I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this! I'm Pepito!
Yeah, we're clubbing now. How's it going everybody? Good to see you, propaganda.
Greg, to you, skull meat, bundlesprout, sinister, dead side tricks, lady side tricks.
John Michael propaganda, again, more propaganda all the time.
S1000, Dano sweets, all the champs in chat live in Sleazy the Master Mod currently working MSG Stormburn.
Great to see you all. Woo! I feel like all the news happens on the weekend.
Or I just lump all the news together in my brain.
There's probably no news today.
Oh, baby, that's my kind of news.
We're sending it to Rogan. We're going to do a story first and then we'll send it to Rogan to really cover the news.
Let's get it cracking indeed. Trailer for heavenly bodies? Okay, maybe we'll Trent today too. We haven't done that in a minute.
Oh, check it out. My tiny Joe Rogan alert works so that I remember to do Joe Rogan.
He's just a little Rogan down there.
Whoa! Also updated my alerts a little bit.
Uh, skull meat, thank you for the 11 months.
Oh, baby, I can't miss that alert. Screaming into existence.
The Trent alert didn't work.
Son of a... Trent at the movies. You know what? I'm going to fix this once and for all right now. Let me see why that's not working.
Hmm. Trent at the movies. I see what's happening.
Oh, and we've got a heart beat to pop a thumb at the top because for some reason I turned this down just for a minute.
That is cheese. But you know, he's quiet today.
It was it was tied to the town hall trigger instead. It was the wrong trigger.
Trent should finally be working at last. Oh my God. We're popping off immediately today.
Hype train. How you doing, man? You uh, you hanging in there hype train?
I'm doing more than hanging. Oh, baby.
Battle the news for zero months. That's not right. That's actually 16 months. Your month thing is not working, case.
His month alerts are shockingly inaccurate, but the hype train has my back.
Everyone is in the zero months. You're in month zero. Congratulations. It's a new beginning for everyone.
Either that or local public's been subscribed for 18 months.
Nasty 18. John Michael with the 16 months. This is the 16. J Money with the 20. How the damn...
All the months. Zero gang in the house 21 months for Skimer 18 months for Skoll meet 21 18 and counting in a completely random sequence.
S 1000 with the 19 monty's.
It's I church with the zero months a.k.a. also known as 18 months.
I if you're wondering why that's wrong, I migrated all my alerts over to Holy hell. Hype train. You're popping off today.
Stop explaining your boring streamer bot stuff. I can't help it. I have no choice.
I migrated all my alerts over to streamer bot and I guess the variable is wrong.
The only variable here is train plus this equals Friday.
It's Tuesday.
Friday in hell, baby.
Oh my god, he's a munchhead.
We need more math with our subs.
Streamer bot is failing to do correct math right now.
And it's pissing me right off.
Thank you all so much for the support catapulting this hype train to a questionably deserved level three.
I wonder if every level I get people love to see my level get on my level case.
Get on.
I'm training. Got any thoughts on Tim Walz?
Tim Walz. Tim the wise.
No, I'm pretty sure it's Tim Walz.
Tim the wise everybody's a huge Tim the wise head.
I'm pretty excited to see.
We love to see it.
It's Waltz.
Was Timmy the wise.
He does all my favorite gaming videos.
You're thinking of Scott the was.
No.
Play me a waltz in honor of Timmy the was.
Okay, I'll play you a waltz.
Harris was 2024.
It would have been an even more surprising pick if he if he she had gone with Scott the was.
Even happens when I type in waltz trap beat. What does that even mean?
Trap type beat instrumental waltz.
What do you think of this hype train?
I don't know. Is it waltz like Timmy the was waltz?
Scott, now you're confusing me.
Just Tim waltz like streets of rage to yeah, that's why people are so excited.
That's why they're so excited.
Yes, everybody agrees. Streets of rage to the best.
You even know what it is.
Hey man.
These streets is raging because they can.
Raging like a cage and now we just street in the man's street.
Raging, raging, raging, we baiting the rage.
I am. Don't am.
Streets of rage to.
I got some streets of rage for you.
Deep inside you know I'm raging too.
Streets throwing me too.
Oh no, he's hitting his rapping singing era.
Rappin' and singing there, streets of rage and down.
The streets is raging out here.
Man, this bitch is raging out here.
Raging, raging, raging, raging, raging, raging, raging, raging, raging.
The rage is streets pissed off in the streets.
Yeah, because we lost our hot dog.
What? There's so many in the streets.
Man, cause they lost their hot dog.
They just bought from the cart man.
Payed $5.99 for a street hot dog.
Said it on the sidewalk to have a little talk with the cop.
And after I talked to the cop, I looked behind me
and my hot dog was gone.
That's what happens in these streets, man.
You'll never believe this.
Talked to a cop and my hot dog was gone from the streets.
Couldn't have sat it down for more than three minutes.
Turned around and that hot dog was finished.
Did someone say streets of rage?
Yeah, maybe that's more of a trip thing.
Tripping out on the streets because we rage in.
I have that hot dog.
Wait man.
Alright, alright, I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm just talking about my...
Just never been that experienced, man.
Just my experience of losing hot dogs on the streets
just because I talked to a cop for a couple minutes.
I just don't think that's a relatable experience for anyone.
Everybody's been through this stuff, man.
The streets are crazy.
Alright, well, but anyway, Tim Waltz is the VP.
I think we should spend a little time
because we're supposedly a new thing.
We should probably learn a little bit about Tim Waltz.
And I think also you're dead.
I see open eyes, sister.
Let's move on for now.
Pipetrain died so VP was good.
Vipy the was.
Good as the best new musical news out there.
Today it was the ballad of Pipetrain and his hot dog
that he lost while talking to a cop.
Anyway, thank you so much for the bits and subs.
We had Eldrick V with a 24 months at tier 124.
It says 24 and 21.
So I guess I've been doing this for a year.
Or something.
I don't quite get how that works.
But anyway, thank you so much for the 21 months.
18 months from Cytricks.
Jay Money with the 20 months.
John Michael with the 16.
Locco with the 19.
Jeslyn with the 100 bits.
We're doing a Rick Anthem.
I don't know how many years has case been doing this?
I feel like it's less than two.
But I swear my alert says, hey, Kendall,
how come Eldrick V's been subbed for 24 months
but also only 21 months?
It says two numbers.
So confusing.
Look, 24 months at tier 1.
They've been subscribed for 21 months.
How's that possible?
Just so you know I'm not crazy.
I think it's like a...
I think I haven't been streaming for two years though.
Because I started in the fall.
So I think it's 21 months.
It's the max I've been... well, whatever.
Chad is figuring this out right now.
Oh, and you can decide how long I've been streaming.
You've been subscribed for 24 months.
Oh, he like paid ahead.
Let's vote now.
Okay, well, either way, thank you so much.
Am I right?
Could be right.
How long have I been streaming?
Hell, 69 years, zero months.
Over 9,022.
Exclamation point one to five is how you vote for those options.
Exclamation point two, zero.
You're voting for two, but you're writing in zero.
I appreciate that.
Bitches years.
You're too late, Lady Citrix.
I'm so sorry, but I think that could have taken it.
Getting texts.
Boom.
The winner was a tie between 69 years and zero months.
I'd say that's fair.
That's the hot tie.
Okay, let's do a little bit of news.
Let's see what the vice president...
What's their deal?
It seems to be a popular pick.
So let's learn why.
Or why we just disagree because we're haters.
I honestly might agree anyway.
Let's find out.
Why am I on the way up here?
Move me back to my usual spot, Kate.
Cameraman?
Cameraman?
There we go.
They want me to come, so I got him.
That's a Chet classic.
Whoa, sorry.
I accidentally expelled Jeff.
The hell he shot me.
I'm sorry.
The hell he shot me down and then shot me back up.
I forgot this chair is on a release trigger.
Yeah.
One of the things I can do in the studio.
Great to see everybody.
It's me.
It's your number one newscaster pal, Jeff Ripple.
And I'm of course extremely excited
to talk about
the new VP.
Just typing something real quick.
Just sending in text.
Yeah, baby.
Everybody's excited.
Yeah, baby.
Everybody's pumped. I love this guy.
Huge fan of waltz for years.
Oh, you're actually familiar with Tim Waltz?
I need to learn this name
because we have to say it.
I'm confused now because I heard Scott
the wasp so many times.
Don't let the hype train confuse you.
So you actually know, you follow Tim Waltz.
You know who he is. Yeah, for sure.
Everybody's really excited for this guy that we
definitely all were familiar with before this.
So what do you know about him?
Minnesota. Okay.
And I don't want to spoil the rest.
We should get to know him together.
Oh, okay.
Well, I've heard that this was the
um, the more progressive choice.
So Kendall.
Kendall is watching
Love Island in the corner
of the studio.
Can we just do that?
I don't think that counts as news.
Well, she's reacting to it pretty hard
and vocally. Yes.
Tim Waltz. Who is he?
I'm just going to type that into YouTube
and try to figure it out. Oh, what a surprise.
There's several articles on this.
Let's find it. Let's find out, Jeff.
Okay.
Might be more interesting than who is Tim Waltz.
Maybe he's a contestant on Love Island.
He's not. I know all about it.
I'm informed, but for now, let's let
the Wall Street Journal tell us.
Right down the middle.
Yeah.
I'm sure they'll tell it like it is.
Press named Minnesota Governor Tim
Waltz as her running mate.
Waltz is a former school teacher
and seasoned Washington lawmaker
who has been credited with a new political
insult against Republicans.
Yes, they're weird. They prove that every day.
It's an observation. Waltz is viewed
as more of a moderate
figure, but someone
who is picked up.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, my God.
What's up, Biden?
What do you have to say about this?
Anything?
You're out of juice?
He's decided not to talk today.
Biden, are you all right?
Oh, my God.
He's just disappeared.
What was that all about, Biden?
Well, I'll read it for him.
I'm proud to support Vice Presidential candidate
who doesn't make sweet, passionate love
to stuffed fabric furniture.
That is an improvement that you get with
the new Wall Street Journal.
That is an improvement that you get with this
particular candidate.
I have to say.
Kendall, you all right?
They're kissing.
They're kissing on the reality TV
show she's watching.
He did freeze again. I don't know
what his problem is.
Oh, I see what it is.
I do see what it is now. Let me
see if this fixes it and I'll have him say it
for you microphone 900.
Also breaking news, there is kissing
going on on Kendall's reality TV show.
Let's see if we can rectify this
Biden era.
Biden?
No, he's still silent?
Well, that's just too bad.
You hate to see the president get silence like that.
Cut him some slack. He's an old man.
I guess he does deserve a break.
And he said that he's passing the baton
to the next generation, so that's a good point.
Although I'm pretty annoyed that he won't talk.
He is sleeping.
I kind of want to just, you know,
work him to the bone. He's
mostly bone already case.
My God.
But anyway, apologies for any
non-speaking Bidens today.
And Apple Daple, thank you so much for the 0
aka 9 months.
Probably hasn't had his ice cream.
That's a good point. Well, he might be getting
up to speed on who Tim Waltz is, which we're
doing too.
All right, I guess we are. We're not watching
Love Island or whatever.
Love Island is such a lazy
fucking name for a LTV show.
What do you mean? It's an island where people
love. I don't know.
I want to work Biden's bone.
Got some good bones in that family
from what I hear.
Okay, anyway, who is Tim Waltz? Tell us.
A number of progressive causes
as governor. He's not somebody
who has an extensive fundraising
base or is someone who's
very well known among the public.
Waltz's ascension currently as
Paris has consolidated support among Democrats
after President Biden exited
the race. Here's a look at what
Waltz brings as running mate in an
election showdown with Donald Trump
and JD Vance.
Tim Waltz is a
proven winner among
rural voters and he's been very
successful in Minnesota, which is a
state that Republicans
are trying to put onto the battleground
map.
Waltz really gives this every man
persona.
We got a debate coming through.
Somebody who's very comfortable with farmers.
He's also someone who can appeal
to voters in the suburbs and the cities.
Minnesota Governor Waltz here at the
great Minnesota get together.
The 60 year old governor didn't begin
his career in politics.
He's someone who worked as a school teacher
for more than
two decades. He also spent
time in the military.
So he really brings to the table
a background of someone who
had an entirely different life
before he entered politics.
Waltz was first elected to Congress in
2006, managing
to unseat a six term Republican
in one of the state's more conservative
districts. He was supportive
of a number of issues related
to agriculture. He also
served as a leader
on veterans affairs issues
given his. So the debate just for
anyone wondering is who's a bigger fan of
mountain to diet mountain do JD Vance or Tim
and how to search up
before we cut to that
to see if Waltz is on the record as being a
diet mountain do fan extensive background
in the Army reserves.
Waltz was once given an A rating
from the National Rifle Association
I need more juice here.
Parkland shooting in 2018. He quickly
pivoted to support background
checks and the NRA
disavowed many of his proposals
after 12 years in Congress.
Walls ran for Minnesota Governor
in 2008 for the 18 months.
Don't let the zero on screen confuse you
someone who could compromise with Republicans.
He won by more than 11
percentage points. Hello one
Minnesota.
Was an aggressive clap in 2022
and a year later oversaw
a Democratic controlled state legislature
with a progressive agenda.
He helped get through a program to provide
universal school and look at him hugging
how look how many kids he's hugging.
He's hugging at least 20 kids.
A good one for
Walls. I'll
check this out live and sleazy. I guess
will this is only five minutes and I've
interrupted it several times. But I do want
to point out that he's hugging a huge amount
of kids. Most politicians they can handle two kids at most.
School meals for children
trying to strangle him was supportive
of codifying abortion rights.
He was supportive of the
legalization of recreational marijuana.
He was viewed as somebody
who was very progressive on
climate change who was very progressive.
Look at Jesse the body
back there.
He's got the
Crip Keeper hair going.
But Jesse the venturer himself
of the legalization of
recreational marijuana. He was
viewed as somebody who was very progressive
on climate change,
the environment and also
in promoting infrastructure spending.
Walls was
criticized for his handling of the civic
unrest following the murder of George Floyd
by a police officer in Minneapolis
in 2020.
I'm authorizing and talking to General Jensen
to fully mobilize the Minnesota National
Guard an action that has never been taken
in the 164 year history
of the Minnesota National Guard.
Walls deployed the National Guard
three days after Floyd's murder.
In July the governor signed
a police reform bill banning the use
of choke holds in most cases
and requiring other officers to intervene
when another is using excessive force.
In the aftermath of
George Floyd's murder
he faced some criticism that he did not act
quickly enough to
quell some of the violence that he saw
on the streets of the city.
There was criticism that he didn't
quickly bring in the National Guard
to restore order.
In recent weeks
Walls has repeatedly used one word
to describe Trump and his running mate
JD Vance.
I'm not changing that.
I see Donald Trump talking about the wonderful
Hannibal Lecter or whatever weird thing
he's on tonight. That is weird behavior.
And it seems to have caught on.
By the way, don't you find some of their stuff
to just be plain weird?
In the lead up to his
selection as Harris's running mate
he really showed a pension
for being the attack dog
namely his appearances.
Kate Kyoko, thank you so much
for the 16 months
16 months
16 more than 0
incredible thank you so much. Don some of the Sunday shows
some of the cable TV hits that he did
attacking JD Vance
People like JD Vance know nothing about
small town America. Although no Republican
presidential candidate has won over Minnesota
voters since Richard Nixon
Wow. The Trump campaign wants to
compete there. Minnesota is
a state that Democrats really can't lose
Trump got very close
in 2016
and has since then always
tried to put the state into play
he and Vance
have made appearances recently
in the state and they view it as
a place where they could perhaps
cut into the Democratic battleground map.
The Harris Walls
ticket and its platform will take center
stage in Chicago during the week of
August 19th. That's when the Democratic
National Convention convenes to
submit their nominations. Two weeks.
Walls helps neutralize
JD Vance's appeal to rural
voters. Especially those voters
in the Midwest
some of the states that will help determine
the election. We expect Walls
to give an address at the Democratic National
Convention. No. Really? That'll really be
his first opportunity
to give the American people
a window into his life, his career
his background and that will be
an important showcase for him before
Democrats.
Okay. You heard it here first.
You might speak at the DNC.
Whoa. That's huge. I can't believe
they broke that.
Whoa. What 100 stream streak
Reverie Wolf? You are truly a legend.
Raoo.
As the kids say. Only Munch says that.
You don't need to do the work for him and try to make that catch
on. I thought the kids were saying
that. No, it's just Munch saying that.
Raoo.
Nah, I think it's the kids. Well,
thank you so much, Reverie Wolf, for the 100
100 stream streak. Wow.
100 streams. You've probably done more than 100
streams. You've been streaming for almost two years.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
All right. Well, what do you
I mean, what more is there to say? He's perfect.
You know, I'm
relieved that they didn't pick as staunch
of a
Israel supporter
as Shapiro.
You know, at least supporting Israel currently is
particularly
repugnant in my opinion.
But
I will confess, I don't know
that much about Tim Walls.
But from what I've learned today, he does seem to
be of the options available.
Possibly the best one, which
I just, I'm not used to
not
used to agreeing with any decisions
made by at least most
decisions made by the Democrats. So
it's been a conf, it's been a confusing
two months. You'll find a way to
be a hater still case. Don't worry. Well, believe
me, I'm sure they'll give us plenty of things
to disagree with, but this does seem to be
a very reasonable choice.
Which is surprising.
Just some white guy we all knew would go that way.
I know, but of the white guy
options, he was one of the better options
seemingly.
Oh, yeah. I should be rooting for
JD Vance just so I can make
TikToks. That's
that's the politics
this chat can really get behind.
Vote Republicans, so case can make
vice presidential JD Vance
TikToks. Might be able to make him anyway, honestly.
Now he's, he might
go down as like one of the worst VP
picks of all time, especially if Trump loses. I mean, if he wins, then obviously,
it's just
sad all around, but
if if the Democrats
managed to pull it out, then
he'll truly be a permanent
laughing stock
forever, which might be what he deserves.
Case, don't make a TikTok fucking a couch.
Well, that's more of a
that's more my chatterbait account
where all the JD heads
they're looking for, you know, a JD
look alike.
I'm just saying
my coach only has one slit down
the middle. Stop it. Please stop.
You forget Sarah Palin. Well, but that's
my point like she's kind of been
pretty famous
for a long time for being
so awful. And I think JD
could be in that same illustrious company.
The vacuum
is going to be jelly of the couch.
Oh, yeah. Aren't you a one vacuum kind of guy?
I technically have two vacuums right now, one of which
needs to get thrown away.
But I just can't bring myself to do it
gross.
Yeah, a little bit gross.
Just a little bit gross. Has anyone
in the real world said you look like JD
Vance?
I've only seen it online,
but I think if you saw me in person,
sorry, I was just looking at my beard. I was like, it's a little spotchy, like JD Vance.
I
saw me in person. You might have the thought, but you might
it might feel too rude
to say it out loud. Bill said it
online. He hasn't said it
to my face yet. Well, Bill will
say it to your face.
I bet some people have thought it around me,
but my eyes also aren't blue.
I think I look like him without blue eyes.
No, you look like him either way.
A little, a little,
a little.
I have to double check. I'm not sitting next
to a vice presidential candidate.
I've said some weird L.A.
comedy
streamer
editor
a burp. Jeff
sorry, when I talk about you, it makes me burp.
Your artistic ass would say it straight to
cases forehead. Here, let me do it for you.
You look like JD Vance
cases forehead.
I've got your back.
Okay, well, fine, fine, Jeff.
What else?
That's a fine.
What else? That's a fair question.
I'm sure there's other things to learn about
JD Vance, but
let's move on
instead.
I mean, not JD Vance, Tim Walz. Are you
combining the two? Well, they're both white guys, but one seems
quite a bit more likeable.
You don't want to learn more about
Tim Walz. I just
will probably hear about him. He seems to have
relatively agreeable views. JD
Walz. Oh, they could
fusion dance. And then they've got
all the best politics from either side
of the political equation.
Does that work? Can you just combine
completely contrary
opinions and form a super
opinion? It's what the Democrats have been trying
for years. So maybe.
We talked about this on a cast-em stream
yesterday, but I do think it might
be worth just running through some
highlights of
Trump's Aiden Ross appearance.
Highlights? Is that the word?
Um...
I mean, you have to use
some word for it, right?
Is there a highlight
thing? Let's see if we can just find
highlights
from this stream.
Asmongold
Okay, this is just a bunch of people talking about it.
Let's just... I'll actually react them with you.
All right. We're just going to jump around.
Let's give you the vibe.
We'll jump around this setup
of
whatever this was.
Lowlights? Low life lights.
Low light
lights.
Low lighting? Honestly, it's a little
dark looking. Maybe this stream is just too bright.
There are a lot of colors on screen on my stream.
Or maybe my screen is just too dark.
Okay, well whatever. Let's
subject ourselves to a couple minutes of this.
We'll see how long...
We'll see if we can last five minutes watching this video.
I never last five
minutes watching any video I feel like.
I mean, I put you on truth.
Really? Yeah. Thank you, man.
Truth is my voice, you know. Yeah.
And it's doing great. Everybody should go
on truth. But I will say that
we're doing great. It's doing great.
That we're doing the show together. You've seen enough already? That's fair.
The response was very cool.
I love it. I love it.
Shout out to Nelk, but they kind of gave me this idea.
I have two segments I want to do with you.
The first one is use one word that comes to mind to describe that person.
Okay?
It's a fun game. Let's start.
All right. Who is the first picture?
And we got the Nelk boys.
One word. Oh.
Great. I love that. Okay.
He loves this game.
He dug deep.
He was like, great.
I don't know who the Nelk boys are.
They interviewed him.
You do know.
I know that they... I think they interviewed
Trump at some point. I think they're a conservative
versus dude bro podcast.
Twenty months... How come it did it right this time?
How three of the numbers
it's giving me are different?
Anyway, thank you for the 20 months
microphone 900. I'm getting three different alerts.
One that says 18, one that says 19, one that says 20.
But I'm going to say it's 20.
So thank you so much for staying
barely informed for 20 months.
Anyway, the Nelk boys are great.
Are they competitors of yours?
Not even, honestly.
Every time that...
I speak to...
Oh, Jesus.
One word.
One word? Just police.
Call them. It's more than one word.
But I think I might scream police.
If I saw this man just staring at me,
I wake up in a cold sweat
and this is hovering over my bed.
Well, yeah, I think anyone hovering over your bed.
But this face in particular
is very alarming.
Something about it. I don't know.
I would be outstanding.
My sons told me about you
and, you know,
that's got a hyphen in it,
Huey Keulier.
So epitome of weird.
That's three words.
He's limited to one and he went with outstanding.
Which that could mean outstanding,
Lee, whatever, and then insert.
Outstanding isn't always positive.
Technically, you could be an outstanding
what Huey Keulier is saying.
Yeah, I mean, he has the face
of someone who might be outstanding at that, for sure.
They told me about
how big.
Dad, my Baron,
he said, Dad, he's really big.
Is that how Baron talks?
He said he's also a friend of mine, right?
But big stuff, Aiden.
So I just have to say outstanding.
To do what you've done.
Reactive yourself.
What did he say about himself?
We got, and we got,
you.
Patriot.
Everyone's first thought.
Okay, I straight up
thought this was Dana White.
It says the name, right under the,
you technically work with this man.
In the sense that I use technology
to work with him, yeah, I guess.
But he and Dana White might be kind of
they're meeting in the middle
to become one person.
They're just both bald and UFC guys.
And, yes, Kendall.
Kendall's pointing finger guns out.
And, yeah, I'm not sure
what she's pointing finger guns out.
Not pointing at me.
Yeah, she was just pointing a finger gun at you.
It's not Crumb.
Crumb looks
worse, better, I don't know.
Anyway, what's Trump have to say about him?
Joe Rogan.
Interesting.
He really is.
He's an amazing, people fight.
Oh, look, Dana was right after.
He's a fighter.
I'll tell that guy.
He's like, if you own something,
that just means you are it.
That's why I am Patriot
because I own America.
You got to work on that Trump impression.
Anyway, who else?
Elon Musk.
He wouldn't want to have him again.
Genius.
Oh my God, he went with genius.
He's a good one.
Genius.
That hurts a little bit.
That hurt me and my tummy.
I'm a good person who's not a genius.
I'll admit it.
Yes, we can.
That is a hard one to hear.
I said yes, we can in the middle of that.
Dropping Obama slogans.
Kendall asked me a question.
Kendall asking all of you the questions.
Because I'm more responsive than you case.
I can only stomach one more of these
and then we have to watch him dance.
Oh great, what's he got?
You know what, fine.
Let's just see what he has to say about a couple of these.
Let's see what we got next here.
We got...
Kaia.
He's a very complicated...
Complicated?
Wait, complicated is actually pretty good.
Occasionally Trump nails it.
Trump's at his best when he's just talking
about celebrities.
Particularly like celebrity relationships.
But I got to give it to Trump.
He's right, he's right.
The one platform we agree with him on
is the Kanye West platform.
He's complicated is fair I guess.
The p***y.
Kanye.
Um...
Oh, backwards opinions.
Choking it back.
Fake.
But the fairness look.
But she knows it.
Fake. Maybe he was going to try to use black
for that one because he couldn't get it out of the system
with Kanye.
He showed the great restraint and said fake.
Although honestly,
I don't...
He cares that much about Cortez.
I think that's like...
It's like a generation too early
for him to like...
Think of her as the face of the Democratic Party.
Or the face of like
conservatives hating the Democratic Party.
He's probably got more ire for like Pelosi
because he's just been
aware of that person for longer.
Oh, I'm sure he wanted to say...
Actually, maybe he didn't want to say something racist.
I think he would have just said something racist.
Yeah, I don't really think he has
any amount of control
because he can't stop saying that Kamala Harris
isn't black.
Which is...
Pretty wildly racist that he's
like a center of his platform right now.
Well,
that's the name game.
And now just to round things out. Let's see him dance.
This is the viral moment
that everyone can't stop
loving that it happened.
For sure, and it's good.
Let's share it with everybody.
Hmm...
XQC is there.
I just like that he gets to go outside
occasionally.
Xander!
Thank you so much for the 21 months.
It nailed it that time. That time it got it right.
Thank you Xander. We love to see it.
And you'll love to see him.
Oh look, he's got a RODE microphone.
If it's good enough for the president,
it's good enough for me.
Uh, that's what you have, right, Case?
Yeah, but not because Trump has it.
It's just an extremely common piece of equipment
for streamers and podcasters. Anyway, what's he saying?
You know what they did?
What Google did is they took
or they let it happen.
See the Secret Service Agency?
They're angry in there.
They put smiles on their face.
You heard about that. Yeah, no, no.
It's just terrible. Yeah, I know.
But that's how easy it is to do it.
It's a little bit scary. Yeah, whatever.
So, I know we're not going to drive anywhere,
but I was wondering if you wanted to, like,
listen to a song in here. Let's go.
This is such sad, like,
it's like someone's dad
was forced at gunpoint to play catch
with the son that they hate.
That's, it's like Aiden knows
it's not going to last,
but he's like, dad is here
and he loves me and he said I'm amazing.
Yeah, and then as soon as it's over,
he's just like, and nothing to me.
And he walks out.
But for two beautiful hours,
little baby Aiden gets to be with daddy.
And I think honestly we should,
we should just love that for him.
I really, I do. I love it for him.
He's getting exactly what he wants.
And you know, it might have been his Bar Mitzvah wish.
He wished upon a Bar Mitzvah
and just a couple years later it came true.
Open it up.
Can you imagine Baron watching this?
Being like, oh, he said he's going to be with me.
And he's like, oh, I'm going to be with you.
And he's like, oh, he said he's outstanding.
He's spending time with him.
And he's playing games.
That's fun.
I'll get on the other side.
Look at the playlist, huh?
This is your playlist.
The team picked out.
You want to pick a song? Let's test out the songs.
Let's try it.
And you know, some of the artists I like better than others,
but I like the other song better.
Who's like your top three artists?
Well, we love Frank Sinatra, right?
Of course.
Me too.
Are they going to play a song or are they going to get the stream taken down?
This is by far the best live stream I've ever done.
I should thank you.
And, um, I do want to say I do want to do a little victory dance with you.
Okay, let's see him dance.
Let's just jump ahead.
I need you back in office, man. Let's hit this dance.
How about this song by Elvis?
Elvis?
Elvis? Love Elvis.
Aiden Ross, huge Elvis guy.
Loves Elvis.
Um, what's a good one?
The YMCA.
That's the best one.
The outro out, you know what I mean?
No, I think it is this one.
Somehow YMCA being Trump's favorite song does make sense to me.
I've always said like, if you really want to do a good Trump impression,
you need to think of like a New York gay man,
like an older New York gay man at like some loft party.
That's like, where are the boys?
That's how I at least envision my Trump impression.
Well, you know, whatever you got to do to get in character, I guess, case.
Oh!
Trump is going to keep TikTok going.
We're going to fight in Paris and have no idea what it means.
Isn't that like...
Don't the Republicans also really dislike TikTok?
Yeah, somehow that had bipartisan approval from our beautiful leaders
banning TikTok for very suspect reasons.
Anyway, that's him dancing.
He really was doing the elbows up for the boys.
It's like someone programmed one of those Boston Dynamics robots
to do like a beach party dance,
but it's only had a day to learn it, so it's still very jerky.
Well, anyway, I think the real lesson we learned here is, um,
you know, there's an epidemic in this country of fathers not taking responsibility for their sons,
and Trump might not be taking responsibility for Barron,
but he is now a father to Aiden Ross.
So, Barron at least got that.
He said, hey, Dad, there's this streamer I really like,
and Trump was like, oh, he's my kid now.
And so now, uh, now Barron gets to watch Trump be a father
to his favorite streamer instead of to him.
Yeah, where's Puffy Bear case?
Throwing all this out there.
I'm case. I don't have any kids. I'm judging fathers.
Look, Puffy Bear is a bear, so he grew up fast.
You threw him in a trailer within three months of getting him.
He wanted to be a podcaster.
That was Puffy Bear's dream.
And I let it happen for him, and then he just moved into Kassim's air stream.
I can't help it if he loves it in there.
Twitch can give you a notification.
No, Twitch is sometimes an absentee dad, too.
Yeah, Twitch can be a real mean daddy.
Watch them throw Aiden Ross under the bus.
I mean, why wouldn't he?
Well, I'm assuming you went on here to try to appeal to like angry white youth, angry white kids,
like under 24?
How young do you have to be to watch?
Like, in my head, I don't think you could watch Aiden Ross much past 15 without being like,
please let me do anything else.
But I guess I'm wrong. I'm guessing he probably has.
I guess I'm guessing he's somehow popular with dudes under 25?
I don't have his analytics.
I don't know.
It's a weird move because in my head this is like half of Aiden Ross's audience.
12 to 20, yeah, that sounds like...
It feels like the upper limit, but...
Like, if I was 14, I didn't give a shit about politics at 14.
I had a vague dislike of conservatism, but that's just because my dad was liberal.
I'm not wide enough to get on the mindset.
I really feel like I should be.
So I guess I would like...
This would probably turn me off at like 14 or 15 by the time he has Trump on there.
I guess I just never was in the right mindset to watch.
I can't know what I would be like at 14 now, being like even more brain poisoned by the internet
than I was at like 15 having played StarCraft for like a year straight.
But I don't know, battle.net case was not very politically formed, so maybe I wouldn't have given a shit.
Case is really trying to put himself in the mindset of an Aiden Ross Trump supporter right now for some reason.
Well, you know, I can't even say know thy enemy.
I just, I don't quite get who this is for.
I feel like your average Aiden Ross viewer is like anti-wokeness enough of a thing that people are like,
fuck yeah, tell the libs about it Aiden Ross.
It just seems like his audience is more of there for him to be like a fucking smoked weed and like people who are mean to me fuck them.
I listened to like five minutes of a like who is Aiden Ross thing and I had to turn it off,
but I was blown away how much he sounded like Trent to me, which having never watched Aiden Ross, I was like, oh, Trent's honestly pretty close.
You want to be ran into each other on Bnet? It's very possible.
Although I didn't do much chatting in the battle.net like chat form, you know, most of us interacting with people in games,
which those interactions are pretty rarely positive.
Kick has all the worst people. Yeah. On stream and seemingly in their offices.
From what I can tell, seemingly a pretty troubling company.
But case, I mean, if we could make money over there, I don't think we can.
I think the audience might have already self-selected a little bit over there.
I mean, whatever, I guess it's either lining the pockets of Amazon or a bunch of desperate gambling streamers.
Case was into anime and alt-comedy. He's not white enough. That sounds...
When you say that out loud propaganda, Trent is Aiden Ross's brother?
Is he? I don't know. Honestly, I didn't do much of a background check on anyone who works here.
You don't need to. You've got great instincts. Don't do a background check on any of this case.
No need, buddy. I thought you were a famous former newscaster. Exactly.
So why do a background check on anybody?
I guess the Elf and Mal conservative grift is the way to go.
Well, with my beard, I think I could. Yeah, you know, Jeff, maybe you could go Elf and Mal.
What are you doing to make that beard so dark?
Bulls sperm. You said that a little too fast for it to be a joke.
Why would I joke? You have to inject bulls sperm into each follicle.
It's a very long procedure. I guess all the time we have...
That's all the time we have for today. Aiden Ross? Aiden the boss?
Aiden talks to the boss? Baron Trump's loss? I'm lost in the sauce.
And actually, when you get lost in the sauce and you dab your finger in it, it creates a little ripple.
And that's my name, actually. If you didn't know, I'm Jeff Ripple. See you all later.
Nice.
Well, now we know exactly who Tim Waltz is, and you've seen Donald Trump dance again.
It's only SNL and Aiden Ross that have pulled that out of him. Let me drink a little bit of this ice piss.
Ooh, that's some icy piss.
Injecting bull sperm is something Joe Rogan would do.
Into each hair follicle? There's millions of hair follicles.
I don't know if I actually believe that Jeff's even actually doing that.
What do you mean? I just shared a beauty secret with everyone.
Wow, Jeff, you're actually still here? You caught me on the way out.
Stop slandering my medical... No, not even medical. Cosmetic procedures.
It's normal. Sarah Jessica Parker does it too.
For beard growth? No, you can use it for a lot.
Well, you have to use people sperm for some of it, but bull sperm is what you really want to use for hair growth.
I don't support this. Well, anyway, we said we do Joe Rogan.
Let me try to make that work.
Inject it into his sack.
If you're at the point where you're injecting more sperm into your sack, why not?
If you're low on sperm, inject a little more into your sack.
And now you're working with more.
Mojo? Is that the medical term?
Sperm itself, I don't think, gives you testosterone.
Jeff, well, and I'm supposed to listen to you
and not the guy that I met on Brazilian Craigslist in 2015, who's a doctor?
I guess I'm technically not more qualified than whatever you just said.
Let's see if I can make Joe Rogan show up today.
Please, Joe.
Please, Joe.
All right, we might have some technical difficulties as usual,
but we'll sort it out as hopefully relatively quickly.
I say as I immediately can't find half the things I need to click on.
Okay.
Well, let's see how weird his mouth is today.
I don't know what Joe wants to talk about, but you can figure it out for him.
Ask Joe any question you want.
Just slam a question in the Rogan chat, and I'm sure he'll say something.
He'll continue to say words one way or another.
Here, hopefully, is Joe Rogan.
The Joe Rogan experience.
Hey, there we go.
Sorry about that, everybody. I'm doing a thing lately.
Where I don't breathe for a couple minutes.
It's not holding your breath, you actually...
I have a valve installed in my lungs to completely cut off oxygen in my brain.
For four to five minutes, it's called a brain purge.
You turn the valve that fully cuts off oxygen into your brain.
Purge is your brain for four or five minutes.
Starving it of oxygen, resetting it like a Nintendo system when it stops working.
It actually increases cognitive function by as much as I'm told.
Plus or minus 200%.
Wow, plus or minus, Joe.
That's fucking huge.
I mean, some days you want a plus, some days you want to minus it.
Yeah, the Simpsons chat, people are showing up my incredible Netflix special.
People are saying probably the best one ever.
I mean, I'm not saying...
Comedy is fucking subjective at all.
Like, you know, there's like...
I'll admit it, I'm like one of the top.
There's like 10 or 20 guys...
Oh, yeah, there's like 10 or 20 guys that really do comedy.
And like, we're a guy and we do do comedy.
Man, there's only like 10 or 20 of us.
And I'm one of them for sure.
So, we can watch like a clip if it seems like people...
Maybe really want to watch a clip.
I mean, yeah, Joe, like it would be an honor to see you react to me doing stand-up,
you being me and us reacting to me doing it.
I've always said that it would be a huge honor to react to me being you doing me doing stand-up being me.
So, let's, I guess, watch it short.
They, apparently Netflix has clipped out some of my jokes, so...
Let's see what we got.
We might have to...
It's a few things to hear it.
Just one second.
Okay, here we go. This should be working out.
Of a boy and his dog.
I got a refresh. You missed the setup.
Which is the intellectual equivalent of a boy and his dog.
That guy's so much smarter than me.
You know when you're around your dog, your dog's like,
you're different, tell me what to do.
That's me.
I'm like, when they land, you'll tell them I'm cool.
I'm friends with Elon Musk, which is...
Look, I'm not going to laugh at my own jokes.
That'd be in bad taste.
If anyone wonders why...
I didn't laugh at that.
It'd be in really poor taste to laugh at my own jokes.
And yeah, and people, everybody making jokes about how
I'm sweating out of my sweaty milky tits.
Well, jokes on you, I'm not sweating.
I've been taking cow hormones
so that I can produce my own milk to drink.
I mean, that's just smart business.
We waste so much money buying milk from cows.
When we could just take those perfectly good at cow hormones.
And in the middle of the set,
you're just squeezing out enough milk
to feed the entire front row.
Yeah, and I did.
Like, after the set, I nestled up the entire front row
against my bosom,
and their hungry mouths fed on my leaky milky tits.
I mean, that was me holding back the milk
from my succulent breasts.
But if I really let it go,
it's a torrent of just hot, delicious,
slightly sweet Joe Rogan milk
right out of my hot, warm tits.
I had some of the hottest and warmest tits around.
Like, I'm not afraid to say that.
And I know people are going to complain
because they make a big deal out of gender roles and stuff.
But people are forgetting that, like, back in caveman times,
men produced actually more milk than women.
Well, yeah, back when they were drinking clean river water,
unpoisoned by various additive chemicals,
men actually produced up to five times as much milk as women.
That's how they could hunt for so long
that we had really long nipples,
and we'd loop them around our bone necklaces,
like we'd pull our nipples up and loop them around
our ancient caveman bone necklaces.
It was kind of like an early camel pack.
So when you were chasing game in the woods,
you could just kind of string your nipple up to your mouth
and suck on it yourself.
But nowadays, you know, there's just so many...
What is it? HMOs, GMOs, MMORPGs
in our water and in our food
that, like, our nipples have shrunk,
we barely produced milk.
And we think it's all about ladies producing it.
And that was the original men going their own way
because they'd leave the village,
they'd have to go their own way.
That's actually what that song is about.
You can go your own way.
That's about men sucking down all the hot, sweaty tit milk
from their own hot, sweaty tits.
The real shame that we feminized breastfeeding so much.
It used to be so masculine.
Anyway, you're about the new...
Vice President? He's good or something?
Isn't the current new Vice President Kamala Harris?
Isn't she... How does she have a Vice President
when she's the Vice President?
And no one's talking about this.
She IS the Vice President.
That's a really fucking good point, man.
You shouldn't be allowed to have a Vice President
if you're Vice President.
I mean, unless she's, like, doing mitosis,
which I don't think is legal if you're a human.
I used to have a mitosis dealer, and he got arrested,
so I'm pretty sure it is.
Yeah, Case is still alive. Apparently, still alive.
Anyway, sorry, I'm not paying attention to the little chat enough,
which is my favorite part of this guy's dumb stream
is that there's people that somehow talk to him.
I think they're trying to talk him out of doing it.
Yeah, I think it's like a hostage situation.
I think who the dumbass who runs the stream
took a bunch of people hostage,
and they're trying to negotiate their way out of watching it.
But side benefit is they're here,
so, God, if you do have any questions for us...
Sorry, I was... I got kind of distracted.
I once sort of ran about,
oh, hot my tits are in other constantly leaking delicious milk.
But if you have any questions, I'm happy to answer them.
Well, that's why God was easy lactating,
and that's kind of what set me off,
but how much milk does Jayney drink?
It's really all or nothing, you know,
because he gets into phases.
I mean, he definitely consumes mostly milk products.
He basically won't eat anything,
or put most things that his about,
that haven't at least touched milk in some way.
But he'll also go through, you know,
really long stretches where, you know,
he's just eating ice.
He's eating frozen any liquids,
freezing every liquid, and he's chewing it.
Or, you know, he's just eating plastic sometimes.
That's the worst, because it runs up a huge vet bill.
I don't take Jamie to a doctor.
I have to take him to the doctor too much,
so at this point I just take him to a vet.
He has pretty good dog insurance.
Like, I got him really good pet insurance.
It's not, and it's not because I don't give
my employees health insurance.
I had to specifically buy pet insurance for Jamie.
I did have to have him legally declared to have dog brain,
which I do think is actually giving him too much credit.
I don't think he's a boy that dog level of intelligence.
Hey, Jamie.
Jamie.
Jamie.
I'm just going to prove him to provide.
Hey, Jamie, did you see this battery?
You seen this battery, Jamie?
Sorry, you actually can't see it.
I was doing a little bit of magic there.
Now I'll do it for real.
Jamie, do you see this battery?
Okay.
It exists.
Okay, Jamie.
Jamie, where's the battery?
Jamie, can you pull up the battery?
He's saying that you're saying there isn't a battery.
The thing, a battery has never existed.
Anybody's wondering what he's saying?
He's saying batteries don't exist.
Okay, Jamie, if you were to pull up the battery,
where would you pull it from?
He's just spinning in circles.
He's spinning in circles and he's gnashing
and clawing at his clothes.
Okay, Jamie, calm down.
The battery's here.
The battery is here.
Whoa.
It's a not scare him, but I scared him
by pulling the battery into my face,
which is a trick I have.
I have a pocket in my face.
Anyway, my point is he doesn't have
object permanence.
It actually makes him kind of a good podcaster.
Object permanence?
This is pretty overrated for podcasting.
You really don't need it.
If something isn't in front of me
or being discussed, it basically doesn't exist.
Why does Joe have a random battery?
Well, Jamie eats a little lot.
Yeah, I mean, we said he drinks a lot of liquids.
He eats your battery as it phases.
Sometimes he's just eating the wrapping of the battery.
Sometimes he just fills his stomach with battery
so he can become power, Jamie.
He claims that it gives him electric powers,
but mostly we just have really woolly
carpet all around the studio for some reason.
Really bad for electronic equipment.
We did let Jamie design the studio.
So he covered the studio in really static,
prone, woolly carpets.
So sometimes he thinks he has electric powers
just because he shocks him so fastly.
You know, try to turn on computers, try to touch microphones.
Um, just...
Producing insane amounts of voltage, so...
Occasionally he'll eat tons of batteries and he cleans it, gives them the powers, but...
I mean, he does produce a lot of electricity. Maybe there's something to it.
But does Dana White look like you?
Or do you look like Dana White?
Me...
I'd actually argue that we both look like...
Pitbull.
Got the Joker Serum from the first Arkham Asylum game.
That's a really good point.
I do think actually, rather than either of us looking like each other,
we more so look like Pitbull.
Got specifically the Joker Serum from the first Arkham Asylum game, the 3D one.
Yeah. Yeah, we kinda both look like Super Joker...
Pitbulls.
This thing here, not the dog. Although we do kinda look like the dog, too.
I'll take one more question before we get outta here for the day.
Me...
Damien is the new static shock?
I don't encourage him, because he WILL start to try to fly on a trash can.
Led?
He's done that before.
He used to watch...
He got into like, YouTubes of, um, like those old fucking Bamard-Jerr skateboarding videos.
Oh, that was bad. He tried to treat everything like a skateboarder, then he was convinced he could fly on a skateboard,
and then eventually that kind of...
Evolved into I can fly on any kind of object and...
He tried trash cans, he's tried a lot.
But was the battery pulled from Joe Biden's back?
That's...
A really sick burning.
And...
I don't steal jokes, like, I famously, I don't.
Like, that's what Proliseman Cia does, and I was against that.
But...
I just, I might have had that idea, too, and I might use that joke in my next special, because I also already had that idea.
And we get help, but sometimes two people have the same idea at the same time, and it's both really good.
Magnets, how do they work?
Well, actually, ancient Egyptians had psychic powers.
That's how they built the pyramids.
And before the Egyptians...
Um...
All became monies.
They divested themselves of their psychic powers and put it into select obeliskic rocks.
And that's how magnets work, is it's the leftover psychic residence of the ancient Egyptians.
Um...
And that's, the people like to say it's magnets isn't like it's not magic, but actually...
It's like the most magic thing of all.
Yeah, they work basically by psychic magic.
I'm missing, uh, the missing battery is that why Biden wasn't talking.
Yes, I suspect that could be why.
I'm like...
Honestly, when Jay needs batteries, it's mostly bad for him, but...
Minha was too quick to discount that, because batteries are energy.
At the end of the day, we're powered by calories, and calories are energy.
Yeah, that's just simple transference of terminology, which is a term that they use in science.
It's like blue is a color and blue is also water.
That's why when you lick blue walls, it actually does make you feel like you drink water.
Yeah, I mean, a lot of people discount the power of the ancient words.
But words carry power, and that's why when whispered, they can produce spells.
That's a really great point.
You have to be careful when you whisper words, because you will accidentally do a spell sometimes.
Like sometimes when I'm just really quietly humming...
M&M rap lyrics in the shower, I accidentally will like summon a shitty mom.
To be like, I'm Kim, you summoned me.
I'll be like, fuck, yeah, I've done that before too.
I've accidentally honed M&M lyrics, so I kind of more of a whisper in the shower,
and occasionally I will summon...
A mom named Kim.
It's not usually not M&M's mom.
It's just any mom named Kim that's not that good of a mom.
And then you're like, fuck, I gotta get her a flight.
Yeah, I've flown so many Kims out of LA's.
Well now, Texas, fucking annoying.
Most of them are from like...
I don't think a lot of them are from fucking Minnesota.
Anyway, that's, um...
Probably half the time we have, I think we answered every question.
Yeah, I mean, I had...
I had to think of a single other question that we could answer, so...
Same thing, I think we finally answered them all.
Oh shit, does that mean we're done?
Like doing this?
No, I just thought of a couple more, so...
We should probably keep going.
Okay, well we're gonna keep talking forever, I guess.
I will never leave.
Jamie is rubbing his ass all over the carpet.
Is he saying that now he doesn't defecate the electrophates?
Which actually, those are better vocab words than he usually operates from, so...
Anyway, Jamie is electrophating on the carpet.
And it does...
But I think he's mostly just streaking.
He's just streaking diarrhea on the floors.
Anyway, um, that's all the time we have.
Yeah, Joe Rogan takes for listening.
And I am also actually Joe Rogan as well.
And stay safe, because the world's honestly fucking crazy, man.
Dude, people have targeted with that enough.
The world is fucking crazy, man, so stay safe.
Dude, absolutely like...
That's a really good point, you put it really well.
The world is fucking crazy, man.
Jamie!
The Joe Rogan experience.
I'm too talented for this platform.
If anything, I think that segment proves that I'm probably right where I belong.
Okay, that's Joe Rogan.
It's great to hear from him.
Really glad that he's doing well after that banger of a special he put out.
You know, I have a bit of a love-hate relationship with Joe Rogan.
I hate the things he says, but I do find his existence to kind of be sort of amusing.
So I keep seeing clips from that special.
And instead of being like, oh my god, he's so bad, it makes me like a little sad.
It feels like...
There's like a little bit of nervousness to it.
Like he's kind of going through it fast.
I don't know, but it feels like...
It feels like a...
Like a...
Just an older person, like discovering they can't play football anymore or something.
I'm not even trying to like...
A comedy is extremely subjective.
Honestly, if I were to go up and do a set at a stand-up club,
I would do way worse than Joe Rogan.
Like he would crush and I would not.
Partially because he's very famous.
But also, you know, he's done stand-up for years.
There is just like something to doing a ton of stand-up.
But...
I don't know.
There's a weird energy to the clips I've seen.
Like on a purely, not even on a content level, like...
The delivery is just like...
It's just weird.
I can't quite explain.
Oh god, I'm sounding like a fucking...
MSNBC reporter.
Joe Rogan, he's just weird.
I don't know.
I don't know how to quite articulate it other than he seems a little nervous and rushed
and uncomfortable.
Maybe I'm giving him too much credit and that's...
He's just like, no, I'm just talking at my usual pace.
I'm Joe Rogan.
I don't know.
The jokes don't seem very well considered and...
Basically, the vibe I'm getting is he's done too many sets in front of his specific audience.
And...
Whatever that's done to his brain doesn't seem to be quite positive.
I feel the same way about Dave Chappelle.
Dave still has the like rhythm that he had in his probably...
Actually, now he's a little slower.
I think he takes his time a little too hard now.
But like...
He's still a little captivating in his delivery, I would say.
Chappelle.
I don't know.
Joe Rogan used to be...
He's always been a little frantic.
I've like seen some of his stand up.
I think in college I even had like one of his albums on iTunes.
But I was just like buying comedy albums.
I mean he's never been one of my favorite stand ups.
I feel really...
For some reason I feel weird being mean about Joe Rogan doing stand up.
He's never been one of my favorites, I'll say it.
I don't think he's the worst other than his opinions nowadays.
But like back in the day he was mostly just kind of a bro doing like rowey stand up.
But he kind of had like a...
He started going with like the I get worked up and I start yelling, which maybe he doesn't know.
I've only seen...
I've only seen TikTok clips.
But just, I don't know, the presentation feels off.
The best thing he's done is news radio.
You know, I've never actually watched more than like two episodes of news radio.
But I've heard it's a classic.
But I think at this point it's just too far down my list of shows I should watch one of these days.
Who were my favorite stand ups?
Who were my favorite stand ups?
Honestly, they'd largely be Chicago people that aren't famous.
Go check out Antonio Karim.
He's great.
He's ever playing somewhere in a city you're in.
Like that famous, like, favorite famous stand ups?
I don't know, Hannibal Burress maybe?
Is the last stand up I listened to a lot?
Rory something or other?
I'm forgetting his name.
So how could he be my favorite?
Rory Stov...
I just don't want to say his name wrong.
Rory Stovill?
Stovol.
Stovol?
No, that's not it.
Something?
Scoville.
There we go.
I don't actually listen to that much stand up.
I've seen him live a few times though.
Because he performs at a theater in LA sometimes called the Elysian.
He'll just pop in sometimes.
He seems like a nice guy and he's very funny.
Megan Strickland.
Also Matt Reif, of course.
See I'll just list people all day that you won't know because they're just my friends.
But Megan Strickland is a fantastic stand up and she's also Tim's girlfriend.
Gary Owen.
Oh wait, Gary Owen.
I actually saw him...
Oh, I'm not, dude, I do not...
I saw him live once.
He actually is very good.
He fucking...
I've seen him actually several times live because before I went to stand up clubs a lot in Chicago.
To either do or just watch that.
Or like I had friends doing them.
I saw him in Richmond randomly.
Someone was like, I got free tickets to Gary Owen.
I had no idea who he was.
And he just absolutely fucking crushed.
In a way I had not seen live before.
Anyway, then I saw him a few times in Chicago just randomly.
And he really does.
He's one of those comedians where I would not be able to tell you what his jokes are.
But I suspect if you saw him live it would work.
And obviously Don Riggles, yeah.
Of course, gotta give it up to the Riggles.
To the Rigman.
One of the best ever to do it.
The Riggler.
Watch Chris Fleming.
Oh yeah, I like Chris Fleming.
I have to double check that...
Yes, Chris Fleming, who I actually also just saw live.
Add a show with Megan Strickland.
It's such a small world.
Yeah, Chris Fleming is great.
He does shows.
He'll pop into random shows here as well.
I'm just a sucker for anyone I've seen live.
I actually, I just don't like watching stand-up specials that much.
Which I know is a little antithetical because it's like...
You've made it as a stand-up when you get a special.
But if I haven't seen a stand-up live,
I feel like I don't really have a read on...
On what it's like.
Because it really is like...
I don't really even necessarily judge stand-up by thinking the jokes are brilliant.
It's like, to me it's like a group activity.
It's like pro wrestling a little bit.
It's like I may not love John Cena.
Well, I do know.
But when I was back in the day, I may not have loved John Cena.
But he got an insane reaction out of the crowd.
To me, the stand-up has a little bit of that energy.
It's like you're sort of getting pulled along
and laughing at things that you ultimately might not even think are that good.
But it's like if they get the crowd right, then it just works.
Taylor Tomlinson also great.
I've had some friends open up for her.
I've heard she's nice as well.
Okay, let's send it to Munch and Crumb.
I do actually have to stop pretty soon.
It's almost seven o'clock here and I got got going a little late.
So it's going to be a little bit of a shorter stream today.
So we'll Munch and Crumb it and then we'll see if there's another request or anything.
We'll do this in probably at least one other segment.
But for now, let's send it down to Munch and Crumb.
No Trent?
Case ignoring his segment request, he will do a Trent.
I'm a man of the people.
I'll make sure it happens.
Stop cutting off my head reality.
They need to see all of my beautiful hair.
Good to see everybody.
It's a course me Ralph Munch cut joined unfortunately
by a gremlin that's small like gizmo, but ugly like the big ones.
It's Crumb.
We're about the same height Munch.
Anything I think I might be slightly taller.
There's not a chance.
Stand up and prove it big dog.
No, I refuse to stand.
I refuse to stand for you.
You are not the national anthem.
You are the opposite of the national anthem.
You are a national tragedy.
Well, technically the national anthem is
based on a tragedy.
What do you mean?
Well, you know, like Rockets, Red Flair and stuff.
No, that's the no wait.
Is that the net wait the national?
Yeah.
What?
I don't mean that it's a tragedy.
The national anthem.
I'm saying there's tragedies encompassed in the national anthem
because it's about war technically.
So I'm just saying you're agreeing that you're a national tragedy.
I don't I didn't quite have a point there.
And I'm mad enough to admit that.
Give it up for me.
For what?
Why did you demand that applause?
I don't know.
It just felt like I deserve applause there.
Thank you.
Thank you.
But sometimes I just need to be applauded to make it through being next to you.
A tragedy in general.
Well, some of the most popular intellectual properties of all time are tragedies.
So I guess I'm in the same I'm in the same boat as Casablanca.
That's not a tragedy.
It's a drama.
Okay, I don't want to we're debating something else today.
My God, your ability to get me off fucking topic is actually a tragedy.
Okay, well, see, let's see.
Let's see.
Well, there was a call for us and the request was.
There it is.
Who's the bigger fan of Diet Mountain Dew JD Vance or Tim Waltz?
Okay, Tim Waltz.
Diet Mountain Dew.
We got to figure out if he even likes Diet Mountain Dew.
It's JD for sure.
Oh, wow, you're just giving up the ghost already.
A soda ship off or an election.
Tim Waltz and JD Vance fight over the Mountain Dew Belt.
Wait, what?
This is a real thing.
What am I looking at?
Actually, I will look at it.
Usually we don't bother reading news articles because our brains are already too powerfully
formed.
Unlike everyone else, we are actually we come pre-informed.
Bittery device of election.
The Republicans and Democratic tickets have united around a single issue.
JD Vance and Tim Waltz are both fans of the same fizzy beverage?
They both like Diet Mountain Dew.
Okay, soft drink.
Well, who says who?
Mountain Dew is old-timey, Appalachian slang for moonshine.
It's Tennessee creators Barney and Ali Hartman originally crafted Mountain Dew as a mix of
whiskey, mixer for whiskey in the 1940s.
Really? Diet Mountain Dew and whiskey?
That does sound like a crime of some sort.
Indra Newey, the former CEO of Mountain Dew, blah blah blah blah.
Well, when did they say they like it?
When did they admit this?
Diet Mountain Dew li- Okay.
Make it a Diet Mountain Dew when I'm sold.
I don't know who needs to hear this, but 52 oz of Diet Coke is a perfect way to start the morning.
Oh, he literally said.
He literally said it.
Okay, but I'm still going with my boy JD.
Your boy JD.
He's your boy?
Look, he's- you don't like all your boys.
Some of your boys?
They're the worst boys, you know?
Everybody's got like a friend name like-
I don't know.
Randbert.
Who has a friend named Randbert?
Well, look, I'm just saying I went to a couple kids named like-
Or follow me, Randbert.
Tom of Indoncense.
Tom of Indoncense?
Yeah, Bort McCaffrey for sure, pop propaganda.
I guess you know Bort too.
Where did you go to school?
The West Minstrenton Academy for Advantage Youth.
The West Minstrenton Academy.
Minstrenton Academy for Advantage Youth.
Yeah, that was my-
One of the schools I attended when I regressed in age temporarily,
like a vampire, like a Twilight boy, and reattended high school.
There's so many things wrong with what you just said.
Anyway, my point is you don't like all your boys.
Sometimes you got to have a boy in the crew that sucks, and that's JD.
That's just- we just- you know, Republicans, we just understand America.
He said advantaged, I think.
Yeah, it was for advantaged youths.
We can't all be disadvantaged.
Some of us have advantages, and we have to respect that we are the advantage.
And I'm sick of the advantage being discriminated against and disadvantaged.
Oh my god, can we just debate this?
I'm going to shake Tim Walsh, actually, is the bigger Diet Mountain Dew head.
I think he's got an uphill battle.
He's got to reclaim Diet Mountain Dew.
Okay, here we go.
Diet Mountain Dew is innocent in all of this.
If anything, it's a- you know, it's a powerful alternative to Diet Coke,
which runs the- which runs the market.
Big Diet Coke for too long has been claiming American stomachs and usophages,
and Diet Mountain Dew is bravely trying to, as an underdog,
reclaim the center of this country as the diet beverage of choice,
suffering the brutal attacks of the incredibly unlikeable JD Vance,
who has attacked it by drinking it.
Look, JD Vance is just that fucking dumbass in your crew.
Who you know?
He's got bad taste.
Here's the difference between you and me.
I can admit that Diet Mountain Dew fucking sucks.
It's like shittier Mountain Dew, which already is kind of fucking janky and weird.
They have to make so many flavors of Mountain Dew just to cover up
the original fucking weird taste.
Throw oranges and fucking pomegranates in there.
Just trying to fix the concoction of witches poison that they accidentally made
while getting fucking drunk off whiskey.
It actually makes sense.
It's a beautiful drink to just dump into some alcohol,
and I respect the wise and resourceful Mountain People's for figuring it out.
But outside of that, it's fucking slurm, dude.
It's pre-slurm.
Slurm actually is based on Mountain Dew.
If anything, slurm is- slurm is a joke on Mountain Dew.
No, I'm saying like Diet Mountain Dew is just actual slurm.
But slurm is a joke about Mountain Dew.
It's just great.
Look, my point is, yeah, JD Vance is kind of fucking whack.
That's what we love about him.
He's our dumbass, and that dumbass loves Diet Mountain Dew more than anybody.
You gotta be kind of mentally regressed to enjoy pumping that green nasty
shit into your mouth.
I'll at least admit that JD Vance is a fucking dumbass
who loves to drink the fucking swill of the devil.
That's awful.
You're profaning so many people.
While supposedly defending- you're saying he's suction,
he's got terrible taste.
Yeah, he's my boy.
Look, you fucking suck, dude.
It's fun.
We have fun over here.
We can actually take a joke, which is why when I say,
JD Vance, you're a mentally regressed moron with the worst taste in the world.
It's like cause we're boys, man.
I can't believe you won that one.
Well, look, that's because the wolves in chat understand.
Sometimes you gotta have the worst possible person in your crew
to bounce the rest of the crew out.
Congrats, John, the big win.
Well, you know, I might have- I play Devil's Abbey Kit a lot on here,
and I'll actually give this one.
I'll let JD Vance like Diet Mountain Dew more.
An American beverage, by the way,
that I don't think deserves the slander that you're giving it.
Let's fucking green sugar piss.
Green sugar piss.
Green sugar piss.
All of us drink piss.
Right now I'm drinking yellow piss.
Sweetened with chemicals.
Sweet piss chemicals.
That's what Americans love.
And no one's more American than me.
That's why I drink straight sweetened chemical piss
straight out the jar.
Like a classic American.
You know, Waterworld was based
on the founding fathers drinking piss.
That's not true and confusing.
Conceptually confusing.
Not all sodas are piss.
I can't be convinced.
And none of the American people are as well.
We proudly drink that Corpett Slurry piss
straight down our throat.
If I could have a bigger straw,
if I could be drinking two sweet pisses at once,
you know I would.
A lot of piss and milk on this stream today.
Well, I'm pissing fire all over this fucking stream today.
That's why I won.
That's why I'm a winner.
And that's why that's all the time we have.
Sometimes I make quick work of it.
Two round knockout.
Wait, one round knockout.
I knocked you out in one round.
How does that feel for you?
I'm still awake.
How could you have knocked me out?
And that's the amazing thing.
Is I keep knocking you out
and you keep getting back up.
It's not always good.
Sometimes when you get knocked down,
you actually stay down.
You know what?
Not everybody needs to watch Rocky.
So maybe you stay down forever is all I'm saying.
And I'm saying I will forever be the best
because you're the best of wolves and ten.
I see you all.
Bye bye.
Wait a minute.
Stop the fucking music.
You're sure as you're ranting,
you weren't paying attention to chat.
What?
What I do?
They've been yelling at you for minutes.
I was so annoyed by you.
I wasn't even paying attention.
Let's check the poll.
Tim Walts won.
That's insane.
How did you not read that?
How did you not read that?
Check this shit out.
Boom.
You see that point go away?
You're crumbly.
You're crumbly.
Oh, I got that one.
I got that one.
We can cut the part where I'm just talking out.
No, this is all going in the sun.
What?
I won by a literal flashlight.
I think somebody I think a wizard came in.
I believe it wasn't there.
It was just information.
I think a wizard to bring reason to the form.
Flip the poll.
I challenge the status quo and expose the lie.
Crumb face is a landslide?
Well, yeah, I guess if victory is a landslide,
my face is sliding out over you haters.
Just picture this face sliding over you
because it's a landslide victory.
You should.
I just don't.
I think I can actually be forgiven for misreading that
because JD Vance is literally associated now
with Diamond and Dew.
It's like that in fucking coaches is his thing.
Chad, you are fucking lying to yourself.
I barely even had to argue because it's just a truism.
JD Vance fucking his blood is basically Mountain Dew.
If you stabbed him, he'd be bleeding fucking green everywhere
like a goddamn Ninja Turtle.
I think the Ninja Turtles still have red blood.
What?
I think the Ninja Turtles still have red blood.
Aren't they full of ooze?
No, they just got into ooze.
They don't bleed ooze.
Why not?
They're fucking ooze creatures.
This is what I'm talking about.
Nothing makes sense in this country anymore.
You can literally go viral for being a fucking
disgusting Mountain Dew peasant.
And still, some fucking random new guy is the Mountain Dew guy?
No.
This is like saying Jared isn't the subway guy.
Yeah, he's made some mistakes, but he is the subway guy.
What do you think fucking whoever they got after him
is the subway guy?
I can't even think of who.
It doesn't matter how shitty of a person you are.
If you go viral for a particular product, you are that product.
That's an insane way to look at it, bunch.
Unsurprisingly, that's an insane...
What, are you advocating for Jared to be the subway guy?
No, he just is.
They can't watch themselves of it.
And now JD Vance has his sweaty tendrils forever dunked
into every Mountain Dew that is ever slurped.
When you are drinking Mountain Dew, you are slurping JD Vance's goo.
He's upset.
I'm sorry that he's so upset.
It's because this is a layup.
I did win.
But you lost by a ton.
Are you happy?
Are you done?
They bleed blood, but they're mutant turtles.
But I'm the crazy one.
You're being pretty crazy.
Kendall's trying to watch her show.
Sorry, promise for some reason mentioning you.
I'm just saying Kendall's trying to watch her show
and you're being loud.
Now who distracted her though?
Well that's actually all the time we had.
Thanks for the correction chat, sorry for ignoring you
because he was on a rant.
I wasn't ignoring anything.
I was artfully disregarding everyone for being wrong
that I lost.
They were show right.
It was crazy.
And you're so fucked that I'm crazy-ly fucking you.
What?
In a violent sense, not in a sexual sense.
I'm fucking you in the bad way.
It's all the fucking time we have, god damn it.
Whatever haters.
I'm fucking going heel officially.
Fuck all of you.
Wolves in chat.
Wolves aren't the few wolves in chat.
The wise wolves that still exist.
They will.
They're gonna do a thing.
And there's actually more of us while being less of us.
If that, it does make sense and you'll see why.
Yeah Tim Wolves, whatever.
We're taking your fucking name.
Tim Wolves.
Arru, you'll see.
He keeps threatening to go heel.
Okay.
He's got to actually go heel though.
You can't just say you are.
Although I guess in wrestling,
sometimes they do just sort of say it.
We have to go to the movies and then I have to get out of here.
So I think I will.
Let me turn these requests off.
If I even remember how to do it,
I can't believe Biden is broken.
It makes me so sad that he can't talk.
Can't wait until Chrome hits him with a steel chair.
He might need it.
He's kind of losing it, man.
Heavenly Body Trailer incoming.
Let's do it.
We haven't checked in with him in a minute.
Let's send it down to him.
He's at the movies and it is in fact Trent.
Yes, it's good to be fucking.
Well, you don't have to do this actually
for legal obligation.
So maybe it's not good to be back,
but I do like watching movies.
So I guess I'm torn.
You're torn about whether or not you want to be.
It's the place that you say you like to be.
Yeah, but I just remember that you're telling me
to be here technically.
And then that pissed me off temporarily.
So now I don't know how to feel.
That's life, man.
Life's all about like contradictions and shit.
Well, you know, that's kind of true.
Like Natalie and Bruglia.
Yeah, man, it's fucking in Bruglia.
It's in Bruglia's dude.
It's crazy.
Life's crazy.
What do you think in Bruglia means?
Like the movie in bruises,
meaning it's like kind of sad,
but also called feral is like kind of cool.
In Bruglia.
Yeah.
It's like that's the derivation of it or whatever.
Anyway, we got a lot of trailers to get through.
I like have not watched one in a minute.
I mean, and I've not been keeping up with skin in the
you don't wait, you know the word cinema.
Yeah, but like I like to watch sexy trailers too.
I call that skin in them.
Okay.
Well, that is actually pretty common.
All right.
Heavenly bodies.
You know what?
I think it's faster if I just look it up.
Actually, heavenly bodies trailer.
The 1984 film heavenly bodies.
Just scanning this to make sure that there's not a remake or something,
but I don't believe there is.
So if I'm wrong, let me know.
But we're going to watch this heavenly bodies trailer.
Yeah.
Okay.
Check this shit out.
I'm going to not because you said so.
The audio is on.
It's just quiet.
There's no sound.
There we go.
Her name is Samantha Blair,
a girl who's about to beat the hum drum.
And when she makes her move,
her moves will leave you breathless.
Welcome to the world of heavenly bodies.
Oh my God.
A world that pulsates to the rhythm of rock and romance.
This is skin of her.
A world where body language speaks louder than words.
A big health club is just bought your building out from under you.
What health club?
Jack Pearson's sporting life.
They're giving you 30 days to clear out.
Whoa.
Jack Pearson's sporting life is closing down heavenly bodies.
It was a business decision.
No.
It's make a terrific parking lot.
I'm challenging you to a competition.
The best in your club against the best in our club.
Best at what?
Ready, go.
What?
Best at body?
Is the question is who's best at body?
For every dreamer.
For every fighter.
Oh they fight too.
For every lover.
And that you know they fight.
For every body.
This is the shape of things to come.
Heavenly bodies.
That's fucking beautiful.
Damn y'all.
That shit was nasty.
It's with your energy right now.
That's just fucking good man.
Damn man that's fucking good man.
Yeah man.
I'm looking like I'm the latest look man you know what I mean.
What?
I'm looking like I'm the latest ladies look man you know what I mean.
Is this how you talk to us?
Is this what you do when you get
horned up?
I don't know what y'all mean dude.
This fucking ladies look good man.
We need to pull Trent out of whatever this Moody's in is
and watch something else I guess.
But yeah I mean that looks like some classic 80s energy.
And you know there's skin there was some skin.
I'd say actually kind of reserved on the on the skin for
compared to some modern things but whatever.
Um oh shit the games are back man.
The games of squid.
Yeah man after that I might need Capri Sun man.
Y'all know what I mean.
I might need a stab a fucking sack man.
Capri Sun man.
God damn.
Okay look this is this is watching another traveling.
What?
Was this an ad during the Olympics?
Is that what's happening?
Damn.
December that's actually pretty fucking soon.
And then another season in 2025.
Wait there's actually more to the trailer.
I fucking thought it was over my bad.
Oh that was what was that was what was more into the trailer.
Okay I actually could have missed that part of the trailer.
No that was you in if you watched the whole thing it
would have felt like a surprise but I said you interrupted it.
Squid games is how healthcare will be decided by JD fans.
I don't know much about politics that does sound kind of fucking bad ass actually.
Have you seen the show?
Yeah you fucking game lot lot for death dude like healthcare is that like it's literally
life or death and so is squid games.
So like that's just what they call like vertebrae integration?
Vertical integration?
Yeah and like I'm pro integration like I've gone on the record
of saying that to like friends of all races.
I think actually just steer clear thinking about politics Trent.
No need you're good thanks dude I feel good.
All right let's see what else we got.
Kevin Smith's the 430 movie.
What?
All right I like his story about Superman fighting a spider and how that made it into one of my
favorite movies the flash so I'm actually like a Kevin Smith fan.
You're a fan of him because of the spider scene in the movie the flash.
That's a result of his one-man special?
Yeah I like that I like that from him.
All right whatever let's just see what this is.
She is unlike any nun you've ever met and she's got a secret.
How come the nuns were never secret hokers when we were in school?
Let's see what's under that wig.
Oh!
Say a prayer for sister sugar walls.
Whoa we've definitely seen that.
May 25th 1986 today is a big day.
Last summer I was too scared to ask out Melody Barnaget the raddest woman I ever met.
But this morning I invited her to the movies and she said okay seriously.
Uh hold on one second I'll see you at the 430 movie Melody Barnaget.
I'll see you at the 430 movie.
Oh shit he got in there dude.
Holy shit Billy Ida when's the white wedding?
I've been thinking about asking Melody out all year.
We made out in her pool last summer.
One time with your shirt on.
And you wonder why you don't get laid.
I don't get laid because I'm Catholic.
You will save seeds you get snacks.
You can't get them cut seas when they get back.
I'll tell my dad.
Don't care what you tell your dad little kid.
Dad he showed me his privates.
He did what?
You disgust me!
You three students are banned for life!
Fuck my left nuts!
Not today!
So much drama.
I thought we're supposed to be seeing a comedy.
We're the kids in America.
Oh my god!
Hoorah!
What the damn hell?
What about me?
Jesus Christ!
Most people come to movies to escape their lives.
But people like you come here because movies make life make sense.
You're the coolest girl I've ever met.
And all I want to do is watch movies with you.
Is that so?
Mom?
What the hell you do with sneaking into our rated movies?
You're in trouble Missy.
I'm terrified by what's about to happen.
What do you want to do?
Have sex and get pregnant.
I'm not a shower.
But that's what you need.
You remember Rocky Four?
Yeah.
When he just like punched him so hard.
Hammer at?
He's a climax.
He climaxed?
Sick.
Finally a movie about me dude.
Just fucking column chicks and then getting laid and like kind of hanging out with celebrities.
Well you know yeah I'm really glad that there's finally a movie to represent you Trent.
And you know, Kevin Smith is made.
Some greats and some confusing messes.
But I think that's actually kind of good you know.
You don't want to have a hundred percent batting average.
Literally nobody does.
And he's made some like weird steps here and there.
But I still I'm rooting for him you know.
Dogma is the best is his best movie.
What is his best movie?
Did he win an Oscar for chasing it?
Did he win an Oscar for chasing Amy?
I think he might have or at least got nominated.
Clerks has been a long time since I've seen Clerks.
I think he won it.
You know what actually that's correct.
Obviously he won an Oscar for cop out.
Oh yeah.
Well I forgot he won an Oscar for cop out.
Chasing Amy doesn't hold up.
I've not seen it ever.
And I have seen it and I cannot remember it.
So but I do remember at the time people being like can you imagine
bisexual, bisexual?
Can you imagine that existing?
And we were all surprised.
You were surprised that bisexuals existed?
Yeah well it's also kind of like an Easter egg at the end.
They're just suddenly bisexual at the end.
Doesn't sound right but all right.
It's all about trying to turn a lesbian straight?
Is that what it's about?
Probably.
I honestly can't remember at all.
But I know that at the time people were very impressed by something about it.
Probably that I think people just probably did at the time didn't
really register that as a weird thing.
I think it's commerce right.
I think bisexuality didn't actually exist until then.
Yeah Amy is bisexual and then one of the other characters kind of is at the end or something.
I don't remember it because I'm too young and I haven't seen it.
And I am old enough to have seen it and neither of us remember it.
So but anyway I'm hoping.
I also like that genre of movie just coming of age comedy movie.
What's the one that came out this year that I thought was kind of good?
It was more of like a farcical version of that.
Had the two lesbians that started wrestling club fight club lesbian fight club the teen movie.
I don't think it was called that.
I don't that does not sound right Chris.
Teen lesbian fighters bottoms.
That's what it was called.
Yeah that sounds way more right.
Are you okay?
Love lives bleeding.
One of those.
Well that's three trailers.
So that's all the time we have.
Yeah I'm getting the I'm getting the signal on my invisible apple watch that case actually has to go.
Okay well look I mean we'll do more trailers eventually and maybe in the meantime I'll watch
bottoms libel eating.
I would be careful googling that.
You might get into a genre you're not ready for.
I'm ready for fucking anything dude.
I was a bisexual before chasing Amy.
You're claiming to be bisexual your sexuality is confusing and unstated currently.
I don't know man I'll let you decide.
I'll let you decide.
That's not how that works I think.
Ah that's how that works for me.
Bottoms is weird.
It was weird I enjoyed it.
All right well as long as Chris liked it then that's all we need to know.
And all you need to know is that we watched three trailers.
Every single one of them was a hit.
And the hits keep coming because in fact you do know what it is.
Trent was too young for chasing Amy.
I think so at least what he's claiming.
I don't think he would have been born before it necessarily.
He's as young as he claims to be.
Okay I do think I gotta go.
I gotta go for the night.
Somebody had posted that someone tagged me in a Trump clip.
I think it might have been Uncle Phil.
So maybe we'll watch that then we get out here.
Sort of our moment of zen.
Or I guess the opposite of zen.
It's a Trump clip.
Let me see if I can find it real quick.
So much news I didn't get to.
Oh I could obviously show off the the darn polevolter but I'm guessing we've already seen it.
Maybe I can't find it.
Was it on Twitter?
I should cover the campaign's finance laws violation from the Aden Rothstream.
We technically saw it.
I don't know if he's that.
I doubt he would actually get in trouble for it.
I feel like he could just say he didn't accept the gift.
Oh here it is.
Let's see what Trump had to say.
In Minster, New Jersey.
All right.
Called me.
First of all he called me a few times.
He called me after the event and he said that was really amazing.
He was very brave and you know and he actually announced he's not going to
support a Democrat because he can't because he respected me for what I did that day.
I think what I did maybe was a norm to me it was a normal response.
But I was called by Mark Zuckerberg yesterday the day before on this same subject.
And he actually apologized.
He said they made a mistake etc etc and they're correcting the mistake.
Google nobody called from Google.
One of the things like doing a show like yours, your show you know you see it on Fox.
But what you really see it is all over the place.
They take clips of your show that you're doing right now with me.
And if I do a good job they're going to vote for me.
They're going to vote for me because it's not just on Fox.
It's on Fox is a smaller part of it.
You're on all over this.
There's little beautiful cell phones.
You're on you're all over the place.
You have a product.
You have a great product.
You have a great brand.
So you have to get out.
You have to get out.
You have to do things like your show and other shows.
And Google has been very bad.
They've been very irresponsible.
And I have a feeling that Google is going to be close to shutdown
because I don't think Congress is going to take it.
I really don't think so.
Google has to be careful.
Now I will say this.
I believe Mark Zuckerberg.
He called me so he called me a lot.
They are working and I think they fixed it.
But what kind he's not doing what he did four years ago
with the $500 million I don't believe.
You knew what he was saying?
He made as much sense to me as any human language because I'm a dog.
I think what he's trying to say is give me cheese.
That's what you got out of that?
I think he wants cheese.
And I agree.
I want it too.
What about all the stuff about Google?
I don't know.
Why did he bring up Mark Zuckerberg?
I don't know.
And what was even the subject?
What about that cheese?
He didn't bring that up.
I think he did if he listened to the subject.
Okay.
Well, that's all the time we have for today.
Let's send it to someone else.
Jesslyn, thank you so much.
But Pito should be.
Whoa.
I feel good now.
That cheese really got me going.
Man, I feel real good.
I feel really good now.
Yeah.
Oh.
Pito take it easy.
Oh god, he ran right over here.
Oh, that's cheese.
Pito, you can't just constantly eat cheese.
I swear you're wrong, man.
I feel good.
That's a weird thing to do with energy.
All right, let me see who's on.
He is cheesing it up.
Gina's on.
Great news, everybody.
Gina's online.
That's a little rare for Pito.
Okay.
Well, we're rating Gina.
That's all the time we got for today.
Thanks for hanging out.
I should be able to stream a little earlier tomorrow,
as the hope, I guess we'll see.
This is messed up, man.
They said they wanted to see me wrap to end the stream.
I didn't have time for that, JD.
I mean, I could do it real quick if you want.
You guys like to see that?
I think we're just out of time, so.
I hip, hip hop.
The GOP don't stop.
We're good, JD.
False.
It's just an open offer.
Pussy's so soft that I bust it out.
I'll put it in, baby.
Smooth link.
Were you about to run with Coach?
No.
Let me try again.
I'm in the sack.
You know, I ain't no slouch.
Pull out my, pull out my stack and I jam it in the,
you were rhyming towards Coach again.
That's all the time we have.
Oh, now that's all the time we have.
Okay.
Well, thanks, everybody.
We'll be back on tomorrow.
Gina has been rated.
It's not the secret stream.