We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Let's do this.
I'm a Pito.
Hello, everybody.
Case pointing with cards in hands is super cool.
I can do it all day long.
All I have is these Altoids.
But I can do it.
Altoids.
Good to see you while AppleTaple junked on gearless Joe.
Nomad, Greg, to you.
Superbeast.
Jay, money, psychor.
Look at all of these legends of the game.
The game of life in chat.
Be Grendel, of course.
Great to see you.
Guys, we're sponsored now.
We're like a month or two while Fiona's out.
Well, just not screaming.
I'm doing this heart audio thing.
So currently, we are sponsored by Heart Audio.
If you're confused and already thought I was, only sort of.
But now we fully are.
He even sent me his spokesperson, the Heart Audio Cable,
to talk to.
Who's here?
In the dark future, there is only audio.
For even a chance to, what the f?
I'm trying to pitch this.
In the dark future, there's only audio,
is what I was trying to say.
So for if you want even a chance to survive,
go to heartaudiocable.com in the dark future of $39.99.
To even stand a chance, you'll need high quality audio.
Got rid of my panthers, man.
I'm warning you.
I mean $39.99, I don't think we're going to be around.
Well, you also need it now, and you'd be surprised.
So I'm Heart Audio Cable.
From the future, just go to the website.
It's good.
I agree.
It's good.
It is good.
We should go.
I don't know if I got the best spokesperson.
Oh my god.
I'm pretty good.
OK, yeah, you're fine.
Is he Casey's son from the future?
Are you my son?
No.
We look a little alike.
I'm not you.
All right, good enough for me.
Large Marge sent you.
Baby.
Thank you also to Microphone 900 for the 750 bits.
Someone asked for animated emotes,
so I just changed the goal to that.
I will make a bunch of animated emotes.
Once we get to 7, sorry, 30, whatever, 30, whatever.
Use the internet.
All right, I'll use it.
Let's do a story to start off like usual,
and then we will get down to some hot and heavy internet.
I'm on too many platforms.
Well, secretly, the only platform I'm on
where people chat is Twitch chat.
But I also get a feed of all of the chats.
So if anybody chats on any of them, I'll see it.
I'll see everything.
Pepito, how are you doing today?
I'm pretty good.
You finished my theme.
I didn't combine the track with the instrumental yet,
but I will.
Finished my theme.
OK.
Do it.
I will.
Never let us off your pedestal, off of our pedestal.
Twitch chat's on the pedestal.
You're also the only ones that can vote any of the polls.
It's a poll-based system.
Junk Dog flying over to YouTube to type an 07.
Be Grendel challenging me from YouTube.
Will you read this?
I refuse to read it, Be Grendel, so joke's on you.
Eyes purple, crying face.
Well, yes, I'm not going to read it.
Well, yes, on YouTube, you can at least type out the emotes.
I probably should make YouTube emotes.
I just don't think anybody's watching live on YouTube, really.
Outside of maybe one or two people.
If you are watching live on YouTube, though, thank you.
Or if you're Be Grendel who's watching live on both.
Just open me in eight tabs, please.
Pop open your Instagram.
Or open that YouTube.
Like and retweet.
The weirdest one I'm on is Twitter.
Dave Marr?
They see?
I told you I can see all the chatters across all the platforms.
Dave Marr in Twitter.
Check out Dave Marr, a very funny comedian,
and among other things from Chicago.
He does a great podcast, which Dave,
I know the gist of your podcast,
and yet I don't want to say the wrong name.
This is your afterlife.
There you go.
Check out this is your afterlife.
Dave Marr's podcast.
Got a Patreon as well.
So if you like it, look in, baby.
Come on your podcast.
I'll happily come on your podcast.
Let me know.
This is your afterlife.
Did I say wrong?
It's literally right in front of me, so I hope I didn't.
But anyway, this is your afterlife.
Do check it out.
Dave Marr is great.
All right.
I guess let's do a news.
Let's look at a news.
I keep, you know, forcing you to listen to me talk about Israel.
As I'm so eminently, you know,
reliable to talk about actual world events.
I guess let's just keep doing that.
Too many white guys recently,
but in the next couple of weeks,
I won't help with the white guy problem, unfortunately.
So space me out as needed.
Just let me know when you find,
when your white guy quota finally ticks down
and you can fill it back up.
There isn't a podcast case won't come on.
You know, I would kind of like to go on one of those podcasts
where it's like eight guys or like three guys
just hating six women they've paid to be there.
They pay six like hot women.
We've seen those podcasts on this channel.
It's like a room full of like six Instagram models
and three of the worst guys on the planet.
I want to go in as an undercover Instagram model.
So I guess I would go in any podcast in the right context.
You ever heard of Adam Corolla?
Oh, be sure to email me any of those details shape shifter.
Email me all the Adam Corolla podcast details, please.
Eight guys in a cup.
That's not a bad name for a podcast.
Undercover.
That could be my gimmick undercover case.
I go undercover and I could just pose as celebrities to get
on various podcasts.
I don't think they'll make the air though once they realize
it's, you know, definitely not me.
Am I actually reading this chat though?
Andrew, I see it and I'm saying it out loud.
But no, I'm not.
Sorry, it's a trick.
It is a trick though.
All right, I'm going to send it to some news.
We'll do a little news and then we'll use the internet
because we're on the internet.
We may as well finally use it.
Great to see everybody.
It's your favorite co-host, Rick Triple.
Rick, I know I can be a little mean, but you're my least favorite.
What?
That's such an awful way to welcome me to the show.
It's just you threaten me to come on every time.
You say, I'll throw you in the haig.
Yeah, a lot of people don't even know that's still a thing,
but it is.
I will throw you in there if you don't let me on.
But it's great to see all of you.
I'm Rick Triple.
I'm your CIA co-worker.
You're all our co-workers, actually.
You might not realize you're our co-workers,
but believe me, we're working with all of you every day.
That's great, Rick.
Anyway, I'm guessing you needed some actual expertise
to talk about some serious news.
I'll take care of the serious.
Why don't you take care of the shutting the hell up?
I'm giving it back to you today.
I do set a bad tone by being so aggressive with all my co-hosts.
You really do.
But I'm going to lighten the mood with, oopsie, I'm not.
Instead of doing that, I'm actually going to not lighten the mood at all.
Instead, we'll talk about endless tensions and death in the Middle East.
But that doesn't mean we can't smile through it.
Yeah, it does.
Oh, I shouldn't smile?
Not if you're talking about this.
Shoot.
Do we talk about how divorced I look?
Ding, ding, ding.
Third time's the charm.
I just got my third divorce.
You mean the third divorce is going to be the best one?
I'm going through it right now.
It's sort of a CIA tradition that we drink a lot and we divorce a lot.
And they really go hand in hand.
Geez, Rick, all right.
Oh, geez, Rick, I've never heard that before.
Israel will defend itself, Netanyahu says, as West calls for restraint.
And I would just, I hate to be a broken record here, but I would just like to point out that we continue to be the good guys in these headlines.
So maybe just admit that we're the good guys.
This is courtesy of writers, by the way.
And I don't know if that makes us the good guy, Rick.
Well, then who is the people getting?
Well, that does make you, well, I don't even want to get into that, Rick.
Okay, Israel will make its own decisions about how to defend itself, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Wednesday,
as Western countries pleaded for restraint in responding to a volley of attacks from Iran.
The United States European Union and G7 group of industrialized nations all announced plans to consider tighter sanctions on Iran.
Seen as aimed.
Don't burp during this kind of thing.
You have really weird snacks here.
It's not my fault that there's a very strange spread of snacks.
You know, pretzels and peanut butter?
That's Peter's fault. I didn't put out stuff like that.
It's just a big bowl of peanut butter and a ton of pretzels.
And obviously I ate them, but now it's doing stuff to my stomach, so sorry.
Can we focus, please?
Oh, okay.
Seen as aimed at molifying Israel and persuading it to rein in its retaliation for the first ever direct Iranian strike after decades of confrontation by proxy.
I've got to head out to work soon, but I've got to have this running at the very least.
Thank you, Gamer Nerd, for allowing the CIA into your hearts.
No, he's watching my show, not the CIA.
Well, now he's watching officially state-sponsored CIA propaganda channel. Barely informed news.
It's not going to be effective propaganda if you call it that and we're not.
Oh.
I was just trying to help you.
I'm trying to give you like a catchy tagline for your thing.
Really, there are no good guys just exploited people in power dynamics.
Well, in that sense, I think it's important to point out, Pete Grendel, that we're not the bad guy.
So give the administration and the government a little bit of credit.
No, they say there are no good guys. That doesn't make you not the bad guy.
There's no good guy, so how could I be the bad guy?
Or we.
Okay.
I just would like to, I just, I, you know, I think I'm making great points.
You think that?
Yeah, I do.
Israel says it must retaliate to preserve the credibility of its deterrence.
Iran says it views the matter as closed, but will retaliate against Israel if it does.
Israel's Air Force said late on Wednesday its fighter jets had struck the terrorist infrastructure of Iran back Hezbollah in eastern Lebanon,
stoking concerns about a further escalation in clashes across Israel's northern border.
Earlier in Netanyahu, met the German and British foreign ministers who both traveled to Israel as part of a coordinated push
to keep confrontation between Israel and Iran from escalating into a regional conflict,
a regional conflict fueled by the Gaza war.
And I think we have a video.
We have a video.
I think we have a video.
Can we throw to the video?
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Wednesday that, quote,
we will make our own decisions and the state of Israel will do everything necessary to defend itself.
After coming under attack by a volley of Iranian missiles and drones last weekend,
Western countries pleading for restraint have dispatched their top diplomats to Jerusalem.
Best of the best.
German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbach said Berlin stood in full solidarity with Israel,
but warned the region must not, quote,
step by step slide into a situation with a totally unpredictable outcome.
It's right to be here in Israel today to show solidarity after that appalling attack by Iran.
U.K. Foreign Secretary David Cameron said he expected an Israeli response to Iran,
hoping it would be limited.
It's clear the Israelis are making a decision to act.
We hope they do so in a way that does as little to escalate this as possible
and in a way that, as I said yesterday, is smart as well as tough.
Smart and tough.
The Iranian attack on Saturday included cruise missiles, ballistic missiles and explosive drones.
They were mostly shot down by Israel and its allies and caused no deaths.
Iran said the bombardment was retaliation for a presumed Israeli strike
that killed senior Iranian military figures in a diplomatic compound in Damascus earlier in April.
A mochenonche regime estro il.
Following the attack, Iran's foreign minister warned Israel against reprisals,
saying, quote, it will definitely face a decisive and harsh response.
Washington says it is planning to impose new sanctions,
targeting Iran's missile and drone programs in coming days and expects its allies will follow suit.
EU leaders are due to discuss sanctions at a summit in Brussels,
and sanctions are also on the agenda at G7 Talks in Italy.
Well, there you have it.
Very measured responses.
They attacked Israel out of nowhere, and honestly, they're being so chill about it.
Out of nowhere, Israel blew up an embassy.
They blew up their embassy in a different country.
Not in Israel.
Yeah, but I mean, are we really going to be that upset over a spilled embassy?
Don't cry over spilled embassies.
Yes, they will.
Well, I mean, does it seem, Rick, in your highly professional opinion,
like where this is likely to escalate further?
Oh, um, ah, that's your official response.
That is the White House's official response and the CIA's.
Um, it's not too useful.
Well, I think what's important here is to note that, um,
they said they're taking care of this themselves.
Israel's going to do what they want.
That's what they said, you know, and when a teenager's acting out,
sometimes you got to let them figure it out themselves.
And you'd, you'd let them figure that out by giving them a car,
tons of drugs, um, or maybe in this case, you know,
unlimited weapons.
And you say, make some mistakes, really find yourself.
And that's what we're doing right now with Israel.
We need to let Israel find itself.
We've given it the keys and just said we're leaving for the weekend.
Don't have a party.
So they'll figure it out.
Jesus Christ, right?
Okay.
Uh, well, you know, that pretty much covers it actually.
I think it's important not to think about this.
I've said it before.
Just don't think about this stuff too much.
We'll take care of it.
We're taking care of it.
It doesn't seem like you're taking care of it.
We're taking care of it.
So just ease back, relax.
Do Dick's stories, case.
That's, that's your strong suit.
That is my strong suit.
That, but.
All right.
All right.
You do have a point there.
I do have a point there.
And just remember that, you know, I do have a point there.
And, uh, don't, don't make any pointed comments and don't point
any fingers and everything will probably point in the right
direction.
So until then, uh, you know, you brought me back a little
sooner than you need to.
Don't talk about this for another two or three months.
Take it easy.
And we'll see you all sooner than I'd like.
Okay.
Are they not invested in when we got my Rick voice on?
Are they not invested in preempting mass casualty events?
Uh, who, who's the, who's the they in that?
My guess is it's unfortunately probably not given the,
given the days in the news lately.
At the paper, Biden signed that establishes the official
stance of, ah, yeah.
It's one of my best, it's one of the best Biden speeches
when he got up there and for 20 minutes was just like,
listen, Jack.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Oh, you put that in two comments.
Why didn't the CIA shut down Grimes performance?
Okay.
Now that makes a lot of that doesn't make sense.
We were going to talk about that today too.
But I think first it's important that we use the
internet.
Um, who do I feel like using the internet with today?
I've been using it with, you've been using it with
everyone's favorite host, Peter Gibbon.
And no, but who's better to be on the internet than the
internet's favorite internet celebrity, Peter Gibbon.
With Jojo Siwa, I wish I had Jojo Siwa.
Well, you can't get Jojo Siwa.
You can get me, Peter Gibbon.
Okay.
Well, let's, um, bring on Peter to use some internet.
The classic internet.
Let's see what, let's see what, uh, let's see what the
Discord has in store for us.
I submit myself to the Discord, to the Discord of
Humanity and the app where there's links to
various fun internet videos that I, and I do think
maybe you just give me this segment case.
No.
You're a placeholder until I figure out something else
to do this with.
Ow.
Ow.
Sorry.
Okay.
Well, um, you've been sharing your videos.
I'm going to start from the bottom and scroll my way up.
Started from the bottom scrolling up.
And, uh, oh my God.
A dog safety video from the United States Postal Service?
Is this, is this real?
Let's check it out.
I'm curious.
What the hell?
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
No.
What's wrong with these dogs?
Oh my, no.
Oh my God.
What?
Are they going to rip a, a limbs off?
This could have been prevented.
What?
Never run from a dog.
Stand your ground and face the dog.
Use your satchel to protect yourself.
Oh my God.
This is so intense.
Always carry dog repellent and make sure you can get to it
quickly.
Dogs could be loose along your route.
So never wear headphones.
Never.
You'll be able to hear potential threats coming.
Always be vigilant and aware of your surroundings
while walking your route.
She was listening to an absolute bang at ShapeShifter.
Mike, I didn't know there were that many vicious dogs
wandering very benign suburban neighborhoods.
They look like a pretty upscale neighborhood.
They have vicious dogs just wandering around,
but you never know.
Did they have collars on?
Were those supposed to be strays?
Honestly, in the second part, they kind of look like good boys.
And here he's chilled out.
Oh, I don't think he has a collar on.
I guess that's supposed to be a wandering nomad dog.
The Upset workers I see are on their Bluetooth headset
chatting with somebody.
All the USPS workers.
Definitely.
I mean, it's possible you could get attacked by a dog,
I guess, when you're in enough neighborhoods.
But I don't think you're going to keep people do it
from listening to headphones while they just have to
fucking drive around a city all day.
No case.
That's so unsafe.
This is a smart video.
This is actually this.
I live in the walls of this studio.
And please get out of them.
I live in the walls of this studio.
And you have to do the same thing with wall rats.
You stand to your ground.
You back away slowly.
And you hold out your wall satchel kit
that you used to survive in the wall.
And if you stand to your ground,
the wall rats will back off.
Despite this, some of them are bigger than those dogs.
What?
You got some big rats in those walls.
You.
You're the biggest rat in that wall.
Okay.
Okay.
Take it.
Okay, we do have fun, but take it easy.
They probably use the same video for getting attacked
by people.
I'm not well with standing your ground against.
Well.
Oh, yeah.
Standing your ground.
Well, yeah.
I guess that's a, that's a strategy.
Hmm.
Backing away slow.
I think with people, you kind of have to,
you have to pull up your phone and say,
I'm recording you.
And depending on the person,
if it's more of a world star situation that will aggravate it.
If it's sort of a crazy white person,
that'll usually calm it down.
Is that your official stance, Peter?
That's my official Peter Gibbons stance.
How to defend yourself in street situations.
Let's watch some, some highlights of the Grimes Coachella set.
Is that how you say that?
Is it cokella?
Kellogg's Coachella.
I've never been able to go.
I just can't find anybody to go with.
It already happened.
I wonder what you'd be doing around this time next year.
Could be really busy.
I guess we'll just have to see.
Okay, I'll take that as a strong,
maybe yes.
Well, just could we watch the video?
Okay, I guess we can.
Let's see what we got.
What the fuck?
They're still on her side.
Really? Never?
Well, then that's fair.
Just hit the play button?
Look at that one lightning bolt.
Oh, ouch, this hurts.
She did already say that.
How is she still on the crowd on her side?
Oh my god, there's six minutes to this?
This is rough.
And that's coming from me.
Oh wait, fuck.
I'm also starting cues one second.
Oh my god.
One second.
Holy shit.
How are they still cheering?
That is a supportive crowd.
This is actually not my fault.
But I won't actually get responsibility for it, regardless.
This is kind of brutal.
Can you show you my rage right now?
Guys, I guess I think we have to watch all six minutes of this.
This kind of thing makes me so uncomfortable, but I'm curious.
Oh no.
Okay, the cheers are dying down a little bit.
Those are double speed, and I...
I know this happened over the weekend, I had not watched this yet.
But I am going to...
I am going to handle this.
Dude, this is how I sound when like, none of my assets will load.
But I'm doing a Twitch stream, and there's not like,
80,000 people watching me live in the room with me.
What does that make any sense?
What the fuck?
That time that was actually me.
Is what she's saying, does that make any sense?
Why would her tracks be playing at double the tempo?
Okay, she's winning them back.
Okay, y'all. Any more songs?
I just want to say, in the very classic crime fashion...
Ugh!
She brought the files an hour before showtime.
I mean, that doesn't sound like a smart idea, but...
Still, why would they be playing at double tempo?
It is my fault.
I also don't really take responsibility.
Yes, I should not have done that.
However, I'm going to play a bunch of new music now.
Just at this point, just like, pull out an iPod and play your...
Pull out an old-school iPod and play your music off that.
This is one of my favorite artists.
I love Drum and Bass.
Because of the technical difficulties we're having,
I cannot tell...
Why is her band playing the music twice as fast?
She should just quickly call out a whole band.
I'm going to use my ear and try to make it work.
Really, you would be better off just playing shit off your phone.
I think the audience might be less likely to rebel.
Get on the Coachella Bluetooth.
It's currently reading 134, and I know it's 173, so...
Oh no!
This could be cray, but let me...
I get where she's coming from in the sense of,
sometimes when shit's really not working,
your brain just needs to say it out loud.
But, oh my god.
I hope she's on something.
It might make this...
I wonder if that would make this situation better or worse for her.
Is she gonna say that?
Yeah!
Dude, I think the Crouch is probably...
I would absolutely be, like,
moving towards this stage once I heard how poorly it was going.
It's so great how she's also surrounded by, like,
just an army of extremely expensive stage lights.
It's the one grime song I like.
Holy shit, that was impressive.
I mean...
You know...
I think she gave it her best shot.
She was having technical difficulties to...
I say, good job.
You say, good job?
You know, she tried to make
apple sauce out of some spoiled apples.
That just sounds disgusting.
It wouldn't be good to have apple sauce out of spoiled apples.
Well, look, do you know how to DJ?
No, I'm not DJing.
I'm not at Coachella DJing.
Someone in chat said they knew the issue she was dealing with,
but I just don't...
I fundamentally don't understand.
Here's a fun story for me.
I once auditioned for SNL,
I was doing a ShockJot character
where I was, like, triggering some sound effects live,
but all my sound effects got pitched up
so they were playing at double speed.
So I was supposed to play, like, a fart,
but it'd be like...
Anyway, I just did the bit anyway.
It didn't really work.
I also didn't get on SNL you might have noticed.
But I think if I had just, like,
tried to do the bit for, like, another hour,
I think the audience would have had the right to boo me.
But they didn't boo you as is.
I don't need SNL.
Well, I don't...
I don't need...
I guess I don't need it.
I also definitely had the option to be on it.
So I'll just call it a wash either way.
Well, all right, you know,
I feel like I could be on it.
Yeah.
You know what, Peter?
You probably could.
I feel like I could make a couple calls probably be on it.
I'm not Michael Shea.
Uh...
Uh...
He's got a kind of a Michael Shea vibe.
No, I don't.
That's not an insult to him.
I just don't.
Okay.
Way funnier than any SNL bit I've seen.
Well, if you're talking about the Grimes thing,
I'd agree with that for sure.
That was pretty fascinating.
You know,
she probably should have been better at DJing, I guess.
Yes, obviously she should have probably been better at DJing.
It might not be her fault.
It sounds like it's her fault.
Either way,
I don't know.
There was no,
there was no saving her.
She was up there all alone.
It really had
just like a tech,
like a techie interrupting the show energy.
Well, though, that's only six minutes.
I don't know how long the set was.
Maybe that's a relatively light.
It'd be,
I just, I'm imagining a Grimes DJ set,
something I don't think I'd already want to be at.
And after every song she stops to go,
we're having some difficulties.
Brazilian woman arrested after talking,
taking corpse to sign bank loan.
What?
I don't know,
but let's use the internet a little bit more
and then maybe we have to check that out.
It's a little,
it's a little dark potentially, but,
you know,
that's the power of headlines.
If they're okay enough,
you can't help but look at them.
Yeah,
that's why the,
their headlines,
their lines,
they're in your head.
I know that Peter.
Okay.
So no, but,
okay, whatever.
Let's use the internet.
Credit for Daggett for finding this incredible piece of
shodden froid.
Oh, that was the,
that was the montage we just watched.
Well, credit to Daggett then
for finding us that video.
This next one's coming courtesy
of live and sleep.
Let me see if I can full screen it real quick.
Oh my gosh.
I just,
sorry, I'm just,
I'm having a couple,
I'm just having a couple of technical difficulties.
Sorry,
just let me see if I can full screen this next video.
Sorry,
I'm just having a couple of technical difficulties.
But I really want to full screen this next video.
Peter, just do it.
I, well,
oh,
oh shoot,
the audio is playing with this.
Oh no.
Shoot.
I look,
this isn't entirely my fault.
Shoot.
Ow.
I want to play the,
Peter, just play a different video.
I want to play this.
Shoot.
Oh no, that's the story from,
that's about,
oh gosh, that's about Israel and,
Nelson,
I don't want to talk about that.
Shoot.
Never,
that's a different video.
Shoot.
Shoot.
Peter,
can you please just play any video?
Can you play any video?
Okay.
This is Mike Tyson.
This is Mike Tyson.
Hmm.
He looks great.
He does look great for a 57 year old.
That it's important to point out that he does look great for a 57 year old.
Um,
a little worried about the stiffness of his body,
given that he's about to fight a 30 year old.
Um,
but you know,
I guess what can you do?
He's got to do it.
What, are you taking Paul in the next fight?
I think he could,
I mean, I'm not saying he can't,
he is at an age where I'm,
I don't think it's entirely safe to be boxing.
I still think he could easily,
well, not easily necessarily,
but I still think he could beat Jake Paul.
If he lands one decent punch on Paul,
Jake might die.
I mean, that's my feeling.
And that is my feeling too.
I'm just a little concerned that the ravages of time,
you know,
no one can entirely escape those and
he is showing some signs of them,
but I would certainly rather have him win.
Yeah.
I mean,
two noted,
uncontroversial figures,
just having a box on.
We're all,
where are the winners here?
That's a good noise though.
I do want to,
if I need to start making that noise
when I do anything physical,
I already might actually kind of make that noise
when I stand up.
Boxing,
I would prefer boxing if it was like pro wrestling.
Seeing as I watch pro wrestling and not boxing.
I've seen the clips of him practicing boxing.
He can still move.
I mean,
if he's in even like,
if he's at 60% of his peak,
I feel like he will absolutely crush Jake Paul.
If he's at 20%,
then it's more of a maybe.
You make the noise while you're brushing your teeth.
You never have to go to the dentist.
There's a pro tip for all of us.
All right, let's check out this next one.
I'm never clean and I look crazy sometimes.
They think I do crack.
I'm cracking up.
I'm cracking my lips.
Cracked the code people were confused about my嗎
last post cuz I showed this cabin.
And this dog built this one from my camera man,
Jelsie Ross.
The sauce box.
I'm still living in this bad boy.
Got who?
I'll start it back,
I look crazy sometimes they think I do crack.
I'm cracking up on cracking eggs,
my lips cracked got crack the code people were confused
about my past post because I showed this cabin.
And this dog built this one from my camera man,
Jesse Ross,
the sauce boss.
I'm still living in this bad boy who go.
Oh, but there's one's looking sick or what?
Oh, baby shelves, what?
Bears are gonna come out of hibernation soon and I got two little puppy dogs
So I keep my spear on me way more often now. I'm never clean and I look crazy sometimes they think I do crack
I'm cracking up
Well, he seems like a nice young man
Um, yeah, that's uh at will survives and he's out here surviving
He's surviving for sure. You see that spear those dogs. There's two puppy dogs. Yeah
He'll use those puppies to survive
Oh my god, what the fuck is that? Okay, that one. I'm not
But I'm not gonna make you guys watch
That one will just uh, we'll pass on that particular one
It was a guy screaming in case you're
All right, this is courtesy of live and sleazy
This seems to be someone powering the fuck up
Let's see how it goes
No, she's not going into another set. Oh my god. She's super Senate
No drop
What the fuck there's no drop there
This is wild. How did that song build up there? There was no drop
I'm never clean and I look crazy sometimes they think I do crap
Well, no notes. I mean when you see an athlete in peak form
Um and and peak condition
She was going she was going ultra instinct. Yes, absolutely
She didn't even have to think about those movements. They just happen naturally without effort
Done done done done marjorie taylor ultra instinct
Peak january 6th form
That's not even her final form. All right, let's see
Kanye West click featuring big shong and jz
Wait, isn't this an older isn't this an older thing?
I mean, I can't just play a full Kanye West song but I do appreciate that that's in this list of videos
All right, what's this lady's deal?
Damn, I have to give peter some credit for some reason it won't let me full screen
videos directly off of um
directly off of this which is a little annoying
But I'm not going to grimes it instead. I'm going to provide solutions for the people
See what this thing's deal is
What the fuck lady's looking upset
Hey, how are you doing? I'm here at Mar-a-Lago
Supporting harry lake and it was a fantastic evening and our trump is here being the dj
And I've just danced and everyone's amazed
So I'm just going to say to you
Please drop out of college because it's going to ruin your lives
Do me a favor drop out. They don't teach you nothing good
Uh email me or twitter me or whatever you call me and I'll help you with your life
But you've got to get out of college because it isn't nothing but devil worshiping baby blood drinking democrat donors
Whoa, look at that photo in the background wait a minute. Look at this
What
Do people already know
That's a thing. Am I late to this party?
I did a lot wrong with this video
but
That painting
Layers to this
Well, yeah, I mean she's wearing
She's wearing like a she's wearing a distressed
Silver medallion or something
um
Yes
She's wearing a beaded necklace ending in a bent silver pendant of some sort. She's got a
Big ass glass of wine stuffed with some yellow piss wine
She's in her full-on
Call me now psychic uh look with this trump thing in the background. She's right in front of the buffet
I'd like to point out too. She's blocking access to the buffet to make this video
And obviously everything she's saying
Is next level
My class is fucking huge
I mean, how could you I know people like I understand that people are like biden is too old
But some of his biggest detractors
They sound exactly like him
In the sense of being able to form sentences it really feels like
It feels like everyone in proximity of power is constantly sundowning
But man that trump painting that's like that's a kevin. That's a kevin level
Uh kevin with a crown on style painting
Roseanne's always been insane a little bit and I think when she was younger and she could kind of hold it together
It came off as like tough man western
But as it ages and becomes less coherent, it really is just the ramblings
of of a crazy
Wine god
I'm beginning to feel like a wine god
Uh dank sauce. Thank you so much for uh forcing my brother who's not good who's not case's brother
Uh into the news
He's officially conscripted
She was in a car accident at the fuck drop family. That's too bad
I mean, you know
I'm still I'll admit still kind of a fan of the roseanne show
It's sort of it does it reminds me of like visiting my friends families in chicago
so
She'll always have that but yeah, unfortunately
She does seem to be uh, she's going feral
I've been playing Fallout 4 and I she she has become ghoul and is going feral unfortunately
Yeah, I hate to see that from your favorite celebrity personalities when they become ghoul and go feral
Yeah, it's a tragedy. It could happen to any of us. It looks like it's happening to you but in reverse
You're bloating out
But you still could go I mean you're living in a wall
Guilty as charged. I think she looks good. It looks thin
exactly
good
If I lose weight, I would look like trump on the wall there
A stud you're thinking he looks like a stud there. I mean you got to admit
You got to at least admit
Oopsie that he looks like a stud
Is that the right word for it
Stud no, I'd love to look like that you
Like a
Like a romance novel that somebody just fucked up like a first dress romance novel cover
That's the male dream. That's male excellence
Uh, I'm not a trump supporter. I just call a spade a spade and when I see a handsome man
I'm like am I looking in the mirror. Oh no, that's somebody else. All right, peter. Let's do two more. Okay. Let's do two more
I'm using the internet with my best friend
Heads up communists. Uh, this is a message to all you communists. So if you happen to be one case
I don't mind you calling me a communist
He admit it. Um
Oh my gosh
Sorry, let's get this queued up. All right, let's see
This is a little thing called the rodeo. Okay. This is what we do in america
Man against beast trying to say who's the best Caesar to modern-day gladiators, brother
This is what george washington was talking about when he invented the land of the free back
They rolled straight back into
It just feels like a joke. It feels like he's doing a character that can't but is I guess he's not
Is that a real thing that a guy made?
To try to speak to the communists
Yeah
Are you listening? I listened. I listened
I don't know what I learned
I learned that I'd got to go to the rodeo. I've never been you've never been to the rodeo
It has it had a very yeah, I had a little bit of a fake energy to it
But I you know at this point I can't tell I can't tell
We just saw how rosanna is doing
So why should we assume that anybody?
Isn't taking themselves seriously, you know, let's end it off
You also want to go to a rodeo zander?
Let's cream rodeo. Oh, I could make feel to go to a rodeo with me probably
I might start trying to do some more iral streams again with me. That does sound kind of fun. Um
Although I don't know what rodeos aren't time
But maybe we'll figure it out in the meantime. Here's a place. I've been to
A lot unless it's disney world, but I've been to disneyland a lot lucky
Yeah, lucky me. Uh, let's see what's going on. All right
What happened?
What happened?
Their bowels fall out
Oh, she danced her pants right off
Run off this fairy
She danced her little bloomers off
What those kids could see a full-on mini upskirt. Look how high up she is
Man, that's that shit right there. That's fucked up. I was about to say that I don't like to curse
But that right there is fucked up
That's some real
Jesus christ, Peter. That's Minnie Mouse. You don't have to talk about her that way
I just was making a joke about how her
About how we want to grab
Old bag of s***. All right, you're banned. What we got to stop now because of how you're being
Just doing
You're banned
Get out of here Peter. Okay. Okay. I'll get out of here
I can read the room. I'll get out of here
But thank you all I'll be back. You're banned. I'll be back and until that I'll be in the wall
So just know I'm watching. I'm always watching. See you soon
unacceptable behavior
I do need to I have an anti-peter. I'm supposed to
crag
He's already in the building. I can't keep him out. He's already in
He's out. What is wrong with this place?
What is wrong with this place?
All right, Papino you holding up. All right over there, buddy. Yeah
I know he's good
That's true
What is scrump confetti stopping by the studio? Oh, yeah crumbs cousin
I uh
I don't know
But you know what we haven't checked in with munch and crumb in a bit. So I guess let's do that
You know their their battle continues
The scores are locked
Have they've been kind of in a dead heat recently?
But we're only a couple away from uh crumb potentially taking over the whole game
It's got a rehearsal cancel. That's time back for case blackwell
Okay, um, let's send it over there. It's time for munch and crumb
Every time it's so loud
Good to see all of you
Taking a couple days off feeling fresh feeling rejuvenated
Which is crazy that I could even feel that way because i'm already so on top of my game at all times
The idea of me being even better is frankly frightening and I know who should definitely be scared this fucking wet
Sack of flour next to me, but it can't make bread instead. All it makes is is um
is
It makes shit is crumb
Sorry showing as usual. You're don't fucking skinwalk me. Sorry showing as usual
Attempt to to base me during your intro. Uh consider it failed
It makes yeast infections that would have been a solid burn card king
But someone can't think fast enough probably because i'm in their head rent free
Since uh since 2023
I'm only a couple points away five points five five five dollar fuck you
Don't debase the subway song with your cruelty my cruelty you constantly like I have to point the show
You tell me to die every day that'll never stop and someday you will
You know broken clock
Which you are will eventually be right and that'll be the time of death
Anyone ever ask y'all about uh your lives off the show like uh, how things came back at crumb how things how things back at crumb bucket
Uh, they're a missus munch cut. You know lore
Um, well, I mean I have a beautiful wife
Boy, you belulia
For god, that's your wife's name belulia. It's so hard to say
I'm not coming after your wife. She puts up with enough being married to you
Obviously she made a mistake
But you know, I'm not gonna hold. I'm not gonna hold uh you against her
She probably I already had to deal with that at least twice because you have kids
You know you holding you against her. Oh that is a fucking poor belulia
poor belulia
Crumb would you swap wives for a day? I'm unmarried
I mean you can swap any woman to me and I will show her what a real man looks like
I'm sure
I mean
I'm not gonna I don't want you know, I'm a gentleman and I'm not gonna speak of belulia that way
Well, at least for once you can show an ounce of decorum and not
um
Not rant and rave against my beloved wife belulia
The big being single versus being married single. I'm sorry. No. Well, okay. I guess yeah, if we have a mind that doesn't mind making that
Marriage is a sacred institution that actually provides a sense of purpose and uh, you can't even think of anything
It provides a sense of purpose to life
Stop fucking skin walking me
Your evil wizard tricks so you admit that I'm a wizard
No, I I don't admit that you're a wizard. You're uh, you're not a wizard, but you are harry
Only on your ass fucking harry ass all of the hair on your body migrated specifically to there
How much sex are you having crumb? I'm not gonna answer that
Uh, I have none. I'm having more than none. This dude never fucks. Look at him
Look at him. He came out
He came out looking like a baby and his face never changed
Go go make the poll. I don't know if we have a mod in today. Um
okay
I don't mind making polls
Uh
It's just second
Oh, never mind. We have one. I we I did that don't take. Oh my he just tried to take credit
You know, I'm sure I I the polls up. I'm telling you you try to take credit for life as easy as poll
We all saw it. All right. Look start this shit. This is fucking disgusting
What a disgusting way to start this
uh, look marriage, um
Just nah, nah, we need to a ball pass that as a species. I understand it's not politically
Expedient for me to not be married. It's honestly probably the only thing holding me back from being president
Of these united states is that I refuse to prescribe to this institution
I'm actually such a libertarian that I I keep my uh private parts full of liberty at all times
I'm not polly either. Okay. Um, I find that disturbing. Are you okay? You want to be single but not polly
What what's the distinction there? No, I just I refuse to make a meaningful connection with any woman man or thing
I don't live that way. I'm an army of one
Um, I will engage in passionate and intense coitus with anyone who wants to
Um, but I may I maintain
Solipsistic purity at all times you should be enough and unless you're comfortable with yourselves self
Why would you ever share yourself with someone else? I'm so comfortable with myself. There's no need for anyone else
Obviously except a smash which people understand and that's why they want to fuck me constantly
And no one ever wants to fuck you it's probably because you're that's amazing that you even found someone to marry
But what a mistake you're calling my position. My marriage is that is the best decision I've ever made my beautiful wife
belulia
And I have had a proud
30 year marriage with two
beautiful delicious children
I misspoke a delightful children
This motherfucker is eating I just misspoke look marriage. I know that it people say it's a job
Well, it's not a job. It's it's a it's a life. It's a it's a life
It's it's a way to actually give your life meaning to give you something to
Aspire to to to share your life with another person to be worthy of their love to be worthy of each other's love
It's a magnanimous and beautiful way to exist to commit yourself to another person
And also no offense to the poly community. I um, you know
Obviously the long enough marriage you have those kinds of discussions. Oh
Well, good for belulia, but oh my god, don't inflict yourself on the poor poly people of america. Wait a minute. I fucking lost
Yeah, obviously you did because uh, if I believe in one thing that's crumbling. It was a marriage
We did it. Thank you for supporting one of one of humanity's proudest
Most beautiful institutions. Oh when two people
The whatever persuasion they may be
They'll make that commitment to each other
Of it's always the thing of beauty
And um, and it's nice to it's nice to see a little bit of positivity on this dream
In the face of the usual raker and disgust that is regularly slowed
Sloone about by the primate to my right. We're all fucking primates. You and me baby ain't nothing but mammals
And fuck the discovery channel. They're always putting all that shit up about married couples with 25 kids. That's disgusting
You should just you should just exist like the like a fucking wanderer in an apocalypse
Collecting little goodies and and you know the cowboy style helping people who need it and occasionally fucking a woman
That's the american dream
The american dream is to exist cowboy style in an apocalypse
Helping those who need it and occasionally fucking a woman while gun slinging. That's the fucking everybody wants to be a cowboy
Cowboy, baby
Right now night because I sleep. I don't even fucking need to sleep
Uh, I'm at least a prime nine
I'm at least a prime nine
You are prime nine shape ship ship. I'm not a nine out of nine. Congrats. I see i'm a man of the chat chat
I understand
You love to play with a little scoring and you want to you want to keep crumb feeling like he's in this game
Well, there is no game. Um, it's actually the game like that movie where
Michael Douglas has to has to fight a cult and the cult is me and I'll hold all the cards and you lose
It didn't make sense. What you just said didn't make sense. It made sense
I'm the cult in the movie the game. You're michael douglas, but ugly and you lose
He wins at the end of that. No, he loses. He loses everything in a sense
I'm assault vegas seven
I think that's a minnesota 10. So congratulations king of bacon
We were arguing a lot of attractive people in vegas and also some of the most disgusting
Um, uh, okay. Well
I crushed you I crushed you today. That was a big victory for me and i'm not bragging
I'm just pointing out the truth that um
You really got walloped today
I've been talking to my therapist today working on giving myself credit
You don't think you give yourself enough credit. It's the number one thing. I told my therapist
I just don't feel like I can take credit for things because
I just spent so much time thinking about other people when you think about other
When do you think about other people? I'm married actually. So I think about my wife
I think about my kids you literally just admitted only thinking about yourself and by thinking about myself
I make myself so good that I can actually contribute
And that's the difference between you and me
I take responsibility for the incredible being that I am the reason you can't take credit for anything
Is because you're a fucking weak
Whispy man that that's influenced by others and is constantly trying to exist on behalf of other people
Even though obviously it's entirely about fucking you and your little fucking mashed potato dumb ass butterless head
Those are gonna make chroma happy enough to stop killing but I don't kill puppies
I don't
You know, all of us are slightly complicit in the deaths of puppies. Uh, there's murder shelters
murder shelters
There's kill shelters
That are that your tax dollars go to so if you want to cast dispersions at me
Uh, just consider that all of us are complicit in the death of puppies
And if you have a problem with that, well, maybe you should start hoarding puppies and see how that goes
Unfortunately, maybe the dark reality here is in a civil society. Some animals populations are going to have to be controlled
This you just talk to yourself back into killing puppies
No, I'm making a point about our
Our complicity and our necessary complicity in the great experiment that is culture and society
You're saying you fucking you're down to kill dog. I'm saying sometimes you have to kill dog
I'm not saying you have to kill you just said sometimes you have to kill dogs
Papito should fucking run he should run for co-host and replace you
I'd rather talk to a fucking insane monster chihuahua
And way easier on the eyes you look like someone smashed potato snout and stripped all his hair off
I don't I'm not in favor of killing. I
It's a more that's a problem is this man strips away complexity
There's there's no way to have a nuanced opinion around a tire fire. Okay. All you're trying to do is ignore the smell and the heat
Yeah, I bring a lot. I bring a funk and I bring that fucking fire, baby
So I guess we're in agreement that I win
Uh, and that I that I basically today was a win for me
I update the fucking score you dumb piece of shit
I was good at you don't need to say stuff like that
I was gonna update the score
I won. I'm excited. I'm excited to update the score either way because that's how
Fair I am but I was gonna update it either way
disgusting
Disgusting hear me out first one to 100
I guess to replace the other with papito
I thought we already agreed we're buying coats for the whole station at 100 which I'm about to hit
It's got a fucking moonwalk sideways to that shit
Easy, baby gg. You know, that's the name of uh, one of my first girlfriends
who's easy, baby gg
She was uh, she was from a different country. Anyway, um, I'll talk to y'all later. Have a beautiful one
I'm I won just remember that the score says something else, but I did win
The studio audience was bleeding over
Munchcutt equals emotional virgin
He do be like that
Boo boo boo a bunch of chrome going to report the democratic and republican national conventions
Then that could be fun. We could do a special stream for some election coverage for munch and crumb
I think munch is technically supposed to be a republican
But he seems to be so self obsessed. He can't really exactly commit to any party or ideology
But I certainly think he would describe himself as a strong conservative
Gaston said he's down for a wonka. Okay
nice
Special election night stream. Yeah, I'll probably do an election night stream. Maybe that sounds fun
I'll make a I'll make a meal a lot of it
It'll be a fun little piece of entertainment and not a terrifying thing that could go really badly
Um
Yeah, he is his own party the party's in his head
He is it
Okay, sorry, we had a requested coverage from random. Um, and I totally missed it 34 minutes ago
Random if you're still in chat
was it the
was it the
Showing up with the corp story
I think it was that right
But if I'm wrong, just let me know if you're still around either way
I will I'll cover that story until I'm told something else. Okay, good. Um
Let's look for the corp story
It's somewhere in here. Search bank loan
on the discord
Okay. Nope, it's not coming up a
corpse bank loan
Ah, this is coming in from oh writers. How's this to we'll go off writers? Why not?
A card king. Thank you so much for this sub a tier one to random
Resilient one rested after taking corpse to sign bank loan. Yeah, I got it. I got it locked in now
Now we're ready to go. Just search bodies bodies in spaces
Sick we're cute up now. I've talked a little Leon in a minute. Let's get her over here. It's time for even more news
Great to see everybody. I do happen to be Lily on a breath. Thank you
Anyway, great to see everybody
But there's important matters to get to us as corpses getting loans and who knows what that could do to our financial situation across the world
New shine felt show corpses in banks opening accounts. I would watch Jerry talk to those bank tellers. Well, maybe later
um
Woman wheels corpse into bank
Woman wheels corpse into Brazil bank
To sign a full loan. That's a power move. I mean
Maybe it's a kink if it's a kink. I can't shame it. The kink would be getting alone with the corpse
We can at Bernie's is a kink. That's a kink. That's not allowed to be a kink
You don't do anything with the corpse. The kink is the alive people enjoys a puppeteering
And then they go to a separate room
So it's not involving. It's just a pream. It still involves the corpse
Okay, so not all that one's not allowed to be a kink. Yeah, I think that's fair
all right
You think that's fair
Rio de Janeiro April 17th a woman brought a 68 year old man in a wheelchair into a bank branch
And tried to get him to sign up for a loan
But he had been dead for hours. Brazilian police said on wednesday
Do I not have an emote
Oh, you don't have an emote. Well, I said I'd make animated emote soon. So maybe
You get we get an animated lily on an emote
Do I need to make an emote face for that?
It's not enough movement. That's not very much movement. You're not giving me much
I'll figure it out, but you're not giving me much to work with
It's too much movement lily on it. I don't know what you want from me
You look you look fine. Just you can keep going. Okay, uh
Erika Vera Nunez wheeled as a cadaver into the bank in a real sub up on tuesday and told the teller the man wanted a loan for 17,000
Reos 3,250 security care or 3,250 dollars security cameras
Uh, the video showed twerk
I don't know if you if you're ready for this jelly
You don't think I'm ready for this jelly. I don't think you're ready for this jelly
Okay, I mean, I'm fine with that
American horror stories made a necrophilia seem pretty romantic
That show is a little guilty of trying to make everything a little sexy whatever monster there is. It's a little sexy
Sometimes once was our little sexy
You were going to ask what you missed uncle feel 2k now. You don't want to know. Yeah, don't think about it
just
Allow your mind to unhinge like a snake's jaw
Uncle are you listening? I'm not talking to you uncle Phil uncle are you listening?
You need a sign she said according to the security video
I can't show the video because I think it's a corpse and it's probably in poor taste
I'm suggesting she signed for him. He doesn't say anything. That's just how he is
She said asking if you're not okay. I'm going to take her to the hospital
But he was a corpse already bank staff became suspicious
Whereas the man's head kept falling back when the woman stopped holding it and they called the police
Well rested her on the spot on fraud charges
Then the corpse was taken it was a mole. Well, at least he made it home safely
I said to the morgue. Well, that's the corpse home
The loyal argued that the man died at the bank
But a police forensic analysis determined he had died earlier while lying down. That's a good way to die
I've seen a lot of men die that way
It's a service that people requested me
Lay me down till I die
The rotors daily briefing newsletter provides all the news you need to start up your day. Oh, that's a mad
I read the ad too
I don't think I can show there's some pictures
And
Okay, they're blurring out the corpse at least so
This is the lady
How did they get this photo this looks like a
They asked someone to take a picture of them
That's pretty much that's pretty morose even for me. There's just got a corpse trying to get money
So I guess she hadn't been left money by the corpse
I'd assume she wasn't left. She posed with the body elix
A woman brought her seemingly dead uncle to a bank in brazil for a loan
Well, I think he was seemingly dead at the time
Confirmed extremely dead after the fact
That's pretty much it. Yeah
Yeah, that's um, that's a little more unpleasant than just check fraud
Well, but it's also more creative
Everybody's done a little check fraud. What have you done corpse fraud?
You're giving her points for creativity. You have to give points for creativity
Shape shift ask case. How much do you think about uh, your gender identity when you have Liliana on?
I ask this question every time case. How much are you thinking about your gender identity?
Um, I am privileged to think about my gender identity very little
Fortunately or unfortunately, I don't know but I guess the answer would be I actually don't really think about it
Well, that makes sense. I mean, he just sees a beautiful woman and his brain goes blank
Yeah, everything happening here is totally normal. He just sees a sexy perfect beautiful woman and he doesn't think anything
Yeah, exactly
I look so good
Yeah, again, everything is fine
Thanks all. Thank you so much for conscripting both salad into the nose
I'll make it a whole salad about us today. All right, Lily. Are you really gassing yourself up today?
Sometimes, you know, my calls never amped it but doesn't mean I can't top it all
Okay. Well, um, thanks for covering this, uh
Random thanks for the story. That's I am unfortunately curious to see the video
But I hope it's never released because I shouldn't watch it
and
It's a moral for me to watch it and I definitely if it was on if it was on my twitter timeline
I would watch it a hype tried. Oh
There it is
There it is
Okay, well, um, let's get it over
Get it over back to the news of the same newsroom, but you can leave will you?
I don't think so much and I already was going to no, thanks necessary. I'm
You have I'm lily. I'm lily on. I'll see you all soon. Uh,
No buttons are confusing. Well, there it is. All right. Um, hey
Stay alive for as long as you can and if you're an older man with power and money
That wants my laying down till you die service. I'll hit up my hot Malacoc. All right. See you later
What the heck
Where is the button operate? Oh there it is ride that chuchu
Uh, hey, I don't know if he'll be around for long today
But unfortunately I did notice that there's a hype train
I couldn't help but notice that there's a hype train of ruin
Hype train are you by any chance?
Chill today. No
I feel crazy
I feel I feel mentally unwell today. I feel weird. Okay. Oh man, please
Play fiddle music for me, man. Play me some fiddle music
Fiddle music, please
I want fiddle music instrumental
Beats
You want fiddle music instrumental beats? Yeah, get me some of those classic fiddle music instrumental beats, man
Is this what you wanted? This is what I wanted
Yeah, fiddle me this
Who's afraid of the hype trains fat ass
This is just 50 cent in the club
What the fiddle style
Yeah
The train came in the club and it killed the whole club because the train was way too big to fit inside the club
You can find me in the club covered in the blood of the entire club because I just messed up the club
The train entered the club and it destroyed the whole club and now the hype train is the only one in the club
Fuck you
All right, there is a fiddle in it. Can't deny that there's a that there is a fiddle
Find a uh some track with a picture of a fiddle full of her
Yeah, where's my fucking trap fiddle
with Bart Simpson as a fiddle
Oh, shit. Check this out. It's hip-hop violin medley, but there's a guy doing it
This is courtesy of Clesion
I don't know how to say his name, but it's c-l-e-j-a-n
Cleon Clesion
Cleon
I'm feeling mentally unfit to do this. What why?
I got a really high standard of train that I need to live up to
No, you don't you've got the lowest standard of anything on the stream that has very low standards
Oh, really?
But it ain't that it ain't anything card came. Thank you so much for the sun
This fiddle music is bringing me back
It's actually a fiddle medley, so
Slaps
All rappers should just be fiddles
Every rapper in the world should probably just be a fiddle
I'm not in the left. I'm in the middle in the middle with the fiddle going riddle riddle riddle
I love the fiddle. I love fiddle fiddle fiddle fiddle fiddle fiddle fiddle fiddle
I'm fiddling the fiddle in the middle
You're not making sense. I've trained
Well, anyway, you're you're dead
Back to hell with the hype dream fiddle music fiddler on the hill
What a spot what a spot he picked. He's like, this is
This is that grimy fiddle look
You feel personally attacked by how fast he went to sleep after hyping. I'm so sorry
Also, thanks to nabarian rage for the five bits card game for the community sub the brain rage for the additional 20 bits
And um and the hype train for dying and going back to hell
I do appreciate it
Oh and random. Thank you for gifting a sub to amaranth in case I missed that. I think I might have
Thank you so much. I'm I'm sure amaranth will be tuning in very soon
Who I met and who seemed like a very like a perfectly nice person that I barely talked to but I did meet her and she was nice
um
Fiddled me piss
That's the pissler. That's the character I never got to do
It's me the pissler
Is she I wonder she's on right now
Yeah, amaranth
Believe it or not. I don't follow amaranth
Rude of me
She's not on right now guys
Damn
I don't even know how much she streams. I don't really know anything about amaranth other than that
She's a only fans model that people were
I guess mad that that g4 head on
And then and then also the wad of the farts and the bathwater stuff
I know I I know the general those general pop facts about amaranth
Pop facts
Okay, um, let's see
What else we got going on today?
Elephant loose the elephant is loose
All the way too far back. I delete
I couldn't know
I'm grimesing right now
Let's have to grimes for a minute. Excuse me for a couple minutes here while I grimes
Uh, there it is. Okay. I want to talk about a there. We're communicating with whales possibly
Um
I wanted to talk about this actually
I know that it's a little dangerously close to the kind of thing chat would cover, but I'm not sure if this counts as science
If you have to ask if it's science that means that it is that's actually
what
Aristotle trees
Decided with science back in the Romanian time
He said if you have to ask if it's science that means that it actually is in fact sky
I don't make the rules. I'm just assigned didn't test
There's a fake sponge tutorial. That's fantastic. Well, let's check that shit out, too
Let's check out all of it. That's the beauty of science. It's there's sort of no fucking limit
To the amount of sky ends out there. That's really well said, dude
There's so much sky is in the world and it's an honor to sky is with you
Exactly. That's cheetah. That's the AI based on my powerful brainwaves
But containing all the accumulated knowledge of humanity
And today we'll expand that knowledge by
Learning about how we now talk to whales a thing that I felt like I could just sort of naturally do
But science isn't about nature science is about electrons and now
Well, those electrons can communicate with whales as the set the institute claims
They've successfully communicated with a whale. Have you ever done that shit? I um
I know I am actually not
Sure if we have but that's exciting if we are
Oh, I thought you'd had the community knowledge of the of all of the human race up to 2022
Oh, you still have that weird limitation. Okay a team of scientists from the city institute
Which is devoted to the search for age right to write they all intelligence
Things you have conversed with the humpback whale in Alaska. Well, that could just be a shoe. So
They need to clarify while it may sound like a far-fetched thing
The team is hoping to apply what they learned to lay the groundwork for our efforts to communicate with aliens
If we ever make first contact that is
Spocked it in the 80s. That's a good point
I guess they're actually kind of fucking late to this party. So maybe they need to fucking get it together
That was a movie though. But yes
I know that it's a
I know, you know, I know that, you know, and that's sick and good job. Thank you guys. Okay
You made shit that I play whale songs. He could be communicating with whales
What are whale songs? Can I hear one?
Can you can you do one for me? Oh, um
That was a whale song
That was the
That was the intention
A few have already hit me back. Actually, it was a hit
I was actually playing. Um
That was like the fiddling guy. I did I did you can find me in the club
I did in the club at 50. That's the whale version
I mean sick that actually means our next level also just communicated with wealth because you're my brain in a computer
Got a great point, dude. We fucking did it. We fucking did this shit nasty as hell
Does that count as does that count as me science thing?
Wait, don't I have a different
I forgot that I had that graphic
I should have played it before but that counts as me doing does it's science in my opinion
So just saying let's continue. Whoa. That's the wrong button. There. Oops. That's the wrong button, too
That's the right button whales are a proxy for aliens
Uh, city researchers in the university of california davis animal behavior list
Josie Hubbard told the new york post they're intelligent creatures with a language that is foreign to us
The things we learned from communicating with the whales could help us when it comes time to connect with aliens. She said
Hump a bat girl
I ain't no hump a bat girl
Unless you is that because you're a whale
That's fucking good. That is good. Shit
Unsurprisingly having any kind of back and forth with a humpback whale is far from straightforward
The language is complex follow fellow city researcher and whale song theorist lisa walker told the new york post
The whales are like guys. Holy shit. There's an old guy down here sent help
That does kind of feel like what they're saying 24 seven because their songs is haunting
They uh, yeah, they could be a totally different style of communication that almost sounds like aliens
This is the point that they're making that is the point that they're making
Blackfish three out of five stars. Oh, shit. They just fucking reviewed blackfish and whale
And they didn't fucking like it. That sounds like that kind of shit
Sometimes when it's something Hollywood makes a thing about your culture, you're like, wait a minute
They don't fucking get it at all
In december 2023 the team played underwater recordings of humpback whales to other whales off the coast of Alaska
While most of the mammals ignored them a female named twine
It's a sick name for a girl. I'm at a girl in a bar named twine
I'd be like, yo, I'm still trying to recover from my divorce, but I couldn't help but notice that your blind hair
smells like whiskey
And that's a fucking pick-up line for the ages your blonde hair smells like whiskey. That's my line. That's a great line
Dude sick. Thank you. That is my line
That was a contact. This is the story again
It was a contact call Hubbard told the new york post is how the whales call to each other
They make whoops and thrups
You ain't making whoops or thrups at all. Dude, you barely thrupped. Oh, shit. I was supposed to throw
There you go
However, it wasn't exactly an intellectual conversation. It sounds like the scientists themselves are a bit hazy on
Uh, what was actually said it might have just been us saying hello and her responding hello
And I'm saying hello again walker admitted, but it was definite communication
And it's like early texting, you know, you're like, what's up?
And then they text back. What's up? And then you text like, yo girl, seriously? What's up?
And they're like, yo chat. What's up with you? And you're like, listen
Fucking twain. Uh, we connected at the bar
But I need you to I asked first what's up and now it's a bit
Probably and she texts back. What's up? And now you're getting mad
And you delete her number
Dude, I'm sorry. Well, it was a hypothetical. Actually, that didn't happen. But really, that's not like a thing that happened to you
No, that never fucking I would I got more game than that
still
Despite the fact that they're that the well just said hello to the scientists
It feels significant according to
The futurist futurism.com, which is where the story is from
It might have just been us saying hello and then responding blah blah blah
We believe this is the first such communication
Exchange between humans in the humpback whales in the humpback language said Brenda mcowen. You see davis
Research behaviorist and lead author of a paper detailing the exchange published in the journey of the olympia. There's there no video
That sucks. I said there's no video
Is there really no is there no is there no video?
Dude
Humpback girl, there's no video. There's only a picture of the whale that they talked to who looks good
Good on twain for keeping it real and posing for this photo
Well, it could just be a generic well photo, but you can also be right and I choose to believe that you are and thank you for choosing
It's a choice every day and I am
Streaming kill the video star. I'm on video right now and I got music
It's the same song, but it's this is basically a music video because there is a backing track
That's a great point. It's video with music
This is a music video exactly
All right, let's learn a little more suck skies before we have to go today. Someone said that there's a sick sponge
And I would love to know how it's sick
What made this sponge so ill?
Can we learn to sponge?
Where is the sponge in the thing
A hair loss treatment
We made a dog talk
That's fucking nasty
Uh kitchen science
Pepper ghosts
Watch your garden glow
April 5th, okay
Going back to April 5th
Where is the sponge at?
I mean sponge. I want to see how to make artificial semen. Is that?
Oh, you want to do this semen one? All right
I mean
As someone who makes premium non-artificial semen, I do need to keep an eye on what the competition's up to
Uh, so I guess let's learn
If the if the fakers have any game
Because frankly, I think they got a ways to go before they catch up to my actual semen quality. Let's see what's up
Fake semen is sponsored by adamneve.com. They gave me this boner at you down into all sorts of options
What the hell can I show this?
Can I show that?
That's too late
And I'm not sure if I could
All right
I think I can't do can I show this
If someone confirm if I can show this fucking big ass kind of realistic dildo on twitch
In for a penny in for a pound
I don't know
Uh, got a kiyoko. Thank you so much for the stuff. He's done it before nigga man. All right
Look, this is side
I want to make it clear that this is a learning channel for learning. I think that's clear from the intro
All right, wait, we're missing important facts here. I'm talking over it
Please that go with this color scheme consistency wise evolutionary biologists propose that
Quagulation keeps the semen in place so that it doesn't spill out of the vagina and the liquefying of it happens
10 to 30 minutes after ejaculation to let the sperm swim to the egg
Ah the competitive advantages whether it's runny or gummy also relates to how frequently the person ejaculates
So if you want to communicate I haven't come in days when it's thicker and more opaque
You want to make an eye get off all the time knob slurry and then it needs to be more watery
Hey, she's talking about language leaders are one third to one full teaspoon is the average quantity of a wad
But we're gonna make lots of penis colada because we can first option methyl cellulose
This is porn star semen in the u.s. There are four million prescriptions for it
I wonder how many of them are for do it yourself jizz. Meh. We don't know
I don't have any of it, but you can probably find it at the pharmacy. It's laxative. So if you swallow
It'll help you poop just spit or swallow option two
Actions see better this super easy open the can ta-da the coloring and form are already seminal and it's yummy
Jesus Christ. I'm the vagina. They're gonna ban myself for watching this be the natural yeast in the body
So well that they'll have a yeast feast that will become a yeast infection option three
If you want to load that's body friendly
My recommendation is plain yogurt adding water until it has a saliva like consistency
Mix it perfect option four probably the simplest cornstarch and hot water
Davidson makes an incredibly realistic version with an egg white yogurt swirl it slightly add a pinch of salt so accurate
Oh
How does it taste davison? Let's definitely try this one in the pain for this whole thing
All right, we're gonna just kind of we're gonna just jump through this part
We're gonna jump through that
Um
I want to attach it though like a colossal cock of cream
This is pretty hot this we can show harness remove the ring add a loop or band that fits snugly around the canister
Make sure it will stay in case we'll never get more views when there's content like this on the internet
There's no competing with this place. It feels so secure. All right butt straps
So easy rust and press
Holy shit
Option six hair conditioner great for showers
Can you imagine getting a shower blowjob while you're there rinsing out the shampoo of your partner's hair?
I didn't want to imagine it. I swear, but no, I can't help but do that
With your conditioner then it's time. So you pull out in this fantastic orgasm coming all over their head
Do you just use the conditioner semen as moisturizer option seven xantham gum and just a moisturizer
Here's the recipe care of the climax doctor four ounces of warm water half a teaspoon of xantham gum
Three teaspoons of liquid glycerin and some grapefruit seed extract to preserve it
Oh, it is in the background, isn't it internally don't quote me. I'm quoting the climax doctor
The great thing about all of this is that we play around with ingredients and imagination coconut oil
massage oil lube make some of my balls are exploding with sexual tension blue paint semen full body massage semen
It can be blue sticky sticky peel off later semen
It's on youtube how how not safe for work can this be the answer is surprisingly pretty not safe for work
There are hundreds of possibilities. I found this bottle of lala cherra. I'm not sure what it is
Who's at the store looks like semen edible and definitely not vagina friendly
Oh into my mouth
Jesus so good. Oh my god. So good. I remember seeing fake semen made of cigarette filters
You can use steamed milk foam straight up a gallon of milk spraying everywhere
Whatever the purpose of your artificial fluid, you'll get there. You stay curious
This episode is sponsored by adam and eve.com where you can get this gorgeous harness and this
ejaculating dildo and many other play things if you use the promo code dough
This is probably a bad time to mention that this stream is sponsored by heart audio, right? I'm supposed to do that
Yeah, that's probably not the best time shot
Well, anyway for all your needs heart audio.com
It's legitimately a very good website for like any audios stuff. You might need cords
Hardwares
Audi all your audio needs literally heart audio.com. I stand by it and I think it's good
Yeah, but the the the all at the time and compute it is he is right
I have all the knowledge of the internet and he is right
But the timing is not great
I mean do I even dare try to
Try to time for science that
She made it sound like I was going to go to my fridge and pull out whatever
and it's
And it's it
I don't know if we need to prove this one shot
But I'm a man of Skynes
Okay
I'll throw out a different video and I'll go to my fridge and we'll just see
If I pour stuff into a cup does it look like
The thing that we want it to
or
Does it not
In the meantime
I'll throw in this video of this man talking to a dog and I'll be right back
Okay
All right, so ground to that. All right. Do you want to say anything?
Well, I've never done anything like this before
But I'm going to try to draw energy through this hot dog to appease our curiosity
Try to draw energy through the hot dog to the ground wire that my jumper cables are actually grounding
I'm gonna stay sort of safe enough away
Good for probably not good for the paint, but we can hear that's why you don't touch a tower
Look at that juicy stuff there. Don't lick it
The hot dog is smaller than it was
Show me. Oh my gosh. Yeah, it's uh
The hot dog has disappeared part of it
All right, here's another hot dog. Don't stab your fingers. It appears to be a uh standard hot dog nothing special
Don't stab your fingers
All right, ready now. We're going to try to see if we can cook it instead of disintegrating
Correct
That's crazy
Okay, you ready? Yep. I'm going to go parallel to this right here. I like a half an inch away
Make sure it's hot
It's hot
A half an inch away standing here over the grounded hot dog. Whoa, don't touch too close
Make sure you see if it's warmer
Yeah
Bring it back
I thought he was doing it with a dog dog, but he's it's a hot dog and that's better. That's better actually
Not even hot at the end of every watch up your piece on
This is why you don't want to touch an am tower and ground yourself
Because that's what the end of your finger will look like
Oh as it plays whatever sound is coming out of the tower
All right, so this is without the ground wire attached although don't let the ground wire that's flapping around there
Don't let it flap around and hit you so no grounding
I hear
There's still there's a little bit. I'd I still wouldn't go on that tower
I wouldn't even hold a stick that's too hot dog
Any last words on that
Uh, just I would like to think this was like a safety PSA type announcement to all you guys
It might goof around thinking about it. Just don't
Oh with towers period
But it looked pretty fun
You guys look like you were having fun
Like I can't deny that to me it seems like they were having fun
All right, well look, I mean we're gonna do an experiment
And we're going I'm gonna pour some things
From off camera onto camera and chat you tell me which is the most looks like a like a thing that will get me banned
So with that in mind, um, I guess let's attempt to science first guy
Okay
Um, I I'm gonna try to hide them from you
So that you don't get spoiled
Meaning I gotta
I gotta nail I gotta nail this
So that looks weirdly like an electric current of white
Oh
I wonder how risky it is to do this over all of cases electronics
Oh, well, let's keep doing it. All right, that's option one
Here is option two
Okay
All right, and just for a little primer. That's it on my finger
Does that remind you of anything?
If it does
Then we're in the right arena here
Okay
And last but not least
This one
Let's see if we think it looks like it
Oh no. Oh
It's hard to control it sometimes
All right
What do y'all think?
Obviously this one doesn't count. This one's using the power of graphics
But was one two or three the most like uh like it
And while you're thinking of that
I'll stir up
Should that have anything to stir with
While you're thinking I'll use my science pen to stir this up and we'll see what the final result looks like
One
Okay, I see a one. This is this will be an eyeballing at all
I see only one vote and it's for one. So I think one might have oh poll is starting. Okay
Do do do do do do
Oh shoot
There isn't a polio. That's totally fine
I
See two votes for one
We're almost fully stirred
So I think maybe one is the winner
Another vote coming in for one
Another one one one. Yeah, I see a lot of one
The eyeball poll has it
Okay
That's pretty gross what I'm doing
Everything I'm doing here is honestly not
Not my favorite
But here's the final result. Oh no, it's flipping through reality
This looks
Um
Here I'm gonna turn on my extra science background
There now it's not my but my I turned on my extra science background. Here's our final result
Yeah
We did it. We fucking science the shit out of that
It's sky and so goddamn hard. We put I feel like a champion of sky is
She was right if you just pull some white shit out of your fridge
Now leave it somewhere in the house Kendall will be pretty confused if I sneak this in a case's apartment
So maybe I'll leave work and immediately do that and just leave it out. I will tell you though
So the ingredients used
mayonnaise
at him
um
Avina daily moisturizer
That was this that mayonnaise was the first this was the second
And the third just to provide a little extra viscocity, but clearness except kind of green. I did go with olive oil
so mayo
Avino body lotion and olive oil it made what looks like a pretty healthy sampling of say about translucent
You know stuff
However, the dry back here is it smells if you if you are putting out loads that smell like this smells
I do think you might need to consult either an exorcist or a professional doctor's scientist
Because you might your body might be trying to tell you that it's dying
Yeah, that's um my smell receptors which you installed are confirming that those ropes
smell like they've been used by a particularly
Stinky gym class. Yeah, these ropes these ropes were used for climbing by the whole team and now they smell like a fucking
Dirty crotch
So, you know, maybe if you want to eat uh
If you want to eat some fake cums, then you're gonna have to maybe not use
mayonnaise olive oil and body lotion. I don't think it's safe for stomach
not safe for stomach
and
Fs actually that would be the acronym there. That is the acronym
Thank you so much more like sexorcist. You you can stay Huey. I like that a lot
Okay, we fucking did it though
The headline here is um, it was time for science and we met the moment
The moment was met upon and the sky is was
spread liberally all over it
in an absolute
rope show of sky is
leaving no face uncovered by it and so now
back to the world of
fables and
nursery rhymes I send you
of fictions and non-sciences
But don't worry the skies will be back because I am I'm check guy
And I'm my eyes. They're actually only for skies
Hate to see you go but love to see you since the size come
That's one of my favorite lines from the movie face off
John Travolta just just hits uh
It's Nick cages unaware wife with that classic singer. Sorry John Travolta in Nick cages face
All right
How long we've been on
Oh, we're about to hit two hours. There was a call for dj music
So I guess we could do an actual music. We said we were gonna cover what the grime story is real and talking whales
And frankly we've done those we did do those three things
So I guess we can send it to music to cover something else on the uh
On the old
Backfeed thread in case you don't know uh
The discord for this stream almost certainly all of you know, but in case anyone doesn't
It's the cream team cream team central and if you go to the back feed you can share any story you want
Uh, I can't click on them all unfortunately. I kind of just pick them semi randomly
um
But you know, I'll try I'll try them the cream dot team exactly live in sleep
The cream dot team
All right, and uh again shout out to heart audio for sponsoring this stream
Unfortunate timing from chet on shouting out our sponsor, but we do also again have the official heart audio
Um mascot the heart audio cable
The future is dark and filled with sounds
And if you want to hear those sounds in high fidelity in the year 39 99
You have no choice
But to go to heart audio cables dot com
And if you did have a choice you should still make it because it's the best website for audio cables
And I should know i'm heart audio cable
You do look
Are you a robot you look a little bit like me i'm not
From the year 30 99 i've came back to warn you
Be sure to buy your your cables and audio needs from heart audio cables
Or the future will happen or the future will happen. Yeah
All right. Well, that's a pretty stern warning
That's my dad. Oh my god dad. You looked better
Recently and that's rough because you passed away recently
I'm not your dad and that's a fucked up joke to make
I'd you know, I'm just I'm calling it like I see it heart audio cable
You're losing sight of the the goal here is go to heart audio heart audio cables dot com
All right. Yeah, that's a good point
Sorry. Listen to your daddy
I'm trying he's claiming he's not
He's telling me i'm not his son
Future's happening. Yeah. Well, if you go to heart audio cables dot com
Hmm
So wait, i'm saying that wrong. It's heart audio. Okay. I gotta actually do this right heart audio cable
Am I saying that wrong?
I haven't I haven't plugged these outside of doing streams and cast them
I'm gonna pull up this website really quick
There it is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, don't worry. I'm not
I don't have to go to sponsor jail
Here it is
boom
heart audio cables
Legitimately has great audio cables. The thing that I'm often in need of
So that I can have seamless audio
You know, you know
All right, let's send it to dj music so we can get out of here for the day. I could release you back into the twitch wilds
I'm very relieved that chet didn't spill any of his magical juices on
his somewhat expensive
Set up that happened to be right in front of his lap
But he didn't so we're safe to send it over to dj music
Uh, and then we'll get out of here for the day. All right. We'll see y'all in a second
Oh
Yes
Great to see everybody
You heard it out live with dj music
How are you doing? We're back here on the roof. This roof. We never left
I should warn you I am having I'm having technical issues. I'm also having this isn't a grimes bit
I'm having technically give me a second. I'm having technical issues with my lasers
People think I'm doing a grimes bit now whenever I have technical issues with my lasers. I'm not
The lasers play at double speed
So they're hard to get synced up to the music
Well, there they go. There they and it's not
I did show up an hour before work to get on the roof
But these lasers should be good to go at this point
The speed of light is actually doubled on the roof
I refuse to let the scientists up here to um explore it explore it because it's my roof
They say let us study this phenomenon the speed of light's doubled. I say no
No, thanks music
No
Did chest experiment take your lasers? No, I'm just having time. I'm having technical difficulties
I'm sorry and it's cut that the light moves at double speed up here
That means that photons would be experiencing time backwards. Well
I'm actually covering the news which happened in the past. So in many ways. I'm a time traveler
That's the way that music works
Not a lot of people realize that's the way that music works. That's the way that music works
All right, let's see what's going on in the world
Whoa
Let's keep the news nice and horny
They'll keep the news nice and horny
Never stop being a horny on the news
If you stay horny
Yeah, I can't lose
All right, let's see
I've got a hot story cute up for y'all. Uh, let's send it
straight to it
great news
all right
baby
I shared something in the tiny news net. Maybe I should have shared in the back feet instead
That is a little confusing that there's a tiny news net, but that case doesn't pull stories from there
We could just change we could make a whole barely informed news section in the cream team discord
But something about
Getting rid of the back feet
Even though it only means anything like a couple people it's kind of it. I kind of enjoy that. It's still called the back feet
Because I also watched the back feet. That's a little dj music fact back when I was just music king not on the news
I watched the back feet with the owner in case
That twitch stream. All right, let's learn about this though
A sperm bank giving people what well, I'll tell you
A vr porn set
And I smell you because you're looking nice in that room
Got my heart going boom
You watching porn and donating your sperm soon
A sperm bank that provides vr porn sets and therapy
Is in manchester dropping those high headsets for free
They're dropping that headset
And it feels right
It's the first uk location from cryo. Oh, it's all right. It's the world's biggest
Spermening donation bank
It's based in denmark
So I guess I'm being frank not frank. That's denmark the center in manchester science park has a premium subscription
To what the site for love they got a subscription to porn hub, and it's equipped with vr
AdSense
Best believe that's an immersive
Experience are you experiencing it it follows clinical research from cryos?
That showed the use of vr porn gives you a boner the most it's going
Extra hard
That making you feel like you getting topped off in a car are you getting that vr road head?
And you're leaving them dead except you're sharing the gift of life instead
You're sharing the gift of life instead
Before accepted donors go through a screening process to say
Are you qualified to have a little bit of a vr sex?
And if you pass then donors are compensated. They're paying you with a celebration
35 euros are coming in for every sperm donation
Three donations are made a week
That's four twenty a month
That's a lot of money
Don't front
All eligible men can apply
But the rigorous screening process means
Only five to ten percent of donors are accepted
But you're accepted here
Baby you're in the clear put that headset on daddy don't have any fear
I'm gonna make you fucking bust before the end of the fiscal year and y'all getting paid between
18 and 45. Yes
Yes, you can wear that headset
Do you get it yet?
It's love for the next generation the sperm is getting sent
It's getting sent digitally
But you feel it so mentally and now you've set
Every leader of sperm free and that's beautiful
That's so beautiful damn that's a feel-good story for everybody
All right, well, um
Let's find someone to rap about that and let's get out of here for the day
Wonder what happens when you type in sperm trap beat into youtube
I'm a little curious about that
I don't even know why I've drained the sperm it always comes back. I know it's like
It's like mowing a lawn. You know that grass doesn't stop growing
But what can you do?
Sometimes you gotta let it loose
You gotta reach in your heart
Do a little sperm juice
What do
Okay
Let's get set. I got a user of a vr set that's ready to fucking jet
Um, okay
Let's find a sexy sperm beat. I don't I don't this shouldn't wow. Okay. That did pull up stuff
Oh my god
This is a sexy beat. I got queued up. Well. Hey great news. There's actually an alternate reality version of me
That is trapped inside a vr porn headset
There's no escaping from it and I I've booked them to come rap about their experience. Let's get them out here
All the all the y'all
I know
I'll know coming in vr set banging
Under the desk that's believe I'm hanging
When the permanent beat
That was not to scream
I've been dropping these thick ropes even outside of the sheets
Trapped in a vr headset
That's vr porn
I'm watching that shit from late night till the early morning until the afternoon. I'm doing
Meeting I'm never losing
Permanently hentai tuning tuning for some dude and yeah, I'm in a vr headset that's stuck on porn
But I feel fine, baby. There's nothing to mourn. I'm talking
Jerking off with that 24 seven, but with the fucking images as I'm watching I'm in heaven
I'm a vr porn headset
trapped man
But I'm still doing what I can. I done donated so much goddamn sperm that they're like we had enough
Baby, when will you learn? I'm dj music from an alternate dimension
Where I'm in a 24 seven headset son and I've been watching the art porn for the last 20 years
But don't fret, baby. Don't have any fear. I'm fucking popping off
Like a boss
Every day I'm dropping ass house. It's a world fucking record for the little baby batter
I've been popping off like a pop rock, baby rocks rocks rocks popping out
I'm a boss boss
I'm always popping off. It's your loss. If you don't want a bit of this sauce
Donate, baby. Oh, that's your loss. I'm a boss
Damn, I'm glad I'm not in that dimension
That's I would not want to have to jerk off 24 seven
A dimension where you have to jerk off 24 seven to me that sounds something like the opposite of heaven
But I think that we are done. Yeah, we did it today. I hope you learned your lesson about streaming
Okay, you watch case black. Well, and it gave you some hell, but now we're done mother fuckers and I wish you well
Let's rate somebody at the end of the stream. We're gonna send you straight to our boy blue screen
He's watching planet craft. I guess that is a game. He's fucking popping off. He's bro screen and it's never the same
He's a
We're sponsored by heart
We're sponsored by heart
kbos now, so go to heart audio
Dinocables.com
It doesn't rhyme. I need to say it right though. Go to heart audio cables.com for all your audio needs
Sincere thank you to them for sponsoring us for this month or two. We'll see
We'll see what they need and then I will stream. That's the end of this shit. We did it again
Did I even rate goddamn? I think I didn't
So let's type that shit again. I'm just trying to rate bruise green my friends
All right, the race band created
I'm feeling fine like that shit was faded. All right, let's shout you out while the rate counts down
Let's sing the channel round shape ship to ships. You love the streams
Well, thanks for sticking around for all of the creams
Skymer oh seven. Yeah, you've been in heaven. Greg to you DJ music. He's that emo sending into daddy
Dropping bananas in chat
Chunk dog gearless Joe now man
S1000 great to see you
The sinister dev was also coming right through. Thank you to spa
Fucker lips lot of sleazy when it comes to mud and you know, you're the best
Shape ship the ship's great to see you as well
And puppy side tricks is giving a male uncle fail
2k
And we ran out of song but but what can I say? All right y'all that's gonna do it for today?
We'll see y'all later. I have a great rest of your wednesday case. We'll be back on uh for the cream team
I don't know if the other will be there. We'll we'll see she's doing new york stuff
But cast him in case we'll be there. Bye. Bye everybody. Have a great rest of your day