I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
And I'm a dog.
Six, five, four.
So Rixie said fuck Iso tried to get them to fund it during the Obama administration,
but Obama somehow convinced me that it would also mean defunding ice cream, so I dropped it.
I mean, you can't blame him for that.
He remembers when ice cream just cost a Jimmy Nickel, which was a nickel that only existed in 1930.
So it's courted as being can't blame him.
Oh, my God.
Listen up, Jack.
Bonzo Bofro just mime a jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Was that, you know, who is in the Epstein files?
Joe Brandon. And that is the facts, Jack.
It does blow my mind that he, well, I guess he was president after Epstein died.
But he's still vice president.
How did he not end up there?
Even a mention?
You think you're I mean, he's got a still three million left.
We shouldn't eat our chickens before they fuck.
Or whatever.
What? You know, don't know.
I don't know anything.
All I know is that everybody was so excited that I'm back.
You case is good to be back with your boys.
Oh, we're boys.
Well, I'm a train.
But you're not.
Oh, so we can only ever be so close.
You're only close to trains.
But actually, when trains get close, it kills everyone on board.
So what?
So hit me with a big case.
Hit me with a groundhog day type beat.
Did y'all know it was Groundhog Day?
The yes.
I was sick.
Thank you for wishing me well.
It is good to see everybody.
I was out last week as I've been sick for a week.
Actually, still a little sick, surprisingly.
I guess I'm just old.
I think now when you're old, you get sick for like a month.
You know, that sounds right.
So I think now when I get a cold, it just doesn't go away.
So I got to make sure I don't get him that often, I guess.
And that's why you have to start eating beats.
Not rat beats.
Give me a beats type beat.
You already asked for a Groundhog Day type beat.
Oh yeah, you should drink piss.
See if he loves you and gets it.
I'm getting sick type beat.
Yeah, that's fine.
That's fine.
Stop this music either way.
I don't need to be here in this case.
What is it?
What am I sick with?
That's a good question.
I think it was a sinus infection maybe, but I kind of always sound like I have a sinus infection.
So.
And I always sound sick.
I'm the opposite of a sinus infection.
I'm the sinus ins...
...
...
...
...
...
It's not the opposite.
It just sort of rhymes.
The introspection is the opposite of infection.
Well, no need to rap about that.
I'll be the judge of that.
Give me a sick type beat.
See, you know, this sick type beat is making me sad.
It's making me openly weep, case.
I'll be...
Because of what happened to Squidward here?
It is so sad about what happened to Squidward.
How he lost everyone like that.
You really hate to see that.
Poor Squidward.
He is the opposite of introspection.
That is the ultimate infection.
And you just gotta rise above it and you gotta get glad.
Introspection.
You're a father?
The father of thoughts, so I have never known that I'm on top and high.
Propensize, reaches out the first fist and spread it open.
Then open some wine.
Both fists, arranged in a deep inside.
I'm talking mind fists.
And also, of course, my...
...
...
...
...
...
...
I don't think that works as well for humans.
I don't know why it would work for trains either, but...
Chad, I wouldn't follow the hype trains advice.
Sorry to always disagree.
Oh my God, you disagree with me, but it is so easy with two fists.
No, no, better little bit of energy.
Be free.
The introspection you are showing me
is so easy.
Deliberate yourself, you suffice your vast daily.
And I need spiritual, but not physically.
And sick, dude, is this how we have to come back?
I thought you're gonna thank the bits and subs.
Does this crying Bart Simpson make you feel anything?
Does it?
Bart Simpson?
No.
I don't know, that's just a drawing.
Oh my God, poor Bart.
I can't believe what happened on all of Springfield.
Oh no, did you hear, guys?
I think Springfield's doing fine.
That's...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
You're in love with the atomic bomb that blew up Springfield?
It's a complicated relationship
For me and the atomic bomb that blew up Springfield
Went on a couple dates and I get to know that what we felt was real
It is such a much love
Just don't remember that episode
It wasn't an episode case that we found
That I feel in my soul
I'm ass
With 250 being your ass spending you a wide
So you can get that insurspection deep inside
And that's real Bart
Hold your head high and hold those fists inside
Your advice for Bart after his whole town getting nuked is to fist himself
This is a hard lesson
That's the only type of lesson life offers, Kate
The universe is a crucible of pain
That's what my friend Andy used to say
And that's my quote
No, my friend Andy used to say that
No, that is a quote for me
A hype train
You're stealing Andy Boldick's quote
I accept his apology
You do?
You got it with some effort you put-
No!
I'm glad that you got it off there
I'm sort of relieved that he didn't explain his rationale
By the way, he accepted that apology
Okay, well anyway, don't spread your ass open
Well unless you like that sort of thing
Which is totally fine
But maybe, I mean, two fists seems a little extreme
I don't think there's anyone on the planet that can do that
And nobody proved me wrong
I got canceled for hearing Kanye
That's just a state of modernity
Nobody listens to anybody
They just turn them off after giving them subs
Nitrous-grade gas can hurt the pain
Or hurt the brain
And the pain
Anyway, we didn't even get into whatever happened to Mickey Mouse here
But he's looking upset too
But I think he'll be okay
I think he will be okay
You've legit seen double-fisting at the Folsom Street Fair?
I have never been to the Folsom Street Fair
Is that allowed at a street fair?
San Francisco's massive annual World Renowned Leather Kink Festival
Okay, you know, I should have known
That there's people out there more committed to excellence than me
I say, there's no, you can't do that
But what the fuck do I know?
These limiting beliefs that I have
But Chad, I still advise against it
I'm gonna guess that that was someone
That was someone particularly gifted
A sub goal IRL stream
I almost got this
I almost got a new widget working
Granted, I could have just used the one that totally already worked
But I found it annoying that I had to do it through a separate website
Anyway, that could be one of the first goals
I still also need to work out
And we still owe you guys a Beyblade tournament
Between Munch and Crum and I guess others
And I gotta go get Puffy Bear
So that really, I need to include
On this new widget
Oh, that I think about it
A harsh reminder for all the ones that I haven't done
I need an accountability timer as well
So what's this?
A part that's infesting himself?
Yeah, if you just heard it
According to the hype train, apparently, Olive Springfield got nuked
And the only way to achieve spiritual peace is to double fist yourself
I do disagree for the record
Personally?
I'm just not, I'm not sure about that
Are you being a hater again, Case?
Pito, not you too
I don't, no, I don't really believe in putting things up, not on a food hall
Which holds the food hall, you do know that, right?
I mean, I'm assuming so when I keep putting food in
But I'm willing to try anything
No, that's not
The hotdog on a string is gonna happen during the workout stream
You know, the sad thing is I was about to do the workout string one day, stream
I had it outside and I was like
Shit, I don't have string or a hotdog
I was like, I'll do it tomorrow
And then eight months later, I've never done it
Although I have lost probably 35 pounds since I was originally gonna do the workout stream
So technically I should be able to physically punish myself more
Although I don't really think I'm in better physical shape
I'm just thinner, so honestly my stamina is probably not any better
Will Puffy Bear forgive Case for abandoning
Him is the debate
And honestly, probably not
Part of the reason I've been reluctant to get Puffy Bear is I
Don't really have room for him anywhere in the
The studio is just packed
You know, so if I were to bring him to my home home
I don't know where he'll put him
So he's gonna be on my
What I know for what I know is gonna happen
He's gonna be on my couch behind me
And I will constantly feel like I'm being watched
I'm not really kidding when I say
He's unsettling to have her out
It feels like there's a corpse watching you do things
I did make a YouTube video where I explain these feelings
Where I was semi-joking
But then I had him in the house for a month
And I, well, everything that I was getting about was real, it turns out
Don't be scared, Case
Sometimes it's good to be watched
Like the eyes of TJ Ecclberg
You read the great Gatsby?
No, that's the guy who gives me ice cream every morning
It makes me puke and shit
Oh
Just dress him up like a leather daddy
And take him to the Folsom Parade
Hey, that's a good idea
Oh yeah, I'll just put him out
Maybe his gross cosmic powers could even scare ice away
Probably not
Yeah, that probably wouldn't be the most effective means of protesting
Uh, okay
Anyway, I got a package on the way
I also bought a bunch of other important life news about me
Peter, you just
Just over there
Listen up, Jack
Yes?
Bonzibyl from Just Manma Jam 300 Shani T.C. Coins
And I've been dying to say this
If Jenna can rejuice drunk ultid you can rescue Puffy Bear
Mr. President
Honestly, you need to relax
You're probably sick, you're old, and you need to be retired
I'm sorry to be so harsh, but you shouldn't be ordering me around anymore
When was he ever ordering you around?
He's a president, who knows
He could have been telling me to do all sorts of things
Hmm, okay
Okay
Gosh, it's gotta be news time, right?
What could have happened in the world?
Well, well, you better find out together, everybody
With the news
Nobody panic
I know there's a lot going on in the world, but fortunately
Your dear old power daddy Rick
Like a high level power bottom and a fulsome fair
Is willing to absorb the news deep inside me
And buck it back at you
In a way that honestly leaves us both
Making the ego face
That's your intro?
That's my intro for the day
Anyway, you were out, so you don't even know what happened
I mean, I think everybody kind of knows what the major news was last week
Well, you want to talk about ice?
Uh, well, probably we should
But what you probably mean is the groundhog
Of course you mean the groundhog
Guys, yesterday, which we're also calling last week
The groundhog did a thing
Did he see a shadow?
You might already have had it spoiled
Because somebody was sick yesterday and couldn't watch it live
Yeah, that's true. I do wish I could have
But fortunately, we have it
Don't speak for me, case. We have it right here. I'm assuming
Better not talking
Certain Chicago wrestlers
How do we know if he sees it?
They're moving his head around too much
Are they gonna whack him with that?
Did they whack him every year?
We look to the future and not
I don't think they hit him with a
Shalely
Whatever that was
Could use a forecast
So quiet
Turned all the way up
It is my job this February 2
To look to the skies and report back to you
That there is a shadow here on my ground
Six more weeks of winter abound
Oh my god, he wraps like a hype train
Honestly even better
He's only right 40% of the time
That's better than me about the weather
Although in LA it's usually easy
It'll probably be warm and sunny
Six more weeks
Selfishly
In sunny Los Angeles
Yeah, we get it. We're in Los Angeles
Yeah, I'm in LA
Even, yeah, no big deal
It's not a big deal
Yeah, but I know big deal a lot
I'm in LA
Anyway, you know, it's actually nicer in the winter
So for me
I don't care if it's cold for the rest of you
Okay, so people literally died this week
Because it was so cold
Rick, you don't get to
Moralize to me
I'm supposed to moralize to you
Hey, what about the Epstein files?
Oh, great
Let's talk about, uh
Let's talk about that
Do we got it?
No, and we really don't
Honestly, everybody's probably already heard most of the stuff
But let's do it
We're claiming it's a new show
So let's do it anyway
A bunch of Epstein files came out
And honestly it's
It's just more of the same
Groundhog day, am I right?
This is more of the same stuff
It seemed kind of maybe worse
Well, honestly, maybe not worse
Was it even more explicit?
Yeah, more of the
What are you doing?
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
Are you okay?
I'm doing it
I'm not afraid of it
It's fine
Look, it's uh
Everybody commits crimes
We gotta stop being like rich people or aliens, okay?
Everybody commits a couple crimes in their life
You're always doing hallucinogenic drugs or whatever
Always
You're probably on them right now
Well, I'm not right now
But you're always doing them
I very rarely do them
How very rare
I'm not on trial here
That's my point
It doesn't feel good to be called out
I don't
That's very different
Just saying everybody commits crimes
And you gotta let justice
Give us a little more time
You're not even in the FBI
Is it the FBI files I thought?
I thought you're in the CIA
You know, we're like
We're scissoring all the time
We are grinding our crotches together
All the time
But also we had nothing to do with them
I had nothing to do with this
Yeah, you know, you're not in there, Rick
I know
Because I
Did
Because he's gross, that's why I'm not
Are you sad that you're not in the Epstein files?
Are you sad?
No
I don't believe you
I'm not sad
Well, how would I be?
Probably wouldn't have redacted you if you weren't just so you know
Okay
Well, they didn't redact a bunch of victims, it turns out
We were under a real time crunch
Everybody was
This is the problem, I mean
We gotta, these things take time
Six million Epstein files
And we're just supposed to crank them out
On command
Because a bunch of senators and congresspeople decided
That it's suddenly time
That they're cops
I don't, I don't think that's what happened, Rick
What was
What even, nobody's even, none of them were even that bad
That's your, that's your new sin
None of them were even that bad
What about all the ones that are explicitly about torture?
There weren't that many of those
Okay
You sure?
Go to the, go to J-Mail and search torture
J-Mail, that's
Nothing
We've looked at it before
You're gonna make me do it?
Torture
There's only 72 results for torture
Seems like a lot of results for torture
You don't use the word torture in emails
Well, it was despite all the tortured points you make
Hit the graphic for when I do a good job
No, I know
Come on, I'll do it
I will do it
I'll do it
Add your life
That's not the one I meant to hit
I'm
I look at
Um
Who's Bryce Gordon?
Nobody, the seat is the problem
Who even are these people?
Do you know who Bryce Gordon is?
He claimed to be an international
creep
The expert is actually what I say
Hot water line and thermostat shower valve
and cabana three blew apart last night
The wall between the bathroom and the shower
That houses the veil filled with hot water
Which resulted in water seeping into the bathroom
Anyway, they got a
See this is normal house stuff
And then Richard Khan says thanks for the updates
Who's responsible for this hot water line
Was Jay involved?
Our crew?
Was this the first time the water was tested?
Please advise
And then Epstein replies
Sorry, yes, it's meant to torture
Equal I'm
Why are there so many equals
Equal signs in this?
Oh good, that's your question
But there he's
It's probably a joke, right?
How would I know?
I thought you're supposed to know
It's gotta be a joke though
Why would he have a torture hot water line?
This is because I mean it's more and suddenly
Because there's even worse mentions of torture
Says you
You're gonna make me search up more of these Epstein files
Steven Hawking
I believe is in there
Gates is all over there
No Chomsky's in there
Everybody that has been in there
The one that everyone was kind of dunking out over the week
Because it's an incredible combination of pathetic
Endless, I mean it's all pathetic
But like socially pathetic
Even in the pedophile circle was of course Elon Musk
Um, but there's millions of files and thousands more emails now
Um, so there's just a lot
I don't know there's like really more that we could honestly talk about
If I did this all week
If we wanted to like deep dive it which I don't
The basics are still what they have been
Which is clearly
There's some kind of sex trafficking ring going on
Almost certainly involving underage girls
That's
A troubling percentage of the world's most rich and powerful people seem to be
Have been heavily involved in for years
So that is still the basic facts of it
Unfortunately
Without further action like or clear investigations into a lot of this
I love
Okay
I'll just say I love thank you for the follow
Um
Firstly with a more of an investigation
Uh, it's hard to say what will come of even these
Extremely damning emails and files that have been dropped what will happen exactly I'm not gonna guess things could happen
Our things currently happening doesn't seem like anyone in the United States is facing consequences
Um
But anyway
If I can find any of these
Which I guess I could have pulled up before the stream
But I didn't
Um
God there's just so many fucking crazy ones
I guess I probably wouldn't need to pull these up
before this
Because if you just
Click on random ones
They're all just so like
like here
Oh, I'm supposed to just
Helping Bora win his case got this done quite funky and happy it worked
And then there's a news article this is because we searched torture
Jeffrey I'm not going to torture Cynthia, but please stay on up of her
So that the agreements are signed this we
I don't think this is I think it was always actually typed surprisingly
Um
From how how does he mention torture in an email about daylight savings time?
And what world uh or land does it possibly make sense to get a dark a equal 4 30 p.m
For Africans, this is like slow and brutal torture. That's a normal use of torture
I didn't say there's a lot of torture in here
Um
Anyway, I I don't really actually feel like continue to click on torture another thing you can search that um
Probably have certain people that were interested in certain conspiracies in the last 10 years
That has a ton of results is pizza
Uh, well come on if you search anybody's email people are always ordering pizza
Pizza for bobby. I know bobby loves to rose pizza on hueson seed. That's just pizza
Would it be okay to go to red hook for an hour to have a quick pizza?
I need to make plans. I can meet at n equals out. Okay. See you. Do you want pizza?
Can I talk to sanjay hinduja owner of golf oil limited about api if yes, what are the deal parameters acquire api?
Well, I shouldn't oh and the subject is pizza
There's a lot of very weird uses of pizza again. I did not pull up any emails before the stream
But he's constantly saying send in the pizza
I'd love a slice of pizza just emails that he's writing
about pizza
and ice cream
At one point he says he's watching a video of a melting cheese pizza
There's various emails about just straight up murder
again, uh, we didn't even pull up the really egregious torture emails, but
There's ones where he's like I love the torture video
some people suspect it was an email that he sent to netanyahu or was
Sent to him by him a lot of the shit's redacted. So it's hard to say
um
Some of the stuff they didn't redact it turns out
Which fortunately I haven't seen in my
General perusal of this information is they just didn't redact a bunch of nudes of the victims
Oh, well, there are just so many
Again, they were in a hurry
They redacted so many names of guys sending emails about
pizzas
But they didn't even redact several of just the nudes of children
again, there were just a lot of
Redactions to do you're about to say there's a lot of nudes of children
right about a couple
And you know, there's enough redactions to do some of this stuff slips through
Just doesn't maybe it wasn't the highest priority. It seems like
Probably when you're scrolling through these files nudes of children would jump out
Like the fbi works really hard and
That's difficult. You know, so the fbi directionally have the job for a year. So
A lot to do
This is the department of justice, right
And the journals that the victims kept had to be decoded. I mean, yeah, they leaked tons of like addresses for victims names of victims
Well, they didn't leak they just didn't redact them. As usual, their redactions are
Really half-assed in some cases you can uncover the information by copying pasting it into a word doc
Just like last time
Um, anyway, we
I just I guess I got the easy joke is groundhog day
Because it really does feel like the exact same thing that keeps happening
I guess you could argue maybe that's the point
They're hoping if they leak this information out and just keep hitting us with it again and again and again
Time will just sort of act as a dissolvent or
These outrageous things come out and then nothing happens and we're all kind of annoyed that nothing happens
But we get used to nothing happening
I don't know if that's how this is going to turn out. This really feels socially dissolving to me like
The the emails if you have been keeping up with them at all many of them are so fucking creepy and egregious even redacted
They seem to be about torturing and murdering or tort torturing and murdering children in plenty of cases
If that's not the case, they really need to do something to make that case
You're seeing the case a lot. I'm not related to me
They really need I would if I was in power it it seems like it would be necessary
To do something here because even if it doesn't have immediate results
And I know the knock on americans somewhat deserved is that we will just take anything as long as we get to eat burger
But I really do think this shit is dark enough and sick enough
Yeah, eating people cannibalism seems to be referenced like it it really feels like it's just confirming all of people's most
You know intense assumptions pizza gaiti kiwanani shit
um
That I just don't I don't think this will go down smooth. I think even if nothing happens immediately
Uh, this is socially dissolving in a way where there will be knock on consequences
eventually for this shit
I could be wrong. I'm often wrong
But I and I'm not saying they'll be positive
I don't I don't mean that there'll be like a healthy societal response where we act like
Social antibodies and destroy the elites that are literally preying on people
Um, I just think it'll come out in all sorts of trip a fucked up ways the midterms
Possibly I think the midterms are almost guaranteed to go poorly for the republicans if they happen in any kind of legitimate way, which is
unfortunately an active question
I just mean
um
Whether you're a democrat or a republican
If they really just keep dropping these
huge tranches of emails and and fbi tips
Half of which are about the most famous men on the planet
Literally raping and murdering children
Um, not half but large swaths of them are are directly seemingly about that
And if the only response
is just
Ah, it's crazy
Oh geez. Well, we'll see
I really think even in this country eventually that will push people to some sort of breaking point
I could just see this leading to all sorts of
Fucked up social consequences in the next several years as there continues to be
Just general downward and up to upward pressure of the economics of our country no longer making any fucking sense
um, so
I don't think any of this bodes well for anything obviously
um
I guess best case scenario
This will dissolve people's at least it'll dissolve more people's image of of wealthy
elites as like smart power brokers one of the more interesting
Um videos that was released
I haven't looked into if there were other videos of of like abuse released
I certainly wouldn't watch them if they were but whatever anyway
The drop site released a video that was just an interview with jeffrey eppstein comes conducted by fucking steve bannon
apparently which was part of some
Attempt by steve bannon to rehab jeffrey eppstein's reputation explicitly. There's all sorts of emails in
The files that were released from uh bannon and eppstein about like rehabbing his
Image and making him into more of a philanthropist instead of just a pedophile just a philanthropist who slipped up and had sex with a 17-year-old
Uh, anyway in this video where it's like a two-hour interview with uh,
Fucking eppstein that's meant to make him look interesting and like he really understands world events and economics
He comes off like the world's dullest fucking rube. He just is offering
Dollar store advice on fucking economics and and attempting to sound professorial. He sounds like a fucking idiot
So, I mean one of the more
Bizarre things I think is just
Again, it's like the world's dumbest pedophiles are just getting away with this again and again and again
I don't think it's intelligence that really gets you to the top of our society as it's currently structured
It really just seems to be a willingness
uh to be an insanely selfish ruthless and
essentially like a
A blood worshiper like a demonic fucking maniac that is just willing to hurt people that seems to be what gets you to the top
Just be uh, essentially a shameless
um
worshiper of ritual sacrifice of of the poor and women and minorities
um, and I don't even mean that in like a satanic ritual like
Just a societal ritual of abusing these people seems to be what gets you to the top
You never saw about the men some meetings
And yeah, it's also a cult. I mean it both just an occult and a structural way like uh
These people seem to be obsessed with violence and just doing it as a means of control
Um, and it seems to be kind of ritualized in their social structure as well
Anyway, I hope
I hope this leads to some type of awakening. Um
I hope all of the societal pressure that we're all probably feeling atmospherically
Leads to
This type of elite um facing
The worst consequences
Obviously, there's not a great history of that in human history, but it's never too late to hope I guess
That could be too late. It could be too late for sure
Well, we'll see who's right
I'm just gonna go ahead and hope anyway
If you're in the epsom files, you get tax 90 percent. I mean at the very least
These people in the epsom files need to be reinvestigated like in any type of administration that was
Remotely invested in public image
Uh, they would have to like
Either show that there has already been a substantial investigation and offer some kind of rationale
For why people like
Um, Leon black for instance, why are they still just walking around like they haven't done anything?
Uh, but really just pass that like, you know, even bill clinton
Why the fuck is bill clinton not being actively investigated and and bill clinton is supposed to appear I guess in some sort of um
What congress the senate hearing I think senate hearing committee or something good
Those tend to be kind of spectacly so we'll see what comes of that but I mean
I think anybody who's appearing in these files substantially
If there was obvious if we weren't headed by literally the guy who's most
Substantially in these fucking files that I think people like, you know bill gates, etc
Um, would they would need to be investigated and if it's if it's found that they were fucking joining in on these like
At best, I guess fucking a bunch of teenagers on an island getaways. That's the best case scenario. I think
Uh, for what the what they were up to over there
Then there should obviously be consequences and beyond even just the pedophilia and sexual abuse of adults as well
The other thing that all of these files show is just that
All of these people are constantly power-broken in ways that
At least the files would suggest are somewhat illegal like they're literally just meeting
To constantly discuss
How they can grease the wheels of whatever they're trying to accomplish
Another thing that these files seem to pretty clearly point to is that epsin was
Absolutely working with intelligence and all sorts of capacities
Um, be that america intelligence or misad. I honestly, I don't think you even really need to draw the distinction necessarily between the cia and misad
I'm sure there are distinctions, but
I think you know you work for both and I think he was working for both
So
Just it points to all sorts of structural issues
But I think the the thing about the sexual abuse is it kind of just underlines the general abuse
Of just people of of the poor of minorities of uh anyone who's not in the circle
The idea is that you are exposed that you are expendable
That you can be abused
And that they can abuse you at will
And I do think again if if these files just come out and none of the people in them face any consequences
If donald trump just gets to retire, which is unfortunately likely or if he gets to be president again, which is an impossible
Um, then essentially the the thing that we are all accepting is just that these guys can do whatever they want to anybody
um
So I don't know
They don't have uh, mr. Movie says they don't have enough real problems are constantly
Breaking boundaries that shouldn't be broken
Yeah
He's going to part himself in every one of his um selected cabinet on the way out
Yeah, I don't know why he wouldn't but
Again if there's enough of a rupture in public trust then a president pardoning themselves doesn't have to mean anything
I mean it
As this administration has shown the constitution doesn't have to mean anything if there's a will for there to be consequences
Then there could be consequences
regardless of what
A particular previous leader wants to have happened
Um, you know an act of like congress in the senate could I believe negate a pardon if they wanted to because ultimately
The society is just a but all of these rules are just an agreed upon reality
These files fucking show
um
Eagle trust as we are relying on a congress and a senate that shows to have no teeth in exchange for money
Yeah, again the the reason it feels hopeless is because
All the most powerful people who all of our congress people and senators
In general are beholden to are if not directly involved with epstein involved with people like him or
You know the the network of like billionaires and their servants
And isn't that huge it's it's like an elite circle. So all these people are fucking involved with each other
um
Again, it's it's not even entirely you can't like perfectly map out what exactly was happening with epstein from these files because it's it's a fucking mess
There's also all sorts of fbi tips included in these files some of which seem to not be
True I guess in some cases or are they're not from reliable sources
part of the issue of just dumping all this shit on people and and not really being able to
Actually talk about it as the institution that is releasing the files
If they're just putting them out there, they're not offering additional context
There's like fbi tips on like jz and push a t that for instance that probably aren't fucking true
uh, but
When you just put all this shit out there it just creates a mountain of insanity
Uh enough of it is just direct emails from epstein up to various people that clearly certain things were going on
Obviously says if you are a misogynist feel jogen and you need money for an operation
A state likely isn't funding it directly it is going through power or through a broker
And he might have been a broker who passed on info, but that's it
Yeah, maybe
um
I mean if you are in intelligence
Info is largely the job of intelligence. Um
So if he was some sort of asset passing along information particularly on the wealthy then
Again, I'm not saying there's no distinction between like misan and the cia. I'm just saying he could easily be working for both
It's sort of like the people drawing a distinction between israel committing a genocide in the united states committing a genocide
Obviously there is a distinction
But we both are
um
I guess I just feel like people operating at epstein's level
essentially are
They're just advocating for a social class at a certain point and I maybe they're like certain
Certain parts of their agenda are more in favor of the united states or israel or specific nation
To me it really feels like all of these like
globe-bestriding elites are essentially
operating
Extra nationally in a lot of cases, you know, they're just essentially
Existing to crew to to create success for themselves and those around them
um well success and
clearly other things
A live see says and if it's a us based it goes through aloof and david didn't have epstein as an asset
I don't yeah, I'm not in the weeds enough to know
What you're referencing there
um
Clearly i'm somewhat ranting, uh
Without offering a ton of context
We could go further into the files, but seeing as I wasn't here for a week
um
And you've probably if you're interested in this already seen a lot of spicer emails. We don't really have to
You're just spilling state secrets in in twitch chat
Wait a minute
Who does alive and sleazy work for the people?
Sinister dev says it technically shouldn't work even if we enter marshala we'd have we've held elections in worse conditions
We've had elections during major crises wars even when we were at war with ourselves
Uh, trump could say no election and technically states could still proceed with holding elections from what I've read recently at least
Yeah, I I know trump has been trying he's been talking lately about nationalizing the elections in certain states
Uh, I believe generally states elections are run by state election commissions. Um
trump seems clearly invested in
Adjusting things to be more favorable to him. I it's hard to say what would happen. I mean, I think trump at this point
is actually unpopular clearly he's got like a
Uh fairly resolved fan base
Of both republicans and diehard maga people
There is like a limit I think to um like what he can pull off probably still
but I'm
I'm not in the prediction game, baby
Uh, I do know that there it certainly it seems like the trump administration is invested in adjusting
How our elections currently function and I don't think they would be adjusting it
um in favor of fairness
Once April freaks his constitution says states run their own elections. Oh, but trump doesn't care. Yeah, he's well
Yeah, that's what I mean. Trump doesn't seem to care much about the constitution
and the constitution is
A guideline for these people and and it's sort of it's it's as enforced as it is enforced and
It seems to be currently on a downward trend of how much it's going to be enforced
He's clearly invested in shitting his pants that is a great point
triples
You know if we're gonna watch one video today before we move on to other stuff
um
We gotta at least watch this and you know what I'll play the whole thing if I can find it
And you can and and we'll see chat. I'll turn the volume way up
Can I find the actual just video itself though?
Someone must have just put up the video. I don't need the 10 minute breakdown of it
Please
Show me the trump chart
There's a video basically of trump sharding his pants
And I'm curious if I can find just that clip. You know what probably twitter has it
It's it's a it's a true. It's a true um
Canary, nicole mine
Of trump gas type video
Trump shart. I thought I saw it in like a 90 second video
Okay, this is 38 seconds. That's probably enough only problem is lately
Twitter's been really quiet on my stream
Let's see if this I'll turn the volume up. Uh if it's too quiet
Chemists are coming up with new opioids faster than the government has been able to keep up
We're going proactive on these new chemicals. That's good. No, I hear fantastic things
Thank you all very much. We really appreciate it. Thank you
Thank you all very much
Appreciate it
The one I saw the shart did occur in a different place
I think I could hear where they think the shart happened there. I could have sworn it was an earlier shart
This is why I need to find the original youtube video
That's the expert. Okay, alive and sleazy has my back here
Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is so
Oh good. This is the exact one I I was watching
See forbs still believes in posting the original video here we go
Chad I'm gonna I'll turn it up as much as I can you can be the judge
I'm so proud of you guys. I promise some great things happening, right?
Morning, it's great really great things happening. I hear and some pretty big announcements over a short period of time, right?
Yep, moving drugs over the counter so you don't need a prescription
Yeah, right in the lock zone which treats opioid is one of those drugs
And we're being proactive with synthetic 708 a new opioid that's showing up and we're working with the doj on addressing that because
Chemists are coming up with new opioids faster than the government has been able to keep up
We're going proactive on these new chemicals. That's great. Now I hear fantastic things
Thank you all very much. We really appreciate it. Thank you us
It's going to fantastic. Thank you all very much
Chad, I don't know
Thank you, please
Mr. President can you respond to the new fox poll that says people think ice is attractive or aggressive?
Look at Omega reds face here
All right, we're going to go back to the moment Chad. We'll see if you can really hear it drugs
And we're being proactive with synthetic 708 a new opioid that's showing up and we're working with the doj on addressing that because
Chemists are coming up with new opioids
Faster than the government has been able to keep up. We're going one more time
Are coming up with new opioids faster than the government has been able to keep up
We're going proactive on these new chemicals. You can look at her face
Faster than the government has been able to keep up. We're going proactive
It could
It really sounds like they snuck a tiny microphone up to his asshole
because it's like
You really think that's an actual
It's something it sounds like a fart. It could be
Look powerful men wear squeaky shoes
They're wearing fine leathers. Okay, and those are natural leather noises
That's I've never heard a shoe make that squeaky of a fart
No fart is that clear. I'm sure it was clear if you were right behind them
You see the lady in green's face. She has a name case and if I knew it, I would say it
Show some respect. You don't know it either, but I would if I were going to accuse her of smelling a fart
It resonated through the chair up to his mic. It shook the whole room
It really the the vibe I could be reading into this, but the vibe is that they all smell it
I mean granted RFK
Uh always has
A shit face on
Just the face of a man constantly smelling shit. I can't imagine RFK himself smells that good
He's always driving around in fucking vans filled with like animal carcasses and shit
So the the general smell I'm guessing of the Trump administration and this could be wish-casting, but I'm guessing it's not too pleasant
But man, I've heard
It's hard to say it's hard to say how much of this is just like
Live youtubers being like Trump smells like shit, but I've heard that he smells like shit at least online
And it seems like he would he certainly looks like a bad smell
So I can only imagine if he's just shitting his pants right in front of you
It's gotta be it's gotta be next level
You gotta know when to hold him
Well, the other thing is it's a power move. Okay, just like telling someone they have bad breath
Is a power move I knew you do by the way case
Yeah, good. I hope I smell terrible for you. See it's a power move. Well, actually no, you're supposed to feel bad that
I said you have bad breath
um
I I don't
It's not allowed
The neck pussy was talking. Yeah, maybe it was a neck quiff a new leaf
That's not a thing a new leaf is not a thing. What's the president does it it's
Established and sir
I respect the new leaf. Were you saluting too? No, I was doing this
Should do it the other way some producer of the apprentice said Trump smelled like shit and never got sued
Well, maybe rick's right. Maybe maybe Trump wants to smell like shit
Because I guess that they gotta put up with it and that's just another
Eventually your bad smell becomes like an aphrodisiac of power
You're sounding a little epsdini right now. You say that about everything
It sounds
Yeah, the news sounds awful lately. I have to say saying the news out loud
Usually it usually seems like it's bad. Um
The light spot of the news is Trump shitting himself
In meetings, that's the best we got
Uh, okay. Anyway, last thing last thing and then we'll get off
We'll get off this Epstein track that we're on
Well as much as we can
We're all kind of strapped to it. Yes very much. Um
Just in case anyone in chat missed it. I gotta at least be able to find
Apparently there were some musky emails that were fake
Um
Okay, so you got to read this from the bottom up. I'm pretty sure this one is real
That's the other problems people have been creating tons of fake epsdini emails and posting them and there's like
thousands to millions of files and or or emails
um
So it could be a little difficult to tell but anyway for what I can tell this one is real and I do think it is
If you can then you can't really
I'd say four of tronche of emails about pedophiles. This is one of the funnier ones
That's quite the caveat case. It really is but anyway, read this from the bottom up rick
Oh
I made the same nice case at the same time
from uh
Jeffrey Epstein on
September 11th, 2013 any plans for new york the opening of the general assembly has many interesting people coming to the house
reply from
Elon musk, but you don't get to know his email. Sorry everybody
I run a lead product design engineering for two complicated companies
Moreover space x is about to launch what is arguably the most advanced rocket in history flying to new york to see un diplomats
Do nothing would be an unwise use of my time. You didn't even do
Didn't even do it in his voice rick
I don't do it. I've seen one. I mean in musk. I don't do either of their voices
That's too bad
What do you mean?
I run a lead product design for two engineer complicated companies actually sound a little bit like him
Anyway, that's what musk said
reply from uh, eppstein, do you think I'm can I say it case? I'd I'd prefer that you don't
Do you think I'm r-worded just kidding. There is no one over 25 and all very cute
I true. I truly believe that no one was over 25. Um
Minus all the guys that were in their 50s and 60s
Well, they don't count they're beyond age
Was that rick
Is the thing they would say
Sontons is at this point. We're gonna just need to burn the whole white house down to the ground and rebuild
Our plans circa 2008
Uh, yeah, let's go war of 1812 with it guys
Let's just say let's let's just give ourselves back to the uk
They're not really any better, but are they that much worse? I think they actually might be worse. Oh, yeah
It might be
Uh, oh, well, let's just oh wait. No, we should just give ourselves back
We should just give the country back to the native americans now that I think about it
I'm listening. You're listening to that one. I'm listening to that one
To say you're in charge of us
We'll pay it back by
By just working for you now and we'll see what they do. It could be that much worse
um
Turns out corruption everywhere
Canada did burn the white house down in 1912
He did
Good plan. You've got my vote
You know, I'm just by putting support for some bold ideas here
1812 right
I feel like I would have heard about the 1912 one, but
I you know what I'm going with what you put first. I'm still mad about what canada did in 1912
You know, I'm fine with it. Um, they're an enemy now. We've decided they're an enemy. So yeah, they burned the white house down in 1912
It's the type of disinformation we're really committed to here at this network. Don't call it disinformation. Oh, shit. I'm doing it wrong
Okay, uh, that's we'll say that's news for now. It looks like we've got some other segments to do
Um, this one has been behaving somewhat oddly lately from a technical standpoint
But let's set it down to munch and crumb to see what they feel like yelling about today
That's frickin right
I'm back in the saddle
Again and unfortunately
Someone brought a donkey
So now I'm supposed to be in a horse saddle and what I have is a is a shitty donkey and that's and that's you Kremens
what I'm trying to say
Somebody did you did Stella take your groove away?
Because that was a bad insult intro from you
But also kind of bad from you. Did some did Stella fuck your groove out of your mouth
I think we might both be off of our game today
Because a lot of our friends are having a rough week. What?
Oh, yours aren't
Which of your friends
I just you know
Quaint, did you make throughout the world of politics just it's been a difficult week
because of
Because of the ice stuff of the ice stuff
There's your mother stuff and so
Are you saying this
Not my no not my pet old friends not my pet old friends. Look. I wear as upset as all of you
Okay, every three months we get really as upset as all of you that so many guys that we know
Just they're not the stand-up guys that we thought they were
You know for years I've known
um
Some of these guys which guys some of these guys
And a lot of them they I swear they you know people have lapses
Um, and I don't stand by what they did at all. Why who is trying to stand by what they did?
I don't stand by what they did at all
Um, I do think there needs to be a path
Towards forgive as a as a christian and catholic
I do think there needs to be past the forgiveness for everyone obviously
But I do not stand behind what some of these men have been up to obviously
Oh, obviously for you. I assumed most of these guys were dudes you're still hanging out with
Obviously, I could if I wanted to
I mean obviously if I wanted to I could have been involved in all of this, but that's how forward think I've been involved in enough
You know rich you
Look, I'm 1600 years old. Okay, some of the stuff being described was just
A friday fair in Rome is all I'm saying
I think you're actually saying something worse than me. No, no, I'm saying I'm an immortal who has of course
Existed during different times
I am saying with what everything that came out is bad. It's what I'm saying. Ultimately, that's what I'm saying
You were an actual hell you've probably done worse thing
Says you and a couple of my dreams and a few of the boils that grew my house that grew out of me recently
But those were also dreams. I think that I had
several days while awake
The question is who are crumbs friends that he's talking about genital slit cum shock epstein taint and mickey mouse
Well, mickey mouse was not in there directly. What it wasn't obviously some people have been involved in the creation of mickey mouse
They're tangentially involved with several of the people mickey was shorted. Yes. Mickey wasn't in the epstein files
I didn't read that file, but he's in the ones that you guys don't get to see
But yes, the actual man who's mickey mouse
Wasn't in the files. There's an actual guy's I've that's the thing I know too
You know what I just I'm so out of shorts today. I'm saying stuff. I shouldn't the winner was
mickey mouse
He's a friend
I don't stand by what he did
If I was mickey mouse in he's in there he's in there
That's why mickey mouse was so sad in that youtube video
But I guess that makes sense. Look the question we're asking ourselves today is will puffy bear forgive case
for
abandoning him
and no
Well, like I said, there need to be passed to forgiveness
for everyone
These are supposed to turn off and they and then I'll be real with you. They just don't I don't know why
There's a lot of the things on this dream just don't work
Well, anyway, I believe there's paths to forgiveness for even the greatest singers. I said singers
Maybe brian singer, you know, he's not in there. I think but epstein is how does that about uh, bratt ratner is how does that make sense
What are you talking about? Look brian singer was a good friend of mine. Why are you admitting that?
Obviously it was I mean, you know, we used to vacation together
But I never knew he was a bad guy. It's just so many guys. You mean they seem like stand-up guys
Look, um, I'm saying he won't forgive. Can we just get on topic here? It's just a hard week for me
It shouldn't be well the ice stuff too
Anyway, past to forgiveness for everyone is my point and forgiveness doesn't mean no consequences though
There won't will be none of those obviously
um
But I do believe conceptually in the idea of forgiveness
Anything did you board and I say that so I'll go with um, yes, he will forgive case
or it
Whatever it look if there's
Fuck was that one of the dancing bears
Where else he's still on I don't know forgive but never forget exactly. How is that useful if forgiveness also includes no
Like obviously I'm in favor of no consequences in all sorts of cases for me because I've never done anything wrong
But most people can't live up to my standard
Including case who puffy bear should not forgive if we have a mod that can make this debate so that crump can stop fucking talking himself
into like a
A fucking drop site article. I mean, I'm I'm honestly I just not politically active enough to still get that kind of coverage
You never got fucking that kind of coverage
I look a lot of the things I used to say had a lot of consequences
And they would get right up so you know in the salons of the day
But for now we're talking about puffy bear. Okay, and if you will forgive
Case and well, I do believe puffy bear might be a demon
Demons actually do follow some laws of christian theology and the most fundamental of which is forgiveness
I do believe that at their very being all all demons are actually just seeking cosmic forgiveness from the lord above
Whether they're the nun from those scary movies
You know who are other demons the the cast of hobo hotel or whatever it's called
All these demons are really just seeking forgiveness
And I do think case if you take the right tact here with the demonic entity that you've summoned into your own living room
And if you really confront whatever cosmic trauma created it and created some kind of malevolent being inside of this cushiony bear
You can eventually release the demon
And it's it's a negative essence will be scattered to the stars
And that is sort of the ultimate element of forgiveness as seen ritualistically in various horror movies throughout the year
So just go through whatever process you need to to release the demon from this bear
And you will essentially in a cosmic sense achieve forgiveness
Just like I think yeah, and I'd say a lot of the same things to bill gates
Eat look for first of all
Demons are demons like doing fucked up shit
Puffy bear is some kind of fucked up demon for sure. There is no forgiveness. There is only pain
Look, I've met the cast of hellraiser before they were famous back in the uh, like, you know 3000 bc
um
And they don't forgive, you know, they really just do shit because they actually love pain pain for pleasure. That's a real thing
Uh, they're not in the forgiving business. They're in the like hooks in your skin
Everybody's sort of coming but screaming come is sort of blood that's sort of I think more of the wavelength puffy bear is on
So there will be no forgiveness and I guess that you're just not ready to accept these dark eldritch truths yet chat
But I understand that you're this is that you like to prank me that essentially this is a prank because there's just no
Fucking reason that that crumb would ever win
and yet
It would seem
Yeah
Crumb jutsu, no, this is all going in the sun. That's one of my new moves. It's one of my new solitory silver touring moves
Crumb jutsu drunken style drunken crumb jutsu. Let's get a fun right
Crumb believed the shoot wasn't there in this world of just
What are you fucking what what even was that that you were just you know, don't explain it. Well, I could explain it more, please
Hold on tight prepare for this is the worst news of the day. Well, then you're living a charmed life
I gotta say because if if a smile on this face is the worst thing that happens in your day
Well, I'd love to walk up high in those shoes because it must be extra cushioned. Okay
Okay, pass the forgiveness for all of us. God be with you. I I do forgive you for your hatred of me
And that goes for everyone in chat. It's feeling a certain type of way. I'm returning your hate with a little bit of love
I'm lactating love right now or have a little bit have a little bit
Imagine me as a cow with big udders and I'm dripping some milk into your mouth the milk of forgiveness
If I was a cow, I think the udders would come out of my chest
Oh
You're crumb believable
Maybe fc is alive and he's fixing all of these votes
If he's the demon of our age
Then he would definitely be invested in you winning
Is that why you're so upset because you know fc is still alive and he'll never be able to make a comeback because people don't
Like him so much
I know I I never was close to the man
Though I do believe in past forgiveness for all of us
Epstein in a cosmic sense. Obviously we we can't forgive the things he did in life
But I do think in death it's important to forgive everyone
That's what christ would do. We can't give him into the um, you know the more
Malevolent aspects of the demiurge
You voted for a man is talking about forgiving epstein right now
Cosmically and in a legal sense you're saying in a spiritual sense it's important to have forgiveness in your heart for even the worst among us
Except for hitler
Uh, that's where you draw the line. He gets to be he gets to be the universal baddie
from a son like hey man adam page
Well, um, I don't know what he's hanging and I hope it's not man
But if it is I do forgive him. It's a fucking wrestler you dumbass
And that's not like a wrestling guy
Is he like um
He like a gym night heart type
Who it's my main touchpoint for wrestling. Is he like a gym night heart type?
God bless who who in this case?
You know what you're you're the one who's stressed today
All I'm talking about is stuff everybody agrees with
Just forgiving your enemies and being a good guy
And yes, that includes Jeffrey Epstein. Why are you talking about that?
I'm talking about this right now. What am I saying this so bad? What am I saying this so he's dead?
He's dead. I'm saying why would we carry around anger in our hearts?
If forgive your enemies, that's all these classic christian. I'm being a good guy right now
By saying forgive every jeff Jeffrey Epstein. You almost said every jeppstein
I'd hate to be named that right now. Can you imagine if your name was every jeppstein?
There's probably a guy out there named that
Who is named that there's probably a guy
In everywhere he goes. He's it's actually effery
We shouldn't be laughing. It's a serious topic, but it's all the time we have
I for the record controversial opinion. I don't forgive jeffry Epstein
Sorry
Sorry, actually. I'm not sorry crumb. You did say you're sorry though
So maybe actually what you're feeling in your heart is the twinkling of forgiveness
That is it. That's I think that's all the time we've ever had
Forever. I think I think you're gonna dissolve after this. I hope um, I actually I think I hit the wrong button. I ejected my shelf
I'm hitting the wrong button, which I think
Crumb, I'm outside and I'm wearing green
Crumb's gone
That's it. I'm calling upon the void to correct this
I'm all alone. Yes, what's up?
Peak want to play at seven is that too late? Let's do it seven o'clock
I'm gonna stream peak with christine everybody. So when they got 40 minutes of news left
Sounds good
Hey, also everybody
Who's that walking over here?
You're getting post shower Kendall
Who's the saddest Kenshin ever seen
I don't look good right now. You look beautiful
I
Get improved. I get improved at Kendall. Here you go. This will make you happy. I'm ready. I'm ready
I'm ready. Oh, you're ready. Okay, honey come over here. There we go
She's got a very elegant neck
Was my wife almost I look traffic
No
Is I am every jebstein actually I'm the guy that chrome was talking about and yes it has
And this is my beautiful wife sick right now
And I just washed my hair
This is more feel better
My wife melinda jebstein better. Oh honey. Oh, oh, oh, no, honey. Oh
Oh
Bye. Bye, honey. Anyway
I got to go who was sick first it was me, but I feel like I got it by going to disney
So
Liking the up to sequel the story of every jebstein
um
Thank you so much for the gifted sub to every jebstein skimer. I'm I'm glad that he gets to
Watch without ads. It's important
Did I not wash my hands? I was washing them all over the place
I also was
Essentially a fountain of snot for a whole week. So it's it was basically impossible for kennel not to get it
If it was gettable jebstein is a very supportive way
Clearly sticking with him through that name. Honestly, I'm still kind of sick. So
Maybe this is just how I am always know and made us have a permanent cold
So get used to this voice. It probably sounds about the same
Anyway, we're gonna do the news and then crumb broke everything. So let's try it. Let's do this one more time
Let's try this one more time
ridiculous
I wasn't called to set
Until just now
Yet I've been available this whole time
You don't want the star of your show leading the broadcast
And you wonder why you're always in negative follows case
What do you mean we got followed by some kind of ice joke?
But today
So breechy says she's been sick with allergies for like five years straight
Someday I'll move into a house that isn't 120 years old and they'll go away. Oh no, you're allergic to the age of your house
That's not what they mean you buffoon
I would take it easy on me. Okay. I'm slightly sick
Jeff retain ripple
You know my middle name your middle name is retain. Well, it's written you
But the the english pronunciation is retain
When we came over here from the foreign country, that is what they gave the guy at ellis island. We changed it to retain
But the historic name is return you
This is some deep jeff lor
What am I the only guy with a middle name in this place? No crumb has one too
You sure you didn't just read that in chat because you'll have to commit to this being your middle name forever
It's already been my middle name forever case
Some of us are actual guys
I forgot
The guy at ellis island must have heard some bangers back in the day
There's just one guy he had uh, and he was really racist unfortunately
He hated foreign sounding names an unfortunate job
For the guy whose job was to hear foreign names. He did hate them though and he'd say no your name's your name is uh, jeff
It's not
That's an old family name of mine
Jeff Filipino son deny a ripple. What do you mean deny my Filipino son? I love my Filipino son
Do people think I don't love my beautiful Filipino boy?
It's just that you call him your Filipino boy is weird. Why shouldn't I am proud of him?
For being Filipino
As someone who could possibly have
Filipino kids
I feel like you're setting a bad example for me jeff
What do you know that I don't I'm not I'm honestly, I'll probably never have kids
Sorry chat
Never too late actually can be too late for that
What what are we doing? We're doing the news you dummy
That we we haven't covered the chat news in
I think six months
so
um
I think
Yeah, I think we're still covering stories from over the summer
Oh, so like um ice and jeff ry epsdune. Mm-hmm
Groundhog day. Yeah, it's very funny
Case as a child sub goal. I don't think Kendall will appreciate that one
There's other ways. You know jeff
Uh chat news everybody
That's what we're doing. You don't have to tell me twice. All right
Oh my gosh
These stories won't load because there's so many ads
All right, this is all the news that you can share at the cream dot team the chat
In the bin section, there is a news thread and you can put news there
And I'll attempt to click on it if case doesn't waste my time too much
You're blaming me for being the world's slowest news reader
Oh, well, you gotta read the headline and then offer our analysis of a headline. That's what we do here jeff
adobe actually won't discontinue animate
I did not know that they were going to continue discontinue that so I'm glad to hear that
I'm continuing to be right by not knowing things
In this case you got lucky
Stranded horse rescued from frozen pond in Kentucky
Guys don't look
But I think he shit the ice. He was stranded. What's he supposed to do not shit all over the ice?
This is the same thing hockey players do when they lose
Firefighters responded to a pond in Kentucky where a horse wandered out onto the ice
And found itself unable to stand on the slippery surface
But then it was rescued then it was rescued. Oh my
No, don't show this. Oh my god. It's ben hooper everybody. Oh my god
That means we get to watch this ben hooper video. What are the chances he'd be here again?
Sorry, I forgot that the one guy on the planet who hates ben hooper
Is here with me
There's no time there's a lot of stories our wonderful audiences shared actually
And I bet they'd love to hear ben hooper. Maybe cover cover some of those same stories
But with his incredible playful
Sarcastic tone i'm ben hooper and this honestly the perfect blend of comedy and news
We're really gonna is your upi all news minute for monday february 2nd 2026
Finked pennsylvania groundhog punks. We saw this saw his shadow monday morning predicting six more weeks of winter
Really then pulled from his burrow. You still believe in this goblers. You believe in this childish ritual ben
Can you not pause the video for your
Editions here. We're trying to watch ben hooper's odd minute
We already saw i'm gonna skip ahead. We want ben hooper's analysis. I'm skipping a head case. We already saw this
35 percent in the past couple decades
Staten island chuck who the noah study named is the most accurate weather predicting groundhog with an accuracy rate of
85 percent
That's good punks a tony fill during his own monday morning ceremony at the statin island zoo
Moving on from rodent based forecasting to some film that turned out to be quite just move on ben
And then we'll know you've moved on actually we had all sorts of unnecessary transitional dialogue to our coverage jeff
Isn't that something you'd like not the way he does it. It's inefficient
We didn't need to know anything about a groundhog that wasn't punks a tony fill
Well, that other groundhog was 85 percent accurate and we never would have known that without ben hooper actually jeff
I could have covered it just as well a long lasting a photography shop in england is trying to solve the mystery of
Previously undeveloped photos found inside a used camera dating from the 1930s
Employees at the salisbury photo center said the camera was brought into the store by a
photographer who purchased it from a thrift store and discovered there was undeveloped film inside
Ian scott general manager at the salisbury photo center said he and his staff had to work very carefully to develop the photos without
Damaging the film he told the salisbury journal
It was amazing how clearly the photos came out after so many years
Some of the pictures appeared to depict a family ski trip at say this is literally it's just pictures of a family ski trip
From the 19th someone stumbled across history jeff by accident
It's like finding a superman comic. It's like finding action comics number one in your attic except it's fucking worthless
Not to the family that never
So saw these photos and ben hooper understands that if you'd let him fucking finish he probably informed us all about it jeff
Don't send it no stop it ain't moritz switzerland with the famous badgerets palace hotel visible in the background of some shots
Other photos appear to show how things i've never heard of 18 women having tea outside
What looks like an english manor house that's fascinating store posted the photos to social media in the hopes
Someone will recognize the people from the pictures for these stories and more national
International sports entertainment
science and odd news from united press international visit upi
Dot com follow the upi odd news minute on youtube and tiktok
Do you think this year's groundhog day predictions will prove accurate? Give us your forecasts in the comments
I should leave it. Let's leave a comment
What do you think's gonna happen?
I think
That is full of shit. How about that? I'm not leaving that as a comment. That's extremely rude for no reason
Well, I'll leave it. I
Will leave that comment
I don't know if i'm actually can I leave a comment? There's no comments. There's no comments
There's no comments on the video
We got to fix this
um
Let's ask chat what comment we should leave
What comment should we leave on ben hooper's video?
Chad it's up to you
Full disclosure if it is genital slit. I don't think I can leave that
That feels a little mean to ben hooper
Who's just doing his best
Great job, buddy. Jeff hates your content genital slit pizza hut and genital slit. Oh
The genital slit vote could be split here
I don't think I can leave the comment genital slit. Then why did you ask chat case?
Why even ask them?
because
There is watching there's much of a ben fan as any of us
Cream my seam cream my seam
What guys we're supposed to comment about the
About the groundhog
There's no way great job. Great job, buddy one
I was going to slam genital slit down for you chat. Well the genital slit vote was split by there being two options for genital slit
This is ridiculous
You're really gonna make you're gonna leave this. I got it. Yeah, what was it great?
job buddy
I think that was it um
Was it or was it great content?
It's important that I get this right
I really should have paid more attention
You don't even know what your own vote said
You son of a bitch
I'll figure it out for you
It was great job, buddy. You got it right
Oh, it was two exclamation points. Okay
I refuse to type that. Oh, don't worry. I got us
I got it right here. Boom comment
comment
And just like that
We are in business
It's important that you support your favorite creators
And as one of my favorite creators
You know knows that I think he's doing a great job
I feel like maybe I'm I'm wish I'm you know
Maybe I'm coming on too strong with buddy
Because I don't know him like that. Obviously I'd love to
But I hope he keeps it up. He will he never never shuts the fuck up
And you don't even know you don't even know ben hooper and yet i'm the bad guy the guy who's actually
Deal with this piece of shit. What did he ever do to you? He eats popsicles all the time
He likes him a lot and he's always got one
And then he leaves the sticks in the trash, but then the trash smells like popsicles
That sounds fine. He eats a lot. He eats too many. He's eating one a day. That's fine
He says that it's a healthy way to handle his sweet tooth that popsicles are actually fairly low calorie
Glow sugar compared to other desserts and I'm just like just eat a fucking cake you piece of shit
That's so mean we have comments you have ignored the comments case
And yet I'm supposed to be in trouble
Well, how the fuck is that there? Wow?
Bugs Bunny is only gay for elmer when bugs is dressed as a woman
You think he wants to fuck elmer during those moments?
I think if bug bunny is a real actor and he is a part of him has to want to fuck elmer fud
Kendall wants to play peak with marcus as a sub goal
Marvis or marcus
There's a marcus too
Kendall did say she doesn't want to play peak with um
With what's his face? Who's what's his face? It's a good question
With cryptos Zeus. I said do you want to play with?
Elite game streamer cryptos Zeus and she said I would really not like to do that
All right
Did you end up finding the previous expert under the pile of brandon's mom's requests?
I didn't I think I would have to go back to the vod it was requested on
Because it doesn't seem you know, maybe if I go to my twitch
Dashboard I can find it
If anybody remembers it though, we could do it
We do only have 20 minutes till we have to play peak
Crypto Zeus excellent question mark. That's a reasonable response skimer
You can request when requests are available the streamer cryptos Zeus to play the game of your choice
ideally a free one
Free games like the various
Nintendo games you've played. Uh, yeah, I mean or ones that we just already happened to have
text
Poop magic is a awesome twitch username
Can't argue with that. Uh, sorry. My brick lizard sent multiple times. It said the message was auto modded
This is from the other day
Olivia mon already did the string on a hot dog new bit. I think that's why we're doing it
you could put a
Knife on a hot dog and eat that it'd be impressive
If you could swallow a knife on a hot dog a knife on a hot dog. I mean a knife on a string
I guess either one is impressive. Did you see the video of trump pooping himself? We did
Although there's probably more than one if we're being honest. What do you think jeff eps teens? Uh,
You're calling him jeff now. That's you've got to call him jeff free jeff is taken
Fine jeff free epsins xbox gamer tag was is that a known thing?
Because I would like to know
I think it's important
This is important coverage jeff free epsin gamer tag
He was banned
What was?
Maybe it hasn't been reported. I guess it's redacted unfortunately
He got bad. Yeah, I know he got banned
And who can guess why?
They were the files revealed he got banned
It doesn't seem that the gamer it doesn't seem the gamer tags been
At least if I had to guess
Something with vacation in it. Isn't his email like
Jay jv e vacation or something
Uh g vacation at gmail.com
Is his email?
So I'm my guess is gonna be um, jx vacay
Uncle toothless too long one three one three one three one
Well, not what if there's already that guy lowly destroyer r69 that's too possible
It was from a wisconsin's oh, uh, no it isn't olivium on hotdog from above. It's a calisthenics exercise with a glizzy
That's true. Ivan's lizzie's got us covered. That's our variation. It's not an olivium on thing
These are some brutal. These are some brutal options chat and I I could see any of them being it
Crumb is on the list because he has that creepy guy look but it's funny because no one would want to have sex
Well, that has not stopped anyone on that list is munch doing a face turn to crumb's heel turn
Is that what's happening?
Now I think lately crumb has just been talking more than munch is the problem if munch shares his opinions
They will also be bad case needs to have a child so he can pay off all the discoveries on lord
Is dz still a thing?
Because that if I ever have a kid I can really
Put them through the paces
It's like uh anime style training. That's throwing them into the wilderness off of a cliff and just saying survive
That is is that how you became so strong case? Yes
I was actually that's I became 6 3 when I left easy discovery zone and I never grew again because my parents never let me go again
rick is acting like ben hooper fucked his mother
See your stepdad
Ben cut jeff in traffic that one time one time he did do that and not the mom thing
And that's why my reaction is so muted
Because I knew it was worse. He cut you off in traffic and the popsicle thing
Jeff acts like ben hooper is his filipino son's actual dad. Nope. Where do you think you got this beautiful beard from?
Well, your filipino son has more of a goatee doesn't he?
But eventually once he grows up
full beard
And that's all the comments
Look who remembered to do them
Look who's on your side jet
It's not just a useless counter when jeff's around, you know who'd never remember to do that me also ben hooper
Well, he doesn't work here
I can't get him. He's too busy being awesome at other things. I could get you though. Shut the f-
Yes, that's right case poop
Poop pills a game changer for treating cancer study is the full headline which makes it a little less funny, eh?
It still says poop pills
The medication is really taking care of business a pair of new canadian clinical trials shows poop pills can reduce the toxic side effects of
Cancer medications and even support patient response to immunotherapy
What are the poop pills?
Are they really called what this article says they're called?
Well, they're also known as crap souls fecal microbiota
Transplant fmt pills contain freeze-dried fecal matter and according to new research published in nature medicine
Pooping poo may dramatically improve cancer treatment
You know, we did make it out of that article without saying certain words and i'm gonna count that as a win
I'll say it you son of a bitch if you keep supporting ben hooper. That's right shut up
Pfft
Mountain lion spotted roaming streets of san francisco and thank god there is a video
45 minutes the mountain lion spotted roaming the streets of san francisco has been found
So the big cat was first spotted sunday night near lafayette park and then it was seen again last night
Animal control is out at octavia and california
It's very close to the park as you can see there abc7 news reporter gloria rodriguez is live at that location gloria
What's the latest?
You know it's been quite an adventure this morning amanda because we got word that they potentially found the mountain lion
So our photographer sephan sifter now we're driving around we saw all of this activity and check this out behind us
This is on california between that's a van lady you could see animal control is out here as well as san francisco police
And if you look there where that black fence is they think the mountain lion is behind that fence
It's kind of in between two apartment buildings looks almost like a
It's a right by new courtyard area in between the buildings
And so I talked to somebody from san francisco animal care and control hotels me
They think the mountain lion is hunkered down back there
And so they are trying to right now kind of plan the next steps to try to get it out
So that people are you're right it is behind it
But the san francisco department of emergency management had posted
Yesterday and this morning about the sightings of this mountain lion
Are they not going to show us the lion two times, but there's video in this area here in pacific heights
Wow all all the sightings were near laffy. It's a little oh, it's kind of a big guy from where we are right now
So mountain lion has kind of stayed in this area in the pacific heights
And so we know that obviously officials were worried about people's safety
So now they have actually blocked off a huge portion
Of this block where we are and just in the last five minutes or so
They actually closed down a portion of california where we are between octavia and
It closed the whole portion of california for that mountain lion
This street you piece of shit
Just having a little fun. Jeff. Fuck you and your ben hooper loving ass
Sorry back to professionalism. Thank you
crypto bros
Back in the news because they're nauseated after realizing bitcoin itself was funded by jeffrey epstein
I'm sure that their heart broken over this realization. Can you imagine if immoral people were behind
crypto
Like a hurricane that tears down even the sturdiest storm shelters
The epstein files have cut a path through the vast swath of america's intellectual
political and financial elite
A path so severe
All of them are still intellectual political and financial elites
It's been unstoppable the latest tranche of emails related to the notorious sex predator have been particularly devastating
Fans of the left libertarian academic gnome chomsky are in shambles after learning the two were close
They're in close contact and seemingly there's a really
unpleasant email where uh
gnome chomsky's like
Don't listen to anybody about
You just have to keep your mouth shut and let all these freaks talk about you being a pedophile as unfair as that is
So pretty disappointing stuff
Casex that's a direct quote honestly not that far off bill gates is in there too. Also diamonds
It's crazy the ads you got crypto bros are no exception after the department of justice released three million files over the weekend
Blockchain enthusiasts were quick to discover a certain jeffrey epstein was active
And the prominent figure in crypto during its formative years and let's skip to the part where guys are just
So torn up about this
um
fyi ito
Told epstein used gift funds to underwrite this allowed us to move quickly and win this round
Blah blah blah crypto stuff which crypto bros. I want to know about these crypto bros that are so sad about this
Um, I think we should have a meeting. Okay. That's all stuff proving that he was involved in crypto
I just i'm curious which crypto bros and shambles over this
What doesn't look like they have any quotes from all the crypto guys that are really sad about this
I mean, I think if you work in finance
Then I don't know why bad guys being involved in finance would make you care about the value of your particular
fiscal asset
I'd say traditionally
um moving money around
Generally isn't predicated on the morality of the value of the thing that you're investing investing in
So slightly a weird headline I would say but futurism. Thank you for the coverage nonetheless
Well moving on to reddit mods that have deleted breathtaking photo taken by nessa astronaut from space because it was blurry
Well, I get it. I mean you know what it's oh
I'm supposed to really
My filipino son could draw this and I'm supposed to save it just because it's taken from space
Why would they delete it
On october 20th
He took a stunning picture of an airplane that was passing by a cruise cruising altitude hundreds of miles below him
The perspective only a handful of people get to enjoy the plane was likely around 7.5 miles on altitude
While the iss orbit's at 250 miles
But a moderator at our aviation didn't take too kindly to the shot
And deleted it from it being too blurry
Okay, it doesn't say they are sad at all did say they're in shambles, right
They're nauseated. They're nauseated. Sorry. They just experienced nausea
I just was wondering which crypto bro experienced nausea over that particular realization
But that's fine
Reddit mods gonna reddit mod. That's true. I mean it does if you post a photo to reddit
And you're like and I'm deleting the original that's a little bit on you not that that's even what happened here
But truly reddit mods can be cruel although, you know
If I saw that photo I would scroll right past it because you have no understanding
Of what's actually rare case for instance, you think
Ben Hooper's got rare takes because he does no one does analysis like Ben Hooper
Here's an ad
This is a dose ecce sad that someone shared
Brace this I'm not getting paid for this but I'll play this ad because someone linked to it
His phone is addicted to him. He wants one a staring contest with the sun
His sneezes bless you
He is still the most interesting man in the world
I don't always drink beer
But when I do
I prefer those sacks stay third
That was posted nine days ago
It's such a relief that this sort of aging man who lives an eccentric exciting lifestyle
Surrounded by young people in exotic locations is back to sell us beer
Good for him. Yeah
I'm glad that they they picked this particular moment to bring back the dose ecce sky
Seems like a real slam dunk
It's not real
They tried to long a younger version a while ago, but it flopped
Yeah, I kind of remember that
I also kind of remember this but from a movie but now it's at an equinox near you
You're wondering what case is running his fucking mouth about equinox to distract la drivers with billboard of three breasted woman
question everything
but yourself
Interestingly enough both ai photos, but believe in yourself
I don't know if those are ai photos those could that could be a model that they added a boob to
Or in a perfect world model with three boobs
You wish you had three hands don't we all?
Uh, I mean, I don't think we need to read the story here
I think we get it. This is also an ad to be fair like so much of the news is nowadays
The articles are mostly ads
But I appreciate the I guess not total recall reference
Just an excuse to add an extra boob to a lady
I mean
Is an extra nice boob ever a bad thing? I guess it depends where it's growing out of but if it's still on the chest then
Who who who's complaining?
Uh, hollywood is glamorizing cougar relationships and women are signing up
Chandler Muller had always dated men close to her age
Usually a few years older in fact
But after a bad breakup in 2019 she decided it's time to fuck young boys
That's not what the article says
Look, I'm just condensing the article
I mean adult boys. They're still adults. That's an important distinction there in this particular moment. I'd say Jeff
Okay, so Muller
Then 34 went on the dating app bumble and changed her age preferences
She said 24 is okay. And then she fucked a bunch of she fucked a bunch of guys in their 20s
And then we and then we wrote a whole article about it
We sure did
We sure did
They will get tired of taking care of the boys
You know your kids grow up they go to college and then you say well, I want to fuck some college kids
Um
Hey, but you know whatever godspeed to all the cougars out there
I like how every couple of years we're they're like cougars are back
I guess they just keep going like a cougar coming in from the wilderness
But it gets removed by pest control, but then it returns again
Yes, exactly like Jeff that
What exactly like that Jeff are you I'm sick. I'm I'm gonna keep reversing words because I'm sick
Okay, as long as that's the reason it's Elmo's birthday
Check out 14 beloved sesame straight muppet tweets. I can think of a couple. They probably didn't include
Hi friend. Elmo loves you and Elmo will remind you every day if you need him to is it nap time yet?
Let's find out
I guess not. He's awake. Or is he just high?
Elmo's kind of crazy
Because he said some fucked up stuff. He got hacked. It's not Elmo's fault
Elmo needs to have better internet security if he wants to be a beloved children's entertainer. That's my opinion
Elmo sucks
This is what happens, you know, you know, you either
Die a hero or live long enough to still be a child
Or something either way. I'm fine with us hating Elmo
You've heard of sexting, but what about actually texting while in the middle of the act?
It's apparently not so uncommon for adults
Young adults 35 percent of Gen Z adults have admitted to texting or checking social media during sex
According to a survey of over 100,000 students. That's easy mode try replying to slacks during sex
Something that I suspect many guys in their 30s and 40s and gals have done
What are you bragging right now? I just mean a lot of people work from home
You get slacks and you got to say be right there
Well, maybe you're fucking I've done that too. Sure. Sure you have
No, it's impressed case
I'm just saying be an old guy that has to reply to slack during sex like me
You've never had sex. I will one of these days though, and I will probably get a slack during it
Yeah, you wet you bet
You wish
You are being you are hate sock coated today. It's because Ben Hooper does not deserve this level of appreciation
Jesse Ventura says the United States is getting what it deserves for Donald Trump
And he's looking cool while he's doing it
Um speaking with the spin sisters podcast Ventura floated the idea of Minnesota's ceding from the United States and joining Canada
I am one. I'll do his voice here
Hmm. I am one who thinks let me throw this out on your show and we'll get some headlines
How about since Trump dislikes Minnesota so bad and we're out of control. Let's join Canada
And that's my Jesse Ventura impression like honestly, I'm impressed
And also we're getting what we deserve. Well, yeah, we're getting something that's for sure. Okay
Okay
Clinton's we're set to
CBS news that's where this is from. They still do some news occasionally. I think that's what I've heard
I've heard they're still attempting to do the news, but I guess we'll read some of the news their attempt
They won't let us they want us to turn off our blocker
Okay, here we go. Clinton's agreed to testify at a house oversight committee ahead of expected contempt vote
By the way, do I get to play now Kendall said she wants me to find a outdoorsman
And technically the only one we have is a character from right when I started streaming and I don't have that hat
Available so Chad if you can think of an outdoorsy character that we have
I'm all ears
I guess we could be a Viking
Is scrum Robbie love
You count he's outside he's skating jizbo
But jizbo will just go into business for himself
Ben Hooper Ben Hooper is barely an outdoorsman
So he's kind of an outdoorsman barely
Sounds like he might know exactly what's up, but I can't get him. He's too big of a deal
Jill Biden's ex-husband arrested and charged with killing his current wife. What?
Whoa, what?
This is the problem with all the news being about Epstein and ice is you miss these stories
Trip lives in a bush. That's
Very true. This is a kasm coded story. Don't do that to kasm
Just saying sometimes people in your past do things that you don't like Jill Biden's ex-husband arrested in charge of killing his current wife
uh, William Stevenson 77 was taken into custody monday and is facing charges for first degree murder of
Linda Stevenson Newcastle County police did not provide details on the death button initial release had noted that officers responded to a domestic dispute
December 28th at a residence in Wilmington
Geez and there he is
Making oh any any has a bit of a cold sore or something. It's rough when you don't look good in your murder mug shot
He's kind of smiley
Well, you know she traded a murder murderer for a guy who supports genocide. So I guess she's got a type
Um
by
Why don't we keep hearing that biohacker jibrein johnson issues a lengthy response after his emails and three minutes till peak
By the way after his emails with jeffrey epsi and we're exposed. We'll have to save therapy for tomorrow
Some know him as a man who drinks his children's blood
Some know him as a guy with a much younger girlfriend or an older girlfriend, but with a bio age of 18
I know him
As a guy who i'm currently reading a story about eight years ago
I met epsi via zoom a mutual contact put us in touch as I was building my brain interface company colonel
And he had supposedly done some neuroscience stuff at mit after a 10 minute video call
I immediately called the person who put me in contact with him and told him dot dot dot
um
That he seemed like a very dark person. I felt sick to my stomach
I also told him I never wanted to speak to him again
The yari yari yara I cut all ties funny how so many of these
Guys in these epsi emails actually only met him once and were so grossed out by him. They never talked to him again
Yeah, it's actually a lot of the people who emailed him more than once
Did do that it turns out. Hi, brian jeffrey is not in new york. Uh, we might be able to coordinate a call
Please advise if the call is just you. Um, who are on this mail blah blah blah
I'm in town until wednesday afternoon and have a really tight schedule, but would like to meet up with jeffrey if possible
This is in 2017 by the way
He hadn't done the research before meeting jeffrey epsi in 2017
He wanted to see what kind of pedophile he was
To get a really ascertained himself before he knew if he wanted to let him invest
Grew a great meeting you brian putting jeffrey's assistant here blah blah blah. Thanks alex promoting to bcc have included alana and susanne to help find time
brian is building colonel and today i spoke to a great great great so they're just trying to schedule
So that's did he ever even meet him?
um
Oh, there's more
brian johnson replied to that
He says this was a pre-call i was offering in person because i was traveling through new york
I ended up being a call
It ended up being a call
And and that was it
Uh, what do you think ben hooper is doing right now?
It's probably fucking
It's probably reading because he's always doing he's always reading a book
As if you're not you're on break
So why don't you be on break ben is what i'd always say to him when he was reading books during the break
He reads on break. He's always reading history books and books on
Resisting power ethically
Sounds like a reasonable thing to read
I think it's a i think it's bad what he's doing. Oh, always reading
Or don't or talking about donating money to the kids
Okay
Jeff's mom is what he's is what he's doing
she's
To uh, old my mom's old and gross so that would be a joke on him. Wow, jeff. Look she'll admit it. She's an old gross bag
so so
Got him
So disappointed in you jeff
Because what i guess i got an ugly mom she used to be hot and ben would love that wouldn't he that she used to be
I'm ever gonna call it there. We got to go play peek. You should really
Apologize you should call your mom and apologize
She can't watch the news anymore because her vision's so bad and she barely she could be less mom. I'm sorry
Mommy, I'm sorry. You're a beautiful woman. I just hate ben hoopers. You know how I get about ben
She does
No, that's all the time we have. All right find someone know it don't find someone to read
Get out of here. Oh, okay. Yeah, get out of here. I gotta figure out
Who's a who's a outdoorsman? How do you not have an outdoorsman character?
Character like a type of guy who's an outdoorsman, you know a crazy
You know the type of guy whose character is outdoorsman. Oh, that's what you mean. That's what I mean
um
What a day for news. Well, now it's about to be a day
for peeking in the wilderness and not on drugs
A game a game is what I mean
You should get better at talking
I try I do it all the time and I don't
All right, um
What if I just write outdoorsman into google can I get one on short notice?
uh
The grudge kind of lives outdoors. Oh bear
A talking bear
Would that work what counts as an outdoorsman? Um, is this guy an outdoorsman? No
Oh
Apple listings inside
I like a conditioning
A little timey big laws and outdoorsmen. I don't I need too expensive
I think he's honestly too expensive
I don't I also don't like the outside. Well, you're just
Me with a darker beard. That's not enough of a difference
I'm got a bear shaped head. Okay. That's not gonna quite work for me either
Pupido, this none of this is working. Pupido, you're a dog
You go outside. That's the hype train who's supposed to be in hell
You're supposed to be in hell hype train
Pupido, where are you? I'm here. I am a dog. So I guess I kind of sure
Okay, can you play peek? Yeah, I mean I'm a dog. I can get I mean I get how to go all over the place
All right, that that'll do it then that'll have to do
Everybody loves me playing games
You're gonna have to hear your voice the whole time. That's good
I'm coming over there. I'm coming over there
So
Shut up
Pupido sermon before peak. Yes. Let me bless our journey today. Get me some
Give me some religious type. Yeah, give me some like religious dubstep place
This is the christian edm playlist
You
Um
Jerusalem was Jerusalem a guy
I don't think so like the ancient prophet Jerusalem said
You gotta go up on that mountain
Tana once you reach the top of the mud if any of those kids are still left
Let them know that that the mountain is their new home and they've earned the right to survive at its peak
And that is the parable of
What did I say Jerusalem? That's the parable of j- of jab Jerusalem
Jebrus
And yeah, and then also pee up there. She's what God said to do and the lesson of this story is
It's never too late to
Say you're not a dad
What?
That's what God wanted to teach us
And that's what I have
on it
The more the sermon today was about how it's never too late to not be a dad
And now it's time to play the game
drugs no peak
Okay, it's game time
Kettle you ready to play peak should I change it to my gamer setup? Maybe we can just do it in this setup
You want to play peak? I got a
Discord your sister
Guys we're gonna climb the mountain together
Us and the whole fam is she already in here?
Kendall just stopped working
who?
I have a missed message
Uh, where is your sis? Is she on yet?
Let's see if Christine is on we never stopped working
Yeah, exactly Christine is on
I have to open up a different thing though to co-stream with her
And ideally I guess I would message her
At some point I should you know figure out the basics of of actual streaming
Which I don't think is what I'm doing
Yeah, what you're doing is not streaming
like um
but I'm bum
Like streaming with other people is probably a pretty basic thing I should know how to do
Anyway twitch.tv is where I'll go
To to co-stream with Christine
And I'll remember how to do that there it is stream together
This we're not getting demonetized again. I gotta mute Christine's stream
She just got this video taken down
Either that or I think maybe crumb got us demonetized by saying he forgives Jeffrey Christine
One of those two things will do it
Uh, okay
Guys I'm sick today
I'm still sick today
Send invite
Maybe it'll just work Tony get in the yeah peak with us
Peak with our asses
I don't know if chat can jump. I don't know what christie. I'm just gonna do what christine wants to do
I'm just gonna do what they want to do. I will do what they want to do
That's fine, too. You can also do that. I will do that. I'm a dog. I was born to climb mountains
That is the power of being a little guy
And my little paws were meant to hit into the micro
Abrasions on mountains. Oh is that how trawls work? That's how we work
Anyway, she's rejected your offer. I don't think she did
I got a
messenger
There she's in the she's in here
Christine are you in here you're live on twitch just so you know on my channel? I am I had to
Wait, what do you wait? Yeah? I just I I was my computer crashed when I went live the first time
Gotcha, I just mean my chat can hear you through discord right now because I don't have a setup so they can't
Um, I also I think I sent you an invite
For streaming together
I'm looking
I can also send
more invites
Oh no, I see it
I see it. How do did I accept?
I don't know. I think I accepted
I still don't really get how it works
It seems like it should be really simple, but I feel like okay. I think we're streaming together now
Start viewer call. Oh start your okay where I'm starting to share our chat our chats are now shared. Yes
Wow
Okay, let me close my other browser so that
My computer doesn't crash
From running my oversized stream. Okay. I think I'm good to go
Do you want to host the game itself or do you want me to or is is justin playing?
Justin doesn't know if he's gonna play. I think he said he wants to if anything he might join us midway
Okay, and then
Here's Kendall's you too
Jamon said that he's gonna join us at eight. Okay, so should we three person peak?
Uh, yes for now. Okay. This is what I think we should do since I was joining later us three
Hardest level
Hardest peak
Hardest peak first mountain
For the first amount and you mean until jamon joins us. Uh-huh. Uh-huh
I think that's what we do that's fine by me. All right. All right. Uh
I guess yeah, I guess I can send
Uh
Dude, okay. Hold on. I got to look for how to do for my peak stuff
Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna be playing the game peak. Yeah, I'm even I'm even updating
What this stream is to say that?
We'll get rid of this headline. We're now a stream for gamers
A stream for gamers
Finally
Wow, finally. I'm living up to the g4 heritage and we're gamers
We love that
And also my dog producer will help us peak
Oh, yeah, I don't have
for some reason
Oh, wait, can you say something?
Uh me?
Yeah, there we go. I had it. I I I forgot I had discord muted because of peak last time we played peak
Ah, nice chat. So I had to look okay. I'm gonna invite you to the game
Case-based games violence. Yes
Oh, you're inviting me. Okay. Yeah
Whatever you're
I accepted. Okay. Let's do this
I accepted
I will be playing the game. I just say no. I'm a dog
Okay
I'm gonna put your stream up here
In my background just because I want to see what you're seeing
Oh, I want to see what you look like. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a little dog
I see. Oh my god
Oh, don't worry. I'll be better at it than case ever could dream
Okay, I guess now it's time
Okay, wait, let me see. I might have made you too quiet. Do you talk Christine?
Hello, let me turn the game up
audio
Check check check. Oh, I think maybe
I don't know
You're super quiet. I think maybe it's just you
It could be me
I have no idea. Can you hear me? Well, Kendall?
Uh
Discard
Oh my I almost down. Well, let's turn down the sound effects
Okay
I'm coming. I'm on my way
Wait, who's even in the game?
Who's even in the game? She says
Okay, there we go. What am I hearing? Cause
Okay, now we're in the game
I I see I see
And what am I hearing? I'm hearing papito. Yeah, that's right name. I have to turn both of you guys up
I mean, oh my balls fucking low
I also had to turn case up, but if you have to turn me up then I have no idea
So rixie said I was peeking
Second term acceptance speech
Took a double head of acid and got real weird with it in the white house
And I don't know what's wrong. And I think it might be this mic and I
Yeah, it's probably the mic
And you know I that's
Oh
Yeah, I just have to wait until I can get a new mic someday. So
Not today and not tomorrow, but someday
No worries. Okay
Thank you. Thank you
Okay
It sounds good on there and so so
So as I understand it papito, that's how you say it, right papito
Uh, yes, that's right. That's right
Papito is leading us up the mountain
Yeah, I think that's his intention is he's gonna do it for us
Oh, okay, okay
um
I was like blow your speakers screaming down the fountain stop
Okay, I'm gonna send us
I am a mountain climber
Into the hardest difficulty into the hardest difficulty which I've never done
Me either
I've never climbed a mountain or played a video game
This will be easy for someone at my skill level
Yes, of course
I'm gonna get out real quick because I forgot
You kind of look like you're peeing yourself
I'm going to look at all the stuff
In these
What do I look like?
I'm taking all this
I don't even know and no one can stop me. I don't know what the hardest difficulty means. What is harder?
I didn't look I just picked it. Do you want fortified milk?
Yes
Actually, you should take this backpack. You're a leader. I am the lead dog
I'm going to drop it
You're our leader you lead the way you take this backpack
I already know how to do everything
That's how good I am
Guys my brain you're instinct
My brain's still in work mode
Stop it. Stop it. I can't help it. I can't help. Pito's telling you to stop quit it
I thought we were getting a mountain expert. Who are you? Why is Pito here? I am a dog
I'm just so glad we were getting a mountain expert. I know I needed someone to help me
Get through traverse this mountain. I am a wild creature at one with the wilderness
Okay, okay
My tiny claws were built for mountain climbing
Okay
You're a chihuahua. Yes a rugged mountain chihuahua
He's a chihuahua. Dude you missed this luggage. How could you be an expert? You need not luggage
You only need to believe in yourself
Oh, okay, I I did it already grabbed it. Are we supposed to climb this? Did we climb this?
No, okay. Oh, okay
Follow me
I'm following
Okay, this outfit is so nice. Isn't it the cutest? Yeah
Yeah, the actual cutest
So the main thing is survival is you're gonna want to eat anything that I see
Okay
Even this anything that I see yeah either
Like whenever we like whenever we come across like eat this jellyfish
I'm gonna eat it. I'm gonna eat it
How much of that poison is
Uh a little lot a lot a little lot a little lot
Yeah, I understand. I'm a little one. Why is it so hard to climb?
I do know. Oh my god a jump takes so much energy. You have to ask you have to ask the
As a dog it's easy for me. Uh-oh
There's nothing up here
There's nothing. Tintin speak
What's up? Oh, okay
At that
Okay
No, my network is down again
Yeah, this is so dumb. I thought it was about to be down again. This is dumb
That's why I told you to speak
Well, I don't know if it's my internet. I don't know. Well, you're still playing you're still playing with us though
I am still playing. So that's uh pretty interesting
I don't know. Whatever. Here's the thing that you can eat
As an expert dog. I know this to be true. I feed this. Are you feeding me? Wow wait
That gave no
Yeah
Here's a large weight. There's a luggage. Okay
Ow. Wow
One for someone someone eat it one for a case. I mean poppito
Wow, I feel great. Oh my god. I hate you much. Here's how much energy
This is a chubby shrimp. This is also eat it eat this. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Wait
Oh
Okay
Wait, Pepino said to eat this mushroom Kendall. So you have to eat it. I already ate
Oh, she doesn't want it. That's crazy to me. That's fine. Live your life. Look, Pepino. Look
Pepino, look. Look, behold my chihuahua climbing prowess
Yes, yes
Oh my gorilla. This is a gorilla dog. What the hell? What about the other one? What about the other one? Do you want most?
Of course
Of course is very capable. I'm extremely capable dog
Speech climbing. I can do what the hell? What are we there?
What did you do? I saw my life flashed with my eyes. Can you do that?
I saw my life flashed with my eyes. I didn't mean to do that.
I didn't mean to do that. I watched your stream because of the delay and I walked right into it
Just turned around and walked right in front of you
I'm able to find dogs are instinctual gamers. Okay
We understand simply by observing making game
Uh-huh
Are we supposed to follow you?
Find this tree with me. Now climb higher. Higher skill
Uh-oh, uh-oh, I think it's wrong. I think I made a mistake
What's your function next to me?
I can pull you up using my skills
Did you make it?
I did. I'm not good. Okay, okay
But you're gonna have to lunge for me
Lunge? Lunge?
Pick me up, Pepino! Pick me up!
Lunge for me!
Oh, I got poisoned, Pepino! I got poisoned!
You're gonna want to watch out for the poison
I did it without even trying
Oh, I believe it
Yeah, you gotta lunge to me though
Yeah, watch out for the poison
You got poisoned
I didn't get poisoned
I guess you could avoid it
Pepino, nowhere
My fucking...
Your stream is not doing well
Uh-oh, this is not looking great
No, catch me!
Oh, you made it
I used all my extra energy
Oh, thank you, thank you
I used all my energy
Now you must pay it forward and catch me
Lodge!
Lodge!
Oh, I thought you were already up here
I'm not gonna lie
Oh, wait, is this a trap? Have we been trapped?
Oh, wait, we just climbed the street
Like there's a...
Wait, I might need to eat food
Pepino, there are legages over there, Pepino
PEPINO! There are two legages!
Okay, that is the new mission
I have to feed the dog
I have to feed the dog
I feed the dog
I have to feed the dog
Yes, I feel great
Ha! I'm feeling great
The fog is rising
And it's so...
We're so close to the bottom
The fog is rising already
We're expert mountaineers
Wow, look, look, Pepino, look
Look, Pepino!
What the f...
Pepino, are these safe?
Pepino, are these safer?
These poisonous
This is safe
Okay, wait, I'm not hungry yet
Okay, then that's your only mistake
Christine left!
Christine left!
No! No, Pepino!
Can I slap you?
Calm down!
Listen!
You're acting like a...
You're a lesser animal
You must be like...
Listen, I don't like having to do this to you
But you need to remain calm
She'll come back and see you
I can't!
I can't remain calm
Is that a thing she can do?
What? Come back?
Can she like rejoin?
Well, I think she has to rejoin as a ghost
And we have to get her out of the campfire
Oh my god, that's so bad
I'm like pretty sure
Oh my god!
Pepino, where am I supposed to go?
Further to the right, you maniac!
Look at this bridge
Did we take this bridge? Look at it
It's so hardcore
Yeah, and then where do we go after that?
Pepino, where do we go after that?
We go up further!
Come on!
Pepino, why don't you just take this rock?
Because I'm a like...
Oh, we're in the fawn by the way
And that's good
Pepino, I thought you were an expert
You should know this
I do! It was a test for you!
Okay, now where Pepino?
PEPINO, the bridge!
AHHHHHHHHH!
Are you dead?
PEPINO!
PEPINO, wait!
PEPINO, wait!
Wait!
Blow that at me
Blow me!
Are you dead now?
Finally, she's quiet
And now we sing the song of peace
La la la
When your friends die
Then they don't talk anymore
Which is sad, but it's nice and quiet too
La la la
La la la
When your friends die
Then it's okay
Hello!
Christine's too quiet, but that is no problem
I'm gonna turn you down
Oh, she's calling me
Hello?
Okay!
Did it work?
Yeah
I'm gonna eat this mushroom, check this out
Can you hear my sister, Kay?
I can hear her on your phone through your microphone
They can hear you through the phone
Where are you, Tim? Where are you?
What are you doing?
I said you joined the expedition
Oh, I'm back where I started
Uh-oh
Where is that?
I'm down the mountain
Come up the mountain
Kendall, where are you going?
I see you!
I see you!
Oh my god!
Oh my god, I'm coming!
I'm coming!
Are you dead?
I'm alive now
I almost died!
You almost died?
Yeah, she hit something
What do you mean?
She cursed the bridge and broke it with her anger
Oh, yeah
Oh, she cursed the bridge
Don't believe those lies
I don't know, Pappito's a dog
And dogs are honest and...
That's true
That's true
We don't know how to lie
And therefore, I don't know if there is
If Pappito can lie
Yeah, exactly
Trust me!
Exactly, dogs never lie
Uh-oh, this was a bad idea
Oh my god
But you just told us to trust you
Yeah
Don't worry, life is full of contradictions
Unresolvable
Oh my god
Unresolvable contradictions
This is a trap
They trapped us here
They trapped us here, Kendall
I have this
Yeah, we might need to...
We might need to be using that
Maybe we can use it from here
To up here?
Yeah, you see that word
This is a rope, that's a rope
Yeah, we'll climb it up
I did it
It comes down the mountain
No!
No!
Kendall, come down
You're screaming
Me?
Yes
Are you okay?
I'm gonna turn her down
Oh my god
I can't believe this
It won't come down!
Maybe if I push it
It's not working
It can't come down?
How close are our nearest neighbors?
They won't be able to hear us
Yeah, don't worry
I can only hear you
Grab it!
How hurt are you?
I hurt myself so bad
I can heal
I hurt myself so bad
You are healed
Thanks, Pepito
Okay
How did you make it, Kendall?
I don't know
I don't know
Okay, this is now working
I gotta drink a sports drink
You can walk as far up as you can
Anyway, I'm pretty sure it could
How come this rope
This rope just likes this?
It's useless
It is a useless rope
What if I like, climb down it?
Just kidding
Somebody save me
LUNCH!
This is a fucking dead end
Don't panic
This is a rock
It is such a dead end
So we
So I wasted this rope
Yeah, but we're following Pepito
The expert
You're right
If you follow a dog and you die
You follow the dog and you die
But I can't be blamed
Okay
Either way, I can never be blamed
I can't climb that
Maybe if I climb slightly to the left
I'm not going up
I think I'm stuck
I think I'm stuck
I also am not going up
I'm gonna try
I'm gonna try again
Watch this
Watch this, go ahead and jump
I don't think we can go this way
Look
What are you doing, Liz?
I heard myself
I heard myself
I also heard myself
But there's a way forward
If I weren't so hurt
I'm gonna drink this milk
Maybe that'll get us there
The milk only helps you from fall damage
Oh, I should've drank it before I did what I raised it
I feel like Kendall's more of
I feel like Kendall's more of the
What's it called?
The complainer? The expert bed cup
You had a different word
You know it's so crazy
I asked Pepito to help us
You guys sound really negative
I almost could've made it
But now I think it's hopeless
Okay
Let me try one more time
I think now we restart
No, Pepito
There's no restarting
This is life or death we're trying to get rescued
What is the fucking game?
No, this is life or death!
Catch me, I'm about to die
I thought you were a mounted expert
I'll try to catch you
You caught me!
I didn't get hurt
Does anybody not have damage?
I think there is a way up
I have little damage
If you have decent food power
Then if you climb straight to the left
There is a little patch that I almost hit
But then I was too weak
From being the leader
From being
Disrespected
How did you even do that?
I just sort of jumped forward and then climbed left
Yeah, you're kind of glitching it
We can also catch you I think if you fall
Yeah, you made it
Oh shit, she made it
That's crazy, now what Pepito?
You gotta do the same thing
And you gotta believe in yourself and stop questioning me
Pepito, I'm dying
What are you talking about?
I'm gonna drink this milk, Pepito
This will be my last act as your leader
Pepito, get out of my way, Pepito!
Get out of my way!
This is a noble sacrifice from me
My sister!
Get me!
Wow, my sister!
I got you!
Did you die?
Pepito?
I don't think I can make it guys, I think I'm dead
Pepito, we can't go without you
You wasn't gonna do without me
You guys can do it
Take this back
Catch my backpack
I'm throwing it
Pepito dead?
I'm throwing you the backpack
You failed to catch it
I said, Scott Milk
That I'm now feeding to Kendall
I'm gonna hit you
Okay, goodbye friends
Throw the backpack we have done
I did you psycho
You couldn't catch it, can you?
Don't call me a psycho, Pepito
Alright, okay, you might just die
You might just die actually
Right there
What do you mean slowly?
I'm definitely...
No, I'm gonna die
I'm gonna die!
She died
Kendall, it is up to you
To continue the brave tradition
Not die
Godspeed
You were very rude
Pepito, I died
Pepito, I died
Well, I'll be joining you shortly
Do you see me? I died
I died, Pepito
I'm collecting your bones
Oh my gosh, bones
I love bones
That's my dead body
Why can't I eat this? This game isn't realistic
I'm sorry that you died
Is what she wanted to hear
Boom!
I'm going my own way
Dog's going their own way
I need to eat food though
Where's food?
Now that I don't have Kendall telling me I'm dead
I can win easily
I'll get the new way that I found
It's full of delicious fruits that I eat
Do-do-do-do
Give me that
Oh no, they fell super far
I'm healed
All my food fell a million miles away from me
That sucks
It sucks for me that that happened
Give me this
Easy
Where's more food though?
There's no more food
Do you hope that I eat your bones?
I would
I would do it without a second thought
Everyone would say, we need to bury you
I'd say, no, I'll eat them
I hope you fall
I probably will
Look, I never asked to be leader of this expedition
I just was chosen by the gods
You were supposed to be the mountain expert
I am
I'm pretty much, no, what's going on
Uh-oh
This isn't working out either
I can't eat this
Oh, I'm fine
How am I so hungry? I keep eating all sorts of stuff
I'm gonna need to eat like 45 apples in a day
I don't think that's good for them
I mean, I would do that
But I have a very good metabolism
Of course
How did we already open this?
We already
Have we already been this way?
I can see that
I have ghost vision all the time
That's why I wasn't thrown off at all
I am so hungry, it sucks
It sucks how hungry I am
That's how I feel in life too
I really relate to this game
I don't know, man
I didn't climb good enough
I think it's over
I think it's GG's y'all
My grandma's sooner
Now I'm gonna die
You got this, Pappito
WONGE
Oh, well, Pappito
I thought you had this
Me too
I can't believe I can't make this jump
It sucks
Kendall has reached the top without you
Oh, she did?
I think that shows who's the true mountain expert
I showed her the way
Now I will show her the ultimate way
Sacrifice
Oh my god
I'm meant to be in a moment of beautiful sacrifice
I am a dead
Oh, Pappito
I am the Kama Ghost
Pappito's sacrifice
That's what your leadership looks like
I have to leave
Do you see what I did for us?
I'm not judgmental
Log one
Day one
I had to move ahead of my comrades
For they have sacrificed themselves for I to live
It is as if they're with me right now
Yes
Hear our voices
I can feel them
From beyond the grave
You must do a ritual to bring them down
You can ritual
I heard if a ritual works
It is this statue
Believe in two hands
I must do a ritual
I heard the ritual is
Motor boating these hands
We were made by the blood
We were made by the blood
We were made by the blood
Motor boating the statue brings the debt back to life
I can't believe it
The ritual is true
The ritual is true
Oh my god
The ritual
The ritual
Who knew
I want this hotdog
Cooking this hotdog
I'm cooking this other
This cold dog again
for a well-done hot dog. I'm cooking a coconut. Is that even good to do? Oh shoot, it may be not hungry.
Okay. Grab this backpack. Okay, do you want it? You're our new leader. No, Pipito, you're our leader!
But you hate me. No, Pipito! You need this hot dog, Pipito. I just like carrots more! Put it in the backpack.
Okay, hot dog is in the backpack. Yes. Okay, what we need is that suitcase. Okay. That one? Yeah,
let's get it. Then we can't be stopped. That one? Because it's so high up it's got to have something
absolutely. There's vines that lead us into this magistax mini mountain.
Okay. Okay, Pipito. I do like cats. They taste good. What do you mean they taste good?
Hang on to the vine.
Pipito!
I'm waiting on the vine. I'm doing a vine wait.
He's a mountain expert, Kendall. He's a mountain expert. He's fine.
Mountain expert. What do you know?
Mountain expert! Haha! No, you guys wait for it to not be raining because you need to be a dawn to have that kind of skill.
Wait, but I said the opposite of that.
You're pretty good. Kid, you're pretty good, kid.
Pipito! Catch me!
I caught you using my tiny paws.
Thank you. I'm coming. I'm on my route. I'm on my way.
Your sister abandoned you, but I will save you.
Okay. Thank you for saving me.
Oh, we gotta go get this. Sweet loot.
Okay.
I wasted energy. I wasted it big time. We're gonna make it.
There's a corner over here. A corner that leads to greatness.
Okay.
And then there's a fun path you can run up.
Okay.
Oh, God! Why did I do that?
Uh-oh. It's raining.
Pipito, where are you?
I ran across this path. I wouldn't do what I did though. Well, I guess it didn't work out.
You just gotta wait for-
Okay.
I'm coming through the cave hole.
Hello, Pipito.
Hello.
Pipito, take my hand.
Wait, I see a way. Check this out.
It's Mario level basically.
Wee!
Pipito, I hear you, but I don't see you.
I've made it to the top of the mountain.
Yeah, but you are lagging for me.
I knew it!
Take a dive again.
Gotta hold yourself. It's gonna be okay.
Open this gift.
Maybe your sister's in the luggage.
Maybe she transported her soul into the luggage.
Oh no. You have also lost your mind.
What?
The mountain madness has silenced her.
Get it together, Kendall!
You get it together!
I'll open this. I got this for you.
Listen, I will-
Oh, thank you.
I will shoot you.
Calm down.
Oh my god, Pipito.
Please, Pipito, no.
I'll give you the trail, Mika.
I'll give you the nuts.
Your terms have been accepted.
I'll give you the-
Oh, she's stuck in the trail, Pipito.
Oh my god.
I am-
What's it called?
You are a trace.
I didn't know-
Okay.
Now what, Pipito?
I think we take these vines.
I think we go on a vine ride.
What vine?
These guys.
I don't see any vines.
Wait for it to stop raining.
But now you guys can't-
Look at these guys. Weeeeee.
We can go to that guy.
We can go to that guy.
Check this out.
Uh oh. This is scarier than I thought.
I don't know what the fall damage is like on very hard, but I think we're fine.
That's gonna be impossible.
Impossible.
Impossible.
I feel good about all of my decisions.
Okay.
Where are we going?
We're going to this next suitcase.
And then this suitcase.
Okay.
Check this out.
We have to trust in our mountain expert.
That didn't hurt me.
It did not.
The spray is protecting him.
Oh my gosh.
That's crazy.
She was protected by the noises she makes.
I thought I've died.
A dry vine ride?
Usually that's dangerous, but here it's dangerous.
I could have died.
Oh, oh, Pipito!
Pipito!
What happened?
Oh no, it's raining.
I'm gonna get a sports drink in here, then I'm leaving for one of you.
It was mine!
Here, Kendall, I'll feed it to you.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah!
Thank you, thank you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Pipito, I'm coming.
You are new.
Okay, there's airline food and there's healing.
And there's what?
Human?
There's healing.
I also have that.
Look, I also have that.
You got drugs? You've been holding that on me?
Uh-huh.
Dang.
Did you even get to climb up this vine?
Isn't this vine?
Make it up?
I mean, this guy.
I think we can make it as this part of the vine.
I don't know what you're pointing at, Pipito.
I can't see your finger.
No, I'm pointing at the vine, you see?
Oh, this one?
You think we need more of this?
No.
I think we can walk up this one though.
That's what you're pointing at.
Watch this.
Pipito, look at me.
Oh my God, she found a different vine.
Oh, she died.
Oh, I see.
She disappeared.
Maybe she's dead.
Oh, she's right there.
She's alive.
Wow.
Pipito, look at Pipito.
Uh-oh.
It's raining.
Look at this.
And then we just walk.
Okay, do you think a yellow clusterberry is good?
I don't know.
I'll sacrifice myself to try it for you, Pipito.
Wait, don't do what?
The clusterberry.
I'll sacrifice myself.
Oh, kill yourself.
What would the rapper logic say?
I don't know.
It's a...
I'll do it.
For fun, I'm going to put my flag here.
Oh God, I'm so hungry actually.
I think I might not be able to climb jack shit.
He's so hungry.
Maybe you should eat the airplane food.
Oh, yeah.
Give me this.
All right, up we go.
Wee!
It seems like what happens on hard is you're hungry all the time.
Okay, I can pull you guys up.
I'm definitely going to need help being pulled up.
Thanks, Pipito.
We'll be up!
We'll be up!
Thanks, Pipito.
I'm going to know much like what logic I just seen.
I'm actually a dog.
One time...
One time...
We saw...
One time we saw logic
when I was working at Barnes & Noble
finding all of his...
You saw him at Barnes & Noble?
He comes in all the time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Watch out, Tim. Watch out.
One time...
What's it called? One time
logic came to sign all his books
and then the old lady that worked at our store
didn't know who he was.
So he was like, you can't sign that.
And then...
Then he goes, I'm the rapper logic.
She said, who the fuck is this?
She's totally about to sign it.
She's about to get off the gate again.
I'm saying that...
I was saying that she told logic that his
book was bad without knowing it was him.
Ooh, that's hard
for the rapper logic.
Is there any way to go from here?
Maybe there's that.
You try to climb.
Wherever you want, Pipito.
Wherever you want.
We trust you, Pipito.
That's wise.
You were filled with wisdom.
At this waist, no.
Look, Pipito. Look down there, Pipito.
What?
Maybe it's food.
I need it!
Can he'll take the hot dog in his backpack?
Yeah, I have a hot dog brain.
I'm in the waterfall.
It's not food.
Stop food at all.
What is it? Is it change?
Oh, take it.
Is anyone hurt? There's also bandies.
I am unhurt.
Oh, Christine was lacking, but she's alive.
I think we actually can go this way, maybe.
Check this out.
I need the hot dog!
Oh, I can throw it to you.
Okay, the bandies...
The bandies are almost...
The bandies are almost run away.
Throw them to me then, or something.
Wait, you want a hot dog?
I can throw you a hot dog.
Where's the chain launcher? Where's the chain launcher?
I have room for it.
I dropped it somewhere.
I dropped the chain launcher!
It's gone!
The chain launcher's gone!
It's probably taken by the waterfall.
Kendall, do you want me to throw you a hot dog?
What?
Do you want me to throw you a hot dog?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kendall, come this way.
Yeah!
Guys, get to the vine and then come where I am.
The chain launcher...
That's true. I'm more case than cases.
The chain launcher...
You should be sorry.
Whoa!
I'm sorry about the chain launcher.
We're back, Papito.
We don't need it.
Papito, you needed this? You said...
What?
You can climb straight up there!
No, I can't!
Thank you.
She made it easily.
Hey, a luggage.
Wow.
This is all working out for us.
A first aid kit!
I'm trying to go away again.
I see it.
Here you go, Kendall.
Oh, wait, you ate the hot dog.
I ate the hot dog.
Yeah, you probably need the food, right, Kristen?
I got it. I got it.
I ate it.
Are these orange ones dangerous?
Yeah, I think they're all dangerous.
That was a test.
You passed.
I think. It's only an I think answer.
Boom!
Milk and energy drinks.
I'm full though. All my spots are full.
Here you go, Tintin.
I'll take it.
Oh, wait, that's a bad spot to grab it.
Can dogs see the toilet?
Yeah!
I don't know.
Papito, can you see the color orange?
No!
No?
I don't know what orange is because I'm a dog.
Oh.
Well, there you go, guys.
Can you see the color Malarbe?
Malarbe?
They see it every day.
Oh, okay, nevermind.
I see it every
fucking day.
I'm going to try to make a point about how you can't see colors
because you can't see too.
But then you can see it so my point doesn't stand.
I see it every day.
Name any color. I've seen it.
Gravel!
It's like gravel, but it's different.
Okay.
I don't know. I think I failed.
I think I'm wasting all my energy right now.
Oh, yeah. That was a big mistake.
I blew it.
Don't go that way.
I wasted the energy.
Is there a ledge up there?
Well, there is, but it's too far away.
Oh.
I think we have to go maybe to the right
and up these vines or something.
Oh!
Man, you get hungry so fast.
This mode is mean to us.
Uh-oh, it's raining.
Kendall, stop sneezing. You're making it rain.
I can't help it.
It's so beautiful.
Control your body.
I can't.
Practice meditation. Is this about to kill me?
Practice meditation.
For sneezing?
Yeah.
I think that works.
Oh my god, I'm going to throw these lanterns
at those people.
Should I eat this apple even though it plays in the zoo?
I don't know.
I fucking missed.
Oh, so close.
I fucking missed.
To pick up that apple and do it with the apple.
And do it again. Do it again.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're right. You're right.
You're right. You're right.
You're right.
A honey.
And a dangerous chest of death.
The death chest.
I'll do it for us, Pepito.
I'll do it for us.
I will open the death chest.
It hurt me badly.
The bugle of friendship.
No!
Do you still have that bandage?
I almost died.
Yeah, but you're going to die.
Okay.
Thank you.
Guys, I almost died.
Where are you?
I'm down here.
I'm on my way.
I think I'm just going to eat this poisonous apple.
Because I'm hungry.
How bad can the poison be?
Thanks. Thanks.
I'm getting poisoned.
I only got a little poisoned.
So what was in there, Ken?
The bugle of friendship.
Oh.
We have to do something about these bees.
We have to do something about the bees.
Should I shoot them?
Should I throw a berry at them?
A yellow cluster berry?
She's doing it.
She's doing it.
To throw to me.
Yeah, to!
No!
Uh oh, they are being killed.
I guess that's it for me.
I can heal you.
That's it for me.
I'm about to pass out!
Safe spot!
I'm about to pass out!
I'm about to get to a safe spot!
Man, I wish I had...
We were killed by bees.
I'm going to heal her.
Using my skills as a mutton man.
I need to eat so bad.
There you go.
Oh my God, I saw my life flash before my eyes.
Don't worry, I'll eat you with a red box.
Oh my God!
Too bad the other honey's fell.
I know, right?
But I'm glad you got one.
Kill the bees?
I love the bees. They're my friends.
Uh oh.
I made it!
Pupido! Pupido!
Thanks, Pupido.
Oh God, it's all spiky and stuff.
These guys have even worse eating issues than me.
A luggage!
A luggage!
A snack!
You can make it.
You got lunch for it!
Should I eat this berry?
You want to eat it?
Look, another one.
Another honey dude.
She died again.
The internet gun died on her.
Pupido, look!
Another honey thingy up there.
Should I shoot it with this Spider-Man gun?
Oh my God, wait, wait, wait!
There's things we could throw at it.
Like this mushroom.
Oh, okay.
Or this lollipop.
Or this milk.
Why is there so much stuff here?
I don't know. There's another suitcase here, too.
Yeah, it's just through this poison.
Yeah!
Or this. Look!
Wow.
I'm going to try to throw that lollipop at it.
Okay.
Yeah, I have an elected pope, Propaganda.
Thank you.
I never really forget that I'm a religious figure.
And I need to be respected.
I'm going to throw this at...
Yeah!
It didn't work.
It didn't work.
Wait, it's too high.
You have to climb the street. It's too high.
Okay.
I am a hungry dog now.
I'm not sure how you're going to climb the tree.
Hey, get on my head.
Oh!
Get on my head.
Yeah!
I'm bad at it.
Ready? 1, 2, 3!
Nope.
Okay, over here.
It's lower over here.
I'm just going to throw this lollipop.
It's not going to reach. I tried.
See?
Wait a minute. This might work.
It's gone now.
Two.
Wait, watch this.
We can get closer over here.
Watch this.
Yeah!
Oh! She got killed!
Oh, she's dead.
She is dead.
That is death.
I'm not dead. I'm alive!
Whoa, she's alive.
Okay.
I'm starving.
Christine!
Christine!
I can throw you this. I'm going to throw you this.
It's a first aid kit.
Oh my god!
Honestly, I'm more hungry than her.
Oh.
Me too. I'm starving to death.
1 million percent.
Oh, I hurt myself now.
Hmm.
What can a dog do in this situation?
I've been abandoned.
I've abandoned my son.
I've abandoned my boy.
Kendall thought they all on us
and we're both starving to death.
How did you get down here?
I fell.
I was trying to climb up closer to those bees.
But it didn't work.
Anyway, I'm going to shoot this.
Wee!
Okay, now I can help you up.
Because I'm like Kendall.
I don't abandon my friends.
What?
You just got to...
Are you going to shoot that thing at me?
Oh, you want me to?
I think you can just climb if I just grab you.
You want it for me?
I'll try.
I'll try.
Yes!
What?
What's a bugle?
Look, I have the...
Look, look, look, look, look, wait, wait, wait, stop, stop, stop!
I have this.
And then I have this.
Someone can climb the wall.
I'm getting this bee thing right now.
I'll do it.
Go, tell me what you need it.
I'm going to drink this.
Oh my god, why?
I need it now!
Yes!
How did Pepino get up here?
I'm going to fall asleep now.
What can I throw at this?
How did Pepino get up here?
I can't, I can't!
I drank it though.
Oh, failure!
It was too...
It was too difficult of a shot.
I am tripping my balls off somehow.
Wait, I got this.
Wait, I got this.
I got this, I got this, I got this.
Oh, she did it.
How do I cancel this?
There we go.
She's going to get killed by bees again.
Honey!
Honey!
Honey!
I am hurt.
Pepino!
Pepino, you want this?
Pepino, look, you want this?
Well, I'm not that hurt.
Me too.
Two cases this way.
Come on, yeah, eat it, eat it.
There are two cases this way. Follow me!
Wow!
Oh, don't get poisoned, my bad!
I opened that one and only had
energy and drinking it.
It was worthless.
But there's one down at the bottom
and there's one up there at the top.
You see it?
Let's do the up one.
I have to give this honey
to the climbing expert.
To me?
I have to give this honey to the climbing expert.
What? Yes!
It doesn't fill you up that much,
but it gives you tons of bonus stamina.
Yeah, I'm basically addicted to cereal.
Okay, wait.
I think I'll see a way.
Using my dog sense.
Yeah!
Check it out, I made it to this vine.
I'm on the move, y'all.
I can't be stopped.
You can't be stopped, Kendall.
You can't be taped!
I can't be taped!
Pepito can't be taped!
Okay, and...
Boom!
Boom!
I have such a little sliver of stamina.
It's kind of silly.
But I gave you...
I have a total...
I have like crazy bonus stamina, though.
Wait, are you hurt?
No, I just... well, I'm a little hurt,
but I'm constantly hungry.
Oh.
Uh-oh.
I was like, I still have that first aid kit.
Where? Down below us?
No, right here. Check it out.
Oh, below! Above us!
Yeah, it's got a freaking airline food in it.
I think that will do.
I want the new...
I feed it to Pepito.
Wait, but I can't be the only one who's starving.
Wait, there's a thing above us!
Oh!
I want it!
Because I'm starving!
Okay, eat it.
It might be poisonous.
Eat it anyway.
It's poisonous. It's poisonous.
Oh, no.
It's a good thing you ate it anyway.
Yeah, I definitely needed it.
Oh, the balloon candle.
What's wrong with it?
Oh, it's just saying it's cute.
Pepito, help me! Pepito!
My hand is out! My hand is out!
My stamina!
My stamina!
I don't know what you're saying.
Just join us, Jayman.
I can't see your name on the thing.
I can...
Check this out.
Jayman's not online. That's a lie!
Yeah, get online and then we'll invite you.
I'm saying, get Pepito!
We made it!
Peterwise.
Peterwise.
Peterwise.
Peterwise.
Listen, Peter. This is for you, sir.
That's for you.
Somewhere on this mountain is Fiona.
Thank you.
I will set it...
...not here, I will save it.
I'm back, I just have no food
so I have no stamina.
I'm tripping out again.
Thanks!
Thanks.
I am a mountain to our...ish like thing.
I'm a digital root.
It's supposed to be leading us.
Where are you guys?
We're supposed to be leading us.
It's supposed to be leading us.
What are you doing here?
Well, thanks, Papito.
Thanks, Papito.
Okay, we're to Papito.
This way.
And now this way.
And now, we wonder if this is...
if there's more way.
No, we're balloon!
I have a plan.
The chain launcher.
I am so hungry.
Don't worry. The chain...
The chain launcher might not...
We have thin...
Hmm.
Wait, there's gotta be a lady.
Oh no, I dropped it. No!
I always dropped it all the way.
Okay.
We plant this flag.
I'm trying to...I want to shoot it over there.
There might be a mushroom down there
that we could all eat one each.
You see it in this hole?
Oh yeah.
No guarantee we can come back up here.
You know what I mean?
There is. Look how easy it is.
Okay.
Oww!
You must be careful.
Okay, is this poisonous, Papito?
Is it?
Is it poisonous?
Yeah, it's a little poisonous. Let's eat them.
Okay.
Oh, they're not poisonous.
I'm sorry. I'm disappointed.
I wanted to trip a little bit.
You might need my help to return.
You might have to do a lunge to me.
Come on, Chitin!
I'm coming!
Okay.
There must be a way.
Oh, do you want the chain launcher back?
Yes.
There you go, Papito.
What if it's from here?
This is too extreme.
Don't fall, Papito.
I'm falling. I'm falling.
I'm doing the force.
Hmm, I don't know.
There's anything we can do.
It's Papito figuring it out.
Papito's figuring it out.
If we go over here, do you think we'll get more options?
Or no options?
No. I think no options.
That's too bad.
I'm going to try it, Jayman.
Yes.
What about... did we come from here?
Yeah. We go back there.
I think.
Wait, where do we go?
I think we go this way.
Maybe we go this way and then up.
Then we gotta get to...
Jayman, where are you?
Jayman!
I'm here?
Jayman, you're a ghost!
You're a ghost?
I'm guessing you're a ghost until you read it.
It's off?
Yeah.
I goofed up bad.
I goofed it up bad, guys.
Uh-oh.
Papito is...
I fell really far.
I fell down all the way.
He didn't fell.
I can make it back up.
He fell.
Yeah, I fell really far.
I can make it back up.
He's alive.
There you go.
I fell too.
He's like...
down here.
Thank you.
He's like this way, but...
It's not worth it.
You gotta eat something, dog.
Papito, papito!
There's no papito in this house!
I'm right here! I got a lot!
You got it! You got it!
Money! Money!
Oh, you got it!
Money! Money!
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, she's dead.
How's your health?
I don't know why...
She's dead.
She fucking ate it.
And a quest to eat,
she ate it.
Okay.
I'm trying to help, but I...
I don't know.
I died again.
This is like really awkward.
I can't make it!
Go without me, papito!
Yeah, let's go a different way.
Let's go a different way.
Go without me!
Papito!
Go without me!
Stop it. Stop the drama.
Stop it. Stop the drama.
When can we eat people?
When can we have... When is cannibalism?
I think it should be a thing already, honestly.
Eat papito.
What level of hunger do you have to be?
We're gonna go this way.
Yeah!
Is it...
Or is it not the way we came from?
Maybe it is where we did not come from.
But I'm pretty sure it's where we came from.
Whoa.
We gotta jump to this, apparently.
Papito, I don't think I'm gonna bake this climb.
Ah, it's not.
The chain climb?
Yeah.
Yeah!
I'm not gonna bake it, Papito!
Wait, there's a vine!
This is exactly how I did it.
Oh my God.
This is exactly how I did it.
Yeah!
You got this!
We go first.
You should probably go first.
You your medkit cannot use it.
Yeah, let's use it.
Wait, just let me go first this time though, because I couldn't help you.
That's so much now though.
I have so much stamina now.
Ah ha ha ha ha ha!
Wait, yeah.
You gotta remember that the bounce...
The bounce is crazy.
I'm dead, guys.
This is all for you, Papito.
Oh, Christine, you're down.
Thank you.
Now you can just climb.
Just climb up here.
Just climb up here.
Take this! Take that!
Why'd you kill yourself?
None of that made any sense.
Well, anyway, I'm stuck now.
The fog is rising.
There's nobody to climb.
There's hardly no...
There's nothing for me to do, but eat this lollipop and trip out.
Oh my God.
Woo, I'm fucking high!
He can on drugs.
I'm on drugs.
Uh oh, I'm crashing pretty hard though.
Oh, I kind of made it, maybe?
Hmm, this seems like a dangerous place for me to pass out.
Oh, I didn't pass out.
What happened to Christine?
I'll wait for her to get back online to re-invite her.
Oh my God, I have no energy.
It is raining.
Fog...
Frieses!
It is nothing I can do.
Oh wait, I still have...
Oops, yeah, I slept.
I still have this, actually.
Let's just open the bath.
I'm gonna go get some water.
Let's just...
Open the bath.
It was not the bath!
Papino, you must live!
You must survive, Papino!
I just don't think there's anywhere for me to go over here.
Ehh.
Oh man.
My stamina is a tiny sliver.
What's in here?
Is anything in here? It's all backpack.
All that is is a backpack now.
Guys, let's restart.
With the power of Tony, we will succeed.
Goodbye, world!
Weeeee!
Papino, no!
Papino!
Papino!
That's just being out of the sick.
We have all died.
Oh Christine.
Oh shit, I forgot about the thing I said.
I'm alive again.
I gotta die again.
Weeeee!
Goodbye!
Oh wait, you died?
You're back at the plug?
Oh no!
This is a good thing to come back to.
I fell really far.
We were never found from again.
Honestly, these people have terrible metabolism.
What other buttons can I even it?
Oh, the song!
Okay.
I had the strangest dream.
I was a ghost climbing up a mountain.
And suddenly there was a carnival cruise life.
And suddenly there was a carnival cruise line commercial.
I would have been welcome to release.
Carnival cruise line?
Should we try the hardest one again?
No!
Oh okay.
Nah, I'm fine.
What level of difficulty do you want?
Whichever one you want, Papito.
I was stuck on the page.
Oh shit.
I was stuck on the page that told me how far we climbed.
Christy, what level of difficulty do you crave?
Any difficulty.
Okay, we'll do normal.
Papito, look how far I can go.
Look Papito, look how fast and far.
Yeah!
Oh my god.
Oh wow, corp speed.
Set speed to corpse.
Alright, we're going.
We're doing...
What are we doing? What are we doing Papito?
Let's do ascent one.
We've never done that, right?
Yeah, that's hard.
I thought we did a set one last time.
Oh we did?
I've never done it.
I'm a dog.
And I've never climbed a mountain before.
Don't tell them that though.
Don't let them know that.
I'm back!
You've made it!
I've made it!
This is the worst recurring dream I've ever had.
Yeah!
Papito, you gotta take the backpack.
I got it.
And I have a guidebook.
Where's Bing Bong?
I have Bing Bong.
Goodbye, books.
Bing Bong!
You guys ready? You ready for this?
Yes!
Oh, wee!
We need coconuts.
Don't make you home with me!
And then we need to cook the coconuts in a fire.
I will cook these coconuts.
That's what they all say to the Pope.
I'll have it cooked for you!
You're doing good works.
You have my blessing.
I'm taking them.
I'm taking them all.
I returned the fires
by the power of fire.
I claim this food.
You are cooked.
I'm working on coconuts for you!
Oh my god, we got so many.
Coconut, coconut.
I think we
probably have enough.
No, I'm getting all the coconut in the fire!
Fire!
But we can only carry so many.
How many does the Pope
desire?
I want to eat them all.
I had a pick.
If you break them,
that's one less spot to carry.
It's a good point.
They also are heavy as shit for some reason.
Yeah!
Look, Pope!
All the coconuts you can desire!
All of my slots
are filled
with coconuts.
The rest of the coconuts are yours.
Sometimes...
And also if you need a coconut, I have every coconut.
I have an overcooked coconut.
I'm going to eat this.
I'm trying to put this...
I'm trying to put this in Peter's backpack.
Actually, my backpack is full.
It's only full of coconut.
It's only full of coconut.
It's only full of coconut.
Boop-Buzz!
Wait, I don't know where the flare went.
Flare?
I guess the flare disappeared.
If I do this...
Oh!
I guess the flare...
You might throw the conch at your head. Does it knock you out?
Pretty sure.
Oh, no! Try it again.
Try it again.
Full... full... full... full straight.
Full crux of coconut.
Damn!
Maybe it's just the basketball or the full coconut?
Can I cook this book?
Yeah, maybe it has to be like really heavy.
You can cook the lollipop.
I am becoming a conservative fundamentalist Christian.
It is time to burn the books.
We have to wait for the people to leave.
I burned the books!
You peep lead.
I know I throw it to the winds.
Did you fall?
Did you back flip off just now?
Yeah.
Have a good night, Samreechi!
We'll be dying on this mountain as you sleep.
Good night.
Hit it.
Forward!
You tumbled it.
Up the mountain we go.
There's always gonna be another Chihuahua.
There's always gonna be another crux.
What?
Are they coming?
Are my mountain skill and climbing skills too elite?
I do miss music.
But only the sons of the mountain can come for us now.
There's no music for us.
I don't hear any music.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
They're just saying stuff that's true.
Bye.
I have found a suitcase.
For what?
For the rest of the day.
For the rest of the day.
For the rest of the day.
Hey, that's not a little like...
Put it up!
I'm gonna eat this.
There you go!
I am here!
It's the climb.
Got his milk?
There's always gonna be another mountain.
We gotta climb this one or we'll die.
We'll die.
Ready, set,
Let's go.
Hey, let's go this way.
Let's go this way.
Yeah.
No, I'm not breaking.
I literally have the lyrics on.
On the side of my computer.
Just...
I thought that Miley Cyrus wrote this song while playing geek.
I thought that Miley Cyrus wrote this song while playing geek.
Oh, yes.
You might have.
You might have been what she called it.
Whatever she was on.
Ooh, a little mushroom.
A cluster mushroom.
That makes your backpack less heavy.
It does?
Yeah, but that one's definitely poison.
I'll eat it anyway.
What's that jellyfish on?
Look, the beetle!
Look, the beetle!
Wow!
Apples!
Anybody want apples?
Apples!
I will eat apples.
I'll eat apple.
I'm in charge.
There's also a sports car.
I'm full of important focus.
What do you want a sport? Do you need an apple?
I'll eat an apple.
There's an apple for each of us. There's four apples.
I am at full...
Everyone can eat an apple.
I'll eat an apple.
Save an apple for later. I'm full.
Look, the beetle!
Look, the beetle!
What?
Where? What?
Over there, the beetle. Over here.
Huh?
What is that?
It's an energy drink.
That sucks.
That's a huge disappointment.
Pepino, do you want an energy drink?
No.
If I had that energy drink, I could do it.
Are you making it?
I'll catch you.
I can help you up.
Yeah, with the energy drink, you can definitely make that.
I am on top of it now.
I guess we'll take the easy way.
The not so fun way.
The not so fun way.
This is the easy way.
What the fuck? Where am I supposed to go?
I got you. I got you.
You got a hoist!
No!
No!
How hurt?
How hurt?
How hurt?
Like you need a lollipop hurt?
What the hell?
Wait, what's happening to you?
Oh my god, I'm super hurt now.
Do you need a lollipop?
I don't know what happened.
I drank an energy drink to kind of help me get up,
and then I just exploded.
Oh my god.
You passed out?
No, I just like...
It wasn't even that.
It was like...
Oh god.
Can't connect.
Wait, hang on. Give me a boost.
Okay.
I have hands that I can pick you up with.
I have a reached out hand.
Thank you.
Wrong way!
Wrong way!
I got you!
I got you!
I reached out this way!
Up this way.
Now where?
I don't know. This is where Pepito leads us.
Pepito, now where?
Where?
Oh, Pepito leads us.
Wait, let me see if I can make this.
Using my mountaineering skills.
There's mountaineering skills.
I made it.
But it is a difficult climb.
For those who are injured.
I will try.
I'm not going to make it again. I'm too hurt.
I'm too full of hurt.
Yeah, me too.
Wait, let me see.
Maybe I'll find a suitcase up here.
I didn't add.
I dropped a medicinal root.
Wait.
Wait!
Pick me up!
Pick me up!
I dropped a medicinal root for you.
Wait, Jayman! Take that medicinal root!
Where'd you go?
Jayman!
Jayman?
I'm down here.
What?
Take the medicinal root!
difficult to communicate. I'm
going to get to you, but you were about to die again. Yeah. I had to drop it so you wouldn't
die. What's the way here? Nope, you can't go this way at all. This is your death. Interesting.
Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no,
where are you? Where are you? I don't even see them.
Where are everybody? Where are everybody? Oh, they're dying more.
Who is the trumpet? That's a really good question.
We're all pretty well-groomed.
Somehow all they're doing is dying.
But I am essentially a mountain goat if a mountain goat was a dog.
And so I can't die.
It was Caroline.
Where are you guys? Did they just go all the way to the bottom?
My bar is almost all round.
You're gonna have to go on without one.
We'll feel high.
Oh, there they are.
That's it. That's all I got.
Hey!
That's as high as I can go.
Wait, wait, wait. Hold on.
The voices are in my head?
Eat my airline.
That sounds...
That does sound kind of a low-rate.
Jeevin! Jeevin! Jeevin!
You make my mom not gonna do anything?
I don't know.
You know what? I could turn that on.
Even though I'm in a different room.
I'll go to his room.
Oopsie!
One second. I'm killing the human that lived here before.
I have to kill the previous inhabitants.
Yeah.
There we go.
Stop.
Not playing this incessant music.
Anyway, now you can make somebody's mom yell at somebody.
Theoretically.
Where is everybody?
I don't know, lady.
I'm a dog that's broken into your house.
Doo doo doo doo.
Well, I guess I have no choice but to abandon them.
Isn't that what you do when you're part of a team?
Is he safe? My team's not good enough and you leave them?
Yes?
What a cute dog.
He's a good boy.
Me? You want some food?
Yes. Maybe some dundee?
Wow, look at where they are.
Look at that.
She's down there.
Is she gonna feed me or not?
Or was it all lies?
Was it all lies?
I didn't know that was a thing!
I'm trying to make this.
I'm trying to go beast mode.
Barely.
I didn't make it.
I didn't make it.
Are they dying?
All the noises are like they're dying.
Crack, crack, crack.
Should I help them?
Should I do a help?
I will return to the team
and show them my security.
I tried to give a boost to no one who was there.
I'm the smallest lady!
And you are a dog.
Guys, there's the smallest one right here.
You can do it.
Hey guys, it's Pappito.
I'm above you directly.
I'm going, I'm going.
Do you see it?
Yeah, now come to me.
I'm coming.
I don't know if Pappito is on.
What? We're doing it!
Oh, there's Pappito.
Now let's all three of us get on that bridge with Pappito.
This way, this way, this way.
This way.
Yeah!
It's happening!
Who is a good doggy?
Me?
Would you like a treat?
Will you have run the fog?
I'm getting lightheaded from all the scary beat up dude.
Drink some water.
What the fuck am I doing?
I did not get grabbed by me.
What?
Wait, get up.
I got my top up.
Okay, there you go.
I'm here just in case, just in case the bridge collapses.
What?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I think grabbing doesn't work.
I think the grabbing doesn't work.
I think it's trying to make it.
Grab him!
Breathe, breathe, breathe.
Breathe, breathe.
Our corn, okay.
Oh, this way, okay.
Maybe.
I can't, I can't.
Get on top of me too.
Where are you?
Ready? One, two.
Get, get, oh, hello.
Get on top of me.
Crazy style.
Big beta!
Oh, wait.
Why did you not let me?
There we go, there we go, there we go.
I might have to throw a Pepito to you guys.
Sorry, that Pepito, big box.
Big box.
Say big box.
There we go.
Yeah!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I got it, I got it, I got it.
There we go, there we go.
Gotcha.
Give me big box back. Give me big box.
I have the big box now.
I think you gotta go this way.
This way.
Are we gonna bake that? I don't know.
Yeah! I don't know.
He's crazy.
Hang on.
Okay, I'm going to get closer to the ledge before I start climbing.
Yeah, like right where you're at.
How do I give you a boost?
Oh, it's a shift.
You have to crawl and then go under.
Oh, I got it, I got it.
And then you jump. Yeah.
There you go.
Hey Pepito.
Thank you!
That's your Grammy acceptance speech for best metal performance at Thunder.
Oh my God, I was gonna die.
Can you please? Yeah.
Does anyone have food that I can eat?
Or a medical kit?
Hey! No.
I won and it was easy.
This way! This way!
And then I said down with the government.
Burn it.
Burn the government. We're fucking cuck.
Now this is a down with business.
We're cuck too.
Okay, look, look, there's so many options.
Back up with me.
Oh my God.
I'll let you to be our god.
Maybe six weeks.
Guys, we're so close to that.
I got one of my speeches I gave.
Pick me up, pick me up.
Look how close we are to the top!
Jamie, I got you.
Jamie, oh, thank you.
We'll make it. We're gonna make it.
We're gonna make it.
We're gonna make it.
We're gonna make it.
If I'm dipping the game, I think it's easier from here.
This is crazy!
Was there any help from Papito?
No, Papito's a terrible leader.
Papito's a terrible leader.
Papito's a terrible leader.
What are you talking about? This dog was born to climb.
I was all over this mountain.
Look at his jeans.
Look at those jeans.
I went a whole other way and came back for you.
I don't know if I'll ever trust the dog again.
I don't know if I could ever trust the dog again.
I don't know if I could ever trust the dog again.
When people ask me what that dog doing,
I say that dog leading.
Look at me now.
Show me the way.
Is that what you're talking about?
Beautiful.
Even though I'd be within my rights to sabotage you,
for all of this,
for you and me that you're currently doing.
That's a crazy climb.
I'm going this. Yeah, I'm falling too high.
I'm too hungry to take a risk lift.
It's an easy democracy.
It's also not a government.
This is people climbing a mountain.
What's that?
Apples! Apples!
Oh, God. I need one.
Where's that?
Apples!
I really need one.
Nope, I'm not.
I'll wait until you guys cross the bridge.
There's one for each.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Did it kill them?
Yeah.
Why'd you do that to them?
Wait a minute. I have tons of food.
He has tons of food!
He's dead!
I got a ball.
I got my head down.
My head is out.
I don't know where to use this.
Here, you have this food.
Look at who I'm leading is this.
I didn't know you were starting to this.
Who let the dogs out?
Who?
Who?
Guys, there's coconuts!
Let go of coconuts!
It's too late now, Pepito.
It's too late now.
That's fine. I'll save it for me then.
I can't do it!
Kendall, let me get a boost.
Get on top of it.
Maybe I like this.
It's okay. I went through the crack and I didn't know I could.
So everything worked out.
Great teamwork, everyone.
Thanks.
Anyway, what was that about dogs?
You were looking at coconuts.
When I say I got that dog in me,
that dog is Pepito.
Look, this is the way.
I will show you the way.
Wee!
You got to grab them out and then not hurt yourself.
You can fall from any height as long as you grab the side of the thing as you fall.
Just like in real life.
Who needs a coconut?
You need a coconut.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
You need a coconut.
Throw it. You have to fall from it.
AHHHH!
Here you go.
Thank you.
Yes.
Can I have some of those?
Is it a wall cling?
I don't know.
I'm playing smash bros.
Me too. I'm really high up.
And I'm also starving to death in the game.
So we're in the same boat.
The angle of climbing is making me feel queasy.
I am in charge of the rations, miss.
You will respect me.
As the god of this world.
But hold how high up I am.
No one is more important than the guy who's up highest.
Hello!
The left-o-search!
Leadership is an example!
This is the worst leader I've ever seen in my life.
You will learn to believe in yourself.
The left-o-search!
Leadership is an example!
Leadership is an example!
This is the worst leader I've ever seen in my life.
You will learn to believe in yourself.
They said the same thing to Nancy Reagan.
They said the same thing to Nancy Reagan.
And that didn't stop her from giving blowjobs.
That's so fucked up!
That's so fucked up!
But is it wrong?
Oh my god a fairy lantern!
Oh shit.
The campfire heals us right?
Yeah we will do this first.
And then we will fairy lantern.
We need...
We've got the hygrids.
I cook weenie.
I cook weenie again.
I eat weenie.
We shall go for the suitcase yet again.
We eat.
Eatin.
Alright come here.
Come here they're my hurted people.
This is how hurted I am.
The suitcase from the same map exactly.
Oh wow.
That's beautiful.
Wow.
Tell me what everyone's healed up.
I'm healed up.
Oh my god I'm the last one to be healed up.
Oh my god that's beautiful.
Wow.
Tell me what everyone's healed up.
I'm healed up.
Oh my god I'm the last one to be healed up.
Oh!
Let's go for the suitcase!
Let's go for that one!
We want to cook these cookies.
We got the crazy for this one.
This is easy.
Yes!
Bring it!
Sorry I'm talking to somebody else.
Good night Matt.
Good night Matt.
Good night Matt.
Watch this.
Yeah!
Nintendo's 95?
Yeah I made that.
Is it a Superbono baby?
I'm not sure I went to the side.
You're too flimsy.
Nintendo's 95 operating software?
Yes.
And then we go up this way.
Why wasn't Nintendo paid in Royal Caesar licensing fees?
I thought that I was going to be...
It's built into every computer that you buy from the year 1099.
1995.
Every computer that you currently buy that's from 1995.
Oh it's ThunderBark.
Look at this cave system.
This is a spot.
I should be rich.
Wee!
Whoa.
It's a cave system.
Oh wow.
That was a little scary.
Not going to lie.
Thank you.
Whoa whoa whoa!
You're the worst leader, Pipito!
You're the worst leader!
You're the worst leader!
Are you so cruel?
I didn't ask for the very worst leader ever, Pipito!
You're the worst leader ever!
Pipito!
You're the worst leader!
No demand!
No demand, Lee Eisen!
Doesn't tell if he has food!
The worst leader?
No demand!
C decimal war watch!
She ain't part of the wolf pack.
What kind of an expert are you?
you guys don't know what leadership is
you're supposed to be hated
I didn't come to this month to make friends
I have a spot
I have a milk and weenie so you know
YAHEEE
HAHA
someone named him
he said deuces
oh tell him to come up
I told her to get fucked
oh my God
guys there's apples here
there's apples right here
ummm
she might just give you a tell her that
she's my mommy I'm sure she'll wait
yes
they said ok, the temple's getting hungry
no
he said no
I'm climbing
I'm climbing
he's busy
see he's busy
that's so rude
what would you eat if you wanted to
eat
I don't know should we do it
go in on a group pizza
I mean that's your decision
oh my God you see that
you see that shit
that was impressive
that's gonna hurt
oh wow no that didn't hurt
that's safe
there's an apple here
oh it's freaking scorch berries
is that even good
oh my God
I can't hear the balloon
where are you
I already could
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
why did that hurt
I'm so sorry
right here Ken right here
right here
I got a balloon
where's the other balloon
oh good boy nevermind
I don't see the balloon
I'm right here
where are you Ken
you want a balloon
put the mommy's set
Ken don't need the balloon
put it on me right now
hooray
the thing is I'm such a bad leader
I don't think I'm a bad leader
I don't think I'm a bad leader
I'm a leader with no how
so I guess I can't
there you go
there you go
are there any more balloons
are there any more balloons
I definitely didn't have a balloon
that I accidentally dropped
hurry up and get in there
so I'll light the fire
ready
wait
okay
I'm going inside
he didn't go very far
where are you guys
okay
whee
I'm just going up here for fun
at this point
I'm just dabbing on him
hello
I need more balloons
hey river
it says I needed more balloons
what does it do
whee
I needed more balloons
I was not involved in this decision making tree
where is everybody
we moved on
due to your cruelty
yeah
due to Kendall's cruelty we had to move on
later the pizza place is open
and LA everything closes
at 7pm
but
if you know the guys
if you know the right guys you can get anything
I know all the guys
I won't give you
I like James style
I'm just going
hello
I'm here to help you
with your death
my sister needs help
excuse me
excuse me
who is that
wait should I order everybody a pizza
is that a thing I'm supposed to do
no it's okay
but wait but you need food then
I'm just going to eat ramen
like top ramen that you bought
I can make us
I can use my dog cooking skills
to make us take him
rice
hey guys anybody need a water bottle
do you have room for a water bottle
a water bottle
I dropped it
Kendall do you want me to order food
Kendall do you want me to order food
I want to eat
I got bandies
in case anybody needs bandies
I'm going to order you food
this is taco bell
oh yeah like fast
fast food
get the bako taco
I will order you bako taco
I think I'm going to be a cum ghost
so take this
oh okay
I'll have room for that
wait I'm ordering you food
I'm ordering you food right now
I'm a cum ghost
why
because I need to be ghost right now
what
okay
why
why
because I don't feel good
that's not enough to kill her
she's got to try again
did that work
did she did
did she die
did it work
should
are you healthy
yeah
gang
this is a three homie climb
now
okay she killed herself
she did not climb
she didn't listen to the rapper logic
despite all of his
advice
this way
watch the poison ivy
I'm ordering your food
uh
uh
oh no
poison
the antidote
I ordered you
Christian chicken sandwiches
gave it to you
but did you take it take what
not yet
back in the back pack
back in the back
where we going
she killed herself because she couldn't handle
the poison
to make it more interesting
your steve's got some antidote
in her backpack
I got plenty of juice
I don't know where we're going
maybe we go this way
why is my backpack so heavy
um
okay
I can drop the rope down this way if you guys want it
hey gendall
I died
you killed me because I looked at you
sorry came on quick
I am dead now
I had all of our stuff
where are you
I'll be back
hello
I'm here
what
hello where are you
what did
how did you die
uh Kendall came in the room I got distracted and I fell off
I'm sorry
I'm right above you
right above you
how did you get up there
I had a little juice
from the
from an energy drink or something
water
yeah I can keep going this way
I think I got a drink
you can probably find that
this
like here
yeah
and then shimmy on up this way
okay
okay
like this way
the frog rises
the frog
okay
or even actually you know what come this way
turn around
hold on hold on okay
what
guys I think
where I was before
guys I think I'm gonna
Chrissy I'm gonna raid you
and I think stop the stream for now
but I can still play I just have to
go do a thing for a minute
oh so that Kendall
that one's not safe
I think there were apples over there no
I'm gonna eat this Band-Aids
and then pick up this Band-Aids
oh wait I forgot to get the backpack
I have thin mince in here do you need food
I need a little bit of food
okay
yep
yep
guys we failed
due to my incredible leadership
the weak team was incapable of keeping up
that is the tragedy of
not being
a dog
is you just don't get out of climb
but
in a sense
I was it was a huge success
for me
because I'm a dog and I can talk I talk the whole time
and I played a video game with my
tiny paws
so
really
I don't get saying that I wasn't a huge success
essentially
you guys get it
okay we're gonna raid the very people we were just playing with
and then I will
I will also probably be on Christine's stream in a minute.
Well wait, I'll make case do it.
I will sleep.
As I am a dog, and I can do what I want.
Maybe they'll make it to the top, and maybe I'll help.
Maybe I'll watch them suffer.
Either way, I'm having a good time.
Okay everybody, say it's the Papito Leader Raid,
and that the spirit of Papito
is imbuing their stream to keep them alive.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, yes.
We streamed for literally twice as long as CASE usually streams.
Due to my leadership.
Okay.
I gotta go.
We'll probably be back tomorrow with not gaming,
with the important events of the day.
And it's uh, whatever, it's probably like um,
I don't know like therapy or whatever.
You guys get it.
We do more streams.
We never stop streaming.
Okay.
I think that's it.
I think that we say bye-bye.
I think the raid happened.
Yeah, we're free.
We're frickin' free everybody.
Also I think Trent's mom fell down the stairs.
So how's she gonna be dead?
That's why she's been so quiet.