Hello everybody
We're gaming today. We're gamers again
Yeah, why not
Gonna do some news, but I just had too much to do also
possibly fancies agreed to play with me
Fancy I don't know if you're streaming, but I can certainly add you to the title whatever your
Streaming handle is my brother not or not my brother might be joining us briefly
I'll probably be pretty bad. I have not played this except that one time
You see a bed. Oh, yeah, there's my bed. There's a straight blanket on my bed
I'm looking you could you close that? Did you keep it mysterious stop looking there? I
Try to get Kendall to play
But she doesn't like this game. He said I don't like this game. It's just fair. Wait. What are you looking at? Oh
That she was somehow looking at a mirror, but she was looking at chat. She was checking the
vibe
Get a gay blanket
My blanket could be gay. I haven't I don't know how to check
He's still candle. I really like her shirt Kendall
Reverie wolf really likes your shirt
Fancy if you're in here, I don't remember how this game works or how to join people
And is it better if I join your game?
Or if you join mine
How do I game her sounds like someone could use some wd-40 me
Did I forget to turn my effects off? Oh?
Oh that fucking door. Yes, bad
Or are you gonna sad if you meet me? I just had too many effect
It's fancy
Not cases brother said case you as you asked me to play and it's only to put me on the streets to make you money
No, I just wasn't gonna stream today. Otherwise, and then I thought
why have a
Good time non-publicly when I can put you on display
In the human zoo that is twitch my fellow hell-diver. Yeah, can you hear me fancy? I hear you
We're in here now. Look at this elite soldier. Damn
I
Think you're my commanding officer. I think I'm the lowest rank
I'm level five you are but a cadet. Yes
How do I salute you general?
Hey, just yeah. Oh wow. This is surprisingly warm
for
First space Nazis. Sorry space for you for space freedom. That is not very good
Semper fi I meant I meant space freedom-loving cadets
So
If you are adding your brother and your friend you just need to go to your options under O
Okay, and you should give it invite them from there
options
Sorry, oh for social. Oh, that makes weird. I don't yeah, I don't know why it's
Okay, bro, not my bro. I need your friend code whenever you're ready to play
Or you or I can give you mine. I
Also can just I'll just slam it in chat cuz I don't care. I
Don't care who wants to friend me
I'm a I'm a I'm a friend-loving space fascist
So that's the friend code
If you if you can see it
I don't even know if
You know if Ryan's in here
But he might be clip it then anybody can play hell divers with me
It's an elite club of playing with the worst hell divers player
Um, I close this. Oh, whatever. I don't even know I was trying to hide this
Uh
Close
There we go. All right. What do I even have the worst guns ever probably?
Yeah, probably I got a marksman. Sorry wrong. I got a marksman rifle
marksman rifle good in certain cases, but
It's definitely I
Would say not in your wheelhouse right now. Okay. Okay. Yeah, my wheelhouse is
Is is just kind of probably following you around
And mostly dying
my brother
At a friend
Let me add a friend
Whoa, listen up Jack pigs of 91 just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins
And I've been dying to say this democracy across the universe. Yeah
Biden is spreading that democracy
Okay, how do I add someone with their friend code? Oh enter a friend's code. Okay, there it is
Maybe after like um
Street if I stream for like 20 more years, I'll be good at
using games
Holy shit
We're spreading the hype train across the universe today
You probably can't hear that fancy fact I should probably turn that down
Just a little bit
I can't hear that. Okay. Okay
I'll still turn it down just a tad
Let's do
Well, how do I even turn this down? Oh there it is. Okay
Thank you so much for the sport. Uh, looks like we've got
Whoo
All right
Everything is working out dilemma. Thank you so much for the subs skymer for the 100 bits
There is a hype train going. Maybe we'll check in with it in just a second
Well, let me just sort out getting my brother into the game first
I think I just added him
The hype is for slowly adding friends. Oh my god. I love it level two
Hey friends
view my friends
Fight for my friends
Uh, thank you for the hunt on 210 bits big j dub. Oh my god
They're coming in fast
Fight for new york
Maybe I can convince my brother to play that with me. Maybe I can create uh my own land server for def jam fight for new york
Okay
See if I can get my brother in here
Come on friends
Did I not add him?
Surely I added him
Thank you for the 16 months archangel. My god
I just got like a the equivalent of a spicy cheeto from kindle
Wouldn't be equivalent of a spicy cheeto be a spicy cheeto
Well, no it was like some kind of healthy version of a spicy cheeto or as close as you can get to that
Oh, that sounds horrific
Okay, I should have said an invite now ryan if if I somehow failed the first time
This time it definitely said send oh my gosh daddy rad's coming through with a 10
She's insanity to eat those
She only kennel only eats snacks with chopsticks. Uh daddy red. Thank you so much for the 10
Huge community subs
Fucking huge
It's voting day
I'll be on
Okay, he'll be on intent fancy duty attempt to make me remember how to even spread democracy while this hype train blares through
All right, sure. I can walk you through what we're doing over here. All right, so over here
We have our mission control. Oh, yeah walk up to it
Oh my god
Right now we have a short one of
Spreading democracy spending democracy where we have to go raise flags. All right. Let's you don't like that
You can back out and choose
I love spreading democracy. Oh, okay
One of my favorite things your brother should be able to join
Oh, yes
Let's fucking go soldier
All right cadet, uh, we have our extraction zone over here at the arrow
And we have our flag that we need to raise as our missions red zones or hot spots. I recommend not landing in those
But choose your destination
I don't even deserve that hell divers filter
Yeah, there's new graphics every five levels of the hype train up to an absurdly stupidly high level that we'll probably never reach
Well, who knows maybe someday. Okay. Jesus Christ. I feel like I've forgotten how to
Basically game
Right. All right, whatever. That's probably fine
Uh
Oh my god, I'm a
Yeah, okay
If you don't like one of those just click on it and then
You can go back and replace it
Okay, I think it's just all resupply stuff
Which maybe is all I have a bunch of side arms
Which I'd have to look at it again to see what you have. You can only carry basically one of those at a time
Okay
Yeah, we'll I'll just uh
This is red it out. I think oh, yeah, that's all you got anyway. Yeah. Yeah, okay, okay
And I'm fucking ready to go
All right, give you one second. I'll hit you with something here. All right, that'll work and then we'll start with that
Boom. All right
Boom, uh, I'm ready. I swear to god. I'm ready. There we go. Okay
Let us freaking game the book your armors letting your bolt is
Fancy you're are you streaming?
No, I thought about it when you said it, but I'm not okay
But if you ever to war stream, where could people follow you over this blaring rocket music?
Uh
Okay, fancy rancid great. All right. Yeah, give fancy rancid a follow
For all of your actual better at gaming content
We gotta head north sir. All right, all right, all right
I even have so how do you do how do you just god? I forgot how to do everything
Uh, I don't know what is for you for me. It's control
Oh, that's right. Yeah, okay
Hell, yeah
Oh my god, that looks like a better gun we're gonna find out in a second. Uh, I would take the backpack right here
That I threw down for you. Thank you
I've got a shield
Oh my god, how am I supposed to spread democracy like this?
I should have brought my intax. All right
The hype has ended everyone but thank you so much
Uh, everybody for the support
Daddy rance. Thank you for the huge 10 drop
Everyone else. I'll show you how to soon as I don't shooting bugs
Mag's empty
But yeah, I have grenades too. Okay. I'm remembering
Slowly remembering would be thrown with g
Uh, which is atrocious because at this punch. So sometimes if you go to punch, you'll throw a grenade by accident
Perfect. Oh, are they taking our our freedom-loving corn? Are they trying to take over a corn?
How dare they?
Yes, yeah, oh my god, please
Sir, the the free market of ideas is necessary for corn production. Don't you understand? All right, there's our objective
Our objective wasn't the corn. I'm so that's shocking
Oh, yeah, look at the statue
Can I salute still? Oh, okay. You hit me
God bless our statues
This takes a really long time
Okay, you know, I saw a lot of ammo seemingly
Fancy's keeping me safe. I'm on I'm on extremely easy note mode with my
level 35 ally
All right
Damn it's so dark out
Looks like we've already of spread democracy to several locations on this planet given all the fire
Oh, shit, that's cool. Yeah, some good old freedom fire fires
There is no toxic masculinity
That is why we do it
Let's go close some of these terminated holes
Oh, yeah, you need to go to the bathroom that's your chance
So I can call in a machine gun. Okay, is that good?
Uh can be sure. Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's the kind of noises I like
The kind that make me feel big and strong
Right over this hill
It should be a terminated home base
Freedom freedom to fin dom propaganda. That's what we're fighting for we're spending spreading fin dom across the galaxy
These bugs refuse to give beautiful women money just for the thrill of submission
Not us though. We're americans damn it. Uh-oh
That bug doesn't give a shit. Where do I even shoot this thing?
I'm gonna throw a grenade in there
Bug breach detected. Oh, I gotta shoot when it's nasty ass
Come on. Oh my god. His ass is invincible
Jesus
I'm not doing much here
I'm also detecting a bug breach
We go in there throw the grenades in
Try to get me covered
Don't worry if I run out of ammo. I'll just punch all the bugs
What the hell
Why are there so many?
That's the bugs
Area secured in what sense
Okay, wait, I gotta call something down kill the bugs with the drop let's push this guy
Come on. Come on. Oh did it did it? Oh did
Oh my god, please
Okay, I think this might be a sniper rifle
I don't know how to look down the barrel. Do you know how you look through like a sniper rifle?
You're holding your right, uh, right mouse. Yeah, uh hit the mouse wheel and it'll give you your
Oh
Who's that screaming in my shot?
That's right. Oh, shit. It's my brother
It's my no, it's not case to brother. Sorry. It's not my brother
Hey, did you join we're able to join directly in?
Yeah, I'm on your planet. Oh, baby
Reinforcements have arrived folks
All right, we need to head southeast. What level are you? You're also probably my commanding officer
Uh, I don't know five or six now. Not high and then I did not upgrade my, uh, call sign because I suck ass
All right, okay, so you see one or you have to uh, I'm see one. Yeah
For crap one
Welcome in right. Yeah salutes. I learned how to do this. Yeah. Yeah, this is why we play the game
Yeah, we all look the same machine
The other day I was throwing grenade inside of a bug hole and I looked in there and there was a fucking poster of mouse
Oh my god, that's fighting against boys
Well, it's good to know that we're on the right side
Oh my god, it's
boxes
Oh, I got a common sample. Oh, what the fuck it's another ugly ass bug
Whoa
I think there's a score tower, but I'm not seeing one
Oh a gun
There is a grenade launcher in there. Whoa. I'll take it. Yeah. Yeah, that's important
Wait, actually I can't because the only good gun I have is this uh,
Stall work
Oh, maybe I should take it
Anti material right well videos on this and we don't have it. I don't have it
You don't have anything good
Dude, I think we lost audio on your end. My brother's been bet. He's being silenced
He's being silenced by big bug
Big democracy said he's spreading lies
All right case. I don't know what the button is for you, but you need to heal yourself. Uh-huh. It's v
Boom my brother and I have the exact same standard ass controls
Yeah, well, that's because we're hard for a pc game
Oh supplies, okay
I just changed my mouse button for
I use it a lot
Oh, I see my health now. Okay. It's all coming back to me soon. I'll be like really good guys. What the hell
You gotta take out all those bugs
Oh my god, it's a freedom laser. That's an un-
That's a Cadillac weapon, New York.
The light bug nest. Damn it. That was a light bug nest
We got it. That was on fire
Hmm. You seem to be slightly on fire cadet. Don't worry about that. Okay, cool. Simple misunderstanding. There's a hell bomb
Right here. We can shoot for no reason. I would just get away from it. Oh, I can shoot it. Oh, yeah
Oh the game said stop it your gun's empty
I did shoot it. Oh, whoa
Didn't expect that
No, that was just that big
I didn't think it'd be that big
Get away from me
You walked right into my bullets throwing grenades and directions
Exactly
I do sleep about eight hours
The freedom inside me stays wide awake
Wow, it is so dark here. Yeah
Oh, I hit rock. I need a health flashlight
I have racked all and got a health with all my mates. Oh, shit. What was that button again? Yeah, a little neck juice never hurt anybody
You thought you could beat me. I got one shot by a bug and these bugs are learning
Said uh, don't worry about it. I don't really know what I'm doing, but I'm killing a lot of bugs
That well for me
Shit, you're right democracy does die in darkness and it's really dark out. Oh, don't worry. I'll shoot all the light sources. I'm helping
Was that right
Oh
Like expand and blow off
absorbing
information
There's little balls of socialism on the ground
more southeast here
Okay, going the wrong way
Yeah, propaganda. I am currently in totally in doubt and just shooting
But fortunately, fancy knows that there are objectives
So we do seem to be doing them
We will spread all of yeah, there's no doubt about spreading
Hmm
You need ammo. We've got some ammo pack. Wait, is that?
Oh
Hey
Oh my god, you'll never believe this chat. There's some fucking bugs these bugs over the devil body
Oh, that's why
Exactly that over there all these bugs have their bernie 2020 stickers on
They're about to get shotgunned off. Whoa
Long button. Holy shit
You just shot that objective from like a mile away. That's pretty good
Uh-oh, I think somebody just died again. Yeah
This is the fog of political censorship. They're censoring our right to spread democracy
I was thinking that this game is like
Oh
Uh-oh
There I need to be
Oh, I not died yet that shield works wonders
apparently
All right. Well, I'm doing the Lord's work
Oh, I was saluting inside a heel
I went down saluting after bragging about not dying
Uh
Press what what?
Okay. Oh, shit. I think I'll get you
Now if y'all haven't I would recommend changing your
Command oh, he's got my cannon
changing your
buttons
To where you can hold control and then use
The arrows to do your call-ins. What is my guy doing?
We're just jamming on his wrist here, but I already have my left hand on the
Oh
I had chat open just typed in some cool chats for you guys
God, you're just such a fucking board case
Oh my god, somebody left me a really good gun
You're welcome. I'll call it all the way
Case you can have that I'll take the machine gun
Okay, okay. Does anybody actually considering our objectives? Did you guys knew those?
Did you raise the flag?
Uh fancy has one more to go
Oh good
All of the things from when I died
Okay, I'm empowered. Objective is to the east. No
Well, it is. I mean, I know how horny y'all are feeling booked when I'm here for medals
I want to want to win objectives
Hmm
Our job better equipment
Our objective is to put flags up, right?
Correct. Okay, great. Which is the purple pink. I see. All right
Slowly becoming the ultimate gamer
This contrasts seduce you with tons of
Sexy groups of enemies, but you don't have to kill them. The point is to do a bunch of other
Idiotic stuff
That sounds like you're going to get this democracy, sir
Listen up jack. There's nothing
Microphone on under just mama james 750 shiny tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this
I love the smell of democracy in the morning
Oh
It's buying do it at the end there
I see that bite. It was getting too realistic
Microphone, thank you so much for the 300 bits
I like when he comes up and just stares at me for about 10 seconds before speaking
Holy hell. All right. You got anti-meteor and animated
Oh my god
Punch them
Yeah, the fist of freedom. All right. Thank you. See these orange holes
Oh reinforce, okay
Oh, sorry. What was that fancy? I see see these orange holes
Yes, I need you to throw grenades. All right. I'm gonna go learn how to play the game correctly
Get a grenade in you you freaking boom heroism heroism
That was a medium this no shot. I thought that was large
It's just a little baby mess
Um
Oh shit. Oh shit. I too love the smell of freedom in the morning
And it could be early morning or it could be late night either way feed freedom smells great on this planet
Okay, all right getting those samples. Let us call in supplies. Yeah, we're I'm learning
Oh, I threw it so far away for no reason
It's good to throw it far away. Usually like the enemies move in
You can I think that like this this game is constantly retreating from enemy weight
Although I don't think we're on a hard enough difficulty for this to be like
Forever problem. I see it's protecting me for my own badness currently
All right, I'm heading towards our flag
I I'm following
Yeah, I want to be an elite sniper, but I'm the opposite
Oh, I actually snipe that with a shotgun
Damn
You sniped it away while I was that failing to snipe with an actual sniper rifle
I feel like in this game the crosshairs don't line up all the time correctly. Oh really?
Yeah, especially on like the marksman rifle and
On the marksman rifles. That's convenient because I will go ahead and blame that every time I miss
There's so much drag on where you move your mouse
Tell your cursor
Oh, yeah, that's cool. But as a resident evil pork man
Consider that a feature
It's a poor craftsman that blames his crosshairs. Yeah, I whittled those crosshairs myself
But I am going to blame them
We used to call excuses in games
Johning and then we found out that that was a term other people use
But it was just because our friend John complained so much
They might be on the one of these streams
I have so many friends named John it could be any of them
I'm missing the objective here. Where's the oh, I'm here
Okay, is this putting up a flag?
We are over here. All right
How do you know where to put it up?
Uh, the giant blue laser that came in
I was just looking for more samples for the cause
Samples are always great. You find them in the bug nest usually and decide objectives
Well, you find them in these trailer homes
Yes, you do
Yeah, you just go deal with the objective while looking at these trailers
Uh, got a grenade
Whoa, that actually did something
Hmm, these seem like many bugs
Uh-oh
I brought a million bugs with me
Geez, it's a good thing. There's so many bugs because three soldiers really can kill a lot of them
Hey, what are they they're attacking our little laser beacon over here? What are you guys doing?
Did he dare shoot my horse?
What did they do to it?
I have enough money for gattling mortar now
High high level person. Is that worth it?
Oh, yeah, fancy. This is ryan. I you guys probably haven't met
Also, I don't know is fancy what you're preferred
That's fine. Yeah
I don't think I can really argue that when it's my game or tag
All right, uh extraction
$1,000
So what's a raw fire rate? Oh, I got bugged up
So the blue dot on our or like the blue compass thing
That's the next objective that blue laser in the distance
That's just a big enemy
Oh, okay
You can put your own on there
On tap. Oh, I see
Nice
Oh, it says extraction is available. So I guess we're just supposed to leave now
Well, I think we did all the major
But you can always like
Oh
Kill with cbb. Is that the name of one of the enemies? No, that's definitely me. Although. I don't know
I was
But I wasn't even shooting you
Samples just bug coming I think so
Oh god
Jesus it's not looking good for this guy
Oh, that's helpful
Okay, okay, okay, let's look at our map. I don't know if now's the time to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look at this map. That's great
My god, this thing's huge ass can take so much shotgun
Oh, who could have seen that coming
I've been reinforced this time the bugs are gonna get it
Get them some bags
Oh my god, I died immediately six foot fall
Oh, yeah, the fall damage in this game is kind of crazy
Getting vomited on it turns out is not good. It's terrible. It slows you down so much
Look at fancy school ass guns
Okay, okay, this time I see that I get puked on immediately
Don't stand right there. Let's run away. I need a grenade in this hole. There's a hole
Yeah, I helped
Hey, hello to democracy. Oh, it's spreading it hard today. I think we had towards the attraction though
Yeah, baby. That's what I like to hear
Closing time. Let's let's let's get the Miller time
Miller time
Damn it. You ruined it bug
I felt like Naruto for a second should be able to cover her
Oh god, I gotta run
It won't deal damage to you
I'm too bad
I am very slow
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm in the place she told me not to be
Yeah, die and you should be able to like get out of the bathroom. Oh, yeah, I can die
I got a two person door never mind
Never mind
Uh-oh
All right, we got a flamethrower and some uh
Reloading two four got four
Let an army of murder straight to my friend to learn something about the game
We've only lost one four four soldiers
Let's think of how many bugs have died. Okay. Let's try this again. Oh my god. I hate you
Okay
Excuse me. Steven. Good to see you
Sorry, Steve. Oh my god. I was killed by ryan black. Well, that can't be
Steven was your father. Well, then, you know, I'm just I'm just out of respects. I'm calling you a daddy
I've been helped. I've been sent to the great democracy in the sky. Don't turn around right you keep running
Oh
Oh my god, this seems like not the safest area
This doesn't seem like the best neighborhood. Okay. All I want is my some kind of better gun. Yeah
There we go
Uh-oh, I picked the wrong time to reload. Oh come on. You can't be bleeding that much
I'm full I'm full on health right now at least
I wanted to run so bad, but my legs were melting. That's the only thing holding me back
I think your legs turned into cement right there. They were
Um
I think ryan's gonna get called in first
That's what you get for messing with the fucking bugs
Little jumps
Don't stand a chance against us
It's fucking over for you
Bug army, bitch here for that death. You can have a shield generator back. I thank you
Goddamn
For 96 seconds. Yeah, I've died a lot. That seems fair
All right, but I do have
We got enemies coming in from west
I have to charge her. I don't like that
Oh
Oh wait, I can I can watch my brother too
Let's not watch fancy competently survive. Let's watch my brother get my book
Jokes on you. I'm just gonna call a fancy
All right, I'm gonna kill the charger with the
No, I'm not I got stuck on a dead body
Oh, I don't have any cool
Oh, I'll actually make it in time to to die right as the ship lands
You could land on something
And that throw you in that'd be great like that guy. That'd be great. Oh, here we go
Now that I'm back everything's gonna be okay
Oh
I think I just blew almost blew myself up
To the park
We have a fancy just out there to defend the ship by himself
But it works
Oh really is it?
Oh, okay
We made it Kendall
You got fucking lucky this time boys
Like line of sight and if there's like a little pebble that's blocking the way it will kill it
The bugs are coming next time you drop it on a
A vile titan and it hits the titan it doesn't kill it
But if it if it like lands under it a splash damage
That does seem kind of wet yeah
Or not a prime
But the headline gentlemen is more metals that means more ammunitions
For me sir. I'm a level six cadet
Sicker capes. I want armor that has extra simpaks in it because I died all the time
That's smart buy back for that
I wonder who did most of the work here
Right
Yeah, you got birthed on the set of nicolodian double dare
Absolutely
What a show what a show so we have to go back to the ship
Yes, oh good a new difficulty
Yeah, some some high level player was explaining me how this game actually works like
Seems like several missions are tied together. Is that is that correct and correct? It's completely multiple ones
Yes, so typically the higher the levels the more you get and I think it caps out at three
Um, so you do three levels of the same planet and then you unlock a new difficulty
Which gives you more samples to collect and uh more enemies to kill
And rarer samples as well. You want to try it?
You want to come over here you can do your ship management and see uh what you can upgrade
Whether it's buying new stratagems or your ship itself
Well, look at this
I'm trying to save up for that atmospheric
Look at this. I'm saving up for the bro. Oh, I got that one actually
Ship management. What does that mean?
Ship management, uh, that's where you can buy like new weapons and stuff
Oh, I can change the ship name
Currently we're hammer of the constitution
I'm the queen of democracy. You can change the name Kendall
Ryan come give this
Go gooey slimy helldiver a hug Kendall does hate freedom. She refuses to be free
Hold on. I will do
I was smoking a spliff because I'm that kind of guy the spliff of freedom. We're fighting for your right to do that
That's right. Hey freedom
You mean a hug, baby?
Yeah, I don't want to wash that off, but
No, I went right through my cape. Now you're part of my cape. I really want to break your shotgun
Oh, Matt
I've watched a bunch of videos of people who are good at this game playing and they all use it
It used to be really good. Then they nerfed it. It might still be really good. Okay
And I want orbital laser
Orbital laser is so good. I want to open it. I want to open the god hand
The superintendent of self-determination. I like that a lot
I approve
I have enough money for a uh gatling gun sentry. I'm thinking we could get that
Whip a booster it says I have four but then oh that just is for okay. Oh acquisitions. All right
The I don't think you can get it. The EMS mortar is one of the best
Oh, yeah
Oh, I can buy super credits that makes enemies slow down inside the range of the EMP or whatever
Wait, can I just pay to win?
Kind of yeah
You can buy credits and then I think
I don't know if you can actually buy other credits. Let me say
How about the hell diver space optimization that seems right?
Come down to full ammo
Oh, yeah, that's actually really good. I used that one last time, but if you do that, I'm gonna switch
That'll be my first uh, like one of those octagonal buffer things. So that's good. How do I get
guns
Oh, is it not the store where you buy guns? Do you get this somewhere else?
No, no, that's under R
And then you go to war bonds and it'll be hell divers mobilized because I don't think you might not have any other ones
Oh, I see. Okay. Like any good democracy of the system for navigating how to do stuff that's uh
complicated
Yes
Like always for socials
So I can't pay to win. Okay. That's kind of a relief because otherwise I'd be tempted to drop 20 bucks on some unnecessary gun
Um page 10
Oh, it's page locked. All right. Oh, so I have to progress normally
You have to spend tons of medals to get uh up the skill tree
Yeah, the super credits allow you to buy the like the other expansions, which don't go away
And though they have new guns in that
Oh, I see the current things available when I looked yesterday were
terrible
I'll just uh different skins on available. So
putting edge
democratic detonation Jesus
Oh, so I do have some of these
I can democratically detonate
Oh, this is also the only one you should have right now is the is the heli diapers mobilized over the top one
But you got to spend your credits from top to bottom
So I'm still on page two. All right
Yep
You know with all these orbital lasers and
And uh 500 kilogram bombs and stuff you still need some boots on the ground
To punch these up down left right combinations on pads
Exactly we're gonna change
I have 250 can I claim this?
Um, yes, you click and hold
Oh, or do I already
Oh wait, are you understealed veterans? Oh, your stream is so behind for me. That's just because of the buffer
Or do I have to get this first?
Why am I so bad at everything?
Yeah, you suck. I'm just standing by my health pot waiting
I'm holding I'm holding left click and it's just not claiming anything. I don't get it
Yo, I have that I have that problem all the time. Uh
it like
It just some glitch where my left click doesn't work if you keep going in and out of the
Oh, okay. I've never seen that
Well, that's happened to me. I don't know if case season
I'm tapping my ass off. Hmm. Oh, okay try that again. It's
Oh, oh wait, you need to go and hover over uh claim. Oh, okay
Damn, all right. I got finger guns. Oh, I couldn't see that because it is
Because it is. Oh, it's yeah, I'm over it. I'm not watching you because I'm not a fucking fighter
Damn, that's harsh
Honestly, I've been I've been loving your
Why thank you a lot of people
I'm sure do good things on twitch, but there is nobody doing the things you do
That's true. Nobody even wants to see me. I'm the only one. All right
Um, I claimed a whole page of it. Okay, cool. Now I can get this gun
The defender in this case like so if a snapchat filter works like it tracks your face
Then you could also run the same snapchat filter on a movie to track that face
Yes, I'll I wonder if there's a way that you could run your capture of speaking over the capture of the
Face on the uh on the movie
People do do that, but they usually just hold their phone up to like a tv and a lot of detect and put it on
No, I need the more scientific message
The problem is snapchat really limits what inputs you can use
However, you could use obs as a source running a movie and then run that into snapchat. That would probably do it
That would I mean our filters you use actually snapchat or is it some kind of other
It is snapchat. It's just snapchat discontinued their um
Snapchat just continued their support of pc like their own app for pc's
Now they want you to use it only on mobile basically so you have to use like a hack to use snapchat
um
Like an old version of it. You have to like make a private server
Well, this is a pc game right?
But yeah, you could totally run if you ran it through
obs or some other thing that lets you set weird input sources
You could run a snapchat filter over an entire movie
Although i'm sure it would it would like get confused whenever it changed angles
Well, yeah, I mean it'll only operate it'll only apply the filter if your face is a certain like
number of uh degrees from straight on right
But i'm certain there's a way
I'm certain there's a way to apply this and the way that you use your channel like
Or the way you use your tech on your channel and this I feel like there's no limit to um how
How high a tower how high you can build corn
I can add snapchat filters to the entire universe
You're already doing something that's uh, I would say on the on the cutting edge of that
That's ever been used so like why not push it as far as possible. I I will at least accept that
I'm on the cutting edge of snap cam
um
Oh wait now I can equip all these guns. Okay. I swear to god. I'm almost ready. I just bought like 40 things
These are actually real-time strategies being called by their players. Is that how it is?
Yeah, I've I've seen things come up and blow the ships up. What does that mean?
I've not seen anything blow ships up
I've seen a ship uh like drift off into where you can't see it up the window. Oh, they may have gone to another planet
Like like hyperspace or something
I feel like the new shotgun I got is worse
Which shotgun did you get?
The sg 225 breaker
Oh, no, that's the good one. Oh, that's the good one. Okay. I'll try that. You didn't get that
How would you do that? That's on that's on like page eight, isn't it?
Oh, I had a bunch of points metals, which is probably because he played a long time ago and then got a bunch of like
Metals backtracked for all the objectives we completed when he was playing
That's probably true
I had 250 metals and I have only played once
Also, when I voted booted this up it did say like congratulations like eight times
um, so
Okay, let's actually play the game
All right, like like mr. Gohan you're powerful you suck
Failed despite the best efforts of the hell divers to decommission as many automatons as possible
Well, somehow I failed something too
Um, should I pick the same thing we were just doing like the terminus terminus? Yeah, sure. Let's go to where we were which is
Oh, man, I think we're in a rada prime. Yep
Okay
And then we got to go to the ones that are yellow. Ah, so this guy. Yeah
Great one mission
eliminate vile titans
so
I don't like neither you or I have
Oh great. I can do that easily especially on this difficulty. Should we just kill the terminated swarm to thin their numbers?
Well, we gotta do all of them. So I say we start with the vile titans since that'll be
The hardest and then we work our way
Yeah
Let's not land there. I say we land uh here
Where do you even cross on this huge right here?
Wherever you say boss, I'm gonna follow your lead because you have the highest ring
Yeah, so I I'm over here. Okay. I mean we all drop together wherever case takes
I packed it. I will drop
Let's see. What am I gonna drop for you
Patriot suit for somebody and oh my god, I have posters finally
Yeah, me too. I finally have the land with all your ammo
You know our mutual friend case who I'll call military guy just to receive the actual ring of kernel
I don't know that
That is crazy though. All right. We're ready when you are fancy
I'm ready to up. It's not show me as ready
Oh, I'm not ready to and also Ryan isn't or no, I am oh shit wait
Yeah, I'm totally ready
Weird bullet. Look at these bullets
Now we're going back into bug culture once again
Yeah
Seems playstation won't be uh, letting this onto xbox anytime soon dano unless it is and I'm just unaware
One of you can have that
Oh, okay, your shots are limited
Oh my god
Whoa, what the fuck
Free me an item wait, no one wants them
Oh my god, look at him go
Hardy and pick up boys
Okay, here we go
Oh, should I should not have reloaded yet. Oh my god run for it. You fool
Rodney of course
standing on a solar panel
Doesn't feel like uh, it's as American as this guy wants
Oh, wow, this shoots way faster. Holy hell. What is that thing?
I'm gonna pretend I killed that because when I shot everybody
I somehow just jumped into the air
Let's think that was a glitch and not a move I can do
Yeah, you can't really jump
What that why I keep jumping what I'm just glitching I'm just glitching all over the place
If they sell it on xbox microsoft will make bank and the 180 country sony won't sell it in the hole
Yeah
it seems it seems they've
Really, uh engage the wrath of the internet with their current strategies for this gameplay station
Oh, I got killed by fancy
I should have mentioned that beforehand. Oh, yeah, it does seem like they're fault. I agree
Uh, deeply
I don't see another bug hole around here anywhere. I see it
No, I don't where's our bug holes
Okay, well apparently we finished it all
And there's no bugs like spawning so
It didn't tell us we eliminated an ass did it? No, I didn't see it
It's not this great out thing and it kept playing the, uh
You know the the intense starves
Well, don't we just have to eliminate the bile titan thing which we did?
Uh, yes, but on the reds on the red, uh
On the uh
map if there was a red circle indicating a bug nest
Oh, oh, yeah, what the frick
I
If it's if it's something good, I doubt it was me who dropped it
I have grenades I think get in there. Oh god. I did it for America
But no
Uh, yeah, that that could have been me. Oh my god, you killed fancy. It's a real achievement
I saw the bullets coming right at you, okay
I saw some like little stupid thing running around. I just thought I'd shoot it
It's there. I appreciate you getting me through four grenades. I know that's what you're doing
These voice lines are great
Anyone's considering checking out monster hunter, you know, I played the, um
Played the playstation version that was popular during like, uh
The start of the pandemic
But I'm not up on what the most recent monster hunter people are playing is although maybe that's multiple
mh rise. Yeah, I've not played that
Let's see how accurate I can get this
I mean that is like dead on them, but it's gonna miss watch this
Oh my god
I mean you can't spell spell marxist without some of the words letters and insects at least a couple
Get anti materials
I'm slowed. I don't even know by what that's the world has like earthquakes. Oh, I see
Oh, yeah
Oh, whatever. I think we got them all. All right now. We got a bug now
I'm going to throw laser on this one. We're on a way from that gas
Why does it keep attacking you guys?
I'm never using this stupid gas again. Oh shit. You keep liquidating us
I literally threw it in the hole and it landed right on top of you guys
I
Didn't realize fancy works for the bugs
He's been with us the whole time
Look at him going back to his people. Uh-oh everybody's dead
We win
Oh
Ryan's holding on the standard for america right now. Oh god super super earth aka america
Thank you
Oh, don't worry. I'm back. I'm back to definitely help
I'm guard you fucks. There is one thing I struggle with
All right, I'm gonna throw another gas on it. I don't know where you're gonna be. I'm just gonna run towards you
Oh god, you're so far away
Again
Advance me daddy
It feel free to take some resupplies
Oh my god earthquakes
We've got an anti-material rifle. We've got uh
A stalwart. We've got a breaker
Yeah, if they came out every every year common scammer, we'd have to institute our own hell diving
Just hell diving all over a bunch of like barely functional cicadas in our life for a couple days
At all
Oh my god
I don't think you killed anything, but it looked great. Yeah
I'm helping. I'm gonna see if there's any metals over here for us
I don't know if you can go kill that other bio type
I'm gonna stick with you
Apes strong together. Yeah, I watched uh dawn of the planet of the apes the other day
That that is like a top class movie
You get that movie five stars the one with james franco
No, it's the second one
I do like it's like a perfect movie with with like bulletproof effects. It's really good
I don't like I ever watched it
Yeah
But I also don't remember it
They didn't have that one on hbm perhaps because frank here got uh got canceled
They're like, oh look here's parts two and three of the
uh
Of the planet of the apes
You know trilogy which is already a sort of a reduction of what's going on there
So another one is coming out and of course the other one that coming out is uh a disney property
Well, they're actually making nine of them
Like
Oh
I survived somehow
Somehow surviving
Okay, I got a little I got a little eaten up there
Every time case says he's living you guys so I don't know what that's all about
Well, I have survived your your attack not the box attack
The hoji movies were better the tim Burton one was good, but I can't pick the new ones
Not enough people in rubber apes suits for my taste. I do miss the rubber apes suits. Absolutely. I agree with that
I do remember the my way. Do you remember the james franco cgi?
Feeling a little unsettling to me at the time, but it's probably improved in the more recent ones
God damn it. So bad
I just keep hitting the wrong commands to callings
That sounds like a smart move for me to do stop at bugs
Uh
That's true
Oh, I reloaded at the wrong time
Oh, look at us come back
The failure the failure crew
Okay, I'm running this one
Whoa
I'm trying to walk it off. I swear. You mean the original not the original remake. No, I know. Sorry
I I thought the um
Tim bird one was okay. I don't remember it. I just my brothers. I remember so few movies very well
I remember kind of liking the franco one and then I have not watched any sense
I guess there hasn't really been a plenty of movie. I like really hated
Oh, how convenient so many
Although I've never seen some of the weirder old ones like where there's like cults of uh
There's five
Yeah, like the cult of the nuke one or whatever that I've never seen. How do I shoot? Oh, I see
Okay, this is this is pretty satisfying
I see the blue beacon
Yeah, I know I know the premise is a lot of the original sequels
Like I certainly love the idea of a bunch of under sub-training monkeys worshiping a nuke
Oh my god
Throwing the 500
Oh conquest of the planet of the apes that's not even that's not what I'm familiar with at all
Yeah, the movies seem to vacillate between um
The apes kind of having the evil same evils of humanity and and also being like a more noble species
Which I approve of
How do I get out of this thing there we go
That was seduced by serving grenades into the blood hole. Oh, wow that thing. I think you killed me with the grenades, too
Oh, do I need to reinforce? I did? I got the hole. I
I don't I get it in the hole. Okay. How do I run away far enough to reinforce? Oh god
Um up down right left. Oh my god. Maybe I did that. What the hell is even happening?
I don't know how to die. How am I alive? What is going on?
That was a heroism of incompetence. What the fuck? Okay, I'm just throwing a grenade in here
Oh
I bravely threw a grenade directly into my face and it somehow worked
Oh my god, why am I so immortal right now?
Okay, well that killed me at last
Fuck
That was the most patriotic I've ever been
I finally understand why people cry when they see the senate building
Yeah, yeah, don't worry. I was so unkillable until I was easily killable. Give me a freaking gun
Oh god, oh god
All right, just stay over here and I'll be back
I appreciate you being like listening you're gonna not want to follow me
But you don't understand fancy is I just I'm sure I would be helpful
Well, I would like one of us is a game and I don't know if it's gonna be me
I mean if you get away from this worm and go like a lot of times you're not
If you take like two minutes for somebody to come and bother you
Hey, I think I'm at this point. Is that mech you've got avo with it?
Does what the mech dude that you left? No, I'd use literally all of it. Okay, probably not very carefully, honestly
Oh my god
I saw people using
plant throwers effectively to take down
characters
There's such a horrible problem
Yeah, they are you definitely want a risk of killing yourself and playing from it though
Yeah
Good call
Whoo, I actually did it. Oh god. Just in time to get mauled to death. I've got the samples
Don't get on the ship without me. Oh, I finally crouched. I don't even know how
Was it x? Was it z?
I mean, I don't I don't think I could make it back to the ship if I wanted
No, I'm getting mauled to death
Oh
I kind of am out of my good guns. Okay. No, I'm not
I'm running
I'm close
Wait, where am I going? Oh, there's where I'm going. There you are. All right. Oh
No bugs
You don't want to fight me. I swear
All right fancy get on the ship get on the ship get on the ship. Yeah, all right. I'm on the ship
Damn that requires a patriotism hug feels good. Yeah, well good for you guys
You get the samples. It's all good
You guys were lucky this time you got lucky we were real close
The bugs were close
I'm I'm starting to think this solid guy, you know, what it's my ideas. Yeah, I did
We got
We were disappointed into the service share all the bug juice
There's a bunch of juice everywhere much case of stream and see my dive at the end
I still got I still got two two grand for that
Hell, yeah, hell. Yeah, brother
Send it send it to my widow
Paul for an expert
You want the park inspector from roller coaster tycoon three. Hmm. Who is that?
I hope he looks like the six flags promo guy from the 2000s the bald guy that would do the
Yeah, he would have made a great pro wrestler. He would have. Yeah, absolutely would have
Hmm, who is the park master from roller coaster tycoon three? Holy shit. It's gary oldman. Yeah, I can't find even a picture of him
You know that makeup on that old guy was so good that I always thought it was an actual old guy
I love that clip from uh, never say leave or whatever
You know that guy you worked with in in chicago who has the uh, netflix showcase. Oh tim robinson. Yeah
He's like, I got too much shit on me. I don't want to be here anymore
I got felt that way before I think we all know that
Damn, where is the park master?
Hmm, holy shit. I think this is him personally. This is the park master. I got him. Don't worry
Hey
Somebody need help running a park
It's me the park master
What this is how I look
I I feel like I'm missing the other half this one not seeing but you probably are
I had to send case away for a second you gotta have to play with the park master for a minute
It's the wrong guy, but I swear to your job involves uh dealing with picking it
picking basket related
Crimes actually we don't allow picnic baskets in the park. You're thinking of a park ranger. I'm a park master
A common mistake I get that question probably three times a day
You wanted the park inspector. All right, fine. I'll find you the park inspector. That's fair
Although I think I've looked pretty good
Did somebody call for the park inspector?
That's me
There's no denying. It's me
Let's play wild divers
Expendable anti tank gun great
That's actually really good. That's actually really good. Let's do it
Let's purchase it for my son
Okay
Look up park inspector. I swear I looked up tycoon park inspector
And it was me
Okay, wait, I
Oh, I see it now. Okay. I'll get my associate the other park inspector. Although honestly, this isn't that far off
Oh, man, I can be a skate a space cadet instead of a cadet
I'll take that I'll take that unworthy title
Take it till you make it boys
Your ship on case
Ah, yes
That's why you don't have a
You don't have a fighter on here because you're such a scrub. You don't have any fighter strategy. That's true
Okay, this
Is the park inspector and this is the best I can do
You've gone through multiple park inspectors and you've gotten to the park inspector manager, which is me
And I can't do any more for you. I can't inspect any harder than I already am
Park inspector. What is that job? What is that job until?
Unfortunately, it's mostly looking at racist graffiti
And then most I will admit most go unsolved but we get a couple and I those are what keep me going
When I catch the the kid who wrote Bart Simpson is gay makes my week
And I'm with that if anybody should be appropriating Bart Simpson's people making uh trap beats on youtube
That's true. So do you have a little brother named stewart little?
Um, his name is actually uh stewart stewart miniature, but he gets that a lot
I do have I do have a huge uh most problem at my house
And I do sometimes hear them talking in the walls
Hmm
How do I change my armor? Okay, you know the weird thing is like in the book. He's not a mouse
He's just like a really small like deformed human wait, really?
Yes, what?
Yeah
I mean
I I smell a reboot
Well, then maybe it is based on my brother stewart miniature
He's little and he's fucking weird
Okay
Also somebody requested a requested coverage
reverie wolf as park inspector
I noticed when case didn't I don't know what you wanted coverage of but I will make us talk about it
I guess
Who is the roller coaster type two and three expert slash master?
Coverage of that. It's me
To answer your question. Well, I'm the inspector. I don't know who the master is actually
Is that like a fallout style master like an accumulation of many park inspectors fused into one being
All right, let's uh send us on a mission to defend
Democracy which I'm in favor of as a park inspector. Should we eradicate the swarm or emergency evacuation?
I hate emergency evacuation. Let's eradicate the swarm
I hate the pile of dead bodies. I always leave that side of the
Oh my frame rate is suffering
Park master is not being friendly to the frame rate here. I'll do this. That'll help. I can't move over to cases house for you
Gunshade
Oh
Holy shit, look how small this is. Oh, yeah. Yeah, this is literally just gonna be like
Oh, I didn't pick any weapons. I'm sorry
Sorry, I got ejected from my toilet
Okay, we're going back in
There we go
All right, wait eradicate the swarm. How do I go down? Oh, there we go. Okay
Everybody
Okay, we're ready ready to inspect this planet see if it's up to code
Maybe build a six flags here if it's nice enough the mice conspire against me the park master
Although it's more rats in the park
Absolutely, not damn it. If there's anything that thinks different for me on this planet. It's one of my least favorite things
Oh, man, there's some
Got to be a grenade machine gun in this game somewhere. Whoa, what the fuck? Oh my god, so many
Wow, this area is so small somebody
Oh, I got killed
This inspected my body
using claws
They're throwing their vote away uncle philtuke
Okay
Oh my god, you're right. They already did take over rfk's brain. They've already won
They've already infiltrated america be one of our sharpest minds tastiest brains
They need to call something down pretty badly
I got a big boy gun
Oh, shit, I only had one bullet for that
Okay, now I know
They were a little expendable
Oh, shit, I didn't mean to do that
I'm not expendable. I want
to get more
And to get the ones that I dropped before when I got killed for
idiot
So where did what are samples? Where do they look? What do they look like?
It depends on how they have them look like flowers. Some of them look like rocks
Some of them look like ammo packs. Do they show up on your map when you get closer than they look like
You know, they look like one of three symbols, right?
And then if somebody's got drop sample packs, they look like a little beaker
Okay, where are the enemies? We just did it. That's it. Everyone still have 48 left to go
A 52 is a passing grade. You're grading on a big enough curve
Point is just run around and get more samples. Oh, here's one
Fuck yes
Bug breach
I've been inspecting the breach and it's full of bugs
Whoever hit that
Oh, there we go fancy got me again
What?
Somehow I got electrocuted to death
That's okay
Yeah, I just died. I think I'm dead now. I think I'm a dead park master
It's been nice living, but I've died apologies. No more tycoon games
Yeah, I'm calling his own death
All right, all right, wait, what killed us that time?
Well, the god revived me and then you know
It was just to walk from the cave to the
What weapon of yours is killing us constantly fancy. It is a that is the tesla tower, which is honestly great
Oh, you got a dive under that?
Yeah, sometimes you dive in the show, bitch. It's got a ridiculously
in act or inconsistent range
sometimes you're like
Man, that is like really. Oh my god. That wasn't me
No, I just immediately was in the middle of them. I guess. Oh my god. Oh my god
I'm like, okay good only two little bugs and then I turn around and I'm surrounded by like 500
Or whatever
Hand-colored things that jump are okay. Yes now's not the time
You're
But I'm I'm helping well
Jesus
Get frickin new us
Not just you
I did not get in
I now live with the bugs
Turning on subtitles might be something you need to do
The bugs of communism rarely arrive on loop
I didn't fully understand the counting the countdown clock
I should have taken it more seriously
Really should do there. I mean that was such a tight area
I maybe if they we like all sort of ran around it in a circle as a team and like
through air bombs in the middle
Yeah, I got five samples boys
So we don't share samples, right? I think everybody gets all right. Oh, that's nice
Got on the ship with like zero seconds left
I was trying to pick them up if only if only one person could get the samples high level players would just uh
Get all the samples
Frag everybody right at the end and take your shit. That is true
nice
look at
Look at Fancy Ransom with the with the fucking blood and gore of glorial over in our bitch ass is
Straight from the dry cleaner
He got a lot of my bug friends, but I'm a marshal
I think we're improving justice
We only lost about
A thousand bugs, which is an improvement
I only killed y'all like five times, okay, so
I think that's acceptable sacrifices for the amount of bugs that were killed. I agree. Anyway, you mean earned a thousand less than
Than the maximum possible. We still made money
And of course
Those of us standing on this ship who don't have a spot of gore on us are still alive
Oh, so what's the green resource? It's like a green circle with a
Uh line on the middle
What I'm on some page with like that's common samples. Yeah
The orange is rare and the purple is super rare
Oh
I I don't I haven't seen anything that actually costs purple, but I guess I'm probably not high enough level
Yeah, that's like third and fourth level
Like right now what I'm trying to get requires
Where's it at
200 common which I'm so far away 150 rare so far away and 15 super rare and I have 13
I want to get like I'll go ahead liquid. I was just gonna say I want to get liquid ventilated cockpit that that reduces the
The eagle cool. Thanks for the follow 50% that's that seems pretty high. That is a good one. Have a great night uncle phil
Thanks for hanging out
Diggy, thank you for the follow
Late uncle phil voiced main character on gargoyles
Really? Oh, yeah, I guess that makes sense
Okay, I'm ready ready whenever you guys are I
I don't have enough money to buy anything else. So I was born ready, baby
But we have to do your least favorite thing
Evacuate civilians. Sorry no choice
All right, that's okay because I think I understand how it works a little better
He was shredder on ninja turtles uncle phil wow, I did not know that either
Uh fancy tell us where to go
All right, so we should start at destroy rogue station
Then we'll head west to evacuate priority citizens. Oh wait. No, I'm sorry. We'll start here
We'll head south head to we got to go to establish comms up link. We'll start over here by destroy rogue station
Nice, I get it
You
You you
Boom ready. There is no
Selectively changing
Oh, that's fine. Take your time for america
You have to hit okay when you're freezing out
I
Music is a little intense
The park manager he got killed by bugs
Just some of the cockroaches in my apartment actually
Wow
Your grenades by pressing four is that we're doing pretty good. I think you're doing okay
I don't want to try I can't believe you can't drop. No
I'm just spraying into the open truck
Your slow that helps you out they can't move
Yeah, you're right
With an impact grenade. Yeah
Oh, I missed
There we go
I'm reloading way too much
I'm telling you
My gamer old school gamer and six are just reload constantly
It is it is so much more logical to have it feel like this
Yeah
I died by brian m blackwell
How did I suddenly despair so much?
How about the
Whoa
Who is this it's a sample. Oh my god. I'm a genius. Hey, he's learning
Shop those things. Thank you. I did it. I'm learning
Call duty brain exactly
They drop people. Why don't they drop massive bombs? Well, the technology hasn't evolved the point where you don't eat a person
To drop the massive bombs they haven't quite sorted out drones yet
In a world without gyroscopes
There are hill divers
It also turns out you specifically need to throw grenades into their holes the main way to defeat them
All right now we gotta hit south
And the computers just can't figure out what's what a hole is
The computer can't figure out what a hole is. Yeah, they're like they just think everything's a hole
Yeah, you would think our top graphical maps would be a little more
Should we just ignore that?
They seem to be coming to say hi
The music suggests they know we're here
I'm just warning south boys
Yeah, we never died
I would never
Should have really followed them, but I wanted to get this
To do this. Oh, it didn't do as much as I'd like
All right now I catch up my unnecessary battle bombs and holes if you think it'd be simple
I did go rogue there while lethal company. I wonder how much that's been updated since I stopped playing it
I would leave the company, uh, they still update new characters. Maybe we should we should
Do a lethal company at some point for old times sake
I love it. I'm down
I just played portal one and two for the first time. So nothing is old times. Wait, don't walk in front of me
What's he doing he got stuck. Oh
It was the perfect time. We need to keep head south
Let's avoid the bug breach. Just run south. All right
Look don't breach chief. It's marshal
But yeah, how do you dive Ryan?
With uh, all
Oh, that's fun. So yeah, like
I I have a lot of fun
But you use space bird climb
And then you use all the dive seems extremely important
Oh, that's awesome sinister dev
And I actually get how those mod profiles work now. So
Although god, we really polluted the pool of our mods. Uh, the last time we played with like 18 simpsons mods and a family game
Yeah, you were playing that night too where we all kind of lost our minds and decided never to play again
Oh, man 16 people playing lethal company all with
It was a true paradise
Oh, I got a different type of shotgun
Oh, did I just kill you?
Wow this gun was so much stronger
Yeah, I guess so
But
I do want to go kumat for every every game objective critical strategy. I'm no longer
Yeah, we got to come over here to this terminal
And then we got a call down down down up
Oh
No god those things
There's a resupply
Oh
Yeah, the last time I played lethal company Ryan, we used a simpsons mod that was just
Like some weird simpsons racing game that had been modded told me like a map
And it was just all of springfield, but really really big
It was huge. It was it kind of made me feel like I was losing my mind like I had entered a liminal space basically
Yep
Jesus there was no level of detail. No, yeah, it was just like I go like a monsters. Mm-hmm a strange empty graveyard of simpson
It really did break Fiona's brain. That's true
Damn, I died instantly to one of those vomity guys those things kill you so fast
Yeah, can't let them. Yeah, they're not safe for work mario mod. That was when we were still uh, we sold some brain juice left
Simpsons mod was the nail in the coffin
Yeah starship operator. I was uh
Who could have seen it coming a giant bug vomiting on me. It's the real reason Fiona stopped being a cream gamer
Yeah, that was what did it
Did that all right now we got ahead
Damn it
Have the brake action shotgun. Oh, it's empty. You just gotta punch it. Oh
All right, now we're good. If nobody has a backpack item you can take that
Backpack I don't even know what that is
Uh, you can hold like so they've got like the shield generator. I gave you
Yeah, this is a supply backpack where you hit five you can reload your ammo or give somebody else ammo if you walk up to them. Oh
I called in another
ways our cannon
Yeah, and he honestly felt like the right way to send off that lethal company game, which we had been playing so much of
But now maybe it's been long enough that uh, there's new things to explore
And continuing to play in mod that game
Yeah
The the main developers like official releases
Kind of have a nice level of restraint to them. I guess compared to the mods
So those are probably worth checking out not that I don't love
Busty dominatrix peach running around a weird green
grass model
I think this shotgun is too
Requires more skill than I have or something but only having two shots. It's kind of limited
Yeah, but it takes out big enemies quick like the armored guys. Oh, I see
Like I wouldn't use
What the fuck just happened. I don't know
Do you have to be like real close
They resupply
Yeah
Oh my god grenades are good
Oh
Uh-oh it bounced off them
Whoo, so much democracy happening tonight
That was a pretty crazy bounce. Oh my god. Okay, this is what I got this for maybe
I killed it
Okay, I used that weapon somewhat with a purpose for once. Oh my god. Okay. Did I murder you?
Yeah, I ran in front of you
Uh-oh
Why are there so many of these fucking bugs?
The fucking sack bugs
Okay, what do I have?
Yeah, there we go
Kind of are you sure you don't want to try one round of bug murder?
Damn, I can't convince her. She only likes to kill humans in games
Oh, yeah samples. I'm watching video on where enemy damage points are
We're in the hidden ways
You're gonna watch video on one side. I just want to see where the critical points on them reads are
I can't believe I can bump like an entire
It's all we're making this thing ass and not killers. I feel like it's head
Shooting in the head almost seems to do more
Well, the explosives work better on that. Um, like it blows them off and kills them
That was what it's like a damage type
I think it's I think it's a weak spot and a damage type typically not necessarily, but I think it's really
I must know the stark crash
You're requesting supply
I'm getting supplies
I'll throw him way ahead of you in the direction
Yeah, I should have done that
Oh, there you are
Oh, yeah, I like I like if he's I'll come back and take some of this
Yeah, and now I got stuff
Is there a lot of head meta in this game? I don't know
If we don't know well enough
I'm guessing it seems like a kind of game that is simple enough for a dummy like me to play it
Like pretty rarely and sort of get what's going on, but there's actually like
Real strat is easy if you want to play it. Well
Real strategy would be don't do what I just did. Oh, did you just die?
Oh, yeah, I killed myself by mistake
I'll call you in to the middle of this thing
There was some grenades right there at the nursery
I can't see what the hell is even going on
I landed on a target
Oh my god
Somebody killed that for me
Possibly target their lakes to slow them down
Um, yeah, certain creatures do seem to get like limb damage
Holy hell
Okay, should I call an orbital gas strike on something?
Uh, you can't fucking go nuts, baby. You have no clue where it's gonna go. Let's do it. All right. I'm doing it
Prepare to team wave
Yeah
Fancy it's just coughing up a lung lung and melting
Can I get a stim, sir?
Uh, how do we give you a stim? Yeah
Oh, actually, I'm not low enough for me for you to do it. I got it. Oh, yeah, look at you
You dare beg and you're so rich
I just gotta get this
Do that
So where do we freedom loves chemical
To the evacuate priority or some other way point? Uh, no, we need to go just northwest of here north northwest
Ignore my post
Uh, to where we evacuate the civilians
Okay, so here
Yeah
Their business on this disgusting planet look at this shit
Surely they must all breathe on respirators on these awful worlds. No, you just put on a nice
Kevlar helmet you're good to go
Actually, no because there's like corn growing
Well, the corn loves the red earth
All right, sorry. I had to log in to work the house. We gotta get on. Yeah, I know
I was like, should I get the liberator penetrator? But I don't know if that's a good gun or a bad gun or what?
Uh, that's what I use. Oh, I should have picked it up then
Should have seen that coming. Oh my god. It's so much
Yeah, we have oh did not mean to do that get penetrated
Oh my god, um
I don't know where I want to just hit these ejections, baby. I'm looking for a switch now
Okay, I don't think I can run through here. We do this. Oh, we can
You did not just get that poking throw right there. Oh, that was beautiful. Okay, so now we gotta hit these buttons over here
We got one here. We've got one over there
And I don't remember where the purple's at
Right and then these guys always die and they're rid of their stalls
We need to babysit with her. You shouldn't have to with
Oh, yeah
Oh
Why did it why did it sundry kill me?
It does not you were standing in front of uh, oh in front of an enemy. Yeah, I see
It does not differentiate at all. I am dead
I have to hide. Sorry killed by automation just like detroit
I built this city
Kids can hit that button. Oh, yeah makes me feel important. You gotta find third one
There might be only two I guess unless it's on the side
How many times you have to hit each of these buttons, you know
Uh, we have 16 out of 20
So each one releases three
Well, I'm really next to this button. It should warm up again
second
Yeah, it sounds
Here comes another three. Maybe these bugs have
Secrets to give me
And metals or whatever should be the last one. No as long as your century doesn't kill
Well, my century killed 25 enemies. I got a little warped
Ooh, at least another
There we go. There was nothing
There was nothing
Extraction is so far away. Yeah, we gotta go all the way back to the night. Don't forget. There's
God damn it run just run. I don't want to deal with this right now
Run for what to run the block reach extraction
Uh, yeah
Someone's finding rare samples like a hero
Yeah, why can't these freedom loving americans hold like eight guns at once liberal penetration should be your new shipping
They they just refuse they refuse to include the word liberal in anything. Unfortunately. That's why you need to have so many kids
Carry the rest of the guns
There's a hunter for
Oh samples rare sample collection. Wow. I did it
Oh
I had a weak constitution. I had it coming. You were so far away from it. Oh breaker
Yeah, so if you ever see like a little small bug with his butt in the air shooting like smoke up, it's calling more bugs
Ah
Is when a automaton holds up like a red light, is that what's going on there too?
Yeah, it's calling in reinforcements when it shoots the flare
It did. I turned into a liberal condom. There's uh freedom condom station. I thought that animation was through
He was gonna throw a grenade, so I
I'm educated now
Yeah, you could as long as they don't shoot the flare
You can um stop them from calling your reinforcements
Oh rare sample. I'm learning what they look like. Oh, that's not one. There's a sample here though
And there's a sample here. Uh, it's typical Chris
Whoa, look at this a quasar cannon
How many shots is this?
Whoa, was it ready for that?
Oh my god, I wasn't ready to use that weapon. Oh, I dropped a thing
I did not get how the quasar cannon work. Yeah, they have ass tennis propaganda
Anyone can reinforce
I'm very dead. Oh, we're all dead. Brian, if you can throw a reinforce thing when uh
Uh, uh, oh
That was fun to watch though
Jesus not again
Fuckers love to vomit. Oh my god, am I dead?
Jesus, it's scary. I'm scared
Leave me alone
Okay, Jesus. I'm just going in unless I should wait
Okay, I left with a bigger gun which made me feel cool
That's true real freedom is being in a memorial grave
I'm really bad at this. I didn't set the spaz when he's dead
Yeah, I can't say I feel too accomplished at this game
Well, there's only one solution for that bro. That's
You just gotta keep pounding the ground. You gotta grind you gotta grind for uncle sam. You gotta grind on uncle sam
Third
All right, let's do one more and then I think I have to eat something
No, yeah, that's fine one one more is is just enough for me
I won't even let me pay to win propaganda. I can't just drop a fat hundred stack on this game
Yeah, I think the only pay-to-win thing is to get the super credits and uh
Get the more recent content. They just I don't know. You go in there. It's like this
Bad shit is available for like a day and a half. I see and and then I guess there's another one
Maybe maybe occasionally or something
Yeah, I just don't understand the game
I don't
I got my grind set on
We we unlocked extreme difficulty even though I can not handle
easy difficulty
Shit, I got no green things
I get anything else
It's six thousand. Oh, I haven't
Is the recoil is rifle any good
I think the recoil is that the one with the backpack that looks like a rocket launcher
It looks like a rocket launcher for sure a rocket launcher with with a backpack full of tubes
This one just looks like a rocket launcher a recoil is rifle effective against vehicle armor
You don't see the character in the clip wearing a backpack
There's one that's single use and then there's one includes support backpack required for reloading
Honestly, there's like a second person in the video just helping the person reload
Whatever. Yeah, well that that's something you can do with it, but it's a multiple
Reload rocket launcher and then there's another
One that's a single-use rocket launcher that like has a quick cooldown
So you can you can be the judge on which one of those
Sounds the hottest
The hottest shit to unlock
Am I no longer a cadet?
Wait, no, I'm a cadet
I pretty well if I complete level six cadet training
Once you what's your level five you can go into your
options at the
Gun computer and change yourself to a super cadet. Oh, okay. I should do that
And I I like that it lets you decide what your rank is. You just like unlock them. You can stay
scrub forever
one of them is skull admiral and
I looked through the whole list and then like that seems like the coolest one although, uh,
I thought it was funny that you get to
It's like 120 is a five star general 130 is a 10 star general
And then 140 is just a private and 150 is super private. Oh nice
That's the kind of humor that I like
I'm changing to space cadet. Yeah, there we go. I'm a space cadet
Yeah
Me too, bro
Emote hug explosive handshake. I mean that's pretty good
Whoa
All right. Well, if you have an explosive handshake and so do I then we can expose fanshake each other. Excellent
And equipped. I wish I could be a super private
All right, whatever I'll get this gun because it's just the right number of Mondays
All right, I don't know if fancy's here right now. I'm here
I literally was working on a work call getting ash to give me all the details
fancy you want to do one more and then
Uh, leave the rest of the
Other cadets of freedom
Like I'm here for another eight hours. I just started work. So we I'm good
Should we still do the same sector? I guess we completed that one
We can do whatever you want. You want to go to automaton if you want to go to, you know
Well, I just mean there's no like advantage to staying on a rata primary
Erotic prime. We're just trying to liberate it. That's all I guess let's liberate some automatons
Oh, can I see what the difficulty is or does that even matter?
Uh, the difficulty would be whatever you selected the bottom. So that last one was five
You should have unlocked six. I believe
Yeah, I don't right now. You want to go to a higher
No, no, I don't want to but I think I think we need to I think
For the sake of the world. Okay. Well, this is six. So
Should we just eradicate some automaton forces?
Anything that's not retrieved the valuable data right now, okay, let's do let's just eradicate a swarm for america for space america
Daisy lion lion, thank you so much for the raid. Hope you had a great stream
You're eat
Good to see everybody
We're having a relaxing friday night
No, no, no, I know my brother and a friend and I are just chilling
Liberating bug and robot planets for you know, um freedom seemingly so
Welcome, welcome
So usually I do like a news stream
But today's top story is
I'm playing this game for the second time
And it is good to see you up the liberation is going great. It's liberty
Real heroes don't ever shower after battle. They just let it cake up
My helmet camera that's just uh my hell diver my hell diver roommate
A lot of things dropping
It really does
Yeah, we're I got terminated pretty hard there the terminator franchise is back
And it's mad about the last couple sequels. Oh my god. What the fuck am I supposed to do that thing?
What
No, no, no
Geez, uh-oh i'm a little corner
He's got a shield that's cheating the bugs never had shields
This is this is not going that well for me. Oh, no
That
Oh my god
Well before the elimination I at least threw a thing
I'm doing even worse than I was against the bugs, which if you weren't here was not that well
Jesus
Oh, you did I wondered what murdered me so efficiently
I
That thing that was just shooting randomly in the other direction
What the I'm gonna freaking gas something do we know we're playing on extreme difficulty
I had a sense that we upped the difficulty fancy is very high level and we'll probably be fine because of that
But yeah, I'm I'm mostly getting wrecked
But I am the space cadet now, so I need to start taking these big boy missions
That makes a ton of sense daisy that's the logic
I was too dumb to consider
But now i'm a true believer
And this rocket will corrode their wiring with explosions
Please oh god, I'm forgetting how to just shoot it shoot them
Take this
I did not do much with that
Whoa, let's uh, let's orbitally strike over there
Oh
What it's so sneaky
Oh
Only fancy remains
I landed on this tall power and uh
Your body got pretty vaporized there
You were feeling it. I'm just gonna trust that fancies in the right spot
Who is liberty
Our best dancer in the club. Oh my god
I need a reload
I'm out of it. What am I out of Emma? Oh, no
I lived to 78
Oh, this is rough. These are nothing but big robots
Oh, yeah, liberty. Oh my god, sir. He was right there
We're just trying to kill you guys
Can you call us in
Oh, no, look at Ryan. We're perpetually surrounded by fire
This can't be hard part
I'm hit and beat. Okay. I just need to run probably immediately
Oh my god
Damn it. I didn't pick any of those up, but I wanted to give me whatever this is
I bravely ran away away
Okay
Yeah, yeah, that's smart strategy. I haven't learned that strategy yet
Oh, but he like oh wow killed by unknown. It was that thing with the flamethrower. I know who did it
Uh-oh
Oh no, fancy's all alone secretly he always was
Yeah, we got something out of that
I
Didn't work boys you really did you did all the work essentially
The work was just killing us for no reason we're exceedingly peaceful if you would just be chill. I swear
I hope you're proud of yourself you killed 20,000 my uncle so high
Robots are an uncle-based culture
We are all each other's uncles
Okay, well, man guys
Follow fancy rancin on twitch, maybe he'll stream at some point. Maybe someday I'll convince ryan to stream everyone's stream
Yeah
I need to get back into streaming. I haven't done it in like a month
I'm not your fucking cash cow case
I just want to play hell divers. Yeah, that's fair
How diverse is fun
Yeah, we'll come back. This this this is good. I've been looking forward to playing this with you bro. So I agree. We need to uh
We get our other our other associate on this. Yeah, we'll get our my friend brine to show up someday
Who's in the actual military?
Is his rank is 10 star general so he should be good
He's working his way to skull in real yeah
Uh till to liberty private
He's going back down to liberty private
All right. Well, I'll I'll see you guys soon
And thank you for okay. We'll see you
Oh, of course
Damn
What a time to be a diver be a cash cow
I could I would love a cash cow. I've never had a cash cow. What the fuck?
Oh my god
Here's another one of me. What's happening? I'll go ahead and raid you out of here
I popped up and then I eliminated case because he killed so many of my fellow robots for honestly
no damn reason
Oh, I'm the enemy
Do you need our whole solar system? Do you need the whole galaxy? What's going on here?
I'm not a c1000
I'm a robot with feelings
And a special beer module
How do you have a great night chat?
I forgive you for supporting the wholesale slaughter of my robo people
And as a show of good faith, I'll
raid someone
That's what you humans like is to raid
So I'll pay it forward and raid daddy rads
Which is the name I downloaded from the database
Hmm
radium v
He's rocking some tomb raider
So much raiding happening right now
Also, check out nomi pro
And thank you so much to uh daisy line 13 for the raid
I'll access my deep
Computer knowledge and give them a shout out
check out daisy line 13
and um
I can't believe you captured that panther and put it in here
Add your lotion
It's supposed to be over you that lotion is supposed to be over you jet
But now you're getting nice and lubed up
Because those robots are coming for revenge
The hell that there has returned
It has returned
I'm back enough of that robot
How dare he how dare he take over my stream. This is why we have to take them out
Okay, we'll enjoy some time with daddy rad. Thanks for hanging out with me on a random friday night
Robo case was playing I can do it too
God, he's right up on me. You know what just for the hell of it as you're going. See you later
See you later chat
Get ducked on
Just get ducked on chat. It's friday get ducked on
Okay, the raid has occurred so i'm gonna sign off uh i'll be back on monday
We'll see you