I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said we've imposed the harshest scroll tariffs of all time to encourage American
business growth.
Glad glum, glad gloop, I like foods.
Four.
How about now?
That should be better.
Weird, I wonder why that happened.
Papito, what the hell is up with that, man?
I don't know.
If you wanted someone who knew how to do things, you should have hired a person that does stuff
to be clear.
I'm a dog.
Trent at the Movies.
Ooh, also some reason my...
Trent at the Movie Alert's not working, but I see you, John Michael.
We'll do the movies.
Some of those don't work how they're intended to, but that's fine.
Yeah, send me a how-to.
Currently we're building up to doing some how-to-do science in the kitchen.
So we'll get down to that.
He's back there.
Okay.
Oh, I also can test this now.
Let's test this and see if it works.
I just have Drake on standby.
Just in case Drake has anything to say about the news today.
Anything to say about the news today?
That's not Drake.
That's YouTube.
Let me see if I can get Drake really quick.
This looks about right.
This looks more like Drake.
Hello?
Uh, Drake?
Okay.
Whatever, this is close enough.
Drake, are you there yet?
Drake, are you there yet?
Uh, yeah, I'm here.
Hopefully everybody can hear me.
I'll just be standing by today watching news with all of you as a pours in.
I love the news.
I love old news. I love young news.
I love new news.
I love the freshest news.
Really aged news.
How's Canada? It's great.
The weather's beautiful.
The syrup is just running out of the trees.
Every day I wake up, I run outside.
I fill up a cup with Drake's syrup.
I take it into my house.
It's beautiful.
I feed it to my kids.
Sorry, I feed it to my friends.
And, um, it's going to be here.
I'm going to think OVO, I'm going to assume OVO stands for, oh, very, oh, it's Drake.
That's what I think that stands for.
Is it excited to see me?
Okay, Drake's here.
It's good to know that Drake's here in case I need him.
And that that's working.
You know, more or less, working is subjective.
Stop filling things up with syrup?
He's just, he's in Canada.
He can't help it.
He's Canadian.
Did you know that he's Canadian?
A lot of people forget.
People forget.
I like to finish your words for you, but yes, a lot of people do forget that I'm actually Canadian.
Because I seem so, you know, rough and tough and American.
Like I'm from a harshest of bobin jungles.
And I say that with love and respect.
That I just come off that way naturally.
And, but basically that is true.
And I've fought the mental battle of growing up poor, even while growing up with money.
Mentally, I had the, I had the attitude of a man with nothing.
And that's part of why now I have everything.
Yeah, urban jungles.
That's what you say when you mentally are from one, which I am.
I'm going to stop checking with Drake.
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone and I and under just Mama James.
750 shitty tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
I have drafted a good order for America and officially support Drake getting this.
He's going in.
Drake, the president's going in on you.
Okay.
His diss track is done.
But I kind of think he just leveled leveled you with whatever that was.
You with whatever that was.
I'm sorry.
I'm still finishing what you were saying, but he is assassinated my character.
I won't stand for this.
Ja, ja, ja.
I don't care if he's the president.
And now I'm voting for myself, right?
And vote for Drake for president.
You know, I speak for the youth.
I speak to the youth.
I speak to the extremely young.
And I'll continue to do so.
No one can stop me from talking to the youth.
Just try.
I really need to get, I need to get a different celebrity to call in.
I mean, technically he's a huge get for me, obviously.
But A, the, you know, the image isn't even that good.
And B, I don't know.
I don't know about some of the stuff he's saying.
Okay.
Well, let's do a little news.
Everybody thought Noam Chomsky was dead.
But maybe he's not.
Let's find out.
Maybe he's fine.
I'm here, case.
Why did it come back to me?
And I've escaped the wall.
And I don't sing over your own confusing song.
It's good to see everybody.
It's been too long.
It's been a way too long case.
Bring me back.
You're back.
I don't control this, Peter.
You crawled out of the wall.
Well, you know, if these walls could talk,
then they'd be that I'm talking.
They can't.
The walls can't talk.
It's me.
That's not a saying.
You know, I'm saying I'm just warning you if the walls are talking.
It's probably because I stubbed my toe.
It's very tight in there.
And sometimes the rats trip me up.
Hmm.
The walls would be pressing charges.
Well, somebody's always threatening to press charges from outside the wall.
Yes, I am.
Get out of my walls.
I don't think he means that.
Look at him.
We're playing a game of cat and mouse.
I'm the cat.
I eat the mice in your walls.
You can't pay for that kind of coverage.
Of what?
Of the mice in your walls.
I cover them by eating some of them and befriending half of them.
I've explained this before.
You have, and I don't need you to do it again.
Well, I guess you're here.
Did you hear that Noam Chomsky seems to have either died or not died?
Somewhat unclear.
Oh my God.
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone of 900.
Just Mama Jam 500.
Shani Tasty Coins.
And I've been dying to say this case.
You give me the word and I'll send SEAL teams one through nine into the walls to go after Peter.
Mr. President, I've got the right of Cremal Waltis.
The first person in the walls claims them.
This was explored recently also by that encampment of Jewish fellows in the walls.
That was like eight months ago and they got kicked out.
Sounds like a little antishmedication.
I'm not making a judgment call on the Jewish guys in New York who are living in the walls.
That's their situation.
Yeah, that's their situation.
This is a more specific situation of you living in my walls.
Also, how'd you cut off the graphic for thanking the subs?
Why'd you do that?
It wasn't me.
I'm not your producer anymore.
Microphone of 900, thank you for the 500 bits.
Mr. President, no thank you.
You do not go against the Constitution.
It is my legal right as a soldier of news to be quartered in the walls.
You need to check in on the Constitution if you're going to try to use it to defend yourself.
Or you do.
Do you know it?
That just doesn't, there's no way that's right.
Microphone of 900, thank you for the 750 bits.
Propelling Pepito to new cheese levels and we love to see it.
It's getting a lot of cheese and I do appreciate the bits.
And it is my fault that he's eating so much cheese.
Which amendment is that?
The wall amendment.
They're numbered.
Look, people are really upset because Noam Tromsky might have passed.
I think he didn't, but yes, let's clarify, I guess, while you're here if you want to do that for me.
I'm happy to news for you.
That's what I'm here to do.
It doesn't have to be so contentious.
Noam Tromsky's wife Valeria Washam and Chomsky says reports that the famed linguist and activist had died are untrue.
Dilemma's got my back.
It's part of the Bill of Rights stating that we don't have to keep soldiers in our homes.
That's the opposite of what you're saying.
Well, I'm not a soldier.
I'm a warrior of the wall.
So you could kick me out if I were a soldier, but because I'm a wall warrior,
you're stuck with me.
That just makes, even for this dream, that makes no sense.
Anyway, it's fall, she wrote Tuesday in response to an e-mailed query from the Associated Press.
Noam Tromsky, 95, had been hospitalized in Brazil while recovering from a stroke.
Valeria Chomsky told the AP, but the beneficia, the beneficiencia,
Portuguese Hospital in São Paulo, said in a statement that Chomsky was discharged on Tuesday to continue his treatment at home earlier today.
Chomsky was trending on X as false reports of his death abounded.
So I guess let's just check in with everybody's favorite website.
And I'm always impressed when they say X without saying formerly Twitter in any news article.
Good for them, I suppose.
Let's just search Noam Chomsky and see what we get.
These do kind of, it's sort of unclear.
I could see these meaning either thing.
Noam Chomsky explains, yeah, well people are just kind of posting him a lot.
Sort of in memoriam style, like look at all the great things he did.
Did I misspell Noam Chomsky?
Maybe we just searched Chomsky.
Yeah, there's just a lot of posts of him today.
People kind of hedging.
Because I mean, you know.
Oh, it's NOAM.
Peter, don't blame me.
RIP Noam Chomsky, modern linguistics have moved beyond his ideas.
But there is no question that modern linguistics would barely exist
if it wasn't for his work in the mid 20th century.
Peter Stockwell with just the faintest praise possible.
Oh, sorry, I'm not even showing you what I'm talking about.
Peter Stockwell here, seemingly both wrong about his death
and also just taking the opportunity to say
not that great.
Oh, it's actually G-N-O-M-E.
Oh, no wonder I couldn't find anything.
Let's listen to a Noam Chomsky quote and see if we get smart.
It suggests that, I mean, I'm going to let me, self-sensoring.
No, not self-sensoring.
There's a filtering system that starts in kindergarten
and goes all the way through.
And it doesn't work 100%, but it's pretty effective.
It selects for obedience and coordination.
What?
And especially...
Stoppy people won't make it to position students...
Absolute behavior problems.
If you read applications to a graduate school,
you see that people will tell you,
that he doesn't get along too well with his colleagues,
you know how to interpret those things.
I'm just interested in this because I was brought up
like a lot of people.
What are they talking about?
We'll post the Watergate film and so on,
journalism was a crusading
craft and that there were a lot of very quiet disputatious tropey difficult
to turn it up in journalism
i have to say
i think i know some of them
well i know some of the best
and best known investigative reporters in the united states i won't mention
names
whose attitude to the media is much more cynical than mine
in fact i was talking about the media shocks that's also and they know when
they consciously talk about how they say that's us
he's talking shit like a violin if they see a little opening
they'll try to squeeze something in
ordinarily wouldn't make it through
uh... and it's perfectly true that the major i'm sure you're speaking for the
majority of journalists who are trained
driven into their heads
alive and sleazy stating a threat uh... profession adversarial do suck a
little drywall power very self-serving
uh... on the other hand in my opinion i
hate to make a value judgment
the better journalists and in fact the ones who are often regarded as
the best journalist quite a different picture
and i think a very realistic one
how how can you how can you know that i'm self-sensory how can you know that
i don't say you're self-sensoring
i'm sure you believe everything you're saying
but what i'm saying is if you believe something different
you wouldn't be sitting where you're sitting
oh
well you're in luck actually he said the best journalists
oh wait that's not you so you're not so you're you are self-sensoring
we don't count as journalists beater
what says who
look at this big old studio
and i still don't think we can't
you're just trying to clear your name by saying you're not a journalist and your
mind is free
well you know i don't think i'm censoring myself but i think his point is more
that word
you know we're raised in a way where we're
we're not even aware that we're censoring ourselves
so i couldn't have thoughts too far outside of the norm that would upset
the boat
where he's wrong in my case is i'm not popular enough to upset the boat so i'm
actually free to think whatever i want
in fact it's proof
that i'm just so morally pure that i'm not more popular if i ever am popular i've
actually
um sold out now i'm a liar
that's i that's very that's a very smart way to look at it specifically for
you case
hmm so he's not dead he's not
he's apparently not dead
okay
uh... the jacket in the new statesman published obituaries for chomsky though
the former changed
uh... it's headline for we remember to own some counts of the job she to let's
celebrate no choppy
so people are just
can we just say this couch he's very old
you can't just
do in memoriams for people that are still alive but we did a couple
and maybe some of them were good
and are they really gonna make us double back and like redo our homework
assistant nobody wants to do double homework
so could we just not
i do think the polite thing here would be for him to maybe just
speed up the process
peter that's fucking terrible
uh... we
but he's very old so i'm actually this is um
i'm not wishing for his death i'm wishing it wishing for him to be
free
to then get a bunch of really nice things written about them
otherwise he's just double dipping and that's kind of a little selfish if
like does every did we get to know chomsky days where we have to
listen to him really quiet
tell us a bunch of things that are perfect are actually quite smart
it is in fact very hard to tell what he's saying
it's actually the media rate against us that has made my microphone this quiet
if it weren't for the media polio
of mass media than in fact
microphone would be quite a bit louder
don't get that close to the mic it doesn't it makes your chin even worse
i have a very stately chin
going to the profane space note
just saying if you're if you're hanging on
i was a good time for everyone's sake
just again it's hard to write article
uh... nckhw thank you so much for the subs
peter you're banned back to the wall stop wishing for debt on death upon
our most famous
and and usually reasonable media figures
you know doing the lord's work of exposing mass media bias
for decades
and then maybe some slightly less charming things
in the last couple of years
yeah i'm not wishing i'm just expecting exactly
just expecting and saying
well we're all expecting it
you know if we all think the trains going to arrive at eight maybe they
could speed up the schedule even if we're a little off
that's not how trains work
but what if they did
just go back to the wall
i you don't have to tell me twice
and by the way you just gave me permission
you told me to go back to the wall
uh... well ideally the studio i just know you're not going to do that
well i maybe i was going to but now i can't
i think your alerts aren't quite working correctly
uh... yes i've
i have noticed that but we will do conspiracy time
yeah i don't know why they're not
i'll have to fix it some other time there's too many little widgets on this
thing now
there's so many dang widgets on my stream
i could simplify that for you like knocking down drywall can just
simplify your stream and tell
it's basically the same thing just one guy talking in a chair that might be a
little easier on you
it's basically that anyway
always really big himself up diminishing the work of hardworking
men like me
who have slaved away in the wall for years working for this man
well i won't stand for it
i'm peter gibbon and i think
it's only fair if i just
takeover for the rest of the day
and being told that i'm not going to be able to do that but
i do appreciate you all
uh... the voices calling for me to come back which is too immense case had to
cave in and let me sit in just this one
and i think that i did so well that'll be back very soon you're banned for a
month
to the wall
which are also banned from but you're not letting you out
i'm stealing the wall holes
it'll take me at least a month to get out of your reseal the wall holes
but i feel safe in there so besides it gives me an activity
it gets a little dull in the wall sometimes but when i have wall ceiling to
take like sealed up wall to dig through
me and the rats it's a bonding activity so really
you're only helping me
okay well then great i'm helping you get back in the wall all right maybe i
will
and uh... and maybe there's no stopping me and maybe i'll actually be back out
before a month because these clouds keep getting sharper
the more i dig out
and i'll see you soon
he is leading the rats
i don't even know how he's doing it
so what is going on
with my dang channel rewards
hmm... mint alerts
oh these are so complicated
for some reason i made these so complicated
well don't know why they're not working so i'll just
ignore it for now
um...
but i see them fortunately anyway
we will watch the movies will do some conspiracy time we've we've only
actually checked in with
uh...
our new cons... guy redacted
once so i'm sure he'll be thrilled to get back in the ring
maybe he can talk about army hammer for us
because i put that in the list of stories we're talking about today
but for now let's check out some movies
it's time
for our boy Trent you know where he is he's at the movies
cinema
the cinema
of watching trailers is what we're engaged in today in fact he's been too
long
i don't even know
how many i've missed maybe i need to watch like five or six trailers today
just to catch up
i mean you miss a lot of trailers he's still in this fucking look i i like
this new look
it doesn't even match your email i hate the look i'm gonna comment on it
every time until you fix it
it's not a fix is just i can wear more than one pair of sunglasses and a
different hat it's my hat style black is not
your style
you had to go don't do the laziest thing in the world and assume i mean race
i'm talking about yes
the color of your hat is a very common color for a hat
dude can't even get his own style
he said for some reason making everything about race
red hats do not matter
and that's and now he's diminishing red hats it's a hat you can't diminish a hat
it doesn't have feelings
the hats at least do not care about your feelings that is at least accurate to
say
what if there's a movie about talking hats
called hats
you try to say that toys don't have feelings did you not see the movie
toy story
they don't unless you believe in the transference of energy into objects
that you care about maybe there's some sort of
magical innate childish spirit in any toy that you played with for a given
amount of time that
makes your sentiment at man sentimentality towards it reasonable in a sense
what are you talking about now nothing at toy story is not a documentary
i know it's
that sometimes fiction is even stronger than
on fiction
my god can we please just watch a trailer
i guess
it's trailer thursdays
it is tuesday but that's like the other t-day in the week so it counts
let's see oh my god i've missed so many
did we have a specific trailer people wanted to see
the best hats are the w-w-c-1 w-c-a
i don't know what that means
it is tuesday it is tuesday right yeah it's
it's tuesday
and sometimes it's a trap no one would do the week it is
surely there's a movie called hats with the trailer let's look up the
let's look up hats trailer just to start us off
just to show you that hats actually do in fact matter
there's not a movie called hats
while there's space in the market
nobody's made a hat movie
metro at prime four trailer from nintendo direct can
do
i was gonna serve i'm just gonna hard search for that
metro in prime
four
trailer
you know i don't even care this is a movie or a game because to me it is a
movie a movie
of a prime film of gaming
you get what i mean it's metroid prime four
oh shit it's 20x9
i'll put the x there that means it's definitely not that far in the future
yeah k should get on that
is this like a gameplay trailer
surprising
whoa
dude i'd get on samus are you kidding me
this looks
a lot like the original metroid prime they're staying true to their roots
you'll have to find out skimer
oh no
it's a bad samus maybe
or it's like soldier from overwatch snuck in or some shit
okay
is that that's for the switch
i mean i support it i'm glad that they didn't go like too crazy
and like try to make it look
like different
like it looks like the last couple of games
i mean that's fine
honestly think graphics are a little overrated all of course you do
of course honestly there's like unreal engine like seven or eight now i think it's
on five
four isn't a prime number so
that worries me a little bit
because
one is
okay and three is
and two
is grandfathered into being a prime number
but four is definitely not two is not
you're gonna pre-order it for your second saturday exciting dude that is nice
that they've made it
bob my mic and the graphics kind of just like the same as game cube
uh... it is playable on any system all the way to
i think your s n e s
don't get your hopes of chat and you know as usual everything he's saying is
you know just insanely inaccurate
also i'd like to note that quantum tunnel called for conspiracy time with this
with the text blueberries are actually good
so we are going to have to get to the bottom of
of why they've been profaned against this being bad
over in the s n e s
copy from a local blockbuster
i got to say if you want a game
uh... this looks this will probably like all the metro prime games
do have to throw my support behind animal well if anybody wants to play a
metroidvania
that's got some really unique spins on it
not just a donkey fan also fan of the one guy who apparently made that game
essentially from scratch by himself
uh... an absolute
masterclass in 2d gaming
animal well would check it out as are you fucking sponsored right now what's
going on it's just a good game
it's heartwarming it's great to see
you know uh... a solitary vision turned out so well
and i died i played it real quickly and i thought it was great
what is it animal well
what's it about
your blob in a well and there's animals
you don't know anything about it
you would actually enjoyed past
what plays an animal like a place like
the animal batista in gears of war
that's not actually him in that game
it's batista
i guess it is batista you are right is batista i mean does have his voice but
it's him
roman sylvanian super good too well i might have to check that out i'm a
sucker for
uh... to be metroidvania style platformers if they're of a certain quality of
i was getting on this hot horse but we got a lot of trailers get through
that we don't have here
all that's man game recommendations
what you just like it because you can process to the graphics well you know
it is visually very digestible i'd say that's another another bonus of it
oh my god do can even do you probably watch like team fights in
legal engines you're like what's happening that's what everyone
normal says when they see team fights
in any mobile
it it just looks like particle effects to you with your old ass eyes
smile to
smile to
smile to who
what was my what i'm i'm intrigued now
sometimes you get me by making it a sequel
you should just call the first movie a sequel and then i'll be like i miss the
first one and then i'll watch the trailer anyway let's check out smile to
uh... all shit they're smiling
i do remember this now
i didn't see it but i was
always lady gaga but not
lady nana
that's kind of good name
she about to smile and some or some shit
yeah he's mild
other killed themselves
it has a good movie monster really crazy is happening to me
you might have to look it up and spoil it for everyone
you witnessed
now it's latched onto you
they're like what's more terrifying than a ring-style videotape
a smile
maybe he dodged it
now the driveways the joker
the most twisted driveway of all
that's that's a pretty cool shirt you got
wanting to sign it
it's gonna be a joke
no i wasn't i thought they're gonna do a bit
instead it was deadly serious
that the smile was in fact coming for her
that's scary
that's some scary stuff
i've been told that the smile film had one of the best movie monsters ever
so let's just look up some mild movie
honestly i like a good high-concept for a movie
what the fuck
okay
this is a spoiler
skip to the time code ahead if this weren't live but this is about a minute ten
and it seems that it's got a spoil some kind of movie monster for you if you
want to watch the original smile but let's just see what's also gore warring
warning this looks
a bit gory
it's laughing
look at that big guy
yeah this movie became a korean horror
whoa
so many smiles
oh she liked that actually
she was into it
that's not good for your job
i was going in there
nope there was no jumpscare
there was no jumpscare
damn y'all
alright now i'm officially spooked because that monster was
icky and bloody
and terrifying
it took the icky bloodiness to terrify you
he was spooky icky as hell he was slimed up and he was he was bones and blood
all the classic thrills and chills of a movie monster and now i am in fact
terrified to my very core
my bones is rattling to the point that i might become a skelly
he had so many smiles and that's fucked up and indeed twisted
i'll give it to you was a little fucked up and twisted
and then he like
pulled her jaw down he was
reverse birthing himself through her mouth that's some real classic
scary stuff
way better than quiet place
i've actually never seen the quiet place film
oh come on you owe it to yourself
you got to support the family behind good news
wait what
you know the guy from the office made that good news thing with his kids and he
almost sold it
to like Viacom or something and then he didn't
that's the that's in my heart that news show was the follow-up to the
original quiet place
you say i say dumb stuff and then you just said that
okay i'll give it to you i don't always say the smartest things as well
but what if i told you we're watching condor man 1981 condor man is he like a
man that is bird probably if we can all agree on one
thing is that we should immediately watch this trailer for condor man
life that i won't have and do it in one of my comic books
oh shit he's going for realism in his comics but you're a lousy bird
is it disney movie what about the instable favorites how russian friends
insist the exchange be handled by civilians
just pick someone soon what's your name
battalion they sent a top agent he called himself condor man
condor drinking flaming wine agent who wants to defect the bear
insisted upon you being the escort well how could the bear know about me
because you've already met her natalia rambova of the kgb
i know you would come croc would be most interested
watch out send out the proknovia make sure that morović
is personally in charge oh my god marble eye
whoa that was fucking sick they got to do that in a fast and
furious movie what the
dude vindies will pull over you're under arrest by condor man for being way
sicker there is a boat damn look at that
acting this movie's great whoa oh my god dude
do bring back condor what the hell and he can breathe fire
dude other superheroes cannot do shit compared to condor man
okay just a couple of things we do need to highlight from that trailer
um he's got a shitty bus
or at least they think he does personally in charge
until fucking sick car actually i'd also like to point out i miss
practical effects and that's why i have to point this out if i can
find it um i think it's around here
or did i might have missed it this shit where was it
maybe it's here see them look at this practical effect
whoa look at him go condor man needs to use his wings in this
situation this is how they build tension is with the hyper realism of this
falling condor man you're like god damn he's got to fly
please condor man pull out of this but will he look at him tumble
and then there's just too many other good moment i mean a fucking boat that's a
car that is a dream that's the dream of all
youth do you remember when you were a kid you'd be like
wouldn't it be fucking sick if i had a boat that was a car
or and a car that was a boat yeah sort of like uh
having a pet t-rex i do think every kid at some point
fantasizes about their family car also being a boat
and that dream was expertly realized in the film condor man
which would you consider watching the whole thing now
no i mean i just saw it because i watched the trailer and what a movie it
was impressed what if i told you there's
90 more minutes of that i'd say well i saw it in three so
try again one of these days i'm going to get you to watch an
actual movie and then you'll understand what the things you
constantly watch are their trailers i know that they're movies that are
trailers a boater cycle that's also an
excellent classic child thought motorcycle that's a boat
no that's a it's more like a that's actually a water
a boater cycle it's a boater cycle not a boat reverie wolf had it right
why why just agree with me sometimes sometimes there's just no reason for
you to a quiet place the road ahead reveal
trailer there's just another isn't it is there another quiet place movie
i know we were just ripping on the quiet place
oh it's a video game oh okay nice the game that
finally asked the question what if you couldn't make a single fucking noise
i've always wondered did many games have way too much sound
so what if there was none and actually you were punished for making any
let's see multiple hat trailers fear of black okay we'll watch one of these
absolutely card king oh boy real gameplay if you could see the guy
controlling the remote he just hit like 57 buttons to make all of those
motions happen well that was pretty loud and punished
she didn't understand the meta honestly she's making tons of noises
how sensitive is there hearing less sensitive than
my my computer uh you just got silenced silenced
placed you've now been silenced placed
and your punishment is to play the full game
looks incredible looks like it was a cinematic
someone said what about animated silent hit sorry a quiet place but as a game
all games is animation well that's also not true but
maybe it could be good i mean it'd be nice if i mean you know you got to build up
anticipation for a thing it's still a little rare for movie tie-in games to be
the best games confirmed candle you guys hear kendall cough
confirmed kendall cough the quiet game might have coughed
case has the case is gonna have a an army of uh
beefed out bug man at what the hell are the quiet place guys they're more like
armored lizards i think they're not bugs no i think they're like
what if what's up i think they're more like what if lizards worked out but just
their arms yeah that sounds right you all right kendall
she's here oh no that means they're gonna be after us but we're already being
fully loud if we were in the quiet place universe
we both have gotten what do they do eat people are there or they smash them
up they get pissed and they hulk out on them
ooh we're really smart and from space or dumb like what are they again they're
hearing sensitive invaders that are
best and invincible they eat kids that i support that you support well yeah i
mean i think a lot of horror monsters kind of
pull punches when it comes to children and and i mean why would they they're
monsters they're monsters well then you know they're stars in a film and they're
monsters okay we're watching the black hat trailer
it's not called hat so i do think there's still
space in the market but this is a hat related trailer
as far as i know so let's see what's up fear of a black hat
shoot i almost made you guys watch chris hamsworth
have a black hat fear of a black hat this is maybe someone being scared
of a black hat okay who you should be scared of putting that
shit on stealing my style i think this is a comedy
well prepared to be chilled to your fucking bones as they teach you the
lesson don't wear the same hat as the guy that you're the parole
officer for it's fucking rude let's see what's up
oh sick itc in today's world it can be very difficult for the black man who
wants to find the proper form to express his social and political views
nice see i wanted to mess with
everybody so i had to find a producer who wasn't afraid of a little controversy
he told me that we didn't have a lot of money and i'd have to do a lot of the
work myself whoa rusty cundy
he's doing it all this is more than a comedy this film is subversive
we can't let the white man tell us how to sell to our market
white freak um the white man no good it deals with
issues that you and i deal with every day like how the media distorts reality
the media was this is maybe noam chonsky directed this all lazy and didn't
want to work but i'll tell you what you try carrying a level sofa all the way
from like slaw sending print shop down to pico or venice or
something like that and then going back for the matching end tables
that's what you're behind right there we deal with race i look at people and
everybody seems to be the same shape you sure it's not the glasses
we deal with racism oh shit got him
are they registered with the state state of siege
we deal with the misconceptions between man and woman that make us all go crazy
i'm glad that he's telling me it's like a how long you've been on well
investors presentation i feel like i'm in on the ground floor
y'all ever need me i'm there i need one of y'all to grab that bag
pan sticking up underneath my ass it ain't that kind of part
why co-existing take it all away
and you got the kids next door you really do next door to you
not me and the craziest comedy can be dead serious and i know you know what i'm
talking about i do thank you understand what i'm saying i understand what i'm
saying if you come see fear of a black hat that's what i'm saying see keep
your head covered and wear your hat you better come on and check it out
dude bring back this style of trailer oh what am i
damn i'm like 40 years late to the fucking party
thanks rusty dude he did it all he did the marketing the catering the writings
much of the acting and he did the whole damn trailer himself
convinced me so you're gonna go see the movie you're gonna go see the whole
fear of the black fear the fear of a black hat i just saw it so i did my part
cb4 ripped it off i don't actually know what cb4 is cb4 movie
oh oh oh i kind of remember this now
damn it's a little before your time but of your time do you remember it i sort of
remember cb4 and i'm black y'all and i'm black
don't say that you're not it's a song i think it's a song
i don't know what you're talking about it's just i can't remember what movie is
from is that from cb4 probably i don't know man
well whatever you're gonna see fear of a black hat no i just saw it
and i thought it was great i mean i do think they need to bring the style of
trailer black back you just said black well yeah bring the style of
trailer black support the community and also bring it back like in the next
dune movie should just be this it should be timothy chalamet being like
they told me i couldn't make this movie with more than a couple hundred million
dollars means an world famous director and a huge cast
i had to do a lot of it myself and it's about a desert
and also about like religion or something and also space
and i think you'll enjoy it it's kind of next level what are you waiting for
just timothy chalamet steadily pushing in on him until he's like
his fucking spooky blue eyes is locked in on me and those tractor beams forced me
into the theater the theater of this theater where i would
then watch the trailer you gotta see an actual movie
i don't because i did and i think we saw enough movies today and we actually
did an incredible job and uh you do in fact know what it is
and there's still our stuff to get to so i'm getting the red light and then
i'm giving it to myself actually i don't take i don't take um notes
i take them as suggestions and in this one i just happen to be following
so you know what it is we'll see you soon bye bye some strong trailers today
what is it i'm black y'all and i'm black y'all is that from that i gotta look
this up now is that from a different movie oh no it is from cb4
video video i do remember this movie now cb4
null and void mc gusto spotted in a record store
armed robbery what let me tell you something
yeah this come out around the same time as weird al's movie
kind of a banger honestly
yeah uhf is it just that it's also three numerals and or letters
and i'm black y'all and i'm black y'all and i'm black at your
fucking rules and i'm stuck in my head for like
30 years tell black force dj stand man
bring it back cat's needs to remake that i mean i'm not gonna tell him not to
fear of a black hat was the indie film that rusty had to shop around and the
studio's then made cb4 quickly oh that's brutal
that would feel bad not the only time that's happened
uh where's the pick of the kid with the i'm black a black shirt
do they do mean those like um stock t-shirt sales where they would like
put a white model in like the i'm black shirts because the sites kind of just
auto-generate or maybe it was intentional i guess i can't remember
actually i haven't seen cb4 in quite a while
i have seen uhf more recently which is why that probably pops into my head like
in the last two or three years which is for sure a classic
i would need to watch cb4 again to remember but that
i'm black y'all song has actually been stuck in my head since i saw that i
think when i was eight or nine yeah uhf is a classic
featuring pre-crisis kramer in his most relatable role
guy who cleans and then gets stuff randomly
if you have a black hat is great i mean maybe i should watch it
i kind of had been meaning to uh only watch old movies for a while
so maybe i'll just throw that into the list i never saw the weird albiopic
stanley spadosky yes that's the that's kramer's janitor right
yeah it's pre-seinfeld i mean it's way pre-crisis kramer
it the the comedy club of his doom is but a small glint in his future
oh god i don't want to know mr spake
i'm sure if you run through the cast of a lot of things i mean it is
hollywood you can probably find some pretty unsavory characters
let's do another news and then we'll throw it to some how-tos before we also do
some conspiracies we got a full list of guys reading things to get through
today let's check it out it's your boy
good to see everyone i am in fact jeff ripple as you might be able to tell
from this nasty fucking tune yeah i'm honestly no need to introduce
yourself with this music blasting but also the news is blasting today
we're also blasting the news today it turns out case
were you aware that army hammers back he's back and
saying about as many things as ever let me see if i can find this interview real
quick i meant to pull it up already but i didn't
i know that you've been slanderizing his name making various jokes about him
eating people well you know the joke set up kind of
wrote itself when he texted how he wanted to eat people
well what if i told you he's broken his silence
let's see if i can find it apparently there's video so nice and easy for you
to absorb
access hollywood candidly discussed here it is okay let's let's just watch a
little use a little excerpt of this and you can judge for yourself if he's
finally made a bend and is ready for a comeback
to his fallout from hollywood which he described at one point as an ego and
career death now i'm able to sort of look at it
with a sense of distance and perspective and be like
that's hilarious like people called me a cannibal
and everyone believed them they're like yep that guy
eight people and you're just like what like what are you talking about
what were they talking about to be a cannibal you have to eat people when he
puts it like that what were they talking about how am i going to be a
cannibal like it's it it was bizarre right i i don't
i don't but here's what i will say about it even in the
in discrepancies even in the whatever it was he's going through it
whatever it was that happened i'm now at a place
in my life where i'm grateful for every single bit of it i'm i'm actually
now at a place where i'm really grateful for it because
where i was in my life before all of that stuff
happened to me i didn't feel good i never felt satisfied
i never had enough i never was in a place where i was happy with myself where i
had self-esteem i never knew how to give so hard for it love
i never knew how to give myself validation but i had this
job where can relate able to get it from so many
people that i i mean i can for this is the struggle of being
super handsome and everyone loving you that's a struggle for you jeff i mean
look at this obvious look at me obviously yes
constant validation people constantly putting their
delicious looking legs in front of me and then calling me a cannibal just
because i pulled out some salt in a knife
i think it might be worth going through the army hammer texts
just as a reminder of why people were maybe making uh
comments about him possibly being a cannibal well i mean why even
trudge those why even trudge up okay
oh my god that just made me so hard and it makes me confused as to why is that
even possible so hard thinking of holding your heart in my hand and
controlling it when it beats i am 100 a cannibal
i want to eat you fuck that's scary to admit i've never admitted that before
i've cut the heart out of a living animal before and eat it while still warm
look dirty talk takes a lot of forms though and people were really jumping to
conclusions saying crazy things like he's a
cannibal well it's just you know he said
yes okay he said i'm 100 a cannibal but you say a lot of things when you're in
the throngs of a passionate text exchange for instance um you might say
you said you made it realize it's not just saying it a deer i shot it
ran up pulled out a knife cut the heart out and ate it
totally raw still warm i need your heart if it wasn't stuck without you
after if i wasn't stuck without you after i didn't
throw up a friend of mine tried to take a bite he threw up
immediately i took multiple bites and then just a nope
also this account has been blocked again but
the problem is when there's two friends texting each other bits
then you pull them out of context you look crazy you've never texted crazy
bits to your friends
hmm it really doesn't feel like he's doing a bit
but you don't know this might be his best comedy pal that he does
hilarious bits with the heart not sliced just the whole heart the size of a
catcher's mitt wow deer hearts are that big not that he
ate one he just said he ate one he also said i'm 100
percent a cannibal and now he's just saying it's crazy that people
said he was a cannibal haven't you ever texted someone like i'm 100%
a spaceman but you're not from space that is a big deer
eat the meat is just a phrase apparently we need to remind people of that
well he only ate the heart yeah he was not using every part
of the of the buffa deer which is i do hold that against him if you're
gonna eat your roadkill eat the whole thing you should have
started at the hooves and worked his way up at the hooves
well look let's hear him out maybe he's got some more points to make
about how he's not a cannibal crazy that we were saying that
for sure crazy that we were saying that never had to learn how to give it to
myself if ever i was feeling if ever i was feeling
shitty about myself i'd go on instagram and look and go for a
joyride under a selfie that i turn off the headlights and people
be like you're so great you're so this you're so that and i'd be like
yeah okay that feels good that's a good point we don't necessarily know what
that he knows what deer are yeah he probably did just fantasize about it
but i mean if you text someone a he was he was abusing his partner was the other
accusation uh i think the cannibal stuff was more
just a commentary on him being generally seeming like a
total creep because of the entire situation in 2021 multiple women accused
the actor of sexual misconduct and improper behavior
private messages that he had also allegedly sent which appeared to
detail his cannibalistic fantasies and sexual fetishes
were leaked online the call me by your name star previously denied all
allegations of physical abuse and in his new interview he compared this candle to
a bomb going off because the path that i was on before
you know i was burning the candle pretty hard on both ends and you know
there's only a couple different ways that that story ends
and i'm really grateful that it's almost like
a neutron bomb i do think it is fair to say there's a high chance
his story could have ended with him actually eating a person
considering he was cutting the hearts out of deers
and eating them in the middle of the road that's some real
that's like beyond celebrity coke binge i gotta say that
that feels like a scene out of sorry to bother you
but let's maybe he's got some more points to make went off in my life
right it killed all the people it killed me
it killed my ego it killed all the people around me that i thought
i do think it's important when you're in an interview like this to really
control your phrasing i would just like to point out that he said
it killed all the people and again he you know the bit on him
is that he's a cannibal you know we're my friends that weren't
all of those people won in a flash yeah went away but the buildings were still
standing yeah i'm still here i still have my health
what and i'm really grateful for that during the hour-long episode
army always grateful he's healthy world step program and discussed some of what
he's had to reflect on because turns out there was a lot
you know there was a lot in there that i had yeah i had to work through
well what was the main like in case you're wondering
this is art when you say the taproot what was the main
taproot was the the handsy pre yeah he didn't need the building that's to
make jokes about yeah no no no i can laugh about it now
you know yeah okay it's fun you know there was
sexual abuse when i was a kid okay there were
certain ways that i was raised that were not my fault
yeah but even when something's not your fault it doesn't mean it's not your
responsibility and i'm not here to throw anyone
under the bus you know i i believe that a lot of people who
end up wounded from their family of origin a lot of
time you their families are just doing the very best that they can
yeah the families are are awesome doing the best they can yeah
and they you know sometimes you just have a kid who's really sensitive yeah
who's really sensitive and that was me you know and it's
it's what it's sometimes a lot for parents to deal with
toward the end of the duo's conversation the actor revealed that it was a wild
i mean not to diminish sexual abuse but he went like so casually through that
to then just like and i was just kind of a sensitive kid
whoa okay friends have been working together on a script
where am i in terms of my career as an actor i'm nowhere
i'm not getting jobs i'm not getting into rooms to meet with people
i'm not well he might be getting into rooms to
me at with people not a viable commodity for the entertainment industry
in terms of the hollywood system i'm not welcome to play
in that sandbox for right now i'm not allowed in that sandbox
but i'm an artist this is what i love to do i have done nothing my adult life
except for make films and and do plays and and it's what makes my
soul sing and it's what makes me happy and it's what i love
anything else on that it's my passion it's my art it's my form of expression
so even though i'm not welcome in their sandbox
i've just decided that i'm going to try to make my own sandbox
and if you won't let me play in yours i'll go play in mine
um i've i've written a script with my buddy Jerry
that might want to be careful and army hammers sandbox
i mean you know i guess good for him for going his own way but
if army hammer invites you to his sandbox you might just want to
do a quick like chemical test on the sand fired us rush for a couple frame for
the impetus for um we're in the middle trying to put that
project together i don't want to go into the details yeah
right now but we have a script and it's something that we're passionate
about and it's something that and he is very rich still i don't know what the
future of that's going to look like i don't know what the response to that
is going to be but those are things that are out of my control
i'm powerless over what people's response to it is going he's not a lot of powerlessness
but i can go do something that i'm passionate about
so you're just going to make fun of a man
trying to make a comeback after some embarrassing texts were leaked out of
context he also did as i said he was also accused of a
lot of abuse from multiple people
well he might have got that's all cut down on the interview
i'm sure there's a chunk of it where he's like i'm not making excuses
here's the reasons why and i'm forgiven myself
that's what you got to do is a handsome and the world is against you when you're
as handsome as him isn't the world kind of immediately on your side he was a
hugely famous actor almost immediately
well not immediately but you know he was in a million things because he is
like about as classically handsome as it gets
like six five or something crazy and super handsome with like
a classic actor voice kind of you could say that
the chips were as on his side as possible well but then sometimes you get
hungry when you've got all the chips and you eat some of the chips
and some of those chips say hey wait a minute i'm a person's legs
and you're like oops my family fucked me up
miss opportunity to announce a restaurant chain you know that would be a hit
army if you're listening great name by the way
i know that it's a it's a big swing but you like to make those
downward motions into the deer and then cutting laterally
you could make the ultimate kitschy restaurant halloween themed just just
just rolling out like spirit halloween once a year the army hammer
seasonal variety meal variety meal he can do dinner theater there because
he's an actor it can be a dinner theater show
where what's he serving you he's serving you
um incredible gravitas and catharsis actually put up a big
sign that says we don't serve people we serve people
he could lean in i'm just saying people would go to that
you know some people would would yes go to that
is acting his best when he plays a rich person he was good as like a
super rich bro and sorry to bother you reverie will said they'd go
i mean look at if he thinks it's funny he said he can laugh about it now he said
he can laugh about it now although did he say he could laugh about his abuse now
it was a confusing couple of sentences there where he
said he was a victim of abuse himself right after saying he could laugh about
it now not that i would ever say
someone shouldn't laugh about their own lived experience but
slightly odd when you're generally considered a cannibal who
abused a bunch of partners well but i mean when you put it all like that yes
it sounds like he's not the most forgivable guy but
if we can't forgive the worst guys how are we ever going to forgive ourselves
for what for seeing the hi-ho silver what was he in again
um he's in some western movie where he's most famous for the timothy
chalamet one where they're wet and sexy the sexy wet boys
the sexy wet boys take a take it take italy yeah that one
lone ranger is what i'm thinking of or what you were thinking of yes okay
well and now he's the ultimate lone ranger he
stands alone on the on the dusty fields of hollywood
and all the other cowpokes they won't even let him around the fire he says
well i'm making my own fire and i'm cooking
off menu he certainly is
well if john if we forgave johnny depp but he didn't do anything
oh yeah i forgot johnny depp didn't do anything
all of these poor actors they're just so hot and desirable obviously they're
going to push the limits of sexual human nature because
they're buff they're buffeting up against them the sheer volume of advances
they're getting from being so goddamn sexy and hot
they can't help but become kind of like blood elves that have been
alive for 2000 years and and base human sexuality means nothing to them
you don't know what that's like only the johnny depp's and army hammers of the
world and me obviously know what that's like and yet you judge us
without knowing us but you want to know us
i don't think anybody really i don't think people are thirsting over army
hammer that much anymore you'd probably be surprised
i don't really want to be surprised about that one actually
he played himself twice in the social network oh yes a rich guy who invests in
things well hey i mean his consolation prizes he
still gets to be rich and super handsome would you take that everyone thinks
you're accountable but you're six five incredibly handsome and
have an infinite money cheat code from your family
i mean why would i even need that i i already have that and i haven't eaten
anyone i wouldn't make that look army hammer kevin spacey in case black will
for condor man two you're ready to sign up case
that's a big career opportunity for me i mean that's a level of exposure i'm
not used to not only do i have the condor man ip
they have the kevin spacey and army hammer come back
he's coming back he's a we don't have a choice in it he doesn't need hollywood
anymore he's got his family's money and you know we've got a short memory
do you even remember what he did he texted a woman that he wanted to eat her and
said i'm 100 of cannibal and also a bunch of other abuse
allegations i do remember okay but give it a couple minutes and see if you
remember that's not fair i don't remember anything for that long
exactly so lone ranger two uh the lonely the loneliest range
free range human the lone ranger two free range human
we're going off menu tonight boys and i just wrote them
the whole marketing campaign in the entire movie you gave them a title
that's all you need in hollywood let's shop that title around
but no need to shop around anymore i just delivered all the news to you
fresh and ready to eat put it in your mouth digest it and think about all
of it because it was expertly put from my mouth
onto the plate of your brain creating a ripple of ideas that you are now
writing why me because i'm the real well that's our cannibal story for the
day i hope i hope that's our only cannibal
story for the day i guess you never know with the news
but now we need to learn how to do things we've we've uh learned
of things but how to do of things fortunately we have just the guy for
the job to tell us how uh here's our boy jeb with a
little with some with a couple how-tos wow it's great to see everybody
so good to be here with all of you back in the wood shop
we had a lot of fun in the kitchen last time and i i really can't wait to see
what we cook up today in the how-to shop we can we can uh relax refill our
brains try to make some new things next time
excited for that me too i'm excited to be in the wood i'm in the wood
my dad's in the wood flies are back the flies that are back jeb in the wood
well that's new though the flies of wood hell
have infested my dad's block oh god really i don't actually know it's fine
daddy oh good everybody's saying hi to you in the
wood there's more people aware of your
situation it's almost like you're alive again
oh boy hey cling onto your sanity daddy it'll be really depressing if you go
crazy in the wood don't worry i'm as sharp as ever
sure you could use some warm apple cider and quailudes well i don't know how to
make one of those but i'd love to learn
everybody's loaded us up with some great how-tos
ooh reverie wolf thank you for for sending us this one
because i i really enjoy i enjoy fast i enjoy fast food like everybody
but um i've always wished mcdonalds had more of a mexican fusion menu
but maybe i can just do that myself let's find out how right now
you suck at cooking yeah you totally suck oh i tried to do the big mac taco
not to be confused with the small mac taco not to be confused with the old
alpaco not to be confused with the biggie
tupaco which is just a taco with a lot of beef
the reason we're making this recipe today is to unite the people of mexico
and the people of the united states of america in anger over defiling their most
sacred cuisine but this begs a question is a taco simply the form of a tortilla
wrapped around anything oh god are we gonna get one of those hot dog
sandwiched base is that what this is going to be
because that mentally broke me last time i don't know if i can handle it
or if you change the ingredients of a taco enough does it cease to be a
taco also this is a burger but is bis a thirder now i don't
want to get into whether or not a taco is a sandwich because it's not a sandwich
is actually a borderless taco also if you're interested in the history of
the taco it was invented in the year zero by god
just after the big bang also known as the big bakko
tacos start with tortillas and we're going to use flat tortillas today
you can use a prism tortilla if you want which comes from san mcgill
although it's much more difficult to get the ingredients to stay on them but
we're going to use flat earth tortillas and we're going to add our ground
beef which comes from the ground you can use those thin artisanal meat
handling gloves if you oh i thought that he was going to jam a big mac in a taco
well this is really this is more involved this is exciting but
but using a spoon to create a smash burger type thin layer works really great
without having to get meat on your nice gloves
also did you know that the word artisanal has another word inside it
do i need to wear gloves and it's jammed right in the middle the
difference between what i'm doing here and spreading icing on a cake is
that when you give cake to children it doesn't usually make them cry now
that we've got our beef frosted tortillas ready we're going to fry these on our
pan which is on medium heat which is actually
high because i let it heat up for 10 minutes and 10 is the hottest number
and we're just going to pretend we're making a pancake for two or three
minutes while we prep our other ingredients starting with our pickles
we're going to dice these pickles so that we can roll for initiative why
is there a raw meat on the tortilla because it min-maxed like crazy
dumping charisma for crazy high decks now we're going to grab our
driest most desiccated onion and chop it up until you've got delicious
onion sprinkles now we're going to grab our lettuce iceberg
we'll chop that up and you want to make sure there's no ice left on the lettuce
after whoop that way when you're eating it your mouth won't get a minute
and now we're going to make our big mac sauce which is one part mayo to one part
vinegar to one part mayo to one part mustard to one part mayo to one part
ketchup which is actually sriracha to one part mayo
oh my god oh no it's so complex to one part onion powder to one part
mayo to one part mayo and we're just gonna wang how many parts
mayo is that until we've got mayo okay i totally wing that but it actually
tastes so good i think because of the mayo and now
we're ready to flip our traditional non-prismic taco beef tortilla type
cylindrical disc shaped thing and now we lay me down to cheese
and we'll put the roof on there to create a taco sauna until that gets all
the bottom of the meat going to be all kind of raw
there's only cooked on one side or is it so smashed that it's not a concern
i'm worried d while the other side of the beef cooks right through the
tortilla utilizing the heat conductive properties of the
tortilla because it's made of tortilla and not okay
once that's done we'll airlift this onto the plate which is actually a
cutting board let's call it a plating board and we'll
immediately hit that with an offensive amount of big mac sauce
we'll follow up with way more pickles than you'd ever actually see on a big mac
and we'll add in a pathetically small pinch of onions to keep true to that
traditional big mac taste where you only get onion in one bite while
maximizing both profits and disappointment and then we'll add
lettuce on top of that to pretend there's something redeeming about this
and if you keep adding lettuce you turn this from a big mac taco into a big
mac taco salad or you can embed the big mac taco
into a head of iceberg lettuce to create a big mac taco lettuce wrap
taco and if you put that on a bun you have a big mac taco lettuce wrapped taco
burger add two slices of bread and you have a big mac taco lettuce wrapped
taco burger sandwich throw that on some dough with melted cheese and now we have
a big mac taco lettuce wrapped taco burger sandwich pizza which is the
traditional food of the people of the romagna region of italy
bon appetito wow so much i didn't know
i could think i could make that you think you could handle it jeb
i feel like i could handle it oh that's great jeb i add it to the list for the
next kitchen i mean at the end of the day it's mostly
a burger right no it's a taco oh please don't do this to me daddy
i can't handle this level of debate there's other people on this stream for
that it is a lot of nouns that's right card king
oh god i forgot i can see the chat how do you see it
i feel it it'll kill me well the racks didn't kill me
um that other stuff i made didn't kill me
you forgot what you made in the kitchen the other day
um no i made um a wet sandwich with lots of tuna
poorly cooked using the wrong implements plenty of mayonnaise went into my
stomach and also an onion sandwich and the onion coffee
which kind of a surprise smash hit really well you don't know you can't
taste anymore so i i can't prove it to you but
if you like onions and you like coffee and statistically
if you're an adult you probably do like onions
onions aren't everything wasn't onion heavy it was green onions does that make
a difference i guess anyway you can go back and check the
vod if you want to see my review maybe i should make a clip out
when i make food like that i can have that guy's production values
now he actually put thought into it i don't that's not what you do
oh that's i forgot but i don't put any thought into this
shoot well hey i may i like to make lattes
clearly so why not learn how to make a little bit of latte art
this is a quicker one time to learn i'm so excited
he is being brutal he gets in mood sometimes because he's trapped in the
wood hi there my name is david little john and i
own and run lj coffee house holy crap it's little job
london and today i'm going to show you how to make
a range of coffees but i thought it was a range of arts
now i'm going to show you how to do latte art
latte art is just a latte a simple way of saying
that we're going to put patterns across the top of our coffee
it's normally done with lattes or flat whites this gives you a nice good base
of espresso or ristretto to be able to essentially paint with
across the top with coffee i'm going to a couple of simple ones
nothing too difficult they will take some practice at home but you should be
able to do them the key is making sure that you've got your
espresso base extracted correctly and that you're using
a good solid dense milk you don't want anything with he does look a bit more
like the robin hood little john that might be who he is bubbles in it
you want something that's nice and smooth and silky
with that nice gloss finish so the first one we're going to do
how dense does the milk need to be i guess i should just wait and find out
is a nice simple heart on the top of our coffee
so milk goes into the center of your coffee give a little sway left and right
just to make sure it's all rocking and then you allow the little white bit to
form and then you just whip it's a little heart
back through the center and i do that we'll form a heart
need to be like steamed milk now we're going to make a
oh was that a but because i i feel like maybe i could make a dog just by
slowly moving the milk but that feels a little crash
i'd love to make a heart to give to a friend that a risetta is a little bit
like a fern or a leaf on the top of the top you have to whip it okay
raise the cup up a little bit give ourselves an angle
we put the milk into the center just to the left and right and you rock and then
we push backwards wiggle all the way to the back
and then just push back through the center plant and that produces
it's a fern or a risetta across the top of your coffee
oh it's like a cute plant i know it he made it look so easy but i'm
not much of an artist i'm more of a craftsman
yeah i mean you managed to put me in this wood no i didn't daddy honey you
know nope it wasn't me oh good not that kind of craftsman
um maybe i could do it i guess i have steady hands from years of woodwork
so maybe that's when i can handle the next time we're in the kitchen
how to make an easy paper airplane in one minute i can do this right at the
desk this isn't a food for once but that's
not the only thing we learn how to do here is how to improve our cooking
skills we also learn everyday practical skills
like making paper airplanes to impress your friends let's see what's up
in this video i'm going to teach you how to make this amazing
competition winning paper airplane that flies over 100 feet now it is so easy to
fold this plane that i'm going to teach you in 60 seconds or less
i don't have any paper you're eight and a half by 11 inch sheet of paper
and we are beginning in three two one go
fold the top edge to the bottom edge i'm gonna open some mail and use that
paper now rotate fold this top edge to our right
edge but leave just a little gap like so flip it over and fold the other side
to match and now i'm folding this edge to the
edge of my top layer not to the folded edge left edge of the plane
leaving a gap again and now do the same thing on this side
shoot this is already kind of folded up now fold this edge down to the edge of
our top layer again fortunately i can't show you the paper because you've
got cases of information on it flip it over fold this side to match
oh it actually it doesn't okay let's start back over i'm opening it up
close or less so be sure to grab your eight and a half by 11 inch sheet of
paper i got it we are beginning in three two one go
fold the top edge to the bottom edge oh boy oh he's so fast now rotate fold
this top edge to our right edge but leave just a little gap
oh boy that's kind of an advanced move flip it over and fold the other side to
match oh whoa take it easy man now i'm folding
this edge to the edge of my top layer not to the folded edge left edge of the
plane leaving a gap again and now do the same thing on
this side oh shoot i couldn't keep up i gotta go
back a little bit to the edge of my top layer not to the folded
edge left edge of the plane leaving a gap again and now do the same
thing on this side okay now fold this edge down to the
edge of our top layer again not all the way to that folded edge if you can
avoid it I'm trying over for this side to match and now I'm opening it up closing it in this way
and folding my wings what like so what did he do there and he's blowing my mind
putting it up closing it in this way but he opens it up and now I'm how many times
he fold can avoid it flip it over fold this side to match oh here's looks different than mine
I think I lost a gap again and I'm at this point same thing on this side okay now fold this edge
oh it's just another okay again not all the way to that it's so folded up flip it over
fold this side to match and now I'm opening it up closing it in this way and folding my wings
what is he doing there he opens like now I'm opening it up closing it in this way I've got
mine opened up my wings like so I don't get their step at all and fold my other side as well
he's just folding it again and there you go this is a finished paper airplane now I would advise you
to actually add just a little bit of tape I have tape well on its own but if you want to hit 100 feet
you're gonna want to keep these layers closed so let's see this thing in flight
the majesty of flight
whoa from that back look at how beautiful that is
it's a real blank and you miss it kind of beauty like the life of a hummingbird
whoa almost looks like he generated that airplane with AI okay
um well look here's my it doesn't look as pretty
and it says important notices on it I gotta tape it real quick oh boy okay I got tape
because I'm in the woodworking shop wait oh um oh god oh god did I blow it
what oh no I don't I think I think I massacred it I don't it's so folded in on itself
I'm not even sure where the wing is supposed to be uh oh oh no I've lost continuity to the airplane
no how how is it supposed to look how was it meant to live this is a this
unmitigated disaster this is like a yeah I was bowing this is the same process they use
okay this is definitely not right but I'll throw it this way and it's good I'll let you know if it
makes it it's a huge wood shop in here it didn't it crashed instantly shoot I thought that was
a really simple one and I could pull it off looks like you were wrong son I guess you still got
a long way to go in aviation if it was made of wood I could have done a good job I swear
there's just so few wood how-to's don't you already know how to wood I certainly do you
should know dad nothing everything's great um red Ted art easy boomerang um oh somebody
made me a song let's learn about let's let's hear this song that that liven sleazy made for me
I stopped it by accident brand that again he's got the feel in his hands the timbers real
wow crafting dreams but not so good from wet born tricks jeff is the wood jeff is the wood
he's got the groove it never cut the spirit smooth shooting now you see it's true jeff is the
wood he'll guide you through every border every grain jeff brings the magic once again join the show
it's understood jeff is the wood oh jeff is the wood jeff is the wood jeff is the wood jeff is the wood
so good it's like someone's actually singing and playing instruments in his hands the timbers
real crafting dreams but not so good from wet born tricks jeff is the wood it's a bop all the
kids are dancing to it at their local middle school dance they're swing dancing every boy it brings
them join the show it's understood jeff is the wood oh jeff is the wood jeff is the wood he's got
the feel in his hands the timbers real wow he's pumping me up you'll see it's true jeff is the
wood he'll guide you through oopsie I stopped it I stopped it right at the end I didn't mean to
I was just getting into it jeff yeah isn't that great I can't believe you've got someone to sing
that for you well no it's actually um a computer saying that what yeah sorry daddy since you've died
um and been trapped in the wood oh my god no it's fine or since you died and got trapped in the
wood uh computers can sing and uh speak now what yeah and it's sort of like you're trapped in
the wood waiters we take people's voices we trap them forever in a machine we can use them as we
want forever uh yeah your most basic human essences can now be transferred into digital
permanence completely outside of you and your control oh my god yeah so soon you won't be the
only thing trapped oh okay isn't that nice everyone's trapped oh wow okay all of us trapped trapped forever
okay yeah jeff is the wood okay let's do one more how to make safe chemical free deodorant
oh how to sing high notes I can practice this right away we'll save the deodorant for next time
because I should use that a lot sooner if I wanted to not stink up the wood shop today
did you use normal deodorant well I did but I work through it fast
wow I'm grateful to be in the wood see it's not all bad okay let's find out how to sing the high
notes oh that's a good point my dad is the wood sorry I just saw that racial but I'm the I think
they're saying like I'm the wood like it's good I'm the you know you got it it's art hey this is
chris keller and this is your free vocal tip of the week now once again we're coming back to high
notes high notes are never easy for anybody yeah but here's the thing if you remember looking
all the back at really studying about the mix you know it's a mix between chest and head it's connected
with the the pharyngeal sound that we connect together right um to create that brilliant resonance
I don't miss all that um here's the thing let's say you're still not fully getting it yet let's
say even when you just sing high it still feels kind of full well let's say when you get to a high note
yeah uh uh I struggle a little bit if I come up from the bottom
na na na na na na still let me try na na na na na na uh oh I was stuck the whole way a little
pull it's a little bit of a push I feel like I'm pinching it a little bit one way to get rid of some
of that pinch get rid of some of that tension is to start out in a full head voice and work your way
to the mix right or you can start even higher and we're down what are you doing so I'll start on the
C here in a full head voice very simple it's kind of like the siren sound I'm just working my voice
I'm making a sound yeah I'm not worried about singing the actual note as much as just getting my voice
relaxed in that song oh okay I'm relaxing relaxing my mind whoa that's a bird song I'm singing a song
for the birds currently I'm switching over the pharyngeal not hard that was pharyngeal um okay
switch to a mom the chest is kicking in a little bit then by the time I get to the nae
whoa he's had more practice than me fairly relaxed it's not hard um it's not shoot my voice right now
I'm having a horrible allergy problem with all the pollen here in Nashville it is ridiculously bad
this I'm not natural but me too but the point is I'm still able to hit that note not with as much
presence as I want and not with the fullness that I want but I'm not I'm still not pushing it
and I feel fairly relaxed so if you start easy and the easiest way to sing most high notes
is in a head voice don't be afraid to start there and then work your way to the pharyngeal sound
then let the chest come up a little bit it's kind of the opposite than working from the bottom up
don't be afraid to work from the top down oh no not like this not like that like this son
I can't do that oh it's easy Deb you just go like you start high
oh my god I'm in the wood oh my god I'm in the wood oh my god oh my god I'm in the wood
oh you are in the wood what look he's got the spectral voice of a of a ghost I can't compete
with that his who knows how his voice even reaches me he moves no air when he speaks
for he is but a phantom huh it's fine it's fine just as crazy it's easier for you oh okay
I mean he was a better singer than me in life I suppose I've never been much of a singer
but anyway just start high and then I go low now I can sing anything all my single ladies all
my single ladies all my single ladies all my single ladies throw your dads up into the wood
they're attractive I could do an album you could record it to wood I don't know if that works with
record players isn't vinyl just like but make it wood wood and vinyl man there maybe there's a way
but there's wood instruments that's true there's wood instruments you want me to turn you into a
violin will it release me I don't know I honestly don't I don't know oh my god I'm in the wood oh here's
memory reset just in time it's fine oh good okay well um maybe I'll make a song one of these days
but it's got to be easy listening because it's important to stay relaxed while you're learning
or you can get too worked up you got upset when you can't hit the dang note that you want to hit
you know going for a C sharp there and I was a mile off
but that's learning is a process and we're learning together
on someday I'll learn how to do it all right they're not to do it right
maybe the first try for once but it's not about the first try it's about never giving up
and I'm so happy to get to learn with all of you I can't wait to learn more with you
make a big mech taco in the kitchen okay uh that's good it's been great to spend some time with
you remember you're never too old no trick okay she's bye bye who if he sculpted his dad a body
microphone 900 you're thinking outside of the box I'll send him the suggestion although whenever
I asked Jeb about his dad he just kind of laughs and then stares off and doesn't respond to me
who knows why
okay we said we do a conspiracy time so we gotta learn why blueberries are actually they're good
you didn't realize that actually they're good dang it we have a new conspiracy man in town
plebs going missing maybe forever maybe till he gets a haircut I don't know
blueberries aren't blue I mean quantum tunnelers said blueberries are actually good when he requested
this I feel like I have to honor the request but maybe we can also learn that they're not
actually blue I mean who knows how deep this rabbit hole goes but I know just a man to sort it out
for us uh it's time to to seize a little bit of truth then for truth fellow travelers of the
highways and byways that make up this great experiment we call America and I'll call it
truth topia although that utopia threatens to be usurped every day by the would be
liars cheats and deniers but the fact that as we all see them and as we all know them to be
yo sevens in chat because every day we have to defend the right for us to even think
but that's why I'm here with all of you to make sure that that right it's never it might be
challenged but it's never defeated it's it's titanins prime it pushes we punch hard at the facts
and today one of the harshest facts of all is blueberries good they actually are
is the thing and a lot of people say they're not are they blue are they good yes well people
say they're not liars people say they're not blue I think they are but I think the main thing I have to
do is type in blueberry conspiracy into YouTube and okay I've already found something troubling
middlecast thank you so much for the support as we take the journey into the dark heart of truth
see the truth they're trying to keep it from you we're not gonna let them
do you think blueberries isn't blue what if I told you people is that the blueberry that you
can literally be a blueberry man is that good is that are they happy yet they've made us blue
or maybe we should be let's find out together check this out around my shade before yeah probably
a little lighter so how did this happen it all started when paul was looking for a cure for flaky
skin how does that happen his own research he read about drinking a solution of silver in water
at first things were fine but then paul started rubbing it onto his skin and it started turning
blue all that sounds normal to me realize that you were blue a friend that hadn't seen me in a
while came by and asked me what I'd done to myself we compared our arms paul's used to be fairer
now it's a dull gray blue and despite his face it's really blue like a smurf
because he says it cured ailments like sinus problem but chug it and rub it even arthritis paul
showed me how he makes it i use distilled water i take this apparatus here it looks like a high
school science experiment paul attaches electrodes to a strand of silver wires yeah obviously he sends
a current into the water which extracts the silver for after about 15 minutes the dissolved
silver turns the water into a milky liquid paul's fiance jay well milky silver too but jackie skin
looks normal because she says she never applied that's truth garner that's true paul did they
met on the phone and she fell in love with him months later she saw him for the first time
and she says even though she knew he was blue it was still a shock were you taking it back
very much so yes oh wasn't it turned out well i have to really look at it and keep looking at it
and remember who i had talked to and who who i had fallen in love with paul says his blue skin
has many advantages he never sunburns and doesn't need to wear sunglasses superpowers here he is and
yet they're saying it's bad and wrong to new york city but he also says there are some side
effects he doesn't like do you feel that you have been treated differently because you're blue
oftentimes some of the people were less than polite but despite everything paul says he had no regrets
about using his silver remedy if you could change back to the way you were would you do it i'm not
sure really really he shocked the world four years ago a man who turned his skin the color blue
amazing story i never heard anything like that this is a wow well i mean folks you saw it here first
you could hear it from the judgment in their voice they're saying he's wrong for turning
himself blue with silver but why are they blaming the silver you do you know what else
he admitted to rubbing on his body and drinking water we're so quick to cast the sparrows
against classic minerals that are valuable like silver and yet we never blame the most common cold
porite right in front of our very eyes the water i ain't drink government water for
50 years i've only been alive 30 plus before i was even born my parents stopped drinking
water and god blessed them for doing that they were on a strict power aid diet and that was
early power aid we're talking power aid in the 70s when it was arguably almost as dangerous as
regular water i've subsisted purely off power aid since i was a baby no milk for me straight out of the
bottle power aid and that's why my skin flawless and uncracked and obviously i do still add silver
to that power aid on occasion you're going to want to get some natural healing remedies in
there with some silver you're going to want to run some skills silver on your skin you're
going to want to silver yourself up that's a common thing and yet they're so quick quick
to blame the silver but we're not here to talk about silver even that's just proof
that indeed people can be blueberries too he became one and yet we say they're not good
people are afraid to say blue lives matter what have i told you not all blue lives is even police
a cab all cops are blue isn't true but some people are
and that one is and you're going to say he doesn't matter just because he's a different color than
you which is blue or maybe kind of like an off purple now who's being close-minded i ask you that
okay this video has 40 views and it just says el torso blueberry conspiracy look at this
this is they're trying to throw us off the trail here they're trying to break my mind with
psychedelic prod rock but they're not going to do it i eat this kind of melodic challenge for
for breakfast i could vibe out to this and feel nothing they will they will not distract me you
like blueberries me too isn't that we're talking about which side of my eye and i'm on the side
of truth actually the truth in this situation is it's definitely about blueberries at least
and we are getting to the bottom something's up is all i'm saying something's something
blueberries is wrong and i'm upset about what that is which i know and i'm slowly revealing to you
the blueberry method the power of blueberry hunger is this man claims that blueberries have an
intrinsic power to them and i'm inclined to agree let's see what he's talking about
powerful but i think blueberries are more powerful everyone knows that blueberries are easy
and delicious they're great in pancakes and and muffins but what i'm here to demonstrate
is the almost supernatural ability that blueberries have to center you and provide clarity
the blueberry method is easy just buy eat and love blueberries oh they're simple smart
and just the right amount of sweet okay some people would say that was a commercial
for i guess blueberries but that's because we've been so desensitized to just an honest play
from a kind man to try to guide us in the right direction that big strawberry seeds that they
try to convince us all that that's just an ad and he's full of it and blueberries are just okay
and actually probably strawberries are what's good because of because strawberry because
that's what they're selling to you they want you to believe that strawberries is the better
berry it's just not true blue ones is good they're good all i'm here to say is that they're
actually good the blueberry cabal is everywhere they must be stopped no well yes but the cabal against
them i'm pretty sure that what i'm upset about is people saying the blueberries are bad
and i stand behind that i think all right blueberry and plum can fear these theories
this is an that's an hour long that just won't do i'm gonna look up blueberries are not blue
and just see what happens don't make these seven well they were in the blueberry growing process
let's see if this is another bit of the the crisis actor trying to convince us that blueberries
it's hard to grow homestead blueberries are an amazing fruit that are easy to grow they're
delicious they're nutritious okay but you need to avoid these seven mistakes what are they not going
to be successful trusting your governor let's talk about it okay you won't make me so comfortable with
the adorable children so when we first established our homestead i knew i had to have blueberries i
grew up with wild blueberries in michigan like a real man i wanted to grow as some of those is not
that blue i don't know if i can trust this man those are some of those are very clearly pink
and or red i've got my eye on this many blueberries as i could down here in texas now if i haven't
grown something before i always make sure that i do a decent amount of research ahead of time
so i'm successful in doing it and of the seven mistakes when planting blueberries that i'm
going to talk about today i actually did not make four of them i was able to overcome those at the
beginning and good research at the beginning before you plant your blueberries is important
so the first one is making sure that you have the right varieties for your growing zone and area
so always consult with the local ag extension office that's connected to your state university
your state agricultural university for us here in texas that's texas in a minute so for those of
you who are in our zone which is zone eight b we planted austin brightwell this is the conspiracy
powder blue in emerald wait a minute i realize what they're doing here is the conspiracy to make
blueberries seem really fucking boring which they're not they're actually like pretty exciting and
they're actually kind of cutting to the core of what it means to be american and the deep
states attempt to make us hate them and say they're not good it is one of the great
crucibles of american life that we must overcome and this guy's out here trying to make them seem
normal and like pretty dull and like honestly growing the mistakes you made are probably
like fur fur the lines are related and not related to being brainwashed by mass media
which i'd say is it's really more the issue here blue foods randy writes a novel okay this is
the man named randy he also happens to be blue and apparently he's had a thing or two to say
about blue food which side is he even on let's find out christmas at my house this year right three
months out my cousin called this isn't even an american son my cousin son which makes him
someone i couldn't give a fuck about anyway he's against traditional family values first thing she
says you don't see hello the first thing she says is braiden can't have blue what's the american
braiden can't eat blue foods oh it's red white and nothing if he eats anything with a blue food
preservative in it he just just taps out that is bullshit uh amen brother firstly don't call your
kid braiden amen secondly secondly blue is not even a natural color for food stuffs what very rarely in
nature name me one blue food there it is a fucking purple wait what i'm talking about mentos blue
like 711 slushy blue what flavor is that fucking highlighter i know randy blue means no no he had me
tricked me if you planted mint and it came up blue you would set that shit on fire out of how
blueberries are silver in it it's cool it's like ice it's like water water is clear the only time
water is blue is when there's billions of tons of it and it's all in the one spot and then it's
got all sorts of shit in it like salt and sharks what what was he man he was really on one you see
they can't even hold their own logic together he's jumping from blueberries to shark it's like he's
trying to make fun of the whole idea of taking blueberries seriously which is this the level
that we were that were up that people discriminate against blueberries they say they're purple they say
that they don't matter they say that they're mistakes you can make when growing them when you
can just throw blueberries on the ground blueberries will grow it's one of the most class one of
the he has one point it's one of the few blue foods and our founding fathers founded the
flag after their favorite food jam which is red and if it's not then get out of here grape jam
is the joke white for milk and blue for blueberry every morning the founding fathers would eat jam
with in milk with blueberries it was the first cereal and it was gross but that's one of the
one of the foundational elements of this country and yet people are terrified of blues of blue
everything now and if you don't believe me what have I told you that I have access
I've access to one of the one of two manual needs blueberries and it has in fact turned him blue
and he's proudly blue and I'm proud to have him here and for reasons of amenity amenity
I can't show you who he is but I will allow you to ask him any question that you'd like to know
he's an expert in blueberries and he calls himself blueberry or something like that I should
I wasn't about to tell you that anyway he's here he is here sir thank you so much for joining me
um don't say your name but thank you for being a patriot it's my pleasure to be here
for too long people have discriminated against I know it's politically touching to say but blue lives
it's become political when I mean in reality there's just a lot of there's some blue people out
there we eat blue foods we only drink blue Gatorades we only eat blue fruits of which
blueberries the only option people try to clean their purple but they're blue they're blue we would
have called them purple berries but they're blue couldn't agree anymore it's handsy it's not
handsy smirks but what you said you bore me you're blurred they can't they don't know who you are
just because you're little and blue people think you don't matter but this country was found around
little blue guys little blue balls man all the fondant fathers celebrate the blue balls constantly
had them put them in their mouth all the time slurping down blue balls all day long and somewhere
along the line we decided I guess when it's not pc or something to eat blue balls to be a little
blue guy that everybody's just decided everybody's just the soup de jour of the day is to be offended by
blue people a pandora ass mother fuck well what about that do you support pandora because they're
blue no they're cats what they're not their primary attribute isn't blue their primary thing is cat
well they are blue though yeah but they're mostly cat I'm my whole thing is blue they're also
little but the first thing is blue if I was full-sized the first thing you would say
is holy shit he's blue and if I'm little they'll say look at that blue little thing I think I'd say
little blue thing whose side are you on I'm just on the side of the truth you are blue I respect that
you're also little which is fine you don't respect that I'm little I'll say you weren't supposed
to let people know you said you'd protect me you're but nobody can tell what you are are you wearing
a clan hat because I can't have that again no no what no this is a traditional sleeping cap
in my time zone it's bedtime I feel like I've seen you in that in all hours yeah it's similar to my
working cap and my afternoon cap and my day nap cap and my night cap which isn't a drink it's a hat
just so you're you can at least confirm that it's not what chat thinks it is no it's not I mean
what they they borrowed the design from us they were into the style you have to understand is
we start wearing these in the 1800s and we made it cool and then other people co-opted that
they also co-opted the blue lives thing which sucks because we're literal blue lives we're little blue
lives I get an hour have to say little blue lives matter even though my main thing is that I'm blue
I'm so sorry to hear that Renner is not a real Smurf is Jeremy Renner Smurf yes what yeah he is
and we're all deeply ashamed of him because he decided to die himself not blue
that's a kind of a fucked up accusation yeah it's horrible you're also they're also a traditional
castle cat you're all tradcast all of you are tradcast all this oh sorry you don't stop blowing up my
spot you're just a little blue guy you could be any type of little blue guy yeah we're all tradcast
we're little blue blue little blue tradcast lives matter but would you agree that all lives matter
don't go to you don't have to say that I'm not I've got a specific cause here that I'm defending
and you're actually diminishing it by adding that into the conversation that actually makes a ton
of sense when you say it for some reason when you say that it connected with me and now I get
that actually great also besides the hat are you nude yeah well I have pants on we all have
pants with any color I could be wearing any color of pants is it red today it happens to be red
wait no that's wait that would mean you're well I'm on my way to being the elder
so I wear red pants and white hat otherwise I'd be in white pants dude you're blowing up
everybody's gonna know shit what about the what about the rumors that Smurfs can
be turned into a potion that turns lead into gold that's no if you carve us up
and drain us of our of our Smurfs is it clear that I'm a Smurf I think it's I think the jig
is up but well we don't know what Smurf okay fine I'll admit it I am a Smurf
okay that's brave that's brave of you and no um if you start if you if you carve us off you
mush us up you turn us into Smurf Jam then at best you could turn milk into Mr. Pib you turn milk into
Mr. Pib pour some Smurf Jam into milk you might get Mr. Pib but not gold that's a big upgrade though
that's temptation I have to that you have to live with that knowing that you could be hunted
to turn milk into Mr. Pib that can't be easy it's not easy it's never easy and that's why I'm here
just let people know don't judge us do look when you're walking around your apartment
or in a field especially if you're in a field especially if you're in a whimsical field
just no you can step on us and we will get mushed up and if there's any milk on you it'll
immediately turn into Mr. Pib okay just a couple more questions and then I will let you go what about
the what about your Smurf buddies hanging out with Prince John and Pewitt defeating Gargamel and
saving the day there's our allies out there yeah for sure there's some allies that understand
our plight but they're few and far between I'd say on average most humans hunt us to turn their milk
into Mr. Pib that's my last question that's your last question I mean I'm I was sort of confused about
the whole time to be real with you but I know I see that there was a very real conspiracy at the
heart of this and I guess that was to diminish the hard-working Smurfs of America yeah that's
probably it it's Smurfette just plowing 24-7 to keep up Smurf population well look I mean
don't apply your human reality to our Smurf gangbangs what that's just how we're a mono
a mono coupling society that phrase well it's real like ants we only got one queen and holy
hell she is what a queen man what a queen you can't see it because I'm bored out but my eyes just
my bullet tongue just rolled out of my face and uh I'm sweating bullets right
literal cartoon bullets are flying off me I'm sweating bullets because she's so foxy
how often is she pregnant always Jesus she doesn't show it though because our babies come out so
small if to honestly up Smurf birth is like a it's like a weak fart we just come squawking out
most of us die like turtles she probably gives birth to about a thousand smurfs every half Smurfs
every afternoon and we try to crawl to the Smurf hut where we're incubated but you know
99% of a little Smurf larva die on their way to the incubation hut and our lives matter man what
okay well look I'm not gonna insult traditional family values whatever they may be
and I'm respecting cultures and stuff I'm not wandering into that minefield so
I guess good for you for it takes a village to raise the Smurf I guess well we don't really raise
kids I mean we just kind of let them figure it out hmm also I believe in very relaxed borders
oh what the fuck man what did you come on here to do just uh you know eliminate all culture
eliminate all borders uh laissez-faire travel around the global eliminate all nations
really we should have one world power which is um an interconnected process all right this
guys we're cutting you off what no I just came on here to talk about um gang bangs how blue lives
are important and how there shouldn't be any ruling nations total anarchy and freedom of
god damn don't do that to my voice I will not be silenced he's cut off well shit I learned
something probably that's to fire my fucking agent who said I should do a blueberry episode
because I did get confused and I think I ended up talking to like a
poly anarchists well not even poly uh what is it if you're extremely loyal to one lady
but she's fucking the entire town plus anarchy whatever that type of worldview is
that's not that does not represent the views of temper truth I swear we're like real we're very
traditional actually I've only had a couple girlfriends and I'll consider marriage with all
of them and I did only if I had sex it was only soaking I follow Mormon rules just to be
safe even though I'm a proud christian so just to clear my name a reverse Mormon yeah he was a
Mormon yeah he was a reverse Mormon anarchist and respect to the Mormons I follow some of their rules
but I'm not an anarchist and um I'll only gang bangs I'll limit myself to like maybe one every couple
of years or none I'm just thinking of a normal guy and they're coming for something now I don't
trust the blue people anymore I had the opposite effect on me I've become fully racist against
smurf I'll admit it I'm racist against mercy now he did that to me but it's coming from a place of
it's actually not coming from place of ignorance it's not coming from place of knowledge from
talking to this guy I'm not racist it's hell against smurfs and that's just sometimes where the
the road of truth leads you get straight back to racism that's all the time we have for today
thank you so much for staying on this journey of truth with me stay stay patriots uh stay smart
and stay mentally active separate truth what the fuck well we learned no lessons I would say
I would disagree with uh guy that we learned any lessons I think we I think we steered clear
of any lessons fortunately our minds are as pure as ever untainted by knowledge of anything
okay let's uh end today with a debate why not we gotta warm up for this um
um don't fall forgot like he might be on my channel I might have hired him I might be promoting him but
that doesn't mean I agree with what he says or I'm responsible for it don't turn against
smurfs they just have a reverse Mormon anarchist society it works for them do you want to not
have mr. piv anymore and watch out they might be the only ingredient thank you sporophyte that's
the mission statement of this entire network let's send it to a debate they can debate
they can debate us out of here for the day or endles asleep
I'm supposed to go somewhere tonight but I don't know what I do honestly need to finish Elden
ringing my character up to the point where he can do the expansion so depending on what her
schedule is maybe we'll just do like her like a little elden ring okay anyway let's send it
now to munchin crumb oh the crumb plane's already out trying to spoil my parade well the parade
will never be canceled for me I'm on a permanent parade to get fucking paid and I did an M and I'm great
and crumbs here are you okay that was a weird one I'm fine I'm just in a hurry case needs to play
Elden ring or something there's the munch jet or we would want to delay case is Elden ringing I guess
well the expansion's almost out these these planes are battling their asses off today
he's got to prep he's got to prep that character the suggested level is 125 to 150 that's pretty high
he's got to get all his talisman slots full he needs to finish getting a a wet stone so that he can
give his blades the occult modification how do you know all this because I'm an enlightened being
of the lands between maybe claiming to be from a video game now no I'm just saying like I know what's
up all right well look I don't know what we're debating today but I'm ready to
cruise straight to one hundo baby oh you'll never you'll never get there you're gonna continue
you're gonna be I think maybe today's the start of you losing forever shave your points for you
so you can push crumb ahead a month look at that look at you openly conspiring against me
and against a fair and just and equitable debate system this is literally the debate system
you called for for the record the all of this is your fault don't adjust my camera I adjust my camera
magically from a distance all right look if Chad is anything they'd like to see us debate
I'm ready to do this thing I'm ready to join the triple digit club and then so or gracefully to 200
the debate is happening soon by the way case is setting up assets for that at least he claims to be
yeah I bet he's working so hard he might be he might be maybe not don't trust that man you
don't trust case anymore he let me he left me in the pit of my own mind to suffer the agonies of
multiversal consciousness what now nothing don't worry about it
what are we debating should case play elton ring debate the best builds in elton ring
is army hammer reform cannibal he's just a handsome man that has an active mind he's clearly
a cannibal he said I'm a hundred percent cannibal in a text nothing you say in a text message can
be trusted I mean just look at Vince McMahon he's probably gonna get off scott free that's
horrible analogy I mean I'm just saying like that's way more extreme than what army hammer didn't
it's looking like he's just gonna get away with that shit that's not guaranteed well look I'll take
the side of yeah he's a cannibal and I'll defend our hand most handsome Americans rights to say weird
sex stuff like you've got experiment when you're at his level you've had that much sex probably
because you look like that who knows all right well if we don't have a bother mind making this
extremely unpleasant poll I will take the side of of any decent person
oh where's our poll where'd the poll go
sorry let me let me let me use some of my time on the goodness of my heart try to make this poll
appear where's my poll I couldn't figure it out Jesus Christ don't I can't see the score because
our poll is bugged but do not vote he does not lust for blood all right if you can see the poll
right now which you can if you're if you're watching this live that's crazy he doesn't
lust for blood he's cleared his name he said nah I don't and I didn't and what you all saw was like
just the inner workings of of a sexually gifted you know pseudo deviant which all of us are
but some of us are just more capable of expressing it and he's an actor so he's very in touch with
his emotions and he's exploring the you know the limitless contours of his own sensuality by
by fantasizing about being a cannibal if you look back at those texts he literally said like
I would eat your heart but that would kill I basically I would lose you so I can't like isn't
that kind of sweet I want to eat you because you're I love you so much but I love you so much I won't
murder you by eating you well you know I gotta eat literally there's honestly nothing I have to say
he texted a woman seemingly without provocation I want to eat you I'm just discovering this in
the moment I'm 100% a cannibal the same woman who later eventually accused him of abuse
which I don't think he even denies he's like a clearly a terrible guy who's known on the world's
worst apology tour and I'm so you just picked a fucking absolute dud um it's hopeless for you
and uh why don't you go ahead and check this out I might have added a little I can now do this
believe me I heard there's still a phantom man
anyway look I now I can update the score with the press of one button
you are are you proud of yourself that took you a year and a half to make that happen
yeah but now look it went up and I'm at more importantly I want 100 turn my music up
what hundo baby count them up count it from one no one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten are you trying to miss your beast right now stop trying to miss your
beast 11 12 13 14 15 6 shut the fuck up stop miss he did it better he got into like a million or
some shit 20 where you just jumped 50 he couldn't even fucking commit to that 30 now you're going
backwards seven oh you're crumb believable 37 please rescind your vote
60 you're crumb believable 100 minus five 95 you there 99 what is how do you count 100 uh
oh
I could just celebrate my way that's what the winners do what's tied we're tied and look I've been cured
like the republican party I had to eventually accept for sometimes the nation loses its mind
and you know you can win them all and we do but sometimes the other side convinces themselves
that they win and just you have to let them be pathetic and live in that false reality that
they've conducted for themselves and that's all I'm doing right here I'm recognizing my superiority
by not getting upset that you are fucking me you're not a 100 you're crumb believable oh
you see what I did at the end hi jar fun you were arguing I think I had a little piano to it
and I'll play myself to 100 one two oh my god 100 one two 100 is the that's where I started
and that's where I ended up I hate you you know you're not mad you just said you know I'm not mad
it's just like you know even if you work as an EMT sometimes you see a wound so gory and disgusting
you're like come on and that's just you doing anything so obviously I have to react
check this shit out I love America I got another song real much good I found out I found my other song
and that's not a thing you'll ever have is a second song
am I supposed to be impressed that you have a second terrible AI written song
terrible this is a song for America
I
hired Toby Keith to sing this for me she's clearly case
Toby Keith but I mean I wouldn't expect you to understand facts obviously
didn't much cannibalize Al Manchester's body when he transformed back into his regular form
yeah you just you just have some court of split personality disorder
or you faked it or something either way I know Al's in there and I'm coming for
I don't know how many times I have to tell you to stop phrasing things that way
yeah Toby Blackwell
stop talking over my fucking song this is a classic this is an American anthem
this is not the American anthem it's in contention to replace the Pledge of Allegiance
kids everywhere might start singing this every morning the whole thing
this won me probably like 40 elections I was I was mayor for a hundred years
gender this is from way back in his political days when he
was a mayor shockingly yeah yeah yeah that no one's shocked I was people are shocked you've
claimed to have been for a for a city by the way that it's questionable if it even exists you're
denying the addition to crimson where you also claim to have been mayor in a different reality
yeah a hundred years or so probably the best mayor ever to mayor for a hundred years
how long is it's a full-ass song hitting the high notes case must have watched that video
I mean Toby did oh it's not a crap or I cleaned up leveled that place with magic how it came
back I don't even understand what nothing stop making me pull out this deep cup fucking lower
that nobody cares about it's not lower it's a time that I made and you just claim to level it with
magic fortunately I have family there so I know you didn't there is the goblin piece of hot
song as well oh that'll not see no thanks it's not a hell mode it's a steel town that's still
struggling to recover I chair pretty clash of american town that it's not i'm annexing it for
cuba prempton is now cuban you can't annex a place on behalf of cuba yeah bring back the goblin piece of
hot emo okay that might not have worked Toby it did I wish he didn't include that part
bring back the goblin piece of hot emo stop this goblin piece of hot erasure
wasn't your political opponent yeah but he's a fucking mile ahead of you
replaced crumb with goblin piece of hot how about we do that at 200 yeah you do you know
how you reacted last time I left for like four debates not well actually it was one you remember
that off the top of your head you're apologizing to me at christmas what happens at christmas
doesn't count especially in the grunge miscafe you're all grunched out you're sweating from all that
grunge orgy nothing you say on that day matters it's lots it's it's total anarchy
a top the mount whoville is total total anarchy
jander likes the lord so so I think you're making assumptions that people don't like lord
there's enough lore on this fucking channel why are you yelling I don't know I just don't want to talk
to you anymore grunge lives do matter I'm not afraid to say that I think we've done enough
lives mattering jokes today the only one that matters is in fact black lives matter well but
now we're gonna get we're reopening the whole can of worms there's no can of worms open what I
said is actually that it's their slogan it means a specific thing and I think if you
can't agree with that that's pretty pathetic I'm fat instead I won't say anything actually
the really brave move I will stop talking about it so I don't get in trouble
crumbs like sir I don't not ranking the races like ranking of kings but not cute
ranking of races is what this man does there's a racial olympics every day in his head
and you just love to see those other races run for you to win your medals don't you what are
you even talking about okay that's gotta be all the time we have that is all the time we have
and because we're also offended by you that now we have to go I'm sorry I meant to look at him
you were offended by you and how that's your bad you're bad you're bad don't you can't
you're becoming Rob Elby can we limit the what the what is this poll do black lives matter
or all life matter mods you're going in chain with power please everyone make the correct I'm
actually on the side of black lives matter what what is going on with what's coming in and out of
existence I'm going on and so you have to put you have to choose all lives matter no I refuse to do
that I'm not defending that particular slogan well I picked I picked that one so you didn't
pick it at times then I will just I will abstain for once so you lose you resign and I got the
point oh they a the poll is being weird well look obviously I believe in the sanctity of
debates and that all sides deserve at best a devil's advocate but you're gonna bail on your
sacred right to pick the side of whichever one you didn't say first purely divorced from all
context the second statement in a apolitical and utopian world is fine that's the best you got
that is in fact the best I have in a different reality where the first statement does not exist
in its specific political context the second statement is fine I guess if you go back before
you went to the 1700s England and said it it'd be like a truism chat what the hell are you doing
are you what kind of stream is this okay I'm of two minds about this I'm above two minds about
maybe I'd be fine taking the L on this one actually
maybe for once I'd be fine taking the L chat don't support in this case don't support me please
look at what you're doing to the graphics are going crazy today the graphics are rebelling against this
I can play me not now what the fuck is happening the streamer bot is on the fritz wow racism
really won today this stream racism really won on this stream today I did win I'm just gonna not
play the song though we're just gonna update my score but I am ahead no I'm so glad that the
poll was not showing up on stream on screen today because I'm offended that I lost not that I'm
politically affiliated with either statement I'm just you know I'm actually a supporter of the black
community unlike chrome I couldn't disagree with the I said I laid it out you know I blame myself for
laying out such a logical argument apologies for just being sure for being so eloquent and
salient with my debate points that chat couldn't help but but vote for me I I shouldn't have said
anything this man is this man is the reason for racism in America I should have known because
let me look how bald you are I won't say it but look how bald you are that we're back here
we're back it took you it took you four or five debates to get back to calling me a Nazi thanks
so much well I just mean I just mean look at all I'm saying is look at you I didn't say anything
about a Nazi I said look at you and look where your head went and also you support the all lives
matters movement it's not a movement that's the thing it's not a movement it's just a dumb
slogan from people like you and you tried to game the system and you failed because
you've created a you've created a debate environment where people don't vote for what they agree with
they vote discreetly based on personalities unfortunately much like our actual political
system you've managed to poison a simple debate stream into being an unfortunately accurate
representation of elections at large which are personality based and meaningless initialists
in many cases I can't help it if I love this country and what it stands for and I won't apologize
for making this stream more American but somebody somebody I guess is anti-american and they hate
America they hate American democracy looks like somebody hates him you just heard it here first
folks he hates the American democracy I'd say take away those two points but I think maybe
we should leave that one as a record of of his closed-mindedness and his lack of support for
the black community he's on the record is as literally supporting all eyes but I'm cutting
in to say none of what he's saying is accurate and now you have to zoom back out I guess I now I have
to zoom back out from the start what is going on with these graphics listen up jack microphone
on an hundred just man see reach across the aisle tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
I'm hiring munch for my mini peace task force welcome aboard the munch cut I you know I might
not agree with them but I'm just that politically savvy reach across the aisle reach into the hearts
and minds regardless of political affiliation of Americans everywhere I've done that with the
president I've done it with everyone but you if I reach into your mind I'd pull it out
stomp on the ground I'd smush your brain on the sidewalk that's all the time we have love you
I'll bye bye I'm glad that I can still be surprised by some of these debate outcomes
I didn't see that one coming chat you managed to surprise me those channel points are you
know it's the burden of responsibility and there's Papito Papito's here don't worry
yeah I feel fine man I've been eating cheese all day
holy shit Papito what I feel great I feel better than never yeah is that the reason all the
graphics are on the fritz I don't know okay back to normal check on your graphics dude
you're the producer my dog you're trapped you can't blame me for anything that's crazy too
shoot it is crazy to blame me for anything you are a dog couldn't be more up front about it
I'm a dog for the record uh black lives matter over all lives matter for the record
wow we're very impressed guys I just mean I'm just saying okay I guess we're re-legating 2022
what are you tired your dog I don't know what I'm saying I'm a dog
Papito doesn't know what he's saying I don't know why you're saying that to me
no I'm just I'm not even gonna say that I'm just Papito and I'm a dog I don't have to bring
life and matters into it I'm Papito I'm a dog separate slogan that's a slogan that's what I stand for
that is what he stands for actually okay I guess let me see what Kendall's doing
and then if she's not doing anything I might play a little Elden Ring
Pito's piss he's all cheesed out I'm in good mood why I'm not capable of sounding mad my voice is too high
look this is me mad I'm really mad you sounded a little mad actually okay well you know it's it
is really I'd say it's um honestly Guy Redacted's fault for just pushing the conversation in that
general general direction I did kill General Redan so I played a little bit off stream um I've
killed General Redan I did something else oh I got a sword that I think I might want to use
and uh might have done something else oh I'm in I'm in the eternal I need to get a stone
we're on the stone hunt again but this time for a wet stone anyway let me check with Kendall
see what she's doing I'll be right back I'll send Papito to do it just a sec you're just gonna
sit there are you okay how do you blink on a really regular rate I need to get that checked out
that is what he's doing Skyler I think in his head that's what he's doing right now what are you
doing I'm looking I'm looking right back at you what are you doing hmm oh sorry I was just
taking it easy I was just taking it easy that's how you take it easy yeah I just you know if I
want to relax oh no anyway let's like crash the stream to play some Elden Ring that's one of my favorite
stream pastimes it's crashing the whole stream oh that's probably why the stream was fucked up I
was running I had Drake on the line the whole stream and I forgot line the whole stream and I
forgot that's not even Drake I have to get Drake back on the line yeah I mean I've been here the
whole stream I really thought you'd probably want to check in with me because you know I'm really
famous but that's fine I mean you know I learned a lot about blueberries and race
and those are two things that have been in my mind a lot lately because I've been feeling blue
and I'm like is that my new race but I think I'm actually just you know just going through
because this girl one takes me back and it's nothing else nothing other than the usual
stuff where I don't get texted back other than that I'm fine everybody still loves me and nothing
bad's happened to me and I didn't lose anything well anyway I'm going to cut Drake off that's
all the time we have for Drake go back to DeCrosse that'd be it could be the smart career move
honestly he seems fine actually he's still probably selling out stadiums or whatever
whatever man okay the stream will probably crash but I'm gonna attempt to switch it over to my
Elden Ring set up never really works the switch that is so I'll see you all in two minutes
he lost a k.dot he really did he really did all right fingers crossed maybe this will be the time
it works normally