I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said thank you so much,
Guglotrush, for the presidential gift as I am the greatest president of Donchal Ram of all goes.
Not Case's brother, Cedar, I'm David Lynch.
In his honor, I'll do some backwards talk like in Twin Peaks.
L-O-L-Low Cuff Mind.
Everybody.
Oh my gosh.
Sometimes you don't talk all day until you're on stream
even then your voice comes out like...
Uh, yeah, David Lynch.
R-I-P to a real one.
Most know him from Twin Peaks, various other media projects.
Uh, also, transcendental meditation.
If you've ever wanted to listen to David Lynch explain transcendental meditation for...
Several minutes.
16 to be exact.
Here's a YouTube video.
New sub-goal.
Intrigued yet, chat?
I listened to David Lynch talk about transcendental meditation a lot for some reason.
I find it comforting even though I still can't do transcendental meditation myself.
MMY's University MIU heavily recruited you.
Maharashi Mahesh Yogi, my guy number one molester.
Uh-oh.
Is that about David Lynch as well?
Or are there some things about David Lynch I'm less familiar with?
Was it not all transcendental meditation?
Um, there's a Twin Peaks chain of rest...
Wait, there's Twin Peaks restaurants?
Twin Peaks restaurant.
Sorry, I'm learning lots of information from chat today.
There are. Are they related to the show?
Check this website out.
Whoa!
This is not what I...
Let me refresh this page really quick.
Sorry, this is probably not related to the show.
Now that I think about it.
Best in the game.
It would be really funny if this was David Lynch's Twin Peaks restaurant.
And this is just the aesthetic they go with.
You gotta sell burgers somehow.
Introspective, you know, mind-bending psychological thrills
don't necessarily make you want to eat burger and drunk beer.
You hope they do a memorial for David Lynch at each of their restaurants.
They really should.
I think the aesthetic of whatever this is,
and like a 24-hour David Lynch marathon,
might be a great way to honor his memory.
I'm not sure what he would have wanted.
He was very at peace, seemingly, so he might have been fine with anything.
See, I was founded by...
Oh, okay. The yogi is problematic.
I've never heard any untoward rumors about David Lynch.
I also remember him from...
Although that show has sort of been memory hold for most people.
Or at least for culture at large.
That appearance on the Louis C.K. AMC show
is also burned into my brain.
So maybe...let's see if we get copyright struck if we watch this.
This is sort of a classic, in my opinion.
So you want to take over for Letterman.
You want to host a late show on CBS.
Yeah, that's...
Well, here's the thing with that champ.
That's short for champion.
If you want to be a talk show host, it's better if you're funny.
Now, there have been some guys who are not funny.
Tom Snyder, David Susskind, Ted Coppel.
Damn, Ted.
But funny's better.
Now, have you ever had any experience with being funny?
Apparently David Lynch was very funny.
Yeah, I'm a comedian.
You're a comedian.
I've known you for a week, and you haven't maybe laughed once.
I had no idea you were a comedian.
I thought you were a newsman.
No, I'm not a newsman. I'm a comedian.
Jesus.
Well, all right, let's see it.
I think this is all...
See what?
See the funny. Make me laugh.
Go.
Go?
Go.
This is how it feels.
3, 2, 1, go.
I'm not that kind of funny.
What kind of funny?
The kind where you just say go and I'm funny.
All right, I think you better leave my office.
You're right, Lyle.
Jack, Mr. Delight.
This is my internal conflict at all times.
There's different kinds of funny, right?
There's different kinds of performers.
I'm not that...
I'll also say, just to pause it in the hopes that we don't get a copyright strike, although we probably will anyway,
David Lynch has hair very much in my family style of hair.
The older Blackwell men get, the more our hair just goes like...
My grandfather had hair much like David Lynch's, so...
And my grandfather was kind of a psycho.
So hopefully David Lynch is a little more...
A little more chilled out.
That kind of performer.
Lucy Kay is not a very good actor, you know.
You're whatever you have to be to make people laugh.
Any time, anywhere, anyone.
What's great about this scene is honestly neither of them are very good actors.
But David Lynch is on it.
This is just how David Lynch is.
So I think he's actually playing David Lynch quite well.
You turn it on on a dime.
You get that belly moving son, or you're out.
Now tell the truth.
You're just scared.
Like a rookie.
You're like some kid at a talent show with a number pin to your shirt.
You got nothing, or you would have shown me now.
So get out.
Thank you.
Have a nice day.
Fine.
The music's pretty good, right?
I can't, I can't, I can't give up on this.
I don't, this is either a door or a wall for me.
And it's either the beginning or the end.
I don't, I, please.
Okay then, let's see the funny.
Three, two, one, go.
Funny.
Can he do it?
This question everyone has to ask themselves.
I'm gonna start at one and go up.
One, two, three, funny.
Okay, last chance and then we're really done.
Done and done.
Yeah, I can think of a few things he might be considering doing too.
Let's see it.
Make me laugh at the count of three.
One, two.
You know what your problem is?
You're, you're just a pencil penis parade.
You just bought yourself another week.
Go home and get some rest.
That's been my experience basically with comedy for, you know, the last 15 years.
So pretty much sums it up honestly.
I'm not really kidding.
That's basically how it's been.
So glad I didn't watch this show.
Yeah, I mean, you know, I just showed you in my opinion.
It's crowning scene.
And with that, we close the door.
On Louis C.K. but leave our hearts open to David Lin.
All right, we're going to the movies today.
There's a, there are some, there are some good scenes in that show.
Honestly, it's a pretty good show from what I remember.
I remember liking it quite a bit.
But the memories, I'll be honest, they're a little bit tainted.
Farts are always funny.
I think desperation is always funny.
And desperate farts.
Not now we're talking.
Okay, well let's get into a little bit of news today.
It's good to see everybody.
Jen Rowe, Giggle Trash, currently working, psychor, Mr. Smith,
Doofus Knife Knot, case's brother, who by the way, if you didn't see the chat,
I had to get my own Netflix account.
My brother and I have been sharing a Netflix account.
Then when the change happened, I just took it because we were too lazy to switch the location services.
However, when I moved, the location services stopped working for me.
So now, bro, you got to take your, you got to take your Netflix account back.
This is the most important news of the day.
Still the Netflix, I was absolutely stealing my brother's Netflix baller.
That's our top story.
Let's get into the less important news.
It's time for whatever's going on in the world.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
You know what?
Just realized, I didn't, I didn't book any guests.
Just gonna see who can run in on short notice.
Sorry, I didn't do my co-inkers.
I didn't tell any of them to come to work today.
But I think I see some of them kind of wandering around confused anyway.
Uh, there we go.
Oh good, Sammy's here.
What the fuck?
I wasn't supposed to come to work today?
No, I just forgot to send an email about our highly scheduled stream.
We're on a Monday, Wednesday, Friday schedule now, Sammy.
So it's actually very well thought out now.
What are you claiming?
There's thought put into this.
It seems unlikely given what's happening on this screen right now.
It's looking fucked up to me.
What's up with that?
One second. Let me fix your world real quick.
Sorry, there was a wrinkle in time.
But being from Boston, New York.
Boston, New York. Boston, New York, New Austin.
You're from New York, and from New York.
Your vlog, Bloch.
Bruv.
There were only like 300 cable channels. What sometimes a thousand depending on your package and
The end and there was the internet as well. Okay, but it wasn't that good
So grow up wait, it's not your your sounds very similar
When I was growing up all there was
Was not quite Facebook yet, but then there was by the time I was in my late 20s or so and
Then we had to struggle every day
To when I was really young use dial up, which was a little slow, but then very quickly became cable internet honestly
Okay, anyway back in my day
Twitter was around by the time I was in my 20s. Okay, okay, so
Grow the fuck up. What's your point? My point is there's other shit to do
there's tons of other websites and
It's not that big of a fucking deal everything's gonna be goddamn fine. Let's just guess let's get it wait a minute
Tiktok's purveyes of creams and candy under threat from us ban you fucking kidding me
Did you make this shit up? No, this is coming straight from Reuters
This is a legitimate headline. I
Wouldn't make this kind of thing up Sammy
Tiktoks purveyes of creams and candies are under threat from us ban. Oh my god
First they came from my dance videos, then they came from my creams and candies
And now
I'm against it. Oh your pro creams and candies. Everybody needs a good old classic
Boston Bake
Boston Bates
Twizzler, Boston Bates, you know the old
bubble yum
Bubble bubble yum Hershey's kisses your discombining candies. Well, I'm just saying it's fucked up to go after sweet
So one of the few things we have is Americans and now we can't get them because the purveyors are gonna be so upset
All right, whatever. Let's see what's happening
So Supreme Court upholds tick-tock ban on national security grounds and small businesses and influences face major revenue loss
Some companies have contingency plans to shift to other platforms including YouTube and Instagram
I wonder how they came up with that business strategy. Oh, you mean go to the other platforms that have the
Tiktok like feeds they probably just looked at the options and then picked the two
Did the Supreme Court uphold the cream in candy's ban?
I hadn't heard of that one. Can I not have cream in my candies?
And how come my poke a hole through my
Hershey's kisses and then fill them up with whipped cream
I poke a hole through every Hershey's kiss I eat with a pencil and then I squirt a little whipped cream in there
That's I call them, you know
I call them a column woodpecker chocolates and I'm poking them with wood
Just keep that's not even never mind. Just keep reading
Tiktok's expected Sunday shutdown poses the biggest threat to the universe of small and medium-sized firms and
So-called influencers who depend on the short firm form video site for their livelihood while big brands are expected to move to other sites
Tiktok says its US sites generate billions for business holders selling candies beauty products clothes and other consumer goods
But now that the economy is under threat
Oh, but now that economy is under threat not the economy well part of the economy not that economy
So breechy says the return on investment with tiktok ads was so much higher than other platforms
Advertising on Instagram and Twitter. You're basically yeeting money into the void
Yeet
What's the movement for yeet? It's not this guy, right? It's not like the
What's that digging a hole not a like where you salute but
Was it that?
traffic crossing soldier boy
Yeeting is throwing okay, okay
Well, that sounds bad if it's coming after that economy which could be the economy
Tiktok says its US sites generate billions for businesses selling candies
Sweet sweet candies beauty products clothes and other consumer goods other consumer goods those two
even other consumer goods oh
Wow
Thank you for not cursing fuck you
But now that economy is under threat the Supreme Court on Friday unanimously upheld the law banning tiktok in the United States on national
Security grounds ahead of a blackout this weekend. Are they gonna go on a fucking bender? No, I mean it's banned. Oh, right
Watching what can the US tiktok users expect on Sunday?
After the app, okay, this is a confusing hodgepodge of ad text as marketing tool for businesses bite dances tiktok generates revenue for itself
And many of its users and merchants
Through sponsorships and by collecting fees on sales
Offering all the context you've need if you've never been on the internet. I didn't know any of this
Don't you have a tiktok account? No, I mean I have the one my kids set up for me and
The one I set up for myself
So you have to all I have is to as a marketing tool for businesses bite dance tiktok generates revenue for itself
Sorry, I'm any tiktok users a paid bibi brand ambassadors for companies. Is this stuff a lot of people know this is it's really running through the basics here
Okay, I guess I'll skip ahead
small media size food bevers and businesses which saw revenue increases by
4.1 billion in 2023 for marketing and advertising on the app
That seems like a lot seems like
Yeah, all of this seems like a big misstep and unnecessary
We're just gonna go to other stupid fucking social media apps
And it's not only it really benefits Americans that much that Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk now get all of our
user mind data instead of
bite dance
And technically again tiktok is a subsidiary of bite dance based out of I believe Singapore
Blah blah blah tiktok CEO
Shoozie Choo said in a video posted to the app on Friday that 7 million American businesses are in a living on the platform
7 million oh
Even seven I'd like all those poor seven people
Bold tie revenue to a bold the type of new to advertising
Yeah, does advertising work? Um, I don't know. I've never done it and none of the companies I've ever worked for did it either
And that didn't I'm not doing it doesn't work. So it maybe it does something
No one knows that's the trick
Well, why aren't we in advertising? I guess I could take some of these incredibly low rent sponsorship offers
I get for the stream and then I could spend a good 10 minutes talking about
Hello fresh
It's to interrupt the news so that I can get a sweet
$150 depending on how many people sign up. Oh my god
Those kind of numbers we're dealing with and yet I haven't pulled the trigger yet. Well, you got to negotiate
Well, actually that's such a fair price
$150. Yeah, that's honestly, I think that is pretty fair
Isn't that what Kendall does marketing?
So I occasionally I'll get like emails about like because I think if you just
Even use like stream elements you get like offers to market things, but they're all affiliate link based. It's like how you get payouts
Raid shadow legends. I've gotten an email from them before but it's like all mass emails
It's all mass emails where they're like if people click on your stupid links, you'll get paid
Honestly, I plan even if this stream were to get insanely popular, which I'm also not planning on
I don't think I'll ever take a sponsorship
What I did I did through the cream team
For a heart audio cables, but that's because I love heart audio cables
And Kassim knows that guy personally, but I have zero interest in promoting like ground news or whatever
Grinding up the fucking news. I'm not doing this for the money Sammy. Well, then why the fuck are you doing it?
That's a fair question, but it's not for the money
Too much of a less leftist that case. I just hate shilling like these fucking the same six companies that every youtuber is currently shilling
And it would be to like again it would be for just a
It would literally just be to say that I have a sponsor
I feel like like I don't need 200 bucks to take up 20 minutes of our time on this stream
Ground news is the competition. I can tell you what's liberally biased and what's
Uh, you know conservatively biased. Well, which one's this article?
This one actually on the on the truthiness meter is right down the middle slightly slanted left
Because it's Reuters, which I'm assuming people are going to claim a slightly slanted left as most news sites are that report things
in a slightly unbiased way
Which is more by I think Reuters is um
Reuters is like pretty straight, but but probably like gave a guy a handjob in college
But but they they don't even really talk about it
It's only a little bit left
Okay
For mama V's candy tiktok shop the e-commerce arm of bite dance video platform
Uh changed the trajectory of the business set owner. Okay, this is all pretty boring. Hey Kendall's here
Hello
Guys, it's Kendall. I need to get an applause for that
Wait, I have one
That's for you
Stop stop stop
Everyone stop watching case we're mad at him today. We're mad at him because in my dreams
In my dream last night
He left me at a concert
Because he didn't get enough tickets for this like special vip section
It was like a sexy vip section
And he left me for his like 20 other friends and our cats he brought our cats to like a rave concert
So like we're mad at him today guys
She has been mad at me for that all day
All day
Yeah, whereas look how supportive sammy girlfriend sammy's girlfriend has been
She's been great
Honey, I love you. I love you so much
But Kendall's
Still mad at me over my the the dream about a rave where I kicked you out of like the horny vip section
I love that
I love that a section. No, it was like, okay, so options now
Holy hell
I said we are mad at case
Have you heard for you Kendall?
He sucks are actually
Holy hell
Tam's trying just slamming ten community subs down in support of dream dream case getting cut into the vip section
How should Kendall punish dream case hella a high frame fed to the cats run him over they can sleep under the bed with the cat
That's gonna make you wait one through five is how you select any of those options
Oh
It's all happening right now. Oh my god
Kendall you do you want to be the hype?
Eyes are blue
That's my girlfriend that's the hype
Girlfriend
It does what's exactly like you die
You figured it out via the power of chuchu
It's bringing your girlfriend in the studio today apparently guys. Thank you so much for all the subs camp trends slamming ten in
out of nowhere
Coming through sliding into home base with the ten subs. Thank you so much tam friend dilemma. Thank you for the hundred bits
Apple to apple 100 bits skimer the 300 bits
President letting us know that has lacked act is to last back to to imprison me for dream crimes
We're gonna thank you for this community subs. Thank you so much for the community subs
What if the hype came partner was a completely normal friend?
Here's the myth
Just
Sorry, I think how do you have time to date our next one most of your time in hell
Matt Liddell, thank you so much for the tier ones
Tier I don't know why I never lit list what type of something is the tier one
I think if the gift itself to shape shifter
Uh, what this is wow that hype train popped off out of nowhere. That's how it works, man
I come in out of nowhere
Support me
They're supporting you
Trying to send me to hell
Uh anyone that has dreams like that is not a normal train
Now my dreams are beautiful
What are we talking? What's the big news of the day tiktok?
I think tiktok's kind of an unserious platform. I color me not impressed
You think you think it's not serious enough? I just don't think it's like a place for like real media
Well, there's a lot of adults feel that way. I'm a baby
I'm a cosmic baby train
The tics and the tux just get you sometimes
I still think it probably so the other news about tiktok
Uh, is that maybe trump will save it?
It's been left up to trump biden said i'm not dealing with this. I'm not enforcing the ban
Um, let's see if there's any trump tiktok band news. Okay this
This yes, there is but but who do I whose news do I click on?
No, we'll give cnbc a chance for once
I've trained you on a
Cover a little bit of news. No
Continue without supporting
Supreme court upholds tiktok ban, but trump might offer a lifeline
How
The supreme court on friday up hell below we know that
Like that says refuse to sell tiktok. We know that in a unanimous decision the supreme court sided with the biden administration
We know that
There's no doubt that for 170 million americans tiktok offers a distinctive and expansive outlet for expression
Wait a minute. I need some music. There is no doubt
That for more than 170 million americans
tiktok offers a distinctive and expansive outlet for expression means of engagement and source of community
The supreme court's opinion said but congress has determined that divestiture is necessary to address its well-supported national security
Okay, the music concerns regarding tiktoks data collection practices and relationships with a foreign adversary
The second part was a real come down from the first part
That's
security's important
He died
Dude just ran right in front of me
Feel like I got ran over by a train you did temporarily god damn
The timing the timing is always pretty beautiful
That train got sucked
Into the floor into a swirling pool of fire. Is that normal? Yeah, that's what happens every time he
looked like he was in pain. Yeah
Going to hell ever seen the movie send me to hell
was like that
But the train was getting sucked in instead of the lady
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about to be honest. Hmm
Well, don't worry. He'll be probably be back. Geez. Oh now we have to do the elan diablo poetry jam
Today I need to knock off one of these
many
Songs we have to do
So we'll see what we have time for I think it's
Salazar needs a theme song
who
Don't even worry about it sammy and the hype train now needs his own
He needs a different theme song. I've decided and chats decided by subbing
So it's also chance fault
So many side quests exactly shape-shifting. We're full of side quests today
anyway
Will trump save tick tock
Can you tell us sammy? I guess I can try uh
Supreme court justice sonia soda moira and neil goresh
Gorse gorsuk gorsuk
Sounds like a horny barbarian
Maybe maybe
Um
Oh, they wrote concurrences. Those are their concurrences ticktocks fate
in
Wait, where's where's my other thing?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My decision on tick tock uh in a post on social media app truth social. He's still using that. I thought he was off that
He kind of I think he kind of likes that. It's his own personal social media. That's really just for him
I guess that it's kind of nice and a post on his media app truth social trump wrote that the decision was expected and everyone must respect it
Oh
My decision on tick tock will be made in the not too distant future
But I must have time to review the situation stay tuned. So it's kind of
a quid
A quivoli quiver equivorating equivocating don't fucking correct me you fucking equivocating crump
Don't call me a crump. Sorry. That's too far. Trump began to speak more favorably of tick tock after he met February
Billionaire republican chef. Yeah
Yass joth
Ska-ska-pocalypse. Thank you for the 11 months
You do a pretty good tyler. Yeah, I hang out with tyler sometimes so I can really do a good impression of him
Yo, I'm tyler my I like to I like to buggy board down at the
Down at the ocean city
Whatever the kids do trump will be inaugurated monday
You know, this is full of a lot of pretty commonly known information, isn't it?
Did you know trump will be inaugurated?
Well, you heard it here first in a video posted on tick tock chew think trump for his can we see the tick tock to chew guy chew
We see the chew tick uh probably
Hmm, let's see. Let's see what the fearless leader of tick tock has to say
If any of these sites will just link to the actual fucking tick tock
Oh god, why is it so hard to
Okay, maybe it's on x somewhere on yaks
Formerly always knows the show here. Just okay. Here he is
I just wanted to share some thoughts with our us users about the disappointing vote in the house of representatives
There has been a lot of misinformation and I hope to clarify some things first
Thank you to our incredible community. You are what makes tick tock so special
Thank you for making your voices heard over the last few years
We have invested to keep your data safe and our platform free from outside manipulation
We have committed that we will continue to do so this legislation if signed into law
Will lead to a ban of tick tock in the united states even the bill sponsors admit that that's their goal
This bill gives more power to a handful of other social media companies
It will also take billions of dollars out of the pockets of creators and small businesses
It will put more than 300 000 american jobs at risk and it will take away your tick tock
We know how important tick tock is to all of you. It has given our wait a minute
This is making me feel like we got to do something democratically because it sounds like a lot of people don't want this to happen
What can we do case? It's just country's in democracy. We got let's do something. No, there's nothing we can do
Oh, okay
So we have invested 17 million users a platform to freely express themselves and has empowered more than 7 million businesses in the united states
Our platform matters to the small business owners who rely on tick tock to make ends meet
To the teachers who inspire millions of students to learn and to everyone who discovers and finds joy on tick tock
We will not stop fighting and advocating for you. We will continue to do all we can
Including exercising our legal rights to protect this amazing platform that we have built with you
We believe we can overcome this together. I encourage you to keep sharing your stories
Share them with your friends share them with your family share them with your senators protect your constitutional rights
Make your voices friends
parents
Maybe a senator to
Kind of snuck that one in there
He did a little bit
Just maybe a couple maybe maybe dm a couple senators
Do I have any senators phone numbers? No slide into there tick tock dms right before it gets banned
Ah, damn. There aren't a lot of politicians on tick tock
How are they gonna reach the young people? They don't give a shit
You won't you're good
It is hard for me to like
I don't feel like this is a good thing. I've said that a bunch of times
As somebody like doesn't like tick tock that much
Um and uses it very sparingly and almost never watches it
I'm too old and it hurts my brain because I have to flip through too many things
I'm more of a youtube guy. That's not better. No, it's really not any better
I can watch youtube more easily than I can watch tick tock and I suspect that's just because I'm old
hmm
Um, but I still think this is bad. I I don't know I don't
I don't think it's good to centralize power in the hands of even fewer social media companies as he was pointing out it is uh
Like he's mentioned the other week like china doesn't really allow us social media in their internet ecosystem
so it
it is
Not entirely unreasonable to
Then not allow their apps into our ecosystem
again, you could argue this isn't a chinese app, but
Clearly people see it as one
But I don't I just don't think I don't think there's any actual national security threat. That's completely made up in my opinion
um
Maybe not completely but exaggerated ridiculously and
I do think the only people this will really hurt are of course
bite dance and tick tock
But you know like they're pointing out just a bunch of people that actually have managed to monetize it in a way
Uh where it can help their businesses or give them like a personal brand that they can survive off so
Maybe an influencer economy is depressing, but it is part of the economy we're in and it seems like we're just attacking a bunch of them for
Incredibly dubious reasons to benefit essentially
to other social media companies
Never really like the idea of tick tock never got on board
Yeah, I mean I don't really think you have to even like tick tock to think that this is probably bad
Now's the time to make your own app bintock that was thrown out
Throw not as an option that shouldn't be taken
Well, I was thrown out as a as an interesting idea that I have no way to execute
Other than I guess I could use all my money to pay someone to do it
And be like look it's bintock and people are like what's that?
My five friends will be like what's that?
Never download it case talk
Will there just be there's got to be a couple acts called like apps called like talk tick and stuff, right?
Everybody's also fled to um, I believe the app is called red notice. Yeah, everybody's fleeing to the app red notice
um
I think it's sponsored by
Dwayne the rock johnson wonder woman and Deadpool
and um
Apparently it's been blowing up. It's the it's the number one app based film
and the main replacement to tick tock so
Go to netflix right now hop on red notice all the kids are doing it
I think what you do is you just sort of yell at your screen
Um, and it hears that and then it turns it into um ai dances
Yeah, yeah, I think that's about right or red tube is another great another great app
That you could try yeah, I I'm not gonna google that one because everybody knows that red tube is one of the top
Apps for the kids. Okay, Sammy. Don't say that. What it's not
um
I'm gonna go and I'm not gonna comment on that
Okay, in the last bit of internet news
um
I have not waited into the I don't actually know anything about this
Elon musk has been called beef
Let's see if kataku can explain it to us really quickly sammy. Do you want to talk about this?
um
No
Okay
Uh, does anybody want to talk about this I do oh god
I should not have put out an open call and yet you did and it's too late. Let me my music
Stop it
I everybody gets an intro. I don't get one
Well, if you find you talk about this thing this asmen gold
kataku beef
Not kataku. Sorry. Elon musk asmen gold beef over
Him faking his diablo characters. I really hope
Oh my god
It's getting caught on my throat. The sticky news is getting caught on my throat
It would be very funny if this is the thing that sinks elon musk like katers his remaining support
Is the gamer's just deciding
This is the bridge too far. Well, it depends how much was he faking it
uh elon musk and asmen gold fight over path of exile controversy
Uh
Path of exile two actually have you played it yet? I have not played a path of exile two
I do also appreciate, you know
It's it's getting your two enemies to fight
It's getting the starks and the barathians to fight when you're a lannister. Why are you claiming to be a lannister?
Aren't they the objective bad guys? Shades of gray everywhere. Tyrion's a lannister. Okay. Well, yes cases enemies asmen gold and elon musk are fighting
I don't think they can be your enemy if they have no idea who you are
Hmm. I have technically met and worked for asmen gold, but no, you're right. I don't think he knows who I am
And he never will if you're lucky. Yeah, if I'm real lucky
Uh elon musk and asmen gold a fight over path of exile two controversy
Elon musk much publicized gaming prowess has come under intense scrutiny in recent days
And he's not taking it too well. Let's emphasize how hard it is to watch you do anything, peter
You're really unpleasant to look at
How is that okay to say to me? It's that's crazy to say in the middle of me reading. It just really is
So you're just
It's really unpleasant to look at. Jesus
Thank you what for commenting on my appearance. I'm glad you noticed me
I don't think that's a positive way to spend it. Yes, it is. I'm just getting attention and me likey
The tech billionaire run followed twitch streamer and youtuber zack asmen gold hoit on x. Oh, that's how you start a beef
And proceeded to leak private dms
But between the two after hoit joined a chorus of gaming content creators calling musk a fraud
When it came to his alleged path of the exile to
obsession
You hate me more than crumb. That's the biggest insult of all. What did I do?
I think he just answered your own question
That's the whole story. Oh must recent claims of having one of the highest ranked characters and path of exile twos
Hardcore mode began to unravel as soon as he shared footage of himself playing the hit rpg in real time
Hardcore mode means your character dies another saying things everybody knows again
Means if your character dies even once they're once they're gone forever making achieving a high level like 97 not only intensely lengthy
But also very difficult
How could the ceo of multiple companies who is now also a close advisor to the incoming trump administration?
And constantly posting on social media pull off something like that
Well, he could be full of shit and not actually doing that much work
His one option or maybe his work is actually incredibly easy despite him claiming otherwise
But also he's probably hiring people and botting
Well, you don't know yet
Deve does this look like a guy who'd bot? Isn't he the most famous guy who wants bot everything?
Probably by paying other people to play for him says this article good guess case a common practice in games known as account boosting
Paying other people can't get a robot to do it. Um, and I guess maybe at hardcore mode. It's too hard
Fun story about me right before I moved to Chicago. I was like, I'm gonna finally
Um
I'm gonna finally beat hardcore mode in Diablo because I never did as a kid. I was like, I you know, I uh,
Not hardcore. I'm finally gonna make it to hell mode not even that hard
And I made it through the normal game and I was like never mind. This is too boring
But I said I would and I got a complete what I say
Well, so I figured out how to bot a Diablo character and then I in the basement. I would run a computer
Sorry, blizzard. You can't ban me. I would run a computer. Um playing Diablo 2 bots
Just all day for no reason. I didn't sell any of the equipment or anything
Um, but I found setting up the bot to be way more fun than playing the game
And it was really satisfying honestly checking in on the progress of my bot and seeing all of the sweet loots that you would collect
It was a hammered in he would just be running around fucking Baal's kingdom
Shitting out hammers all day and teleporting and everyone's while I'd check in to be like, oh, we got another soj
I don't know what you're really talking about, but I do think whatever you just said you should be punished for
I'm a fucking nerd
Get your hand out of here. You get your hand and face
Out of my face. What does that even mean? It actually kind of makes sense
We're trying to do the news at least, uh, that was one conclusion reached by other Path of Exile 2 players. Well, where's this footage?
Including stream is casual Crip and quint, uh, quinn 69 tv Crip. Oh my god Crip in the national news
I watched I used to watch Crip play Hearthstone while falling asleep. I haven't as much recently
Because I just ran out of steam, but that is so funny. I've watched hours of Crip complain about the game Hearthstone
Uh, so it is very funny to see him
associated with like a national controversy. Okay, let's let oh my god, okay
I got we got to watch at least some of this Crip video of him breaking down like it's been too long
Since I paid homage
to my rage daddy Crip
React to quinn reacting to elon playing
His totally wait a minute. We're getting a string of reactions. We're gonna get Crip
Reacting to quinn reacting to elon
With my face also on here
I've well the end of the chain there is pretty rough, but it's 40 minutes. We can't watch the whole thing
But we'll see we'll see what's happening
self-made character
Let's let's watch this
Did 20 minutes jesus he's got the same reaction stuff as you
I want I just want to see what uh, what it's what level is this? Oh, I'm blocking Crip. We got into the other view
Is he actually playing hardcore? All right, okay, he's strong. Okay, so I'll add a little bit of context so
Elon, okay like the
the near trillionaire elon
the
spending his time trying to mess with
many world governments
actively and currently that
He's kind of summarizing the news more efficiently than uk's
You know Crip doesn't miss man. He spends all day honing these opinions while playing hearthstone battlegrounds. He knows what's up elon
allegedly
Allegedly
Has been playing on hardcore in pad of exile 2 nearly every waking moment
And they know this because in pad of exile 2
There's a lot of api tools to search when characters are being played and how much experience they're getting and all that kind of stuff
And not only is he playing pad of exile 2. He's playing on hardcore
And is currently one of the highest level hardcore characters in the game
Totally his own character
Absolutely
What's that?
Oh, yeah, and apparently
Uh, the login data shows that he's playing from asia. So he's
He's also using a vpn to play through that's just because he wants to play where the best play
I mean, sorry american gamers, but let's be real the asia servers are where the best
Are where the best go to wrestle
asian
workers
To asia stretch
While in the you know, not asia parts of the world
Clearly this is so legit
Absolutely totally real
gameplay
Normal behavior
All right, so with that context, I don't I only saw a few seconds this video. I don't actually know what happened
I just saw elan's character bumping into a wall
Clearly someone who'd never played this game before but okay, let's let's see. All right
All right, all right. Oh big huge huge huge juice through t15 maps and i did gear in his bag
Oh, he's cut. He's going. Oh shit. How are gloves bro?
He must be
So these gloves give you like absolutely
This is one of the most broken items in the game. It gives you lightning damage based on your int
Oh, no, but it gives it to you in such a huge amount
You literally can just punch your way in one shot the hardest bosses in the game
So he's got three charms pretty crazy. I don't know if this is ssf though. I don't uh, I just is it ssf
Which you gotta know about diablo
Is this all of this stuff?
Is basically the same shit you've had since the beginning of the game
And you look only marginally different and you're doing the same attacks, but you know the numbers are bigger
And that's what makes it beautiful
Elan's map
Wait, why did elan even post this or how did anybody get hold of this and why hello whatever?
Yeah, I I I totally normal behavior
Name my own tabs with krip. It's not the currency tab. It's krips currency krips maps
Totally normal behavior here guys
Absolutely nothing to see out of the ordinary whatsoever. I'm gonna take krips word for it that that's weird
What about the master the inventory bro?
Like what you got a bunch of tea 16 maps pretty crazy
What about the mass in his inventory?
He's trying to click it's gray out
Oh, he's trying to do the map that's not in the chain
He's so if you're not familiar you have to chain your maps
The ones that are green are completed the ones that have a bright glow
Are the ones that you have to click on to do which are connected to the green ones
Wow in elan's defense all of that made my head hurt slightly even though I do get it. I'm like, oh, no
that sounds so annoying
The fact is the fact his map isn't like queued up in a different menu so he can't click on the thing
Does make me slightly relate to elan being like
But he should know that if he's fucking grinding this 24 hours a day for sure
So he apparently clicked on this a few times. He's not played this wazzy
I don't think he has he's not played this game wazzy
He's 100 getting piloted. He isn't what he's got the master of the inventory. He went out and wrote a map
So what level 96 has died at possession 20 position 20 on the ladder, so it's
It's really tough
I would have taken a long time to get to level 96 and that player would have been very good
I'm sorry rasty girl like the game like actually mentions like this. I swear
This won't be the first time I watch a 40 minute video on stream
Although I've never actually watched Diablo. Oh, sorry. I've never seen poe2
Um, so I'm also like, oh, what's going on with this game when people die on the hardcore ladder
Excellent
What the hell wait, there's no he was just clicking a map repeatedly trying to access it and it was clearly not
Like he was not eligible to enter that map
Also, his son's just let me let me see his let me see his character
I can't find like a public profile of the character damn see if he ever gets into the game
AI and then doke coin and then he logs out make sure I'm paying attention here level
He's gonna level he's cooling at a level
You just click the map device again. Is he trying to go to fortress again?
He already opened it
Dude dude, he doesn't know to click on the portal. You need to engage like this with this character
And you're just doing this just click the portal bro. There's literally no way okay. I mean unless he's starting to second attempt
He clicked the portal. There's so many
There's so many dudes on your screen right now
two of whom know what's going on
And then one one voice that doesn't go on elan's and then me who also has no idea what's going on
Doing here is just boosting my shield before battle his shield by a meditation. So a little
Meditation before battle is always good
Streaming is hard. You know, I get it boosting my shield before battle. It's energy shield, you know, or nitpicking maybe
Okay, that's a little
Okay, um, it's energy shield elan. You know, that sounds like you know
How to play the character step one use meditate to boost your energy shield. It is a lot of noise
See that banks by spray you made you bags
I don't believe his default class now
I don't believe his default character. I think he's got a seat full of completely piloted bro. I think the same thing with that
P. O. A. I think what I can't tell this is a pilot they count fully into a while
Character wise that's obviously sick. It's one of the highest level characters in the game right now and a lot of
Gigafring people with too much time on their hands play pewee. So obviously it has to be a sick character to be near the top of the ladder on hard
Character is very strong popping the bell. That's a nice sound. That's nice ring to it
He likes the ring to the bell
same
chaos or no loose filter like
He's just ranked by scassobs. He just ran by scassob. I guess that's bad
Chaos orbs are one of the most important currencies and they're also really rare
Like currently I also play solo self found
Um, I have about 140 exalts and I pretty much exalt everything like I use them a lot
I have like nine chaos orbs
Just so you guys understand. All right. Yeah, so he's playing no loot filter
So those chaos orbs look like wisdom scrolls and in the default game. Yes
Loser's been out for two weeks now
I feel like we're listening to a stream in a different language
But I think we've seen enough were you convinced peter?
Um
Was it the is lightning bad?
That was your takeaway. Is lightning not is he bad for using lightning? Should he be using like
plasma
He he ran past the chaos orb peter
And he shouldn't have
He's a liar. This is the last straw. He's not grinding that character for real
He's put and it's it is honestly really
It's really fucking weird. I do believe based on these people reacting to it. That's something odd is of course going on
um, it is very funny that
He would bother with any of this and it really is it's pr
I guess I guess it's actually for him important pr to a certain section of the internet that he's like a real gamer
So this could erode elements of that support for instance
I'm guessing your average asman gold viewer is in the vicinity
Of someone who potentially some portion of that audience could potentially be an elan musk fan
So the fact that he's losing asman gold
Could honestly be kind of bad for his
already very odd public profile
Uh, what will elan
grind come
January 20th
great question
Lay off the game more children 23 children himself trump and our hopes and dreams into dust
Lay off the game
Uh, what will he grind?
Trump is something he's currently grinding. So I guess there's no reason to think he'll stop
Our hopes and dreams into dust. No chat. Don't give it to him
The chat's sorry chat's letting us know
What's up?
And apparently it's our hopes and dreams
They're getting ground. Oh man
Not all right. He's running past all of our chaos orbs. He's not picking up any of them. No need
Not when you can just probably buy one
It's also like elan musk is okay. That's our hopes and dreams. Unfortunately
That's what he'll be grinding after january 20th
Couldn't he just buy a character? He probably did. I mean
He's elan musky. It's like one of the richest people on the planet. He's super well connected in the tech sphere
I'm sure he could just contact blizzard and be like, hey, can you just give me a good character?
Or sorry, whatever the path of exile developers who I don't even know who they are
Anyway, I'm glad krip made his way into international events
And um is doing his part to damage the public profile of one of the richest men on the planet or some would say the richest
Isn't either richest?
I'm just always a little uh credulous incredulous
credulous
about um
How forbs calculates the wealth of some billionaires?
I think there's some moneyed interests that remain a little bit hidden in our country. But yes, he's absurdly wealthy and
All of this is a little ridiculous. But why would he even out himself? He doesn't need to stream it
Or he could just have someone play it for me. He's not even on cam
Because he's a real gamer that when he plays when he's gaming case
He's a real gamer
The company that made poe2 is not majority owned by tenson
But I just mean, you know
I'm sure if elan musk really wanted to
He could marshal all of his money and influence
To get himself a high level path of exile character
But you see he seemingly could also marshal his money and influence to do a competent stream
Which frankly he couldn't do at various points during the 2020 2024 presidential election
Technically a major politician announced their presidential campaign on his stream and he couldn't get it together for that either
So I guess why would I assume he could get it together for?
Well, and also I'm calling ron to santa's a major candidate, which is a bit of a stretch
But I don't know why I would assume that he could get it together for this
Well, look, uh, don't yuck other people's yum yummy gaming time. He's busy doesn't get to game that much
And he wants to save her every minute
By reacquaining himself with the maps that he's supposedly grinding every day
To then not I guess pick up the most valuable items that are the whole reason you're grinding the dungeon
It is also I know that there's definitely some skills required to like play these types of games at a very high level
But
It does always just look like
You leveled up the click button to now do more damage because that is at a base level what's happening. So
To be like I'm incredibly good at like the oblo or path of exile
It just functionally it it looks splashy and colorful, but it never looks
That impressive. It just looks like you're clicking on monsters with a really high level attack
But it requires a lot of work to get to that high level splash lightning damage
Unless it's bad
You don't even know what you're talking about. I'm up front about that
I the only game I play is flappy bird still
It's coming back really because I've been having to hack it from an illegal
Singaporean server
Singapore has enough problems right now. I've and I've had enough of you Peter to get out of here
Okay, I'm being banished back to my wall, but to me that's like a sweet
A sentence of go hang out with my best friends aka the 200 rats in case his walls. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Oh
A lot of news covered there guys
We're doing news
I have sprayed the walls
Not only is Peter rat
Poison resistant apparently he's made the rats that way too. He's like their general
And he keeps them safe and I don't know what to do about it
But I do know that I need to thank bonsai bullfrog for the 26 months in case I didn't
Who says he has 14 kids that he isn't raising. He has to game to ignore them
Yeah, that's true
Awesome seeing comments reminds me
What are my own commands?
Uh ash master
The master himself ash. Thank you so much
Uh gifting three subs
Count them three three months tier one sub to sporophyte appear. I appreciate it three months
Basically three subs
Uh, thank you so much ash
What was I gonna do? Oh, yeah, okay. Wait, what are my sub?
Okay, yeah exclamation point C
Let's you put comments on screen. Does that even still work?
Is that a thing that you can even still do?
Okay, it is
In case any subs ever want to you can also send a comment by typing exclamation point C
And then putting a comment on screen
Just like that
Boom
Nope says skimer
Or it's it's fair. You don't have to use it
but also
Comments on screen says psychor and and you're getting it
But would you also believe
Elon is a fake gamer. See now we're getting into the hot opinions and also
Hoop ray silva
Is that something you're doing or something you want?
Because I'm technically not visible from the waist down
Case should stream more
I am trying to at least stream more regularly like on a regular schedule which this week
I'm technically done
Monday Wednesday Friday. It's my new mantra. I'm gonna repeat it to myself as I go to sleep
Jail dream case mr. Smith. I just don't know if dream case
Counts as me. So I don't know if it'd be in support of that or not
It's you
It's dream you
Are you responsible for things you do in your dreams pipito?
Yes, because I live them out as soon as I wake up
follow your dreams
And to do them immediately. But you wake up to start doing whatever you dreamed
Who knew you could do this says greg to you
probably
Case never mentions it to probably most people didn't
also
What's in tarnation says melody von torture
And that's
Is that what's in tarnation? I think that's what's in tarnation is a little bit of
I
Will Tony the cat chase out the rats and Peter
Tony Tony is very active as someone who keeps an eye on Tony Tony all the time
the cat cam
Currently she's staring into her
Bedhole
That she refuses to she's she on the moot. She gonna head out
She's
Laying down. It's pretty normal cat cam stuff
So the answer is maybe no she's not leaving the bed
A pipito for supreme leader
I don't even know if i'm gonna run for president. That's what people say when they're gonna run for president
I don't even know if I want to do that run for president
Then you're running for supreme leader, which I guess you could just say you are okay, then I am
Uh, we've been trying to reach you about your car insurance
Case I have a car
I think that comet was for me
And uh, please hit me up all state
I do think I need you in order to drive legally in california. So if I'm done anything wrong
I need to know about it. I'm sure you have done something wrong chase
You're gonna keep doing this for a minute kind of fun. His dream is to be a dog
Because he's a dog. I do dream about being a dog
sometimes I do dream about being um like a
Like a bunch of grass in a pile
You can't do that. No, I'm gonna wake up and I make my dreams come true. I eat a bunch of grass until I'm that
Is papita still trying to eat the cats
No
Stop saying in that way
I'm not dreaming to eat the cats
You know, I'm gonna get very good. What are they doing right now? I'm not gonna eat them
I
Still doing nothing
They're smart. They know not to leave the bed. No, I want them to leave the bed
We're actually gonna block off the bed soon. So this might be the last stream. We have the cat camp
we're planning to for the time being at least putting a
Cardboard wall around the bed, which is gonna be ugly as shit. So I'm hoping we don't have to do it for too long
Um, because apparently after consulting some cat experts, it's bad to let them stay under there for too long
Um, they like need to be basically they need to be socially challenged to
Move out of their comfort zone. No, let them let them do them case
Stop trying to force your cats to eat your friend
But they but they should be able to free roam. They're just under a bed all day. It's so sad
We should convince Elon everyone really likes sk a again to see him crash and burn trying to play trombone
on live tv
Oh scott. You thought that was an acronym? I thought it was an acronym for like
So cool awesome cool with a k making it extra cool
Well, that could be the acronym for scott because it is so cool. I don't think scott's bat case
I don't know much about music
Because I cannot put my teeth on it ham tarot. Oh, he's for supreme leader. Yeah, I vote for ham tarot
who rule us
Have we talked about justice alito and the articles on porn hub? Whoa? No
Oh, that's pretty juicy. We do have a couple segments to get to I we also got a request for um
Uh
From giggle trash for an expert on how to deal with having 14 kids
Who's an expert on that?
Well, I guess it's dealer's choice. We got to find an expert on for on having 14 kids
Hmm
I don't know what to reach out for for that
But I mean, I guess we'll try justice alito porn hub that that can come up after these other segments
But pito is a sweet baby who I defend with my life. That's what I like to hear. I'm close enough to a baby
All of us were babies at one point. So it's accurate to say baby in the sense of at one point we was
How old are you?
We's not a baby. We's we's a baby. Why you said you're not we's not a we's a baby
Are you golemming out on me? No
We's a baby
He's going golem mode for some reason
Uh chat sometimes need to be socially challenged. That's what this new chat command is about
We're moving you we're socially challenging you. We're moving your comfort line up a few paces
To put your comments on screen. We have the magic smoke. Where does papito think fiona is right now?
Oh my sweet
Okay, he's probably about to pick me up. You still think she's coming to pick you up. Yeah, she'll be
She's busy
Get off the onus balls case
She's fucking doing stuff. So be here soon to pick me up. Yeah fine if that's
That's what you believe
It's not just what I believe it's who I am. I feel attacked. It's got apocalypse. I think you're so cool. Awesome with a k
Plus apocalypse, which is also cool. The apocalypse is cool. Apocalypse means rebirth case
It's been misconstrued to always mean doom
I think it means like rebirth through doom. Well
Let the cats have a slumber party at papito's dog house that should fix their social anxiety. I agree
Oh, is there some movement in there? Is there a little bit of movement going on? Double the cat cam
Double the cat cam. I don't see uh, I don't see any movement too much movement on these transitions
Mmm, okay
I'll do two more and then we'll and then we'll do a segment fine crumb pretty fire come pretty please fire crumb
Yeah, do that
He's got a really complicated contract. I I could get it done probably but it would be a fair amount of work
Fiona went off for cigarettes and left papito. Well, she needs cigarettes
What she's supposed to smoke her hair
There's other things you could smoke and and she doesn't have to smoke. Well, that's why you don't get Fiona case
Hello, okay, so it's crumb. Please don't fire me. I owe money to dangerous people. Well. Yeah, I mean tell me not a person
music playing gorilla
And that is on you crumb
But maybe munch will help you out
I mean he did say he would give you 180 000 if you'll give him exactly what he wants and
I'm not even entirely clear what that is
Yeah, just borrow the money from munch. I can't see that going wrong in any way
Okay, that's it for questions for now. We'll do more later. You can stack them up and send them over whenever but for now
We are gonna send you all the way
To a movie theater with a guy
Is that how that works? I mean, that's how it works. Okay
Where's the other button?
Oh, there it is
What some weird producing happening around here, whatever
Yeah, it's your boy critt. I'm not criss. Yay. I'm criss. Fuck. I misspoke. It's your boy trint
You think you're me? No, I'm not that's not canon. I'm not you
I never said it was
God damn. I'm trint
I'm obviously at the movies basically 100% am
all right
And my pro officer chris is here is fucking throwing me off immediately about
Me mugging my ass behind me. I can feel your eyes on me, dude, and it throws me off and I think that's fair
I'm not I'm not future
I'm now
How could I be from the future?
Quit trying to muddy the waters and act like you're me. It'll never be me
Even though I know you want to be you'd love to be young and hot like this, but it's over for you old man
I never said I'm chris. I'm that I'm trint from the future. I've never said I what wait
I never said I'm isn't trint from the future. God. He's just trying to confuse you guys. He's not me
I don't suck like him
Time has a funny way of changing people young blood may make it a more reasonable more handsome a little more socially adjusted
You don't even sound like me. We sound pretty similar
No, you sound
Bigly different at least
This is supposed to be a huge day because the fucking
twitch the
The switch trailer dropped
Which people will be playing on twitch saved it and I want to know what's up with the next thing that I can like
Probably plan an airplane or on my tv
Revolutionary shit. Let's see how the switch two is looking
Okay, Nintendo
It looks the same dude. This is bullshit. What the fuck?
What?
So many but time so much goo
Yeah, I think this is just an upgrade. This is the process of upgrading your switch one. Oh my god. They can race themselves
Oh, that's blue too
Okay
Oh, why are you card?
Wait a minute. It still goes in a fucking carrying case thing
I thought the big innovation was gonna be
I'll be real. I thought they were building up to the big innovation being you don't need that fucking
Thing the fucking home base
and you just like
Plug it directly into your tv or something or
Or maybe it's wireless. So, you know, I saw he's like jamming in that
Jamming in that thing
If you make the dock wireless you introduce lag. That all makes sense. So it is just a bigger switch
It's just a slightly bigger switch
Here's
Here's the switch one
Here's the switch. It's just a nintendo. We
But thinner
Not the we the the one after it
The we you
They've returned to the we you it's a hundred percent a switch
What's two I guess the two is it's
Two centimeters longer
switch you
No one bought a we you. Yeah, so they're just running it back
Now the we you is different. That was a controller
Attached to a system thing
This is a system that is the controller if anything. It's more like a psp. Nobody even knows what that is, dude
It's always been a psp
What the fuck are you it's like are you trying to talk about psychics right now? What are you even talking about?
The we you had tech and so the we you is better. I mean, I guess why not just run it back with a
Doesn't that better graph graphics? Do we care about that anymore?
I've never cared about graphics. I think bubble ghost had incredible graphics bubble ghost
Yeah bubble ghost for the original game boy. I thought I'd express him in beautiful graphics
It only had two colors and about 10 pixels and they got it done
But whatever. I mean, I I'll probably get it because
It's like a it's a video game
So it is it it is a video. It's got video games. Yeah, it's a video game. So I'll probably get it
Bubble ghost was great. Thank you for the support
Not enough respect on the bubble ghost name
Have they ever made that again?
There's there's been any attempts to
Revitalize bubble ghosts. Of course there have been
Dear Heinrich, I thought wait a minute. This is recent
There's a bubble ghost remake that has been dropping trailers as soon as it was recently as a month ago
I'm an executive choice. I have to we have to watch this
What I hope this letter finds you
I'll give you a shit about bubble ghost
I hope you return soon
Reimagine to have glasses. Can you always have glasses? I kind of like this more. Whoa, this looks sick
Oh the demo is already available
Wait a minute. How the the original one looked kind of kind of crazy
Well, I guess am I agreeing with Chris for once? Yeah, the original had a superior looking bubble ghost
That's not just nostalgia talking. I must be correct
Uh, well, are you is that pure the selfie?
Whoa, nope
Sometimes they really did know how to do it better back in the day. I guess you win this round for months, Chris
I'm telling you original bubble ghost
pumping ass tunes
cool ass ghost
I don't know why they gave them glasses made them look like a chunk
You wearing glasses. I'm wearing
I'm nothing against glasses. I'm saying they made them look like a chunk. Yes. I'm wearing
These are prescription indoor sunglasses prescription indoor sunglasses. I do have not the greatest vision
And I sense it advice so I like it dark
This version that version really blows dude
absolutely
All right respect. I see what you did there
classic game stream
We do need a new sub goal
A christen Trent bubble ghost marathon
Does that have to be a marathon? How long do we have to play this? It's how we beat it. I'm assuming
We're old game short. I mean
It weren't that long, but they sometimes were
Really hard for no reason
to extend the length
How long would it take us to beat bubble ghost?
Play the horde
whoa
3d os the horde
Yeah, let's play 3d os the horde
All right, we'll just we'll make the next sub goal. I'll do it now. It'll be a christen Trent game stream
Probably happening on one of the days where we don't do these news streams
That was the other point to do it on a monday wednesday friday schedule a little birdie told me is occasionally
We could sneak a stream in on tuesday and thursday. That's not news
while still maintaining
Regularly scheduled programming of whatever this is
So this could work out perfectly. All right, uh, just to do one sec
over
Sorry, I have to put on my
Oh, I already have my glasses on. What are you talking about? I guess I have to put on my glasses to do this, but I'm I am already wearing them
Okay, um one second. Nobody's sub real quick. I gotta do this
chris trint gaming
We'll just say 25 will get us there
Give case a little bit of time
Just set that up
Okay
Boom sub goals. They're just that easy. Thank you chat
Maybe play scared pools sometime. Oh sacred pools
Shit, we're supposed to play that with theona. That needs to happen
It's on a list of things to do with theona that need to happen
All right. Well two other trailers need to happen
Hmm queen of the ring
Whoa, who's the queen of the ring?
Let's find out march 7th
And also right now with his trailer
Oh, honey, I have that dream only dreams that we may come true. Are we we're gonna wish away
All those bad thoughts one two three
Well, it's incredible. I promise you my son
Our lives together will be special
Where's your little boy's father anyway, mr. I ain't gonna marry no circus freak. He done left me over this
Billy walk. I'm really curious to see what you can do with her. You barely know him
He's the only man that's ever believed in my dream
We got a job to do tonight. You're out there. You wrestle your heart out
Rattall
Who's this?
Take all the rat moves
movie John
Where we can hay line arenas. I know that we can
I want to talk to you about putting two of my girls on your car. My main event is heavyweights and then main
Oh, why would anyone want to limit the spectacle of competition based on gender?
Looks like we're cleaning up every night of the week now. It's got me thinking Billy
I want to secure as equal part
Then do what's right for business
Honor the dealer we shoot oh shit
AW wrestlers do what I say
Or you will find yourself cleaning toilets in some arena after my show comes through
Mom all the tickets you two ever sold had your name on holler timothy shallowman
Mr. McMahon, how can I get a guarantee that my ladies can wrestle in the state of new york?
Let's show them how we do it in the south. Oh, mcban's union appearance
That's sammy's ain't you come on get up. Remember
One yeah, that might have been corned. All right
I'm actually the highest paid female athlete in washington
in history
Who I kind of missed the part where they said who that?
Whoa, what the fuck?
Sorry a video game donkey
Things started playing right away
One second i'm uh, no, no, i'm not gonna bother with it there, man
But to fix this the tear in this seat, but we'll just say there
Was that there were so many wrestlers briefly appearing to do a stunt
That's the real appeal of that movie to me is being like holy shit. Was that all sigler for two seconds?
I didn't see doll sigler in there. Yeah, but maybe he'll show up or something, you know
Oh my god, was that billy corrigan?
The smashing pumpkins owner of
Which one is the nwa you idiot? Why do you know what nwa is? I just I know about the smashing pumpkins because
I've seen um
I've seen the watchman. So, you know, I'm
Then I looked up who they were
Okay
paradise the
Second official trailer
This is a hulu original
About politics
We'll round out with this today for whatever reason
Let's see what hulu's got for us in the world of trenchant political commentary
Asian carlins come on in when I became president
First thing I asked was about the secrets these two hands were to be aliens
Who killed jfk out of every one of my detail the only one I really trust
I'd like to talk to you about the future
Of what?
You're about to be entrusted with top secret national security information
Should you wish to proceed you will be one of the few privy to this information at this stage
Do you wish to proceed you're gonna want to hear this?
Uh, you're gonna want to hear this
You're married, right? I love you, baby. Yes, sir. Yeah kids
Yes, sir, uh girl named chrestley and a boy named jane
No, no, no, please don't take a mean, please
Do you have any more?
I'd love to but
No, sir
Definitely a very
Very smart move
Something bad's happening, but I can't tell what
Murder it was president murder
Call it in our people only
Now important people are very upset. They've got questions. You were the last person to see the president alive
Did you kill him?
No
Xavier
It's a party. You happy that cal is dead
Just from the press
That's all I'll pick up. That's all I try to pick up girl. He said if something should happen to him
I should find you everything's gonna be looked at from here on out
They're about to tell everybody that cal died of natural causes
The president loved you the relentless man
Who never stopped
I see you may have loved his family
Children are worth protecting
We have a functional system in place
You need to be this alone
Baby, I need you to do exactly what I asked right now
My fellow americans you're aware of the situation we now face. I am dead and I want to tell you the truth
I don't know what to do
Hey, you do. Did he fake his death?
What aren't you telling me?
That I'm dead
Stop not telling me that I'm dead that you're dead. I didn't quite track the conflict
The president dies and he's being investigated. Yeah, but then the president was alive again
It's because it's they're showing different moments in time
I don't like
Bi-linear film
Bisexual filmmaking non-linear filmmaking. Oh, that's what I meant to say. I actually like bisexual filmmaking
Okay
Well, that's all the time we have for today. That's um
That one's a series
I thought it was a movie because they had like the vibe of a movie
It does seem like if a series is based on like one
Plimactic event like a president dying. It doesn't seem like the kind of thing that would be a movie, but
I guess it's a series. Yeah, whatever series and movies are like the same thing now. That's not true
No, that's pretty much true. So it's all the time we have today. You've seen three movies today. Actually it was
One series trailer and then a bunch of video games. Yeah, like three movies or some shit
That's all the time we have you know, you saw stuff. So you do in fact know what it is. We'll see you soon
All right
The twist he becomes the bubbleghost. I do think james marzden is slightly too handsome to be president
We've had okay looking presidents
The fact that jfk is the most handsome president
Is like really more commentary on how handsome our presidents are. That's saying he's a bad-looking guy
But he's not james marzden
If I was president
Even looking like jd vance
I think you could argue on one of the better-looking presidents and that's not a compliment to me
Maybe clinton it's hard to see clinton is like a handsome guy
Given some of the
We'll call them be generous and call them rumors about him taft. Uh-oh was taft hot
Taft, let's like you look at all the presidents and figure out who's hot
um pictures of all the presidents
There's gotta be one of these right? I need it big though
I need a big mode picture of every president
That's not all the presidents
This is only some of the presidents. Oh wait. No, this is all the presidents. Okay
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah now we're talking. All right
washington
kind of hot
jefferson, okay, this guy adams no
jefferson
Hey, kind of hot
but you know
Owning slaves kind of knocks it down a couple pegs in the hotness
Makes you makes you more so not hot
James minn row. Give me a break. Looking weird as hell. James Madison supposedly kind of handsome. I'd say
Looking looking odd looking like a slab of looking like a brick
Andrew Jackson, maybe was hot in his 20s. But by the time he was president not hot
martin van buren
Sort of hot in a daddy sort of like an extreme daddy kind of way maybe
William Harrison just too busy dying in a pool of shit
John tyler not hot james k poke one of the least hot zackery taylor. Let's face it not hot
mildred millard filmore
We really gonna pretend he's hot franklin pierce. No
james u cannon. No
lincoln
a little hot
pretty tall too
johnson
Not hot grant. He might have been an alcoholic, but let's face it
I take it back. He's pretty hot
Hayes hard to tell the beard's real thick if you like a long beard pretty hot same for garfield chest or arthur
Gonna pass i'm sorry grover cleveland
Nah
Benjamin harrison nah grover cleveland again
pass
Johnson looks like sam looks like nom cases brother
I think my brother looks more like rutherford b. Hayes to be honest
Actually rutherford b. Hayes if you had really long hair
Looks quite a bit like not not cases brother and a slightly less gray beard
uh william mckinley
No, two two just a spark plug
Just a thumb just a thumb man
Smoke back so if you had a great stream. Thank you so much for the raid
You'd buy a soul album from a rutherford b. Hayes, but what do I know?
Okay, I'll give it to hayes
I'll give it to hayes. It's kind of hot. He's following up grant. So this was the hot era of the presidency
rosavelts
More sexy than hot
taft
Taft was the argument. Okay taft looks a little bit like prime john goodman
So he gets a couple points there woodrow wilson looks like he's pure snm
Like he looks like he's ready to purge in some latex
If you know what I mean
Because I don't know what I mean orangey harding kelvin coolidge urbitt hoover. They're all mid
Franklin d rosavel
Even in the chair a little bit hot i'll give it to him harry truman nope eisenhower
Absolutely not. I'm sorry eisenhower. Kennedy as we explained
Often considered the hottest president after seeing grant and even hayes
I'm gonna actually say he's not anymore. I take it back
Johnson
It landed me johnson supposedly had a huge. I think he's the one who had an absolutely huge hog
So you can move a couple points up or down depending on your taste there
Um nixon
No
jerald for
He's
Looks like someone drew the quaker oaks guy wrong. I'm gonna say no carter
He had the voice
Ronald ragan technically a movie star, but I just i'm gonna say not hot
George bush. No clinton debatable, but you know, maybe a sex criminal. So we'll pass
George w bush
When played by josh brolin obviously kind of hot
Let's look up young george w bush
Actually, let's be careful and not look that up while while googling
Because maybe there's just a photoshop of a naked george w bush or something weird
Okay, young george w bush
I could see some people calling this
Uh, it was always rocking unibrow a little bit
Really letting the unibrow encroach there seems like a real dumb party boy
What the hell
That's bush senior. I think
Looking stiff as fuck
Already ready to get recruited by the cia
Let's round on our list though
This is important work. We're doing
Obama kind of hot. I'll give it to him donald trump
Obviously not biden
Looks like a skeleton now. Let's look at young joe biden
Because let's be real
The biden's kind of put out hot fuckboy energy just a little bit
And I think that there's a reason for that and that reason is they're serving a little bit
The young bidens are serving
Based on his son probably rocking a bit of a hog as well
Who the hell is this?
Is that young joe biden?
What the fuck?
That's kind of ridiculous
All right, well, maybe biden if you could put but if you could put biden in the
You know de ageing goo and maybe biden's actually secretly the hottest
Gen Z biden seriously. I can't believe that's him
And yeah, I can't believe how much it how much he looks the same. Is that really him?
Oh, it's it's like people uprising that picture. So he is a little extra smooth probably
Rockin a hog is that slain for smoking cocaine with your penis? I can't confirm
What we really need to discuss is who's the hottest first woman. All right
All the first women
damn it
There isn't as easy enough
Stack of photos of every single one of them
Oh, all the first ladies might get it for me though
Every first lady. All right, now let's get to the more controversial
section of this
Deciding who's the hottest first lady?
Very scientifically by scrolling past them quickly with this low res photo
Ava was co-eva's co-worker hot. All right. You can't see him very well. I can't even really read their names
Because this photo's too there's got to be a higher res photo of this. This is actually I can't even do it
I can't even do it with that photo
Please give me a
Super high res photo of every first lady. Oh, okay, amazon's backing me up here
Um, now we're cooking. This is important work
I have two segments that I need to do and kennel does need to be fed but we have to do this first
Martha Custis Washington
Abigail Adams
I'm gonna put them in a similar
pile of
They seem like nice ladies
Martha Randolph, however
fellows
ladies
Whatever your taste may be
Just saying take a look at Martha Randolph
Martha Custis Washington. You don't like Martha Custis Washington
Wait, is Custis a bad word? I don't even know. I hope not dolly Madison
dolly Madison is
Like a country singer porn star name and she's rocking the rouge. I'm gonna also put her in the hot pile
There's there's two piles here. Nice lady and hot pile
Cleveland married a youngin
Elizabeth court night Monroe
Look at a little stiff there
Louisa Catherine Adams. Oh my god. Such a regal name
I'll be real. She can get it Rachel Jackson
nice lady
Hannah hoes
Anna hoes fanburen
I did not know that was her full name
Well, miss hose
She looks like a I'm gonna put her in the fashionable
pile
Anna
Tut Hill as Harrison
I'm gonna she's in the similar swamp pile that her husband is uh julia gardener tyler and
Latita christian tyler
They're slightly too low res to for me to parse and I'm assuming one of them died
I'm gonna say julia gardener. She's in the hot pile
Despite I'm assuming dying early on in the president's presidency
Yeah, Hannah hoes can get it
Sarah
Childress poke
Bring me a childress
She's hot. I'll give it to her margaret mackle st. Taylor. She's hot and like a boss way
Abigal powers filmore
Looking serious. She seems like a nice lady though. Jane m pierce. Oh, I like the side profile here. It's mysterious
It's pretty sexy so far a lot of these first ladies. I'll be honest pretty sexy
Harriet lane and mary toddlick
Mary toddlick and I don't even know if you can put her in the nice lady pile, but we'll put her in there anyway
Eliza mcradle johnson
nice lady
julia dent grant what a nice lady
lucy web haze nice lady
Lucretia rudolf garfield nice lady. However
ellen luis h arthur
I'm just gonna they're all going in the nice lady, but now you'll have to tell from the the way I say it nice
lady
france and fulsome cleveland nice
lady
seinfeld
I didn't know seinfeld was married to her president harrison
but apparently seinfeld was
nice lady
frances fulsome cleveland back again and still nice lady
Eta sexton mckinley
She kind of looks like that lawyer from ali mcbill the blonde one and also from the guy who's in all of the
He's in like studio 40 whatever on the sunset strip. Anyway, it looks like that guy. It's kate from lost
But with an infected jaw
Edith kermit c rosavel. She seems like a nice lady. Helen heron taft. Whoa nice lady
Taft oh my
Oh, no, we have another apparent death or divorce edith bowling galt wilson and uh ellen axon wilson
They both seem like nice ladies
Florence king hearting a nice lady
grace good hue coolage
She's flirting with nice lady
Honestly lou henry hoover kind of giving me a dreamy look making me feel kind of nice lady
ellen oresvelt
bass wall strooming and marmie dow nice and hour. They all seem like nice ladies
Uh jack o'lean lee kennedy. Let's be real
Probably the nicest lady
No one can deny it y'all can't deny it. She's a nice riot claudia lidburn johnson thelma pat nixon elizabeth and w ford
all
nice ladies
With a special exemption for nixon
Being courted heavily by richard nixon
And told to fuck off multiple times, but he was persistent. He used to chaperone her on dates with other guys
fun nixon fact
So he thought she was a nice lady for sure. Eleanor roslyn carter
Nice lady nancy davis reagan
It's controversial but for me nice lady
Uh barbara bush
He's like a nice lady hillary rottem clinton young hillary though
Young hillary clinton though
Say what you will
About her being a scion of the end of an empire
But let's be real about young hillary clinton. She's kind of had a vibe going
So i'll put her in the conflicted lady. She looks like a nerd
Yeah, but is she a nerd?
Is she a nerd probably probably like the elfin nerd
lauren blaine w bush
Seems like a nice lady michelle obama
She's got the arms
She's also going in the nice lady category
Uh melania trump
I don't know what category to put her in
Ice lady she's going in the ice lady for her christmas setup and jill tracy biden
Let's be real. She's a nice lady
Okay, that runs out all of the hot
That runs out the hot or not presidential rundown of both presidents and their wives
And we never even got a first dude. We could have had what's his face the guy that I've already forgotten the name of
chris
Matt whatever
We could have had
Uh
We could have had mr. Kamala mr. Harris, but we didn't
So we could even rate the first man on his hotness
Friends for matt first dude sounds like a hulu original movie
Or like a sin bad movie
Yeah, whatever his name is dug. Oh, I got it right
Yeah, but I was just trying to just trying to say like really simple popular names
From like the 90s, but I landed on the right one by accident
Okay, we got to do a how-to and then we'll run out with this expert thing
Um, and I also I've said I'd sing a song but I do need to probably pick up the face a little bit
Just a little bit. Uh, let's see what we're learning today. It's time to how-to with jeb
Well, hi everybody. Great to see you
That's your pal jab nugget
Back with a couple more how-tos
Oh, we've got some questions coming in that's exciting
Oh, no, jeb's dad is stuck in the wood
Really good guess
Dad are you in the wood? What?
Yeah
Wait, what I'm in the wood. Oh my god. It takes him a second something your voice is really swirly today
That's because I'm extra in the wood
Answer your question. No, I'm not stuck in the wood. Yes, you are. Oh my god. You're right
You just said it. Okay. Well, we've got a lot of fun how-tos today
Thank you for the wood. Thank you for the compliment on my woodworking jacket
Sort of doubles as wood camouflage
I'm ever in the woods. I can close my blazer
And then no one can find me
How did jeb's dad get stuck in the
Get it off the screen
No, who knows it's a mystery. Well, I'll never tell
What?
He's doing fine
Actually, it's more like a little rabbit nose the way it wiggles like that
Does it mean you're curious? Does your nose do the little badger thing based on when you smell certain scent?
It's just I don't got a sensitive nose
I know wiggle sometimes and I'm curious which is always
Hey, this could be useful. How do you use a beard trimmer?
The entire crew here at Barely Informed News other than Liliana arguably had a little bit of a razor mishap all of us shaved our beards at once
Um, so maybe we can correct that
By learning how to do it right with this video. Hi, I'm Craig the barber with the mensroom.com
And today I'm here at Lloyd's Barber Shop at the Fairmont Miramar Hotel in bungalows in Santa Monica, California
Today, I will be talking to you about how to use a beard trimmer
There's one beard trimmer can come in all shapes and sizes you have trimers that have multiple guards
You have trimers that have adjustable handles and you have trimers that are both adjustable handles as well as can be used with comb guards
Ideally the goal of using guards are to make sure that you can guarantee your desirable length
Keep in mind. There are two ways to trim and maintain your beard. That's right going upwards always reduces
bulk
Going downwards always maintains bulk. So always keep in mind whenever you're alternating from guard to guard from lengths
Longer lengths to shorter lengths always keep that in mind that the shorter guards will always reduce
More bulk and the longer guards will always maintain the bulk. So just keep that in mind and you'll be set
Oh, I'm Craig the barber with the mensroom.com. Oh, that's it. Thanks for watching
So it's so simple. You'd have to be like a complete idiot to mess it up. Yeah
Yeah, that's right
That's correct. Jeb
It's correct. All right. I get it. So just put on the right attachment. Yep. That sounds about right Jeb
Hey, what's wrong with you? Nothing. I'm great. Oh wait. I'm not I'm in the wood. I know you. Yeah, yeah
You are
Okay
Trimming a beard with scissors now. This could be a more advanced technique
We'll keep it a little beard focused today
This is a more in this is more involved how to
In case you don't have a razor, you don't have a fancy trimmer handy. You're not
A wash at sea. You're not lost at sea. There's other ways to handle your beard. And here's one of them
Hey, I'm steve and mary now with a salon guy 20 your hairstylist and celebrity media and beauty correspondent
And today I'm going to show you guys how to trim your beard with scissors
Oh
So when trimming your beard with scissors, you need to this is what a beauty correspondent looks like
We need to expand our definition of beauty correspondent
To include men
Like yours truly and this handsome gentleman. I'm so glad that he's he's offering beauty tips
So when trimming your beard with scissors, you need two essential tools a comb with white teeth
And a pair of shears now you might not have a pair of professional shears
But whatever using just make sure it's sharp
So now I'm going to show you guys actually go about trimming your beard great
So when you're ready to start cutting your beard what you want to do is start with the white teeth of the comb
Now you want to comb the hair on your face downwards
Which is going to go with the direction of how it's growing sometimes beards
They have spaces in them. So you just want to make sure that when you comb it down
It's all laying flat on your face
Then what you do is with the white teeth you want to come in and start at the bottom where I like to go
And depending on how close you want the beard the closer you hold the comb to your face
The shorter the hair is going to be and the further out from your face
The longer it's going to be so I always suggest kind of going in the middle
So you're not cutting it too short
So what you want to do is lock this in find your established length and then with your shears
Using just the thumb on a motion like this
You want to start cutting in
And working your way up and you want to do a continuous motion
Because that is going to allow you
To have a smoother more even type
Of a beard if you do short chops you might end up taking the risk of cutting too much off
So once you start to work your way up
From your neck all the way up through on the sideburn area on a continuing motion
So you're just going to kind of follow the pattern of how your beard grows
And that's going to help give you a pretty even type movement
So when you get to around this area sometimes you have to comb it down
No because of the way the hair grows. Oh, this is huge out
And you do little trims like this then working up you want to follow the contour of your beard and again
Does it look like he's not movement with his thumb only? He's not doing anything
And keep the thumb moving quickly because that's going to keep more of an even type
Oh, no, he is cutting it there
And you're just going to simply follow the contour of your face shape
Now the same thing on the other side
Using the wide teeth comb it straight down
Then you're going to go against it. Bill Burr's been working out again
Taking your thumb and movements like so
A healthy diet
Moving your thumb which is going to create even movements and keep it moving. You don't want to stop
And if you hold the comb in a way where it's not too close
Then it's going to guarantee you're not cutting it too short
Then after you're done comb it all straight down
And if you see a couple of hairs that are sticking out just go with the with the sheer
And use your thumb and lightly
No comb!
Just don't go too close because you end up cutting way too much and you might get spaces or gaps
Or you'll play your skin
After you're done comb it say hey, I look pretty good and they're good to go
I'm Steven Maranello the salon guy 20 or hairstylist and celebrity media and beauty correspondent
And thanks for watching my tips. I had trim your beard with scissors
That was a fun video
Now that guy knows how to have a good time
What did you find fun about it? Jeff? The whole thing
informative
clear
Playful
Isn't this the guy that shot RoboCop? Probably not
Probably a different guy. I can't confirm that
Probably different let's watch one more
How to develop a manly voice?
This could be big
For other people
Are uncomfortable with their voice. I've always enjoyed my voice. I've always
I've always been good. I've always been good for my voice
You don't need to push down your voice to make it manly
What? Your voice is okay? Really?
Sure
Let's find out how to how to cultivate a manly voice
Oh man, I wish I had a deeper voice all the dames would be attracted to me bill
Hey, mr. Narrator man. I wish I sounded more like you
Unfortunately, there isn't much we can do to deepen our voices substantially
You're pretty much stuck with a voice nature gave you
The deepness of a voice is primarily determined by the length and thickness of the vocal cords
Which is determined by the amount of testosterone you were hit with during puberty. Well, that's okay. I'll just talk like this from now on
Hi, my name is bill not so fast bill speaking in a lower pitch does a number on your lower throat and puts wear and tear on your vocal cords
Understood
Understood
It also makes you hard to understand
There's no point in sounding like Barry white if no one understands a word of what you're saying
Well, then I'm just stuck this way
Well, we can't all sound like dean martin, but all hope is not lost
Just because your voice isn't a deep baritone doesn't mean you can't have a manly voice
You can still develop your natural voice to its full potential
Well, then how do I find it then the manliest voice is the voice you've already got
You just need to find it and own it a good voice is one that is filled with warmth and expression
It should also have an even resonance that's easy on the ears
It should carry well so people can understand exactly what you're saying
And it should be flexible and have a wide range of natural pitches
There are two things you can do to speak with your best voice possible method one for improving your voice
Find your natural pitch an optimal tone by projecting from your mask
mask
What does he mean?
A face I was born with?
Most men are walking around speaking from their lower throat to get an artificially deep voice
Or if you have a nasally sounding tone
Your problem is that you're speaking from just your nose to speak with your natural pitch an optimal tone
You need to project your voice from your mask
It's the area on your face that includes your lips and the bridge and sides of your nose
You know you're projecting from your mask when you feel the area slightly vibrate when you speak
A voice projected from the mask won't be nasally nor will it strain your throat
Here's how to hone your optimal pitch and tone that comes from speaking from your mask
Answer the following statement with a spontaneous and sincere
Keep your lips closed and let your inflection rise on the
Pay attention for a slight vibration in your mask area
That mm-hmm is your natural pitch and tone now say
One
Two
Three
Etc
Check to see if the numbers are the same pitch and tone as your mhms from here on out
Focus on speaking with the optimal pitch and tone method number two for improving your voice
Add bravado and power by breathing from your diaphragm
Now that we found your voice's natural pitch and tone
It's time to add some of that manly he-man oomph to it
We do that by proper breathing if you're like most people you've been breathing wrong for most of your life. Take a breath
Did your chest and shoulders rise you just failed at breathing
When your chest and shoulders rise when you breathe it means you're breathing with your chest
This sort of breath is weak and squeezes the throat area causing strain on your voice a proper breath originates in the diaphragm
You know you're breathing correctly if your belly moves in and out and your chest and shoulders stay still
Breathing from your diaphragm when you speak gives your voice more power
And even deepens it a bit without the ill effects of trying to speak from your throat
Your voice will have more resonance and gravitas as you breathe correctly
Improving your natural voice is something doable and within your reach
While the timber of your voice may never be movie narration ready
It can be one that gives you confidence and leaves others enjoying the sound of your words
Abraham Lincoln had a higher pitched voice
But was a memorable and convincing orator because he made the best of his natural voice
Howard cossel spoke right from his nose
But that nasally voice became recognized by sports fans across the nation
I said not to do that
Oh jeez. What how do you even handle this stuff?
Glass has a really nasally sort of high pitched voice that wouldn't normally be classified as attractive or pleasant sounding
But he hosts one of the most popular radio shows in the country bottom line
Do your best with the voice you have but don't fret too much about whether it's manly enough
Just own it. That's the manly thing to do. But let's be honest
It is pretty awesome to have a voice like mine
Ha ha ha
Gee, thanks mr. Narrator
All that information was really helpful
Sounding good Billy
So you eat yet?
I was thinking I'd work on my voice some more
Oh, sure. You always just take my information and go off and do your own thing. No, it's not that. It's just I know when I'm not welcomed
Damn
You hate to see that
Just sort of tension that's always there. Yeah, that'd be the worst
Well
Great
I'll have to do is own my voice and speak more from my mouth
vibrate my mouth
I'm tired from really low
One
Three I feel great
Okay, keep pushing
Four
Five
Six
Great all natural aphrodisiacs that help this guy's got a good voice
Hi, my name is Michael Russer
I'm a prostate cancer survivor with full-blown impotence and dedicated to turning the curse of ed
Curse of ed into a blessing in your life and the lives of couples everywhere
Okay
Can we get full-blown impotence on this own board?
Full-blown
I'm not a side just wasn't expecting it. Um
Full-blown that's
That is a scourge and I'm glad that he's I'm glad that he's helping
It's nothing to laugh at Jeb
I mean, I'm made of wood so
I basically always
I've always got it up the mid wood
Now who's laughing not me. I'm in the woodchip. I've been the fucking wood and they're going out
You see afraid of karate guys probably we all are you know, that's all the time we have for today
Great work everybody. We've learned a lot
I'm going
I sound better than ever. I'm owning my voice
Oh god, what do you do when you burp a lot?
Is that part of me confident? How about I ask it refluck?
Oh, we'll work on that next time. Thanks so much
And uh, don't worry in case you don't everything added up today while you're actually never too old
I learned a new trick. Okay. Bye. Bye. Okay
Well, we do have to check in about um advice for having 14 kids
And I told Pepito to just find us a dad
so
Apparently we're being joined at this time by a dad to offer offer us advice on
um
Having 14 kids that he's not raising and ignoring them
Um, thanks for being here a dad. I'm a dad
A famous dad
Not sure why he's in front of
The United States government website still I thought I fixed that but I guess I didn't
Hey everybody you want some advice on how to adore your kids?
um
Well having 14 kids the trick is is how to get away with
Um not raising them
Just ignore them
Those little shit rule and they'll get there. They're humans are smart. They'll figure it out
You do not sound
Like the famous tv dad that you also don't look like what?
Is it because I'm not rapping that was never the problem. How did you access this Bart Simpson's trap beat?
Is it because I even dropped a fat fucking grind?
You saw nothing like Homer
What's up Bart?
I'm gonna choke your ass for a star
March
large in charge
Dropping more fucking stacks than a bar
Hey, March, can I fuck Bart?
I already got the tight grip for a start
Fuck you. That's how I raise a kid. You're lucky to be in this house is what I say, bitch
Be more like Lisa
I'll be on top
When I'm on the mic
The choke don't stop. I got that tight grip. You know it don't slip
That's the last noise bitch
Is your advice mostly choking children? Yep, that's right
I choke my son from morning until night
Sad his little helper while he grabbed a fucking noose and now he's choking part and that is cool because I said it is
What I choke Bart with the help of a dog
We got my baby choking Bart's hog
You went too far what?
Enough from you
What did I do? Okay. Well, that's our advice. I guess for the day
Papito we need to exercise more caution when booking guests
Why did I I have something I fall. He is a dad. All right. Well
I should have known it was only a matter of time until he tried to fuck Bart
All right, that's I think it's main thing right isn't that a sketch phrase I watched the simpsons in a couple seasons
So it could be a sketch phrase now
Yeah, I think it was his catch phrase
All right. Well, uh, what a show everybody
We didn't have time to do any of our sub goals again, but the Elon Musk thing is on the list now
Maybe that's how we'll start in the next stream is we're just gonna bang on all these sub worlds
I gotta get a hot dog
And then we gotta sing um an obnoxious amount
We're gonna drive away all our viewers as quickly as possible
How come you're in front of the government website now?
And I changed my background
I can't figure out how to fix this. So I think we just
We're always gonna be in front of this
In front of the government life feed of the of the senate
Hmm
There's gotta be a way to fix that papito
But will I remember to is the question?
Uh, let's read a spinachi
It's been a while since I've even been able to read a spinachi due to my
lack of streaming
Now we're back Monday Wednesday Friday. Do you love this new schedule? Well, you've only done it for two days. So
Maybe do a victory lap after you've managed to do it for even two weeks. Nope. It's set in stone
Just like my new workout schedule. Did you work out today? I'm about to okay. Well, you better do it then
She fall off your schedule right away. Are you working up? You know every day
I give my body a full workout of of all the chemicals
As I'm on a full chemical workout
Like the guy from baki the grappler who takes all the chemicals. Yeah, we were thinking the same thing
You know, we were well, that's always at the end of the day baki the grappler over here
Okay, papito getting ready. Yeah, I'm fucking huge under this
Bulls all sorts of bulges coming out of places you would not expect that I could be muscle
Ripped up with something
Say hi to spinachi for us everybody and have a beautiful rest of your day. It's time for us to go. Bye. Bye
I'm hungry
Feed me a car. No, give me a car to eat
That's what the car insurance call was about. You need to feed me more automobiles
This we gotta