I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Hello everybody.
We're late today, but we're here.
We're still doing it.
Uh, good to see you all.
Had some...
...old turn reality here.
No time.
Had to take care of a little bit of business today.
Meetings.
Important business meetings.
I'm pregnant.
Live and Sleazy says I'm pregnant and cause Live and Sleazy is pretty much always right?
I'm like, oh no.
I guess it's the whole station that's pregnant.
Papito, are you pregnant?
I don't know, probably. What the fuck?
Pregnant with a green...
...hallucination.
What's going on back there?
Can you get it together, Papito?
I'm back to normal.
Okay.
We're all pregnant.
All of us were in a pregnant person and we were kind of one with that person.
So in a sense, at one point weren't all of us pregnant with ourselves.
Doesn't make a lot of sense, but that's pretty deep for a dog.
I don't know what I just said.
It was probably dumb. It's dumb that you were impressed.
You're pregnant with idiocy case.
And I still don't really get what I'm saying.
Yeah, Papito's too smart for me.
Yeah. It's a low bar. It's a high bar.
It's a dog bone.
What?
Give me a dog bone is what I'm trying to say.
You're being mean.
I'm in an airplane over Colorado and watching Case Technology.
It's fun. Oh my God. That means I'm pregnant with the skies.
No, that's not what that means.
I guess that's not what that means.
Uh, we're going to the movies today.
You know what I realized we didn't do this year?
I don't know why that made me think of this.
We didn't do the Oscar stuff and the Grammys.
We didn't do our Ben Awards this year.
We didn't do an annual Ben Awards.
Uh, what, did I win?
Yeah, real quick, you won.
Oh, thank you so much.
I forgot about that one.
If I forgot about it, that doesn't mean it probably doesn't have to happen.
Oh, you weren't on in December.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
I was busy moving.
Some gold. That can be after your workout stream.
That can be workout awards.
Congratulations, Pita.
Thank you. Thank you. I want to mostly thank God.
What?
God. I want to thank Jesus Christ for having my back.
What's wrong?
I want to thank you, God, and my family.
Okay, well, that's nice.
Yeah, I was kind of getting China pregnant.
Wait, no, I wasn't.
Case got China pregnant.
Right.
Okay, well, shaggy Apple DApple Commander Gabb,
Commander Gabb Bundle Sprout,
the Mastermind live in Sleazy,
Sabrichi probably in here somewhere,
Napoleon blown apart.
Great to see you, psychore.
Lady Citrix, thank you so much for the sub.
Add a couple subs pop in.
We love to see it.
Uh,
S1000,
RR 2012, you know, RR,
two of the letters in one of my favorite movies.
RRR, RR.
RR.
Anything else?
Anything else?
I think I can just do the news.
We don't have a ton of time today.
The Patreon is at six.
I got a Alexa set an alarm for 5.55 p.m.
It's going to keep me honest.
Or you could tell me.
Yes, make the other robot do it.
Your robot?
Yeah, my dog.
Sib 7 playthrough as a new bit?
I don't think I've played a Civilizations game since like,
four?
Three?
Aren't they all kind of the same?
I don't know. I only have played three or four.
I don't remember.
Anyway, we don't have much time.
We got to go to the movies.
Let's do a bit of news.
It's still her design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Just get up.
Hello, everyone.
It's your boy Jeff Ripple back again for the serious news
that we're getting right into because I'm being told there's no time
and I'm sure it'll be a fun headline.
Are we talking about the Trump anti-Trump stuff or the Trump Gaza stuff?
Because neither one of those is a fun headline case.
Um, maybe both?
God damn it.
You're the new, you're, you're the supposed to be the hard news man.
You do it.
It's pretty depressing stuff.
Well, should I try to make it fun?
Maybe I'll try.
What are you going to do to make it fun?
The hardest of newsmen.
About boner jokes, maybe?
To mix with stripping people of their rights and ethnic cleansing?
No, I don't really know what to say about this.
It's pretty bleak.
Then this isn't helping.
That's not even, that picture's no better.
Oh, that picture's not better either.
Can you just give me a decent picture to leave up?
Anything, that's goat cheddar.
Ew, everything's, oh, well, there's no winning here.
All right, Trump signs executive order intended to bar transgender athletes
from girls and women's sports.
And if you're asking yourself, why is this issue on so many people's minds
and a thing that he's done almost immediately after coming into office?
Yes, there is. People are incredibly easily distracted by
just hating a whole other group of people for really no reason.
Yeah, yes, yep.
Ew!
Uh...
President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday
intended ban transgender athletes from participating in girls and women's sports,
which I don't know much, but I do know,
has not really been a major issue in this country of people actually,
there be actually being a problem with transgender athletes, athletes in women's sports.
Yeah, I know some people are more like, you know, Rogan Pilledon, this one in there.
They're like, come on, and this one's a no-brainer.
You can't have the thing from that episode of South Park with the macho man for real, but...
I think it was like under 20 trans athletes in college women's sports.
It's also sort of telling that there's not a ban on trans male athletes from entering men's sports,
seeing as if they don't believe in trans people.
Doesn't that put women at risk as well?
Not that I want to give them any ideas.
I just know they won't do the similar ban for the other thing because
ultimately they're really dealing with other paranoia here than the one they claim to.
The NCAA president Charlie Barkie said he will align their private organization rules to match the EO.
There are about 10 out of 300K NCAA athletes.
So this huge executive order targeting 10 athletes who, as far as I can tell, other than people, you know,
hating that they're trans humans,
haven't really caused any like waves or issues in their actual sport as far as competition goes.
Yeah, pretty spineless behavior from the MCA, although...
Misogyny is included in there.
Yes, I'd say so.
They just don't think the boys are at risk.
It's really the paranoia of protecting little girls.
It's very similar to the shit they would do in the 70s with gay people.
They still do honestly.
It's like, oh, we have to protect children from blank threat,
and the threat to Jor right now is for them, trans people, and I guess this is a big win.
For them, they, on the bright side, don't have an incredible track record so far
of pushing all these executive orders through, though as the NCAA thing would suggest,
people are already caving.
So maybe, maybe because it's such a, it's a more vulnerable group,
some of these organizations and athletic organizations are going to be more willing to throw people under the bus.
Why are you, stop cutting to this story.
It's giving me the fear that that's the other story we have to talk about.
I'm into dilfs. That's the only threat I am.
The, look, our dilfs are at risk from Reverie Wolf.
Reverie, I can't be on your side at this one.
You're going to drive those dilfs crazy.
Well, you know, I think the dilfs have it coming.
I think they're lucky.
I guess that, ah, I keep hitting the wrong button.
It's a jump scare every time.
Okay, well the order of the executive order titled Keeping Men Out of Women Sports
Great, gives the federal agency's wide latitude to ensure entities that receive federal funding
abide by title, ah, 10, wait, 9? IX?
Which final, final fantasy is that?
The anti-trans one it turns out.
In alignment with Trump administration's view which interprets sex as the gender someone was assigned at birth.
With this executive order the war on women's sports is over.
Well some would say it's on, depending on your point of view, whether you're a complete asshole or remotely reasonable.
The war is either over or just, you know, this is another moment in it.
Hmm, I'll let you sort out which camp you fall in.
In the East Room that includes lawmakers and female athletes who have come out in support of a ban.
Trump set up a signing ceremony in the East Room that included lawmakers and female athletes
who have come out in support of a ban including former collegiate swimmer Riley Gaines.
What's Riley look like?
Is Riley Gaines famous? Was that an Olympian or something?
Who is Riley Gaines?
Oh well they look like a, they do look like a Trump supporter.
I don't mean to pigeonhole people, except in this specific case.
This person a thousand percent looks like they have no choice.
Speaking about biological destiny, this person just had to be a Trump voter.
No it's really more the whole aesthetic than necessarily the, it's just the weird cut out image, the smile, all of it is reading a little Trump I gotta say.
Hmm, okay Riley, well that's her, that's her choice.
White House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt said the order upholds the promises of title, aix, do you not know how to read Roman numerals?
It's the IX1.
I guess it's the most transphobic Roman numeral, which I'm just learning.
It will require immediate action including enforcement actions against schools and athletic associations that deny women single sex sports and single sex locker rooms.
Again, of all the issues they could have put that muscle into, this is the one they're choosing.
Although among other ones that are also terrible, the timing of the order coincided with National Girls and Women in Sports Day and is the latest in a string of executive orders from the Republican president aimed at transgender people, not the first one.
Trump found during the campaign that the topic resonated beyond the usual party lines, more than half the voters surveyed by AP said they support transgender rights in government and society.
Oh that's sorry, unfortunately the sentence went a different way.
More than half the voters surveyed by AP Votkast said support for transgender rights in government and society has gone too far.
He leaned into the rhetoric before the election pledging to get rid of transgender insanity.
That's a Trump quote, would you believe it?
Though his campaign offered little in the way of details.
Look at those little girls bullying Trump into signing it.
Hmm, well what if he's actually a huge ally but he's just terrified of all these tiny women?
GOP model life liberty in the pursuit of anyone deem the enemy.
Yes.
Yeah, look at this cadre of young girls who a thousand percent, yeah they know exactly what's happening.
All of them are politically very aware.
They haven't just been placed here like props for a photo op.
They too are furious at the 10 NCAA athletes that apparently must be stopped at the expense of rolling back the rights of an entire group of people.
Sorry I don't mean to say that in such a newsy tone it just comes out of me. I can't help it.
GOP model, oh sorry I just read that.
Matt did I hear you leave a message for the mythical crew?
You left a message for mythic quest I'm assuming?
Maybe?
Matt's leaving messages all over the place. This is what happened since you guys stopped doing that call cast show.
Now they gotta leave their messages on other random shows voicemail's case.
Tell cast him he needs to bring it back. I haven't even gotten to call in yet.
Were you gonna call in? Maybe? I like to have the option.
Thanks to all that she's got a strong jawline and chest.
For such a gender. Okay, yes well.
You said it. I didn't say that.
Bring back call cast? I think we're planning to. I just see you know cast him's been cast him has like a big boy job now.
I guess it could be call case. I guess we could just call me on Mondays.
You know if we can get Kendall streaming it could also be call can.
Well what even what can you use the cast? I guess I could change the phone number.
No it's so it'll be too confusing all the songs I did make all of those videos with cast him.
Call Kenny. That's kind of fun.
Is there a Final Fantasy Mythic Quest Call and Show? I don't know.
It's so nice not talking about this story but I do feel like this is one people should probably actually be aware of.
I mean yeah he's targeting an entire group of people to strip them of rights.
His argument is gonna be he's not stripping of the rights that men have never been allowed in women's sports because he doesn't believe trans people exist.
But I think this is even if even if for some reason you care about the sports thing.
This is just a fucking Trojan horse. They just pulled this until they realized there's enough Americans that are like I don't want my little girl having to swim against Michael Phelps.
And found that that was like politically evocative enough and emotionally not evocative enough for you know some middle slice of America that they could just grind this issue endlessly.
And now they're doing it. You know maybe it'll backfire because if they don't if they didn't have this issue you know if this works and they don't have this issue to complain about anymore.
Although something tells me they'll still complain about it.
Maybe they could lean on transphobia less every election cycle although frankly that's the problem they will move on to the next terrible policy goal they have to amiss rate and disenfranchise members of the population purely for prejudicial reasons.
Michael Phelps would clean up the medals against little girls.
Well that's now you're just discounting little girls. No Michael Phelps would obviously beat all the little girls. Well he's older now.
What if there's a girl a little girl with really fast legs. I just don't think until he's like 80 I think he can beat most.
I'm going to I'm going to include six little girls as anyone under 14 and I think he can I think he can take him.
That's a little sexist case. I think that one's fair to be fair I think most female Olympic athletes could also destroy most little girls stop trying to destroy little girls sports dreams case.
All right.
What else the orders offer some clarity for example this is I keep for a second I thought this was Trump.
Do you think Trump is going to swap into this body like ghost in the shell style. Is this his final form. I'm sure if he could he would.
Though honestly I think if if Trump could like body swap into anyone it would probably be his daughter.
That does sound right actually trans people are just the lowest hanging branch unfortunately but rest assured they're coming for the whole LGBT tree.
Yeah they I'd love to say something more comforting but you know they've they've never really stopped grinding that acts.
They're grinding it as much as a public opinion will allow and and I would argue probably passed it.
You know another thing with with stuff like it's a lot like deportation they pull this stuff and they're like actually 60% of Americans are in favor of deportation.
But I mean you know they're running these fucking polls and honestly when it's an abstract thing on a piece of paper like should illegal immigrants be able to stay in the country people are going to say no to that.
But when it comes down to like actually deporting millions of people suddenly Americans are like oh wait actually I don't like this.
I just mean these polls can't really be trusted I suspect if anyone actually knew a trans person which tons of fucking Americans just don't they would ease up on this nonsense because they'd be like oh wait actually I like them.
I don't want to see them lose their rights but you know it's just this abstraction for some huge swath of America so they can just throw them under the fucking bus.
It's pretty bleak well I'll keep reading it and we won't feel better.
The Orrers offer some clarity for example it authorizes the Education Department to penalize schools that allow transgender athletes to compete.
Citing non-compliance with again title Iax.
Enforcing Trump's orders will be a priority of the Embatter Department in a call this week the acting director of the Office of Civil Rights told staff they would need to align their investigations with Trump's priorities.
The Department of Civil Rights is aligning their priorities with this anti-civil rights.
Law that's great according to people who were on the call who spoke of the condition of anonymity to AP for fears of reprisals.
Already since Trump took office the department has opened an inquiry into Denver Public Schools over an all-gender bathroom that replaced a girl's bathroom while leaving another one exclusively for boys.
So we're really back on our 2016 to 2020 bathroom shit.
Someone called Ben Shapiro I'm sure he's dancing in the streets.
Office of Civil Rights can't see that being long for this world.
Well they just might change maybe there will be a new popular term for civil.
We'll just kind of redefine that word to mean taking that away.
The Office of sort of removing your civil rights.
Yes.
Office of white rights.
See a civil is the new synonym for white guy.
Hmm.
So I'm a civil guy.
That does make me sound that is does sound slightly cooler than white guy.
I think it sounds even less cool.
Ah shit.
Any word on call cast.
I just don't know when cast is going to have time yet.
I think the plan is to start doing it at some point.
Probably maybe spring summer.
Those are two different seasons eventually.
I could in the meantime just do a call in show on Mondays that I have to I do this new job that I took is pushing later into my day than I thought it would I thought it'd be done by one.
So there's a chance I might need to push these streams back anyway.
If I do we could switch to a Monday night stream.
Although I'm trying to make my stream schedule a little simpler so it's actually able to follow when I stream is cast and still a thing.
Yeah we just kind of price locked cast them.
That is I said cast in your patreon only now for your own patreon.
Cast him is pay is now price locked by his own patreon.
If you are desperate for some cast you can join the cream team patreon.
We do just a very you know a very cast him news run down every Wednesday.
Well many Wednesdays at six you're really giving them the hard sell.
Hey if you're a member of the patreon you could have watched.
I thought I should tell myself you could watch the Royal Rumble for technically free.
That doesn't sound strictly speaking totally about board case.
It was fine.
I look I couldn't play twins in Zodac.
Trent couldn't play twins in Zodac.
It was too bad.
You gave up on twins in Zodac.
We're you're trying to not have to talk about all this bad news.
Maybe Trump also issued a warning to the International Collegiate Olympic Committee ahead of the 2028
Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
He's gonna ban what about international athletes gonna ban ban trans international athletes only trans women I guess currently.
But yes you know maybe what does the story say the president said he had empowered Secretary of State Marco Rubio to make it clear that to the IOC that America categorically rejects transgender lunacy.
Just a beautiful title there for his entire 2020 2024.
2025 what are you even trying to say I don't know America categorically rejects trans we want to them to change everything having to do with the Olympics and having to do with this ridiculous subject.
So says Marco Rubio.
I believe pictured.
I would think this is the back of his head he's real little.
So that that that black hair in the front there I think that's him standing all the way up.
Oh he grew his hair out a little bit.
Yeah yeah he's that's him in his biggest big boy stance coming all the way up almost over the desk.
Little Marco Rubio little Marco there just seeing his law through you did it Marco we're all proud of you because you're just you're just you're really trying to see it but it's so hard because you're such a small boy.
The IOC has essentially passed the buck on transgender participation deferring to the International Federation for each sport that could change however with when a new IOC president comes on to replace the
retiring Thomas Bach former track star Sebastian Koh now the leader of World Athletics is among the candidates up for election.
He's been a strong proponent of limiting participation in female sports to cisgender women and proponent unfortunately if you don't know means he likes to also be really center transphobia in his decision making.
Are trans men allowed to compete yes I mean there's no comment on that so far I well if they ban all transgender athletes I would assume no but these people don't.
These people it's like a you know the wonderful mix of as chat was pointing out misogyny and transphobia they don't.
Care if you know a woman gets into men's sports it's all fucking.
Insane.
Prejudice panic basically.
Lord co good pal of Prince Andrew.
Well you know sometimes you have to go do your if you really want to focus on your sport you have to go to a private island to do it.
Where you got to get regular sports massages from whoever happens to be around allegedly.
Allegedly and the best athletes don't sweat like Prince Andrew.
Yeah one of my favorite insane royal family lies ever I don't sweat remember when he didn't sweat yeah he doesn't sweat.
How is Prince Andrew not in the Trump cabinet.
Well you know he's probably been in a couple cabinets in the White House at least just watching.
They only ejaculate I have to come constantly because it's how I sweat what sorry I'm just thinking in hypotheticals.
Well that's one of the terrible things associated with.
U.S. policies and specific statements from Trump today but would you believe that there's more.
That's also awful.
Yeah unfortunately I would.
Well that's yep unfortunately yes.
I am.
U.S. officials now say Trump only wants to displace palitinians from Gaza temporarily and that's I'm assuming not the order he's signing there and it's you know it's one of these it's one of these blank orders he's signing.
Sports massages like the Sean Watson and Justin Tucker.
Yeah yeah.
Anyway if you missed it can we find that Trump's kind of insane Gaza statement.
Or anyone that might have missed it I think probably people have heard it but sure let's just punish ourselves.
The U.S. will take over the Gaza Strip and we will do a job with it to a job alone it and be responsible for dismantling all of the dangerous unexploded bombs and other weapons on the site level the site and get rid of the destroyed buildings level it out create an
economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for the people of the area do a real job to something different just can't go back if you could.
It's going to end up the same way it has for 100 years.
I'm hopeful that this ceasefire could be the beginning of a larger and more enduring piece that will end the bloodshed and killing once and for all with the same goal in mind my administration has been moving quickly.
I know you've got to be careful talking about these unlimited overseas jobs.
We're going to build American strength throughout the region and we've really done that we're a respected nation again a lot's happened in the last couple of weeks we are actually a very respected.
Wow that was so quick.
I ended the last administration's de facto arms embargo on over one billion dollars in military assistance for Israel and I'm also pleased to announce that this afternoon the United States withdrew from the anti-Semitic UN Human Rights Council
and ended all of the support for the UN relief and oh thank God no more human rights coming up and which was very disloyal to humanity.
Today our international policy to restore a maximum pressure policy on the Iranian regime and we will once again enforce the most aggressive possible sanctions drive Iranian oil exports to zero and the regime's capacity to fund terror throughout the region and throughout the
world.
We had no threat when I left office.
There wasn't even a threat.
Wow.
Not able to sell oil.
Nobody was buying oil because I said don't buy it.
If you buy it you're not doing any business with the United States and Hamas was not being funded.
Has below was not being funded.
Nobody was being funded.
There would never have been an October 7.
Two weeks ago I once again designated the Houthis as a terrorist organization.
They're trying to destroy the world shipping lanes.
Maybe he thinks hoody in the blowfish is in charge of God ordered airstrikes against senior ISIS leaders.
Sys leaders hiding in Somalia and took them out here in America.
We've begun the process of people listen from his ramblinous make the night like the stars from tracking after says we have people that are extremely evil and we're sending them out of our country.
They came from jails.
They came from mental institutions and insane as salams and they dumped into our country.
They're gang members.
We're getting them out at numbers that nobody can actually just he went from Gaza to deporting people.
He can't even stay on one atrocity at a time.
Well, he just got he you know he's got 80 D for all of the people he's trying to.
You know.
Ruin the lives of oh yeah you can't focus on one group he's attempting to ruin the lives of it at time.
It's got a kind of zigzag.
Believe in every single country is taking those people back they said they would never take them back and they're all taking them back and they're taking them back very gladly.
Very gladly recently signed executive.
What does that mean the vile wave of anti-Semitism that we've seen in the aftermath of the October 7th attacks together.
America and Israel will renew the optimism that shines so brightly.
Well, I guess we get it.
Yeah, I mean we so the the more troubling well, I guess troubling is on a.
I'm kind of a sliding scale at this point.
He said he was going to although I guess they've walked this back since then he was going to basically encourage God all of the remaining residents of Gaza to just move to a new piece of great land.
A new great land your brain hasn't exploded yet.
Well, mine probably did a while back to be honest.
Yeah, mine is mine's probably pretty fried at this point.
Glad to see your president with a war criminal.
Yeah, that's other they're sticking together these days.
Crazy how presidents love to stick together with war criminals.
Trump on Tuesday had called for permanently resettling Palestine Palestinians.
Oh, this might be that.
Is this that Mr. President?
Oh, yeah, here's that.
Who's that particular thing that he just said?
Here we go.
What's the US and troops to help secure the security back as far as Gaza is concerned, we'll do what is necessary if it's necessary, we'll do that.
We're going to take over that piece.
We're going to develop it create thousands and thousands of jobs.
And it'll be something that the entire Middle East can be very proud of.
But everybody feels that continuing the same process that's gone on forever over and over again.
And then it starts and then the killing starts and all of the other problems start and you end up in the same place.
And we don't want to see that happen.
You're talking tonight about the United States taking over a sovereign territory.
What authority would allow you to do that?
Are you talking about a permanent occupation there?
I do see a long term ownership position.
Ownership position?
And bringing great stability to that part of the Middle East and maybe the entire Middle East.
And everybody I've spoken to, this was not a decision made lightly.
Everybody I've spoken to loves the idea of the United States owning that piece of land.
He has only talked to about three of the same people that get them again and foxes.
And fox something that will be magnificent in a really magnificent area that nobody would know.
Nobody can look because all they see is death and destruction and rubble.
He has a different idea.
And I think it's worth paying attention to this.
We're talking about it.
He's exploring it with his people, with his staff.
I think it's something that could change history.
Boy, you know I hate listening to Trump talk.
But then it's crazy when someone takes over that I want to hear from even less.
They're not a pretty even field for me of people I just really...
I'm like, darn, I do have to listen to this.
Well, we definitely don't have to.
But that does seem to be having consequences to things these Titans of State have to say.
So he's taking a ownership position in the country that just got genocided.
I feel like Trump can't decide if he wants to take credit for the genocide or distance himself from it.
He doesn't want it to be...
He doesn't ever want anybody else to get credit for anything.
So, you know, he's torn.
He wants to blame Biden for the genocide part, but he also wants to have done everything seemingly.
It's strange.
He's a coward.
Well, I mean, isn't it brave to say that you're going to fix the mass murder completely destroyed countries?
That's sort of brave. Yeah, it would be if he's actually going to do it.
I don't see this headed anywhere positive.
I mean, it would be a...
It would be a...
Well, it's hard to say it's a good thing because it's our fucking bombs that blew the place up.
And it was already essentially a prison camp, but it would be...
I guess only right, or we should at the very least, completely fund rebuilding the homes of everyone.
It should be like a massive investment project from us and Israel.
Will it be?
I suspect newly developed housing and stuff won't be enjoyed by the people of Gaza with those two fucking homunculuses in charge.
Well, on the bright side, Archangel subscribed.
Yeah, sorry to go all ranty over your sub-Archangel. I do actually appreciate it.
BB the OG Israeli commando.
Yeah, Israeli commando a lot less fun than the Schwarzenegger version.
You hear Mexico loves to pay for things.
You know, is he...
I thought we were getting Canada.
And now we're owning Gaza?
Isn't that the opposite of a good sales tactic?
One's like a country that hasn't been bombed into non-existence and we were supposed to get that.
No, he's still saying the 51st state thing about Canada, which is not gonna fucking happen in my opinion.
But we're still in the saying things part of the Trump presidency.
So it's still very hard to tell what the fuck's actually gonna happen.
Does he have the political will and actual power to see some of these things through the Gaza stuff?
Unfortunately is uniparty and it's detestable support for what has happened there.
Support of the things Israel has done there.
So I do think, you know, for better, but probably worse,
what they're saying some form of it is likely to come to fruition.
But again, I suspect any substantial financial investment into Gaza will be for the benefit of Israel and not the people of Gaza.
Hmm.
Well, it's 514.
Is there a fun news we could do?
Can we just go to the movies?
I don't think there's like a pick me up news story that's gonna make anyone feel better.
So I think you just have to just make it all make sense with an outro, Jeff.
Um, uh, severed has been really good.
Two seasons in a row of high quality TV.
Is a thought I had.
And I just I thought I'd say that.
And but then I actually am going to go watch it.
Sever sever severance.
You didn't even get the show title right.
Was I watching the wrong thing?
Did you watch the show called severed?
It was on the internet and it was about 20 minutes long.
Um, I'm looking, you know, the something about ripples.
The news creates ripples.
Sometimes those ripples are pretty scary.
But don't worry because I've Jeff Ripple.
It doesn't make any sense.
I don't know what to do case, but I am leaving my mind.
There goes Jeff just running out of here.
Well, uh, we got to get to it today.
I got to go to this.
What the hell?
I barely had time to put my beanie on.
Watching the monitor waiting for case to throw to me.
And then he just squeaks like a mouse throws to my graphic.
What the hell's happened in this place?
Well, look, I don't try.
I don't track world events.
So I'm I feel good today.
I feel totally fine.
All right.
I guess good for you.
What?
I don't pay attention to the news.
In a way, I'm jealous.
But you know, don't even don't.
I think it's above your pay.
Just watch some trailers.
That's what I'm going to do.
What's up with your hair today?
What do you mean?
Don't like this look?
Did you get like a haircut?
No, this is just how I like to put my hair in a beanie now.
Yes, does it make you look younger?
I can't really tell.
Yeah, it probably does because of my youthful eyes.
All right.
Trailers.
What came out?
Oh, the fantastics.
The fantasy four, dude.
Who's winning your fantasy for this year?
What's your draft pick for the fantastic four?
Yeah, what's your fantasy for draft pick?
What are we drafting against?
I don't know.
The big guy they fight.
I like the thing.
I think it's it's fun.
I like his story of coming to terms with being a rock man.
That's what this is about as part.
Let's just watch it.
Welcome to the Baxter building.
We make a point to do family dinner every week.
Sunday at seven on the dot no matter what, we're all here.
Oh, he's like a fucking dork.
I get it.
Herbie, how's that sauce coming?
Yeah, I'll be the judge of that.
Okay.
Okay.
Is this guy good or what?
I went out a couple cloves of garlic.
Not because it's not delicious.
I just want to add a little bit of zip.
Okay.
Went up the first time.
You couldn't turn invisible.
Ben wasn't a rock.
The best pilot in the world right here.
Yeah.
Best looking he meets.
And Johnny never caught fire.
There's always been a rock.
Johnny is Johnny.
Hi.
It's Johnny.
Whatever life throws at us.
What if it throws a Galactus at you?
Oh, it looks pretty good.
I don't know.
I thought the acting from the thing was a little stiff.
You can save in that like all day.
No, not that long.
Not that fucking long.
I don't know.
It looks nice.
I thought they made it clear.
I think it's about family.
Maybe what gave what makes you think that it seemed like maybe one of the themes they're playing with here is family.
The previous Fantastic Four was sort of about body horror and ruining a director's career.
But then they're like, what if we made it more about family?
Family.
Family.
Family.
Family.
Family.
Family.
Family.
Family.
Yeah.
Family.
I think that's a good theme.
Everybody likes family.
Oh, being burned to death.
I do also think it's funny every time they have to list everybody's powers.
Like they're so bad.
Like, or even good or whatever.
And they're like, you've always been flexible.
I've always been invisible to you.
I don't think she said that.
Yeah, she can.
They couldn't really see that set up through.
They're like, Ben's always been a rock.
A, his powers are the word.
I mean, definitely his powers are the best, but he has to be a rock guy.
So that sucks.
Everybody else just got good powers that doesn't make them ugly.
You can have good powers that make you ugly.
Kendall, if you had to have the power to be invincible, the power to be invisible,
the power to be stretchy as fuck, or the power to be a fire person, which one would you choose?
Invisible.
She chose invisible.
What would you pick?
I mean, invincible, dude, I can't be stopped.
You're, it said the rock one.
You picked the rock one.
You let the rock poured out.
Yeah, but that's, he's kind of invincible.
Well, not, he's not invincible, but he's really tough.
And he's pretty strong.
How strong is he like Hulk strong?
I don't know.
The power scaling is less clear in Marvel.
Shit.
Chris was movie in the background for a second.
He looks so real back there.
That's cause I am real.
Play the clip of the old movie when they go, that's fantastic.
Say that again.
Wait, is that it?
Which one?
The one with Jessica Alba?
That's fantastic.
Oh, here, the other one.
The Franklin.
The one that everyone has tried to forget about.
Storm Research Center.
Dad was kind of allergic to his name in big letters.
Which reminds me, I think that the four of us should have a name.
Why would we need a name?
Because we're a team now, and there's four of us.
So we should come up with a name for it.
He seems kind of young.
Like the human torch and the torchettes.
Ugh, you kidding me?
How about the big brain and his neurons?
How about the big brain and her neurons?
How about two guys, a girl and the thing that nobody wanted?
This is funny.
Hey, we both know that you could take him.
Come a long way since the garage.
You gotta say, it's fantastic.
Say that again.
It's fantastic.
Oh, he did say it again.
They didn't even cut away.
Guys, I got it.
There were like four different moments for them to cut away after the audience must have gotten it.
Well, they still do cut away just at the last possible moment.
Wait a minute.
The last possible moment.
Say that again.
Say what again?
The last?
The last?
I didn't actually have a title.
It doesn't work as well.
Goddamn it, Chris.
Say it again.
That was that's I've never seen that actually.
Well, I would say watch it, but honestly, probably don't.
Oh, the way me and my friends laughed at this movie is honestly kind of well, it's not a fun watch.
You ever seen the second of, I don't know, maybe there's an older Fantastic Four.
You ever seen like the Fantastic Four right before the one they just made?
Kendall Kendall's over here, by the way.
No, not the one with Jessica Alba, the one with with Top Gun.
Yeah, the one with Top Gun.
You ever seen that?
I think Chris was right.
Kendall has seen it.
She's seen the one with the guy from Top Gun.
Miles Teller.
Oh, yeah.
We just talked about the adoption part of like the brother sister.
I don't remember that.
I don't remember that movie very well.
They're supposed to be brother sister.
They're brother sister.
Sue Storm and the fire guy.
Oh, Sue Storm and the flaming torture brother sister, but they're adopted, I guess.
So the thing is we saw a black man.
We're like, oh, he's adopted.
But then it was like a big laugh when we found out she's adopted.
She was, so she had, you know, I see.
Yeah, they should have been really brave and just said they're biologically related.
They have the same parents.
It can't happen.
Technically it's possible.
I guess.
Oh, shit.
It's Danny.
Danny.
I'll kill him for you, Danny.
I'll kill him for you.
I'll tell case you said hi because he's not here.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he would say hi if you weren't insane.
What?
What are you trying to say?
Nothing.
Check out Danny Plotz also a streamer, a funny guy, a friend of Kendall's
former reactor, friend of cases as well.
Trying to throw a case onto the bus, make him sound rude.
No, I just can't speak for him.
I think you could.
No.
Anyway, check him out.
Shout out to Danny.
That is an emoji of cases.
Yeah, you gotta he's got a lot of just sort of yelling ones.
Danny streams to wonderful guy.
You know, I think gaming sometimes sometimes just chatting doing it all
everything that you can do on Twitch.
I don't.
Yeah, what are the things you can do on Twitch?
I think probably not what we're doing.
I think it's not the right thing for Twitch, but Danny does do the
right thing for Twitch.
Follow Dan on Instagram.
He has a great.
Also follow his ass on Instagram says Kendall.
Look, I technically have never met Danny because I'm Chris.
Yes, everyone knows.
So I can't comment on their ass, but I suspect it's very nice.
Sure.
I'm willing to take that chance.
All right, we got to watch a couple.
We got to watch two more trailers because then we got a call cat.
No, not call cast.
The Patreon.
Yeah, or something like that.
Kendall, what do you want to watch the trailer for breakout beyond?
That's a game.
Hurry up tomorrow.
Don't know what that is.
Capcom fighting collection to the visitor from 1979 or Jurassic
World rebirth.
I haven't seen it yet.
Kendall wants to see Jurassic World rebirth.
I was really pulling for the visitor 1979, but maybe we'll end
with that one.
I haven't seen this either.
She picked the right one.
Oh, we also have to do jab.
Dr. Henry Loomis.
This is Zora Bennett, our mission specialist.
Sorry, what mission?
I kind of thought they were done with these.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, it's another one for some reason.
He's your guy.
We're the best.
Moving things.
And part of the other universe.
Kendall's asking where this falls in the Jurassic universe is
lore or if they're maintaining that.
If anybody knows, we can run through it at the end of this.
I guess people and other places they shouldn't be.
We put towards Barbados, avoid government patrol, but there
aren't that many anymore.
My son is in the money grab part of the lore.
No one's dumb enough to go where we're going.
This island was the research facility for the original
Jurassic Park.
You mean it's the Jurassic Park?
You're the biggest dinosaur.
Do we have to get a sample from an egg?
I don't know why they're making this.
I suppose we could try and get it from the parent, but they're
flying carnival the size of an F-16.
Well, money is for raising it.
Oh, he died?
Oh, he didn't die.
OK.
These dinosaurs were too dangerous for the original park.
Prisos say they're raptors.
They're raptors.
The worst of the worst?
They're raptors now.
We're left here.
Put ourselves in a place we don't belong.
What was that?
Survival is a long shot.
Oh, no.
What the hell are those?
Alligator soruses.
They're helping the morse-a-saur.
Oh, sorry.
Most territory, stock, hunt.
None of what you just said is good.
I'd rather see Jonathan Bailey.
They probably can't hear you.
Come closer.
I want to see Jonathan Bailey in the universal parks on the TV
screens of the ride than Chris Pratt.
I'd rather...
Oh, yeah.
Why not?
OK.
Also, this is after everything said someone probably live
and sleazy.
I don't know.
I thought the last movie was like the dinosaurs are just out
and about in the world now.
I thought they just escaped somehow or something.
Is that not what happened?
I'm guessing there will be a line that's like,
hey, good news.
We got them back on the original island only because it was too
dangerous to have them walking around.
If I had to guess, that'd probably be what the deal is.
I was like to have Chris Pratt and Jonathan Bailey recording my video.
I don't think it matters because no one saw it.
That's the real truth.
Just remake the first one.
Just do a remake.
Fuck it.
Just say, hey, it's the first one.
And confusingly get the original cast back.
They're just old now.
Everybody's old, but it's the same movie.
And have Steven Spielberg directed.
And he then just does a shot-for-shot remake,
but all the actors are old and the CGI is worse.
I think that would be the movie for our contemporary era.
Oh my God, I read that as they were already running around San Diego
in Japan too.
I read that as Japan.
Whoa, that'd be a hell of a movie.
Japan too.
I think I would watch the original cast just kind of sadly redo the same film from the 90s.
Yeah, spare no expense.
Spend as much money as possible, but do make it look like a modern movie.
So don't make it look too good.
What is this thing?
What is this?
King Kong, but he got like, uh, alopecia.
What's going on here?
Yeah, what is that?
What?
Is it alien?
Are they doing an alien thing?
Dinosaurs.
Unless these are noses.
Like that's a nose and not an eye.
I'm pretty sure it's an eye because look, it's above the mouth.
Oh, wait, that could be nose.
A nose.
Yeah, you're right.
Because of dino face.
I think like the face is up here.
We're not seeing it.
There was an ad campaign saying dinosaurs taste like chicken and they made them open for
hunting and hungry people just wiped them out.
I'll choose to believe it.
That's real.
He looks like he's about to kill Superman.
He does that thing is doomsday.
Basically, they're doing a crossover doomsday.
And it's a DC Jurassic Park crossover.
All right.
Well, I guess sure.
I mean, I like Scarlett Johansson more than Chris Pratt.
So it is a lot.
Quick calling me smell.
It's a big theater.
There's no way it's me.
It's in pots.
Probably Chris.
You can't smell me from down there.
Says you.
Kendall can smell you.
She's smell.
She's smelling you.
Look, where's no time.
We got to watch this.
What?
Look at this green screen.
Whatever they use back then.
It is a hilariously empty theater game.
What's happening?
Oh, no.
It was her.
Her name is Katie Collins.
She'll be eight years old.
What?
The Mount Everest of insane 70s Italian movies.
That is the one.
Absolutely cocaine.
Only art this strong can only come from cocaine.
Sorry, buddy.
Sorry to fix a thing there real quick.
Okay.
Well, add it to the list of movies you never actually watch.
Look, chat gives me a lot of stuff to add to my list.
It's a long list.
I'll give you that.
But the visitor 1979 does need to be on it.
Excellent trailer.
Don't know what is happening.
That's the art is happening.
Sometimes even I just have to give myself over to the power of skin.
And that's the and then as you call it Italian style.
Yes, truly Italian style cinema.
And now it's time to Italian style say goodbye.
Don't tell me when to am I own thing.
I mean, you're lucky I was going to, but it's not because he said to.
Anyway, that's all the fucking time we have.
He's trying to fucking steal my thunder, but he won't.
And you know why?
Because you know what it is.
Bye bye.
Scrum, you're supposed to say hi.
If you're the guest.
What kind of sense does that make?
Waiting for you to welcome me.
Yeah, but no, you're like you're recurring.
So, you know, it's like we already know it's you.
I could be a no, I could be any man.
I have that kind of face.
I look like a lot of different guys.
Does he even want to be here?
No, no, but I'm paying you.
It's all about money with you.
Isn't that why you're here?
I suppose because you've simplified our relationships to a base monetary exchange.
And what would you prefer?
No relationship.
Are you laughing?
No.
What do you want to?
What do you want to even want to talk about Scrum?
You you sent me a text saying I'll do my monthly news today.
What is on the docket?
Goat cheddar.
Why?
Why goat cheddar?
I'm a fan.
I saw there was a goat cheddar related story.
And I thought I'd give it a shot.
Because I got to do one of these.
It's in the contract.
Goat cheddar.
Google has pulled an incorrect Gouda stat from its Super Bowl ad.
Why is the picture of goat cheddar if it's a Gouda ad?
I don't know.
Tell us.
Google has edited Gemini's AI response.
Google has edited Gemini's AI response in a Super Bowl commercial to remove an incorrect statistic about cheese.
The ad which shows a small business owner using Gemini to write a website description about Gouda.
No longer says the variety made up of 50% or 60%.
The variety makes up 50% to 60% of the world's cheese consumption.
In the edited YouTube video, Gemini's response now skips over the specifics of Gouda saying it is one of the most popular cheeses in the world.
Spend more time on it.
And that's pictured here.
This is important.
I'm not sure what's in the ad.
I can spend more time out there on the floor.
I just love talking about cheese.
What's the ad?
There's a lot of cows in Wisconsin.
It's crazy.
We carry over 250 types of Wisconsin cheese.
20 years ago, e-commerce was 5% of our sales.
Now it's 90%.
We don't have a lot of time.
And oh my gosh, I am the worst writer ever.
Gemini in Google Docs helps me.
You can relate to that case.
Write website descriptions so I can spend more time out there on the floor.
I just love talking about cheese.
Not the best ad for cheese.
It's an ad for Gemini Workspace.
So why was it all about cheese then?
Well, no, they were showing that he somehow needs to use AI for his cheese business to do what?
Right?
Emails about cheese?
He got to market the cheese.
He probably has a social media team.
I mean, he's probably 100% made up for this Google ad.
But theoretically, you could use the cheese to write your marketing material.
What?
The soup bowl is this weekend.
Uncle Phil 2K, you've given 100 bits.
Say thank you.
I did.
No, you just said what happened.
Uncle Phil 2K, you've caused a hype train to occur.
Well, that's a group effort.
I should probably rap.
If there's a hype train to show my exuberance, I should probably rap.
Even in commercials, AI gets things wrong.
It was close.
Whose side are you on?
The side of fairness.
Play me a beat.
I hate music and I need to tell the people about it all over the rap.
Cheese, what?
That's cheese.
You don't need to rap if you hate music.
No, the people need to learn.
What?
That music sucks.
Play me a mean trap beat.
Because I need to give music to the business.
About how it's bad.
We got to also do a how to.
I'm going to tell you how to stop, reclog your ears so you don't have to listen to this trash.
Via the power of rap.
Do you hate rap or do you hate music?
Do you like rapping?
I don't understand.
I hate both.
Both apparently are music.
And I'm not a fan of either.
And now I'll rhyme about it.
Okay.
Music.
I am mad.
Oh boy.
Why?
Because music is bad.
Music.
More like lose it.
I wish that there was no music.
If I see a CD, I don't choose it.
And if I see a speaker, you know I blew it.
I turn the music up so loud that you can't ever use a speaker again.
I popped out the fucking Hertz baby.
And it hurts.
Every song that I hear gets worse.
From Bach to Diddy, it's a pity.
It doesn't matter the style.
All music is shitty.
And take it from Scrum bitch.
Because you know I'm not dumb.
When I see music, I get some lumps in my testicles.
I have to sit to secular cancer for music.
That was my answer.
That's what the doctor said.
There are no doctors said that.
Music gave me to secular cancer.
And whose side are you on?
Do you really have to secular cancer?
No.
But that's how I feel about music.
Hype Train makes everybody go rap.
Well, I wish I could take this hype train back.
I take it all the way back to chat.
And tell them you can keep it.
You dumbass.
Because music is wack.
And so is rap.
And rap makes me want to go
Blab, Blab, kill myself.
Stop this.
Nope.
Because you need to know
That's fucking this easy to flow.
So what's the point of going to any music show?
Huh?
Go see Dave Matthews?
More like go see Dave Math lose.
You already fried something with lose.
Lose yourself in the music.
No thanks.
All right.
We got it.
You don't like music.
Do you understand yet?
Yeah, I think I've got you, man.
Anyway, I can't wait for AI to replace all music.
With what?
Bitcoin?
If all music was Bitcoin, the world would be a better place.
And that's what I'm looking forward to.
So get that AI effect right, cheese man.
Okay.
Dave Math lose.
I'm copyrighted.
By who?
I copyrighted it on his behalf.
So now it's officially his.
That's right.
I gave you that.
I'm giving you that title copyrighted.
It's in your name, Dave Matthews.
Dave Math lose.
Scrum's got bars.
I'm impressed.
No, that's the opposite of what I wanted.
What did you want?
For them to understand how bad music is.
My fingers smell of sauce.
Okay.
You need to get out of here.
Well, that's fine because I'm done.
So we now go to a how to and learn how to,
maybe you can learn how to not listen to music.
Take that.
Bye bye.
What the heck?
Why'd that graphic show up?
What did I do to deserve that?
Dang it.
Well, you killed the hype.
Look, you, you know, who knows why you killed it,
but apparently you did.
Shoot.
Well,
I guess something killed you because you're dead in here in the wood, daddy.
Oh, shucks.
Oh, shucky corn.
That's right.
I'm dead.
I'm in the wood.
I'm Jeb's daddy.
Yeah.
Uh, uh, we're kind of getting along today.
Yeah, we played Uno together earlier.
And I, you know, I always say I'm the Uno one trapped in the wood.
Wait a minute.
I say that.
Oh, I do it because I'm in the wood.
Oh, shoot.
Yay.
We're friends today.
Don't push it.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Well, let's look, we got to be quick because I have to get out of here in 15 minutes.
I didn't kill anybody else.
I do need to thank some people.
Citrix, thanks for the subs.
Sorry, Scrum was too busy rapping about how he hates music to thank people.
Apple to Apple, thank you for the 100 bits.
Uh, Dahana, thanks for the 100 bits.
Uncle Phil, the 100 bits.
Good gigantify with the 30 bits.
And, uh, Archangel, thanks again for that sub.
And it looks like we got, we got a comment.
Scrum is a true musician.
That's nice.
Oh no, his dad is in the, he is in the wood.
Oh, shoot.
They're reminding me too.
Well, you know, you forget and then you get confused.
So it's important to keep you constantly reminded of your state.
And I just sort of be in here.
You are, you're in the wood.
Oh man.
Look, we got to watch a video, daddy.
Focus up.
But then you actually look like this.
That's true.
No one wants to play drinking.
What? The audio is so bad.
You're over the case, please.
Sorry, Franklin. We love you.
How to make dancer facial.
All right, before we move on, make sure you subscribe to our channel here at STEEZY.
Like this video and comment below.
Okay, seriously though.
We notice that often dancers tend to talk about facials like they're a separate part of their dancing.
Like, okay, I got the choreo done.
So now I got to add some of the dee-ees and some of the dee-ees and ooh, yeah some of the dee-ees.
But facials or good facials at least, they're separate from your dancing.
They're a part of your dancing.
Oh, yeah because your face is a part of your body.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And since dancing is all about showing how you feel, let your face just show how you feel.
So here's how you do that.
First of all, feel the music.
Pay attention to the lyrics.
Tune into the mood.
And remember an experience that makes you feel that emotion.
Or you can just make up a situation that makes you feel it as well.
Okay.
It's like if this song was playing in a movie, what would be happening in that scene?
That's their dance.
Hello?
I tell all my hoes, break it up, break it down.
One, two, three.
My baby don't mess around me.
What's happening?
They're having fun.
Basically, if you feel sad because you just get sad, then you don't really have to try something hard to look sad.
It's true.
But then again, we have to remember that dance is a performance art.
So there is a difference between being sad and ugly crying and being sad and expressing that emotion beautifully.
Oh, that's right.
So how do you know if you're ugly crying or being beautifully expressive?
Try to record yourself dancing.
Don't use any mirrors, just set the camera up and be fully in the moment.
This helps you see what you're actually doing without peeking out of the mirror all the time.
And it helps you see your entire performance because sometimes you think you're being fully expressive
but then you actually look like this.
Hello darkness my old friend.
And make sure that you go through trial and error.
Not every face is going to look perfect when you do it that way.
Like if I do this, and you decide, Clay, you need an extra, then I can just tone it down a bit.
And if my smile looks where to make it, tone it down.
Or make it bigger. It's really up to you.
Oh my god.
Make sure that you keep on trying different variations to get the effect that you want for your facial.
So to get on point facials every time you dance,
first, feel the music.
Two, report yourself dancing.
And three, fine tune your trial and error.
Hope you guys liked these tips.
Make sure you subscribe to our channel.
Here it's easy, more awesome dance related videos.
Give this video a huge thumbs up.
And let us know in the comments what facial you all think.
Is Jeb going to learn to twerk?
That's not a dance facial.
You want to make a face with my ass?
Call it jiggles?
Jeb's facial is in high demand.
Thank you.
Wait, is Jeb's dad in all the wood?
Could he move from wood piece to another?
Jump from a brick to a hut, to a kitchen cabinet?
The metaphysics of wood.
Great question, no.
He's just in the one piece.
And he can't get out of it.
Oh, is that how that works?
Yeah, those are the rules.
Not any wiggle room there?
Nope.
That's the one piece.
I left my dad in one piece.
Wait, you did what?
No, I mean you just ended up in there.
Anyway, the tricks to the music.
As seen here, feel the music, record yourself, trial and error.
While I'm being recorded,
I love this track, this repetitive, gentle music track.
I'd say this is one of the most evocative pieces of music ever written.
So if I feel this, it kind of makes me feel like,
well, you could also think of an experience, Jeb.
Like for say the instance,
for instance the day I apparently died and got trapped in this wood.
Oh, like think of how that makes me feel.
Bad is how that makes me feel.
I'm feeling things now too.
Ah, your feelings are all wood.
We're getting along today.
Okay, we might only have time for one more, so I better pick up the bass.
How to make a CPU.
Oh, I've actually already seen that one.
Wrote singing, how to deal with a carrot.
A little bit risky.
It's nine minutes long.
Nah, I don't think this one's real.
Okay.
The Cruisin' Gourmet show how to stuff a turkey.
Okay, well, we'll go with this one.
Ahem.
This Thursday at nine, watch for the SCTV premiere of the Cruisin' Gourmet.
Okay, how you doing?
Today, the gourmet is going to teach you how to stuff a turkey, okay?
What you do first of all is tenderize it.
What is?
Okay, now the bird is tender.
Now what you gotta do is make sure the bird is dead.
What is?
Huh?
You dead? Huh?
Hey, you dead? Huh? Huh? Huh?
The bird is dead.
Now we're gonna stuff the bird.
Oh.
Yeah, that's good, huh?
What's your preference? Beaks or cheeks, huh?
Okay, let's go.
Okay.
Huh, alright.
SNL?
Nah, I don't think so.
Nope.
What was that?
I don't know, something else.
SCTV.
Oh yeah, yeah, you should know that.
Because you're, you were old?
I don't know, how old am I?
How long have I been in here?
I'm probably long enough that you should have remembered SCTV.
That wasn't that popular, right? That's why I went up here.
No, it was pretty popular.
Okay, I do need to leave in five.
We have to shut down the stream in five minutes.
How to cook biscuits?
Ooh, what the heck? This one's nine minutes long.
I can't do it in time. We have to save for next time.
How to make alcohol with no equipment?
In this?
15 minutes, but I am curious.
How to celebrate, wait, tech minute,
how to celebrate the Chinese New Year?
Okay, this is only one minute, so we do have time.
This is what we'll go out on.
That was SCTV.
Are you a horse, tiger, dragon, or pig?
Find your Chinese zodiac sign and learn about the qualities
that define people born in your birth year.
Okay.
Android and iPhone users will enjoy free apps called Chinese
Horoscope. They're from different companies, but offer similar
services like daily and weekly horoscopes.
Get the whole family into the Chinese New Year fun with
the free iPhone app Lunar New Year.
Learn about the holiday through an interactive game as a dragon
visits a Chinese village to collect coins.
You might even brush up on your Chinese as there are spoken
audio clips teaching you how to pronounce certain words
relating to the festivities.
Like? Sure.
And finally, if you want to take your Chinese New Year celebration
into the kitchen, download a recipe app to learn to make
authentic Chinese food.
iPhone users will enjoy the free Chinese recipes by
ifood.tv app for its instructional videos of dishes
from all different regions in China.
Android users should try a simple app also called
Chinese Food as it features 100 of the basic beloved recipes.
In San Francisco, I'm Carl.
Siobhoy, CNET.com for CBS News.
Let's open up the app.
There's an app for that.
How good is Jeb at Facials?
You tell me.
That's a pretty fun dance one.
Okay, now I'm sad.
Oh, that's another dance facial.
Or.
It's raining and I like it.
Oh.
Oh.
That's another emotion.
Okay.
Mm.
If your dad is in one piece, is he a wood... a wood... a wood boat?
A wood-eve boat?
If your dad is in one piece, is he a wood-eve boat?
Are you?
What? What?
I'd say yes.
Is Jeb's dad a wood sign?
Well, I'm a sign that something happened.
But I still don't know what.
That's a good way to think of it.
That's fun.
Okay, well...
I'll send it back to case so that he can throw it to the other thing.
And if you don't know how I do that, well, I actually learned, but I learned it late in life.
And the reason I could do that is that I've never too well to learn a new trick. Bye-bye.
Yes! A quick news!
Let's raid Gina!
Miss Gina, darling! I'm back to streaming later.
So I can finally raid Gina again.
Okay.
Nice.
Thanks for hanging out for a quick one, everybody.
I'll be back on Friday.
I think back at like one o'clock.
Around one.
The goal is between 12.30 and 1.30.
We could probably do a longer one on Friday.
I hope.
Nice.
Okay, I better get over to Cast- I better get over to Cast-time.
It's Cast-time.
Join the cream team if you want to hear from Cast.
It's your only way.
He's a big-time Hollywood producer now.
He just doesn't have time to be streaming all the time.
You know what that's like as a big-time Hollywood producer, right, Pipita?
Because you produce?
I don't- I don't think I do that.
I can't read what this says.
I don't know.
What's your big-time?
I don't know if I'm here.
Okay, well I do need to go, so.
I'm a big-time Hollywood producer though.
That's what I was just saying.
Just agree with me if you agree.
I don't even know what- I don't know what I'm saying, case.
I keep running in circles, which is the thing I like to do.
You know why?
Because you're a dog.
Because my legs are different lengths.
So I kind of naturally go in a circle if I really take off.
They're weird lengths.
Alright, well look at the raids happening.
I'll see you at the- the- the Patreon if you're there.
And if not, I'll see you Friday. Bye-bye.
Pipita, can you just back me up a little bit?
I don't- yeah? I- was I?
What is- what is a question even, case?
I'm on a basic level here. I'm an animal.
So take it easy.