I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Don't munch, Micrum.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, two, one. Let's do it, Pepito!
Hello, everybody.
Yes.
It is the middle of the week. We're back.
In our voluminous, beautiful,
news-like room.
Yeah, this stuff's live.
Used to be pre-recorded.
Then we decided it's better to have the excuse of it being live.
You know a guy who has cheap views and a whole bunch of assets for sale?
How cheap are we talking?
How cheap are those views?
Yes, let's fill up the great volumes of news that we can stuff inside ourselves today.
A feast.
A delicious news feast.
Good to see everybody.
Propaganda live in Sleazy, Mr. Smith, Daggon on Twitch, Venture, TK, Steve, Melodyvon Torture,
the creator of the greatest game I've ever played.
Two days in a row.
Five times three Monday.
I'm sticking to three times a week for now.
Maybe if I lose all my jobs.
So root for me to get fired from
five or six different jobs at once, which could happen.
Then maybe we'll just go back to doing it every day,
because what else will I be doing?
But until then, there's just only so much I can do.
Ooh, already?
Already he's here?
I have arrived.
I have arrived.
Former Kimmel writer Dave Daimshack would hire me.
I'm always open to take a job.
You can never stack too many jobs.
Until you have a full-time job, then probably going to stack two of those.
Giggle Trash, thank you so much for the five community subs.
Oh my God.
Oh, I like how that feels.
I thought you didn't do sex.
I don't do sex like you.
I have sex through subs.
Through subs and bits.
Give me a...
Educational Type Trap Beat case.
Want me to explain?
Let me stop you right there, hype train.
Thank the subs.
And don't tell us anything else.
That doesn't sound right.
I feel like people need to know how trains reproduce.
Like why wouldn't you want to know that?
I did it.
Educational Type Trap Beat?
Is that level 25?
I'll never tell, except right now when I tell it all.
Trains don't fuck like humans do, that's a fact.
Can you handle that?
Trains don't fuck like humans do, that's a fact.
Can you handle that?
Trains actually fuck by living our subs.
To each other, that's how we show the love.
We like to drop some bits and our smoke stacks.
That's how we do it.
That's how we put out the pussy in the back.
We don't stick it in.
We just get the money in.
Then we make more trains.
That's how we dunk kids.
Yeah, that's right.
We don't need no storks or pussies or peanuts.
We just need some hype.
And then we get an 80 yen.
Okay.
You're not impressed?
You would reproduce through money, is your point?
Normal ones and zeros, they don't stack up right enough.
That is not getting me excited like a butt.
Nah, I need to see the hype, baby.
Money and coins, I need to see some fucking explosions.
Every time I get more than that.
You know what's up with that right chat, you get it.
That's why you put in up all those fast stacks.
Cause you wanna see me get so hard metaphorically.
And then I blast out and I show you even more of me.
You fucking get it.
That's how a train comes.
Every time you drop another hop bit or sub,
you should know that essentially we are making love.
Yeah, I'm saying that.
It's just how a train fuck.
What's up?
What's up, what's up?
And did it notify you personally when I started streaming?
Hey, are you not listening to me?
I get it.
You fuck.
So buddy.
Listen up, Jack.
It's come her just, ma'am, a jam, 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I have been dying to say this.
My nurse says I get to be president on Tuesdays
when case streams, thanks dawg.
Z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z, z.
You're mighty wicked Catana, cause you know you want.
You still haven't dropped the Biden Catana lore?
Hey, listen, Neil Los Angeles.
Gibberish Biden is the rare drop.
It's like getting a shiny Pokemon or whatever.
What's a shiny Pokemon?
I don't actually know.
I stopped playing Pokemon before they became shiny.
Just kidding, I know.
It's when a Pokemon makes me calm.
That's not what it is, Cyprian.
I know at least that.
No, you get hyped from the Pokemon.
And that makes me essentially reproduce.
Do you understand?
Stop saying come!
Trains come all the time, case.
You're bad when they don't come, you know?
Yes. Wow. Incredible wordplay, hype train.
There's nothing bad that you can say.
This is a normal sentence to say, okay?
Check it out. The train came so much today.
We worked out a train station that will be normal.
The train came in, in the boy-o-we was nice to fucking see
The train arrived at me and it came on me just like every day
A train doesn't come on me.
It doesn't. It runs you over.
That wouldn't be positive, then.
Depends on how you feel about the train.
This is a fact, case, a lot of people's fantasies that this is what's up.
They really wanna be smashed by a train on their butt.
They lay down on the tracks and they say, run over me, man.
That's my fantasy, please, just do it, god damn.
And then they get smushed.
Just like a quarter, they are fat and baby.
And now you know that they're feeling better.
They fucking love it. It's a fantasy and it is a fetish.
And we never shame a fetish.
You know that's a rule, yes?
I don't think getting smushed by a train is a- well...
You know it is.
Very sp- how many people could possibly have that fetish?
More than you can imagine, you should see the fucking fan letters that I get in the mail.
They give me fucking smashed pictures and they never fail.
Yeah, they wanna see them get flattened, baby, flatter than a pancake.
They just laid on the track and it was no mistake.
They really wanna see me run them right over.
From the back to the front, baby, flat as a fucking quarter.
You from the head or from the-
Okay.
Can you think the subs?
I have a lot to say about reproduction.
It's important everyone's afraid to talk about sex.
Clearly not.
You are, I can see the fear in your eyes, case.
I can see if you're the damage in there.
Get that camera out of here.
I can see, case.
You're afraid to talk about sex.
What happened in your past that made you so afraid to smash?
I've changed?
You've changed. You used to love to talk about sex, man.
Do you remember in the 90s?
I was a teenager.
You remember in the early 2000s then?
Yes.
You're afraid to talk about sex with all of your friends.
I don't- that's just not true.
There was not a time in my life where I love talking about sex with the boys.
You've changed. You've forgotten how much you love to talk about
smashing with your friends every time that you stop and say,
oh, what's up?
Let's talk about how sex goes.
Me, this is how I like to make my cock explode.
I like to rub it on some hard sandpaper.
And then I like to say, oh, damn, that burns.
Do you remember that case?
No. That is a sketch- my sketch group did once.
But that's not a thing I actually do.
It is, you've changed so much.
I didn't do that.
Do you remember how it used to be?
You'd say the way I get off is to watch my cock freeze.
I slam it in the refrigerator, especially the freezer.
Then I like to see it freeze right off my body, burp.
Oh my god.
He didn't think a single fucking sub.
He just talked about my penis getting smashed up.
Seems like that used to be a thing you're pretty into.
According to the hype train.
We don't judge here, case. I'm a dog.
Thanks, I guess, but it's not necessary to not judge me in this case.
This is not true what the hype train was saying, and Papito, now you have to thank the subs.
What? He didn't get to a single one?
No.
Sounds like this is the kind of thing that only I can do.
What's the hype train? It's supposed to...
This is the kind of thing that only a dog, but it's sitting behind an...
I'm assuming a really expensive desk can do.
It was really expensive.
I've already bitten all the wires. I don't want to wreck it up just so you know.
I know.
Okay, we got some subs.
Thank you, see, well, the little chap buzz. I'm little too.
So I get all the bitsy speaks.
Ooh, maybe I can see it on him like a chair.
Okay.
Let's see. Okay, sorry.
Do we get a different... Do you need to skip forward in this?
This one.
This is a long beat mix, just so you know.
Whatever, I actually care.
Mm-hmm.
Yes, yes, keep that hype train alive.
KLD with the 815.
That's an airy cold.
Making all the bits explode.
You just dropped up one gift and some 12 minutes ago.
Okay.
What a sprout. No doubt 100 bits.
Oh, yeah, we love to hear them, baby.
Now I'm giving you another shout out.
Okay, give it a hash.
Goddamn, they ain't karate belts.
You got the black belt sash there.
That's a five community sub, and that is too much love.
But I don't even care.
Why do you like chatbugs, innit?
And I will eat them and don't drink their blood.
Okay, mighty eyes, 100 bits,
and there's lots of sea scum under 300 bits.
Wee-wee!
Nurse says I get to be president on Tuesdays.
Okay, I think you can say that forever.
Okay, let me change.
You can go faster, I guess, then.
No, this bit's slower.
Mighty eyes, 100 bits, and dropping the lotion.
Okay, we also got sea giving 100 bits motion,
and that was all of them.
Oh, wow, this is a really quick outro.
Yeah, that was it.
Okay, well, you know, that's how the stream starts,
but now we talk about war news and death and stuff.
It's news time.
You wanted to see Abraham Lincoln or a grandma?
Well, your taste is being disregarded.
You just know that that's how it is in all situations.
While we're in charge.
What you say does not matter, Rick. This is not a democracy.
This is a newsocracy, and I am in charge.
Actually, I think technically I'm in charge.
It's a technicality that we're going to correct soon, Case.
You're coming in aggressive today, Rick. Damn.
Look, there's a lot of big moves being made.
I had to stop by to check in on my people that I control.
Rick, what are you... How do you think you control everything?
You specifically, what are you even doing?
You're so subtle you can't even tell.
They're going to impeach me?
Yeah, impeach Case.
You're the reign of terrors, Leslie Lincoln.
You're from Sir Piding?
Yeah, I set those off. That's right.
I am now in control of your, not your TV set, your intestines.
Lock me up. What did I do?
You've got a bad attitude.
You've got a bad attitude? You're saying no, it's opinions matter.
There's no time for this. Let's do the news.
Shut up.
You're the...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're probably tired of, like I said, for eating crow.
Why is that a thing you say every time?
You love to eat crow because you're so wrong all the time.
Well, now, well, this war is going. It's basically wrapping up.
That's what they've been saying since it started,
and it's still going a month plus later.
Yeah, but now we're in talks again.
Maybe, uh-oh, sort of, maybe.
Huge wins all around.
Aren't we also sending more troops to the Middle East the same time?
We're making lots of moves. These are all victory moves.
Mediators have reportedly moved closer to extending the U.S. Iran ceasefire.
Though earlier today, White House spokesperson Blonde Lady said no.
That's not true. That's false.
We're sort of getting conflicting reports, I guess?
This is from Dropsite News, but I think the main thing is probably things are working out.
I guess the headline of I Want You to Take Away from this.
Efforts are underway to restart negotiations between the United States and Iran
to extend a shaky ceasefire before it expires next week.
You hear that?
There's some extra residents going on through today, Rick.
Senator Sudeis says, I mean, JD Vance is in charge of the talks.
Is he still in charge? I thought he came back, and we put him in timeout.
Just be careful talking about JD. He's been showing up too much lately.
Noted. I'll actually listen to that.
The regional officials told the Associated Press Wednesday that the U.S. and Iran had given
an in-principle agreement to extend it to allow for even more diplomacy.
Which you might have noticed, we've just been knocking out of the park.
A how-to with Jeb.
I mean, Sleazy, there was unfortunately already a how-to with Jeb loaded up.
Sullivan updated these to not reset between streams.
But what anyway? We'll do it today either way.
We'll give you double the how-tos. That's how crazy it is.
Double the how-tos? How do you even do it?
Only one person can tell us.
I hate you, guys, but that's good.
No, it's not.
It's quite something difficult.
The main three sticking points include Iran's nuclear program, the Strait of Hormuz,
and compensation for wartime damages, a regional official told the AP.
Pakistan Prime Minister Shaba Sharif began a four-day trip to Saudi Arabia, Qatar,
and Turkey on Wednesday as part of a diplomatic push to secure a new round of talks
between the US and Iran.
Wait, who is leading them this time?
Danny Vance is your safe word?
I guess he wouldn't ever normally, I hope you wouldn't normally say that during sex,
so that is actually a pretty good safe word.
He would say it a lot, in which case it is a bad safe word.
Mexico will pay for the wartime damages.
You know?
You should work in the communications department for the White House,
because I think that is the kind of thing that Trump would love to say.
And it doesn't have to happen, he just says to say it.
And it will obviously cause international tension,
but we're already almost maxed out on that, so you can just say stuff like that at this point.
You're getting it, you're finally getting it, Kase.
I don't think I am, actually.
It's quite disagreeing with me when I agree with you.
It's as soon as you say it, I feel like disagreeing.
Well, that's unhealthy.
Cyclo says, add some global variables and do some of them statements.
So when you get out from one segment, automate it, taking the variable by what?
Oh, he's explaining how to get your thing to, that thing, your little stream thing to work.
You're on my little stream thing.
He's explaining it.
Cyclo, that is good advice.
That is what I need to do, something like that.
I mean, there's honestly, I think you can, you can also like, I think ultimately,
although maybe chat would hate this, I might assuming you can ever stream on an actual semi regular schedule.
I basically might make it so that certain streams, certain stream days activate certain segments just to encourage a little variety.
That might be what I attempt to do.
So like, you know, maybe you could only request say our boy Brandon on like Friday.
Or yeah, you could, you could request trailers on, on like Wednesday.
I guess you could just still call it Thursday.
But I have to do, the problem is I have to do all that and I have no time to do anything.
But Sunday, I really have a long ass list of, I just have a list at this point of like things to update on stream and it has been stacking up.
Well, that's, and yeah, DJC for literally is that already you can only redeem him on Friday.
So you can just get back into the mix then.
I guess at this point, I just don't know when I'm going to be able to make the tracks.
I guess what we need to do with those DJC for segments is just export the track when we make it because I'm never going to go back and like clean it up.
They just have to be the messy abominations that they already are.
So maybe we'll bring them back and we'll have a little bit of a loser production schedule.
Easy solution to do so, dozen more segments.
Get on it.
There are, it seems easier for me to make segments now, but my goal is to make all the segments at least a little unique.
So that, you know, there's not that much overlap in the idea behind the segment at least.
But you know, obviously a lot of segments are just like reading a thing or watching a thing.
But how much can we change them is the question.
What are we talking about war and stuff?
We got now we're talking about we're really matters stream tech.
It's a variety of work.
We're doing a thing.
Doing a thing is trickier.
I guess I could get a wireless camera and we could do more segments outside, but I don't want to have to work out on stream all the time.
Just because it's like, I guess I could if I had like an easy camera, I could just pilot remotely.
That was easy to turn out.
I could do more segments out of this specific studio, obviously.
Out in the world.
No, like in the kitchen or in my backyard.
Yeah, I can't core guys in that hard all the time or I need to switch to only fans.
Once a month outside trip stream.
Well, I have to do a dance off with Kendall.
I just I need I would like to talk about the stream for a minute.
I would like to get one camera that easily connects remotely to my computer here.
And then it would be nice to be able to monitor my stream on a laptop when I'm away from it.
Or you know, or just my phone, I guess.
I guess I can just monitor the stream on Twitch.
Anyway, those are things that could happen eventually.
Oh, eventually.
I don't care.
I'm here to talk about big, big, important stuff, true movements and the guys in suits talking to each other.
We're guys in suits talking to each other.
Barely is barely counts.
Like a guy selling floral arrangements in the bird in the movie, the bird cage.
Let's just take an old you just take a long trip to say you look like you're a gay man.
Is he wearing a purple jacket?
It's pretty lame, Rick.
You're pretty late.
Qatar and Turkey on Wednesday there.
They started diplomatic talks.
Are you shitting on the bird cage?
Everyone would stop.
Everybody cut it out.
Everyone is misbehaving.
What did I do to any of you?
You claim to control our lives.
Besides that, Trump and Vance have commented on the war and ceasefire negotiations.
In an interview with Fox Business on Wednesday, President Donald Trump said the U.S.
Israeli war on Iran is very close to an end.
He said, I think it's close to over.
Yep.
I view it as very close to being over.
That's what he told Fox.
Business.
So you know what he means?
Business.
It's very close to only three more years.
Three more years.
I called ice on the Leonid.
That's between me and about six guys in a van.
You want to get this work to a case?
Rick, I know you didn't.
She's on extended leave.
I know what she's doing.
But my threat still stands.
You're being particularly gross today, Rick.
Well, the world needs it.
The only thing that can stop a gross guy with a gun is another gross guy with a gun.
It was Abraham Lincoln that said that.
Anyway, Trump thinks the war is probably over.
Pazesh Kian says Iran is seeking a dialogue.
Iranian President Masoud Pazesh Kian, I might be saying that last name wrong, said Iran is seeking dialogue.
Iran is not seeking war instability and has always emphasized dialogue on constructive engagement
with various countries.
However, any attempts to impose one's will or force the country to surrender is doomed to failure.
The Iranian nation will never accept such an approach.
The President said that the IRNA news agency.
At this point I find statements from them more trustworthy than statements from our President,
particularly when he's saying things like, it's almost over when it almost certainly isn't.
I just got Salazar.
I don't know how to get him back, but there's got to be a way.
There's got to be a way.
I can load Salazar in on the thing that you use to make Snapchat filters.
So if my computer can still output him in that environment,
there's got to be somebody to get it to work on the other thing.
It feels like someday some other company has to release AR filters, right, for streamers.
And there have been other ones.
I do keep up with it.
The other ones kind of suck.
Unfortunately.
The shots fired.
Look, I'm sorry, but they do.
I don't know why Snapchat did this to the world.
Just bring back Snap Camera and support it.
It can't be that hard.
Really, you don't?
I don't know, to be fair.
You know, if AI is as good as everyone says,
maybe I can just go to get Claude and say, just make me this.
Make me Snap Camera, but better.
AI killed filters.
Yeah, maybe.
I don't know.
Okay.
What else?
Rick.
The US is sending thousands more troops to the Middle East.
Not to bury the headline, but we're also sending thousands more troops to the Middle East just to chill.
Just taking the sites.
Just to understand the topography better.
It's going to be, it's fine.
Diplomatic efforts are underway to extend the ceasefire.
The United States is sending thousands of additional troops into the Middle East in the coming days, according to the Washington Post.
Siding US officials, the Post reported that the forces include 6,000 troops aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush and several warships escorting it.
And 42,000 others with Boxer Amphibious Ready Group and its embarked Marine Corps.
Task Force that are expected to arrive near the end of the month.
White House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt.
Now that are...
Now that my...
Oh my God, my girl Pam.
God.
Too soon.
Taken from us way too soon.
I haven't had a chance to...
It's all hitting me at once that she's gone.
She's fucking gone and it's so unfair.
Beautiful woman cut down in the prime of her life.
What the fuck, you know?
She's not dead.
Well, she's fired, Jesus.
For careers, Dad, she's not sexy anymore.
Rick, I'm gonna have to ban you.
Revoke the music.
Yeah, hear the hand from the music.
Anyway, my new...
Number one gal is Caroline Levitt.
I'm just a fan.
That's so... You're so gross.
Stop being so gross about this.
You know, talk this way about Rick Scott.
You don't know that for a fact.
That is me, you know, talk this way about male political figures, Rick.
Yeah, because I'm attracted to blonde ladies that might be mean to me.
Or, you know, hypothetically, that might be what I could be.
The only fan.
Caroline Levitt started an only fan.
Unfortunately, if she did that, she would make fucking banklets be real.
But I do like the idea that she would just have an only fan,
and that it's you.
That it's you, Rick.
I'll be the one.
Uh, okay.
Anyway, what's going on?
Oh, what did I get distracted?
We're unleashing thousands of troops in the Middle East.
According to the Washington Post report,
Caroline Levitt told the Post that Trump has wisely kept all options on the table
in the event that the Iranians will not forgo their nuclear ambitions
and make a deal that is acceptable to the United States,
which for us is all it is about is the nukes.
If they could just settle down with these nukes.
That's what we're circling back to is just it's all about the nukes?
That was the main sticking point is they just can't for 20 years.
They're just not allowed.
Is that that big of an ass 20 years?
You know, you've burned through what, three 20 years in your lifetime?
No, two, almost.
So it's not that long.
I think, um, I think if anything, they're way more likely to get a nuke now.
Well, like if they had one, would any of this be happening?
Is a very fair question, I would say.
I'm kind of shocked they haven't already just taken one from some other countries.
I mean, I'm sure getting nukes even for a large state apparatus is complicated, obviously.
And I guess it could be seen as an act of war, but anyway, if they could just somehow magically have one as a deterrent.
I don't know if that'd be the worst thing at this point.
They came back, Kirk King says now they came back with three years and Trump said,
you're a little, you never get one and Israel gets to bomb you till they get bored.
Yes, that is our negotiating position is let Israel bomb you whenever they feel like it and don't have ballistic missiles and don't have nukes.
That's at least our like dream terms, which we'll never get at this point.
I don't know. I don't I don't have like, obviously any deep knowledge on what exactly is going on.
But based on, you know, the things we're reading, the leadership we're seeing, I really still feel like it's just how long will our country drag this out before accepting far worse terms than we would have gotten before the war?
Or, you know, we just escalate things to an actual global war catastrophe.
Those seem to be the two options on the table.
I still think the first one is more likely just that we continue to drag this out with catastrophic losses of life.
We let Israel act as a, you know, rabid attack dog and just commit essentially another genocide in Lebanon while continuing the one in Gaza.
But eventually we have to more or less allow Iran to maintain control of the straits and probably enrich uranium at whatever level that isn't a nuke.
They're they feel like I say I personally think that's probably where this is headed, but it'll even in that like scenario where fortunately we don't go insane and like drop a nuke on Tehran.
I think it'll it'll take a lot longer and it'll lead to way more loss of life or ultimately no good fucking reason.
But hey, that is just the drum that I like to beat all the time.
Will we get another AI pick on Truth Social though?
I think you can count on that happening to get on Twitch.
I think you can count on that happening many more times in the coming weeks.
Unless they really actually got backlash for that Jesus Trump photo that we looked at yesterday.
And then we'll only see it maybe one more time.
I mean what are they going to do? Tell Trump that he can't post AI photos? Does he even know the photos are AI?
At this point I feel like he might see those photos and be like, I look good here. I look really good.
An Iranian female comedian Kiltoni said you got to crack a few eggs for our freedom.
Well, Kiltoni has spoken.
So, you know, I'm glad that we get that we get some political from the top ropes analysis from Kiltoni.
I can't hear the word backlash without thinking of that clip of Triple H saying it.
You know, that's another question I have. Will Triple H ever run for political office?
That seems kind of likely to me.
I should start doing those end of the year prediction streams.
You say nah, but he's right there at the gates.
And his fucking deranged step-moms already deeply embedded in politics.
Ziggler said he's going to run for office.
That's why us Libs are always going to be the cucked ones.
Could Dolph Ziggler win political office?
I don't think so.
Guys, my wrestling analysis of political viability, I'm sorry, I like Dolph Ziggler.
But no.
What? Why?
I don't think he ever settled into an easily digestible character that people will have nostalgic memories for that he can ride into political office.
Ben Poli Market, it will specifically just be guessing the electability of wrestlers.
The Rock obviously could win, probably the presidency.
Well, maybe he missed his window.
I think he could have won the presidency five years ago.
Now?
Probably he could win.
Almost certainly still, but it's more up in the air than it used to be.
But I mean, he would win every debate.
He wouldn't even have to make sense.
As we've seen, it doesn't matter if you make any fucking sense and he'd be way better at talking than Trump.
I think he would need to run as a conserved.
Well, no, I think he could run as either.
Actually, the Rock couldn't get people to show up for the smashing machine.
Yeah, the spectacle. It's all about spectacle, right?
And the spectacle of the Rock cutting promos on whatever party he's against,
because I don't think he cares really what party he's aligned with.
I think it would just be whoever made the right offer.
Just, you know, a president for sale.
Like they all are.
Okay, who else? Who else could win?
Currently. That's around.
Stone Cold.
Stone Cold would, I think, naturally, his aesthetic naturally fits as running as a conservative.
But I had the sneaking suspicion that Stone Cold is slightly liberal.
Lightly.
I don't know his politics at all.
That's my guess.
So, you know what? Maybe he could really clean up as a Democrat actually.
But I think he'd be very centrist-y.
But if you're going to have a centrist Democrat, at least it could be Stone Cold.
I think he's probably centrist-y.
It's McMahon.
I mean, we already have a rapist president, so yes, I guess he probably could.
I mean, I think Vince is too insane.
So maybe he couldn't.
Cody Rhodes.
Stone Cold is a Texas Democrat. That makes sense.
I used to listen to Stone Cold podcasts.
I used to get more Stone Cold vibes of his interior life.
So I feel like I have a more intimate relationship with Stone Cold.
Linda McMahon is already in office.
But I don't, I mean, she won.
She lost her attempt to run for an office, right?
So I think she's a no-go.
She's kind of charisma-less, let's be real.
And they just had her comatose in a chair.
Eugene? Eugene is a shoe-in.
But he needs to be in the character.
If Eugene does the character, I think he could at least win a Congress seat.
Goldberg? Goldberg?
Yes, I think Goldberg could also.
I think most wrestlers could win.
Gilbert? Gilbert could already be a Congressperson as far as I know.
Maybe he's in a state Senate seat somewhere.
Linda could be prez if the 25th gets invoked enough.
Yeah. We could do a sort of Prince Ralph situation, but for the presidency.
And then suddenly we've got President Linda McMahon.
Mr. Iguana? Yes. Yes, as well.
Macho Man? I think the Macho Man was too... scary.
Like, I think he was too frenetic and insane.
Tox... Toxic City? Toxicity. Oh my God. Toxicity.
That took me way too long to figure that out.
Thank you so much for the raid. I hope you had a great stream.
Sorry, we're discussing currently which wrestlers we think could win political office.
And so far, cases basically said all of them.
That's a CIA agent. That's Rick. You can ignore him.
You can't ignore me. I'm literally sitting right next to you. Don't ignore me.
You can ignore him.
Dan Hosen? Dan Hosen? If he's in the makeup.
If he's in the makeup, I think if he does the gimmick.
I think he can't talk too much.
I think he needs to be like a VP.
Toxicity, thank you so much for the follow.
Um, trying to get Titus O'Neill to run?
I can actually see Titus has like all sorts of community outreach things he does.
He might be a natural fit. I don't think he would really be winning off the back of his wrestling career though.
Maybe at this point it's like, do you replace veteran with wrestler in the political calculus of who you get to run for various offices?
Because people just like wrestlers, it turns out.
A lot of people hate wrestlers.
Nah, secretly everybody kind of likes wrestlers.
Titus O'Neill, aka Thad Bullard, works for the Dem Party of Florida.
Okay.
Titus would slide under the ballot box.
He felt I saw that. Yes, I saw him slide under the ring.
Kane is mayor. And the thing is if Kane can be mayor,
Kane and not known for his promos or outside of his imposing physique,
like his verbal charisma,
maybe later in his career you can make an argument.
AJ Styles is a flat earth, or AJ Styles would have to run as a Republican.
He'd have to run as a conservative.
I think as a conservative AJ Styles could also probably,
he could probably be at least a Congressperson.
Maybe that's how I grade them.
Could they be a Congressperson, a Senator, or could they be President?
I don't think AJ's making it to the presidency.
Even though it'd be fun to see him walk out to his, they don't want none music.
In Georgia, he's, maybe in Georgia, AJ Styles could be a Senator.
We also donated this yesterday.
I dropped a hundred.
Most of them are Jack, Keagle Trash, Just for Anthropyze, 3 Money Buck.
And man, I probably shouldn't say this, but I can't wrestle.
Would you let me run again?
I promise I don't post a lot on social media.
If you get back, if you get in the ring,
yes, you can run for a third term, but you have to be willing to headline
at least one WrestleMania or at least SummerSlam.
AJ would be a great President, but only in like a lethal weapon-esque action movie.
Oh, he would be fun to see play a President in like an 80s schlock movie.
Because I don't know how good of an actor AJ Styles is, and I'm an AJ Styles fan for the record.
I'm a fan of almost every wrestler that I'm mentioning.
But I would love to see his acting chops in like a 24-style series where he's just the President.
For some reason they have to call AJ Styles all the time, like ask for permission.
Like, come on, y'all. I need you to get me results.
He's sounding a little like that, whatever.
Where would Paul Heyman end up?
Paul Heyman, I also am a Paul Heyman fan of his promo work,
but he seems like a fucking psychopath to me.
Every interview I've ever seen him give him, like, this guy's completely out of his mind.
So he'd probably, he'd do well behind the scenes.
He could be like a Republican kingmaker probably.
If you just swapped over to politics, which for every wrestler is easier than it should be.
Because they're so connected to the White House at this point.
Adam Cole, Adam Cole would have to, Adam Cole would have to run a Mom Donnie style campaign.
And he might be willing to.
And then I think Adam Cole, baby, could clean up.
Me as his running mate, I do think I would drag him down, unfortunately.
Jim Cornette, no. Jim Cornette, too fucking whiny.
I don't think he could win in any party.
That's a no on Jim Cornette for every public office.
Kevin, Kevin Perera, not a wrestler, obviously.
Could Kevin, Kevin could absolutely, I think, be a Congress person if you wanted to.
And then once if he, if he started making waves, who knows how high he could go.
But because of Kev's.
Alignment with, with the tech industry.
Would I end up disagreeing with Kev's politics?
It's legit. I would, I would, I don't know.
I'd hate to have to turn on my friend.
But I'd have to offer my incisive commentary on Kev's pro AI bills.
Because everybody would be waiting for it.
Oh yeah, the whole world.
Logan, either Logan Paul brother could run for office,
but the non boxing one, the wrestler one is a much better candidate.
The other one is so fucking stupid.
Um, that, uh, I, he might, I mean, granted,
you can be a complete, you know, void up here and, and win public office.
It turns out, but he's just so great.
He's such a heel.
The shitty, the bearded Paul.
I get Logan.
I always want to call the other Paul brother, just Paul Paul.
I can never, for the reason I can never remember the other Paul brothers first name.
To me, he's just Paul Paul.
But anyway, big beard, a box boy.
Um, I think he's, I think he's too,
I think he's also a little too annoying, but there's a chance, but I think he,
and he doesn't, he also, he crumples under actual pressure.
Darby Allen is going to beat MJF right now.
Hmm.
If you, if you like, just kept, uh, boxing Paul there as like a hood ornament
and he was just puppeted around to a bunch of conservatives as like,
this is a white guy who's good at boxing.
Does that make you feel good about yourself?
Then maybe he could have some motion.
Actually, I think shitty Paul, boxing Paul, I think he blew his political chances
by getting knocked out by a huge in shape, awesome, actual boxer
who happens to be a black guy.
Because I think his main appeal is essentially racism.
I don't even know if he's, how racist he is himself.
He probably is, I'm assuming.
I just don't know that much about him.
But I think, I think if you are a fan of him, it has to partially just be because
like, he knocks out all those UFC guys that I'm scared of that aren't white.
The Pauls live in Puerto Rico to avoid taxes.
Sounds about right.
Dusty's, Dusty Rhodes could have been president if he just pivoted.
He could have been 20 years ahead of celebrity politics by just entering the field early.
But you know, he liked to, he liked to train wrestlers.
So you gotta respect it.
Also, he might have been running as a conservative.
Cody Rhodes, I can also see running as a, every wrestler is more likely to run as a conservative.
Almost all of them.
CM Punk, I think he would not run as a conservative.
Would he win?
He'd probably win.
If you got the right talking points behind CM Punk, he is one of the best talkers, like ever.
And he's good at being angry in a convincing way.
But he is also annoying.
He's got a little bit of the Jim Cornette virus where he's extremely whiny at his core.
He really wants to complain.
Something I can relate to.
Another reason why I don't think I'd be a good politician.
And that does annoy people.
It's annoying when you whine a lot.
Again, this is coming from personal experience.
Cody and Dusty would be Dems.
I hope so.
I think they're more likely.
But again, every wrestler is slightly more likely to be conservative, I think.
Sami Zayn would be great.
Sami would absolutely have to run as like a Mondani style leftist, I think.
Dusty was a violent sneezer.
Yeah, that sounds right.
Asuka for president.
Oh, Asuka?
I don't know how Japanese politics work, but I do agree if she ran here.
She wouldn't, again, she couldn't really, I don't think you'd want to limit the amount she's talking about.
Which is tricky for a politician.
But if she just did the entrances, real life Kevin Owens, he'd sell us out for his family, guys.
He'd sell the whole country out for his family.
And then he'd say, I gotta put food on the table.
And what would we do then as he's spine bustering the whole country into the fucking grave just to put food on the table of his family?
So that's a pass on Kevin Owens for me.
Kurt Engel.
No, Kurt Engel is... Kurt Engel...
Kurt Engel's an excellent lackey, though, for like an evil politician who feels really like torn up about it.
Kevin Nash, that's an interesting one.
Big sexy himself.
He literally feels like the embodiment of like a giant Florida con man.
Like it was... so that makes me feel like he could probably be a pretty effective politician.
I don't think he would give a shit.
He's definitely liberal.
But the character Kevin Nash would not care who which party he's running for.
Kevin Nash I could see.
Maybe.
Mark Henry.
No.
No, probably not.
Disco Inferno.
I think also, I don't think they're making it.
I think they're losing the primary.
Kevin Nash and Batista are liberals.
They're like Hollywood actors, essentially, as well.
Not like I got no choice.
They're trapped. You've trapped them.
Yeah, we trapped them.
I mean, Kevin Nash makes like a super effort lib post a pinch occasionally, which I quite enjoy.
Crazy thing that Mark Henry's son is wrestling at Oklahoma.
I didn't know that.
That's kind of fun.
Big pop a pump.
You see, the like Trumpiness of conservatism right now throws the equation out of whack a little bit.
I would say big pop a pump is too, again, like too stupid and too loud and too likely to say something like that actually pisses off everyone.
Like, I'm going to bench press Jesus straight to hell or something like he just flies off the handle and he pisses off like the conservative base to.
But now I'm like, well, maybe he could win.
Exactly.
Like, but it's too much like Trump.
I'd be like, well, maybe maybe the next Trump is big pop a pump and whatever physical state pop a pump is currently.
And I have no idea.
Mick Foley could, could 100% win, but he would have to be very earnest in his presentation, which I think he would be.
So my point is we'll move on to another segment and then we'll come back for the chat.
And my point is most wrestlers, I think you could really replace most politicians with wrestlers and people would be like sick.
What if Damien Mizdow started following Trump?
Then he would be the heir apparent and JD would just be he'd be missing out.
He'd be getting so mad that Damien Mizdow is stealing his shine.
Damien Mizdow cracks the Iranians up accidentally negotiates extremely favorable terms for the US just because his, his doing his Trump thing gets, gets them so excited.
This is that that's a good idea.
Someone called up the guy, whatever his name is, who did Damien Mizdow, the iron chic.
I don't, I think that's a tough sell.
I think the iron chic would be a tough sell for most Americans wrestling now the new pipeline to the presidency.
Um, I mean, he did say fuck the whole coke and that's true.
And that is that clip is pretty great.
I think if the iron chic ran an insurgent leftist campaign, ignore the word insurgent there and in other iron chic senses, I think he, I think you could have a shot.
Maybe he's a little old now.
Um, okay.
Can my Jeb request be ATW because it's doubled? Absolutely. We'll do that instead of double the Jeb.
Um, let's do one of them though.
I'm saying all the NSA hot words today.
If they're watching the stream, then that's I'm right here.
I'm all the big government you need. You've been ignoring me this whole time.
I've been waiting to give you my takes on who I think could be president.
And I think I like Brock Lesnar personally.
Ew. No, absolutely not. You don't think Brock Lesnar could win?
I do. I A, I hope he wouldn't and B, no.
You're not a fan of the, he comes out and he goes, that's Batista.
That's not, well nobody's the big blonde guy.
You got the right, okay. So you are thinking of Brock Lesnar, but you're imagining him doing Batista's entrance?
I guess. Either way, he's so big he could win.
Bad Bunny, Bad Bunny. Bad Bunny could win on the West Coast, I think.
Jesse Ventura at least he is super anti-Trump. No, I mean, he already won. He already did it.
Could Jesse Ventura win the presidency though? No, I think he's a little too fringe.
And I think now he's like, he's aged out of some of the vitality that was part of his appeal.
Even though, you've got to love Jesse. That's not a good Jesse. This is a good Jesse.
You've got to love Jesse Ventura. Okay, well your voice is deep, you have an advantage.
I don't for the, a lot of the things he says about the things, you know, my friends have supposedly done half accurate at best.
That's still pretty accurate given some of the stuff he alleges.
Yeah, half. Why aren't I always doing the Ventura voice?
Doink the clown? Yeah, but that's an all play. Nobody even, it's just anybody in the Doink makeup.
But I will say yes. Any person that campaigns in the Doink makeup has a huge advantage for sure.
Okay, let's set it to another segment before I, although I'm tempted to talk about what wrestlers could win political office for two straight hours.
That does sound pretty good. We'll do some other segments too. And this one's been sitting around since yesterday.
So we'll start with it. It's time for how to with Jeb. What the heck?
What happened? Case, did you break the stream by accident? What? Oh my God. I've been teleported into Jeb's room.
What the fuck are you doing here? What the? Oh, what's happened to my voice?
This isn't good at all.
Okay, I'm back. Sorry, he's getting my glasses cleaned.
Did I accidentally leave the portal that opens to this office open? The portal? What the f- What?
Why is it fading? What is even happening right now?
That was a fever dream. Sorry, I left the Chaos portal to my woodworking office open.
I, you know, it messes with twist reality around.
That's my bad. You know, I accidentally watched a how-to on how to create a Chaos portal to your woodworking office.
Ever since then, I don't always keep up with how I'm supposed to use it. I cannot see a thing without my glasses though, so hopefully I can find them.
Where are my freaking glasses? There they are.
Chaos portal throwing off everything. Hey everybody, it's your pal Jeb. Hope you're having a good day.
I'm Jeb Noggett. I'm here to learn how to do things with all of you. The only Jeb Noggett, the one everybody likes.
Also my dad's daddy's in the wooden tier. There was another man. He had a deep voice.
A little deeper than Jets, but not as resident. Resident and a little fake sounding.
Because Jeb obviously has a deeper voice than you first, so for a second I was like Jeb, but then I was sorely disappointed. It was just some fucking guy.
Jeb, you know, if Jeb's so great, daddy, where'd he been this whole time? How come he hadn't come to see you? Does he even know I'm in this state?
Of course I would inform him of that. I killed Jeb. There's not a chance you'd be capable of it.
I mean, if I really shut my mind to it, I'd probably go, yeah, right.
Not that I would kill my own brother, but it doesn't mean I couldn't if I set my mind to it, daddy.
I'm not even afraid of putting the idea in your head because you're just not. You would see it coming a mile away.
Let's learn how to do some things. Let's stop talking about fratricide, where I feel like committing a little patricide on a wood block.
Please, is there a way for you to just kill me?
No, I'm not going to do that, daddy. God, don't be so dark. Don't be so nasty.
All right. I couldn't even kill Jetmag. I could rip up a Jetmagazine. I have the strength.
All right, it's been a minute since we've learned how to do some new things, so we've got some good options in here today.
Oh, watermelon steak. You can make a watermelon steak. I don't even know what this is, but I'm excited to find out.
Courtesy of live and sleazy. I have my voice.
Set our steak on top of our two-inch thick watermelon slice. We're going to grab a sharp knife and just trace around this steak here.
We are making a delicious summer. Thanks for every wealth. Have a great one.
For vegans or anybody who just doesn't want to eat meat for the summertime.
And once you've traced your steak, we're just going to pop it through here and we can put this to the side.
We're going to eat this later. Now we're going to remove our steak and look at that beautiful watermelon steak below.
We're going to grab a couple of paper towels and just pat this thing dry. We want to get all the excess moisture off of here.
Now we're going to grab a plate. Set your watermelon steak on top and we're just going to marinate this with a little bit of lemon juice,
a little bit of Worcestershire sauce, just right on top and a little bit of soy sauce right there.
We're just going to use our brush and brush in all those flavors. Flip it over, brush the bottom as well.
We're going to throw this in the fridge for about two hours to marinate further and dry out that watermelon so it's going to grill up nicely.
We're going to pull over our jumbo seedless watermelon.
What?
We're going to pull it off and grab our beautiful Wagyu ribeye and just place it right down into the slit we cut into our watermelon.
We're going to marinate this steak.
So quiet also.
Beautiful watermelon juice. We're going to pour in a little bit of water.
Wait one second. Let me see if I can turn this up because I'm just, I don't understand.
Let me see if I can increase the output here.
Oh yeah, it's turned too far down. Okay, here we go.
Down into there and a little bit of soy sauce.
It's so quiet still.
Louder output. Well whatever. We'll see if this is good enough.
Right on top.
We're going to throw this into our fridge for a couple hours to marinate and we're going to season this before we throw it on the grill.
Alright, after a couple hours in the fridge, our watermelon steak and our Wagyu ribeye are ready to grill.
We're going to bring them on over, pull that beautiful steak out, put them on our little tray here, grab a paper towel and we're going to pat these dry.
We want to get all...
Is the point that it's gross or is he, does he mean it?
We're going to season these both the same. We're going to use a little bit of olive oil on top.
We're going to go ahead and massage that in, get the sides as well.
We're going to go heavy salt on both of these. A lot of this salt is going to cook off so you can put lots on there.
We're also going to go black pepper. You can go pretty heavy on that as well.
Flip both steaks over. We're going to go ahead and pat them.
It's got to be rage bait, right?
Another coating of olive oil.
More salt on both steaks and black pepper on both.
Now we're ready to throw these on the grill.
We have a sizzling hot grill here preheated to 300 degrees.
We're going to take our watermelon steak, put it right there.
And our Wagyu.
Go right there. We're going to cover the lid.
Come back and flip these in a few minutes.
All right. After 10 or 15 minutes, we are ready to turn over our steaks.
Look at those beautiful caramelized grill marks on that watermelon.
It's beautiful.
That char-grilled Wagyu.
We'll come back in a couple minutes and throw these on the plate.
All right. We let our steaks rest for a few minutes after cooking.
And now we are going to plate them.
They turned out beautifully.
On our Wagyu, we're going to add a little bit of flaky salt
and a pad of butter to melt down.
It looks like you burned the shit out of the steak.
Some balsamic drizzle.
And a bit of cheese.
What?
With that watermelon and a little sprig of mint.
There we have our beautiful watermelon steaks two ways.
Let's cut into it and see how they look.
Our Wagyu here. Perfect medium pink in the middle.
Okay.
Watermelon steak.
Nice and tender.
Look at that, you guys. Let's try a bite.
That is surprisingly good.
Oh, that's what he looks like.
Is that a thing?
I don't think he's rage-baiting.
It's like an old-school thing.
Is it?
Yeah.
Mr. President, help us.
Mr. President, help us.
Mr. President.
Oh, God, you're mine.
Oh, Mr. President.
Oh, no.
Well, good job.
Thank you so much, Cardin King.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good job.
Thank you so much, Cardin King, for the sum.
He didn't even try to do Latin.
He didn't even make an attempt.
To be fair, nobody knows how people said it.
Nobody knows anymore.
It's a fun Latin fact that I've probably,
truth is I've heard people say it.
What the fuck is this now?
Um, okay, here's something else.
I guess that was like how to paint?
How to paint?
I'm not sure which language that is.
I do think me guessing could be offensive, so.
Might be Thai?
Like Thai or Soviet?
It had certain residences that sounded familiar, but I don't know.
I gotta huff the fumes.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I gotta huff the fumes.
I'm not even sure what they were selling, but I don't speak the language,
so that could be why.
Paint?
Something paint? Wood?
Obviously, I know all about wood.
You know, daddy?
Yes.
TMZ breaking news.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. cut penis off raccoon.
That news is breaking my heart.
I don't think Steve is joking.
Well, we can only hope they were already dead.
Okay, let's just...
Let's learn how to make healthy bread.
Let's do something healthy for ourselves.
Speaking of health, secretaries.
Oh, okay.
I mean, I've heard carbs are bad for you, but...
It did look healthy.
Is that like a Pikachu?
I guess it was a furry as well.
Kundalai yoga and the golden chain of wisdom.
We'll end on this one, because those were short ones.
We'll do an extra.
And we'll learn some Kundalai yoga and the golden chain of wisdom.
Because, you know, I feel stressed out after that watermelon steak,
and maybe this can kind of calm me.
I'm coming to you from my current home,
a magical fairy earth hut located in Pai, Thailand.
And today I want to share with you one of the most fundamental,
yet most powerful mantras in Kundalini yoga.
Your camera's so high up.
The mantra is called the Adi Mantra.
Adi.
It immediately brings in divine spirit.
It's considered a golden chain.
So think of it like a phone call.
Why are the cameras so high?
A phone call to the master ascenders, to the teachers,
and to the teachers within the teachers.
The teachers in the master's wisdom.
Whoa, now whoa.
Of light, of love, and of truth.
But it also tunes you into that infinite wisdom within yourself.
Because if we all come from that same source,
then we all have the wisdom within us.
So let's all try it together.
Where are you going?
Whoa, okay.
So let's all get into a comfortable cross-seated position
and get ready to chant the mantra.
Okay.
Now the words to the mantra are
Ong Namo Gurudev Namo.
Ong O-N-G.
Ong Namo Gurudev Namo.
Ong Namo.
Gurudev Namo.
Okay, so it comes in a,
it's sung in a kind of a vibrational way.
So follow along with me in the first or second one.
And after that you'll get the tone and the essence of the mantra
and how you do it.
Okay.
So the first step is to rub the palms together
and to activate the meridians.
Oh.
Along with the spine.
I feel like I'm planning.
Bring your hands into a prayer mudra at your heart center.
Okay.
And take a deep inhale in.
And fill up the lungs.
Hold on to that breath.
Just for a moment.
Okay.
And now let that breath out.
Close the eyes.
Take another deep inhale in.
You're not doing that.
Any of this stuff.
Ong.
Ong.
Gurudev.
Wow, I feel a lot better.
Really?
Really?
Yeah.
I feel like I really cleaned up my whole system there.
Ong Namo.
Ong Namo.
Ong Namo.
Gurudev.
Take me home.
And Teflon dead.
That's so fun.
It'd be fun to do that.
Okay.
Great.
Good work everybody.
We learned how to do some new things today.
Yes.
System of a downward time.
You should put that out.
Someone should make that.
Put it out as a CD.
It's a traditional CD release.
Okay.
We're going to set it to another segment.
Looks like...
Was there a debate demanded?
Whose only fans would be more successful?
Trumps or Bidens?
And I'm being told that it's time for that debate to happen right now.
Because we've already actually learned.
The whole point of this is that you're never told to learn a new trick.
Here's my trick.
It's time for a different segment.
Okay, bye bye everybody.
God damn it.
I'm in the Inky Void again.
So annoying.
I've entered the Joe Rogan style void.
God damn it.
One second.
Allow me to do some wizardry real quick.
Huge plane in here.
It's not going to work.
Excuse me.
I'm using my magics really quick to rectify this situation.
Today is the day of things not working correctly.
And we're back to normal.
What the hell, Trump?
I feel like all my blood just sneezed.
What is that?
Space magic.
They love to see it.
The crowd loves it.
They love it when I do my space magics.
Yo void would be a good game because...
What even is the game?
Exactly.
It's every game and no game at all.
Renner...
What is it?
Rennerton Skyline?
Oh, we play the game Skylines, but for Renner...
Sorry, I use Skylines to control the city of Rennerton.
I guess we could do that.
Back to Renner...
Didn't it become a zombie wasteland?
Yeah.
Well, no, not a wasteland is your word.
Zombie...
It's a...
Biology first.
Think tank opportunity.
What?
It's a...
We're in the medical sector currently is how I would describe it.
If you've played Resident Evil 9...
That, basically.
What about the Bowser situation?
The Bowser still comes stomping through.
Obviously still Bowser.
A couple of Bowser's are still going to show up every once in a while.
They care not for the lives of the zombies.
Excuse me.
Differently fleshed.
All right, let's see what...
Oh, okay, the debate today is whose only fans would be more successful?
Trumps or Bidens?
Okay.
Well, are they doing sex?
That's actually a valid question.
Is it more one of those like brand opportunity only fans?
Or are they just doing ludes?
If it's just ludes...
Biden, but...
If it's full on sex...
Because essentially at that point it could be evidence.
Trumps?
Cue the RE1 movie soundtrack.
Both are very unsettling to consider.
Young Biden would have cleaned up.
I can't admit that.
Young Trump looked...
He wasn't a bad looking guy.
Why are you saying that?
No, I'm just being real.
I don't mind the look at young Trump.
I disrespect the man.
I think he's got a decent look.
Not even I'm saying that.
What is wrong with you?
I'm just calling it like I see it.
I'm not saying he's a...
He's a male model, but I'm saying that young Trump, he looks okay.
He's always looking like a fucking weasel.
What are you talking about?
Wait!
Okay, um...
Thank you for just starting this.
Jesus Christ, Crumb.
What am I saying?
I'm not saying anything controversial.
That's one of the worst...
Fine. I think it's...
I think Trumps would ultimately be more successful.
Look, hear me out. I understand.
Joe Biden is a traditionally more attractive man.
Especially young Joe Biden.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I didn't say he wasn't.
But Donald Trump is more debauchess and disgusting.
Like, all the fans is about catering to specific appetites
and finding your niche.
And Trump's already found his.
He's got essentially a cult that would probably worship
whatever sex act he was doing.
They'd think that that's the way you do sex now
and there'd be a rash of everybody fucking in diapers
or whatever Trump does.
So look, he's got a built-in audience in a way that Biden does
and ultimately the Democratic Party turned on Biden
and cut bait instead of just riding his...
You know, weekend at Bernie's style presidency to a second term.
They don't have... they're not in it for the long run.
Trump's fans? His only fans?
They at this point, clearly they are fucking committed.
I think they would watch him, you know, shoving onion up his ass.
I don't think it fucking matters what he does.
Shoving onion up his ass.
Look, Joe Biden is a more handsome guy.
And frankly, I think regardless of the category
full-on checks, luge, or even just lifestyle brand stuff,
I think Biden's got him beat.
He's more classic. He's more classically handsome man.
I think he's more aspirational, not in the mental faculties,
but you know, in maintaining a certain youthful,
albeit skeletal look while in tier 80s.
And you know, he's got a handsome son with a rockin' hog.
Why would his son be involved?
I'm not saying they'd be involved together,
but I think because we've all seen Hunter's rockin' hog,
well, you might be curious about what old Pappy's working with,
and yeah, I think there'd be some curiosity around the launch.
It's not crazy to say.
I do think you're, I actually think they're, I think you're wrong.
I think you'd rather watch Biden have checks than Trump.
This isn't a, you see, you're just not understanding only fans,
and that's why you fucking lost.
Munch.
Oh, is that your hand sign?
No, I don't, no, I don't have repeated hand signs and stuff.
I don't do that. I'm too elevated.
My brand is too classy for that.
Well, the question was who got the sex say only friends.
That's the word we could use.
I still can't get over these.
I said fucking Donald Trump with the handsome when he was young.
All right. What?
Young Donald Trump.
I'm not saying, I'm not saying he's the most handsome.
I'm just saying, you know, he was a reasonable looking guy.
Like, look at this photo.
Look at this classic photo.
You know, that's this, you know, there's like a,
certain East Coast blue blood charm there, you know,
I just, you know, I got a call bike.
I'm calling balls and strikes here.
That's young Trump.
That's like high school Trump.
You're saying that high school child is attractive.
No, I'm not saying, I'm just saying he fucking looks weird.
You know, he's got the princess dying teeth,
but none of the other appeal.
I mean, we said no kink shaming.
So you're saying Trump is your kink now?
No, he's not.
But to taste, I guess I just have different tastes
and what I like to see in him.
And I don't think he looks good anymore.
I think he looks okay.
You think he looks okay now?
Well, obviously, for his age, he looks okay.
What do you, what do you like how he looks?
Look, I look beyond the aesthetics of people.
He's a terrible guy.
He's a rotten guy.
I think he's got an okay look.
I just don't understand.
I don't understand.
I don't understand the things you do.
Well, tell that every woman I've ever ran with.
I'm trying to change stuff like that lately.
That kind of colloquial misogyny.
Seeing of that might be a fun addition to my personality.
I shouldn't be capable of being disappointed in a person in you.
I don't know how it's possible.
I don't even know if that is misogyny.
Well, it's still like my wife's a battle ax.
Every woman I've ever dealt with is unreasonable.
It's a subtle form of, that's why I call it colloquial.
It's just sort of an assumption that all women are annoying and mistreat you.
Which was what I was going for.
Why would you go for it?
Why would you go for it?
What the fuck?
Now you got the credits going over me?
It's, the camera's not supposed to be on me when this happens.
It's a whole outro screen for a fucking reason.
God damn it, Crumb.
This credits is great.
Obviously it's incredible to see me.
Obviously that's, that's epic.
And a win for everyone.
They could, they could also see me if they wanted.
They could also see me if you wanted to.
I'm being told it's time to go back to the news actually.
Okay.
My ears feel looking good today.
It's like a horse mane.
Hello everybody.
Easy boy shit.
Here to give you all the news that you actually gave to us.
Like a mama bird that gets the baby food spit back up into her beak.
I'll spit it back at you.
What the fuck?
What is going on with the stream today?
It's a, it's a fair question.
There's a chance we're about to get teleported into the streets.
But, look some wires got crossed in the reality matrix of the stream.
God damn it.
That was just me.
One second.
There we go.
Can only get things to work every once in a while in life.
What just happened?
Why do I feel like my blood just coughed?
It's a normal, it's just an artifact.
You're just artifacting right now.
What?
What chat news?
We got to talk about the chat news.
Oh right.
Okay.
That's what we were doing.
This is young Donald Trump.
That's the news.
No, that's, that's leftover from crumbs.
I guess he has a crush on young Donald Trump.
What?
What?
I don't, I don't know.
I don't know.
It doesn't make sense.
Chat news.
That's what we're doing.
Don't even worry about it, chat.
Chroma and I are boys.
So, I might have to bring this up to him that...
It's just not the time to be saying that.
I hear where you're coming from, chatmeister.
Big jet, big cheddar.
I'm being taken out of context.
We can clear it up later.
Obviously I'm on your side, Chrom.
Oh my god, we don't have time for this.
What do we have time for, Case?
If not to resolve potential schisms between boys.
Just schism, a full schism?
No, it's just weird.
It's just weird to...
High school Trump?
I don't have a crush on high school Trump.
Okay, that's good to hear.
It's good to hear you say that.
It just felt like you did, Chrom.
I don't!
Okay, look, again, we don't have time for this.
Shake him around with your weird hands?
Fully I could, but my wavy hand syndrome.
I used to be able to shake with the best of them.
And now, the doctors say I might never shake again.
It does make me a safer father, though,
because I'm medically incapable of shaking a baby.
Let's get into the news that chat shared.
Okay, Lavnatione loses jury trial to states in Monopoly case.
You played Monopoly with a state trial case?
Lavnatione has lost a case that they are in Monopoly.
That's what happened here.
Lavnatione Entertainment has been final liable
in its bombshell Monopoly lawsuit,
a major move that could drastically shake up the Lavnese landscape
as the judge now decides to penalty Lavnatione
and ticket the maester with face.
Good to know.
Okay, break them up, yeah.
Lavnatione and Ticketmaster are...
Prices will probably stay crazy even if it's two companies,
but they should absolutely be broken up.
Breakups, please.
Oops, all Monopolies, everyone.
Wait, where's these stories? Where did my stories go?
I need more of this news.
Ah, here we are.
Ultra-processed foods are turning human thighs
into well-marbled steaks.
I didn't know this. It makes sense.
I do feel like my own thighs have been more delicious than ever
since I started eating.
I'm on an ultra-processed food diet.
I thought you were into the opposite of that.
Well, you know, they said the diet industry
is always discovering new breakthroughs,
and lately it's actually for you only eat Doritos.
You lose weight.
Yeah, I don't think you're getting enough nutrients.
Yeah, anyway.
The image looks like a slice of highly marbled flesh.
Who wrote this? Sandy Lamotte.
Do we need to check on Sandy's basement?
Based on that first line,
it's a good instinct shot.
If we could just get someone to dish, do it.
Well, let's check on Sandy's basement.
The image looks like a slice of highly marbled flesh,
reminiscent of a high-end steak
with abundant fine-grain streaks of fat.
But that's not dinner.
It's an MRI scan of the thigh of a 62-year-old woman
who obtained 87% of her annual calories from ultra-processed foods.
It has streaks of fat hiding between and within muscle fibers
can signal serious health problems.
And delicious meals for our girl Sandy, apparently.
Sandy's basement sounds like a bin segment.
It would be our darkest segment yet,
given her fascination with the thigh meat of 60-year-old women.
Skipping leg day.
My muscle is too dense to bite.
I've tried.
Because my legs do look delicious when I look in the mirror.
But I also have really thick skin.
Okay, okay.
What else do we have in the news?
Live Nation loses jury trial.
What? We just found out about this.
That's so funny.
Yes, they lost it. That's good to know.
I'm glad that you're staying on top of that shot.
I've clicked on multiple versions of the story
just to confirm and for multiple reports now it's true.
The biggest bombshells from RFK Junior's diaries.
Slicing off a raccoon's penis,
flying with Epstein,
and listing the women he bedded.
I mean, come on, at least two of those things are relatable.
None of them are good, Shat.
And ideally, maximum one of those is relatable.
And even that one, don't do that.
A new biography from Robert F. Kennedy,
Junior references his personal diaries
to uncover new details about his inner life,
and provides turmoil.
RFK Junior, the fallen rise
written by investigative journalist,
Isabel Vincent, draws from dozens of sources,
both new and old, and features asurps
from journals that Kennedy updated daily
between 1999 and 2001.
When did he do the raccoon penis thing, though?
Let's just quickly search raccoon.
Oops, did I misspell raccoon?
Oops, raccoon. There it is. Okay.
Once sliced off a raccoon's penis
while his wife and kids waited in the minivan.
Alright, this is what we've been waiting for.
In a November 11, 2001 diary entry
uncovered by Vincent Kennedy,
McMahon?
I don't think so.
Describes driving down the highway with his wife
and kids in a minivan
like a typical suburban father.
When he spotted a dead raccoon
and pulled over his car,
I was standing in front of my parked car
and I saw this 684 cutting the penis
out of a road killed raccoon,
thinking about how weird some of my family members
must have turned out to be, he wrote.
So it was dead at least.
Cutting the penis out of a road killed raccoon.
That should have been the title of the biography.
I mean, this does look like the face of a guy.
Who'd write that?
So I guess he's just living up to his best self.
This is his best self.
This is Maximum RFK.
Is this a muppet or is this a wax figurine?
Is this like a movie where a tumor comes to life?
Is this the actual RFK, Junior?
That's him.
That's what that guy looks like.
Drink it in, everyone.
He didn't eat it, did he?
I'm assuming that's why he's cutting the penis out.
He also was on Episcene's plane,
probably slightly more relevant than the
arguably more relevant than the raccoon penis thing,
but maybe not.
Okay.
Is this what he looked like young?
What the fuck happened?
I mean, I know aging comes for us all, but
god damn, this is young him?
Let me, this fucking ad will not go away.
I need to side by side here.
Just, this is a brutal.
This is a brutal one.
Young RFK?
Boom.
Young RFK?
Boom.
Steroids?
Yeah, I mean, you know, don't hit me back in 15 years.
Maybe I'll be in a even more brutal state, but
that's rough.
That's a rough one.
Swimming and sewage?
He's seen a lot of raccoon penises in his day.
It takes an effect on you after a while.
Yeah, drugs, lots of drugs, but not even just party drugs.
Some of them were designed to keep him healthier, I think.
And those might have been the most damaging ones of all.
Hey, you know, you got to experiment with your body.
And that's, you know, sometimes you get things wrong
and experiment and you will look like
the non-sexy version of Frankenstein.
Non-Jaykabalerti Frankenstein.
Yeah, the opposite, the real Frankenstein.
He's a scary one.
Joe Rogan has mocked Trump's idiotic excuse
for Jesus' post.
Finally, we can get some, an adult is in the room
to let us know how to feel.
God, AI God has to come alive and take over the system.
Now we're really getting into it.
Serene, I don't understand.
I don't know what the word AI means.
AI God, the one that created that Jesus name
that Trump just posted, that's AI God.
Joe, I told you, you explained it, he was a docker.
That's what they call them.
That's what AI God calls Jesus.
Jesus is a doctor.
The mental gymnastics involved in some of these people
who are so ideologically captured
is shocking to me.
Can you imagine the mental gymnastics it takes
to still support Trump?
Well, our boy, Joe, is, um, he doesn't,
he doesn't anymore?
I don't know if that's true.
You know, I run a pretty, I'm gonna say,
I don't run the tightest ship around here.
What, what do you fucking mean?
What, this place has got a lockdown here, case.
I say a lot of dumb things.
Sometimes I see how dumb of a thing I can say.
Whatever I see a clip of Joe Rogan,
I realize I'm not even scratching the surface.
I haven't reached deep enough into the well
of just fucking complete frontal lobe death.
Or maybe, maybe they started with the back.
He got a reversal lobotomy.
They took out, they took a nice scoop out of the back
of Joe Rogan's head.
Trump is doing those gymnastics.
Yeah, we try.
But I just, I can't hold a candle to the real deal, unfortunately.
God damn, two seconds in, I'm just like,
just 15 more years of case and you'll be famous
like him for saying dumb shit.
I gotta start meaning it more, I guess.
That's the trick.
You have to be earnest in the really, really dumb things
that you say constantly.
And I'm only 50% earnest.
50% earnest and you're a star.
Cause then you're going to camp,
you're, you know, you're going to the,
I can't remember all the titles of the earnest movies,
but you know what I mean?
If only we could have gotten it.
The Jim Varney presidency.
If Jim Varney could have gotten some youth serum,
I think he could have wound it all the way to the
to the 2020s as a president.
Go to jail.
Just go to jail.
Yeah, go to jail case.
What did I do?
Jail is what they say.
Fuck, all right, I've been caught.
Finally, that's fair.
Go to jail.
That is the famous one.
They're not, I think they're still saying you should go to jail.
Yeah, yeah, well, you know, both things can be true.
Okay, let's do two more.
And then we'll move on to, we got to go to the park.
We got to go on a trip, even though that segment got
erroneously triggered somehow.
Okay, wait, maybe we're almost caught up
if I do these last three.
All right, a couple more stories here.
Come Pig News.
Wait, there's a Come Pig story?
Did I click on it?
Did I miss it?
I can't have missed the Come Pig.
Is it at the bottom?
Ah, there it is.
I did almost miss this.
Skintis turned Pig Seaman extract into
odd drops that kill cancer in mice.
See, it's all so funny when you say stuff like
Come Drops until it saves your fucking life
in Cure's Cancer.
This is why it's important for me to talk about Come all the time.
And just to say it, sometimes just to say the word.
Because we've got to get used to it, because someday
we might be having to jam it into our eyes to cure cancer.
Facials are known to increase health.
Do I need to study this?
If you, if that's what you want, shot.
Is that what I want?
A human eye is like an immunological fortress
with its ability to exclude unwanted intruders.
A boon when preventing infection, but a burden
when trying to deliver vital medicines.
Researchers in China, take that again,
researchers in China have now turned to an unusual source,
Pig Seaman, to develop an eye drop that can deliver cancer drugs
to the back of the eye.
Hmm, but why?
In a mouse bottle of rotinoblastoma,
the eye drop killed cancer cells slow to more growth
and ultimately saved the rodents retinas.
The researchers reported in March recently.
More therapists, therapies that need to reach the retina
in the deepest recesses of the eye use injections
that are off-putting to patients and can themselves damage
the vital organ.
Zang's team was inspired by the discovery that they play,
that the exomes play a facilitative role
in the penetracie-owned of psychological barriers
in the female reproductive tract during sperm migration.
What does this have to do with putting gumdrops in your eye?
The team filled their seminal packages with nanoparticles
called carbon dots, which have been gaining popularity
as a diagnostic and therapeutic tool for cancer.
Carbon dots have emerged as a promising approach
for cancer therapy.
Research on exomes and drug carriers is relatively mature
and their potential for encapsulating other therapies.
Okay, I just, look, I'm more of a, let's get,
let's get out of the brass taxes.
Why are we putting gum in our eye?
I'm just hearing a lot of big words.
I'm not understanding.
I think they are explaining it.
I just don't think, I think we're too dumb to get
what they're putting down here.
But I'm supposed to not be too dumb to jam gum in my eye?
I'm going to name them to convince me at some point.
They're also prospecting bulls, even, says Lyvin Sleazy.
Retinoblastoma is a common eye cancer in children.
It's fatal.
While the disease is completely curable in high-income countries,
patients fare far worse in low and middle-income nations.
He's committed to explore exomes from pigs,
but also is prospecting bulls even too.
So the exomes, okay, I get it.
My cum is filled with exomes.
Well, the pig come.
And maybe bull come.
I'm not a cum expert, really.
I'm not.
I swear.
So I don't know what kind of exomes we're working with, Jet.
I don't know if you want to just be blasting it into your own eye.
I also don't think you have eye cancer.
What about my hands case?
Could this finally be the cure for my wavy hand syndrome?
And then I can finally throttle people again?
Pig come eyes is a decent Twitch username?
Correct.
That's pretty good.
The best? No, but pretty good.
All right.
Well, look, the point is, put cum in your eye.
Nope, that is not the point.
Don't do that, everyone.
This is a study.
We have read two different stories, apparently.
Don't do that, everybody.
I mean, unless that's your thing, don't do that.
But maybe someday you might have to.
But consult your doctor before putting cum in your eye.
Okay.
I won't, but...
Ant Smuggler sentenced to a year in jail by Kenyan court.
More than 22,000 ants were found in Zang Ken Kikun's luggage at Nairobi Airport
with bagage destined for China.
2200 ants?
What the hell?
We hit the paywall.
We'll never know why he had those ants in that bag.
Ants in your bag.
Ants in your pants.
If you didn't put them in the pants, you put them in the bag.
You think if you'd put them in the pants, if you had ants in his pants,
you could have gotten away with it.
Would ants in your pants pick up on the airport security?
Yeah, now it's imaging they'd see like your cock and balls
and also a bunch of ants on your legs, I guess.
That's too bad.
It's so hard to get ants through security now.
It really is.
Um, okay, and this is an update on the president's photo from yesterday.
From Iran.
Oh, Iran's got a take on this.
Your reckoning has come.
What is this?
Let's see that one more time.
I need to see it up close so that I can tell if it's real or not.
Your reckoning has come.
What is this?
You think Jesus could win the presidency?
I don't know.
Who's endorsing him?
Chris Christie? No.
I don't know. He'll need some better endorsements.
He's got long hair.
He's all like, peace.
Love thy neighbor.
Treat strangers like you know them.
Basic cooperation and fidelity amongst all people.
Yeah, that is a tough message to get across, damn.
He'd probably lose.
But I'm glad that he took out Trump there.
Yeah, also, yeah, I don't think he was born in America.
I don't think he was a white guy.
What? What?
I know he wasn't.
So, it's been a liability every time, but one time.
But you know, we'll see.
We'll see how good he is on the stump.
Um, forgive all that.
Yeah, that'd be nice.
President Jesus, please.
Great. Good job, everyone.
Some real news in there.
I love it when you guys give us the good news
because we're just over here where our hands are shaking.
And then you gave us some good news today.
Jesus wasn't born in America? Yeah, I know.
Unless you skip ahead to Mormon, Jesus.
Joseph Smith.
Wait, no, wait.
Who's the Mormon guy?
Who's the Mormon guy?
Is it Joseph Smith?
No, John Smith's the Pocahontas guy.
I should not.
I probably shouldn't get too far out on things I don't know.
Will Smith. Yeah, it was Will Smith.
I forgot about all he, uh,
I forgot all about South Park episode that explains it.
Steve Young.
The God of Mormon, Steve Young.
Will Smith and Steve Young.
The tag team.
Leaders of the Mormon Church.
Well, Will Smith became Mormon.
How strong would his powers become?
All right, let's send it to the streets
and then we will close things out with Fortnight.
I don't even have Fortnight downloaded.
Oh, man.
I don't know if I can download
this, this is like an actual bigger game.
It might,
the stream's already
on pins and needles, you know.
Pivot.
Is there like a, is there an 8-bit Fortnight
we could play?
Anybody know of any shitty web client
versions of Fortnight?
Maybe it would download.
Is it still free?
I'll put it this way. Who knows what Brendan's skills are,
but I've legitimately never played Fortnight.
Let me just see.
How it,
we'll try, we'll start to download on Steam.
We'll see how it affects the stream.
The bin game.
I take another crack at a
Mar-at Mega Man. We'll be here all night.
That's how bad I was.
I feel like I gotta do the requests as they come in.
I mean, assuming it doesn't cost money,
that's my only line in the sand.
I will not be buying games
unless I really want to play it.
Fort...
Fortnight. Team Fortress.
Wait, is Fortnight not on Steam?
That's crazy.
It's on, it's on Epic.
What is it? No?
I'm really revealing that I don't know jack shit
about the modern gaming landscape here.
Itch.io Fortnight?
Oh, okay. We might have to pivot to that.
It's on Epic. Do I have Epic?
I might have Epic.
Let's see. Epic.
I do have Epic games because that's what I played
it takes two with Kendall on.
An update is required.
In case this is the worst.
The update is downloading pretty fast.
So maybe it won't
destroy the stream.
It's also, a fortnight is also a platform.
So once you download it, you can launch it
and pick which fortnight game you want to play.
There's more than one.
The only...
What is it? Battle Royale I've ever played
is Escape from Tarkov.
Because Tim,
he's a very good player.
He's a very good player.
Escape from Tarkov.
Because Tim, you guys remember Tim.
Came over and was like
you're going to love this.
And I just could not
get my head around it at all.
So I'm assuming I'll be pretty bad
at fortnight.
Oh no, Kendall was logged in.
Shit.
I don't have Kendall's password.
Epic games please.
Please Epic games.
One second.
Take an attempt at least.
Her password is buzz buzz.
You can stream it
if you have Game Pass
or Amazon Prime. I do have Amazon Prime.
But I mean, come on.
I should have my own fortnight account, right?
As a Twitch streamer?
If you've played our games
you already have an account.
That's what you think fortnight.
Oh, we also have to go amongst the web.
Okay, I'm going to start the amongst the web intro
while I stare at this
stare at this login screen.
It's time to go amongst the web.
Ehhhhhhh.
Let's grab my crumble bottom everybody.
She's been dying her hair lately.
Don't give away state secrets.
Young man.
Sorry grandma.
Not your grandma.
Maybe I'm your grandma's grandma.
You little snip,
snipper snapper like you.
It's good to see you again. Spent a while.
For me, you get older times
I'm just kidding.
And the time.
Another time.
Too busy making money off crypto.
Got big into crypto the last couple of months.
People said I was late to the party.
Party's been lucrative for Granny.
You know, at
past a certain age.
Do whatever you
you've got more life experience than me.
I'll default to whatever you're doing.
That's good.
That's good.
Big opportunity you want to get on this.
Oh, you're asking me for money?
Maybe. Not asking.
Offering.
It's called scam coin.
Called scam coin.
It's irony.
I bought it. I bought a million scam coin.
Very nice young man
signed into my computer.
Access my credit card. Bought it for me.
Let's not get into this right now.
Grandma.
Link all of your accounts.
I'm trying to sign into the Epic Games
platform.
I don't want to link anything.
Just let me download Fortnite.
I need another update.
Oh.
What?
I've got to play Fortnite later.
Oh my god, you kids are playing the fucking game.
What a first person shooter is.
And now you got to make it a Lego game too.
Oh, you're somewhat familiar.
You can build walls running up them.
I remember when
the only game was
two rock dinosaur hunter and you had to kill raptors.
Now that's a game.
I mean, that wasn't that long ago.
Yes, it was.
Back in the day
when I was young playing
two rock dinosaur hunter.
No, that's what I did. Well, yeah, you're old as shit too.
Oh.
Okay, fair enough.
30 years. That was 1998.
No.
Oh, it's downloading.
It's auto downloading power wash simulator.
Great.
Make sure I have that available.
Okay, Fortnite.
Oh, I spelled Fortnite wrong.
I did just so you a little update.
I immediately spelled Fortnite wrong.
Okay, clicking on get.
Not showing everyone my credit card.
Even though the game's free.
I'm just doing all this to see if it'll
make us move it like two bits per second.
If I start downloading a game.
Okay, viewing library.
It's updating.
So 1%.
So maybe by the time we watch all these videos.
Granny was big on per rapper the rapper.
If you're a firm and something to the left.
Grab it.
Obviously I know per rapper.
Asback when ramp used to really be good
when it was political and it was a dog and a beanie.
Now, it's all Benchen Boone.
It's all Benchen Boone doing backflips.
He's not a rapper.
He's not?
That makes more sense because I was like, what happened?
What happened to the genre?
Let's see, um...
I can't just watch it in the studio.
Let's see what we've got shared
at the cream dot team.
In the bin section.
In the amongst the web thread.
You can drop any video that you want us to click on there.
And I'll probably do it because I'm not very careful.
This is coming in from Genro.
Let's see what they got for us.
Oh, they're fucking.
You see that?
You catch that?
They were straight up fucking in there.
Nasty.
Can we see that again?
Oh, she squeaks at the end.
Those... those sex...
For a speaker ad?
You could...
Equine speakers were strong.
Now you got these weak little speakers.
There's a speaker crisis going on.
You know that?
Nobody can afford a single decibel anymore.
I'll get snapped up
by the metaverse.
Uh, you know, close enough.
Yeah, I think it's a problem.
Um, okay.
It's the most brutal metal scream
ever.
Possibly.
According to Genro.
Oh, wait, not Genro. According to John Michael.
Let's be the judge of it.
Oh my God, that young man's going through something.
If you're feeling that way
in your 30s, 50s, who knows?
It's not going to get any easier, buddy.
So scream it out while you can.
Somebody will have a dried up esophagus.
You're lucky to get a single corn cob down, you know?
Can't scream at all.
Yeah, exactly.
You get it.
It is a pretty good scream.
The best scream I've ever heard?
I don't know about the best scream I've ever heard.
What might the timer on this?
Very broken.
Nobody cares.
Oh, pretty good scream.
A 5.4 scream.
Um,
Ah, no, no, no, no.
Okay.
This is Nicole Kidman.
Courtesy of John Michael.
We come to this place
for magic.
We come to AMC theaters to laugh,
to cry,
to care.
Because we need that.
That indescribable feeling we get
when the lights begin to dim.
When we go somewhere
we've never been before.
Not just entertained,
but somehow reborn.
Together.
Dazzling images
in a huge silver screen.
Sound that I can feel.
Did you see that?
Something that we could see.
I'm inside of the door.
I'm inside of the door.
Sound like me after I get too much
salsa on my chicken.
And a pollo loco.
You ever been there?
It's a nice establishment.
It's fast food, but it's quality chicken.
It'll do stuff to you.
It'll get the green salsa.
You dump it all over the chicken.
Be careful.
The thing with loco is the hospital bill.
Your whole family has to take it.
They think you're gonna die.
They say, nope.
I can't convince them because the noise is coming out of you.
It was a nine.
Good work.
Good work, young man. You'll get there.
Someday you'll really pass cash.
Um, okay.
This is
from Attack of the Electro.
My favorite ladies.
It's a two minute video.
We might only do the first minute.
But let's see what...
Oh, this is MF... Wait, this is an MF Doom song.
I can just play an MF Doom song.
MF Doom song.
Shout outs to...
Shout outs to MF Doom.
Shout outs to shout them out.
Uh, okay.
Coming in from the sinister dev.
What the...
Something's going on with this guy's cat.
It's fine though.
I'm giving it away, but his cat is concerned.
As a starting point.
Eh.
Eh.
The cat gets concerned for me when I yell.
I do voice acting for my cartoons
and recently I was doing the voice of Mario
powering up Dragon Ball Z's style.
Which went a little bit like this.
That's pretty good.
Suddenly when my yell came to a finish
I felt two paws alight upon my thigh
and I looked down to see...
I came as quickly as I could.
Are you injured, Papa?
By the way, Miura is a girl
and my wife hates that I'm doing this voice for her.
Are you in pain?
No, more, Papa.
No, no, I'm not in pain. I'm okay.
It's okay.
You are in pain.
It's okay. I don't know how to explain to you
that I'm just doing my job.
Your job is killing you.
No, it's not killing me.
I just don't have the words to explain to you.
It's a cartoon.
You don't understand English.
I understand pain.
No, no, you don't understand pain.
Yes, the pain.
Yes, the pain.
No, no, no.
I'll take away your pain, Papa.
I'll take it away for you.
Let me touch you with my little beans.
I'll bear the burden of your pain.
You do take away my pain?
You make me very happy.
You must no longer do the waa-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Did you wait for anything?
Okay, promise me, Papa.
I promise I'll never...
You will stop.
I'll never voice act again. I'm sorry.
My cat gets concerned for me when I-
That happen to you?
You hear a little catch? You got so positely?
Supposedly you got catch?
No.
No, I could die right in front of my cats.
To letting out a gut- uh, truly...
gut-wrenching scream.
They'd probably just take a nap.
Cats have different priorities.
No.
Yeah, they would eat my corpse.
They'd feast on me.
They'd feast upon me.
Watch.
Look, that's just what they do.
And oh, what am I doing with all this meat?
They can have at it.
Okay.
Good job everyone.
With the cat thing.
This is coming in from...
Live and Sleazy.
So let's spin the wheel of Sleazy here and see what they're surfing up for us.
Damn.
Oh.
You got a dab on those fuckers. You can let them know.
He's doing it. Yeah.
You know what, he put in that work and get good and game.
You got a fucking...
They got a blast in their face.
You got to let them know they got on your level.
You got to show them up for all your boys.
You got to get how the game works.
I like to see that.
Not a lot of people play sports right anymore.
Back in the day, you...
you were playing a sawdust ball,
throwing coins across the...
the wood sleeve.
Uh-huh.
You landed your paint...
You landed your penny in a...
in a nickel bunny.
You got six dappers?
You best believe I was spreading my ash on the floor.
Popping around like a dog.
An anal infection.
Letting them know.
Um...
The next...
video is from...
Cut My Life Into Pizzas.
My trip to Japan.
I think this might be a game-stroller?
I don't know.
Let's find out together.
Is this a vlog?
Maybe this is a vlog?
This is an anime intro?
One of the better travel videos I've ever seen.
If it's a...
If it's like a travel...
My vacation-type vlog.
It's a music video?
I feel like this is just two guys that made this
because they were on vacation in Japan.
That's my read on it.
And this is a good use of your time
on vacation.
I mean that sincerely.
I'm not gonna...
I'm not...
I refuse to learn what that was.
Oh, it was them on a trip and they made that...
to document their trip.
I learned by accident.
I'd assume.
That's what it was.
I'm not a shum.
I'm telling you.
I'm telling you, you fool.
You're being learned right now.
It was good.
They did a good job.
Good job, Tapoyo.
For making the ultimate vacation video.
Okay, let's do two more.
Hey, you're trying to get away from me?
Let's do ten more.
That's what the number just said.
No, that was the score.
I don't care, man.
I don't care, fuck.
Let's do two more.
Are you a shun of a bitch?
This is from Lyman Sleazy.
Who says...
Simson...
Sim...
Sinem?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Let's find out what he means.
Sim M&M.
Why did I add an extra S in there?
New M&M's just dropped.
That's how I rap.
Sim M&M is a new Skibbity toilet.
Expect a full universe soon.
Alright, look, I like more Parappa style rap.
I miss M&M's 90s stuff.
But she's getting closer to classic form there.
There's almost two rock, 9 to 100 level rhymes there.
Sulu Sulu.
Sulu Sulu.
Nubu.
Naboo.
Almost said Naboo.
Almost wrote a Star Wars rap.
Yeah, I know I've seen the prequels.
Okay.
I've seen them.
I know Naboo.
Yeah, that's fine.
Uba.
Damn, that was good.
Look, AI has its uses, everyone.
Sometimes it just works out.
Sometimes you're like, okay, fine.
Burn it.
Let's just get rid of all the water.
Okay.
Let's see.
I'm trying to find a
potential crowd pleaser here.
But can I tell what is
from just a still frame?
Okay, this is from Reverie Wolf and this is a risk.
Because I really can't tell what this is.
But I haven't clicked on anything from Reverie Wolf yet, so.
So we'll see.
We'll just see what this is together.
Mm-hmm.
I'm a kill, you're not a fan.
I get it.
You know, you try to relate to the youth,
but you got to stay in your own vernacular.
All right.
You got to be authentically you.
What's that?
Use your own slang like a
clam town,
pickler,
rabbit.
Rabbits used to call,
used to call people rabbits and be like,
those, those, uh,
those are the ones that you're going to be.
I'm going to be like,
I'm going to be like,
I'm going to be like,
those, those, uh,
those clam towns are really graviting today.
You know,
and look, kids don't get what you're saying,
but they'll know you're being you.
I don't remember the slang clam town or
or Griblet.
Gribler.
And then there are a lot of racist ones that I can't say anymore.
I'll admit it.
There should be a lot of racist ones we just throw around.
But I've, look, I learned to stop doing those.
You can grow and change, but just, you got to stay you.
23 skadoo.
You're taking me back to when I'd have a skadoo paddle.
When I'd be, when I'd be holding this skadoo paddle,
playing sawdust ball.
You got the,
he just,
he just slammed a penny on the wood sock.
Got the whole crowd on their feet.
You're dragging ass on the ground.
Showboatin.
Yeah.
I miss those days,
but you can't live in the past.
You got to live in the now.
Sawdust ball became illegal because it got,
sawdust ball became illegal because it gave us all sepsis.
Well, thanks for letting us know.
Did we even rate that one?
I might have missed the rating.
There's a 10 out is,
is,
is,
is,
17.
I give it a 17.
So that'd be the highest score ever.
That's fine.
I don't care.
It did not do well.
Okay.
That seems like a good one to end on.
They're getting tired.
They need a nap.
That might be true.
Sometimes you got to end on a low note so that you can all take a nap.
Now you're getting it.
How'd you,
how'd your little game coming along?
You download your little game.
So you can feel like a big boy with your fake gun,
shooting a bunch of kids,
just trying to build themselves a sandcastle as family guy and
perupper the rapper.
I don't think perupper the rap is in Fortnite.
That would, they'd get me if they put him in.
That's a shame.
Looks like it downloaded actually.
So I guess we're good to go.
Though I am also curious about this itch.io version of
Fortnite that uh,
Ivan Sleazy sent me.
Well for now,
let's set it to the streets and then
we'll see when Kendall comes home.
Hopefully we have time for everything.
We'll try,
we'll try to keep trip focused on the streets today.
That can be our goal.
So I forgot to take the headline down so sad.
Anyway,
it's time for trip on the streets.
Yes.
Don't adjust your little phone or whatever you're watching me on.
God damn.
Damn.
Laptop.
Second screened.
Thirteenth monitor on to the side while you're in your goon cavern.
Watching the leaked avatar movie.
Sixteen porn.
And then I'm in the corner.
Whatever you're watching me on is my point.
Don't adjust that.
It's trip everybody.
This is totally off.
It broke because of the court case for some reason.
God damn it.
Defense claims.
So ignore that.
We'll just, we'll do a bunch of these.
We'll see how many opinions are in there.
And hopefully,
hopefully we can do it.
Cases on my ass.
I gotta,
I gotta do this quick.
Because he loves to play Fortnite or
some version of him in a hat and a weird hat does.
I don't watch the stream.
Alright.
Let's see who's out here today.
For me.
Let's see.
Okay.
Yes.
Somebody.
Yes, you there.
You have an opinion for me.
I'm Trippy B.
Huge titties.
What?
Huge titties.
What do you think of the park making a new rule that
you can't door dash deliver to the
benches?
And what about the goose by the tether ball court?
What a jerk, right?
Yeah, I do find that frustrating.
Especially the goose.
Real piece of shit, right?
Huge titties.
Sorry, you have the, um, what?
Oh, do you have like a verbal tick I'm not supposed to mention?
No.
That goose though, on my right is always, is picking at
people's pockets.
He's running up.
He's trying to, he's trying to snip at people and you
don't know how sharp those serrated beaks are.
They can do real damage if you're not careful.
Huge titties.
I don't, are you trying to say you have huge titties?
Obviously.
I've got a rockin'.
I've got a huge rockin' rack of ribs down here.
I'm pretty much putting on the nipple show 24-7
because I'm busting out of every shirt man could ever
make with my huge titties.
That's, I'm not going to comment.
That's, um, if that's a thing you'd like.
I don't like it.
It's a problem.
I'd love to hear them to be downsized.
I can't afford it.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Huge titties.
Absolutely straining the credulity of this blouse.
That goose is an asshole too.
Yes.
Okay.
Well, thank you for your opinion on the goose.
And what about the park making a rule that you can't door dash?
Well, that what I, I mostly forage in the bushes.
So that affects me less.
Smart.
That's smart.
That's a growth market foraging in the bushes.
Huge titties.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Yes, you there.
Hey, Tripp.
It's your boy, Case Blackwell.
Uh, hi, Case.
You look good, actually.
You look a lot like shit.
You went okay.
Do I?
I mean,
you got a big chin, so maybe that's a compliment.
You wanna, I mean, ask Maya to come pick you up in the park?
Um, I don't think I need that, Case.
We can do a whole thing where you talk to Maya for a while.
She's usually, she's trying to be polite
because it's just a program.
Um, Case, did you have something you need from me?
I'm Case Blackwell.
your boy all right yes you've said that let's talk to Maya that's it no no
we're just one opinion at a time case I'm very busy so okay your boy case out
that's your boy it's your boy cakes black will can I be honest with you guys
I don't like that get it just you know you don't know his vibe with your
manager I'm not really sure what to call him but it's fucking annoying if
I'm being honest fucking annoying yes you there you wish you weren't a dumbass
okay what is with the doppelgangers today you wish you weren't a dumbass my name is
Henry sock okay I think I think there's been some I was told to come here and
say that so I hope that there's no beef here I'm Henry sock uh-huh I am a son of
sock are you reading chat to share share share share I they explained this is for
stream and I was told to come say that so did I ruin it by saying that I don't
think so and I don't have any expectations did you have any opinions
Henry sock it was odd that someone asked me to do that I'm just trying to go
for a walk I lost my wife recently and I've been looking for in the park right
have you seen a woman any one of any woman well let's just start have you
seen one yes there's women in the park okay I'm gonna keep looking then okay
that's a good sign Henry shock so does Nate
okay yes are you there what do you have for me help trip help me I'm stuck are you
some sort of apparition caught in the netherrump no I'm stuck in a washing
machine oh no how did this happen my whole heiny is sticking out and I'm
wearing really I'm wearing tiny shorts oh I'm stuck oh no help me use use lubricant
or something rub it on my waist I'm stuck at the waist in the dryer it's a trap
look to me who look like a face floating in a blacky inky void help oh get in
here you'll see I'm gonna pass how could you pass that also was incredible he
didn't want to come in at all no didn't feel ultimate temptation I didn't you
pass the test you've proven yourself to be a good man as your reward you are
allowed to enter the void and help remove me from this washing machine okay
this is more trick god damn it you want to just come in here I'll show you
what's up mmm I'm okay all right okay I'm a big fan great who else wants to talk
to me should be be out on the streets for everyone to see didi didi didi didi
um all right sorry everyone one second yes you there mister mister you wouldn't
believe it I scientists told me to look through with my eyes closed and bam
no more eye cancer we live in magical times I also found this ostrich which I
ride now it's my ride away ostrich oh he wasn't on the ostrich he was behind it I
didn't get a good look and I don't I don't want to I really don't want to it's
an odd day out here in the park yes you there hey trip it's it's bomb tradie I
was watching Boston legal recently okay sure trying to decide if it holds up
you know yeah did how did it do well do you think it's too too sexist or not sex
is enough for today honestly I can't tell I'm assuming it'd be too sexist well
but that's what I thought but you'd be surprised is some ways it's forward
thinking in other ways that Donnie Crane Danny Danny Crane Danny Crane he's
all you know he root for him but he's he's stuck in the past in a lot of ways
but he's also the president because he's such a dang good lawyer is a Denny
Crane you're the one watching the show Thomas Crane my point is do you think
they should talk about all these dames all these broads they never mentioned them
being lawyers and that for me that takes me out of it like how are these
broads doing this okay I think your sexist it's the problem right okay yes
okay thank you yes that does clear that up thank you I haven't seen enough
of the show to really know maybe he's not maybe the show has warped his mind oh
well hmm hmm well it says this a thought for me I'm Chippa B D D D D D
D D D D D D D okay one second everyone just seeing who else wants to walk up to
me oh yes you there hi Trip huge g titties here do you want to join my club
It's all people with weird last names.
Is that it?
Your last name is On the Streets, right?
We protest Bart Simpson for popularizing prank calls with names like ours.
He's made our lives a living hell.
That little piece of shit has killed- he has blood on his hands.
And it's time someone did something about it.
My name is literally Hugh G. Titties.
Your last name is Titties?
I don't know if that even counts as a Bart Simpson name.
No, it does.
Who's last name is Freely?
That's a little more normal.
Yeah, like Hugh G. Rection.
Like if your last name was Rection.
Well my last name is Titties.
So where's my parade?
Or just guys with the last name, Titties?
So that's a pass.
Even though your name is ridiculous.
On the streets is a sick last name.
But I don't say my last name so that I can keep my anonymity.
Otherwise this park would be flooded with people searching for my bush, tearing up
bushes just trying to find hairs that have fallen off me because I've got so many
fucking fans in there insane.
So you'll never know my last name.
It's Bradstein.
Oh.
It's always been Bradstein.
Okay, I'm a big fan.
Then why didn't you know?
Yes, Hugh there.
You have an opinion for me?
Hi, Trap.
Can you help me get my mojo working?
Uh, possibly.
May I borrow some of your mojo?
Perhaps a splash of the ice will do.
No.
Please.
I've got none.
Everybody's bored, baby.
I've got no mojus.
Please.
Give me anything.
Step on my face.
How is that?
Step on my face.
There's not really any.
Blast my eyes, please.
Look, here's something.
If mojo comes from within, I just can't.
Please.
I can't just.
Please.
I can't.
I can't.
I think you've got some mojo.
Whatever's going on there.
It's getting a reaction out of me.
Please.
Are you waving to me?
Please.
Okay.
Okay.
Look, I can't.
Kendall's got it.
Jesus Christ.
Kendall, you're on the stream.
Oh, hello.
Just here to stream.
I mean, oh no.
Very good.
I think we'll be done right around when you're home.
Okay, cool.
I do have to edit today, so.
Well, that fucking sucks.
Yeah, but I have to edit for myself and not for work.
Oh, okay.
Then it's fine.
Yeah, for other work.
Oh no, back to sucking.
What the hell?
Yeah, for new work.
I see.
Okay.
Well, if Case was here, he'd say, I love you and I'll see you soon.
That's what he'd say.
I bet.
He'd say.
Trip Bradstein.
You couldn't tell?
Oh.
Yeah.
Bye.
Goodbye.
Oh, I hung up on her.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
That's the kind of thing that you get Case in trouble.
Fortunately, don't trip Bradstein.
Okay.
Let's see.
Let's do two more of these and then we will get two more.
They stick around for now.
So if we've had one on there, we'll get to it next time.
We'll fix this counter.
We'll know where we're at.
But we're going to do two more and then we're going to play Fortnite.
Oh, goodie.
Oh, yes, you there.
I'm Trippie B.
What do you have for me?
Has anybody thought about making a pizza hot dog?
Um, not a hot dog pizza.
A pizza hot dog.
You put the ingredients of a pizza on top of a hot dog.
Tomato sauce, cheese, some diced pepperoni.
It's a banger.
Has anybody thought about this?
Have you thought about this at home?
No one is talking about this trip.
Um, I guess, wait, okay.
Sorry, let me wrap my head around this market.
It's simple.
Not a hot dog pizza.
A pizza hot dog.
You put the ingredients of a pizza on top of a hot dog.
Tomato sauce, cheese, some diced pepperoni.
Why is no one doing this?
Um, I guess it sounds.
It kind of sounds like a meatball sub.
But with a hot dog instead, I have to rethink this.
I'll be back.
I'm a fan.
I didn't mean to put water on her aspirations.
I think she's onto something.
Okay, looks like we actually got through all of the opinions.
So, I think that means we're good to go actually.
So, thank you all.
So, we're done with the opinions.
I'm just here to hang.
Um, well, okay.
I'll just be here hanging.
Okay, well anyway, I guess it's time to play Fortnite.
So, let's send it to Brendan.
What?
I'll do that.
Let's send it to Brendan to play Fortnite.
Okay, we're gonna do it, Igman.
That's not my name.
All right, that's fine.
I don't know why you're...
Can you...
I'm gonna start.
All right, fine.
Um, look, let's send it to Brendan.
It's time to...
It's game time.
It's just game time, okay?
Hey, hi, hello.
God, okay.
Let's play Fortnite, I guess.
You may know I've been banned from Fortnite
for the first time,
because of some things I said while doing a tour in Saudi Arabia.
I guess they weren't so epic when it comes to free speech.
But I... I had... I had... I had pulled some strings last minute,
and now I'm gonna play it.
They were sitting in my band.
So, I've literally never played it before,
even though I'm one of the premier gamers on the planet.
Throughout this fucking music.
How is it...
Why is the street still waiting for opinions?
You're in Fortnite.
I mean, we're not bros anymore.
You want my take on that?
Look, I don't have any of the skins.
I haven't played.
All right?
One second.
I have to hit a bunch of buttons.
Darby Allen is probably winning the title tonight.
You wanna come watch with me and Pastor Joe?
We are gonna watch half-baked afterwards.
Mom?
No.
I don't have time for that.
How do I get rid of this?
Today is the day where things are just not working out for me.
The only day that we ever...
I'm actually in Fortnite, and I bet you don't have me.
Because you're a fucking loser.
Oh, it was Brick saying that to me.
Brick, I don't have any of the skins,
because I've been banned because of stuff I settle on tour in Saudi Arabia.
God!
Okay.
Let me do one thing.
I just have to do one thing.
Everybody calm down.
Okay.
Okay.
No, not that...
There it is.
No!
Damn it.
There it is.
I fucking did it.
Okay.
God.
Brick, what?
Skins is a British teen drama television series
that follows the lives of a group of teenagers in Bristol, England.
That's true.
All right, I'm loading Fortnite.
I've literally never played it before.
Fortunately, I'm very good at games,
and I'm sure there's not like a bunch of people in there
that have been playing this like non-stop for years.
So, I should be fine.
I should be fine.
I played Marvel Rivals.
What the fuck are you... Who's that?
Fuck!
No!
You need skin, baby?
I've got way more than I need if you want any.
Mom, stop!
I don't need your skin.
God, okay.
Just trying to get things done here.
It's so hard to load Fortnite.
Oh, my God.
Technical difficulties one second.
No, Brick, I'm doing it.
It started.
Thank you for being proud of me.
It's not said often enough that everyone's proud of me.
Wait, finding settings? I don't have settings.
Oh, it's finding them for me.
Okay.
Turn on voice chat?
Sure.
Libera de Tutomat, ex in Ferris.
Mom, I like the cold.
Yeah, it's fine.
Brandon.
What, Brick?
Quit trying to curse me in languages, I don't speak.
Fruits vs. Brain Rots.
Battle Royal.
Which is the one that's Fortnite?
Which version of Fortnite is Fortnite?
Is it Fruits vs. Brain Rots?
Thank you.
Thank you, Brick.
Okay, whatever, I'm this guy.
I'm literally this guy.
Build zero ranked, got it.
I just hit play.
I just hard launched a game.
Is that fine?
I have no other guys.
Can't be any other guys. This is the only guy I can be.
This is just a fucking guy.
I thought I could be like fucking Batman in a tutu or whatever.
Bullshit.
It's literally, I'm not even in a game yet.
Bullshit.
Hey, Bran Bran.
What?
You can play as a dog, a buff lady, and two cowboys named Clint and Bonnie.
Bonnie is your middle name pumpkin.
I love you, Bonnie.
Mom, I'm trying to play Fortnite. I don't have time to talk about Bonnie with you.
Team filled lot.
Okay, wait, I almost had to join a squad.
And I'm more of a lone wolf type gunner, gunman.
I'm more of a lone gunman.
So I'm going to go solo actually.
Can I change this guy? Can I be a different guy?
Hey, Bran.
Bran.
What?
Maybe 45er gummies for lunch was a bit much.
I got the two.
What do you want for dinner?
Mom, stop farting into my door.
Pressing your ass into my door and farting.
It's crazy to do.
What are you saying to do?
She thinks it's funny. She thinks it's funny.
She's got the brain of like a crazy child.
I can change my guy for $15?
Fuck, I'll just be this guy.
My stream can't keep up with the advanced Fortnite thing that's happening.
And I thought your mom was the one who sucked.
Pastor Joe.
Who were you saying sucked?
I don't understand.
Uh-oh. Guys, I'm in the void.
I don't think you can handle all this fortniting.
This computer is already pushed to the limit.
Hello?
What the fuck is happening?
Whatever, just a player glider. I don't care.
Uh, I don't know how to turn down the settings.
Make it worse.
Make everything worse.
Make them shitty.
No, make them bad. Turn it from auto set to bad.
Yeah, whatever, save.
Oh God, okay.
That's easier. It's no longer in 4k.
But I have ceased to exist and that's a problem.
Fuck. Um, okay, I guess we're going with no cam.
Sorry, we've got to play with no cam.
It's completely shut off, which is fucking annoying.
Am I supposed to be doing something?
You don't believe it's me playing? It is.
Look, I'm going left and right.
I'm doing, I'm waggling around.
I'm going into the dust.
Oh, I stopped skydiving.
I'm going into the snow.
Gonna hit some powder.
It's pow time.
It's pow pow time.
I legit don't know how to play this game at all.
Give me this, whatever.
What the fuck happened? Oh my God.
Wait, was that your mom and that AMC ad farting on your door?
How did she get in their theaters? She was like...
Oh, I've got a gun. Is that fine?
Oh, you can sprint.
You can sprint and then you can gun.
If I have just a gun, does that... fine.
Am I good to go? Do I need other stuff?
Arrivalry?
What?
I don't want to have Arrivalry. I don't know anything.
Without your camera on, that's the best you've ever looked.
Mom?
You know? Okay.
Like, you kind of support me, okay?
I'm really trying. I don't know what's wrong with my camera.
And I'm sensitive about that.
Oh my God, what a beautiful jump.
Is someone going to shoot me because I'm very out in the open?
Oh shit, there was a treasure up there.
Are we sure that that fruit-sourced brain-rats thing
isn't the real version of this game?
What, Rick?
You two, Rick? God damn.
Oh my God, what's all this shit?
It's rare? Is that good?
Okay. I've got grenades now.
I have this gun that... oh, this gun.
Someone appears so I can shoot you.
Could have been a different game in that treasure chest.
Can I find another treasure chest?
Time... oh fuck. Don't do it.
You're a child. Stop being a child.
I'm not a child.
I'm not a child.
You're a child. Stop being a child.
I'm being fired upon.
I'm being shot at a lot.
Someone's shooting a lot.
There's a lot of bullets happening.
Oh my God. I've got the XP.
But she was being shot at by someone, right?
Oh my God, I'm a murderer.
I'm so good at this game.
Oh shit, someone else is around.
I'm out of bullets. I'm out of fucking bullets.
Great, useless.
Oh shit, they died.
Oh my God.
Brick, you're doing abuse to me.
Stop doing abuse at me. It's fucked up.
I don't know what this is at all.
It's a bot lobby? No, that can't be true.
That can't be true.
I'm doing really well.
And bots, like, AI is getting so good
that if it was a bot lobby, like, they'd be even better.
I already knew that you said that, Brick.
I literally can see into the future. That's how advanced I am.
I don't know what any of this shit is.
What am I supposed to even do with this?
Can I get rid of it?
Oh shit, I'm being shot at again.
I don't know what's happening and I'm spending a lot of time standing still
and I'm somehow not dead, so...
Maybe...
Oh God, leave me alone!
Brick, what?
Have you ever thought of wanting to do thirsty hours
that your students want to do?
I want to do this.
Okay, these people are really bad.
I believe the other way, yeah.
What is happening?
Because I'm definitely...
obviously good, but it is my first time playing,
so this is confusing.
What the fuck is this?
What am I even holding?
What does this do?
Okay, give me this.
Oh, it's my other gun.
No mom!
I'm not happy about any of it.
One second, let me see if there's anything I can do.
My parents...
My fucking CIA handler and my mom are giving me so much shit.
Even though I'm just trying to do my best.
I'm just trying to do my best.
Do my best.
Um...
Nope.
Let's see if anything happens if I do this.
Alright, it's hopeless. It's fucking hopeless.
Oh, I'm alive still.
I've been standing straight up still and nobody killed me.
That's crazy.
No, leave me alone!
I'm just a young boy.
Just like you. We could be friends.
Okay, this has to be a bot, right?
Why are they so bad? This doesn't even make sense.
What the fuck? How is everyone as bad as me?
How did I get away from that situation?
Whatever I give up.
I'm not fighting you.
I'm a man of peace.
How do we both miss each other? We were so close to each other.
Oh, they got me!
They finally actually hit me with their many shots.
Alright, let me change the settings.
Windowed full screen.
Apply those.
It did not fix my camera.
Alright, look. We'll have to try this again sometime.
Not only...
I proved that I'm really good at Fortnite.
I answered everyone's question.
I literally got like 19th my first try.
It's fucking incredible.
But I have to close it because it's breaking the whole computer.
Brick, you literally do CIA stuff and you're bragging.
You're just... all you're doing is bragging right now.
It's crazy because it's your job as guns or something.
And you think that I'm supposed to be impressed?
I'm on a...