I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said test test is this mic on. Where's my curse of use?
6, 5, 4, 3, 2...
It's Friday. We're almost there man. Once the weekend's here man, this is gonna be crazy.
Good to see everybody. J-Money, PsyTrix, TrueBlue91er's AppleDapple CommanderGig live and Sleazy... I say Gag.
Gab.
How was Karate Kid?
Honestly, pretty good. Despite my general thrust towards complaining about things, I had very few complaints about Karate Kid.
Sometimes, if it's a nice little simple story, it works for me what Friday is here.
Then they kick in Karate Kid, so that's probably what you mean. The feet that they used to fight in that.
Flat white for Gregory? Wait, what does that mean?
I'm down for it though. Whatever it is, I hope.
Yes, we... I'm a little early today, I have to leave probably around four, so we should get into it.
If anyone's feeling super adventurous, you can request the new segment here.
Look, this DJC4 Friday exclusive request is available. If you want your own song request, lovingly and carefully written and produced by our very own DJC4.
Feel free.
But we'll start off with some news and then see where everything takes us.
Because why not? It's news time.
It's still your assignment. Don't let them take it from you.
It's about time. It's been a newsless week for you, case. Barely any news at all.
And now I've just realized, it's in the name. You really gave yourself a get out of jail free card there.
The jail of news. News is the jail that all of us exist in. Life is news.
If you think about it, case, you know? I guess.
Whoa, the jams are coming in. Today's song request is from Cytricks for corgi butts.
Just corgi butts. Cytricks, if you have a particular artist or anything in mind, a genre, feel free to throw it in there.
But I think that's plenty to go off case. I agree. Corgi butts is really all you need. I've said that before.
All you need is corgi butts. You know how I say that?
We gotta stop saying we say things that we never say. You're not around me all the time. You don't know all the things I say.
You can't prove that I've lied even once ever. Speaking of never lying ever, Elon Musk fell down and went boo boo.
And that's all that's happening here. Noted billionaires can bonk their eyes just like the rest of us.
And one of them did. And I for one, putting partisan politics aside. My heart goes out to the eyeballs of Elon Musk.
Really just the one. You think he just got bonked? Everybody can get bonked in the eye by any number of things.
A really fast moving bee. A baseball. A golf ball. Well, how did he get bonked?
Don't worry. I've got the facts to stop all of this insidious commentary about some violent falling out between him and the state that he represents with his money.
Elon Musk showed up with a black eye at the Oval Office, pictured to my right.
And he blames his young son. Oh, it was a child. He got his ass kicked by a baby.
Well, I'm assuming his kid was just thrashing around. Is the story he's going with?
Whatever works for you is the song request. For Corgi Butt's case.
We can do whatever we want. You can do whatever you want. Where's our fish tie?
Did you forget to put on your tie? You forgot to put on your tie.
I thought we were going tieless today, but my fish tie is right here.
All right, we can wear the fish tie. Wait a minute. I gotta do this right.
I can't not wear this fish tie. I would argue it's baked into the show now. The fish tie that is.
Wait a minute. That DJC for request is no longer active. One second. Boom. There we go. Disappear.
Okay, now we're locked and loaded. It's not casual Friday.
Casual Friday has been banned from this office. We need to take our work here seriously, Jeff.
Put on your tie and be a professional. I already, I did it way faster than you.
While Case was lollygagging around over there, I was busy putting on my superior purple topped fish tie.
I like the blue top fish tie. Everybody likes the purple look more.
Fishy Friday? I thought it was Foot Friday. For fruit by the foot.
And that's why Pepito gives out all that fruit by the foot. That's just tape.
That's just tape that he's died collars in ways you don't want to know about.
Is that why it tasted like tape? Yes. That makes sense.
And back to making more sense. Elon Musk was beat up by his son.
Elon Musk showed up with a noticeable black eye during his May 30 press conference with Donald Trump.
The press conference marked the end of the must tenure in the Trump administration after four months of doing a great job.
You think you did a great job? That was me ad-libbing there just to consolidate the story.
Everybody's happy with how he did. So happy that he's done. He finished.
I think he might have kind of worn out his welcome, become a complete political liability.
But that's the job of a billionaire is to make the hard decisions that others can't with their money and become hated for it.
Oh. It's a complicated job.
Musk, who was also sporting a DOGE hat pictured above NOT beaten up by his son,
claimed that his five-year-old son, XAEA-12,
I think he might have accidentally put in the name of a PDF document. No, that's his kid's name.
Maybe he really loves that PDF, so we named his kid after that.
Anyway, he claimed that his five-year-old son, Titan AE, or whatever, was the source of his bruise.
Elon Musk and President Donald Trump gave a joint press conference at the White House on today, May 30th, in case you forgot the date.
It's also right below there. So, Mark, the end of must 10 year. Should we watch? Oh, God.
We're really making a habit of watching Trump press conferences on this stream. I don't know how I feel about it.
It feels like news to me. Trump. We'll see how long we last. Trump, Elon, press conference.
Who's got our back today? Another classic 90-minute speedrun of a press conference.
Let's see when they start to talking. When do they start to talking? Okay, somewhere around here.
Add options now.
How did Elon really get his black eye? Look, I'm just reporting the facts.
But with enough votes, things can become facts because this is America. This is America.
Don't catch you voting, though. Or do catch you voting? Hmm.
The answers are started applying grunge face. That would do it. September fish tie. September again.
And of course, option 5 TBD, which is actually Trump's chicken.
Oh, he was pretty upset about all that chicken stuff. Kendall didn't quite make it on there, unfortunately.
It's between September, September fish tie, started applying grunge face and Trump's chicken.
Exclamation point one through five is how you vote for the options on your screen. They're labeled with the number.
That's true. I'm so good at explaining your complicated voting system case.
It gets more complicated every day. Look forward to more complicated voting systems in the future,
both on this stream and probably in real life as we make it intentionally harder to vote to keep us all honest.
Democracy.
Looks like Trump's chicken is responsible, actually. Oh, and I can see why Trump wouldn't want to be forthcoming with that,
because the chicken thing has become a real liability for him.
What was the deal with the chicken thing? You didn't notice the Trump chicken thing?
We'll preface this press conference with the Trump chicken statements that everybody loves, because it's fun.
It's fun the things he says we've decided.
Mr. Red. Let's listen to him rant about chickens.
President Wall Street analysts have coined a new term called the taco trade.
They're saying Trump always chickens out on your tariff threats, and that's why markets are higher this week.
What's your response to that?
Six months ago, this country was stone cold dead. We had a dead country.
We had a country people didn't think it was going to survive, and you ask a nasty question like that.
It's called negotiation. You set a number.
If you go down, if I set a number, a ridiculous high number, and I go down a little bit,
a little bit, they want me to hold the number.
Trump, no, don't give it away.
145% tariff. Even I said, man, that really got up.
You know how it got? Because of Fenton, and many other things, and you added it up.
I said, where are we now? We're at 145%. I said, whoa, that's high.
But don't ever say what you said. That's a nasty question.
I can promise you, and I have great respect for the people at the European Union,
they wouldn't be over here today negotiating if I didn't put a 50% tariff on.
The sad thing is now when I make a deal with them, it's something much more reasonable.
They'll say, oh, he was chicken. He was chicken. That's so unbelievable.
Does that count as leaking state secrets? What? That he said he sets really high tariffs
and then backs off on them? I think it's pretty clear that that's what he's doing.
I didn't know. I thought he was serious about them. That's why I was so worried.
I mean, it's still serious.
Oh, it is? Well, which is it, Case?
Maybe that's the ultimate Machiavellian trading deal move out of the trading.
You tell them exactly what you're doing.
I mean, I'm not going to say this imaginary tariff that I just said that's totally unreasonable.
I know it's unreasonable. I did it intentionally so that you would come back with a really low number.
And then they do. I don't think that's how negotiations traditionally work.
A crazy old man at the nursing home.
Yeah, I mean, I think everybody has to... Well, everybody doesn't have to.
But whenever I happen upon... So I'm going to sit back really quick.
Just some leaning back a little bit. Yeah, just leaning back in the cut a little bit.
That feels better. You see them little now.
Okay, let me lean forward a bit and just lean forward in the cut a little bit.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
What? Please.
Listen, Jack, scum are just my Majan 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
What's that, Mr. President?
My crazy old man stuff was also an intricate plan.
This is why we have the leadership we deserve in this country.
All of these smart old men tricking us with their power moves.
Just like this smart train that shows up right when all the subs start pouring in.
How does it know to do that?
Streamerbot.
AIs everywhere.
Thank you so much for the support.
Today, I, Jeff Ripple, will be your hype train.
Well, there's probably a hype trainer on here somewhere, but there's no time.
Instead, I'll be your hype train.
Dane Sauce. You've been subscribed for 8 million months.
That's more months than you've been alive.
But we were there at the moment of your conception, and we subscribed for you.
Retroactively, deep into the past.
Thank you for your support.
That's not how subs work. That's how they work today, Case.
300 bits from Skymer.
Actual gold.
Falling all over this station.
Clumping onto the roof like so much powerful hell.
Destroying this station with your powerful bits,
and yet we still appreciate it.
That's the power of news.
I've got to be hyped, Case. I'm the hype train.
A panther has appeared.
A dangerous creature that could kill me at a back.
It was scared of my intensity.
That's the level of hype Jeff Ripple's bringing to this stream,
and I'll bring it for another 8 million months.
Just like the amount of time everyone's been subscribed for.
Back to you, Case.
Dilemma. You're destroying the roof with all the bits you're raining upon us.
It's a weak roof. What?
300 shiny tasty coins.
Now I've been dying to say this. Taste my...
He's been waiting to say that?
He's one of his 40 chest moves.
Bidens, that is.
My point is the roof is in terrible shape, but we love it.
Destroy our roof.
Let it rain directly upon our heads doing massive damage to our craniums.
I don't know, that's how the bits work.
That's how the bit works, Case.
And it also feeds our dog way too much.
He gets hyped out of his mind and gains superpowers.
It's dangerous here. Every time you subscribe and give us bits,
it puts us all at mortal risk, and we gladly accept it.
For the hype!
Power up my voice, Case.
Um...
Ah!
I am the hype train today!
How's that? You're doing pretty good.
Also 100 bits doing the same thing to the roof!
How could you, Bundlesprobe? Just kidding.
We like it a lot!
Is this news?
Does this mean that Jeff goes back to hell when the hype is over?
Oh, God, what have I agreed to?
Maybe I've been in hell all along.
Maybe it's like the film Meet Joe Dirt.
Wait, what?
No, I think you mean the Brad Pitt movie where he plays Death.
Yes, Joe Dirt.
No, that's a different...
I think that's a different Joe movie.
The Brad Pitt Death movie?
I'm pretty sure that's not Joe Dirt.
Incorrect. Meet Joe Dirt starring Brad Pitt.
He goes on an adventure across the country
to rid himself of the curse of death
and does so by getting annihilated by a comet.
Just like the dinosaurs, it all comes full circle.
I think you're having a stroke.
That's the power of hype, Case.
That's the power of hype.
And anyway, thank you all.
Thank you.
A roof is destroyed.
Do you think Steve Miller gave Elon that black eye?
If it was a member of the state,
who's Trump's enforcer?
Who goes and fucks people up for him?
Is it Kyle Rittenhouse?
No.
If anything, it's just cops in general.
Okay.
Hulk Hogan?
Oh, maybe he gave Elon the leg drop.
But he could never hit it that well, so he just kind of grays the eye.
It could have been his kid, I guess.
Does Jeff know about the Stephen Miller, Katie Miller, Elon thing?
Oh, my God.
Those are all names I can Google.
Stephen Miller, Katie Miller, Elon Musk.
Musk takes Stephen Miller's wife.
Wait, what is this headline?
What am I reading right now?
Courtesy of the Daily Beast.
Trump must takes, the hype thing's covering it up,
but look, must take Stephen Miller's wife as Trump aid rage tweets.
What?
There's so many reasons he could get punched, I guess.
But what does this even mean?
All right, all right, all right.
We're gonna get into all of the Elon news.
There's fallouts everywhere. There's fallout boys.
There's fallout all over his face.
There's bits falling on the roof.
It's a crazy day for news.
Musk takes Stephen Miller's wife, pictured here, I guess?
Is that her? I guess that's her.
Or that's an unfortunate photo for that lady who's not his wife.
Elon Musk is officially making his exit from the federal government,
and it appears he is taking one of the President,
President Donald Trump's top aides with him.
Oh!
That's why we should never talk about the news case.
Because it kills the hype.
That's true, but we gotta talk about something.
Oh yeah, I guess so.
We must be speaking at all times, I forgot.
Kate Miller, a top advisor and spokesperson
for the Department of Government Efficiency at the White House,
is headed out to work for the tech billionaire, according to CNN.
It prompted rumors to swirl across the internet, swirl that is.
Or squirrel. Either works.
Okay. To swirl all over the internet,
that there's trouble in the West Wing in the sense of probably more babies for Elon?
I mean, that's a little reductive to assume just because she's a female staffer,
that she's fucking Elon Musk.
But she could be. I mean, I guess she could be.
Miller is married to White House Deputy Chief of Staff Stephen Miller,
who on Wednesday fired off a lengthy post on X
over Musk criticizing Trump's big beautiful bill.
Maybe he's gonna have to start criticizing Elon's ruined, debatably large penis.
Oh yeah, for those who don't know,
there's many rumors that Elon got some kind of botched penile surgery.
I'm assuming to make it bigger?
Or maybe just to make it prettier.
How do you botch a surgery to make your penis prettier?
How do you make a penis prettier?
Roses.
That's how I do it.
Strike that from the record.
Musk's doge appeared to be ready to bring a wrecking ball to the federal government
when it started its work,
but now it's bringing cock and balls.
Boom. God is ass. Did you? Yes.
Anyway, maybe he's fucking that lady.
Maybe that lady's fucking him.
Or maybe a partnership is when you both fuck each other.
Back to you, Case.
Stop saying that in the middle of the segment.
But it is. I'm waiting for your response.
Baby.
This is the level of an L. This is why you need co-hosts.
Okay. Also, he got punched.
Never forget that he also got punched.
He's got an elf leg attached.
He got an elf on the shelf installed as his penis.
So that it would be cuter.
Elon doesn't have sex. He sends him his seed.
There are also rumors that he
burns the traditional act of petty human lovemaking
in favor of the brutal techno future of semen mail.
Like, mailing semen?
And he also wants the semen to be mail.
Apparently. Only sons.
What a time we live in. It's the future. We're here.
Anyway, he also got fucking punched.
The press conference that we're about to watch began with Trump
extolling the victories of the first four months
of his second term.
Victories including how well Doge went, which is why Elon's leaving.
Well, I guess we were about to watch this
punishing hour-long press conference.
We will not make it all hour long, but let's see
what kind of the usual rambling he gets up to.
Gonna get one last order of
of imports that were going to be tariffed
and they were loaded up on things.
How the hell did they already fix the trade,
or not fix it, but to cut it in half,
that's crazy.
Dog pick, you're too kind.
Dog pick, you are too kind.
Don't encourage him.
He needs to be stopped.
You work at my station.
We have to be careful and not say anything nice about him.
He can't be trusted with compliments.
Okay, well anyway,
how come every Trump press conference
is featuring a screen pointed at a camera now?
My guess would be because Trump is extremely old,
and the idea of plugging HDMI cords into things
creates a full panic in the administration,
so they just have to go with the screen that they got.
Someone there has to know how to do picture in picture.
If case can figure it out,
someone there must be able to do this.
Well, they just lost their big-time tech guy,
so maybe they're out of luck.
Well, they're about to in this clip.
We're going to skip the part where he just points a laptop
at the camera.
Well, the richest man in the world,
supposedly, is right behind him,
and he's the president of the most powerful nation in the world,
and he's pointing a laptop with just the speakers,
the speaker noise of the laptop getting recorded.
We'll skip that part.
Oh, we don't want to watch that whole thing.
For some reason, we're going to skip that part.
Let's get to the part where they start rambling,
and it's equally confusing.
You guys want to stand over here, you might as well.
You're the ones that help produce those numbers,
and it'll only get better if the tariffs are so important,
and that's why we were so happy with the decision yesterday.
How many awards has this guy gotten?
There's no shortage of trophies.
Because without the tariffs, our nation would be imperiled.
Is that his fucking golf trophy?
I think I can say that with great purity, Scott.
Yes, it does say club world on it.
So I'm assuming.
That big decision yesterday.
And today it's about...
It almost looks like it says Fifi at the bottom.
And he's one of the greatest business leaders
and innovators the world has ever produced.
He stepped forward to put his very great talent
into the service of the company.
We appreciate it.
I just want to say that Elon has worked tirelessly,
helping lead the most sweeping and consequential government
reform program in generations.
And you know the kinds of things that he's...
Oh, I can't.
He's founded his people have found.
He's brought a group of very smart people in.
What else? What else?
New York City, $45 million for diversity, equity,
and inclusion.
Horrible, horrible situation was going on.
Okay, wait, I'm going to give you the time codes
here every time I skip.
So this is...
They start talking around 37 minutes in,
and you know, he's sort of rambling like this,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Let's skip three minutes ahead.
He's sold 101 million dollars.
Still rambling.
The EI contracts...
Let's skip three minutes ahead.
...from on the internet.
Still rambling.
Yet Elon willingly, with all of the success,
he willingly accepted the outreach.
Let's skip six minutes ahead.
Oh, another guy started talking.
All right, let's see when that even happened.
Our country.
15 minutes of unabridged rambling.
That's what makes him the president.
It's hard to do that, to just keep talking.
And not knowing what you're saying or why.
But he pulled it off for at least 20 minutes.
That's right.
Large luck.
That's the key to the country.
He paid for it.
This is not the end of Doge, but really the beginning.
My time as a special government employee
necessarily had to end.
It was a limited time thing.
It's 134 days, I believe, which ends in a few days.
So...
Is he wearing a The Doge Father T-shirt?
That's clever.
In what way is that clever?
In case what you're not understanding is there's a film
called The Godfather.
Let's keep watching.
So that, you know, comes with a timeline.
But the Doge team will only grow stronger over time.
Would you believe it, though, that they actually, at this point...
They started talking twice as fast.
So if they're communicating throughout the government,
and I'm confident that over time we'll see $20 of savings
and reduction in $20 of way-supported production.
The cap features of those 13 thus far, in terms of Fy25 and Fy26
are over $160 billion, and that's climbing.
We expect that to probably go over $200 billion soon.
So I think the Doge team is doing an incredible job.
They're going to continue doing an incredible job,
and I'll continue to be visiting here and be a friend
and advisor to the president, and I look forward to
you know, time to meet back in the semis.
Well look, I take all my news from primary sources.
So what up my takeaway is, everything's going great.
Doge worked, and everything was a success.
So what are we even mad at?
As B. Grendel points out, he's pretty much just lying.
Almost all the figures the Doge team has quoted
have been debunked every time they've released them.
They have made extensive cuts to infrastructure.
But weirdly, the budgets really not improved.
There's no improvement on the deficit.
Something Elon Musk has complained about,
if you care about the deficit, you don't care about the deficit?
That's so irresponsible of a noise to make.
For such a serious thing as the Nacion Andes visit.
It's hard to talk about this stuff because everyone's so full of shit.
It just feels like you're talking about air.
Well we all breathe air.
So that's not the worst thing to talk about.
How's your air over there?
Well you know, it's kind of got the usual smells
that Peter and Papito create throughout the studio.
Yes, those are very present.
But other than that, it's decent air.
Surprisingly solid air in this place,
given the things Peter and Papito are doing
all over the studio at all times.
Particularly Peter though. Definitely particularly Peter.
Talk more about Air Bud.
Do you think the film Air Bud will influence
the tariff conversation case?
Yes I do. In what way?
Well, if a dog can play basketball,
what's to stop a dog from setting all of our tariff policy?
Now that's an interesting question.
Because think of all the money we could save
if we didn't pay a dog to do all the work that everyone is doing.
Now we're making some sense.
Yeah for sure.
This seems about as smart as the things that are being said
in the White House and so I'll assume
we've done a really good job covering this story.
And that's all the time we have.
That's it.
Do you really want to talk about this more?
Not particularly no.
Just know Elon's got a shiner
because he shined up the country
and it transferred that shine directly to his face.
Either that or he got beat up for criticizing the administration.
One of those two.
But the news has rippled all over you.
And what a coincidence.
That is in fact my last name.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
No frickin' intro song?
Are you insane?
Papito this is a miscarriage of justice.
It is insane to cut directly to me
without the usual overly produced intro graphics.
I'm deeply offended by what's occurred this day.
And I demand a recount on the graphics.
A recount on the graphics.
What does that even mean?
Play the graphics is my point.
It's unacceptable to not play these graphics.
Play them on the graphics.
That's at a bare minimum what we need
in order to feel like this segment has started.
I think people get it.
I think we've done this.
Over 200 times now.
Really think about that much.
You've put me through this.
Over 200, almost 300 times.
Minus a couple times where we doubled up
or where we played Beyblade.
We're not almost 300 of these debates.
We're closing in on that.
That's nothing to me.
I could do a million of these debates.
I would be unrattled by anything.
100% authentically myself.
That's my power.
What's your power?
Being piss?
God you're just so scatological.
I'm piss-ological.
I'm not scatological.
That's poop.
I'm talking about piss.
You're very potty focused
in your insults lately.
Probably because I'm sitting next to the bathroom.
But you don't flush right.
Because I was like...
That is so gross.
Stop it.
You know, you only have two losses
until you get killed.
I did agree
that...
Okay, let's explain the whole situation again.
God this is so complicated.
Whose fault is that?
Yours.
You bet a gorilla $300,000.
That was the instigating instance.
Starting starter.
Not to use the same word.
Shut up.
Explain.
A gorilla $300,000.
I've slowly been paying him off.
I bid a ton of progress.
I've slowly been paying him off
with my money
but that you agreed to pay me when I win.
Recently, we upped the amount
that I will be taking home
and we actually need to fix the amount there.
Oh shit, I didn't fix.
Just know that he actually owes $100,000.
Damn it.
It's too annoying to fix right now.
I'll fix it for next time.
You're gonna make me fix it.
Anyway, I still owe the gorilla $100,000.
I'm gonna make $15,000 every time I win.
Meaning I have to win roughly seven more times.
Exactly seven.
However, I agreed that if I don't clear my debt
in the next eight debates,
I will allow this very patient
and respectable gorilla
looking incredible as always.
Looking fantastic in this tuxedo.
This gorilla right here.
I agreed to let that gorilla punch me in the face
if I don't clear the debt in the next eight rounds.
So there's that.
I think Munch owes you the $100,000
grateful in regards to Crumb bringing him back from the beyond.
I did through relinquishing several wins.
Get you to $100,000 first,
which resummoned your spirit apparently
into this mortal plane.
What are you talking about?
I mean, there's ret,
you can go back through the YouTube catalog.
You appeared in a blazing blast of red plasma.
In effect, I'm still not sure how our production sorted out.
I'm just saying,
kayfabe wise,
kayfabe, everything I do is 100% real.
Kayfabe wise, I'm kind of the reason you're back.
Counterpoint from Commander Geb,
not Crumb sucks,
I can't wait to see you get decapitated by a gorilla punch.
My head wouldn't just fly off from getting punched.
If anything, I'll lean out of the punch kind of as I take it,
thus kind of airbagging my face.
I'll also do this,
creating natural cheek bags like in a car crash.
It'll disperse the force of the gorilla punch.
You're going to get decapitated.
You're going to get killed in front of me.
Which I say with all the glee in the world,
God that is fucked up.
Do you realize how many times you have joked about my death?
Zero times, there's no jokes here.
Do you really mean that?
You really want to see me die?
Yes.
You've got to be kidding.
That is so insane to admit.
It's to be insane not to.
Have you met yourself?
Okay, I think you're kidding.
I'm not.
Just wink if you're kidding.
Blink if you're kidding.
Keep the camera on him.
Don't let him out of this.
Blink if you're kidding.
This is going to suck.
I can't blink the whole time.
I can't blink this whole time.
My eyes are going to get so dry
because you're kidding.
So you need to blink.
What are we debating today?
Okay, I guess let's...
You dare fuck a song about cargy butts.
What was the debate?
Dang it.
It didn't record the debate request.
That's crazy.
Shit.
I don't see the debate request.
Were we even summoned?
I mean, the little crumb was up in the corner.
I assumed yes.
Maybe that was a...
Maybe that was an issue with...
Oh, I blinked.
I'm the one who can't blink.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, live and sleep.
There was no debate request.
I think it's just that the DJC fourth thing probably
accidentally turned that on.
Oh, well then let's leave.
I don't even need to pay you today.
I don't like to use them.
I started in an unauthorized debate.
There should be a loss.
That would be fair.
Fuck, you just blinked twice.
But I blink so many times that
you can't even tell.
I was Mars code if you go back.
I'm not kidding.
Can't wait.
We'll celebrate when you die.
Have crumb debate that munch munch from dead?
That's a great debate.
Does munch want me dead?
I think you don't.
And I have said explicitly that I do.
Well, I think even if you did,
you'll have intense buyers remorse.
As you have every time,
I've disappeared for even a second.
What, you think you're my fucking binky?
Maybe a binky that's meant to poison me.
A poison binky?
You do have a head that a baby could suck on.
If it was a giant baby,
you could be like a baby's binky.
But as a person, like an evil giant
that uses humans as binkies,
you can be the first choice
because of the disturbing roundness of your head.
Okay, well, look,
I don't mind debating whether or not munch munch
be dead because I think we all know.
Secretly.
You're just Johnson for a little bit of friendship.
You know, I don't play.
My friends, you know,
pickleball show popular.
We actually started a offshoot game
called cucumber ball.
The fun thing about it
is that you played on a,
you played on any normal table
and you play it with cards.
But you throw ping pong balls at the cards
and there's a system of scoring.
It's sort of a game of chance
plus a game of aim.
Oh my God.
Cucumber ball.
Shut up.
Yes, I want you dead.
If there's a mod that can make that debate,
I'm so excited to explain
the infinite number of reasons
that I would love to see you get decapitated
by a gorilla directly in front of me.
And I'd love to see you try
to convince yourself
that I am not your best friend
that despite our occasionally contentious relationship,
you desperately need and appreciate
everything you just said,
every fucking disgusting syllable
out of your mouth.
May as well have been the keys of a piano
playing a fucking permanent funeral dirge
because I would pray
to any God in fucking space,
including the ones that are versions of me,
to smite you out of existence
and completely fucking erase you
like we're in some advanced version
of the Marvel Universe
where we've encountered cosmic beings
that messed with the continuity so much
that things become incomprehensible.
I will put this stream through that level of ambiguity
just to see you fucking erased permanently.
You should have never been born.
If humanity didn't exist,
that wouldn't be too small of a price
for you to be fucking gone.
I hate your guts.
Counterpoint, you're kind of like me.
I just think, you know,
I've seen this man's social life
and by that I mean I haven't seen it.
So if you have another friend out there,
I'd love for you to point him out in the room.
Human beings are social animals.
Deny it as you might.
I think I am the closest thing you have
to a fucking friend in this world.
Name any other friend.
Mestopheles?
That's not an imaginary demon
that you've constructed in your mind,
in this insane, crumbling mind palace
that you have to cling to your fragile sense of ego.
Name any actual person
who can tolerate sitting next to you.
Whoever.
AI is much his friend.
Yeah, are you excited that Vo3 can talk
so that you can have someone tell you,
happy to see you?
Kendall's here.
Kendall's going to PetSmart.
Two.
Make sure you're packed by four.
We're leaving at four.
Kendall's saying we're leaving at four.
So get your shit together, Crom.
I swear to God, you're not.
Pretty serious.
She's threatening specific...
Break your nose.
She's threatening specifically Crom with violence.
Bone?
She will...
Nose bone into your brain.
She'll put your nose bone in your brain
if you're not packed and ready to go.
That's specifically four.
And that's the kind of fist that you'll get, Crom.
She's threatening you just via me.
See?
That's for you.
Make sure he's packed by four, okay?
That means we gotta wrap up this debate.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Wait, who?
Remind him, okay?
Thank you.
Be packed by four.
You can pack on stream if you want.
It's fine.
I'm not doing that.
Tell Crom that you can pack on stream, okay?
I'll relay all this to Kace at some point.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Wait a minute.
Who even won that debate?
I was so distracted.
Damn it.
You lost?
I won?
Crom won?
Check the fucking replay here.
Crom won, Munch won.
See, these are unreliable narrators of events, chat.
You know I love you, but there's the Crom Superpack in chat.
I gotta fucking watch my own magnificent performance here.
I don't want him dead!
Somebody might have tampered with this replay.
Because everything about this looks wrong.
Nothing about this seems right.
Looks like the proof is in the replay.
Look at this.
Kendall's here.
Do you think that someone took the time to fully animate the graphic syncing crumb to prove that...
And also, I already knew that.
No one was cutting me and my mic was off, but I was saying, I won.
I won that whole time.
I won.
Hey, cut to me.
I won.
I was saying that the whole time.
So I think it's safe to say, I'm not getting punched today.
Oh!
Only six more wins till somebody pays me $300,000.
That's the other complicated thing we didn't even get to.
Basically every time I win, and by the way, you need to reduce that by 20k.
I will get around to reducing it by 20k.
I'm a man of my financial word who is also, I've never told a lie.
This is why it's insane that people are putting words in my mouth trying to imply that I don't want you dead.
It's just so obvious that secretly and not secretly, secret not secret, I'm your only friend.
You are so...
Oh my God!
I'm not even gonna let you get my goat with this.
Because my goat is safe and he's in the sacrifice circle.
And I will be sacrificing him later to ensure your death.
Don't kill a goat.
You know, that's part of my culture, okay?
We have to kill goats every once in a while.
What culture?
Oh my God.
So sad, so sad.
The way you see yourself.
So sad that you have to see yourself.
Those poor mirrors, think of what they're going through.
There's a message for Munch.
I see.
Munch wants Crumb to die so he can bring him back.
What to prove that you're magic?
If I died you could not resummon me.
I would be dead Munch.
You do realize.
I wouldn't resummon you.
You were the last thing I would bring back into this existence.
There's a message for me in the bin for it.
Okay, or for Munch.
Warrails Munch got.
What the hell is this?
Let me, let my song finish.
Let your song finish.
Let my song finish.
It's part of my win.
We shall have rules around here.
When I win I get to hear my whole song.
You've heard this so many times.
Oh, you're admitting I've won.
Almost 140 times.
I'll admit you cheated innumerable times.
I still have 154.9k channel points.
I'll give directly to the gorilla to punch him right now.
Oh wait, why am I getting excited for that?
It's a lot of points.
Crumb, I agree.
I know I don't agree.
That's very nice melody on torture.
Use it to make a bunch of dinosaurs walk across the stream
or whatever case allows.
They use it for all the Munch planes.
I'm ahead today in the Munch plane score.
I forget that we even have that because you're always behind in it.
You are always behind in the plane score just so you know.
I can kick in 200k.
Now we're talking pretty big numbers.
It's for your own death.
And it's not a bet.
Munchin' on victory.
Bring back Crump's friend when Munch loses.
Wasn't his name Al Munchester or something?
I don't know what you're talking about, John Michael.
It was his name and I do miss him.
He was a much nicer version of you even though I know it's just you.
You're talking about the husk that was occupying this mortal sack.
While my spirit was busy gallivanting with the gods then maybe that was that guy's name.
I don't care.
Okay there's a message for you apparently.
Let's see what it is.
Happy to see you Ralph Munch cut.
Is that like your fucking uncle or something?
What is even happening there?
She happy to see you.
It was for you.
That's one of your fan.
Look if you're a fan obviously you're a man of taste and wealth.
Oh yeah that's my friend.
Oh my god you didn't even know.
No that's my friend Thomas.
That's Thomas sorry Tom.
We do a thing where we pretend not to know each other.
Oh my god that is Shoshad.
That was an AI that live in Shleshee made to bail you out.
That's my friend Thomas.
How are you gonna talk about him like that?
Just cause he's got a conventional name like Thomas doesn't mean that he's not my friend.
Conv- what are you talking about?
That's Thomas dude.
Stop being fucking mean to him.
And by the way don't call him Tom.
Friends call him Thomas.
Enemies call him Thomas.
His name is Thomas.
What's his last name?
Pickles.
His name is Thomas Pickles.
Like Tommy Pickles?
Not like Tommy Pickles.
His name is Thomas Pickles.
What is he a little rug rat?
It all grown up?
That's so disrespectful to Thomas.
Who you've never even met.
Well if he's a friend of you then I would be confused.
Unfortunately I wouldn't be this rude except I know he's not real.
Ralph Munchcutt called Horish Cope a butt nut.
Did you do that?
I- maybe?
I don't know what most of the words in that mean.
Look we gotta make a song or something apparently.
And we need to be packed and ready to go in like 40 minutes so Kendall doesn't murder you.
Before you have a chance to get killed by this gorilla.
Okay well uh we're gonna disable the segment request for the day.
Cause uh apparently K-Shash to go on vacay.
He needs to shut down the whole network every time he's gotta do a thing.
Thomas- well Bahamas is his middle name, Huey Keeler.
Everybody has such convenient middle names on this stream.
I've noticed that.
His name is Thomas Bahamas Pickles.
Thomas Bahamas Pickles.
Why are you saying it like it's a crazy name?
This is a friend of mine.
If K-Shash leaves late then crumb is dead apparently.
Yeah that's Kendall's promise.
I've already agreed to be punched by the gorilla.
I didn't agree to be punched by Kendall.
No she's doing it as an act of revolutionary violence.
Which I thought your side was all about.
Uh I thought your side was all about state violence.
As is the democra- as- well look that's all the time we have.
That is in fact all the time we have.
Let's get out of here for the day.
By that I mean send it to a different segment featuring a guy that also looks like Kace.
It's a time to punish your ears with what passes for music around here.
And by that I mean let's see if this fucking guy that K-Shay knows how to make a beat yet.
This DJ C4.
Oh shit my hat.
I need my production hat one second.
Guys I'll be right back.
It's a fact that you actually aren't a producer if you're not wearing a hat so one second.
There we go.
Now we're feeling much better.
Now we're ready to cook.
Now we're ready to cook some beats guys.
Yes.
I'm a different guy wearing headphones actually so.
Crumb should get his own segment.
That's an interesting take I've actually never heard.
I've never heard anyone ask for that.
Like ever.
I know who cry- that's one of the few people I know who he is and I've just never heard anybody want that.
Which is really interesting.
But there is an associated mind here.
A good friend.
Sort of the ghostest with the mostest if you know if you know what I mean.
I don't actually know what I mean by that but I have a ghost writer and he's here too.
Oh that's right.
It's a pleasure to see everyone.
I'm of course the ghost writer for today's track.
Corgi Butts.
Very excited to get to work on this.
Do you know what artists will be pulling this one off for us?
DJ C4.
We haven't secured an artist just yet.
If anybody has an artist in mind then.
Yeah if anybody has an artist in mind let us know.
Because we're still kind of trying to hope to match the artist to the track in this case.
So kind of whatever you cook up lyrically we'll see how it fits.
Crash Bandicoot.
Do you think you can get Crash?
Maybe I could get Crash on short notice.
Like what's he working on right now?
He kind of had that like horror core.
Horror core like Scafface.
Oh I forgot he's in like a horror core Scafface.
Is he still in that?
No now mostly I think he's just rapping.
Which is the easiest thing to write fortunately.
Oh that's the easiest thing to write?
Yeah that's the easiest thing to write actually.
It's easy.
I feel like that's kind of disrespecting an entire genre.
Oh I'm just being as a ghost writer.
The ghost of Andre Brower.
Can we get him?
I don't know if we can get him.
I think he's doing stuff with Dua Lipa right now.
Oh and then we can't get him.
Thomas Pickles.
Thomas Bahamas Pickles.
Is he available?
I mean I don't know.
He's the other one that has to make the call.
My hands go through all the phones.
Oh yeah you can't pick up a phone.
I can't pick up anything.
That's out of the power of my mind.
Except some hot lyrical tips.
We don't have a ton of time so
I guess let's find a Corgi beat.
Yeah well probably like a fresh dog type beat for this.
The beatboxing nuns can we get them?
We might be able to do a collab between Bandicoot and the beatboxing nuns.
That'd be strong like a strong collab.
Stu Pickles but only while sleepwalking?
I would only work with him if he's sleepwalking
because he's a nightmare to work with when he's fully awake.
Stu Pickles is a fucking freak.
Stu Pickles is a monster.
Okay what kind of beat are we working with today?
What sort of beat?
Let me see what kind of stuff I have in the can
because we don't have a lot of time so.
We want like a dog type beat.
There's a lot of dog.
There's a lot of beats with that dog in them.
So let's see what we got.
Dog bark?
This is in the catalog?
This is in my catalog?
It might be a little aggressive for Crash.
He's kind of a little more mellow.
He's mellowed out since his horror course god days.
It's Anibal.
I work with Anibalic beats.
Oh everything's still two times speed.
A little more chill.
It's not very dog-like though.
What was this one like?
That's not really better at normal speed.
Dog's barking type beat.
Okay this could be a winner.
This courtesy of Lucas Segrin.
Don't worry.
This is a learning practice here.
So every beat that we make is actually going to charity.
Lucas, so don't worry.
We're not going to profit off this in any way.
It's just a dog bark type beat.
You know what I mean?
Look at this dog.
He's fucking mean mugging.
That's some real Crash energy.
That's some bandicoot energy right there.
So I think he'd be down.
The dog is kind of hanging dong.
You think you could ride over this man?
You think you got what it takes to ride over this?
Corgi type beat.
Corgi on the beat.
That kind of thing?
Well the song request was specifically,
so you know, Corgi Buttons.
Tell you something.
Okay, that sounds good.
Let's get to the,
and yeah, we'll also, of course, yell chorus over it.
Otherwise, how are people going to know?
All right, let me pull up my lyrics here.
So the trick to writing lyrics is you need a bunch of words.
Just so you guys can't let you know my artistic process here.
In general, the secret to really strong lyrics is you need to,
like this is what we worked on last time.
We didn't even use all our words.
We still had stuff like Troubles and Belfast
that we didn't even really get to.
But this is Corgi Butt.
So obviously we got to kind of lean on the word Corgi,
so we will 100% say Corgi.
So we'll just say Corgi.
So we'll say Corgi on the word Corgi.
So we will 100% be leaning heavily on the word Corgi
in my professional songwriting experience.
It's important to lean on the title of the song a lot.
Expression and release, okay.
Which really feels like it kind of fits in the gland category,
which is something we'll want to mention.
Bone zone for sure.
That's some classic dog stuff, and that's really hot right now.
That's very zeitgeisty bone zone.
Shatter is a thing that dogs can eat,
so we could work with that kind of like,
you know, it's saying something you can't do,
but making a kind of bad ass, bitch ass munch cut is
not super Corgi related,
but is fun to say Wiggles,
Horgi,
that's strong tiny legs for sure.
We'll throw in like Begging,
Treats, Kibble, the classics.
Pissing in the streets, great.
Leg humping, Corgi con, yeah.
Plot sniff, that's fantastic.
Common bitch.
It's rap, so we can kind of, we can get away with stuff like that.
Tongue out, blow out them beans.
Get that nut.
Queen Elizabeth II, I think that's pretty elevated,
and then the battle really pushes over the edge.
Fluffy boy for sure.
Lipstick, I guess we could also throw just red rocket on that.
Fuzzy cheeks, okay great, this is a lot to work with.
Belly rubs, classic.
Okay, nice.
Newtard, yeah, I'll throw that on there too.
I think we're pretty stacked up now.
We're just gonna kind of like let this shit roll while we write.
Just kind of let that beat wash over us.
Let me pull this aside here actually.
Turn it down just a little bit while we write.
Fire hydrant, add that to the end here.
Fantastic guys, now we're ghost writing for real.
It's kind of just a fun way to start.
Expression, release, gland.
Wash the throne, Corgi Elizabeth, bone zone.
We're gonna move these to the end, okay.
Ass got the wiggles, poppin' with the pee.
It's tiny legs spreading, all my Horgies, is that too explicit?
That's pretty gross, it's pretty fucking gross.
I'll just leave it.
Got my shooters fetching, all the bitches begging.
Let's see, treats in the streets, kibble on the bees.
Yeah, this is good stuff.
This is good, this is why you want all these words,
because honestly, lyrics, if you think about them, they're just words.
Leg humping millionaire, call me Don John.
Call me Corgi John.
All my food, come free, Corgi Long Con.
Butt sniff, common bitch, tongue out, blowing beans,
knowing I'm the shit, there you go.
That's all it takes.
Oh, there's more words coming in, sorry, let me get these in here.
Frisbee and tennis ball, for sure.
But we're almost out of track, let me restart this, I guess in the zone.
We already used Queen Elizabeth II.
Get that nut, always pregnant, always getting pregnant.
Royalty Elizabeth II, fluffy boy.
I don't stop it, panting out, now I'm poppin' red rockets.
Okay, fuzzy cheeks, belly rubs, leave my haters neutered.
Fire, hide or frizz, be I'm a stray shooter.
Sometimes you just don't want to like, have the,
you don't want it to really be a sentence,
you just want it to be words that kind of sound like the thing you're talking about.
The only problem is, is this enough lyrics?
And also we gotta figure out where the,
we gotta figure out where the chorus is.
Woo!
Expression, release, GLAZE.
Washt throne, washt throne.
Queen Elizabeth II in the bone zone.
Ass got the wiggles, now we poppin' with the P.
Tiny legs spreadin' on all my horrigues.
Got the shooters fetchin', got all the bitches beggin'.
Pissin' in the streets while the kibbles on the bee's leg.
One p' million call on me a corgi, John.
All the food coming free, that's the corgi long gone.
Okay.
I guess that's roughly where the chorus would be.
Which is, corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Nose in, give that shit a snuff.
And we're gonna say a snuff,
cause it rhymes sorta with corgi butt.
I'll just say repeat, we'll leave that up to Crash to see how they,
if we can get Crash.
We'll see how many times he wants to say corgi butt.
Okay.
Butt sniffin', butt I ain't no common bitch.
Tongue out, blowout beans, I know I'm the shit.
Get that nun, gettin' pregnant, that's a new little royalty.
That doesn't work, it doesn't quite work.
Got it with just that.
Tongue out, blowout beans, I know I'm the shit.
Oh wait, that's not how it goes.
Butt sniffin', we need more words here actually.
So we'll just throw in cheddar biscuit.
Butt sniffin', cheddar biscuit, ain't no common bitch.
Tongue out, blowout beans, I know I'm the shit.
Get that nun, you know I always get him pregnant.
New little royalty, Elizabeth the second.
Fluffy boy, no I don't.
Patin' out, now I'm poppin' red, rock it.
What the hell is that goin' for here?
Fluffy boy, I don't?
Or Scott would've been another.
I don't stop it maybe?
That's easy to rhyme with rocket.
Say bad dog, I don't stop it.
Dazzling soul, thank you so much for contributing to the
getting case into the positive followers.
Ultimate sub goal.
I kinda don't care about that, I'm just a ghost writer.
But I know Kase appreciates it.
Alright.
Fuzzy cheeks, belly, rubs, leaves my haters neuters.
Oh shit, we lost it.
Fuzzy cheeks, belly, rubs, leaves my haters neuters.
Fire a hide and frisbee, tennis ball, I am a shooter.
I need any more words there.
Should I throw in cheddar biscuit again?
Let's see if it fits.
Fuzzy cheeks, belly, rubs, leaves my haters neuters.
Fire a hide and frisbee, cheddar, biscuit, tennis shooter.
Yeah, we'll just say that shit.
I think we should just try to put in cheddar biscuit
whenever we run out of things to say.
Corgi butt, corgi butt, corgi butt, corgi butt, corgi butt,
corgi butt, corgi butt, stick your nose in my ass,
give it a snuff.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That all works.
Let's see if that gets us there.
That might be enough lyrics.
Cheddar biscuit is the new chorus?
Well, you still have to say chorus or people won't know.
Ooh, Supersoker, C-S-P-S 2000.
Let's add that in there.
But we'll save that if we need more lyrics, which we honestly might.
Supersoker, C-P-S 2000.
Also, we only have like 20 minutes to record this track,
so I gotta hurry up.
Let's see how much of this song we're feeling.
Nowadays songs only need to be, I think, about 90 seconds long,
so that'll help us out here.
Whoa!
They'll say shit here.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
That's kind of saying whatever.
Expression, release, glang.
Watch the throne, watch the throne.
Queen Elizabeth II in the bone zone.
Ass got the wiggles, now we poppin' with the beat.
Tiny legs spreadin' on, on my horgies.
Got shooters fetchin'.
Got all the bitches beggin'.
Pissin' streets in the streets, kibble on the beats.
Leg hump a million, call me that corgi longjohn.
All food coming free, that's the corgi con.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
What?
Corgi butt.
What?
Corgi butt.
What?
Put your nose in that shit, give it a good snuff.
Butt sniffin' cheddar biscuit, ain't no common bitch tongue.
I don't blowin' beans because I know I'm the shit.
Get that nut?
Get em' pregnant.
New little royalty, Elizabeth II.
Fluffy boy, say bad dog, I don't even stop.
Patin' out, now I'm poppin' red rocket off the top.
Fuzzy cheeks, belly rubs, leave my haters feelin' neutered.
Fire, frisbee, cheddar biscuit, I'm a tennis shooter.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Make the chorus long.
Corgi butt.
Put your nose in that shit, and give it a good snuff.
So we only really got like half the song covered.
Is that probably good enough?
Like half?
Yeah, like half the song?
That's like more than enough.
Oh, okay.
90 seconds?
That's like kind of long.
People kind of like their songs to be about the length of the tic-tac.
Oh, so long as we got that.
Yeah, we got that.
Okay.
You absolutely have to sing this to Kendall in public.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see who we can get.
I'm not even sure if Crash is available.
I'm hoping Crash is available.
Obviously, we'd love to have Crash available for this.
But I'm just not entirely sure that he is.
Unfortunately.
Oh, remember to be packed or Kendall will hurt someone.
Yeah, that's a really good point.
We don't have a ton of time on this.
We're under the fucking gun here, the Kendall gun.
What's this guy's deal?
So I'm just seeing, I'm running through all the artists that are available.
And just praying.
Oh, this guy's good.
We have Neon Corgi Don.
You ever work with Neon Corgi Don?
Oh, Neo Core.
Yeah, he goes by Neo Core now.
He used to go by Neo Corgi Don.
Yeah, I've never worked with Neo Core.
He's pretty good.
Collar Bluff, take your time.
I think you guys just want to see your kill Crumb, which I...
Yeah, he's not well-liked in my experience.
Well, people love Crumb.
They do.
Or do I have that totally opposite?
I'm not sure.
I'm mostly in the music game.
Me too, and I'm also dead.
Yeah, that's a good point.
You are all fully dead.
Let me pop open Audacity here.
We're going to work with Neo Core on this one.
I think he actually goes by Neo Core G.
Oh yeah, Neo Core G.
It's a weird name for a rapping dog, but that's what he is.
Hey, that's not right.
Where did I even record that last song?
Oh, my last beats available in here too.
I should probably set the...
Maybe this time I should not make it so loud.
Although this guy is Corten.
Does Neo Core shout every single lyric?
No, he's a dog.
He's a little more chill.
Okay.
So you can...
Hopefully it won't be completely blown out this time.
Well, we can always make it completely blown out.
That is kind of my signature style.
We'll definitely...
Hopefully we'll have time for a chorus pass here,
because that's an important part.
All right, let me just make sure our track is freakin' set up
and ready to blow my ass off.
Okay, this is a dog beat.
This is a dog type beat.
Here we go.
Load it in.
Let me turn it down a little bit so the dog doesn't rap quite as loud over it.
Also, let me just check if I give this guy effects.
Check, check, check if they're recorded in.
Check, check, check.
Check, check, check.
This is an effects check.
Check, check, check.
Check, check.
Oh, wait.
That one has a bunch of effects on it though.
Okay, this one doesn't.
Check, check.
This is an effects check.
Check, check, check.
Yeah, we're good.
Okay.
We're freakin' good to go.
Is Neocore here yet?
What do I look like?
You're secretary dude?
I'm fuckin' dead.
I don't know.
Oh, he is here though.
He actually is here, so we're good to go.
Okay.
Neocore G, dude.
Man, dude.
Long time fuckin' fan.
Big time, long time fan.
Hey, thanks man.
Neocore G, I'll bring my lights with me.
Hey, my mic's a little off.
Yeah, I'm lower.
I'm a little lower than that.
I'm more like here.
Yeah, that's it.
There we go.
That sounds about right.
I'm a corgi man.
Yeah, that's Neocore G.
I'm a corgi man.
And I'm ready to do this man.
Dysouth Neocore style.
Dysouth Neocore style.
That's your brand, right?
That's my brand.
Dysouth Neocore style.
Yep, yep.
All right.
Do you have your lyrics?
Cause we didn't want to waste your time and make you write any lyrics.
So we do have some for you.
Man, that's great cause I don't write Super Will on account of my pause.
Pause.
Pause.
Okay, let's fuckin' try this.
I don't need to see him in advance.
Yep, yep.
Let me just give this a shot.
Give this a whirl.
I got to get out of here in like five minutes.
So just fuckin' roll this shit.
Let's see what we got.
Yep, yep, yep.
Yep, yep, yep.
Pressure, release, Glam.
Goddamn, goddamn.
Watch the throne, watch the throne.
Queen Elizabeth II in the bone zone.
As God the Wiggles poppin' with the P.
Tiny legs spreadin' on all my horgies.
Got the shooters fetchin' on the bitch's begging.
Pissin' streets, send the treats with the streets.
Kibble on the beats, Kibble on the beats.
Leg-humpy millionaire.
What?
I think a chorus should have been there.
Let me try that again.
Let me try that again.
Can we stop?
Can we stop?
Can we stop?
That was really strong, man.
That was really good.
That was very strong.
Extremely strong stuff.
I don't think you needed to stop at all.
I just felt like I-
I felt like I needed to stop.
You did not need to stop at all.
I think I repeated some of it too much.
You did not need-
We don't have much time, so.
You did not need to stop at all.
If anything, if this song is like,
it's aggressive but it's sexy.
That's a really good point.
This song is like pretty aggressive
but it's also very sexy.
So really bring that sexual aggression to this.
Is that- that sounds kinda bad.
No, it's like sexy.
That's what people like.
Alright.
Okay, let me- let me load you back up.
Very good stuff.
Extremely good.
Okay, let's give this a shot.
Alright, I'm ready to go.
Oh, Kendall's back.
Woo!
Woo!
Yeah, yeah.
What do you do?
Expression, release,
Glam.
Goddamn.
Goddamn.
You're starting troubles.
No, I'm not no fuck.
Oh wait, that's- that's somebody else's lyrics, man.
That's somebody else's- that's somebody else's-
Can we stop?
Can we stop?
That's somebody else's, man.
Hey, we're gonna- we're- we're- we're kinda running out of time,
so you just gotta roll with it.
If you read the totally wrong lyrics, I say just roll with it.
Yeah, I'd say just roll with it.
Oh, okay, cause I was reading straight up the wrong lyrics.
Let me just try that one more- this time I just won't stop.
Cause I never would dream of stopping.
We never stop stopping, actually.
Woo!
What do you do?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Corp coming through.
Expression, release,
Glam.
Goddamn.
Goddamn.
Wash the throne.
Wash the throne.
Queen Elizabeth II in the bone zone.
Ass got the wiggles, now we poppin' with the pee.
Tiny legs spreadin' on all my horrigues.
Shooters fetchin' bitch beggin'.
Pissin' in the streets with the kibble on the beast.
I'm the lay- humpin' millionaire.
Call me Corgi John.
Got the food coming free.
That's the Corgi Long John.
Callin' ya butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Put your nose in the middle and give it a snuff.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Butt sniff or cheddar biscuit ain't no common bitch.
Tongue out blowin' beans on a wine to shit.
Get that nut.
Get him pregnant.
New litter royalty Elizabeth II.
Fluffy boy say bad dog but I don't stop.
Patin' out and now I'm poppin' red rockin' tops.
Fuzzy cheeks, belly rubs, leave my haters neutered.
Fire-hiding frisbee cheddar biscuit tennis shooter.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Put your nose in the middle and give it a snuff.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Super Salker CBS 2.
I thought maybe I'd have lived there but that's not one of my strengths.
I do prefer lyrics.
Oh you're not like a big freestyler?
Nah not. Personally no. I prefer the power of written words.
Yeah that was, yeah that's fine man. That's what we do here man.
That's all you, whatever your process is.
Whatever your process is man that's beautiful.
And I really appreciate you being honest with us.
Do we have time to do one more?
We're supposed to be out of here in very soon.
Like you did not reserve a lot of time.
Well I mean you guys asked me to be here.
I didn't reserve any time.
Let's do one more and then we're just going to straight up run it back for you to do like
just kind of an ad lib pass.
And then we just got to get the fuck out of here because there's no goddamn time at all.
There's like no goddamn time at all today because of how limited our studio time is.
Yes.
Okay.
Super Soaker CPS 2000 reference. I'll try to work that in.
I'll try to absolutely work that in. Let me just try this one more time.
I'm feeling this beat now. I'm like understanding this beat now is the thing.
I'm like really working into this beat.
I'm popping with the P tiny legs.
Spread nine on my horgies got the shooters fetch.
I got all the bitch's beggin pissing in the streets with the cable on the base.
I'm that leg humping millionaire.
Call me Corgi John.
All food come free.
Corgi long time.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Put your nose in the middle and give it a snuff.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Yeah.
Butt sniff chatter biscuit ain't no common bitch.
Tong out blowing beans.
I know I'm the shit.
Get that nut.
Get them pregnant.
No little royalty Elizabeth the second.
I'm that fluffy boy bad dog.
I don't even stop patting out red rocket popping.
On the top fuzzy cheeks belly rubs leave my haters neutered.
Fire hot and frizzy biscuit.
I'm a tennis shooter.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
Super soaker CBS 2000 that's what's up.
Corgi butt.
Corgi butt.
That's it.
That's it man.
That's all I needed.
That's all I needed.
I did my ass a couple of passes to like really feel comfortable
and now I a 1000% know that I nailed it.
And that's what you gotta work for is you got to work so you
know that you nailed it.
And I know that I nailed it.
I'm good to go.
We do just need you to do a really quick ad lib pass.
Just kinda go your.
Lose your fucking mind on this one.
Yup yeah.
Can you do that for us?
Yup yeah.
And you're good to do that?
I didn't write this man.
I don't have any adlers for you,
because I respect your ad lib process.
You said it's not your strength,
but I feel like it could be.
just to piggyback off what our ghost writer said.
You're bringing a ton of positive energy to this
and we really appreciate you working with us, man.
Yep, yep.
Dude, you're a pro.
All right, on the back, I don't have a lot of time though,
so I'm just gonna really try to lay into these ad-libs.
Okay, keep the, oh wait, can we actually,
can we play that last take while I do these ad-libs?
Is that a possibility?
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
everybody hold your horses.
Everybody hold a horse.
Save a horse.
Ride my asshole.
Okay, here we go.
Just loading everything up, just loading it up.
I'm just getting in my zone.
And I'm definitely in my zone.
All right, here we go.
Is this loud enough?
God damn, wash the throne.
All right, that's fine.
I don't care, just run it.
I don't even fucking care.
Cause I never would dream of stopping.
We never stop stopping actually.
Woo!
What it do?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
we're coming through.
Expression, release, gland.
God damn, God damn, wash the throne.
Yep, wash the throne.
Yep, yep, we ain't Elizabeth the second in the bone zone.
Yeah, ass got the wiggles, now we poppin' with pee.
Tiny legs spreadin' on my horgies.
Wait a minute, did this get messed with?
Did you mess with the time on this?
Did you mess with this?
This is so off of me.
Yeah.
Wash the throne.
Wash the throne.
Sounds like it slowed down or something.
Wash the throne.
Queen Elizabeth the second in the bone zone.
Ass got the wiggles, now we poppin' with pee.
Tiny legs spreadin' on my horgies.
Okay, wait, I'm back, I'm back now.
I got the ad libs now.
Sorry, it was not kind of off to me.
That's fine, just pop in wherever you can.
Ass got the wiggles, now we poppin' with pee.
Pop out.
Tiny legs spreadin' on my horgies.
Shooters fetchin' bitch's beggin'.
Pissin' in the streets with the kibble on the beast.
I'm a lay hump and millionaire, call me Corky John.
Food comin' free, that's the Corky Long John.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Corky butt.
Put your nose in the middle and give it a snuff.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Sniff, sniff.
Butt sniff or chatter biscuit, ain't no common bitch.
Shatter.
Tongue out blowin' beans, I know I'm the shit.
Super fucker.
Get him pregnant.
Yeah, yeah.
No litter royalty, Elizabeth the second.
Fluffy boy, say bad dog, but I don't stop.
No.
Patin' out, now I'm poppin' red rockin' tops.
Fuzzy cheeks, belly rubs, leave my haters neuter.
Fire-hottin' frisbee, chatter biscuit, tennis shooter.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Put your nose in the middle and give it a snuff.
Corky butt, Corky butt.
Corky butt, chorus.
Super soccer CBS, two touches, I got it.
We got it, boys.
We frickin' did it, guys.
That's another banger.
That's another banger just fuckin' loaded in the chamber
and already ready to go.
It's like a maculate conception, dude.
I feel like we're giving birth to gods here.
You know what I mean?
Not to be too hyperbolic about it,
but I feel like we are doing religious work
that is gonna change the world forever.
And I'm a ghost.
You'd know, man, he's a ghost.
Is he dead?
Is he fully dead?
He's frickin' dead.
I mean, I'm frickin' dead.
Okay, well, thanks fellas.
I hope I was easy to work with.
Dude, we worked with frickin' this Irish guy
who was impossible, impossible, impossible to work with.
You're an adorable dog and it was so much better.
Oh my gosh, you guys worked with that roaring guy?
Impossible, monster to work with.
Absolute monster, total monster, I've heard that.
But you're an adorable dog and it was much better.
That's all the time we have.
We gotta get out of here.
Let's play this track back
while we look for someone to raid.
Cause you're not gonna have time to mix this today.
Oh, I don't plan on mixing it.
Oh, it's done.
Oh, that's my process.
Get into this beat.
Well, anyway, let's play this while we go out of here.
Yep, yep, low bit up.
Give him a slip, yep, yep.
God damn.
Novel is on.
Release, Glam, watch the throne.
Watch the throne.
Yep, yep.
Weenal is a bit the second in the bone zone.
Yeah, ass got the wiggles.
Now I'm popping with the P.
Tiny legs spreadin' on on my horse.
Okay, let's get out of here, guys.
We're raidin' Novelie May.
I got all the bitches beggin',
pissin' in the streets with the kibble on the base.
I'm that leg humpin', millionaire, callin' 40 jobs.
Novel's in here to kill us.
What's that?
What's that?
Corki long-time corgi butt.
Throwin' cheese papers behind that.
We were raiding Novelie though, we're almost outta here.
Corki butt.
All right, guys.
Corki butt.
Have a great weekend.
Put your hands in the middle and give it a snuff.
Corki butt.
We're good to go, don't even worry.
Corki butt.
Yep, yep.
Butt sniff chatter, brisk and no crying bitch.
It's a corgi butt raid.
Corki bitch.
Tong out blowin' beans, I know I'm the shit.
Get that nut.
Get em pregnant.
And no little royalty that is a business.
Corki butt raid, everybody.
Again, have a great weekend.
You have the best possible weekend.
Just know I'll be trapped eternally in this writer's room.
My choice.
Fuckin' cheese, billy rubs, leave my hands neutered.
We'll see y'all rockin'.
Fire a hot and frizzy biscuit, I'm a tennis shooter.
Corki butt.
Corki butt.
Corki butt.
Corki butt.
Corki butt.
Corki butt?
Corki butt.
Corki butt.
Super soaker CBS 2000.
That's what's up.
Everybody say hi to Ovali.
I'm a fan.
I'm a dog wrecking fan.
We'll see y'all soon.
Have a great weekend.
Yep, yep, yep.
Yep, yep.
That's it, man.