Oh my gosh. Hello everybody. The most mediocre news show on earth
We're doing it card King love the hate skimer Matt Liddell lady side tricks arc angel Ivan sleazy
Does Pepito do the countdown alive every time?
He's such a pro. It's hard for me to say
Greg to you MSG and to daddy Sabrichi loco puppet s1000. Good to see everybody Pepito
Do you do the um you do the intro live?
Every single time I do it live with the exact same voice
Count right cuz I'm a dog, but just know it's the egg. I've managed to do the exact same cadence and voice live
Great, that's fine. Yes blowing minds around the world
Thanks, Pepito
Everybody's good to see you. I'm a dog. Oh he had for us
Finally talk about penises on this new show. I have a non penis news story and a penis news story. I could I could do either I
Could do either
Of course he counts he's a dog. Yeah dogs always count
Well, maybe we'll do a non penis story just cuz I've done so many dick stories
That I probably should should just lead with a non dick one
Unfortunately, though about once a month. I have to I'm contracted to use it a guy named scrum
On the show
Well, there's a hype train going scrum. Can you stand by for just a second? There is a hype train going. It's raining coins
Yes, you figured it out
Uh
That is in the back. Do you mind? That's a good point chat is in the back
Having trouble locating the hype train today, that's weird
Somehow I still haven't put the hype train on a hotkey. I should really do that one of these days
Hype hype up hype up hype scroll hype. Oh my god. This is so I have so many of these things
There he is, okay
I've trained sorry about the delay there. I wasn't
Sure if you were available today. I'm not
It certainly looks like you're here. I'm not here
But I am fucking I oh you're still hyped. Okay. I'm back chat. Give me a fucking better song if there's hype going down
Give me some of that train R&B
Train R&B
You're only at level one. I don't really know if you're so hyped that you need to be hitting the chat from the back. I
Don't hit the chat from the back the chat's in the back
Train R&B
Instrumental ten hours of R&B
instrumentals
You want these J. Do you want these hype train? I'll know if you like it. This is it. Give me something better
R&B sexy
instrumental oh
My god
The the the hype is pouring in for you hype train. I got to find you a track quickly
Honestly, none of these I don't know if any of these are gonna are gonna do it
Yeah
Well, yeah, I picked that up I picked up what you're throwing out hype train. I understand that Shad is
Definitely in the back
Front I checked the sign
Now I can I check the left. I checked the right
Check every spot, but there wasn't nothing tight enough
To give me the stuff
What's that I
Turned around
Would you believe this?
I
Believe you
Okay chat. Well, you know where you are. There's some subs coming in though high train. Could you maybe could you maybe thank them?
Yeah
And chat was coming in the back
Chat was in the back
Look over to the back
Because they're coming in the back
Hmm
Well, I got a dilemma is that I appreciate every hundred bit my fellow
So preachy dropping five that's fine, but check this
Uncle Phil 2k dropping easy hundred bears
Melodial with the one because he hates case
Oh, I don't know if he hates case. He hates case. I'm chaining everyone
Me that is that is me
Scammer with the hundred coming from the
Top and the tension came up fine because the home doesn't stop on the home train
And I know that you can't handle that. Why why can't you handle it, baby? Because the train is in the back
Changes in the back
Chat chat chat chat chat chat is in the back
Not in my sack
No
Chat is in the back
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you you pretty much nailed that tamtran. Thanks so much for the five community subs camera for the hundred bits
A card thing. I think it was card kink
I'm sorry for the hate. I didn't even mean to bring but I got a fucking
Send that shit's for card kink. I don't slide it in the front. I ain't cheating out the hat
I'm cheating out the back
Sorry your song changed, uh serious. Thanks you so much for the hundred bits. Yeah, why so serious?
Serious, serious
I
Love you in the background. I also keep chat. I brought the girl
Over and she said what's that? I said, don't stress girl. I'll tell you what it's at
I showed her chat and she said that chats in the back. I said, yeah
on the joy
Maybe together we can make the black
I
Make your moist. I showed her chat in the back and she said I love the choice. She got
Yeah
The ass was fine
Who's the kid? I'm the kid
And I'm a train
And chat is in the back with hundred bits from uncle philton kink
Shaq and
Shaq in the back. What's that? Shaq was also in the back. Shaq was in the back? Yeah
What
Uh king of bacon 76. Thank you so much for the sub
Uh, and uncle philton k for the hundred bits. I already thank them
Thank king of bacon. He comes in to my house, but not the way you think
In the back. Well, I'll tell you what it's not the same. He came in the back from the chat
I showed her the chat in the back. How do you come from the chat in the back and you showed in the back because the back
The chat was in the back dropping an e-mode into my sack
But you believe it, but here comes Shaq
Fucking Shaq's in the chat. Shaq's in the checking in the back and he dropped a five
Pointer five pointer. It's a new score that he made. Damn
Because he went all the way to the back and he shot the shotgun you handled that and it sank right in god damn
Shaq was in the back
But first was the chat
Can follow by chat
To be clear chat
Is the most in the back
Okay
Shaq it in the fucking bag. That's the Shaq attack Shaq threw on your ass black black black black
You mean, uh, I'm not gonna go that's that's a little weird what you just said hype train, but I'll let it slide. Yeah, let it slide
All right
train level three
Well hype train, um
You're doing it again. You're I don't know how you keep the hype going hype train
I don't claim to get it, but well, that's because I'll tell you what's not in the back
In cases in the back cases bang
you case
Hype train. I don't even blurp any why are you beeping yourself?
stupid little
case
the piece of this case
He's actually saying nice things and he's beeping the nice things
You're so stupid little
I wish that you yeah, thank you about stop beeping the nice things you're saying
Can you just beep the meat? You say mean things sometimes just beep those
up
Oh
God bandage, baby. I can hear you
I see you're broken the heart
Yeah, you really
Baby, I got that choo choo restore feeling
And where's that choo choo coming from girl?
I wish that that choo choo was coming from the butt because that I am so
That I can't handle it, but it's not coming from there girl. It's coming from the bank
Bang bang bang bang bang
You found the money
Chats still in the bank
With the girl
And I brought over
Where are you bringing these girls to to that little house over there?
This way
So in the figure of this house, you're bigger than that house. Yeah, it's so big that I can't fit it in
I ain't talking about my genitals. I'm talking about my
whole body
Get in the house
Because it's so big
But it's so big that I couldn't come in to the house and the girl was like, damn
That's a big train body
Yeah
I'm trying coming in with fights up from the bank
Fights up
Yeah
He's coming from the bay
Bay
Those five sub is
The girl here on the back
This beautiful live train. Thank you so much. Oh my god shadowflame has 200 bits those bits over here
And see those you can see him
Oh
And let me tell you
I'll see you high sub. There's no dilemma
But I got oh one and I've got oh ones and that's not binary. That's me getting hot and bothered son
Oh
Yep, yeah, thank you for the oh my god
I don't know why the hype train got so horny it used to just be dumb. I was always horny
Yeah, I guess you're still both. I'm the same as ever. Yeah
He's greasing the tracks. They're so lubed up. I can't even get on him. It's not safe
That wheels slide off
I put on weight too much track songs
Slap tracks so slathered you know that it gets better and I can make it better when I hit it back better
What hit the back better back with chat with the batter stir it up
While I hit it from the back. That's some buttered up chat and I give it a slap
But it's a nice slap makes a nice noise. Whap whap
Whap it on the chat from the back crash crash
But you don't have hands. Yeah, I'll still make it slap
Slap from the train with the
That's a whack chat slap. Nah, that's some chat slaps
Butter up that
Seven fucking 50 a chest is still with me
Microphone 900. Yeah, give me give me give me rocking rain. Oh man
The rain is coins. I grabbed those coins and I put them on my boys
My boys my boys
I gave her coins to all my boys
What the boys are at the house
No doubt I called up my boys. I said come over now. They said what you doing? I said, I'll tell you what's up
I'm talking chat back slap and shacks in the cut
The boys came over to me shack in the back with the chat and shacks said slap high five
I'm alive. I'm shack draining five points from the back
They said I saw that then we all fucked shack. What all of us were fucking shack
Getting hot grabbed his bald fucking head and I gave him rock rock
Yeah past the rock, but I'm talking bullshit
And I loved it, baby. So I gave it that
and
I gave him that and then I my fucking into his and grabbed a sock
The sock was wet
Was still better yet shacked grabbed the fucking
So when he put it on my I put the
Oh in my and everybody
Took it and everybody looking cuz shacks fucking and every fucking person that you see is
Fucking and all the people
With my and everyone it was very good. Had a good time
That time he wasn't beeping nice things
nah
That time he wasn't beeping nice things at all
nah
It felt too nice
Feel so nice that I gotta beep it twice
Oh
Man this trap soul doesn't stop. It literally doesn't stop. It's a 24-hour mix. Oh mix it up for 24 hours
I got I got more chats coming in from the back. They're subs subs and pets
They're chats
Let it out, baby. Let the spare us sing
Shuffle up the depth, but I found a card king
He didn't give a one
But he gave it to you
And kind of came, yeah, you know that he was dropping too
Oh
Hype level father cheese
Colourful widow and say baby don't grieve
Dry those eyes because there simply is no inch. Yeah
Oh, I'm the hot train. I'm that permanent
Yeah, currently working. Yeah, he's working too fucking hard dropping a community sub like his name was also card
Yeah, what?
What?
What yeah, what about yeah, yeah, but what? Yeah, I got an itchy nose
Weird way of itching your nose. Yeah
Jeff's got to make a theme that chet also actually has to make a theme
So this is gonna be a little bit of a music heavy stream
He rhymed. Well, I didn't mean to there, but you did
Making fucking themes
That's how I live
I'm not another fucking theme for you
And tell me if you
A theme rings true. It's that the chat is in the back. It never left the back. In fact, it's always in in the back
Even after Shaq laughed
Shaq left Shaq left the back
But I bet that'll be right back because we worked out that in the back with fucking Shaq
Wrap wrap wrap
It's beautiful, uh, it's beautiful hype train. Yeah
Congrats on hitting level six. Yeah, yeah, that's how I do
Do you have anything else to say for yourself? No, I'm good, man. I'm fucking good. No
Oh, you're done. Yeah, I'm fucking done. I'm just fucking getting I'm not done
I sit all in the back little
Is this the quiet part of the song? Yeah, that's the quiet part
This is the rap skit section of the r&b song the rap skit section of the r&b song. Yeah
Hey, what's my fucking manager? Hey, it's me. It's larry your manager. Oh my god. What is this? It's me. It's larry your manager, you know
All the other rappers called and they hate you
It's not a good rest. Uh, I'm larry your manager. All the other rappers call. They hate you
Hey, I'm not a rapper. I'm an r&b guy. You don't even respect me larry
All right. Yeah, there's gonna be fucking money. I'm larry
Hey, I'm the artist and larry you're being crazy. Oh, fuck. Just fucking sign the deal man larry. I'm gonna fucking I'm throwing you out of window
What?
I'm standing up for artistic truth. I'm throwing you out of window
And that's the rap skit
All right, put it on the cd. It's going on the cd
between track five and six
Rap sketch on the cd larry dead on the ground
But I say good larry because you didn't care about artistic credibility
Change up the genre
What genre do you want? Um type in country r&b
I'm just curious what that sounds like
It's not gonna sound good
Burny baby, baby
What means my car came out of the driveway and found our dog
And the dog hopped in the car and we drove across town to find our girl
But the girl wasn't there. No, this has lured. This has fucking used coffee. It's not instrumental. I'm sorry. It's my bad
God damn it
Sorry, it was already a song. Fuck
Uh, anyway, I think you're out of hype. I think you I think you did it and you're dead
No
Okay, well, that's that's sometimes how we start the stream
Hype train level six currently working. Thank you for the community sub
Card can't thank for this too. Thank you all for dropping those subs
Sincerely appreciated dropping things on the floor over here
All right, that is was indeed a thing that we did
And no one can deny
That it was a thing
That happened on this stream
And this happened before and let's be real will probably happen again. We had a demand for the movies
Let's see go to the movies reverie wolf. We'll take you to the movies. I guess let's do a news story
And then we'll send it over to the movies
just so I get to
Feel like I'm a little news boy
I think what we'll do is today
We'll make chet steam because this was a new one that we already hit courtesy of that hot hot hype train
And tomorrow we'll make jeff steam and we'll save that for the end of the stream
Um, so for now
Oh, shit. I shit. I fuck. I have to I forgot that it's
I forgot that it's scrum who's here today. I'm so
I scrum it's good to be here
Oh, wow, that's actually the
That's the nicest thing that's that he said on the stream
You can you thank greg to you for me for the for the very kind raid. Thank you. That's a smile
Okay, um
well
Can you can you cover the news for me?
Apparently mice can be controlled with your mind. You know, how do you feel about that?
Why me lie?
I wouldn't kick that out of bed. I just don't I don't know. Okay. Well, let's just get into it
Just get into the story
You're really bringing on the mood from all that hype chat chat in the back stuff
Um, I don't I think chat could come from any direction
Neural links first human patient able to control mouse through thinking musk says
That's elan musk to be clear. We know we know
Before this is courtesy of Reuters
Reuters, I think Reuters
The first human patient implanted with a brain chip from Neuralink appears to have fully recovered and is able to control a computer mouse
Using their thoughts the startups founder elan musk said late on monday
Progress is good and the patient seems to have made a full recovery with no ill effects that we are aware of
Patient is able to move a mouse around the screen just by thinking musk said in a spaces event on social media platform
Yes, that's crazy
Any thoughts? Oh
Okay
Um
What said Neuralink was now trying to get as many mouse button clicks as possible from the patient
Neuralink did not immediately reply to Reuters request for further details
There are no further details at this time
Okay
Maybe check in with chat
Bard king says jesus they just implanted it and they're they're tracking engagement
And local filter case says this is what happens when evil millionaires get bored
But on what basis he could be fully entertained. No, he's just putting these controlling mouses with minds
Supposedly with no proof
Proof is
that
What do you mean no proof? I don't know that
Just well me I guess did you even finish the story?
Hmm the firm successfully implanted a chip on its first human patient last month
After receiving approval for human trial recruitment in september
The study uses a robot to surgically place a brain computer interface implant on a region of the brain that controls the intention to move
Neuralink said adding that the initial goal is to enable people to control a computer cursor and keyboard using their thoughts
You can take a breath
I I did I took a breath in the middle of that. I do circular breathing. I'm breathing right now
It's a hollow big hollow cavity in here circulating air
That way you sound like that
No
Musk has grand ambitions for Neuralink saying it will facilitate speedy surgical insertions of its ship devices to treat conditions like obesity
Autism depression and schizophrenia Neuralink which was valued at five billion last year has faced
Repeated calls for scrutiny regarding its safety protocols
Routers reported last month that the firm was fined for violating u.s. Department of Transportation rules regarding the movement of
hazardous materials, but I say
It's good enough for a mouse. It's good enough for me
If it's good enough for a mouse, it's good enough for you
Well, the majority of products are tested on mice
So by the time it's good enough for a mouse
It's good enough for us
Well, first of all, this is a robotic mouse
Though I think Elon Musk has also experimented with putting chips in mice, which is one of the horrific things
to consider
About his activities is putting chips in animals
I put chips in me
You know what I mean, I do know what you mean
I want to become a cyborg and I've been eating microchips
a little bit at a time for years
And I'm fine
So far no anomalies and no robotic powers
But the hope is someday. I don't know if you are fine. I'm good. I'm good
um
That's the story
well, uh
Would you want to be able to control a mouse with your mind? Absolutely
No more carpal tunnel for me from my rigorous use of mice
How rigorously are you using your mouse?
You gotta drag it from one end of the screen
To the other end of the screen
How many times
Just let me think about it
and don't make me
Wic my digits about
Wic your digits about
I whip my hand back and forth
I whip my hand back and forth
You actually just try to quote a
Of the will smith girl's song
Oh, I just said a statement twice
Sorry when the thing went over your face and then your face was still under it was sort of a jump scare for me
What nothing
There's been a request for coverage there has
um
And you did cover the story honestly a lot more quickly than most of my
correspondence
But it was you do scare me a little bit
I can't control how you feel. Okay. Thanks for being here scrum. I'll see you again in another month
That you will
Bye
Gets out of here real fast though
Give him that
Okay request for coverage. Uh use the internet thread
All right, we'll try to go in order though. So we'll go to the movies
We'll watch some trailers that will use the internet
Finally, I'll be using it right
It's been a long road for me
Scrum does really scram. He got out of here in like
four seconds
Sort of he honestly he goes on the ground. He just kind of wriggles away like a speedy snake
I'm sure he's human though
We need a crumb family reunion stream the crumb family is
Big although I guess scrum isn't related to him supposedly
I can see the similarity though. I'm not lying. I see the similarity. All right, let's um send it over to Trent
You'll never believe where he is. He's at the movies
Get that must story out of here. We ain't talking about that. We're talking about fucking me and movies
Those are the only topics of conversation
Uh, you win the movies. We could just do the movies young blood
Yeah, but it's all through my personal lens
Which is really where the value is added is sort of my critique of my thoughts my depth of thought
All right. Well, you know value is a loose term. So so fair enough. All right. Well, and guess who's here
It's chris and happy to be here young blood
Uh, excited to see some trailers. I ain't watching any trailers actually unless I'm on this show now because
You know, we just watched so many. I I don't want to burn myself out on trailers
Yeah, we're up to like sometimes up to five a week. Yeah, that's a ton. It's like a lot of trailers
like five a week
Yeah, here's my quota mine too, dude. Damn. I guess we agree on that at least shit
There's one final trailer for for avatar
um
It's about a boy named ava
Falling in a tar pit
No, it's it's avatar young blood. Shit. Well, I've heard of that actually. So I guess that's true. Obviously, it's true
We got to work on your reading comprehension
I'm fine, dude. I I just have fun with words
All right, if you say so
I do say I'm fine. I can read. Let's watch this
Aang, you must master the avatar state
It can be the ultimate weapon
Or it can save your life
Everyone is counting on me
Am I supposed to save the world?
If I don't know what I'm doing
But imagine what'll happen if you don't even try
That's what they said when they made this show
What is it?
I thought you fired me just had some guts
Rejoven!
I don't know what of this will all mean
The one thing I do know is
I'm stressed at the beginning
Um, all right. Well
Full disclosure one of my girls recently had me watch all of avatar
It's one of her favorite shows and the original is pretty good
I think it's one of the best cartoons ever. I think it's great
Yeah, it's pretty good
I mean, I think it's legitimately like one of the better better cartoon products ever
So hopefully this is good too. Well, yeah, hope it hoping is important
And they said it's a feast for the eyes and feasts
Feasts aren't necessarily about like food quality. Isn't a feast more about food quantity?
Yeah, I think that's fair to say as long as there's a lot of food it's a feast so
It's a lot of stuff for your eyes
And I like feasts and I have eyes so I'm
Look, I'm scared to say that it looks bad
Because I said that about one piece
And I almost got my ass kicked by one of my best friends Luffy for fucking talking shit
And honestly deserved because the show pretty good. So maybe this
also will
surprise us by being
Not as bad as
Some might say it looks but not me
Yeah, there's some the the visuals look a little someone mentioned the original dragon ball movie
Dragonball evolution. I think whatever the one was made by americans. That was a huge disaster
It looks a little bit like that
There's also for some reason just one moment in here. Oh my god, it's so loud
There's one moment in here
I'm I might be actually losing my mind
I'm just gonna see if if I can
Am I supposed to save the world?
If I don't know what I'm doing
But imagine what'll happen if you don't even try
I think I already missed it
Yeah, I did
What moment am I even looking for?
It can be the ultimate weapon
Or it can save your life
All right, I can't oh, okay that
Everyone is counting on me. All right. Anyway, I did all of that to say for some reason
That tiny little moment where he says everyone is counting on me for some reason feels like a behind-the-scenes feature it
what
Just when it caught my eye and I was like did they just include a behind-the-scenes interview with the actor
What are you talking about?
I just got to be real. That's what my brain. Where my brain went is counting on me
I think that that's a behind-the-scenes feature it. It's not it's just a clip from the movie
It's just the way it's shot man. It looks it looks like for some reason it looks like a behind-the-scenes feature it
I swear to god. I'm not crazy
This is an interview with the actor where he's talking about liking the role
And he says everyone is counting on me and then they just put it in the movie. I think that's what happened
That's not what happened. Only you thought that
And you're losing your mind
Well like the Joker said sometimes the craziest one all
Look it has crazy fucking tongue game
Fucking going down on people left and right the Joker never said that why so
Shit, I forgot the quote you forgot that quote
I can't remember that quote fuck. It's gonna bother me. All right. Let's um, let's find another trailer
dark web streamer
That's kind of what case does I think
Because I think the dark web is the part of the internet that nobody sees so I think that's what cases are
You're on it too young blood. Yeah, I sort of I do my own thing honestly
I think I think my stream is actually totally different than his that has happened to be on his
Let's uh, check this out. Oh, shit. I'm getting spooked out. This is not good
Hey, stop it. Everybody chill chat relax
Wait a minute chat relax. Yo, this is not chill
I don't want him. I don't like that
Man, I thought they looked pretty
I thought that was sort of fun. How did you think that was fun, dude?
I don't know. It's sort of creative that sucks now every time I stream
I'm going to be thinking of that shit happening to me
Like a twisted guy in the fucking doorway being like
Yo, I want to watch you die and me being like fuck dude. No
But then I got it because like screen and shit
Well, look, it's uh, it's fiction young blood. Don't take it too seriously. I just
But I'm gonna be thinking of it. I understand
Shit
That's gonna fuck me up for like the next like hour. Oh no a whole hour dude. My next hour is fuck
There's a borderlands show you already. Oh shit. There's a borderlands show
Damn, dude. That's sick. Oh, shit. Don't do my voice
Um, okay, let's check this out. I'm ready for a nice meaty trailer. I'm excited for this. Let's see what's up
What the fuck tricked my ass. Well, it said trailer preview. That's so confusing
It's a trailer a trailer and preview art
Are are signing him's
Well, it's it was nine seconds
Yeah, that was nine seconds. I could have just waited for tomorrow. I couldn't wait because I'm so excited
Well, that's sort of that's the dilemma of those trailers that you're so excited for
Ugh
Reverend wool says I'm haunted and haunted by members of the street who have only appeared once they torture me every night asking
To be let in knocking at the door and clawing at my windows. Fuck
Now I remembered the thing that was scaring me
Well, I'm sorry young blood. That's sort of the fun of scary movies
You get to be scared for like a minute and that's the joy of um
That's the joy of
Of movies or some shit, right? I don't fucking know man. Now. I'm fucking stressed out my whole necks like
30 to 60 minutes is fucked
Super sex. Well, there's a trailer called super sex. That's fucking crazy, dude
Because that's like right up my fucking alley because that's sort of what I do
All right, let's just watch super sex. That's fine. That's fine
Ladies and gentlemen the award for best european actor goes to
Rocco
In minutes
This is the first
I
Don't know how to make
Super sex
I relate to that story so much
Because like for me the the ultimate question like is it better to make love or to fuck
And I said it's like a struggle. I still like I asked my question myself that question every day
And I mean honestly like who knows
um
well
I'm glad that they're widening the lens of biopics to include
Amos porn stars
I mean certainly I've never heard of Rocco. So freddy. Yeah, I've never heard of him
Because like I don't even I wouldn't even know who that is. Yeah
None of us have heard of him
But I'm excited to do some research because now that it's film. It's important to
educate yourself
Movie it's very important to educate yourself on movie young blood. That's true
Something something anal something something
Someone thought the title might be soup or uh sex and between those two that's also a good question
I'm sure if you'd rather have soup or sex. Well like forever. Would you rather never have soup again or never have sex again?
Probably the soup and just eat a lot of solids, but that's you're so limited
What happens if you're in the hospital you can eat jello jello fucking sucks
What if I get my lower half blown off like that guy from that will smith movie
Loveless from wild wild west
Yeah
And then it's like I made the choice to fuck forever, but now I ain't even got no lower parts
So all I want is soup
Uh, well, you know if that happens if any of those events happen then something terrible has happened
So you might have bigger problems. I don't think I would at that point
I'd be a soupless man with no lower body. Maybe that's why they call him loveless because he made that impossible choice
I don't think that's part of the wild wild west franchise that the
lower body
Amputied villain had to make a choice between soup or sex
He chose sex, but now he craves soup. That's my head cannon, which I think is the same as cannon
I don't know young blood and I don't fucking know either man. Get off my back. I'm not on your back
All right. Jesus get off my fucking back chris goddamn
With respect. All right, as long as it's with respect
All right. Well, look, that's probably all the time we have because like, um
What's the soup? Well, the soup is the not salad. It's sex and we basically just learned all about fucking
And now I got to go do it because I'm a busy guy who
Is who's sexually awakened and is constantly fucking you stop talking about sex so much in front of me
Oh, anyway, I'll be back though and uh when I'm back, it'll be what it is
But for now, you fucking know what it is. I'll see you all later in my life. No soup for you
Yeah, no sex for you
the
Well, actually soup nazis, uh, a more fun idea than sex nazi, which I was
Putting the two together in my brain. Never mind. Um
Let's
Look at the internet
Do do do do
Cream clips no back feed. Yes use the internet. There it is
Let's uh, let's use the internet today. Oh, I'll come help. Oh my god
Well, he's already here he ran right over. Okay. Well, peter's here
Rolling out the hits today peter's here and the hitch keep coming. I'm pete giving and I'm here to
look at
The internet which I know how to use, uh, but I never abuse. How about you case? I don't abuse the internet. Well
Worth checking in
I did I did get out of the wall. The walls can't keep me
You know, I related to that dark web trailer because I'm always watching
Jesus peter
Just come on man
Okay, what's up with the internet? What's happening on it? Let's load up some internets to watch together
Um
I'm gonna preload some of these internets to cycle through them. Oh wait the loa. Oh my gosh. We haven't looked at this in munch
How do you jump to the bottom of this thread?
Or oh no, we want to be at the top of the thread
Oh, okay. Oh my god. There it is. Jesus christ. I'm figuring it out. I've got this
Don't worry. I've got this
Ha ha ha ha. Oh, what's that? Okay, um
Let's take a look at some of these and loading them up. I'm just doing a little bit of housekeeping here
When's the wedding? Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay. Yeah, there's there's three loaded up. All right, Peter fine
Let let's use the internet
Do do do do do do? Um, okay
Marcus Jordan wants his dad Michael Jordan to be best man when he marries larsa pippin
This is a thing that's happening
Wow, okay, when's the wedding you guys it's in the works. It's my go-to saying right now
You know, I don't think we have like a date. We're still talking about locations and how party size and all of that stuff
So it's not really concrete yet, but it'll happen. Do you want your dad to give a toast at your wedding?
How does this work?
Yeah, you know, look I was the best man at his wedding and the best man on my brother's wedding
And so obviously we'll keep that tradition going. It's my my thoughts on it. I want in I want video cameras there
You know, I've been on the on the housewives of Miami. All the producers are inquiring around, you know
When's the wedding? Are we gonna film it on tv yada yada yada?
And so that's another thing that we're kind of playing along with is whether or not it'll it will air
What are you leaning towards?
Obviously, look, we're very private people to Jordan's and so if it was up to me
I think we would do maybe multiple weddings one private for our family and friends and then maybe there's one
That's a little more public. You know, I guess time will double weddings. That's so much work
So wait, you're telling me that scottie pippage daughter
And michael jordan's son
Are getting married. I also was aware of that
It feels a little game of thronesy to me like two houses uniting it for some reason
Scottie pippage ex-wife
What? Okay, that's
Hmm. Okay less
Less union between the houses of pippen and jordan actually
I take it back
Um
Is he
How
Huh
Huh
Drain in those threes
Drain in something
Okay
Well, uh, who am I to get into the way of young and or
Slightly older love
I don't know. How did that even happen? I some questions are best not asked
out of politeness
You know, you're at the same events you
Used to see him as a young boy at
those 90s
Well, to be fair, I don't know when
Larissa Pippin
Was with
Scottie Pippin it could have been more recently. She's 49 years old. All right
So maybe she was with him during the heydays
Marcus jordan though, who knows how old he is
He's
33
That's fine. Whatever
It's a little weird in that
Maybe she knew him when he was like a teenager
But
Who are we to judge? I don't know. It is weird to say though, right?
Michael Jordan's son marrying Scottie Pippin's ex-wife
Weird for you. Yeah weird for weird for anybody. Well, weird for you
I said it and I'm and I'm just happy for love love
Mm-hmm. Yeah
Uh, Pippin was as this is cod king Pippin was a teammate of Michael Jordan when the bulls won close to five back-to-back championships
Jordan think Pippin in his hall of fame speech
Well, yeah the two sorry for any younger viewers that weren't alive during the 90s heyday of the bulls
Or didn't live in chicago where they're still constantly mentioned
Uh, yeah, they had six back to six championships five back-to-backs
90s bulls classic powerhouse team. Maybe the best dang basketball team ever so good
um
That you know, they're the forces of gravity are just pulling random parts of them together
random sons random ex-wives
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know how um
I don't know how I would feel about that if I was scottie Pippin, but I'm not in their personal lives
And I and I will never be and that's true and that's good for everyone involved. I agree. Um, okay
Well, let's see what else is happening on the internet. I'm using it
Not I'll be using it. Let's look at it
Wow
Oh
You know, I've heard flamingos are aren't actually pink. Um, it's just
Something to do with like the reflections and off their feathers or something
That's your takeaway from that
Well, I was wondering why is this flamingo pink because it's uh
It's you know, it's just a tube
But maybe it's from all the acolyte in that overrun shuo on it
You peter what?
Going for a little bit of a of an acolyte joke
It's a real stretch, man
Well, uh, does that look like fun? It's sort of fun
Also, I don't I that thing about flamingos not being pink if they look pink
Doesn't that count? Can't they just be pink because they look pink?
I don't know. It's their diet that turns them pink
So they are pink. Yeah, they are pink. Well, maybe that flamingo's diet
Well, I was a was a coal eye because it's it's it's riding on shuo water
So it's being poisoned by shit
Fine peter. I should have done this with jet. No, I'm doing my best
Okay, let's see what else is happening on the internet
No
All right making a penis on his nose. Okay, maybe not
Another flamingo maybe
A pig oh, he's a bunny rabbit
Holy shit, he likes it. Oh my god, it keeps getting worse
Okay, it's not it's not a bunny rabbit
No, dude
Oh my god, he's he loves them
Ah, they're scaring me. I feel like I'm back on the dark web one second. I Kendall is calling case
She is but you can well I'll I'll pause it and pause it and then we'll do the big reveal
Kendall you're on the stream
Kendall's starving. Well, I'll stop streaming when you get back and I'll feed you
Why are you not hungry? No, I would eat
I'll be I'll be at about well, I mean he takes like 40 minutes to get back, right?
Oh, she's like 10 minutes away
Okay, let's go get food in let's go get food in 20 minutes 30 minutes
Okay, 20 to 30
Okay
Let's get food now. Okay. Okay. I'll see you soon
Well, we'll just do a we'll do a slightly shorter one today. Usually try to go two hours. We'll go more like an hour and a half today
But uh, you still have to finish using the internet. Oh, yes the internet. I am currently using it
All right, let's back this up a little bit
Uh, we sorry when we last left this man. He's painting his nose with a
Open red shore that turned out to be a mouth. Let's see what's happening
Wow, I think he looks good. Hey, you know
Sir, I think it's a good look. Um
Oh, there's no way to there we go. That's just there's a screen shaver for you
It's like Madeline in real life
um
But they're they're robbing a bank and that little bandana fell down
That's what that's like. That's what that's like
The votes are in and that is what that is like
Okay, we watch that guy
Let's watch this lady. She looks mad at a slim gym
We'll find out what's happening
Further to report on after we confirm the events of this story
Cheers
What the fuck? Oh my god run it back
Cheers
It makes my throat hurt. Let's do it one more time
Cheers
What comes out at the end?
Cheers
Why does that make me choke? I don't know but I I I it also for me as well
It makes me feel a little let's do it one more time. No, peter stop. Let's do it one more time
Cheers
How come it comes out so gelatinous yet?
Cheers
Oh, it is gelatinous so it's not a slim gym. It's like a gummy
Like a gummy stick. I don't know what that is. But I honestly don't know what the fuck that is
um
A mystery a mystery
slime
edible slime
Let's let's do a little investigating
She ate it three times. Well
Really ate it once and coughed it up
Well, I guess wait, how did she do it? Let's see it one more time. She sucks it in
Then it comes and then she sucked. Okay. Yeah, she did. He they're actually right
What the hell is she eating though?
Follow hungry foodies. I don't think this is the original poster
I do not believe that this is op
Uh, you might be right there
Let's do two more of these
Two more internet. Can we even afford to use that much internet?
We could we could probably afford
Right, we could probably use a lot more internet. There's there's a lot of there's a lot of strong contenders on here
That I've been woefully neglectful of
Oh my god, okay pop that one open
Let's pop this guy open
Yeah
Okay, we're loaded up. All right. Let's see what else we got
Oh my god
I'll try doing that with meat sticks. Oh
How long does she keep this up?
She's gonna cough it up. No
The bow at the end, you know, that's the kind of entertainment. They should have at trump rallies
Why I don't know. He always has like weird little dance squads and stuff come out
But this guy feels like he's really representing like the aspirations of the average american
just
Circus tricks that involve food
I but why try I don't know just I feel the it sort of looks like a trump voter
And um
And he's got a talent so let him do just let him do trumps campaign rallies
Okay, I mean who knows what his political affiliation is. I don't know you spend that much time acrobatically eating apples
Then who knows what you've done with your life
Maybe he's just very good at juggling and that's another skill he has
Okay, let's see what else we got
Ah, oh no
Oh, no
Oh
And the comeback
That is a powerful barf
Is it is it the light making it look green?
It might be the light, but that is a straight up ghostbusters barf
That is she has slimered the whole
The whole rest of the roller coaster
Or he
I'm assuming she
Are you assuming women love to barf? I am not uh don't want to go down that road. Um
But yeah, that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty rough. You ever been there? I've never puked on a roller coaster
Oh, I puked on every single one
That's why I bring I tie a barf bag around my mouth
Like a horse like a horse feeding bag
I just fill it with barf
every time
Why do you still go on roller coasters? Because they're fun
Let's do a poorly aged 90 commercial just so the last thing we watch isn't
Barfing and then you saying that
All right, fine. Let's watch some poorly aged 90s commercial. This is eight minutes of them. We'll just watch a couple
In fact, uh, let's full screen this guy. Let's full screen it
Uh-oh, I can see I'm tracking what happened here
Oh
No
Okay, well this this one's pretty disturbing unfortunately
But at the time you got to remember who's fine it was fine
Oh, I didn't know they had an ad camera, but that does make sense
I I'm believing
Oh, no
Oh
No
Wow did not expect it to have that exact imagery that is
Although again, I must remind you at the time of beautiful commercial
All over the world the biggest thing
Serving our troops good old american food
Right feel just a little closer to home. Oh, no. Oh, no
Oh my whose problem is this yours
That's why you ship ups because only ups how many 9 11 commercials are there
UPS online tracking software to see your customer's actual signature
So when they say we never got it you can say not only did you get it, but uh, you don't dot your eyes
UPS online. Are you connected yet?
Unless Fogle no denying your body's changed
Yes, sir, this committee must know did you ingest anything that helped create this change in your physique? Yes
Oh, no, usually a six inch turkey breasts up for lunch and a foot-long veggie delight for dinner
You get those what did he have for what did he have for brunch?
Wow
How many pedophiles can you put in one room?
Congress tests that that theory every day
Okay, wait, I didn't cut off that last one. I'll I'll let us do the last one
Whatever you make you make it the best it can be
Raytheon where quality starts with fundamentals. They get the Raytheon way
Well, look it's a classic american company. Are they do am I do I agree with everything they're involved in?
What do you agree with that they're involved in well that commercial it was a lovely american commercial
Maybe we've been too hard on them. You're being convinced by a 90s commercial
To like Raytheon. It just had a nice that nice classic american feel
I can't believe how many 9-11
I guess they were it was a huge building in the middle of new york
So it makes sense it would show up in a lot of stuff, but some of that specific imagery is a lot
I mean, I'm sure those are not the only ones. Well, in fact, there's five minutes more. Well, maybe I'll come back
And we'll finish those off
Shut them out of the time shon's like Kendall's home. It does sound like Kendall's home. Thanks for being here, Peter
And thanks for having me out of the walls. Please get out of the walls. I never will
Okay, bye everybody
Kendall
There's a Kendall. I got my Kendall in the mail. Hello
Oh my god, wow you're getting the whole show chat
Chad's getting the whole show
Okay, let's
Send it to munch and crumb
They will debate
something
And then I might call it a little early today
I had some editing to take care of as usual. So and I still kind of do
So it might be good for me not to stream too too long. I kind of want to play hell divers
So if I ever get a ride of doing that, maybe I'll just randomly do a hell divers divers hell divers stream
But
Also, maybe the game's too maybe the game's too much of an actual game for me and maybe I'm too bad
I don't know debate super sex
That sounds about right. We'll we'll have them do that. All right, let's send it down to the debate room floor
Oh, and then we have to make a we have to make a theme song for a chat
So we'll actually do two things before we end the stream. So let's get this one out of the way first
It's time for munch and crumb back on top as usual never left the summit actually just living on the living on the mountain top
Looking at the beautiful vistas in the distance. What do I see a fucking mutant mongrel destroying the view of everything?
Unfortunately, that's crumb who's also here leave. Well, uh horrible intro as usual
But it's good to see everybody
Hey, we're back. Hello Kendall. He said hi to you. That's the most you
What no we ate the sleeve together
What are you talking about Kendall?
Other of the of the of the girl scout cookies
I would never solo eat a whole sleeve of girl scout cookies
I gotta get her more girl scout cookies now
I fucked up her girl scout cookies
You only eat those
Okay, I'll get you more
I gotta get her more girl scout cookies
Listen chat. I might have made a slight error here in the amount of girl scout cookies that I ate that I ate
I went over to case's house. I ate his girl scout cookies. That's on me
Debate of case is guilty or not. No, I'm claiming this one. I did eat them
Horrible. Those are Kendall's girl scout cookies. Well, they were out
And I was sitting those are the criteria for you to eat a whole sleeve of cookies. I didn't eat the whole sleeve
Many of the cookies were shared last night
by Kendall and case
And then today
I might have finished them off
Where where's what we bought four types and three of them were for case
He stole ate my cookies
Disgusting munch. What do you mean?
This is look girl scout cookies. This is a classic issue for girl scout cookies
If you get them you'll eat too many of them. That's your you problem. You need to get your ego to control you need to
Listen, I apologize. I apologize to Kendall
I didn't mean to I didn't mean to I didn't mean to do it to her
I meant to do it for me
That's just how that works. Sometimes you got to eat a whole sleeve of cookies
But I didn't eat the whole sleeve
Some were shared
Some were shared
There was less than half. No, there was not that's where there was less than half
I'm gonna get you more
Kendall, I'm gonna get you more girl scout cookies
Case shared the cookies with munch. He did case is nice. He said have some cookies munch. I said
All right
You do still have a whole sleeve, but I'm gonna get you even more. What do you mean? Those are in the trash
What you talking about?
Okay, these are three. Yeah, but that's that's over like two weeks
It's over like two weeks
You're defending case's behavior. Listen. We're here to debate if super sex is better
I think you have a lot more to answer for than stupid sex. There's nothing more to answer for
I've apologized. It's rare for me
But I'm sorry Kendall. I apologize to Kendall. Never to you. You apologize to me. I never okay. Only once
I'm sorry Kendall
There is
Well, the cookies were sort of slowly diminished
So they weren't sitting out but case did finish them off
That is true
Case has a problem with girl scout cookies
Hmm
Well
Do a better case
Me I'm on it. I I've I've decided to make all of my sugars fruit
You fucking love fruit. I bet why is that negative? I don't know because you're doing it now. You're ruining fruit for me
If you if you're eating healthy, why do you look like that like a
Like a man who's aging gracefully
Yeah
Can we just debate
Super sex, please
And obviously sex
You're discounting the merits of stoop and I shouldn't be surprised
You're just giving me the victory but people like stoop. I think you're unfortunately you've once again
Signed yourself up for failure
Okay, well look do we have them if we have them out they can they can make that poll otherwise get on it
Crumb knows nothing about super sex. He doesn't even know about regular sex. I couldn't agree more john michael
I
Ask my two sons if I know
But my daughter
And then all my brothers have various children too. So I have lots of niches and nephews. What does that have to do with you and sex?
Another i'm just saying my whole family knows how to sex. Otherwise, there'd be no family
sex ain't about procreation
it's about
Dominus and
Looking at yourself in the mirror and being like i'm doing this. That's not that's
What you just said is psychotic
Make the fucking poll for me. Okay
Um
Manage poll new poll
on the poll
Super sex
Um soup sex, okay
Oh, and now I go for the jugular
soup
Ask yourself this for your average person
What do you add more of super sex?
sex
You wish you've definitely had more soup
Your average human has had more soup. I do not eat soup very often
Soup soup is more things than you'd expect. I would argue
um
Most tomato drinks are basically a soup. No
Oh my god, are you gonna make me debate what a soup is?
I would argue yogurts with enough
Toppings on them is basically a yogurt soup. That's yogurt very different than soup soup is liquid
Well, then I would argue
Um
A lot of mixed drinks are basically soups mixed drinks are not soups
Would you rather not have a mix never make think of all the mixed drinks you've had
Basically slurping down soup
And you would really put that above the brief release of coitus
I'm sorry the the the everyday
regularity and the ease of throat lubrication that soup offers
Is simply superior to the limited release that you get from sex
But just listen to this man talk. Would you guys please actually listen?
This is so much closer than it should be. You know, you want to fuck
You mean picture a fucking bowl of soup next to a nice hot ass
Are you really gonna eat the soup and the steaming pile of cold?
The ass never gets cold the ass stays fucking hot. You know, you want the sex chat?
You're being fucking crazy and you gotta stop this
I like soup
You can't have sex
You can you can sex soup, but you can't soup sex. You can soup up your sex pour some soup on your sex. No one's stopping you
Insanity
All right, I'll tell you how it's fucking happening. I'm crumb believable and I fucking do
The soup soup takes it again. I knew it. I knew it
Are you still out of breath? I was the one shouting
I worked up because I'm crushing you
Oh
The paws are in the mountain and I'm scaling it the paws. Can you call your fucking hands hands you mongrel?
My little human paws. I'm scaling the mountain
Mount munch like Sylvester Stallone in the movie roadhouse itself. That's just alone in the movie cliff diver
That doesn't sound right either
Point is people love soup and I love being only 10
Baby barely existent points away from crushing you once and for all
eliminating your confidence permanently watching you fold into a little ball
Of of munchable weakness. That's why they'll call you munch when I munch your soul as I finally beat you
Ten away. I'm gonna hit the single digits away
I haven't been in that vicinity since you first hit 10 points. I'd like to point that out
Someone bleep this yet. Can we bleep you permanently?
But you know, can you bleep from permanently?
Oh
You should hear he said so many racist terrible things right now. Oh my god. I can't believe you feel that way about every minority group
Oh my god, the horrible things you're saying
Shit another debate was demanded a second debate
A chance at redemption not for me but for chat for making these insane decisions to let you win. It's a very
Peter keep this going
You can stop when I have to debate this man because I do have to crush him. I literally just beat you
I literally didn't even curse. Stop, please
Okay, what should debate uh bonjai bullfrog
um
Will munch explode when crumb passes him. Yes, I won't because it won't happen
it's like
Will the sun
turn green
when
A leprechaun shows up. That's not gonna happen. You don't know if that's not gonna happen
I think it could easily happen. Uh, get this pull out of here. Bring me a new one. Well, you got to make that shit
Will crumb explode fine fine fine new pole
Will crumb explode I mean munch explode when crumb beats him
Of course, um, it's hard to write. No, but
No, he's lucky. I'll write that I'll write that because you'll be lucky not to explode because it's almost such a certainty
I bet you can't even remain calm during this simple debate if I had to guess
Uh, and and I think it'll be a nice preview of what's gonna happen to you when I beat you and you unfortunately explode
And then all those wishes of death that you foist upon me might finally be
Served up to you as sort of a just reward. How's that dinner taste munch? Oh, you said I can't be calm
Fucking calm
Will not
Explode because I can't contain how I feel
Thing is what you don't understand crumb is that I can be angry in a lot of different ways
I can be I can put a zero anger inside a ten of anger
I can be insanely furious at you, but honestly never even hit that high of a register
I contain my rage in a little box a little hellraiser cube that only I know how to solve
And when I do I blast it like a fucking death star of theory at you
And if you ever manage to beat me, which again is an impossibility that will never happen
I think you'll see exactly the kind of damage that my rage laser can do when you explode
I won't explode you will be the one exploding sir
You're gonna pop like a balloon filled with poop
Because that's who you are a poop balloon
That's so fucking crazy to say if I were filled with anything it would probably be like
Like that kind of a gulch lager like a liquor that sparkly that's what a balloon would be filled with if I was a balloon
Nope
And that's where you're wrong munch
Shari to come in with the truth hammer, but you're a balloon
Filled with poop
Listen to what you're saying what you're saying is stupid
Because I would be filled with gloves lager other than that it'd be a sick burn
But it's just so baseless
I won't explode
Sorry Kendall
Again
Oh
Wait a minute wait a minute check the fucking score
Single digits counting baby
Yes
The age rate sorry the score range is under nine listen to this crazy things this disgusting man says
What I was gonna say you're like a nine-year-old and I'm finally in your age range because you have the mind of a nine-year-old
And that's how many points away I am
Exactly wait what?
It's an insult against you nine points may as well be nine million fucking points
That's how far beneath me you are you could be a hundred points ahead and be a million points down because in your fucking soul
You're worthless
You're worthless. You can't divide zero by itself and you can't divide a fucking crumb by a crumb either way
It's a speck of fucking nothingness. That's worthless
You'll just never be at my level and you have to accept that you have to accept that
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no God. I love my song
I don't know. I don't know what to tell you while I simply
I'm just I'm calm
I'm like an alligator in the pond. You can just see the top of my head
Like this like this. You see what I did at the end there. We were arguing. I think I nailed that out
Because I'm waiting I'm waiting to devour you. I'm gonna eat you munch. I'm gonna eat you up
in the score
I'll talk about kids again or something you fucking freak it was an insult against you
Well, I'll tell you what the real insult is. I'm out of time. That's all the time we have we got to go
People need to eat
People need to live their lives away from the worst part of it
Sometimes I have to leave my curse for a minute. I gotta check it check it outside
I gotta like checking your handgun
When you attend a powerful business meeting, this isn't while you're and he's not cool
Like you get the idea though. I'm fucking leaving. I'm done. I hate him. I love you. Bye. Bye everybody
Yeah, there's also an expert to me
Cookie monster
Oh boy cookie monster cookie monster
I have nothing to answer for to him. I swear I didn't do a bad
I was barely bad
And I don't want to be in trouble with cookie monster
But he is here unfortunately, uh cookie monster. Thanks for joining us
You have some explaining to do
What the hell? Why does he sound so?
He's sound kind of overpowered cookie monster. You have some explaining to do
to cookie monster
Cookie monster has had enough
of people eating my cookie
Jesus Christ
Why did you eat my cookie my cookie?
I'm sorry cookie monster
The blood of my cookie
Okay, I'm sorry. They were Kendall's cookie
Um not one
Not two
Not three not four not five not six. I mean not even 10 not even 20 probably not even 30 not even 40 probably 50 cookie
50 cookie
Okay
Stop eating my cookie cookie monster. Bye. Bye. He's busy. I'm so sorry. I'll stop eating his cookie
That's a more intense cookie monster than I was ready
You okay Kendall? Okay
We have one last thing to do
Unfortunately, all other requests will have to be way late to tomorrow when we will get to them
But I did say I would make big cheddar a theme song. I don't know what it is so it might take a second
Uh, but he is here
Chet uh
Welcome
I mean, I fucking yeah, I'm welcome. Welcome to fucking rock this mic
Good to see y'all. What the hell?
That's about time
Okay, it's about damn time. Maybe my theme song should be lisa
It's about chet time
Should oh you used to ai generate people's theme song. I mean I could kick it from the top but
Uh, you want to ai generate your theme song? I mean if that's what all the greats did
lunch
from
Why not big cheddar?
Well, I don't know. It's I don't know how I feel about ai anymore
You're chet believable. That's sick. Well, that's crumb. That's crumbs
But I could do it better. Well
I don't know if I want lizos either
We'll take some ideas from chat the old beef and cheddar macho macho chet
That's maybe the top for me so far
Um, chatty chatty bang bang chatty chatty bang bang that's fucking sick bang bang gang black black
Nobody does it chatter
Chatty chatty bang bang is there an instrumental you can find for that
What does chitty chitty bang bang even sound like I actually don't know anything other than the chorus
Jett no weta
I need a beat to this
Oh
Can I see chitty chitty bang bang rap beat? Is that a thing?
Boom boom what the hell is this?
This does I don't know this is my vibe. How is this chitty chitty bang bang? I don't know if I'll believe it
What the hell all right
shit
Chet in the sky slippery wind chat. Damn. These are all so good
Uh, who is farting on the beat?
That might have been me my fucking beats. He's fucking my fucking farts his beats. That's how fucking sick I am
You're so sick that your farts are beats. That's how sick I am, dude
Uh, check me up before you go go check me up before you go go. I like that a lot
You like all of these because they have your name in them chat. I can't deny that
macho macho man
Um instrumental, okay macho man instrumental that exists
Okay, maybe this is just when I got it because this is getting me fucking hyped
Should I freestyle it or should I just should we generate it?
Um
I don't know I'd get generated for me
All right, if that's what you want that's what shitter that's what shitter demands
I don't want lesser treatment. I want still freestyle a little bit
But I want a strong base of artificially generated trash
I can definitely provide that for you. In fact, that's all I can provide for you. Um
Using this particular method
All right, uh, you could go ahead and type it in. All right, uh
Write me a song
to the exact
cadence
of macho macho man
Except write me a parody song. There we go. Now it knows now it knows it's a it's sort of a parody
But I think it's going to be stronger than the original
um
macho macho man except the chorus
goes macho
macho chet
The song
is about
a man named chet
who is
the world's
strongest
coolest man
And an incredible dad to six sons
That they can't miss
Okay, let me hear the original real quick just so I know what I'm going off here
Because I'm not entirely familiar with how the
How the how like the how the
Versus go
Okay, I'm picking up the vibe
Let me pull up audition so I can record this shit easily
So I'm getting fucking pumped up from this shit. This might be hard though
Just realizing that this might be hard to do
Because these like I don't know the timings exactly
It's gonna have to figure that out chet shit
All right, fuck. I mean, that's fucking a huge challenge and if I succeed it will be incredible
Well, you have this beautiful ai generated song
Just full disclosure though
It doesn't always do
Like let me look up the original macho macho man lyrics
It doesn't always do the best job of
matching anything singable
Like I don't know if I entirely trust
It's supposed to be macho macho. Yeah, like it already fucked up the chorus for you pretty bad. What do you mean?
Macho macho chat. He's the king of all the rest
He's the world's strongest coolest man
And the greatest dad no contest. That seems like it's exactly like the original
You know, well, they'll originally just say macho man
Well, but I'm improving on the original. You're not this is an ai song now
But I'm sort of gonna bring my own flair too. I mean what just because the artist doesn't write their songs
Doesn't mean they're not a hit machine. Look at fucking Drake, dude. He like he like ghosts are trying to write for him. He's so hot
Well, I'll just say best of luck. This might sound like an absolute nightmare
Um, but that's nothing new for this stream. So who am I to deny us
Me doing that to everyone. It's actually me doing that to everyone and proudly. Okay. We're recording
So give me this fucking
And and she just pre-reverb my voice a little bit. I like that. There we go. Not with the echo. I'm saying reverb it
Yeah, that's sick
Macho now, that's too much. We will have to add it in post
That's too much. Okay. Can we just get going shut? You're the one who made this sub goal
You still asked me to
Thought we was cool as shit
You're being like not that cool to me right now
um
One other thing I gotta do real quick. Uh, let me stop this recording. I gotta change the input
Oh, I can't
Mix default stereo input
Okay, never mind. I can't do it. So we'll just we'll have to sync it up later
But that's fine. It'll be easy with your skills, right? I guess I'll sync it up for you later
I prefer to just record it all in one go, but that's fine shut
I'll adjust it for you slightly. All right
Are we recording we are recording it is time for me to become the machoist chat of all
Here we go
Macho he's a chat. He's a chat and he's macho
That's the chat who's here and he's macho. I got a freestyle this because they didn't write this part macho macho
He's the chat who's here and he's macho macho chat. Yeah, he's the king of all the rest
He's the world's strongest coolest man to contest
Macho chatting his with the sons. He is always sick
He's the ultimate role model the one we won't forget
macho macho chat
Yeah, oh shit. This isn't the chorus. Um
Here we go. He's a fucking dad
Check out who he is man because he's a fucking dad macho the fuck
Also, he's there and he's also a role model and I'm your fucking boy. So fucking chill
And here we go. Everybody's fucking singing this shit macho macho chat
He's the king of all the rest The world's strongest, coolest man
And greatest dad-no-contest Say it again, Macho Macho Chat
With his sons, he is always set The ultimate role model
Just ask your chick, cause you won't forget So I fucking added that
Chet, Chet's the dude With an attitude so smooth
And he can fix a car But with just a glance
And dance like no one else can groove But I don't know how this part goes
Shit, alright Got a heart of gold
And a smile that lights up the sky And when Chet is right
You know you're in for a good time Because he's coming
That's me, the one who's coming And Chet's here
He's gonna get you all coming Fucking did that by accident
And he's sick with it nasty And also he's a dad
Let's tell him Macho, fuck that's not the chorus
This shit's blowing Fucking start the song back over, case
I refuse Everyone else that did one Chet
Take Chet, do you think you're not good enough to do it in one take
I know I'm good enough In fact they call me the one take king
And that's why I'm gonna crush this shit No problem
This is all part of it And there we fucking go
Macho, Macho, Chet He's the king of all the rest
He's the world's strongest coolest man And greatest dad and that is no contest
Here we fucking go Macho, Macho, Chet With his sixth son
He is all he said The ultimate role model
Just ask your wife you will not forget I fucked your wife is what I'm saying
He's not just Macho man He's a Macho dad
With his son by his side He is never sad, that's not true
He is teaching them to be strong To be kind to be true
Macho, Chet We're all so grateful for you
And then Chet is fucking good
Chet says to the people about him They are liking him
They're still liking him Just ask anybody
He once was in the gym And he spotted people without them
Even having to ask too much And they just went to the phone
And there's like a cop and a Native American
And but they're all mean Picture that
And also like a road worker And the shit looks crazy
And everybody likes it a lot And people of all
Persuasions are dancing to it Gay straight little dogs on the street
Are dancing to this song But the main thing I came to say
Is to sing And that happens to be the greatest song ever
Which is happening right now And it goes a little something like
Fuck, where is this chorus Where the fuck is this chorus
Look at these two fucking Hey, just kidding
The chorus is right here Macho, Macho, Chet
He's the king of all the rest He's the world's strongest coolest man
And the greatest dad, no contest Now sing it with me
Macho, Macho, Chet With his sons
He's always said He's the ultimate role model
The one that you will not forget And ask your fucking wife
I'm just kidding I don't fuck people's wives
I respect marriage Unlike certain ex-wives that I have
Oh, great job, I'm pumped up Wow, hey, hey
I'm fucking Macho Showing off the pecs
Look at the shit My fucking abs are big
They're kind of a mono-ab But mono-abs are actually better
They are stronger I'm telling everybody
And that's the playoff And that's a hit
One take Fuck, yes
Our top fucking store Don't do my voice
I just crushed a song Our top fucking store today is
I just crushed that shit I have a theme now
And no one can take that away from you Once you have a theme
That cements your place in history As an influencer celebrity
For the ages And I now have that
And it feels fucking right
ChatGBT, as usual, did you a little dirty?
I didn't really write a parody song
It just wrote bizarre rhyming couplets That were really basic
But I think you handled it quite talking
And that's how I handle everything
There's no situation you can't talk your way out of
If you talk enough And I would like to say that
To all of you that that was the stream
And the raid that I created was with my mouth
But Kase is about to create a raid with his hands
And hands across America have led you to
The end of me being here
And so I say I'm chat
Bye-bye He's chat
All right, let's find somebody to raid
Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude
Thank you all for the support today
Tomorrow we'll do one of those for Jeff
And maybe we'll get through
Maybe every single one of these people will have their own song
Okay, let's see who's on
A Brucey baby, I haven't read Bruce in a second
Let's read Bruce Green
Chat me up before you go
We might have to do another chat song
Because there's so many options
But maybe we won't be in as much of a rush at all
I'll really coax the old
Bakery machine to write something that
Technically matches the original song
You could murder a box of samosas
I got to order another box
So that my sins might someday be forgiven
Which maybe they never will be
Before we go, shout outs to Yekert Weepsauce
All wants to play games
Shaq and Entropy Destroyer
As well as our top underwriters
As always, CV loves you too
I'm trying Entity Street Marine
And I worship Shadow
And Microphone 900
For the 750 every time
It's too damn kind
We love to see it
And we love to see all of you
We'll see you next time
We're Raiden Bruce
It's just a case, Raiden
It's nice and simple
I got to go get some food
To Kendall, the Kendall delivery service
Of food to mouth
I'll talk to you all tomorrow
Have a great one, bye-bye