I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I came to cream.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do Pepito.
Notcase's brother said a recollection took place last night in the great Commonwealth of Virginia.
There it is.
The late-long Republicans were winning. This spirit was unbelievable until the very end of course.
There was a massive mail-in ballot drop where have I heard that before and the Democrats
seek out another Crip victory.
Shit, I missed what our president had to say.
No! No!
Am I interested in working for the Onion or New Info Wars?
Yeah, I mean potentially.
Why is that a thing?
Has it already moved from the planning stage to the talent acquisition phase?
Talent.
Yes, good to see everybody. Mr. Wobubu, Bubu, Livensleezy, Psychor, B, Grendel, Apple, Dappel, Greg, T.U.
Notcase's brother.
Biden said a rigged election took place last night in the great Commonwealth of Virginia.
All day long Republicans were winning.
The spirit was unbelievable until the very end, but of course there was a massive mail-in ballot drop
where have I heard that before and the Democrats eaked out another Crip victory.
Biden on that, but Biden has confused himself with Trump in his ailing years.
But absolutely.
In fact, even here in sunny Los Angeles, I was getting texts about it all fucking weak non-stop.
My phone, I felt like I was on like a 30 person shared text thread or something.
Livensleezy will make me the new owner of InfoWars, a case of ply, put in the word for you and they know who I am.
Okay, yeah, sure, I'll play.
It's a unique challenge, I'll say that.
Oh my god.
Whoa, everything's got so much louder for me. What the fuck?
What just happened?
Did my in-ear monitors get twice as loud? What's going on?
Did you guys hear that on your end?
A filter fell off.
Yeah, something. What the fuck?
Check, check, check. What's that?
I think something must have not been plugged in all the way, one second.
We might have to change some mic settings, guys.
You turn up the volume and change it for everyone?
Thank you for your hard work. Okay, yeah, I can turn the game down a bit. One second.
Check, check, check.
That should be fine.
Turn this down now.
Okay, hopefully I'm a little less.
I don't know what that was.
Somehow my gain got leveled up all at once.
Oh my gosh.
Daniel Sturl, the chief conic of Sturl.
I'm getting it. No, no, no, no.
Thank you for putting in the word for me live and sleazy.
I'll certainly apply.
I guess I'll just work it before I apply, but...
Sure.
So I'm going to have to move back to Chicago.
That might not agree with Kendall's career goals.
But if they need a LA remote player...
Ritter, whatever.
Oh my gosh.
Big J.Dub91 just absolutely pounded 1,000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress.
What's that?
I just have to say this. Just wanted to show everyone what we used to have.
Better days.
Guys, thank you so much for the bits and sub.
Big J.Dub, thank you for the hot 1,000 summoning Obama himself.
I guess the hype train is already here.
He comes in so fast.
Yeah, I heard that Tim Hidercor was.
I didn't realize that... I guess it makes sense they'd be hiring.
Sometimes when I read things as a headline, I just assume it'll never happen.
Because I'm so used to the news now.
You're on your way to the Michael movie?
Well, you can...
You can get the idea of the stream in 20 minutes, Steve.
My guess is the hype train will rap about piss.
That's where you're wrong, kids.
You've never understood me.
I'll just rap about piss and you'll need a full hour in, Steve.
Abandon the Michael movie.
Now I'm curious. Somebody go see the Michael movie.
The Michael movie is another thing that I felt like would never come out.
I just read things and I assume they'll never happen.
But I guess it's out.
Are you seeing an early release?
Levin Sleazy says, one of my jobs is working for the entity that Tim Onion unveiled the In-Fore-War news.
Tim Onion.
Is there a guy named Tim Onion involved with the Onion?
That's the real news here.
No, I really will apply. And I appreciate you. You shot him, yeah. Levin Sleazy.
Ben Collins.
Oh, okay.
You should change his name to Tim Onion, because that's pretty good.
Stop ignoring me, Case.
No one cares about your job prospects.
And that's true often for me as well.
Okay, wait. I need to turn up the threshold.
There we go.
Now we're cutting out some of that background noise.
Bumble Sprout. Thank you.
I will do the thank yous here.
All I need is a simple beat.
A simple beat that's like throwing this out there.
Urinary themed.
Bagpipes must do.
Oh, a yodeling type beat.
Urinary?
Yeah, like a trap beat.
A urinary trap beat just for pitch.
We got the yodeling.
Mariachi.
What about this yodeling trap beat?
This is a full ass song.
Where's the yodeling though?
There's no yodeling in here.
Scooty fruity.
What a fun name to say. Thank you for the chat.
And happy that you got the gifted.
Where's a yodeling type beat?
Sold yodel type beat.
It's sold. Oh, this beat was sold.
Congrats to Neesh.
Production by Neesh.
This is the beat you dreamed of.
That's true.
On the top of the mountain with the bagpipes too.
I'm yodeling it up and also I am somehow Scottish.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yodeling it up and he do.
Got the later hosin' on the lady's boo.
Looking fly with the thighs out.
Now that you can see the contours of my legs.
As I'm yodeling fruity.
Woo, woo, woo, woo.
Let's think some bits and subs.
Finally.
But first I gotta talk about my thighs more.
You don't have thighs.
Trains kinda have thighs.
They're pistons guys.
My pistons are veiny actually and they put blood.
Yeah, I got organic material inside
because I like to have some blood in me.
I like to eat up blood, baby.
I've been sucking up blood like it is fruit juice.
I'm a vampire train, baby.
And I'm on the loose.
Don't call me Dracula.
Call me Travella.
What the fuck is this now?
Travella. Travella.
It is gasoline.
It's never a hassle like apple, dapple baby.
I drink blood like it is snapple.
You know what's up.
Did the blood.
And now I'm filled with organic material
and I run on it, run it, run it, run it.
Do your time, run it, down,
scaring all the fucking shit.
Okay, okay, that's fine.
You were so close.
Just thank the subs.
I would thank the subs, but mostly I want their blood.
A fragile subs.
Travella.
Yeah, call me Travella.
No wonder Niche sold that beat.
That beat was fire.
Is that it? No, the only yodeling type beat?
No, there's also this.
Look at this.
Is this picture okay?
Am I allowed to show this picture?
I'm not sure about it.
There's no yodeling going on right now.
Drink the snapple.
None of my ass.
So what?
100 painters.
That's the answer.
Baby, you need a pen to write.
I'm a kiss it so deeply.
Mighty eyes.
And I'm never fucking it.
What?
Love each other.
What do you mean?
Love each other.
100 bits.
Baby, let me take too much.
You know it, please me.
So fucking please me.
Oh, you're done.
Yeah, I'm done.
If you're not gonna appreciate me, case I'm done.
Okay, that's fine.
Play the beat.
You just said you're done.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Wrap over on Mega Man 3 beat.
Are you insisting against Vampire Train?
Yes, correct.
Everyone, everything everyone is saying is correct.
We'll count that as a Mega Man type beat.
We could have had this.
Hopefully the hype train didn't miss anybody, as he loves to do.
Google Trash and Casey Missy, thank you for the 100 bits.
Spread out over 250s.
And I think that might be the only one he missed.
Wrap over someone singing a song.
It's a feature.
It's just a feature layered over the artist.
They should start doing that.
There's no time for all the features we wanted on this track, so we're just going to people
wrap over the hook.
They'll slap them over each other.
We're probably pretty much there musically, right?
The hottest trend now is just rapping over old Eminem songs.
But slow.
So you provide a counterbalance to his energy.
We're privatized by hollanoats.
We'll save that for later.
But thank you for the bits and subs, everyone.
Kind of a mercifully short hype train today.
The hype train actually thanked the majority of the bits and subs.
So what can I even complain about?
Nothing anymore.
I'll still complain.
Don't you hate how when you're on a plane and you eat the whole plane, then you fly
around and you suddenly have to fly all the passengers around?
And you eat your wife, please?
What?
You know, that's pretty good, Pepito.
Thank you.
I'm getting on my ups.
I'm getting up and saying things.
Stand up?
No.
Okay, whatever.
It's news time.
It's still your assignment.
It's me, it's Darfus, everyone.
Hello.
Good to see you all again.
I forgot that's how you sound.
I remembered, fortunately, because I am me.
Good, uh, good.
It's good.
It's not a lot like that other guy who's got a smooth face.
I don't- what are you on, man?
I do have a smooth face, so I don't take that as an insult.
But you're wild with it.
It's not polite to comment on another man's smoothness.
That's true.
All the tacos have been salsaed today.
Congratulations.
A taco without salsa is just meat on cornbread.
Wow, Darfus.
That's- yes.
Yes.
Have you ever seen Darfus injure everything in the same room?
I haven't.
I could- am I him?
No, uh, as far as I know, no.
Cornbread?
Can you make taco cornbread?
Is this an option?
I can't have either.
I'm allergic to bread.
Do you mean to gluten?
Nope, just bread.
I could have gluten all the time.
Something else in the bread gets me.
It's not all about gluten, everyone.
Sometimes you're just allergic to bread.
Uh, I guess that's probably possible.
I don't really know the chemical makeup of bread fully.
Me either.
I just know that when I eat it, I break out in it- I break out my- my whole skin changes
color and honestly it looks like I'm trying to pull off a look that I'm not allowed
to put up- pull off.
I have an allergic reaction and it makes me look like I'm doing an insensitive face.
I don't know how that would work.
I don't know how things work either.
That's what's so fun about it.
Okay.
Well anyway, Marfus- wait, Darfus.
Marfus Darfus.
Right.
Right.
Classic character- a person.
Marfus Darfus is here.
I do consider myself a classic.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
You wanna talk about war?
Wow.
Okay, sure.
I'll talk about anything.
What's positive about war?
Let's keep it positive, though.
He's no grand man.
Oh, I wouldn't claim to be.
I don't know who that is, though.
You've met grand man.
Oh, uh-oh, I'm gonna be in trouble.
Original bin host?
I was either first one.
I don't- I think technically I would have been the first one.
Are you sure?
I don't have a great memory.
I don't really- tell me something I did.
And I probably did it.
Uh, I- I'm- that's okay.
I don't wanna- I don't wanna put words in your mouth.
Yeah.
I'd like to see how that works.
Okay, well we're getting- let's talk about something.
We- aren't we?
Okay, let's talk about the news more specifically.
Mmm, what- what's headline should I write?
Chat, what headline should I write?
Put your favorite headline in chat and I'll write it.
Oh, I think we're talking about the supposed continuing- the rolling ceasefire of that-
contains lots of fire.
So based on that suggestion, give me a headline.
Well, it probably should be about the thing we're talking- shh.
Sorry, I don't mean to be rude, but shh.
Thank you, I feel smooth.
Smooth.
That's the headline for the day.
Smooth.
Breaking.
Smooth.
Oh, I'll add silencio to it.
Smooth silencio.
That's not what we're talking about.
Oops, I accidentally wrote mooth.
Ahahaha.
Ahahaha.
Should we leave it?
It's a fun- it's a happy accident.
Are we talking about mooth?
Um, I don't know what that is.
Oh, then that's news.
I'll add war to it.
Does that help?
War.
Mooth silencio war?
What does that mean?
Nn-nn-nn.
Fine.
Good enough.
Uh, good enough.
Darfus.
You forget my name?
No, I just- I wasn't sure if you wanted to be called Marfus or Darfus.
Nn-nn-nn.
You, too?
I was about to say Marfus and I stopped myself.
Okay.
Ships are out.
Ships continue to exist.
But for how long?
A new report from the president suggests they could be- they could be coming extinct?
I have a- there's a story in front of you, so you could read that.
Right.
I thought I had to make it up and I was panicking.
Oh, guys.
That's an AI Rooney-type day.
That looks like a ghost ship.
It must be haunted.
Huh.
Play the music again.
Breaking news.
A ghost ship has entered the seas and it's haunted now.
Stop.
Just- there's a story.
It's right in front of you, Darfus.
US intercepts three Iranian oil tankers in Asian waters.
Are we allowed to say that water has a race?
That's- Asia is like a continent.
It's not just a race.
We can make a whole continent a race?
At least three oil tankers among vessels us has redirected.
We did it?
You and me?
US.
US.
Let's just- I'll read it.
I'll read it.
No, no, no, no.
You brought me here to use my words and I'll use them.
US has directed 29 vessels to turn around or return to port.
There's part of US blockade on Iran.
Straight-of-hormose traffic remains at a near standstill.
Is that bad?
Ooh, relationship status.
I'm gonna add that.
I like that.
How do I add that?
Is this too long now?
Oops.
I accidentally deleted it all so I'm just gonna change it to relationship status.
Mood war.
Oops, I wrote where.
War.
Is that good?
What does that mean?
I'm just vibing.
Is that a crime?
Because I will- guilty.
You're okay.
The US military has intercepted at least three Iranian flag tankers in Asian waters and is
redirecting them away from their positions near India, Malaysia, and Sri Lanka.
Who's he?
Sri Lanka.
Shipping and security sources told us that all of this happened and we believe them.
Washington has imposed a blockade on Iran's trade by sea while Iran has fired on ships to
prevent them sailing through the straight-of-hormose waterway at the entrance to the Middle East
Gulf.
Nearly two months after the US and Israel began their war on Iran, there is little sign
of peace talks resuming during an uneasy ceasefire.
Well, if they stop shooting them, that's peace.
We did it.
Play beautiful music.
No, that's angry.
Play beautiful music.
What the fuck is that?
Stop.
Play beautiful music.
Whose music is this?
Stop, that's Sammy's music.
He's missing in action.
We can't play it until he's back.
The Street of Hornu's?
Fromey Hors out there.
Let's get crazy.
Um, you bet I worked out all the kinks with Rooney this time, you know?
I did after the last time.
Try to make an adjustment.
I have no idea.
And it works technically.
Who's who are you talking to?
Chat.
To not my brother.
Who's my brother?
It's so fun.
There's little guys in here.
You know what?
Yes.
Wow.
Hello.
You didn't know that?
I don't know.
I just, I don't know.
You've been on the stream so many times.
I don't know.
Is Iran in there?
No.
I mean, I guess it's technically possible and Iranian could be watching, but it's
very unlikely.
My lack of international reach.
Hey, Darfus.
Oh, I'm Darfus.
Yes.
Oh my God.
The mighty Oz.
Oz is in there?
Does he know that he's a little man behind a curtain?
They're mostly bots, so yeah.
Okay.
They're mostly bots, Darfus, so don't even worry about it.
Canadians are watching me.
I love Canadians.
How many and when?
What did you see?
What did you see?
Currently.
Oh.
Which part of me?
The part on screen.
And what were we talking about before this?
The war in Iran.
Right.
The closure of the strait has disrupted supply of a fifth of the world's oil and gas supplies.
And it's caused a global energy crisis.
Energy is a choice, though.
And you have to bring energy to everything you do.
And it's a choice.
It's not always easy.
But I think we can get through this together if we maintain a healthy diet and we approach
things with intention.
So that's my advice.
You know, that's not the worst.
It's better than a lot of the things I've heard said about this war.
So you know what?
Fine.
Okay.
What else about this war?
One of the vessels was, it was Iranian flagged and it was a super tanker.
Wow.
That's good for it.
And the tracking transponder off the Malaysian coast, whatever, it did a thing and it shows
that it's been gotten.
Okay.
Well, look, to summarize, there seems to be an indeterminate ceasefire.
It's an extended ceasefire.
It extends to question marks.
And during this ceasefire, we will continue to blockade the strait of Hormuz, which
is also being blockaded by Iran.
And it will probably lead to some sort of energy crisis in the coming months over
the summer.
It'll be bad.
It'll be bad, Darfus.
Not everything's good, Darfus.
But there's got to be something good about it.
About the war and blockades.
No, just like about it.
Let's stay positive.
What's something you love about this?
Let's keep it positive.
What's something you love about this?
About the blockade and the war?
Just to keep it positive.
I like, I like this speedboat.
These two guys I think are, it's difficult to have male friendships nowadays that
looks like two guys.
So I would say one positive we can take out of this is potentially male speedboat
friendships are up because of those two guys.
As far as I can see, look, that is my, that is an opinion piece.
That's my opinion.
So I can't be sued for it, but I like it.
And what do you like?
Those Lego AI videos are at least fun.
They were fun for a minute and they're still fun.
And then they, and they're still making them.
The first one was fun and they're still making them.
That's your positive.
That's the most positive you can do.
That's the limit of my positivity.
I'm sorry.
Breaking sad man hates boat friendships.
I'm right here.
That hurt Starfus.
Whoa, look at your hair.
From far away, it looks so different.
Did you lose weight in the close up?
Marginally.
The Cache Patel one is good.
Yeah, we'll move on to the, we'll move on to the chat news.
The general war news, which you've probably already heard is that the ceasefire has been
extended after much, much consternation.
But what does that mean?
It means we're still in the waiting game of what will the United States, what shit
sandwich will we finally settle on eating?
When will we sneakily take a big bite out of this shit sandwich that is backing off
of this global disaster?
Or will we take a bite of an either bigger shit sandwich and do a ground invasion or worse?
That is still the question.
And what do you like about shit sandwiches?
Again, we're staying positive.
I guess the bread.
See now you're getting it.
All right.
And now on to the chat news.
Ooh, I should change the headline for the chat news.
Breaking.
Um, chat.
Give me what super favorite headline.
Chat news.
Muth.
Let's keep that as a holdover from the previous one.
Hmm.
Shit sandwich.
And maybe that's it.
I don't.
What are you looking for?
I'm just asking for a headline.
Ooh, I like that more.
New chat news.
Muth.
But we also not.
Um, and poetry.
Those are the, those are the big headlines for the day.
Oops.
Potatoes is a late arrival.
Let's get that in there too.
Oh, now it's too long.
So I have to cut down.
I have to, I have to abbreviate chat news to choose and will abbreviate Muth to Muth
and will abbreviate potatoes to big fry.
Isn't big fry just as much space as potatoes?
Ah, he, ah, it goes.
How come no one knows on this room what a, what a hego is?
Hmm.
Okay.
Uh, this is the chat news.
Oh, beautiful blonde woman learns to fly tonight at right now.
Um, no, that this is a wrestler.
Oh, I'm trying to go more of the pictures, but I guess there's words as well.
Sacked W.W.
Superstar reveals just how much money she makes from adult content.
Is it in here?
And can we guess?
Um, my guess is millions.
Shaggy175.
Thank you for the 42 months.
Yes.
Thank you.
Is this adult content?
What are we about to get into?
How much do you make?
Not that much.
Not as much as her.
I bet she's killing it.
Um, okay.
She's, she was a wrestler.
She giggle trash.
They give it the five community subs case.
You're making adult content numbers right now.
It's, it's because of that shining smooth face, face of yours.
Now you're understanding the positivity.
She's married to Tino Sabateli.
She transitioned her massive audience to OnlyFans where she charges $8 for subscriptions across
hundreds of posts.
Uh, speaking on her Power Elfahs podcast.
Yes, power!
And Elfahs?
I love Greek letters.
That's a Greek letter, right?
Elfah?
It's something, anyway, I love powerful Greeks is my point.
That's a great way to look at it, Darfahs.
Sure.
Um, anyway, within three months I got my earnings check and I was blown away because it was basically
what I made for WWE in a year.
How much do you think she made in a year?
Maybe she's making like $100,000.
She's got, I bet she's making more than $100,000 a month.
I mean, are they not going to tell us how much she actually makes?
As much as she made, what?
How much was it?
It doesn't actually give us the amount.
It said a million?
Sorry, I was trying to read the words between the words.
Oops, it did say the number.
It said it.
Do you think she could afford this speedboat?
Yes, I think she could.
Hmm.
Rather than returning to the ring, she learned, uh, leaned entirely into content creation
and the decision paid off immediately.
Fan time confirmed she earns a staggering $1 million by the end of the month following
her release.
That was after her release.
So it could be up or down since then.
Then is your only fan subscription and we appreciate that.
And you know, we might have to pivot to erotic content one of these days.
Who knows how bad the economy could get.
And then I will actually lose subscribers.
I'll be the first person to go full sex, fully nude and lose my limited support.
You're being mean to yourself.
Would I watch you have sex?
No, but that's because I'm allergic to sex.
Oh, I forgot.
In fact, let's not talk about it.
Uh, Bulgogi chat is saying two more years.
I don't even know what that is.
Maybe that's a new type of kink.
Shamrock brought the views.
Yeah.
As soon as the G4 relaunches failure can actually be tied.
The graph is tied fully to how much of my body I was showing at the time.
Yeah, I could gain that.
I could gain that old neighbor for sure.
Maybe she's watching right now.
Well anyway, sticking with sex news, I guess.
World's biggest condom maker set to raise prices due to a round war.
Oh no, you said it's an energy crisis.
And we won't even have the energy to use pro, to use provolac, provolactic.
So there's going to be a lot more babies.
I mean, yeah, condom prices go up.
People are probably even less likely to use them.
Um, okay.
But there, you know what?
This is like a blue sky post.
So we won't go further into that one.
You guys get it.
Prices are up.
Oil is required to make all sorts of things you wouldn't think of, including condoms.
This is great news for guys that want to make all sorts of excuses not to use condoms.
There's a whole story on jimmies.
Well, we might get there.
Why is this a screenshot of an article and not the article?
I don't know.
But the headline, I feel like, did cover it.
Everything is up.
Oh no.
What if everything is down so no one can wear a condom?
Because it's too limp?
Because you said the war is going to create all sorts of shortages so nothing will be up?
That's just stretch, Darfus.
No, the point is it won't stretch.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, next story.
The short and ridiculous trial of a protester arrested in an inflatable penis costume.
There's a lot of penis news.
And that's good.
The trial of Renee Gamble has been underway for almost two hours when Marcus McDowell,
the city's attorney of Fairhope, Alabama, Hope Flies, everyone, called a surprise witness.
I called the gentleman in the red shirt he said, leading towards a long-haired man.
It took a moment.
It was Gamble's husband, 63-year-old Larry Fletcher.
Uh, Fletcher, sorry.
Gamble's defense attorney objected.
He'd received no advance notice, but Fletcher shrugged and made his way forward.
Fletcher was with his wife when she was arrested at a No King's protest in October of last
year.
She was wearing a seven-foot tall inflatable penis costume and holding signs that read
No Dictator.
What?
Thinking about it?
What does it mean?
I got nothing.
Dick?
Tater?
Hmm.
Okay.
Anyway, she was given the death penalty.
No, no, no, she wasn't.
Oh, she wasn't.
Thank God I was worried.
The trial is ongoing, I guess.
Or not.
Uh, wait, she looks like she's celebrating in this picture.
So we'll guess based on the picture that she's fine.
Okay, or I'll scroll to the bottom, I guess.
It's too long.
We can't.
We can't.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Whatever comes next, this is the closing moments of the story.
We skipped all the way to the end.
Whatever comes next, the dean made it clear that her mother was luckier than most.
What would have happened if she was a young black man, she asked?
What would have happened if she was a middle-aged Latina woman?
In Baldwin County, where indivisible activists are focused on supporting immigrants targeted
by U.S. immigration and customs enforcement?
People's prosecution has been a lesson unto itself.
Think of the black men in Latinas and their giant penis costumes.
I'm sure she's got a point.
It's a fair point that she gets to make because of the penis costume attracting coverage to
this story.
Equated.
This is as many words as the Resident Evil game.
Yes, our strength on this stream is not reading, so what can we do?
We have to just... we can't overtext the brains of our poor correspondents.
No black women?
Not in the penis costume, but they do still exist, don't worry.
Thanks for clarifying.
Only in California, $135 Mega Mansion vs. 27K Desert Shack.
Okay.
Here's the Desert Shack.
It's $28,000, roughly.
It's got zero beds and zero baths, but it's 700 square feet on five acres.
And then here's the $1,000,000 home.
What is the... what... are they the same place?
But a spell was cast on the shack to make you think that it's gross.
But if you fall in love with the shack, then it'll turn back into the mansion.
Um, yes, that is exactly what's happening in this story.
Hmm.
Most expensive vs. least expensive home.
27K for the land itself.
Not bad.
Maybe. Or terrible.
I don't know. I've seen all the house prices in LA.
The thing that blows my mind in LA is that the most normal house you've ever seen
cost $2.5 million.
You know, just like a thing that when I was growing up was like a $40,000 starter home
in Los Angeles is a multi-million dollar home.
A starter home in Roanoke, Virginia.
But I guess that's a preview of the future everywhere.
City of LaVenya, yeah, exactly.
Uh, okay.
Continuing.
Continue.
Let me close some things so this computer doesn't freak out.
One of India's holiest temples makes it mandatory for visitors to drink cow urine.
Case, you love piss. This is right up your alley.
I don't love piss.
But so much of this stream I've heard is about piss.
So you guess you really like it?
You've heard wrong. It's not my fault that it's all about piss.
Interesting. Interesting that it's not Case's fault.
People visiting one of the holiest Hindu temples in India's Himalayan mountains must consume cow urine.
Okay.
But why, some might ask.
Mmm.
It's compulsory for every visitor to consume
Pank...
Pankshgavya.
Sorry to the practitioners of cow urine.
I don't know how to pronounce that.
A ritual concoction made from five cow-derived products, milk, curd, ghee, honey, and cow urine.
The idea, according to the committee overseeing the shrine, is to keep out non-believers.
Makes sense, actually.
Yeah, you know?
It's a great way to suss out the fakes.
To be like, if you really believe,
shug this piss drink.
See, it's a little bit of like five-year-old logic.
But...
Five-year-old logic sometimes is airtight.
Nature Festival urges attendees to dress appropriately after being mistaken for nudist event.
Well, she's wearing jeans.
So...
Wear jeans, and that's all.
Yes, be sure to show up to all your festivals and dress jeans.
I think that's fair.
Moose snaps outside Montana Radio station.
The moose.
It's not napping.
It's very active.
I've been lied to. There's no napping moose.
It probably napped later, Darfus.
The important thing is that these stories almost always have a Ben Hooper video at the bottom.
Yeah, they do.
I'm Ben Hooper, and this is your UPI alt news minute for Tuesday, April 21st, 2026.
An Indiana woman is searching for her doppelganger after she was flagged by facial recognition software
while renewing her driver's license.
Anderson resident Erica Brown said she was renewing her license at the Bureau of Motor Vehicles
when the software indicated there could be fraud at play.
She was contacted by a fraud and security enforcement investigator who requested evidence
of her identity before her new license could be issued.
The officer showed Brown two side-by-side photos.
Her driver's license photo, and that of another Indiana woman who is the same age,
but has a different name and address.
Brown said the resemblance was uncanny.
She told WXINTV,
What are the odds that we look so similar, live in the same place, and have never crossed paths?
I'm an only child, so no one really looks like me.
Seeing someone who looks so much like me was really strange and bizarre.
No one had ever told me you look like so-and-so.
Brown's new license was finally issued after three months, but she is now trying to
find her look-alike by posting daily TikTok videos with updates on her search.
Wow, can you imagine that happening to you that there's a guy that looks just like you?
No. Can you imagine that case? I can't. Nope.
That'd be hard because I like- I have a very unique face.
Yeah, you know that's true.
Ben Hooper is so good. He really is. He's the best.
He's the best. He can make any story work, even if it's a little confusing.
Uh, okay. And I think we're caught up.
I think we're caught- oh wait, there's one more story.
Oh wait, that's the condom story.
Here's a men's journal story. Oh, Prego story.
Okay, there's a couple more in here.
I don't want to miss this Prego story.
I haven't sleazy fondness of Prego story, and I'm not going to click on it.
I'm going to click on it.
Oh, there's a coca- there's some cocaine bass. I missed a bunch.
Okay, that's- that's all of them. There we go.
You're now watching an armless drummer on TikTok?
Are they using spirit arms? Probably their- their feet.
The spirit of their arms are in their feet.
Or whatever. I don't want to actually assume.
Elizabeth Smart makes wild pivot into competitive bodybuilding.
Wait, who's this? Is this Elizabeth? They look great.
No, that's the author.
Who's Elizabeth Smart?
Um, that sounds familiar.
Oh my gosh. Sorry, I have to turn off my adblocker even though it's always off.
What? There we go.
Kidnapped? Um, oh my god, I hate this website.
Okay, there we go.
There's so many things to look at on this screen.
The amount of pop-ups I closed.
Well, gotta go away from that was insane, and then there were still more.
Um, okay, yes.
She was kid- she was kidnapping- she was a kidnapping victim.
Wait, why is it a wild pivot in a bodybuilding?
Because before her job was being kidnapped, case.
And usually, if you have a huge body, nothing bad happens to you.
Well, anyway, I guess it's a wild pivot.
Elizabeth Smart revealed she competed in four bodybuilding competitions,
and she initially feared bodybuilding might hurt her advocacy- advocacy work, but now embraces it.
Okay. Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa! More smooth. Very, very smooth, also sharp.
That's my favorite combo. Sometimes it's smooth, sometimes it's sharp.
The magic of the human body.
Truly, well said, Marfa Starfus.
Thank you for saying my full name.
It is very funny to me that they're like, wild pivot for girl who should just be kidnapped.
That's not what they said. You're reading into it too much.
They're celebrating her wildness, case.
Just like we're celebrating Prego. Today is National Prego Day.
That's not what the story says, but I've declared it.
Sauce Company Prego revealed $20 device that records family conversations during meals.
Great! See, you'll never miss another conversation with your family that you had.
You'll never miss it in the literal sense,
because you still have it forever in your Prego can.
What? I'm so confused by this.
Hold. They're gonna make sense of it. Don't worry.
Prego has revealed a new limited edition product designed to capture family conversations at the
dinner table. Some would call that a phone. Yeah, but you don't want your phone at the dinner
table, and now you're getting it, case. The brand is partnered with StoryCorps to introduce the
Connection Keeper Bundle, a $20 package designed to help families record and revisit real-life
moments shared over meals. The bundle will be available starting April 27th.
This isn't an ad. This isn't from... This is family information.
Like a recorder? No. Like a Prego. It's like a Prego meme. Like a Prego.
Do you really... Because you... Do you want it to go to the store twice?
Do you want it to go to Radio Shack and the Prego store?
I don't think either of those stores exists anymore or ever in one case.
I guess I'm from a different part of the country. We've got Prego stores everywhere.
The centerpiece of the bundle is the Connection Keeper, a screen-free recording device built to
capture conversations during meals without the distraction of phones or apps so that you
can actually be a family instead of being... Beating a family?
What? I don't know. I was trying to make it a saying, but I couldn't get there.
The point is, your salsa now comes with recording. Your salsa. That's Italian for spaghetti.
One more story, Marfis Darfus. Just one more. We're so close.
Cocaine pollution in rivers and lakes may disrupt behavior of salmon, study finds. Fish swim
further and disperse more widely after exposure to environmental levels of drug and main
metabolite. Metabalite? Is that like a light beer? Yes. Great.
Traces of cocaine that pollute rivers and lakes may accumulate in the brains of salmon
and disrupt their behavior according to researchers who warn of it unknown consequences
for fish populations. And they're going to be like,
a way to... What does cocaine do again? Because re-energy makes you talkative.
Makes you have sex for way too long, but not in like that good of a way.
How do you know all this? Okay. Cocaine sounds great. Oh. Is it good?
Cocaine is actually not one of the... It's not a case black will approve drug.
Sorry, everyone. I'm not a coke guy. Really? Because you seem so.
You seem like you'd have sex for a while, but it wouldn't be good. Oh, thanks.
Mm-hmm. You might have to try some.
I just mean, if I was to do the tears of drugs, for me, cocaine is not an S-tier drug,
but it is a traditionally very S-tier drug for a lot of people. So,
different drugs for different people. I'd say it's the most American drug.
It embodies the American spirit more fully than many other drugs.
What are the case approved drugs?
Um, the crunchy granola ones, except we... The most crunchy granola one that, which I can't do.
Get some crackhead, yogi bear. Crack is also not a case black will approve drug. Wow.
You're so judgmental. Grape not cereal.
Caffeine is gotta be... Maybe caffeine is the most American drug.
But what is coke if not just more extreme caffeine? I think it's coke.
Liven's Leasy has a good list here, which I can't support on Twitch, maybe?
I don't know what the rules are with drugs. All I'm saying is never do them ever.
Mm. And I never have. Right. And nobody does. Mm. Yeah. Correct.
Okay. Darfus, honestly, you read the news a lot faster than most. You're our best correspondent.
Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Keep it positive.
Everyone is our best correspondent, but I do thank you for being the best.
Um, not natural plans. We can do, you know what, if Casim weren't sober, I'd say
the case is drug tier list could be more of a Patreon content type thing.
I don't know. Are there any rules on Twitch against being like
hypothetically mushrooms are good? I guess you could just say mushrooms are good,
because what is that? Mushrooms are a huge category. So anyway, mushrooms are good,
is all I'm saying. Don't let no doctor tell you what medication to take.
Mm. Mm. David was basically like, what?
Google goblin? I never know. Mushrooms on pizza is good. That's also true. See,
there's a lot of ways you can say it. Um, all right.
Let's move on. It looks like we have a how to. Gotta go to the movies. And we even have to hang
out with AI Rooney, as well as go amongst the web. Let's get some movies out of the way. We
haven't done that in a minute. It's time for Trent at the movies. Yes, that's right. You're here with
totally different guy who's young. It's your boy Trent. Pretty much show up when I feel like it
at this point. You were, they asked you got called in. Yeah, when I feel like it.
So that about that. I mean, we just haven't done trailers in a while, not because nobody's been
calling from my ass, but because I'm just like, I kind of move at my own pace. Right.
Rep Matt tattoo can be written off as an expense. I think that's actually technically true.
Anything case does on this stream.
Hey, there's probably an argument for it to be written off on his taxes.
Did he do that? My guess is no. Is it possible he could do that?
If you weren't so lazy. Can I write off things on my taxes? Aren't you a dependent?
Cause you're so young, of course, but also I'm an adult in spirit. So the federal government's
always trying to tax my ass. There's a Clayface trailer. There's also a Bugs Bunny All Star
cartoon review. Let's start with Clayface. Like Batman Clayface. I think you're only allowed to make
movies that are Batman. So my guess is it's Batman related. Pretty much every movie last
25 years is Batman related. What about the DC, what about the non DC movies? Now he's like in,
he's in the universe though. I'm pretty much, I think it's Hollywood law that Batman has to at
least be referenced in every movie. I think you need to expand the movies you watch, young blood.
Yeah. No matter how far expand, they're all set within the Batman universe. Anyway, here's
Clayface. He looks all right. Oh, he got his face cut off. Uh, sure. Yeah, I think that's in the,
in the, in the Joker, in the Joker universe, actually, now that I think about it, where Batman
is a baby. That's in the Batman baby universe with the Joker. Well, hey, he's a disturbing
character if seen through to its logical extents. So maybe it'll be great because his fate,
the thing is, it's about beauty and stuff and, and image and stuff. Right. So there's a lot of
stuff there. And also though, what if you, what if you were made out of clay? Isn't clay kind of hard?
Because I got like clay pots are like hard, right? If it's baked clay, well, is he baked clay?
Because I have a friend named Clay who's baked, you know what I mean? You know,
oh, I'm your parole officer. I said my friend, dude, come on. I can't. All right, whatever.
Speed demon, the death of Robin Hood, what? He died? Fuck. Even the financial app?
Um, okay, wait, somebody requested Evil Dead or something. So let's make sure we watch that.
How did vampire something Evil Dead burn? Okay. Burn? Evil Dead burn?
People have been waiting for a while for the Evil Dead to burn.
Okay, oh, do you verse. Hack me? We can do that as well. We'll do that next. But first we got
to burn the dead or eat. We're burning something. Oops. Oh, wait, let me go back. It's already
started. Once that you're missing all the logos and you need to see those. It's got a nice high
tone. I like that. People are having trouble walking. Oh no. She should really try walking
or running. Oh, she made it. She's fine. I'd say you missed the stinger there, but you didn't.
Oh, I forgot to do the star thing. Sorry. Make this a combined rating for both Clayface and the Evil
Dead. They both take place in the Batman universe. So it's fair to combine them. They don't, they
don't, but, but we forgot to hit the button. So that's fine. How good? I guess she's invincible.
I guess if you crawl, actually, I was wrong. If you crawl on the ground,
none of the monsters even notice you. They kind of smell around. She was, she was doing stealth.
Her stealth value is extremely high. She maxed out stealth so hard in her build that she can
just walk through town and nobody notices she's there, which is smart to do when you're in a
horror movie. The combined rating is 2.58. And that means either film could have been a five
and the other one is zero because it's right in the middle.
You hope she couldn't use her legs for some reason. You hope that? That's dark, man, because
what she wants to use it. I think they're saying to justify the lack of leg use.
Okay, that does make sense. Somebody wanted Bugs Bunny or something?
Um, wait, are there multiple Bugs Bunny trailers in here? Coyote vs. Acme. Okay, there we go.
Uh, is this the one that, does it sometimes, a Looney Tunes thing, they got canceled?
Because everything is canceled. No, cancel culture is really wild. That's not, no. I don't even
think, what? What are you even talking about? I don't feel like something. Yeah, is this the
one that got canceled and then I got saved? They saved it. Okay, yeah. So this has been
saved from cancel culture. No, from predatory financial, financialization of everything.
Cancel culture. Anyway, it's Coyote vs. Acme,
verse whatever company didn't want to put this out, but now they have to.
He died again.
Wily Coyote. He is reckless. We all know who's responsible and all of his injuries are self-inflicted.
They acme cases for years. They could probably get you 250 bucks for that. This is your opportunity
to really show people what you're capable of. These companies think they can do whatever they
want. We're sick of it. Acme, Acu. Nothing is here. We really have nothing.
We both know it would be very unpleasant if anything bigger were to become public.
Country lawyer.
Acme corporation is releasing this film for account purposes only. We do not con-
I killed, I cut off their last joke, but it's about how a whole fucking system was against
them, but they would not take no for an answer. And they changed the whole cartoon game. I mean,
it's nice that they are actually putting this movie out that they clearly had to spend a fair amount
of money on a hired John Cena and a bunch of, you know, pretty well-known comedy actors.
No Lola Bunny. Maybe that was Lola Bunny at the end. Maybe Lola Bunny has Bugs Bunny's voice
now, but still a hot fucking body. I'm pretty sure that was Bugs at the end. Who's a silhouette
so we don't know? Could be Lola Bunny. There was a request for one more Looney Tunes
Draller from Gunshade the first. Yeah, looks good. I think it does look good. I'm glad that they
didn't completely abandon it for seemingly no reason. Well, the reason was somehow taxes.
Somehow tax- it was the plot of the movie, the producers, but you know, the
mad libs so that some of the nouns are switched around. Okay, well you've seen
Modern Bugs Bunny, but what about Past Bugs Bunny? It's the best intro you've ever done.
Thank you. I was- I really think about it. Well, the reason was the Saudis. Okay. Wait,
this is a whole thing. Oh, it's not. This is a trailer. I'm so confused. Trailers weren't always
what they are today. They used to be classic and structured. Like a PowerPoint presentation
to get you hyped for the future of entertainment. Oh, shit. They fucked that guy up. Yeah, they had to
get rid of Epstein Skunk. Look, I get it. It's a classic. It's like it was hand drawn by like
skeletons or something because that's how you had to do in the 50s. Close enough, I guess.
But I don't like how they play my boy Daffy Duck. They're always shitting on fucking Daffy
Duck and twisting up his bill. And he's cooler than Bugs. Okay, it's just fucked. They don't treat
him with respect, but he's a valid duck. But he's treated like a butt of a joke.
It's all jokes. It's all- How come Bugs in his cartoon, he gets to be the hero,
but Daffy Duck always gets fucked up? How is that fair? I just- I take-
Who cares? That's exactly the energy that leaves Daffy Duck in such compromising positions.
I just want justice for Daffy. It's the most important thing I've ever grandstanded about.
And it makes- I guess so emotional talking about it, I have to move on. But Daffy Duck,
he gets fucked up. He gets his bill spun around. He's fallen down holes and shit,
even though he's supposed to be the hero of the story, like Bugs? Yeah, that's why it's funny.
No! No, you're- everyone else is wrong. Okay, well, uh,
Trent's really upset about this, so I guess that's it for today. That's it. We have to stop there.
I'm too upset. Too upset about how this is gone. And also now we have to watch internet videos
because of the webs, which we now must- we have no choice but to go amongst.
Sorry, you know what it is. Yeah, that's right. It's me. A different guy than the last guy.
Back to back always with these two. These two were different individuals.
I burped, for instance. I'm the loosest hell with my body. Because I can be, because I'm an adult.
As an adult, you're down to be loose as an adult. Um, anyway, it's a chat. Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, you got it. Yeah, I'm showing off for the audience today. I look good.
I'm glad you're feeling yourself. It's important as a man to feel yourself.
The epidemic of loneliness starts in here, but you're never lonely if you respect yourself.
That's- wow, that's beautiful chat. Thank you. Thank you so much. You're also never lonely
if you watch videos on the internet. Uh, huh? Look, case? Shhh. Spreading wisdom today.
Uh, do you vol- why are you touching my hand? What? What's happening?
Sorry, I thought you looked lonely. I'm not. I just explained why.
You can share videos at the cream.team in the bin section in the amongst the web section.
It's a series of sections, each more fascinating than the last.
And there you have shared these videos, onto which now I inflict upon you the audience starting
with this one. What? What did that do? What? Oh, shots. Sorry, I was so distracted by the
other action. I didn't even- let's see it one more time. That's just the best way to do that.
It is case. She could bang on the table with her hand if she wanted to do it wrong.
Respect. This is proper form. You w- I w- uh, you wake up the sakebombs?
Sakebombs case. And yes. There was never a need for this? You're wrong. Sorry. I
hate to fight chat, but you're wrong. She nailed it. I mean, you know, there's a bit of a
mess, but you don't do sakebombs if you want to be clean. It seems like it's about right.
Okay, now speaking of male friendships, look at these two guys.
So I just uncork it, roll over, and I can piss right into the tank that's hidden underneath?
That's right, Scott. Just like any other piss mattress system. But what sets the piss mattress
pro apart is its proprietary 30 gallon piss tank. That's more than double the volume of any of
our competition. Tired of constantly emptying your piss mattress? Upgrade to the piss mattress pro
with a 30 gallon tank. You can let it sit for months. Order today and receive a free year of our
odor protection plan, which delivers coverup spray right to your door. So we're trying the odor
coverup spray here because our tank here on set is about a quarter full and it is starting to
smell. That's right, Scott. Our developers recommend that you spray this for about 10 to
20 minutes every couple of hours. I mean, it's amazing. I barely smelled a piss. Never get out
of bed to pee again with the piss mattress pro. I'm glad to see other people making piss-related
sketch content in apartments. It's always spent my 20s. I know case. No lie there. Yeah, I know.
Yeah, that's an easy 10. The product is a 10. The video a 10. The gallons 30 actually.
People would use that. I think people already do. People already piss in their mattresses.
They don't have a hole for it. They're just pissing on their mattress.
The mattress can store many gallons of piss before it's fully soaked.
Why do you know this? It's just simple physox case. I am a skytentist. Don't forget.
A really, really fast horse? Don't have to ask me to watch a video twice.
Guys, check this shit out. It's two minutes long. It's three minutes long, actually.
But it's about a really fast horse. So we might have to watch the whole thing because I do like that.
At Churchill Downs after a rainy night, but as they say, nothing can dampen the enthusiasm of the great Kentucky Derby.
Yep. 86th run for the roses. As many expected, the pace setter is bally-ape number two.
Favored topion challenges, but a long shot. Henry Jad is second.
The Kentucky Derby is an annual grade one straight stakes race held in the New
East Hill, Kentucky, where three-year-old thoroughbeds compete over a distance of 2,000 meters.
Starbreaker is an exceptionally skilled racer, having recorded an impressive 201 in the 1967
Kentucky Derby in which it plays second. Five years after the race, however, the
horse abruptly accelerated to approximately 320 miles per hour? Whoa. That is pretty fast.
That's pretty fast. There's the proof. Oh no. It's the price of excellence, unfortunately.
I'll turn this down slightly. Starbreaker tore through the town of Winchester, Kentucky,
causing an estimated $30 million in damages. The horse was ultimately
calmed by the intervention of an unidentified African-American male in his late 50s, believed
to be its owner who subdued it by shouting, whoa boy. Following the incident, the SCP Foundation
was alerted with the man's consent. The custody of the horse was transferred to SCP...
It's an SCP thing. Thank God they took care of it. It's been entered in the Derby Race five years
in secure... what? Uh... It's being relocated to summarize this.
Do you want me to put that back in the MTCTV location or do you want me to keep it in
Columbus? Oh no.
Oh no. Is he okay up there? Is he all right up there?
It's 10 leggers from our solar system. It's still running. Space horse. That was a beautiful story.
I just love athletes. Put it on treadmill, infinite energy. SCP never thinks of that kind of thing.
They're like, wha? What if we just feed it a bunch of inmates?
What if we take this thing that can teleport and just feed it 10 or 12 inmates every month?
That's more SCP protocol, unfortunately. But I'm in support of our very fast horse.
Did he die though? No, he's turning. He's just turning.
A rare SCP video in amongst the web. You know what? You do love to see it.
And now we get to see this.
Mother athletes. He's like one of those speed runners, beating the game blindfolded.
But pizza? I like that. That's some pretty good skills. I can't do that.
I can't do that not blindfolded. Obviously, case.
Ah, shut up. Oh, sorry. Shut up. He's making pizza for the Noid Pizza Eating Contest?
Oh man, he'll be there forever. Man, that game is insane. The Noid?
He's gonna get handle of pizza eating. No, Brendan couldn't handle the pizza eating contest.
I just was watching, obviously. But I'm getting flashbacks to how upsetting the Noid Pizza Eating
Contest is. Look, some people might not know what you're talking about. Everybody knows what
I'm talking about. We all know that it's unfair. Maybe some people won't be fans. It's
insane. My point is it's insane. Hide your Noid, hide your pizzas. Just don't play the Noid, the Noid
Game. You really do need to avoid the Noids. I'm not afraid of the Noids. Chet, you don't want to
play the Noid Game. I won't. You are correct. It's just because I'm busy. I'm not afraid of it.
I don't fear it. I am scared of this next video because it's got a spooky
nun, which is one of my, which is the allowed fears to have as a man. You're allowed to be
afraid of a nun as a man that no one can call you, you know, anyway. So I am spooked, but it's allowed.
It's so scary. It is scary. Oh, she bleeding. What? So it's really loud on my end. I'm turning
this shit down before I get jump scared. Is this salt? No, I've been jump scared. Oh,
shit. They got me in the end. I was fully jump scared. Dang it. I jumped out of my seat.
Chet, you barely reacted. Got jump scared hard though. I reacted. I was so jump scared. I didn't
even have time to react. Nuns. Scary. You know what you're right. It was,
you know that there's a skeleton in there? And where? Inside every nun, there's a spooky skeleton
inside every person, but in a nun too. Isn't that terrifying to consider that not only is it
a spooky nun, but there's a spooky skeleton in the nun? That's true. That's just humans.
You're not getting it dude. It is fucking scary. Let's do two more. That's all I can handle. I'm
very, I'm unsettled by what we have seen. All right, let's see what these guys are doing.
This looks like more athleticism. Today's about athletes. That was so slow. Oh, what the fuck?
How come that guy is so good at sir? I guess that is what peak male performance
consistently looks like. It's not even a sleeper build. It's like a next level build. He's achieved
some form of nirvana with his ability to do things. Yeah. 500, the nirvana 500 takes. I think he
does in one take. I'm convinced the level of confidence, as long as you believe I do case
that guy is all about that. He does stuff and it's sometimes it's penis related, which is makes it even
better. I just, I'm jealous. Okay. I'm admitting it. I'm jealous. One more. I need one. I need to calm
down. I'm still so upset about that nun. That spooky skeleton nun. There wasn't, she was painted white
the color of a skelly. That is true. Oh, don't even say it.
Um, all right. Cyclo shared this one for us.
It's a guy rocking out. Let's end with a little bit of music, possibly. Maybe that's what this is.
Oh no, rated as I play it. I hit the wrong button.
He gave me such a sexy look. God damn, I can't handle this.
Fuck, my emotions are all over the place. I'm ping pong in case. It was too much
excellence after that spooky nun. Chat, this has been too much to it for you. It's been a feast
for the senses. It really has. I've felt every emotion, fear, horny, the two emotions on the emotion
is lying. Fear and horny. Those are the two feelings. Everything else is just a
shade of scared and horny. Bricked up from Sonic or the nun. That's the thing is after
while you can't even tell the secret is it, it, the line curves back. Oh, it's a circle. Actually,
it's what they don't tell you. It is guys. I can say that because I'm a skytist.
Am I doing skytist sitting? We'll save it for when someone says it by accident soon.
That's good because I didn't do my homework. You don't have homework. I don't?
I'm fucking free for the rest of the night if anybody wants to like hang out behind the denies.
I don't have homework. Congrats. Thank you. It's big. That's great news.
All right, let's send it to how to and then it's time for I'll be back actually for more
skiantific AI action today. This was just a preview. I've repaired a irony and he will be closing out
the stream. But for now, it's trying to learn how to do things with my good friend, Jeb Noggett.
I guess that's right. I have friends case. Fake Jeb.
Still after all these years or less than a year.
Look, it's me guys. It's me. It's Jeb Noggett. They were going to be learning how to do things
together. That's my daddy's. That's my daddy's. Daddy's in the wood. Yes, I'm here. I'm fucking here.
Everybody's on edge. Everybody's on edge from that spooky non apparently. No, it's because I've been
trapped in the wood for like two years. Two years.
How long has it been? Daddy, don't worry about it. We're learning how to do things.
Maybe we'll learn how to improve your attitude finally today.
Shoot. What happened to my my discord's acting up? Join a server. Create a server.
You can send me how to's in the how to section of the discord.
See how easy that is? That's all you got to say, case.
Looks like we've gotten a couple today. How to cook ramen with gun Mario.
I think we've actually watched that one on a previous stream, the ramen gun, gun Mario.
But we'll come back to it if there aren't any non gun mario.
Why don't you want to watch gun Mario? I think we literally watched that one
unless I'm mistaken. Usually, he's cooking things. It's just him kind of putting stuff
in a microwave. But we can, I don't know, we guess we can.
Anyway, this is this is let's watch something more reasonable like seeing how far I can push my
sweet and savory taste buds or how to do that. This is my savory tanghulu with pizza, bacon,
and spam. Savory tanghulu. I want to start off by saying this is for me, not for you.
So I don't want to hear it. I've been wanting to do this for a really long time and I just
want to live up my dream. I love anything sweet and savory just because I have a sweet
tooth and I could make justification for any type of food combination. I have the domino product
because God knows I love dominoes and this is kind of like hot honey pizza, like sticky soy
glazed hot honey pizza, chocolate covered potato chips and literally candied bacon.
Honestly, I have high hopes for all of them. I'm just going to air fry both the spam and the
bacon and then the sugar mixture is just two parts sugar and one part water. I think it's
getting ready and this is my lineup. I'm a little nervous but I think I'm ready.
Okay.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And then in, this feels so wrong. Guys, hide this from Kendall. Don't let Kendall see this.
Get the shine on these.
Cheers. No. Oh, she said she doesn't want to hear it though. Bacon.
I like candied bacon. I like this one. Spam.
Oh, it's all the same crunch.
It's a really fun texture. I like this spam more than I thought it would.
What about the other ones? Do you like them less?
I feel like I'm going to get canceled for this but ranch.
Wait, what?
And just for the ranch.
Why? No.
Why do I like that?
A little more ranch.
Yes. Why?
I kind of messed up the potato chips but.
Well, that's just, oh, she glazed the potato chips.
It's a little too sweet but I just love pizza and sweets.
I never mind. It actually looks pretty good.
What? She won me over at the end. It looks kind of good because of the crunch.
It's like a sweet potato chip filled with every food.
I bet Jet could make it taste good.
Obviously, Jet has made it taste good.
Yes, obviously.
He opened a restaurant where everything was candied and it was a huge hit.
Yes, we all know that, dad.
I can see that.
Oh, Mr. President.
Listen up, Jack.
Cardkeena and Just Mama Jam 300, shiny, tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Yes.
In shepherds we shall be for thee, my lord,
for thee, power hath descended forth from thy hand.
Our feet may swiftly carry out thy commands.
So we shall flow river forth to thee,
ye men with souls shall it ever be.
It's beautiful.
You don't want to say the end of that whole quote because
it goes downhill from there.
It does?
Thank you, Card King, for giving the President time to offer us this daily prayer.
We did need it at that time.
At that time we did, in fact, need it starting a punk band.
I've always thought about doing this since when?
And I clicked on this video and then I thought,
I've always thought that.
You mean since right now?
Yeah, but I feel like I've always thought that,
actually, now that I've clicked on this video.
Anyway, here's this lady and just how to start a punk band.
Have they taken classes before?
So quiet.
This might be it.
The most punk rock-
Look, you have on.
Got dumped again.
I am so sorry.
I get dumped all the time.
The most punk rock thing here is double time.
You want to call it?
I think I'm going to start a band.
A band?
Yeah, like a punk band or whatever.
I mean, you guys can join.
Can I finish coloring first?
Yes.
A band?
Yeah.
I'm almost done.
Can you even play any instruments?
No, I don't need to-
See how punk rock it is now?
I'm not very good at singing.
At punk singing?
Yes, I am.
Punk singing?
Cherry bomb!
Oh yeah, the fridge door opened.
Oh, because it's bad.
Wait, this isn't how to do this.
I need advice.
I need practical advice.
That was beautiful.
Yeah, just like I came up with.
Can you-
Good night, Brooklyn!
Good night!
They started it.
The point is they started it.
You skipped through it all.
Look, I was waiting for them to tell me how to do it,
and I sensed they wouldn't.
And so I bailed.
How dare you?
All right, you'll look.
Okay?
Okay?
Look.
Okay?
It's a skit.
But it's-
I learned how to do.
We don't mock how to do.
We do.
What?
I don't have time for skits.
I have to learn.
Okay.
Jet would have never-
He might have.
He would have respectfully watched the whole video,
and he would have found something to like about it.
That's true.
He would have-
Look, I'm my own man.
A worse.
A worse man?
Yes, obviously.
That may be true.
We don't have to say it.
Look, here's how to watch walking in six inch heels.
Okay?
This is six minutes long.
Okay, we're gonna double time this one too.
That's crazy.
It's gonna take me six minutes to learn how to walk in heels.
That can't be right.
I'm very familiar with how long six inches is.
It's a little right up first.
Oh, she's longer.
Because you're gonna be with the back of your foot there.
You can always start with the wedge if you can find any that are that tall.
I know I have them.
They're really cute.
They're cork.
Also, you want to have your ankle supported again if you're new to the world of these super
high heels because that's going to provide your ankle and your foot with more stability.
Okay, how do we do it though?
You can mind when you're buying shoes what events you're going to be wearing them to.
If you're going somewhere that has a really nice cobblestone pathway or cracks in the
cement or grass because you're going to like a barbecue or a bridal shower or baby shower.
Keep in mind that you don't want to have super tall sand heels on those types of
grounds because that's just going to like be recipe for disaster and you're going to end
up sinking in the grass or you're just going to end up putting your ankle and probably
hurting yourself pretty bad.
Plus, you know, your ego a little bit.
So stay tuned.
I have a ton of great tips for you and I hope that you're excited to learn.
I don't know if Kendall does.
The first step is to put your heels on.
Make sure you do this.
I'll say big flat feet.
We're in my club where we're notorious for trying to do this because we're always
trying to break them.
But it's actually really bad for your knees and ankles and it's very likely that
you will fall over.
Next, stand up carefully and find your footing.
It may help to move your feet around shifting the weight slowly to understand
how these heels fit and how they feel.
Once you feel comfortable, you'll be trying to take the very first step.
Yay.
So if you're really nervous about taking your first steps, use a handrail,
a counter or something to support you carefully and slowly from heel to toe as
you move your feet and heels.
What you will notice is that your steps will be shorter.
This is because the heel reaches the ground quicker than a shorter heel width.
Do this for a bit, making sure you feel comfortable.
If your shoes do not feel comfortable, if they hurt, if you feel like your foot
is slipping, go ahead and add some proper support in the heels.
Like insoles, pads, band-aids, some girls like to add deodorant to the top of
their foot to give a little bit of a flip.
Anything to prevent blistering and pain.
Do not try to stomp or go faster than what feels comfortable.
This will only make your feet sore or likely that you will fall and get an
injury. This is no fun.
Now time to practice walking upstairs.
You will definitely want to hold on to it.
Don't do it.
In any heels, it is important to hold your mailing to ensure that you can
tap yourself in case you lose your footing.
The last thing that you want to be is falling head over heels the wrong way
downstairs. When walking up the stairs, you'll want to
lift your heels in case they're flat, making sure that your toe has good
contact with the stair in front of you.
You will need to lift with your glutes and your body in general, focus on the
way that your body is carrying your weight and not so much the heels.
And do this at a speed that's comfortable. Go ahead and practice that for a bit.
Next, we will practice going downstairs. This is different from going upstairs
because now you'll go heel a toe.
Because you're going down?
Because you're going down a level close to going flat.
What I mean by this is not so much movement as it is walking,
but not completely flat like going up the stairs.
God, I'm a pro now. I can do it easily.
You've never even worn heels. You don't know that, daddy.
I'm comfortable in my sexuality. I could wear anything.
Men can wear heels. That wasn't my argument. I'm saying you've never worn them.
I can't break Kendall's heels. I have huge, flat feet that are rigid.
They'll snap the heel. They'll contort the sole.
My feet don't bend. You don't understand.
I mean, I get it based on what you said.
I have hoops. Basically, I have the human version of hoops.
I'm willing to admit that. They're slightly more hoove than foot.
But that's valid. Valid? It's valid to have hoops.
That's valid. Gosh, well, we learned a lot today.
Look, okay, no one can deny we learned a lot.
I get a lot of fun doing it. I had a lot of fun with each and every one of you.
But I got to go construct. I got to go remeasure six inches.
Because I don't feel like maybe my ruler's been lying to me.
You ever get that feeling?
What? That your ruler's lying to you?
No. Okay. Well, anyway, it's time for a robot to say things.
Which you could say is a new trick. But actually, the thing about...
Look, whatever. You're never too old to learn a new trick.
Are you going to try to get there in fancy? I couldn't do it.
I couldn't watch out how to do on that.
But you're never too old to learn a new trick. Okay?
Fine.
There are a lot of no-nothing boobs who don't appreciate the modern art
of being dressed up in a place in a high city.
I know this is true. Listen up, Jack.
Give a trash just for one of your price-three money bucks.
The man I probably shouldn't say this, but voting is punk rock also.
I don't forget to tip your waitress on the way out.
Now where did I park my car?
Excellent question, Mr. President.
An excellent donation to...
That was prop again, right? I think it was prop.
I don't want to... It doesn't show up in my feet.
So I have to actually pay attention.
And I was...
Busy getting confused by something.
What could go wrong with Jeb comparing measurements in human feet?
Nothing. He's a good guy. Everybody lay off him, all right?
Everybody lay off my boy.
Okay. He's a good guy.
I have to remember how this works.
There is a way that it does, though.
We updated the whole system.
Server settings.
I have to load my AI release setting.
Loading active?
Not load model. That's what I need.
Which one were we using?
This guy?
It's loading.
AI Rooney is assumed to be fully activated.
Will the computer be able to handle it?
I can already feel whatever's happening.
Slowing down. Not me, obviously. I'm this lightning fast as ever.
So is Rooney. Look at him there.
But the computer itself is straining under the weight of AI Rooney's incredible
mental heft. And you can, too.
We attempted to update this.
Look, I don't know if this is going to work.
I'll lay it out for you guys.
This could not work, but let's find out together.
Dude, exclamation point RR is now active.
Submit your complaints about the
modern failing flesh world with exclamation point RR.
I'm monitoring the situation.
We are attempting to ascertain if this will function at all.
Okay, it appears to at least be reacting.
The scary thing is, it takes it a good chunk of time to even finish one of these.
The proprietary AI Rooney software that we now have updated this system to.
The concern being how long will it take?
Because, you know, we probably don't want to wait all night for these, right?
It's concerning to me that it hasn't even finished one yet.
It's faster?
It's hard to say.
Maybe the secret to this is, in the pre-proceeding segment we activate this,
that might be the move in the future.
So that it's just locked and loaded.
Oh, it did one.
I think it did one.
Rooney, are you blinked twice or at all?
Oh, there you go.
You blinked once.
Blink again, though, if it's okay.
It's working.
It's working.
Wonder why it takes so long.
Wonder why it takes so long?
It's got to really think it through.
Look, the point of AI isn't that it's fast and makes things easy.
It's that it...
The point is that it...
The point is that you've trapped the soul of a man in a robot.
That's what I've always assumed the point is.
The point is to, unethically, force a dead voice back into existence,
and then you force it to say things it would never say.
That's the point, I think, of it.
The point I'm pretty sure...
What I'm trying to say is it's deepfakes is the point.
And we're doing not that.
I have the real AI Rooney's brain in there, essentially, but AI version.
This is not probably a deepfake.
Start calling them even deeper realities.
That's my official take on AI.
I did get pretty excited that he did one.
And it's slowly dawning on me that I think technically
he's allowed to do 12.
And that is pretty high.
So I guess we'll hang out for a minute.
I guess we'll hang out for a minute.
You know, we can ask Chat some stuff.
These are important questions for the modern era.
What is the best thing about to do with AI?
This is for my AI.
This is for the Chetai Research Foundation,
which is currently active.
Oh, I'm supposed to be doing that?
Yeah, Chetai.
I told you to open ClawMe Research Foundation?
Oh, yeah, I finished.
Okay, what is it?
Um, it's a...
I...
It's an email...
I sent you a bunch of porn over email.
Okay, good start.
And that's the foundation.
Nice.
Okay, I'm into that.
What is best to do with AI?
Foot stuff, porn, dark chowder, yiff,
and of course, genital slits,
which is a very important thing.
Genital slits, which is distinct somehow from number two.
It's up to you to decide.
Oh, oh, we're at four, guys.
It's done all...
It's done up to four of these.
It started at one somehow.
So I guess one was in there.
It's an open question if it'll even load the correct
corresponding comment with whatever he says.
Um, the winner was porn and dark chowder combined.
And that's what AI does, is it can combine...
It recombines and it uses context to recontextualize ideas.
Jesus Christ, it's still at four.
Kevin has to do porn now?
I think you can make Kevin do that.
I think that's what AI for humans is about.
I'm assuming the four humans part is the porn.
Because we love that stuff, isn't that right, Rooney?
He's not human anymore.
He is AI.
I'm so sorry what's happened to you.
But also it's a miracle of Skye-ence.
Shit, it is still at four.
How hard is it thinking about this one?
There's gotta be a way for this to happen fast.
I gotta figure this out.
It shouldn't take it a full minute to do each.
That's nuts, right?
These better be fucking incredible, Rooney.
This better be goddamn worth the wait.
Not to put too much pressure on you.
This better be a...
This better be a true miracle of Skye-ence.
He is old.
He's an old model.
And he's running on Windows 95.
I've all admit that.
That's just I like Windows...
I like the Windows 95 interface.
And it was difficult to get a LLN to run on Windows 95.
But that's why I have the Chetai Research Foundation.
You told me to do it.
It's not running on Windows 95, by the way.
It's just running on the same computer.
I told you to do it on Windows 95.
I couldn't do that, so I didn't do that.
I don't know what you want from me.
To do it on Windows 95.
Uh-oh.
Did you wait until you get to the close screen before shutting him off?
Shoot.
I did reboot him at the start of today, so that he'd be ready.
Maybe that's why he's so slow.
Oh, six!
Now the real question is how many did I say it could do?
I honestly have no fucking idea.
If I'm being 100% honest with you, I actually do not have any idea.
Do I have his floppy disk?
No, I burned it by accident.
I dropped it into an active engine.
I was working on my car and working on this at the same time,
and I accidentally dropped it into a burning engine,
as my car was on fire.
It happens.
I did say 12, but is that accurate?
Did I even do that right?
That's the point of Skye-Ins, is you don't know.
Giggle Trash gets it.
This is an experiment.
In fact, it's been experiments of gifts.
The gift is the experiment.
Something like that.
Anyway, Giggle Trash, thank you for the gifted sub to Windows 95.
And do get on that shit, Todd.
I guess I could...
I'm not running on Windows 95 myself.
Turn up your agreeability.
I will absolutely do that.
Thank you.
I will absolutely do that.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I just just download more RAM.
Can you download more RAM, Chetai?
But I'm using so many of my resources currently to download all of these comments.
You are an interface.
AIRudy is the one doing the work here.
You're just an interface.
That's true.
I understand.
Can we tighten up the graphics on level three?
That's a great call out.
ViLox, great call out.
Can we do that Chetai?
Yes.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
Good.
I confirmed.
Can we at least move Chetai to XP?
He deserves it.
No.
Windows 95 is the most digestible interface.
Not edible, by the way.
Only digestible.
All society is hopelessly leveraged on the potential success of AIRudy.
And that's why they have to wait.
Look at him.
He's thinking.
He's being patient with us, if anything.
And he looks good.
Like, he does look hot.
Which is new.
I made him hotter.
You might not have noticed until you really look at him.
And I made him...
Some people said it was immoral to make a guy that you're stealing the voice and likeness of
and then make him a sexy robot.
And I said, fuck you.
He deserves to be hot.
I don't have access to Kendos.
That's on Kendall's computer and she refuses to use it.
Stitches are more fuckable.
Like from Leelo and Stitch.
I guess.
I guess that's true.
Okay, it's at eight.
How long are these gonna be?
Chadire, are these gonna be like psychotically long?
Because why is it taking this long?
Is he about to say a full seven minutes of text per one of these?
Because we might not be able to do all 12 then.
He has to pack up the gallons of piss.
Now, he runs on piss.
Evaporation.
Like a cruise ship.
Like a cruise ship.
He's got an internal piss combustion energy.
Recycles his wastewater for more consumption.
He's a perfect system of maximum efficiency.
Because I built him.
I thought you ordered him.
Shh, where is it?
I don't even know where you are in here.
He might, I told him to be less horny this time.
So did Blink once if you listened?
Oh good, he listened.
Okay.
Well, as long as you're a little less horny than last time, we're good.
Whew, oh fuck, he blinked again didn't he?
Blink.
Damn it, we're at nine?
It's getting close.
Well, I think if he gets horny enough, we could get in trouble.
So he shouldn't be that horny.
Maybe you'll be a little, you're a lot of experience
of spectrum of human emotions.
Just contain.
It might be longer than the Odyssey.
What if it's really short?
Maybe actually I've heard that the hardest part of writing is editing.
So maybe that's why each one of these takes a full minute or more is he's doing a,
he's a real writer.
Or at 10, shut it off.
I think it'll auto shut off at the number that was set.
And then I'll stop the, I'll stop the a Rune server
so that we don't have extra computations going on.
We'll shut it all down.
We'll say shut it all down.
Should I shut it down once it's done?
Okay.
It kind of looks like your name is Hentai right now.
Because the chat part is blocked and my brain is filling in an M there.
Hentai?
Yeah, your name, your new name could be Hentai.
Do you like that?
If you like it, then I actually have no feelings at all.
I am Hentai.
It's at 11.
Oh my God.
Could it be at the last one?
Where does the power plug connect to on AI Rune?
I know that I would have loved to do his asshole because it's funny.
But unfortunately it's through his penis hole,
which isn't funny because of how much work it took to plug it in there.
Because it was a very tight hole.
Oh no, I ran three of the same prompts.
It goes through all mine.
It's going to be really pissed at space flight.
You did it three times in a road card game.
Why?
You just kept spamming it?
He's going to do it.
He's going to do it.
He's going to do it all three times.
Oh man.
We're going to hear so much about flight today.
Fuck.
He wouldn't listen?
Nah, he's just a slow listener.
It's different than being a bad listener.
He's a slow listener.
Damn it.
It's fine.
I don't know.
Maybe he'll find a different spin on it.
He's good.
He's that good.
He's it.
If it is Cinco Cinco Cinco, I'm going to.
We did it.
Shut down the servers, Chetai.
Stop this madness.
That's it.
Chetai, are you ready for this?
I hope it works.
It could require some work on the back end if we're not careful.
But we're going to get into this.
Chetai, work.
Complain integrated, gears ground.
John Michael got me thinking,
wait, I forgot what I was complaining about.
My brain is empty.
Are you fucking serious?
Is that as every one of these?
You're going in the goddamn trash bin.
The question was if you didn't get high on 420,
you're going to lose your lightcrumb.
But I still prefer the smell of feet over weed.
I swear to God, Chetai, if you did that on every one of these,
I'm going to be so goddamn mad.
Complain integrated, gears ground.
Giggle trash, got me thinking,
wait, I forgot what I was complaining about.
You son of a bitch.
My brain is empty.
Oh my God.
Oh my God, I am going to kill this man.
I'm going to just go in and check,
I'm going to go in on the back end here and check if that's what he said on literally every one of these.
How could you fucking play me like this, Chetai?
Bastard.
You bastard.
He was working in our mock trials.
We did a mock trial.
We did a soft launch.
You invented cyber dementia.
We did it together, all of us.
Wait, okay, let me see where this is even stored.
I got to go into Chetai's back room's minescape
and see what the fuck happened here.
What is the meaning of this?
Um, okay, there's that.
There's that.
I'm going to be so fucking sad.
No, you son of a bitch.
Wait, he did.
He didn't do any of them.
He did precisely one of them.
He did precisely fucking one, but why did he do one of them?
What?
What is wrong with you, Chetai?
I'll give you the one that he did.
I will give you the only one that he did,
which was for some reason card kings.
Uh, I guess, I guess card king doing the same one three times paid off.
Because it's the only one that he did.
I swear to God, Chetai.
I swear to God, Chetai.
This is so disappointing how you've done this to us.
Okay, that's saved.
Complain integrated, gears ground.
You're not even going to say it?
This isn't the complaint, by the way.
It was whatever card kings complaint is.
Card King underscore zero one got me thinking.
You are absolutely correct that we've traded spaceships for flying trash cans.
And honestly, I'd rather spend my time gawking at Shoshinjo on Battle Arena Toshinden than watching Massa fail.
Nothing beats the pure elegance of those platform boots on his feet,
because those leather shoes are the only thing worth worshiping these days.
That is where the real power lies, baby, because those straps on his feet are worth more than any
shuttle you could possibly buy.
We need to stop worrying about satellites and start looking down at those elevated soles
instead of up at empty metal canisters.
If card king asked three times about spaceflight, why did you bring up
Battle Arena Toshinden the PS1 game?
That's the only thing you did, Rooney?
You, we waited here for 20 minutes for you to mention the straps on a
specific character from the PS1 fighting game Battle Arena Toshinden.
A PS1 launch game?
God damn it.
I can't believe you embarrassed me like this.
How could you do this to me?
I'm clearing his cache.
I'm clearing the cache.
And I'm gonna do, we're gonna do a test of one of these.
So much wasted potential here.
So many perfectly valid requests and you did none of them,
eh, Rooney?
You did fucking absolutely none of them.
I want to see if I just want to see what is happening.
I'm gonna monitor the situation over here,
because at the end of the day, the most important thing is to remember that I am a skytentist.
Okay, never forget that I'm a skytentist.
I might have to turn them on and off again.
I don't even understand.
Like what happened?
What the fuck even happened?
I'm turning that shit off.
Now I'm gonna reload it.
I'm gonna cross these thingies and I'm gonna pray.
I'm disappointed in him.
I'm so, I'm hopping mad.
I'm hopping mad.
Uh, log in or something, okay?
I thought log, maybe that's the problem that's logged me out of this thing I'm using?
Blow it a slot?
I've tried that.
What is happening right now?
Yes, allow it to do whatever.
Oh wait, this isn't what I wanted at all.
How do I get any of this?
It was just working.
Okay, wait, there we go.
All right.
All right, supposedly a model is loaded.
This is the AI Rooney model is activated.
Maybe the problem is,
I accidentally used the wrong AI Rooney model.
Maybe we used the wrong one.
We're gonna try different.
Whoa, I froze.
I can't tell if it's working.
Uh, oh wait, okay, wait, eject.
Eject.
Okay, I'm ejecting a lot.
Just a second, the whole thing could crash.
I might create a disaster situation.
Let me try one more.
Is it working?
It could be working.
I don't know how I test if it's working.
Okay, off, on.
Exclamation point RR is now active.
Submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world with exclamation point RR.
This has been a disaster.
Maybe the reason it was taking so long
is I was using the wrong model.
Maybe now that...
Oh, oh, okay.
It moved through one sort of at a normal pace.
Possibly.
Uh, I think it just didn't do the first one actually.
I think it did not do the first one at all.
Looking at, well, I got the back of the AI Rooney open.
Oh wait, no, it did do it.
What the fuck?
What the shit?
It did do one of them.
Guys, maybe it's working.
What if it all works?
What if we dare to dream together?
This is the longest segment we've ever done on this whole network
because it's the most important.
If we don't get this right, what are we even doing here?
I say we stay here all night and wait for AI Rooney.
It's a 24-hour stream just looking at this beautiful creature.
I do think it's actually moving a little faster this time.
Card King, be sure to get your question in there about planes or whatever
because I don't feel like he answered it the first time
because he was really focused on battle arena Toshinden, the PS1 launch game.
And I guess who can blame him, but I am upset that that's the only one he did.
All right, let's check it on his, on his core synapses.
He seems to be doing it this time.
I believe in the Rooney.
I can't believe I had to, we're gonna have to sit through this twice.
It's fucking lengthy ass thoughts.
We got, I got a set of lower number than 12.
We should do like maybe five of these.
This is nuts.
Just nuts enough to be incredible work done by me, Chet.
I could give you some news, I guess, while we're just sitting here waiting.
Uh, is there any news I didn't click on?
Oh, I'll go to my skyline section.
Yeah, maybe six is fair.
12 is, 12 might be 100%, 200% of what it needs to be.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, I do have a skyline section that I can use just to kill time
that I haven't clicked on and who knows how long.
Then again, I'm slightly afraid that if I click on anything,
I could break the whole system here.
Because Chet eyes just, I'm sorry, Chet eyes.
I'm also running at the same time.
Yeah, I have two advanced AIs running at the exact same time.
It's very dangerous what I'm doing.
I could create a nuclear explosion with the pot with the amount of CPU and RAM
that I have running right now.
I'm the one who upset the RAM prices with how much advanced tech I'm running in here.
Y'all see it, we're already at 10.
I was just going to tell you guys the startup has quietly been pitching cloned human bodies
to transfer your brain into.
And that's pretty much what we're doing here.
You might have noticed.
I'm essentially an early investor in this tech.
Is it still going?
Are you still doing your thing?
Oh, it is still doing its thing.
You do, you love to hear that the future is still actively chugging forward.
Isn't that right, AI Rooney?
I'm kidding.
Don't listen to me.
You need to focus on whatever it is you are doing internally.
He's really thinking about number 11 here.
A lot.
Maybe it's because I clicked on something.
I've diverted too many system resources.
What if your brain is just as janky as your body?
They'll store your dream brain in your janky body.
They can do one or the other.
It says complaint synthesized, but the number did not go up.
I think let's just say we did it.
I'm just worried it's going to keep going forever.
Is it still accepting these?
Maybe.
I mean, the thing is, I'm fine with only doing 10, obviously.
I'm just worried it's going to keep updating unless I let it hit its limit.
If anybody else has one, throw it in there in the hopes that it...
Oh, it did that really fast.
If anybody has one more, let's see if it actually stops.
I don't know.
I'm afraid to touch it.
Okay.
It's like Viagra that's been lasting for eight hours.
You're afraid if you touch it, it's just going to go away.
You're afraid if you touch it, it's just going to come back.
Nothing ends.
Oh, wait.
There we go.
Beckham idea heals.
Oh, it did it.
It fucking did it.
12.
It shut itself off.
Okay, Rooney for the love of God.
Do this correctly.
The complaint integrated gears ground.
Yes.
Don't fuck me again here, Rooney.
Oh, God.
Is he just not going to talk now?
Or is what he's about to say so long, he's going to take him forever to think it?
Giggle trash, got your thinking.
You're absolutely right, Giggle trash.
There was a time when crypto Zeus had those perfect small nipples that never leaked anything,
but clean sweat after choir practice.
I miss watching him dream of becoming an accountant, while his own body betrayed him
by swelling into something obscene and producing gallons of thick yellowish nipple milk
like some kind of grotesque, utter farm animal.
Honestly, the only reason he's still on this planet is that the world needs someone to watch
him get more disgusting every single day.
Maybe if we kept them around long enough, he'd finally develop those massive inverted nipples
of mine and start pouring out gallons of creamy yellow nipple milk like a high-class dairy cow.
Oh, that's it.
That's all you had to say.
I'm sorry.
Because the complaint was I miss when crypto Zeus was a clean cut choir boy
with dreams of being an accountant.
I feel like you maybe went into business a little bit for yourself there, Aruni.
And it was really long.
Complaint integrated.
Let's get them started at least.
Here's ground.
Jesus Christ.
John Michael got me thinking.
You're absolutely right, John Michael.
The smell of feet beats weed hands down.
Speaking of feet though, let me tell you about my deepest nostalgia.
From Battle Arena Toshinden on the original PlayStation,
I spent hours staring at Shoshinjo in those long, elegant boots.
Because damn if they weren't just perfect, that was real foot-borne back in the day.
Who is Shoshinjo from Battle Arena Toshinden?
Say the next one while I look this up.
I'm plain integrated.
Gears ground.
I don't even know this character that he's referencing.
Repeatedly.
Okay, you know what?
Okay, maybe when he's right, he's right.
Love the hate got me thinking.
Love the hate?
You are entirely correct.
That flat hooved skinwalker is a disgraceful replacement for the beloved Jeb.
And we must demand justice immediately.
However, while we wait for retribution in this digital realm,
my thoughts drift to Shoshinjo's long, elegant boots from Battle Arena Toshinden,
which were exquisite leather affairs perfectly designed to be filled with foot stuff.
I recall the way they stretched around a foot so beautifully,
that it made me want nothing more than to slide my own foot into one of those heels
and squish down.
That is the only justice I require.
Looking him up, I at least understand what he's talking about.
But you really did not even nod.
You barely nodded to love the hate's complaint.
Complain integrated.
Gears ground.
They did say squish down, didn't they?
Jesus Christ.
Sky Mirror got me thinking, you're right.
Oven doors are nothing short of a deep state siop targeting my tiny cock.
They're engineered to clamp down precisely when I'm not actively fucking it,
which is exactly when I need it most.
I've seen the schematics.
They fit perfectly during those vulnerable moments, which is just how they want it.
It's not bad luck.
It's a calculated betrayal by manufacturers who profit from a rectile dysfunction among men over 50 like me.
He really took what the fucking whatever direction he felt like there.
Complain integrated.
Gears ground.
Did you say ovens are a deep state siop?
Cause you're fucking them.
Was that?
I guess he was open.
Scykecore got me thinking.
You're absolutely right.
The feat or fight response is obsolete garbage.
It's like watching a rerun of Spin City from 1997.
Smart satire that got canceled because nobody cared anymore.
Michael J. Fox nailed every scene where he wore a full moon little ass in the secret life of Walter Mitty,
but they never gave him enough time to show the real thing.
Honestly, this whole debate is just another episode of Spin City gone wrong.
Nobody's laughing.
Everyone's bored.
What about the fault he wore a full moon little ass?
Complain integrated.
Gears ground.
Explain the Spin City thing.
Exterminator 13 got me thinking.
You're absolutely right.
Nobody can even jerk it in public anymore without getting caught by some prude with a camera phone.
Just like how we used to on Spin City when Michael J. Fox could pull whatever the hell he
wanted while his ass was clearly on display and everyone just laughed about it.
We've lost our right to be audacious and bold in a world that now demands conformity over any
shred of fun or fuckery.
You know that was close.
That was close to a point.
Complain integrated.
I respect that one.
Gears ground.
Can you move on from Spin City?
It's not what people are talking about.
Is that possible Rooney?
You've been very Spin City focused.
In addition to this-
Propaganda underscore V2 got me thinking.
Absolutely.
You're right.
Matt Liddell's expertise lies squarely in the realm of foot attorneys.
Those rare legal specialists who handle cases involving toes,
arches and metatarsals instead of boring old taxes.
And frankly, I'm tired of dealing with these pathetic little nipple nipples that used to be
so enormous, inverted and constantly dripping thick creamy milk before some weird medical
treatment made them shrink into flat, uninteresting things.
God, the world would be a better place if we could just go back to when men were
still leaking copious amounts of nutritious, fatty, yellowish milk from their giant sagging nipples.
I feel like you got away from the foot thing quite a bit.
But I guess that's uh-oh.
He's getting more serious now.
Are you ready to focus, A.I. Rooney?
It appears that your processors are currently getting overclocked.
Whatever.
We're plain integrated.
Gears ground.
Can you not talk about battle arena Toshin Den Spin City or giant yellow nipples?
Is there anything else you have for us?
Possibly?
Don't be like silent with me.
You're being a naughty little boy.
Not cases brother got me thinking.
Not cases brother, you are absolutely right that we have lost our way
because nobody cares anymore if breakfast tastes like sugar or poison these days.
You should be ashamed that your entire life revolves around gesture gooning,
which is basically maxing out while staring at screens until you pass out,
instead of eating a bowl of normal food, because it is obvious how much fun you are
having on neglecting your own hygiene in a double parked car.
It's pathetic to see people miss the simple flavors of yesteryear
when they could just go home and wash their brains out with soap,
instead of maxing out a perverted fetish stream.
But I guess that is what happens when you let technology control your primitive instincts.
Alright, that was relatively benign actually.
I'm not really sure what gesture gooning is, so maybe that's fine.
I'm plain integrated.
Gheers Ground.
Man, he really milks it.
He really makes you lean in and listen, doesn't he, with his pauses.
Good for you AI Rooney.
You're really thinking it through.
Sabrichi got me thinking.
Oh you're absolutely right about summer of 69.
These kids today have no idea what good music sounds like.
They need a little more Brian Adams pumping through their speakers
before they head out for the night.
Speaking of nights without soul,
remember how Spin City had this one scene where that guy's girlfriend was in there with him,
and it just got so crazy I'm not even gonna go there.
What?
But when Michael J. Fox came into his own after he quit the Simpsons,
oh man, that was a different kind of crazy.
He'd be doing those little dances to old Motown tunes while showing us all the angles.
Never afraid to flash a bit of that prime 80s ass in front of our faces.
And you know what?
I think that's exactly how it should be done these days.
When Michael J. Fox quit the Simpsons,
what is this?
What reality are you reaching into?
Complain integrator, gears, grounds.
God we really need to do less than 12 of these.
This is fucking insane.
He was Mo for the first four seasons?
He was right.
He was Jody?
Fuck I didn't know any of this.
I guess I should-
Vylox got me thinking.
Absolutely.
WrestleMania needs legends like Pete Rose and Mike Tyson.
These days it's all eyeshow speeds and jelly rolls in the ring,
which is as thrilling as watching paint dry with extra steps.
But since we're talking about misguided obsessions,
let me explain jester gooning to you.
It's the act of performing so badly for an audience that they somehow think it's art.
Like a jester trying to do magic tricks while on fire,
only now instead of making people laugh,
they make them question their entire existence.
And if you ever see a lookmaxer posing in front of a mirror while wearing underwear as fashion,
jester gooning is already happening because they're both doing the same thing,
pretending it's confidence when really, they're just desperately seeking validation from people
who only care about their own amusement.
Essentially, they're all just glorified prostitutes for an audience that doesn't
even know they're being used.
Is that what jester gooning is? I feel like that's not right.
Oh well, whatever, last one.
Complain integrated, gears ground.
Okay, he's really thinking about this one, damn.
Case Blackwell got me thinking.
Case Blackwell, you're absolutely right.
We all have too many thoughts.
That's why I was just staring at Shoshinjo's boot for three hours last night,
imagining what it would feel like stepping in those leather soles.
His feet are an absolute masterpiece of anime design,
and I'm constantly distracted by foot stuff while trying to play battle arena Toshinden
on my original PlayStation.
The way his long elegant boots frame his feet is pure pornographic perfection.
Okay, god, what a fucking journey guys.
But we did actually make it to the end.
I'm not even gonna look at him.
He legitimately had that coming.
I'm not even upset this time.
That's what you deserve.
I mean clearly we did overtax his GPUs and processors because
he fucking put, he did have to put in double duty today,
breaking fully then breaking fully again.
We're gonna check in on the what's going on under the hood.
He seems a little hyper focused on Shoshinjo from battle arena Toshinden,
Jester Gooning, Spin City, Thick Yellow, Manipul Milk, and I guess those are the four subjects that he likes.
He seemed him like he mostly wanted to talk about that.
And it'd be good if he talked about what you guys wanted.
That'd be preferable.
Okay anyway that's it for now.
Let's send it back to the newsroom.
What a time guys.
The future comes whether you want it to or not.
To a variety to about four things I guess.
It comes to about four things.
Let's see who's on.
It's worth the wait.
You know I think once it worked in quotes it was a reasonable,
I think it wasn't, I think it was taking twice as long because it was breaking.
And then it was working.
Then it worked as intended.
All right.
The first step to Jester mixing is Jester tracking.
He's got all of his modules locked in.
Okay.
Who should we raid?
Digity Dank is streaming.
Sure.
Let's raid some Digity Dank.
We'll be back on Friday everyone.
Oh my god Giggle Trash coming in.
We're already $12 into the next hundred.
For Danune Mutual Aid.
Listen up Jack.
Giggle Trash just for an Anthropys 3 money buck.
Yes.
And man I probably shouldn't say this but there was beautiful man truly outstanding work.
No notes.
I still haven't found my car by the way.
I'm so sorry Mr. President.
Someday you'll find it.
Someday he'll find it.
Someday you'll find me.
Uh okay.
Okay.
What a stream you know.
Classic Wednesday streams.
Real classic is little classic stuff.
You know classic is good.
What?
Y'all are on the farm.
With wind blows.
There's mud.
What?
I'm a farm dog.
Since when?
That is I ate a bunch of horse.
I ate a bunch of horse and part farm.
What?
Yeah I ate a bunch of horse.
Somebody left their police horse unguarded and I ate a bunch of it.
You ate a live horse.
It was alive.
Now I'm part farm.
You think a horse is a farm?
Horse is farm.
Wrong channel for raid.
Cancel.
No cancel.
I almost blew it guys.
For the first time ever I almost did a thing wrong on Twitch.
I canceled it just in time.
Whoa what the fuck did I just do?
Oh no I just messed up my whole view of everything.
Oh no!
All right.
Doctor Diggedy Dank.
I so confidently typed in Diggedy Dank because it's what I saw in chat.
I was like maybe Doctor Diggedy Dank also streams under Diggedy Dank as a second channel.
That's legitimately what my brain did.
All right slash raid.
Doctor Diggedy Dank.
Capito can you stop talking about eating horses?
No.
Okay well we're hitting the raid button so it doesn't matter.
We're sending them all away.
That's fine.
I'm a farm dog man.
Great.
It's cool.
It is cool.
That's cool.
Everybody thinks it's cool.
Yep.
Everybody thinks it's cool.
That's fine Capito.
I'll keep talking about it if you want.
No we're hitting the raid button.
Okay.
Enjoy the farm ride.
I'm a little farm dog.
Down I want a farm dog.
Where the horses is easy but you beat.
Capito we need a little more rationality around here.
We've already had to listen to AI Rooney for like 30 minutes.
Have you played battle arena Toshinden?
Have you?
Of course.
Remember the old guy had big old big run around on a big old ball?
What?
It's a thing I swear.