I'm Pappito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Ten, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do Pappito!
Unacceptable, there we go.
Why is it like this chat?
Why does it do it to me every time?
Let me try to save this so this doesn't happen again.
Save, please?
Come on.
It's not telling me that it's saving.
Well, I'll just keep an eye on that for next time.
A comment!
April 16th is Pappito's birthday.
So sad that I can't get him under control enough.
Maybe I can get him back by then.
Supposedly there is an advanced way to calm Pappito down and get him to return to his post,
but it's going to take a little bit of, um, not programming knowledge, but, um, composing docker knowledge?
If that means anything to anyone?
It barely means anything to me.
But there is a path to the return of a Pappito meeting.
You can finally get fired.
I can finally fire my cousin.
I don't really know how to feel about that on account of me not understanding what the job is or liking it.
I'm sure you're torn up about it.
I mean, it's odd to have you say you're just going to fire me if you fix another problem you have, but, okay.
Hey, you're doing a great job.
Am I?
I don't understand what I'm doing.
Again.
I miss Salazar too.
Apparently there's a way to get Salazar back as well.
But all of it requires some back-ending.
Yeah, anybody here really into docking?
Exterminator's been helping me out, um, but I haven't been able to take their advice yet.
By month 29, I'll finally understand streaming!
And my stream will be...
Parseable for any new viewer, I'm sure.
Once I figure all this out, it'll all make way more sense to anyone who might watch this.
Blink twice if I need help.
Are you talking to my producer?
I mean, I'm blinking a lot.
Any help would be appreciated.
Blink, blink, blink.
Did I blink too much?
Maybe.
Looks like we're going to the movies today.
Can we get Yogi Bear's opinion on docking and how these tariffs work?
I think we could.
I guess that's the thing we can do.
Before we do that, I guess let's do a little bit of news.
Let's see what's going on in the world today.
I'm sure not much.
It's news time.
Hello everyone.
It's your news dad, Jeff Ripple.
Case?
I see you.
Is that good to see me?
I do see you.
I see case.
That's as good as you get from me.
Thanks.
Not a compliment.
Okay.
Nudes dad?
I thought you were supposed to be the master of articulation, Jeff.
How am I supposed to articulate and focus when all of this craziness is going on?
Stop.
My music's been overwhelmed by this hype trade music.
That's how it goes.
Geez.
Smoke.
Jeff, the smoke's an overlay.
Oh, but then what am I smelling?
It might be the Papito.
He's been impossible to bathe on account of him sprinting around the studio.
It's too much lore all the time.
Ah!
It's also an overlay.
I don't trust that.
It's a dangerous panther.
Anyway, it's a hype trade.
Can we turn down the hype trade?
Hype trade is not going to be happy about that.
There's stuff happening in the world.
We're supposed to talk...
Turn it up.
I'm trying to be a serious newsman, case.
Are you?
It's so loud.
Anyway, what did you want to talk about?
I guess the...
I guess the tariffs?
Isn't that what we're supposed to talk about?
I don't know.
We can also talk about something chat shared.
But I haven't checked.
Why haven't you even checked that?
What are you...
What even are you supposed to be doing?
I don't know. We're figuring it out.
God damn it!
No, we're going to talk about the tariffs.
We have no choice.
Oh, the last of us renewed for season three.
That's the biggest story of the day.
Oh yeah, our top story of the day.
The last of us has been renewed for season three.
Right before season two.
Can we play a little Fast and Lucia?
Well, fast?
Not sure about fast.
Alright.
Tariffs!
Double the Fs.
I don't know...
I don't know what I'm supposed to say here.
Can we...
Can we at least let the song in?
The song's pretty long.
Sounds like it's ending, right?
Oh my God.
I'll turn it down for you.
You're being so whiny though.
God, our top story of the day.
Tariffs!
Don't you love to hear about them?
Well, it's confusing what's happening with them
because they were on and now they're off.
And I'll tell you why.
Oh, you will?
No, I'll just tell you that it's happening.
I don't really understand why anything's happening.
President Donald Trump enacted significant changes
to U.S. trade policy.
You may have noticed.
Oh, I did notice.
I noticed people talking about the significant changes.
Yes, a gentle way to put it.
Significant changes.
Imposing a 10% sweeping baseline tariff
on imports from all countries.
Which is actually a walk back
from the initially steeper tariffs
of 50% that were set to take place
for dozens of nations.
Oh my God, Exterminator, thank you for the 29 months.
I'm trying to talk about the tariffs!
Stop interrupting our important resubs.
Apologies, Exterminator.
That's more important than the tariffs.
I mean, it's more important than us talking about the tariffs.
It's more important than you talking about the tariffs, Case.
What are you offering?
My incisive reading.
Okay.
Anyway, the tariffs.
They were going to be 50%.
These were suspended within hours and replaced by a,
guess what, a 90 day pause?
How'd you guess?
Because that's what he's been doing with everything.
You might have also heard about that with the TikTok pause.
Well, my TikTok doesn't pause.
It just can't, whatever, I touch the screen more just play.
Or he paused the batting.
I can't keep up with what the kids are doing.
Can't tariff the hype train?
Is it still going?
Oh, the music stopped, but the train is still alive.
Yeah, you might have noticed from this subtle graphic.
I don't see the graphic.
You were just reacting to all the graphic overlays.
Well, I don't see that one, Case.
Trying to talk about tariffs.
10% tariffs now.
We're going to be 50%.
The administration cited interest from over 75 countries
in trade negotiations as a reason for why they're like,
never mind, GGs.
TikTok pause is all about dogs showing beans.
How do I get that into my algorithm?
My algorithm is mostly, I don't know,
a general way to put it, disabled people?
What the hell?
I blame CASM, actually.
You know, that's a similar thing happened to me.
CASM recommended a couple of videos and for a while,
I had an interesting algorithm.
I'll put it that way.
Just blame CASM for anything weird that pops up on your phone.
That's my strategy.
China, in case you're concerned about, how does Trump say it?
China?
That's not how he says it.
That's my Trump impression.
Is it not good?
I'm Donald Trump.
It's not the best one I've heard.
You know what, actually, I like it.
Okay, well, anyway, China.
Is that good?
It's not good.
Well, just keep going.
China, however, faced escalating tariffs.
They're getting left off this gravy train of 10% sweeping tariffs
with a 125% tariff,
prompting a retaliatory move from Beijing
with an 84% levy on US goods.
The ongoing US-China trade war marked by tit-for-tat tariffs
has spurred economic uncertainty.
Meanwhile, the European Union approved 23 billion
in retaliatory tariffs against earlier US metals tariffs.
Additionally, product-specific tariffs like those...
Am I saying the word tariff enough?
You could say it a little bit more.
Um...
Close enough.
See?
Chad likes my impression.
Anyway, lots of tariffs, including a 25% levy on autos and metals,
despite the 90-day reprieve for almost all countries.
Well, 75 of them.
That's most of them.
That's not even half of them.
It's a lot of them, though.
Global markets for some reason remain volatile,
and consumers are expected to feel the impact
of higher prices on everyday goods.
Trump's reciprocal trade plan underscores his protectionist approach
amid ongoing inter-nationale negotiations and trade tensions.
But I'm keeping it cool over here.
I like the chart.
I'm not at all alarmed at how this man looks still.
I do feel like it's important, even a decade into Trump's, uh...
political takeover, to consistently talk about how fucking insane he looks.
He does look a little alarming in this undocked photo.
That's how he really looked there.
Mm-hmm.
You propose a 10-bazillion-percent tariff on Trump,
so jokes on him.
How high does a tariff need to be before it's maxed?
I don't think there is a max.
Oh, good.
So we're not all the way there yet.
Well, I think by the time you're imposing a 125-percent tariff on all goods from a country,
you've essentially basically decided to stop trading with that country.
No, it's just...
We just...
It just doubles the price of...
More than doubles it, though.
Well, first of all, it's 125%.
And second of all, any goods that kind of travel back and forth
would accrue the tariff multiple times.
Well, we just need to not be wasteful with how we're shipping goods around.
Oh, how you doin'?
Candles here...
I need a Kendall song.
Kendall what?
I need a Kendall song for when you approach.
Make one right now.
Make a Kendall song right now?
Rap.
Rap?
Well, if I'm gonna do that, I have to make it a goal.
Oh.
And then you have to come beyond the track.
And yet, when I point to you, you have to say a word.
Oh.
But I don't know how to rhyme, so you have to do like a rhyme word.
No, I'll just...
The hype has ended.
I'm sorry.
No, no, you're doing great.
Um...
I'll just turn on my ice powers.
Ugh...
Yeah, if we throw up the ice meter,
then I'll do a Kendall rap.
This cannot at all confusing meter that's based on points.
But don't worry, the points are explained right next to it.
Wait, how many do they need to...
Well, as you can see, one bit is one point.
Yeah, but...
One sub is 200, so it's three subs.
It's a three sub goal.
It turns out...
Three sub goal.
It's a three sub goal.
Okay, so you don't have to price lock everything.
It's not price locked, it's support locked.
That's the same thing!
No.
You have to stream a minimum...
Oh!
We...
We really blew it out of the park.
courtesy of Eddity.
I don't know if the meter is working quite how it's supposed to.
We're gonna just turn the meter off,
and I think I might maybe just...
I forgot that I kind of have to set it up.
What the hell?
Was that gonna be infinite meters?
The sub...
The sub drop is too powerful.
It totally broke the meter.
All right, Kendall, then you have to help me decide what kind of beat you want.
It's your song!
I know what I got it.
You gotta channel like a k-popper.
Okay, I'm gonna say k-pop rap beat.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Little bit of pop, little bit of hip-hop.
A lot of stolen culture.
Um...
A lot of stolen culture.
Jennies, Jennies, yeah.
This is just Jennies' beat.
K-pop rap beat?
Oh, it gave me a k-pop, an actual k-pop rap beat.
Does this have your approval?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll have to rap over this.
All right, do you want the traditional way?
Oh my God!
That's for sure.
You got five stars, Kendall.
You got all five stars.
What are we talking about, Jeff?
We're busy right now.
God damn it.
That's our star rating system.
I didn't give you that particular one on your stream.
Oh, okay.
But I could if you wanted.
No, it's okay.
Yeah, I figured you wouldn't need that one.
All right, I got a popo, I'm gonna open audition.
It is because of these hot beats I'm about to rap over.
Okay, anyway, the way we traditionally do people's songs on this stream
is we feed a bunch of facts in a chat,
we can either do a chat GPT and have it generate a rap,
or I freestyle it.
However, I do find the chat GPT wants to be slightly funnier
and that the quality is pretty low.
Okay we do chat GPT.
The quality stays low but chat gives us the fun facts.
Oh, well okay, we'll we get to do that and chat.
If you just tell me the facts about Kendall
then I'll just rap those.
Oh, okay.
And then we don't need chat.
I might not be able to look at two streaming feeds of words at once.
we get the fed facts from kept in chat then it generates a rap okay we'll do
that we'll do it oh my god whole place was shit there's an earthquake but only
on me
okay the earthquake is the leg yeah yeah my legs are earthquakeing
balloon eating champ of 2017 okay Kendall is always popping off all right
I gotta get this ready now and courtesy of one of the jobs I have I know have
an upgraded chat GPT plan so I'm sure we're gonna see the immediate results of
its higher quality no my boss is I refuse outright please write me a let's go
here Jeff I'm taking care of this right now please write me a rap kpop no it'll
write in Korean please make me a rap about a an amazing woman named Kendall
these are all the facts about her typing is so hard incorporate all of them into
the rap exclamation point Kendall has an awesome sister named Christine that's a
sweet one okay she's got an attitude problem okay just type these he's got an
attitude problem mmm she's always popping off she's always popping off she's a
balloon eating bullet balloon eating championship bullet she's a bullet she
abandoned lost souls of streamers to a fish tank in a bass
yeah we should do an IRL stream she needs to stream more okay stream more well I
guess at all Kendall once had a stream this one say Kendall once had a stream with
a bot which had 300 commands that's true yeah that's oh yeah you did stream she
lived on Tom Sawyer Island for like six months yeah okay she hates Disney
should I put that in and hates Disney quack comma or does she love it let's see
how it handles the question hates the vacuum okay I'm just gonna say hates
vacuums and this is the last one she has a particular vacuum hates the vacuum
okay she was she has two adorable pet donkeys okay that's probably enough but if
there's still more coming in unemployed has an amazing boyfriend that one doesn't
sound true unemployed she's the she's a model for what is it dreamworks minions
wow dream works dream work mini-oves I'm a little worried my yeah my what is it
keyboard is I'm not recognizing certain letters anymore because you don't clean
it yeah I do need to clean it you just do so much stuff in here you know can make
and cheese noises okay okay okay I think we're gonna say that she invented soup I'm
gonna include that one that's the last one though she invented soup yeah this is a
lot of facts but we'll see how it does all right that's the last one we're going
with oh I'd said invented I am also just bad at typing so we'll say maybe it's
okay I'll think you're a soup that all right they gave us this thing it's pretty
much locked-in chat how do I move back where
oh okay boom look at this hot track that we got okay as my recording working no
this is where I have to record sound effects for something else this is an
extensive library of noises I've had to use over the years in fact there's other
tracks and there's Godzilla noises here's another song probably
of his elbows actually he's got diamonds on the souls of his elbows oh yeah you
know what that was the song you did for um Sammy and I couldn't remember what the
backing track was diamonds on the souls of his elbows I have no idea what the
instrumental was I forgot to download it also what is diamonds on the souls of
his elbows even me Sammy is still in strike but hopefully I can return them
all with some advanced techniques okay that's the beauty of Sammy seven elbows
send it over I'll turn it down just a little bit yeah that should be fine you
got it I'm gonna turn it down but you gotta hear at least understand no cuz I'm
gonna make you say words occasionally I'm gonna try to incorporate you in
seamlessly but you only have to say one word at a time okay okay I'm still gonna
just freestyle it I guess occasionally cuz that's the only way I can get it to
say oh wait no you can just read it and then you can comment on maybe the last
word every once in a while okay okay we're recording is it recording negative now
it's recording check check check yeah that's how we do it all right test test
a little bit of reverb in there okay just to help this will surely go smoothly with
no issues whatsoever yeah that's the whole that's the plan it seems like a
good plan okay get out of here there's the wrap you guys can see the beautiful
wrap that we have here okay but you have to remember the cave how does it what
does that mean I gotta go fast I have to feel cool I've never done that once wait
let me look up male k-pop rap or I I or I guess I can just kind of be like one of
those cool ladies God's menu
all right I just have to do that a little whatever we'll figure it out okay
seems fine should be easy all right Kendall you ready for this this is the
song I'm gonna have to play every time you approach so I better make it good
boom oh shit who's who's on the way is that fucking Kendall Lynn what I can't
hear it anyway so my soul just like do it in all in your ear you can't hear it
at all I can't hear anything that's happening
yeah but you just turned up the mic yeah but this one my mic won't really pick
this up okay here we go here we go here we go we got we got to start over a lot
of this is a lot enough for Chad at least all right here we go now this time for
oh shit who's that walking over here that Kendall fucking Lynn yo let me tell
you about a girl in candle got a vibe so wild message raised now this is Christine
by a size of this party but kind of what this is inside your means attitude popping
always popping off say the wrong thing she's gonna pop like a coffee Luke
Queen crack shells with the granddad yoke that so she eats the wind why cuz
her name is what her name is what her name is what what's her name yeah let the
streamers hanging whatever okay yo let the dreams hanging take them a shot bass
probytes yeah you know she's popping off stream more they beg but she goes to
screen set for the bot and I commands 300 clean time so I'm very she creeps for a
while six months deep flowing with style this is weird yo is a lover spite
knocking over shit all right mouse here's on all ready to fight keep it light she
hates the vacuum facts no doubt it was too loud she just dips in and out but the
whole those donkeys adorable to flopping ears there's a while she's popping like a
haiku unemployed yeah never out of work modeling minions you don't even
smirk dream works rang like a girl with a look she hit him with a strut
industry shook dumps like a truck thick like a beat drop mech and cheese knows
when she walked last time she's invented soup like a simmer in your mind
like a girl baby eats redesign candle in what's her name
what's her name
what's her name
say it loud
yeah that's not the last thing this is the last thing I have to say about Kendall
so here's the candle so wild and free she's a pop-off queen on twitch cv from
unlike a vacuum where they fight she lives her days in neon lights she's
cheese mother bugger candle it's got to be good enough okay that's all I needed
your step stool fell while it was happening yeah that's gonna be in the
track there's no way I know all right we just save that let's do a little save
okay then we just export this mmm a little bit of rough a little bit rough
there a little bit harder to find the beat for my lazy white ears but um you know
we do our best you can tighten that up I'll just tighten that up and post I'll
put it's a post work real quick I can't move this later Kendall track she should
play that song every time she walks into an interview from now on no no she said
no I'm just glad I have a way to let you guys know that Kendall's approaching without
me having to say it okay cool okay bye bye yeah I don't want to put chat through
me do you want me to do it live I could technically just do it it's not that
hard we'll just do it it's a five out of five stars track maybe
okay so now you can see the painful process of trying to get this synced a you
have to I have to hear myself again and it's rough enough the first time but
alright here we go now this time for the Kendall song
oh yeah who's that walking over
so that's not on the beat what's gonna sound well you have to find you have to
find the hmm where would you start it where would I come in on this track
probably it's like that I think like that yeah who's that walking over it must
have been here you that heard rapping not on the beat I don't know where I started
though I think that sounds good there but it doesn't
oh wait you know what I can do you know I can do I think it's on YouTube already
streaming live on YouTube we'll find it it's fine you found it eventually I mean
it was off it was already off
oh this is too much work we we just gotta move it around until we find what we like
right but I think this will be faster than me than me moving it around
I don't think so hi look yeah you found it for a split oh actually he's got gonna
just freestyle wait let me look up you can't hear it at all attitude puppet
always here we go a lot of this is a lot enough for Chad at least alright here
we go now this time for the Kendall song oh shit who's that walking over here
that Kendall fucking Lynn you know let me tell you about a girl in candle you were
basically there so it's just right at the top right at the top but that Kendall
fucking Lynn you let me tell you about okay so it's right all right all right
all right we're learning who's that walking over it's right there oh cuz
this is where I start right okay okay well no no we need that we need the yell
so this is the yell
why cuz her name is what I got a pump Kendall because you refuse to get close to
the mic I didn't know what you wanted from me I told you I was gonna try to
get it to talk let's see if we can make it loud enough
okay so you got it we'll do that later it'll be a little more work because I
have to turn up Kendall's Kendall's voice I won't put you guys yeah all right
ADR Kendall there you go the woos and the what I'll add a bunch of woos no I'll
add woos I'll add woos oh no I ruined my chance to get her to do woos I feel
like I did my best I've been waiting this whole goddamn time while you were
doing whatever the fuck that was we're making a Kendall track I'll do the woos
no there's no time Jeff then why am I here to help me report about this important
all these really important events of the day you know the tariffs Rick Flare style
you you don't know how to do my impressions are not I've never claimed
to be an impression guy how to look the tariffs are gone except for China they're
not gone well they're they're less the tariffs are less except for China where
they're insanely high that's mostly what I came to say and also I think there was
a Trump press conference about terrorists Trump tariff press conference I think he
was talking earlier he's been talking a lot saying highly highly things highly
things that he's a president and saying presidential no okay did he do a press
conference or did he just and what we have ended up here as I told everyone a
week ago here he is in this area is talking when I don't know if this is
from this room seven hours ago okay here he is talking so much about something I
assume it's the tariffs courtesy of CBS some some good some positive that you
know you and I'm here for not you for listen to us on trade not only with you
know if you look at it not only with China but China was by far the biggest
of history and others also but somebody had to do it they had to stop because it
was not sustainable last year China made one trillion dollars off trade with the
United States it's not right and reversed it it's for a short period of time but we
made two dollars we're making now two billion dollars a day and somebody had
to do it Roger actually said it that Charles Schwab was here a little while ago
one of the great financial people and he said he's been waiting for 40 years for
somebody to do what I did over the last Charles Schwab's month and if you didn't
do it you wouldn't know who that was I'd be so surprised I'm honored to have
done it and you know look nothing's over yet but we have a tremendous amount of
spirit from other countries including China China wants to make a deal they
just don't know how quite to go about it you know it's one of those things that
are not quite oh he's being semi-conciliatory towards China while
rambling I have a true I have I'll admit this as a news guy I've trouble
listening to him passed about the fifth word he's being racist well I mean
you wilds did we elect him fair point the Charles Schwab am I done for not
knowing who that is isn't a car I all I know is that it's some economist guy
shit I should have known that I don't know anything either well I don't want to
know less than you anyway about five words in I sort of zoned out he's got a
speaking pattern that makes my brain flatline more so than usual but let's
keep going they're proud people and president she's a proud man I know him
very well and they don't know quite how to go about it but they'll figure it out
in the process of figuring out but they want to make a deal and and we have
other we have we have many other countries as you know many more than 75
and they all want to come more than other than the commerce of the good at
Treasury we have our great senators here and congressman they'll call John
they'll do somebody they'll go through somebody but they're all calling how
do we do this they all want to make a deal somebody had to do what we did and I
did a 90 day pause for the people that didn't retaliate if you retaliate we're
gonna double it and that's what I did with China because they did retaliate so
we'll see how it all works out I think it's gonna work out amazing I think
that our country is gonna be at the end of a year is that I thought that was I
couldn't tell that was chat or that Sammy guy who's missing but I guess it's
neither it's just one of the various thumbs that president Trump surrounds
himself with the only man who has a fist of thumbs truly his enforcers are all
extremely thumb like jammy it's jammy that guy's name should be jammy that's
hit one of his top advisors jammy here are shorter but I think we're gonna have
something that nobody would have dreamt possible a man like Roger Penske I don't
want to get him in trouble with guys but he would know that you have to someday
you have to cut the bow and you have to do it there's no way that his base knows
who the fuck these people are very happy to know that the Prime Minister of
Greece just told great barts Matt Boyle that he thinks absolutely the European
Union and the United States could work out a trade deal that's win-win and
mutually beneficial to both sides what do you think about the Prime Minister's
comments and do you think a deal could be struck with the European Union first of
all I know me as a good man and I appreciate his comments yeah deal could
be made with it was hoping it's just a deal a deal is going to be made with
China a deal is going to be made with every one of them and they'll be fair
deals I just want fair they will be fair deals for everybody but they were
looking at these stocks or as they were sucking us dry and you can't do
that you know we have 36 trillion dollars of debt for a reason we don't have it
there but for fun they have it for a reason and people took a lot of it
talks for a while I got forgot that that's a thing he does is he just he
starts talking in the knee he keeps talking I'd love to say it doesn't
matter what he says because it's also stupid but what he said this today the
markets wildly jumps how wildly though like a freely wild jump just a little
while jump only went up biggest day in trading history since 2008 and still
didn't recover the losses over the last five days yeah it was a well it could be
a huge jump but not a case at a wild jump I think wild in this context is
huge massive isn't why okay fine a big jump well how big what it was a big the
stocks went up Jeff I'm just trying to get the facts straight here 28 trillion
dollars in loss and that's a jump well didn't recover everything that it lost
from the initial insane tariff announcement of course he will count
this as a huge win he'll say that he was being like a prescient genius because
you know he held a gun to the world's head and said make deals with me and now
he's gonna claim a bunch of deals have been made I mean I think a sweeping 10%
tariff is still pretty awful the stock just has new owners just like all of us I
have to stand or the shower for 15 minutes until it gets wet it comes out
drip drip drip it's ridiculous is a real quote from Trump today can we find
him saying that is when people like on TV you know how there's a mad king you
mean like Game of Thrones yeah like the guy who sets people on fire and he's like
burn them all that's just that only happens on TV right you know I guess not
not not maybe maybe not let's just hope he doesn't start liking fire as much as
he likes tariffs although if you live in certain parts of the world well the US
as a country seems to really love fire like a Targaryen not one of the nice
ones he also said countries are kissing my ass for new deals I heard that one I
think I think we might have that one and I find that one let's see if we can get
him saying that Trump let's just look up Trump kissing ass oh this is and I think
we're gonna do much here's a here's a here's him from one of the many gollas he
attends the very important gollas that a president must go to at night galahs better
than that this time because this time I'm doing what I want to do with respect to
the tariffs I think we're gonna do much better and don't let some of these
policies go around so you know because I'm telling you these countries are calling
us up kissing my ass they are they are dying to make it here please please make
it here I'll do anything I'll do anything you look so bad and then I'll
see some rebel Republican guy that wants to grandstand so I think that Congress
should take over negotiations let me tell you you don't negotiate like I
negotiate I'm offended that's not very presidential oh really that's what got you
I'm starting to think this guy might not be very presidential using pot it using
bottom language like that bottom language he's using bottom language dirty
bottom language it's fucking gross what sorry I mean I'm it's not
appropriate he probably called ice on the person who did his hair I that's how he
looks every time that means he's going through hairdressers like crazy which is
possible but this is how he always looks there's no mistake here well there
are several mistakes here for all of us infinite mistakes honestly but for him
the hair somehow isn't one of them and who are we to argue he seems to be able to
somehow do whatever he wants with no personal consequences that is surprising
he's now they talk about sort of just a bowl in a china shop but what if the
bowl was really sick and old and dying but still breaking everything and we
just didn't stop it the weakest worst bowl you've ever seen could push it
over with one finger and you're just letting me go to town on the china shop
breaking the whole goddamn thing because you're I guess you're just like that
bowl is funny if it's a really sick bowl breaking everything that is
debatably kind of funny exactly so I guess we're just gonna let it do it he
does his own hair and makeup with I think he goes to the finger painters at
like a at a fair and he says give me the lion mane but only that color all
over the face all the person figures just frozen in fear it's a it's a
terrifying china shop and China's in the name
I Jeff you really cracked the code I finally came up with the perfect
metaphor and now everybody gets it yes we all know exactly what's going on I
do want to hear him say this thing that a wolf and what why did he bring up a
shower probably about how like nothing works in America anymore you probably
was like everything's bad and it's and I'm gonna fix it all its showers are even
bad that sounds like the kind of thing you would say President Trump speaks
before signing an executive order what's this President Trump speaks before
signing an executive order the Oval Office where's the shower thing
restoring shower freedom wait what oh it was a President Trump has signed an
executive order Wednesday to redefine the word shower head in federal so it was a
bill about showers I did not see that coming I really thought it was just
him talking there I guess there was a whole shower bill sorry this should
have been our top story of the day the tariffs tariffs come and go clearly
at a surprisingly rapid pace but the shower story fill us in Jeff
okay oh no oh no my pictures are gone where'd my beautiful pictures go
dang it I lost them sorry everybody I'm just gonna google Trump shower really
quick and see if I can get him talking about it oh here he is here's Trump
showering oh that's not a video dang it it's so hard to find video mmm okay well
at least we have this picture let's go to let's go to Twitter I need to find him
talking about showers surely if I just searched Trump shower we'll find it
because I don't really care about the facts I mostly want to hear him say
the word shower okay here with I think this is him talking about showers to be
reversing that set of regulations to ensure that Americans have choice in the
consumer market if they want a low-flow showerhead they can buy one if they
want a real deal shower had nobody should have money and the developers you're
not allowed to do anything more they put restrictors on they used to have a
restrictor where you could take it out but now they welded in and you take a
shower wash your hands whatever you do including dishwashers when no water comes
up but you wash your hands and in my case I like to take a nice shower to take
care of my beautiful hair
I'll laugh that might lead to them getting deported
drip drip drip it's ridiculous and what you do is you end up washing your hands
five times longer so it's the same water and we're gonna open it up so that
people can live and we're gonna hopefully have Congress approve it so it's
memorialized this executive order
huh well I got I'm on his side on this one it's long been one of my top
priorities is nothing penetrates my impossibly thick top hair and beard hair
I need sort of a firehouse hose in any shower that I enter and the drip drip is
honestly pathetic I mean when he's right he's right this in plastic straws
I don't really I haven't noticed a huge issue with my showers are you hacking the
shower system illegally case water the water needs to be stronger you're
starting somewhere like Trump be careful I I'm not saying he's a good guy but he
can be right about the showers is this a real I guess this is the kind of thing
I can imagine like a cantankerous old man complaining about it's woke LA
water your hair is gone woke out here case it's not true rural middle America
hair like mine I mean frankly my hair looked right now looks like I don't
shower well that's a choice from you I do though I do I shower twice a day I
actually do just proves my point none of this shit is real with Jake okay
Jake's in case he was bitching about low-flow toilets in the first term oh I
remember that one was slightly funnier because that made you think of him
taking impossibly huge shits I am well I'm a clean boy because partially
because Kendall gets viscerally grossed out by people who don't shower before
bed and then I kind of like to shower during the day so I just double up
viscerally grossed out I respect and love Kendall and you do a lot with her
it's adorable it's that much to ask to be a clean boy you don't say it like that
for a guy that smells like a shit all the time DJ teacher loves showers
Donathan Jaler Thomas what am I having a stroke I don't know chat Jeff sorry
chat was the only one I had for a while not counting Peter well we shouldn't
count Peter all right well anyway the tariffs are on again off again like so
many relationships whether you're a country or a person it's just hard to lock
it down but don't worry they might be back in 90 days or more than likely than
not they'll just get it's sort of a game of progressive delays look forward to
every news cycle being x thing that terrified you has been delayed for one
to three months for the next four years or maybe forever if he runs again
because we might delay we might sort of delay for 90 days ever getting a new
president until this one cracks the key to immortality it's a tariff on all of our
brains all the time the Trump tariff on your very existence it's a try not to
think about Trump challenge you won't last 60 seconds trying to not think
about the state of the world that's fun it's a fun time to be alive well then
continue to do a chat keep living and I'll keep rippling because it's my last
name and we'll see you soon bye bye the gorilla does all the music for the show
as that many is playing this fucking rock and guitar right now yeah but he's in
the booth right now you can play on multiple instruments they only plays
live for select segments why are you sitting so low in the front because
there was a big graph above me for some reason you look fucking weird you
say that every time with respect very nice it's not what with respect it's not
oh nice with respect that's my parole officer Chris I'm Trent I'm at the
movies you might have fucking noticed popping off his fedora putting it back
on way back there I don't know how he does it I guess he's a magician and he
certainly dressed like one who magicians wear fedora's I think they're the
only people other than you that do so it should be illegal for you not to
have a deck of cards on you well I do have a deck of cards on me I keep a deck
of cards tucked into my sock like a real OG that is not a real OG thing what yeah
real OGs keep always have a deck of cards always have a lighter and a deck of
cards are you from like the 1930s no I did do the math but no can I move up
there we go back on top Fedora Chris feels like he's cosplaying the movie
adjustment bureau I see there's some real OGs in chat that know that they keep
a deck of cards in their socks and a lighter in their lapel Jesus Christ
where the Minecraft who lips to throw popcorn all over Chris dude I was
trying to pop off I was trying to like throw chickens around the theater and
like break a bunch of shit because a green guy popped up on the movie screen
but Chris confiscated all my popcorn and knives you can't throw knives it's
dangerous young blood that's not enough that's not an appropriate way to react
to being excited for a movie dude let's watch some clips of that shit because
that's technically movie and it's funny Minecraft theater see if there are
people doing this shit look at all this stuff that people are doing that's in
really good taste I love it bringing a real chicken to the movie theater and
then I guess throwing the chicken or something yep just dangerously wielding
the chicken around so funny dude I love being a teen I don't think well maybe
those are teenagers I don't know but I don't think it's a good idea to bring
a chicken into a movie theater is that even an FDA approved chicken it's a
party fucking approved chicken dude here's another clip of I guess the teens
having a great my fellow teens having a good time this is the same clip it's the
chicken one again actually it's a different angle everyone has their
phone out as well everyone in the theater is fully reporting themselves just
some fully spontaneous non-corporately motivated fun I don't know I don't
really think the Minecraft promotional team had the wherewithal to force this
to happen I do feel it feels a little try hard to me but I guess I should I
shouldn't be mad because I will sound extremely out of touch dude it's the
it's the new Rocky Horror Picture show because it's so funny the specific way
that it's bad it's bad in a really unique way and not an incredibly
forgettable deeply depressing way so it's fun to be obsessed with it oh I'm glad
that's what's happening yeah it's a good it's good that we're all making this
thing fun and more profitable I like I love that this is happening as a teen
you say you're a teenager a little too much young blood I can't I can't help
it that I'm so young let's see what this clip is is this the chicken one again
is this the only trick they have we're ready let's go save the over we take the
overworld irony is alive and well and it's as funny as ever I'm so glad that
irony is still an active force in the world and doing great things truly culture
continues to find new mountain tops to climb and today we have summited another
we've summited summited some something or it
summer it we've summered a mountain you don't understand the youth and it
scares you I'm right there with you and I am young stop forcing it I'm am
though okay should I go see that movie do I need to try to recapture a sense of
youth by watching the Minecraft movie yeah yeah it's the it's if you want to be in
with the kids you gotta go see them and you gotta do you gotta do irony at it
this is what the kids are calling it are you misleading me all the kids are
calling it doing irony at the Minecraft movie and it's it's hip they're saying
hip again yeah all the kids are saying it hip again they're talking just like me
okay cuz I'm gonna trial this out with the youths so please don't mislead me
with respect I'm not all right well we're here to watch I think trailers you
were just watching despite your best efforts young blood you were technically
just watching a feature film no I was only watching in one minute burst that
does still it's basically a trailer doesn't count okay what's out today
other than the Minecraft movie in theaters now go check it out why are you
promoting the Minecraft movie for them because it's it's now the film of a
generation it's somehow become the film of my generation this cop and a half
I don't know if that's what we should go with Steppenwolf what the hell is
like the Chicago theater company Steppenwolf okay why do you know about
the Chicago theater company Steppenwolf because I'm a member of their pro plus
plan I get for it to three free tickets a year you're not in Chicago yeah but I
support local theater okay how old are you really I'm a teenager let me let me
watch this Steppenwolf what the fuck is it
it's a war thing
I'm going to use cool ton tommy listen to the rubik's cube movie
I'm gonna do that I was gonna do this is a road movie I thought it was a rubik's cube
movie
you're such a thing as what well there's guns that's a feature of most fun
supposedly
so it's sort of about being sad and tortured alright I'm in it looks almost as
good as the Minecraft movie though I do have to say I don't love that it said
it won't let me look away because the Minecraft movie will let me look away
really the whole time you can actually look at your phone the whole time
during the Minecraft movie and get the same experience so all I've mixed feelings
based on that one quote I think you're still allowed to look away it said I'm
not allowed to so I just don't know if that's for me though I don't see any
movies I do only watch trailers I yes I'm aware that's why I'm a trailer expert
murder bot is this a good thing they Google just movie time they put that
this is a chat gbt movie right murder bot this is from Apple TV plus the plus is
for all of the additional shows you watch after severance oh should probably just
be a surprise half you may be a minus Apple minus how long did it take you guys
to realize this stream is nothing but utter nonsense and sheer buffooner for
you it took three years damn I have I've been streaming three years not quite
but you're getting close well dudes I Steve I'm sorry I took that long for me
I'm still actually pretty convinced I'm doing serious work here so difference of
opinion let's watch murder bot I am a security unit or sec unit I was built to
protect and obey humans and humans are idiots but now that I've hacked my
programming I can do whatever I want as long as they don't find out now let's
security we need you to select a second to take on the mission this is the newest
model available I'm so on behind that's a refreshed model oh look is this an AI
movie is this the first one or the millionth one anyway sorry let's keep
watching a piece of crap oh wait that's me which was the least expensive that one
but you get what you pay for true wouldn't be so creepy but in Stan so
still sh can hear us I could I just didn't care I was watching the entertainment
channels on the company satellites I watched 7,532 hours of content shows like
the rise and fall of sanctuary moon did you sleep with that bot stars captain oh
what now run stay calm it'll be okay I didn't know that the face yeah it's kind
of a sweet face stop staring at me I wasn't stop staring me oh he's just a guy I
have been noticing some anomalies with the second it oh and when I plugged into its
system the unit was already rogue it calls itself murder bot house private it's a
killing machine murder but you stop calling it what's terrible I mean that's
what it calls itself so I'm just being respectful do we can trust it seems
like it's going through something my contact
there was a chance yes everything turned on fine I like how much like AI it looks but
I don't like that they're getting fun with it and trying to tell like a remotely
original story you like the off-putting AI look and you dislike the potentially
unique storytelling elements yeah I kind of would prefer it be a little bit more
like the Minecraft movie which looks like AI and feels like AI the whole time
that one was sort of in the middle for me because at times I almost thought are
they trying to do something fun here and tell an original story or are they
trying to give me some AI slop because I would really like one or the other and
at this point I'm just a custom to a lot so I guess I'll go with that it did
have some elements to it I like it seems like a playful original sci-fi
premise original ish somewhat original vaguely original sci-fi premise but
with the look of every other streaming show in a way that does make it difficult for
your eyes to kind of focus on anything particular in the frame it's not that
no it's not that original it's barely original yeah and that barely original
is kind of getting to me I just at this point just you know commit to if it was
more like one of those trailers where they're like what a Star Wars had to
cast a family guy in it and it's just kind of a single frames as the camera
slowly zooms in on like Stewie as a stormtrooper while a completely monotone
voice says this is Stewie but as a stormtrooper that would be more my taste
it's pretty depressing young blood I just like what I like dude all right let's
keep going love plus the volume four of love death and robots predator killer
of killers whoa you can kill a killer if you're a predator oh my god this
could be huge let's find out oh we'll watch the devil sword after this
lot of things are enough now it's time I tell you okay we'll also watch coppa
yeah the monster us all
no it only kill the killers I've been misled I thought this was a killer killer
rain at zero to five last one was three and a half ish stars of murder bots now
I think it was extremely fair score for murder bot how about killer of killers
a predator story that's a that's an even stronger title possibly a predator
journey killer of killers I like I don't know whatever I've seems like it's in
that style that movies are in now you mean cartoons the stop motion e we dropped
a couple frames out of this whoever figured out that for some reason that
looks cool was the genius of animation of our time because everybody else is
like should we keep these frames in we generated them and only one guy had the
courage to say take out half those frames it'll look stylish and then
everyone had the courage to do that forever since then truly brave I do
actually I have no problem with that style who directed that killer of what
studios doing this who is the killer of the killers
predator killer of killers Dan Trachtenberg okay who also directed
predator Bradlands prey and ten cover fleet Cloverfield Lane so sure Dan
Trachtenberg I'm unfamiliar with Dan Trachtenberg there's also an action
predator this year we're getting so many predators okay speaking of killers we
now need to watch well we'll end on the devil's sword because I'm a little
concerned cop and a half could hurt you all so we'll have a strong we'll have our
we'll have our dessert last with the devil's sword and first you have to
eat this healthy healthy serving of I'm assuming spoiled vegetables with cop
and a half new recruit fuck it we'll do six trip we can even do Tron Aries I
don't know what that is but it sounds Greek and I celebrate the Greek people
and their computers this is a city in chaos I have no choice but to postpone
this year's harvest valley festival the city needs me you're not a cop why'd you
make me home on it you made that sash yourself oh that guy still we have a
not case out there who thinks that he is a comic book villain we have to catch
this bandit before the harvest valley festival next week I think we need
some fresh eyes on this green a fully oh that's half a cop dude universal pictures
present but it's what's a whole cop kids toy to me carbon fiber blades composite
body this is no kids story an all-new movie how did you know where to fly me
and why do you look like you just rolled out of a low budget buddy cop
booty did you normally take valuable evidence out for breakfast oh I love that
you take the entrance got your flake covered she fucking got his ass
well done kid now this is that minecraft quality I'm looking for probably
gonna need a badge in a gun cop and a half new recruit anything exciting happen
in your vote today just an average day right on DVD and it'll be so good all
these other movies are just rushing in to promote themselves over the trailer for it
probably the best trailer we've seen today cop and a half the best one that one
was the most like the minecraft movie so I really like that's your new standard
for me that mother new standard is is it like them is it the minecraft movie
that's how you get a five stars and then scaling down from there is like the
minecraft movie Trent is truly 13 years old dude I'm just so young that my
taste is straight Nickelodeon though I do sometimes get this sort of uneasy sense
two and a half stars correct actually that's correct that there's only two and
a half percent like the minecraft movie that's a good score I think that's not
a great score oh it's a sequel was the first one cop half half cop and then
they added a one to make it a sequel because they should have just added a
half technically the sequel if cop and half is the sequel I feel like the first
one should have just been half cop and then the sequel is cop because you're
going up by inter interiors of five everything you said was so disappointing
just now I feel like we should just move on alright because we are ending on the
devil's sword the devil is sword by uh-oh I can't say this title out loud
because I feel like it'll surprise people so it's Bob production company whose
name you'll see in a second
oh my god
there's also sex
oh my god
laser crocodile multi-dimensional sword Turkish Star Wars vibes for sure I think
I know about as a young child I'm torn because it wasn't that much like the
minecraft movie but I'll be real I did enjoy it yeah because that's the worst
standard to try to keep for a movie ever I need to have a new standard does it
need to be how much like the movie the devil's sword is it when I measure how
good a movie is just look in your heart and ask did I enjoy this film
and in what ways did it resonate with me and then translate that into a five star
rating system well anyway we got comments that I forgot to hit how long is
his community service for I think that might have been about
um Chris how long is your community service
you're the one who's doing community service and you still got a lot left
five stars the academy's going nuts
the academy loves how well that did I keep the Oscars around just in case
anything is worthy of one smart that we don't have to wait all year
this AI telling humans how they will win with the murder robots
you should interview the jack black minecraft movie possible toy
oh yeah I gotta show this off not cases brother
pointing this out the case jack black jack black minecraft
movie toy come on where is it there it is look at this masterpiece
look at this thing boom let's get a close upon this
yeah this is this is what they bring to the movies and you put it you buy a
seat for it you put it next to it that's one of the sport of the memes
that we are doing about the minecraft movie look at his fucking crotch
it's just boom right there jeans fit different
for ought slash 90s movie stars that's how jeans used to fit
that's not not how jeans are in a human ever
young blood that's a toy a realistic toy that's how jack blacks crotch is
are you trying to make are you trying to body shame jack black
for having a crotch like this with extreme definition
he just does it's a it's a strong thigh gap i mean he's gained yeah he's like a
not a slim dude but he works out his legs a lot now he's got a
really good thigh gap and i respect that personally i don't
know why you're so against it chris okay well i don't really
there's just no point in me even trying to pierce the veil of
miasma of stupidity surrounding you excuse me with respect young blood you
you're i think you have brain damage all right well i think the thigh gap is
strong and i think the trailers are done
okay nice i ended with a really good rhyme and that's why we get out of here for
the day because you do in fact know what it is we'll see you soon bye bye
oh good it's jake kind of remind me that other guy was talking to you
those movie star good looks you got rockin jake
okay the clapping does scare him it didn't like it
no thanks no thank you hmm do you like the music yeah you scared you at first
at first it scared me but he's good
that guy's good okay are you ready to watch uh internet videos no
oh i'm ready okay soft music for jake i'm standing on a
pillow that doesn't do much for you you just it looks like it's just
gonna make you slip keep my feet soft okay whatever
uh nothing to adult for jake this features an alexa so how crazy could it be
it's amazon approved let's see what we got i think you just whispered to me
from now on when you whisper i will whisper back oh you're a dirty bitch
oh my god oh my god alexa i'd rather fart for me you didn't like that
oh good he likes we brought him back i don't like it
hmm that was the bubblegut that was the shitting your pants that's when it gets
wet enough it's no longer a fart sound it's a shit sound
stop it everybody poops jake even you
i've seen that video before not that exact one i've seen that genre video where
you whispered alexa to tell to tell it to fart
but that one got a little deeper with it that one was well paced
a solid example of the genre there's a whole genre
there's mollusk probably it's probably a lot of them
okay here's um street interviews
really sorry i came all the way from scotland i thought the least we're going
to win two games they lost it must have been the fact that the guys were so
overwhelmed at the size of my massive fucking
tits do the lost concentration i am sorry they let me sit on the bench
that's why they lost today they were overcome by scottish
pheromones they didn't know what they were doing why why what why is it like this
this is pretty normal this is pretty normal for internet videos
what are your internet videos cat remixes what cat remixes
your social media feed is it's entirely cat remixes
like the music remix with other animals
dog cats bird cat this okay well today we're gonna try some other
types of things out like the cats are djs
stop it jake it's just a graphic all right let's keep going
this is the shocking moment a runaway indoor train smashed into diners drinking
coffee in a mall in thailand terrified shop is screamed as the out of control
vehicle plowed into tables and chairs narrowly missing a couple enjoying their
drinks shocked mothers carried their children off
the ride following the crash what was it on rails
i gotta see this again this is the shocking moment a runaway indoor train
smashed into diners drinking coffee in a mall in thailand terrified
it's escaped cleveland vehicle clouded tables and chairs
narrowly missing a couple enjoying their drinks shocked mothers carried their
children off the ride following the crash
that what is that driver doing look at him he's just frozen
yes and it doesn't adjust the whole time watch the driver
smashed into diners drinking coffee in a mall in thailand
he's still steering what does it mean screamed as the out of control vehicle
plowed into talon is too much hype apparently was that train on tracks at
some point it's fine no don't don't don't don't
do not touch your nose cows you might like this it's
it's pet related it's like a really big cat with hoops
if you think of it that way it's a cow we found your
moon good job we take a move i don't understand
it's not supposed to be the noise it's actually making
you found your is that really is that am i expected to believe
that that's the noise that cow is making yep
that's not even sound haven't you heard
how does it sound sexy that's a question for you propaganda not the
collie with okay he's getting more comfortable with it
um horse girl what does that mean uh oh guys you're not gonna like this
this is from live in sleazy i'm gonna call you up before this one live in sleazy
so at least you know what's coming but i just suspect chat's gonna hate this
not to try to influence you like that one cat horse
wasn't a cat cat horse and basically cat horse
what about it was a cat ears kind of a yeah kind of a good song cat horse song
more of a cat person trying to figure out how they can afford to travel across the
country well it's horse girl they have a strong
tic-tac brothers over 13.3k subscribers who knows what their
patreon is like for instance vip very important pony
oh that's the song we were just listening to horse cat
it said the name is horse girl jake just so you know
she really is playing playing coachella she really is playing coachella
oh it's horse girl like a big deal horse girl's playing how hard is it to play
coachella this is making me reassess
horse girl and mohawk okay i guess horse girl's popular
jake can you solve this capture for me please
this is too much for me oh god it's two h's
her horse and another h forget
we did it i like it lick lick okay jake sir jake parker became okay
that's okay no that's the girl with the horse
face that's horse girl there's more we're not doing another
horse girl song all right what's this guy gotta say
let's go back to humans when was the last time you heard someone say that that
something that they say can change almost everything on earth and solve
almost all the problems on earth well you haven't right so you probably should
pay a lot of close attention to the person who says that
and i know some people say like love just have kindness everyone should be
kind well those aren't specific actionable steps
i'm telling you if you eat only fruit forever
and if everyone eats only fruit forever then we can solve almost all the problems
on earth and it will cause all the problems to be
solved practically and you don't have to deal with
issues anymore because it's good who's that guy that everybody
posts on twitter now dan henchel
is that his name guy does the baby stuff
whoa okay that's fair actually hmm anyway that i'm a little worried that might
inspire a genre of basically that though i guess just the
general sort of degradation of everything is already inspired a genre
just i'm mentally ill and i'm doing it online
uh anyway like i could actually be mentally ill in which case
my heart goes out to him i suppose but probably could also just be a guy
kind of doing a just doing that as a gimmick
it's fun to know that both of those possibilities are maybe the second one's
a little more likely actually i fruit toast not just
let's do two more let's do two more hey this is a cat thing
this is right this is for you jake cat robot
they actually turned down to go well maybe are they as popular as horse girl
yeah oh yeah maybe they easily could be
looking out there hmm okay let's end on this clip of super password
it's two minutes long but it could be a winner
like horse girl or the cats and the theramans
this cat cat robot that's what happens inside wales when they talk
i'm so much of those cats jake likes cats remixes okay here's a super password
okay 300 for michael salisa our chancellor is at the store she will
and you get the magic toaster it's good that you get to watch this one path
okay so you push that down the word is inside there we saw the folks at home
what the cash word is and you have three chances to communicate that to michael
and we're ready for clue number one swagger pirate
clue number two swagger event that's a very good clue
final clue oh just qualified too bad too bad
swagger and then just the word throw it out okay then then what do we do
i'll take the three
you broke your toaster
we just continue what do you think would happen
high technology oh get me that i can fix this
now play all right there's the chat and we just play
there we'll be back in just a moment the next time the cash order to be worth
four thousand dollars that's easy to say the word
change partner guys change more i don't want you to be worried our cracker jack
staff over there came rushing in and said ha ha burt we were prepared
we have a new magic so you're gonna break this one too
because i don't want to see it break okay everybody's eyes went well
all right if you're ready to go here's a three hundred dollar puzzle terisa you
are behind uh michael has three hundred dollars if you're going to catch up
now is the time edie and pat given the clues here comes the first word of that
puzzle he didn't keep doing the bit that was a 10
like the fire now hmm okay three hundred dollars before tariffs
pre-inflation three hundred dollar tariff list three hundred dollars
you could buy a house with that back then you couldn't you couldn't really
okay we'll just we'll go we'll let jake kind of dance his way out of here
the show is on buzzer every day every day i guess there's a probably pretty
massive catalog of uh game shows for the buzzer network but
that's a classic apparently apparently all right uh that'll do for today we'll
hit some more in these videos on friday jake thanks for keeping it together
my pillow help jake that pillow is gonna make you slip one of these days
jake stop i don't want you to i don't want you out of a tumble
okay i'm not gonna slip don't build it up and then not slip
i'm gonna slip i'm not gonna slip
what's up my name chat remix hi chat hello it's your boy
chef man chat shit i got my name wrong i said chef but it's chef
well maybe i should try out chef no it's a little confusing i think you just
stay with chat big i'll be the chatter
and i think i'm doing the speed through today i think i finally get to
fucking do the speed run of the news i think you've done it before
thoughts on epic universe um
i've seen a couple clips i've heard the lines are extremely
themed let's let's say epic universe speed run
is there a quick one epic universe 15 minutes
i explored dark universe at epic universe okay all these people are at epic
universe i can't believe i'm saying this
welcome to dark universe i can't believe he's saying
whoa that actually looks pretty good look at that dark dark castle
a fire windmill killing the monster daily
damn transigual the 28 months universal world of monsters and science
experiments it's creepy it's cinematic and it is
unlike any other world here at epic universe
okay let's just jump around a little bit it's fun
such a good time that it's like i don't know it's it's just called a curse of
the werewolf that everybody's here in experience in it
curse of the windmill together curse really big head i know this looks
ridiculous of the hat i don't care and of course
first of the entrance shot shout outs to the pew two
the pew two channel is called the pew two
oh we were just watching whatever that pew two
okay well whatever are you gonna go i think kendall and i are gonna go but
probably not for a minute because we were just in
florida he was literally wearing a hat on a hat that's
very true card game it's a bar that that whole park is a bar no one of
the things that they showed us a bar can you drink outside like it's
ebkot uh maybe how to train your dragon animatronics
okay a big universe how to train your dragon
animatronics oh this that's the thing they keep
that keeps in clips of oh it's the same guy oh man
it is the pew two beautiful olive burk is absolutely so so excited for all of us
it's a coaster whoa it's robots oh my god there's so many
dragons to train there's that guy
there's a little boat the first thing that jumps
off the page is just the thing
oh my god there's line outside about one of the time
the first of the snow one i get to the first of this guy's line myself
they've got a windmill in the back there too we really can't maybe you can see it
behind chat there's a windmill in the back there
they better have the world's largest carousel do they
his beard game is better than mine yes but not mine
they said your name not my name which is cheff
chat you can pet toothless that's that's the main dragon case
keep up man god okay well uh that's fun i'll be there someday
but not soon enough to make a big deal out of
me getting to be one of the first people there and that's the metric if you
like what gets you excited case of early access
no i just mean i by the time i go it might not be that novel
but i do plan on going eventually i do also think um
i feel like from my experiences more recently going to theme parks i feel
like universal might be a little ahead of the
curve like over disney i don't know if that's controversial
but whenever i go on their new stuff it feels a little more like they're
trying though i did like the guardians the new
the new ish guardians roller coaster at disney quite a bit
but i don't know sometimes when i see the the newer universal stuff i'm like
disney you're supposed to be the one with all the money who does the inventive
things time's changed case i think disney is a whole
other world so i can only imagine what the tariffs are like on it they're
probably paying 200 tariffs because they got to come in off-planet
you know great point um okay let's see what stories
we've got today what music do you want for your news roundup chat
burp music that won't do can't wait for the invisible man actor to lose
their shit stripped on and start running through the park naked
shouting you can't see me or john cenic could do that
or they could do it together tag team so many options for this exciting new
park truly god i have so many tabs open
okay let's settle my tabs down i'm soothing my tabs
and now let's open a bunch of other tabs
so that check can run us through all these stories
cycler just shared a horse girl story oh my god
first girl's taking over everything if putting a silly thing on your face
makes you famous then how come i'm not famous yet well you don't do a good
jet you don't do it like horse girl man
she doesn't wake fucking cooler nice it my man that does sound right that does
sound correct unfortunately okay this is like 10 stories so this
should be enough ish oh something about
buttholes okay well i know this butthole one chat there's a lot of stories here
so you gotta kind of choose your you gotta you gotta burn through these bad
boys choose your words carefully i will be a man of
concision concise consists concision concise concise yes
get me burp rap can i play burp rap no you're you can't play burp rap
you can play a classic rock trap beat behind you how about that that's that
was my second choice was butt rock rap let's torture the audience with some
butt rock rap behind this news yeah sounds about right
i turned it way down on your behalf chit chat chat i'm chit
why are you forgetting your name today there's just so much news to get through
it's i got my brain is already overtaxed in a stunning utune trump
warks back tariffs okay we we did we learned all about that utune earlier
utune uturn do my best there's a lot to read meet ronan the landmine
sniffing rat that set a unique world record
her sniffing mines as a rat isn't that a record on its own
no that's apparently normal it's most upset some other kind of record
what the fuck this shit's blowing my mind a landmine sniffing rat in
cambodia has set a new world record by becoming the first rodent in the
world to uncover more than 100 mines and other war remnants so it
was for sn- for sniffing mines nice i mean what else would it have been for
i don't know am i okay
chep's doing great i'm rude chet if you need a break just tell me i am
flying okay uh trump signs executive order on
water pressure to restore shower freedom we saw that earlier i believe
is that a thing that you read earlier we we mentioned it yes
the water no longer drips drips now it drop drops oh finally i can get a drop
drop water shower for too long my water
shower has not been putting out water that's a fully separate issue chet
shoot that they're not fixing that for me because it's putting out some weird
stuff goos and sometimes bugs that's a separate
call a plumber government doesn't do fucking anything for me
her horse girl is a half human a half horse and a full musician
how she went from farm to coachella farm fed music music
oh my god there's our own horse how come homemade horser doesn't do anything
other than be the size of a building that's his only ability currently
if you increase water pressure for a shower by a speakman shower head
i can't recommend it enough my shower is not that strong but it seems fine
maybe wouldn't have to shower twice in that case if you had a stronger shower
anyway there's horse girl you might know her as the girl with the horse face
or maybe she's not the only one you know you know i'm fucking saying bro
down at my house wouldn't kick a horse girl out of bed
nothing no nothing for any of that chat the german musician and dj goes by the
name stella stallion i thought it was horse girl identifies as a half horse
half human both on and off stage she's hitting the
scene in 2022 she's taking the electro dance world by storm
with songs like my barn my rules and material horse
wait a minute she identifies as half horse isn't that like
every joke that conservative comics have told for the last decade
she's living the dream of doing that type of
thing of making that pretty yep taste and appreciate chat godfather
reference with the horse head in bed you didn't like how smart i am
you know i love how smart you are chat thank you finally a little bit of
recognizing on my song ended don't worry there's more southern hip hop rock
rap oh this is good stuff she is farming
conservative media she's every type of farm you can imagine
she's doing all the farm stuff because she owes horse
what the yes take my privacy uh the last of us renewed for season three by
hbo after glowing season two reviews is season two currently out
are we i'm not supposed to be watching a thing every sunday or something i
thought it wasn't out yet am i missing out are we fucking missing out on the
cultural conversation how are we supposed to water cooler talk oh it's not
out yet thank god because otherwise what will we talk about at the water cooler
i don't think that still happens i think being part of the conversation now is
just maybe posting on twitter
that's just no i'm i'll be at the water cooler discussing this show
just like i've been discussing separeance
severance are you okay yes okay alaska's alaska's only woman is nearly
three inch three inches tall all right shut i think you've lost the ability to
read no let me try again alaska woman's nearly
three inch mouthcape breaks world record there we go i found it
that's crazier than the first thing you said three inch mouthgate what the
book i kind of have always known that i have
a very tall mouth as a little kid i had seven siblings and as kids do we used
to put stuff in our mouths all the time and it always confused me when people
were like oh light bulbs are you know don't put them in your mouth they get
stuck but they never got stuck in my mouth and you
let her man do an orange and people look at that and they think
that's something that really exists i wonder if i can do that
holy hell i don't want to object to track at her but
damn is that even sexual obviously it's a mouth thing and there's a lady
there's no choice but for it to be sexual what's this guy doing
sorry this is unrelated unrelated oh my god is he gonna survive
you got it man there's two left out 20 seconds left
i can't tell actually that man proved us all wrong
uh i yep i guess if i saw a table of a bunch of rubber
water bottles and that guy walked up to me and said i'm gonna
pop all of these in around a minute it'd be like
don't yeah and he proved you wrong good for him
you think he and the mouth lady are dating because they're both
good at mouth his mouth is skill yes very much so
i know that i i don't want to make you can see sexy but
he could inflate your balls and then she could put your that blown up ball that
he blew up in his mouth inflate your human balls yeah you
could blow into your balls and they get huge and she could put your whole
distended nut sack into it she could fit the whole thing in her
mouth i don't want to get too graphic that's both
nonsensical and way too graphic chat i'm just i'm trying to imagine how they
interact and that's what you came up with they blow up
your balls and she puts them in her mouth
he blows up my balls but not sexually but then sexually okay chat enough
he can blow you so hard he could dude he could blow my penis probably like
off my body he could like turn my penis into one of those like
pressure rockets it could shoot up into sky
i don't think you understand anything about human anatomy well i'm a news
guy got case i don't claim to be a skintist shoot i do don't
yes oh oh yeah okay well anyway wife of basis shot by cops booked for attempted
murder oh it's a little less fun than the
most stuff the wife of a of will weasier basis
got shriner was shot by cops during a wild chase in
la what tmz has learned and she was booked for attempted
murder she got shot and booked for murder and the band and the band the weasers
involved i've not heard of this i guess they're not
involved they're just they're marionne-ly involved but not involved in the
shooting that is it well yeah california highway
patrol and la pad officers responded to hit and run tuesday uh
afternoon on a freeway winding through the eagle rock neighborhood of los
angeles oh my god i know people who live in los
angeles we're currently in los angeles jet
damn you never think it can happen to you until you live in los angeles
mouth is a very uh mic shot by quick mouth is a very mic shot by cops in
charge with crime that checks out out our kittable skill
i'm glad that everybody's kind of brain is working like mine today because i
understand what you're putting down my double it was about the story but
right about a few type was in it the haiku
fuck i didn't even i missed the haiku mouth is a very
i can't i can't keep up oh i see i hit the wrong button
um mouth is a marketable skill there we go
that's fine we we got that from the first one we did oh yeah i did
okay the suspect stripped off some of it wait the suspect stripped off some
of his clothing the wife of weezer basis scott schreiner
was shot by cops uh okay i gotta i gotta read the
whole thing because i'm so confused the wife of weezer basis scott schreiner
was shot by cops during this wild chase uh the lpd who responded to a hit
and run the eagle rock area the suspects
fled the c9 foot one bailed out of his vehicle climbed over a freeway
embankment and ended up on a residential street the suspect
stripped off some of his clothing trying to blend into the neighborhood it
didn't work as cops secured the area officers went into the backyard of a
house where the suspect had fled scott's wife jillian
loren emerged from the couple's house next door gun in hand it's unclear what
she's oh so she wasn't doing the the car chase officers yelled at her to drop the
weapon but cops say she ignored multiple commands
and la pd says she then pointed her weapon at officers they fired striking
her shoulder she ran back into the house
30 minutes later loren and her babysitter emerged from the house with their
hands up and surrendered to cops what huh 30 uh law enforcement tells tmz
loren was taken to a hospital and treated for non-life threatening gunshot wounds
is this her part oh that's her okay everybody
hey the original suspect was apprehended the other two were on the loose
loren has led a colorful life she wrote a book called some girls my life in a
harem which chronicles her time as a guest of the prince of brunet
wow weezer weezer living quite a lifestyle
so she came out sounds kind of odd why would she like get off my property cops
or something yeah i mean i don't want to immediately
cast doubt on all sides it just doesn't
super makes sense why she would do that prove those gun lessons ain't worth
shit i'm fighting a gigantic government the only thing that can stop a bad
guy who's almost nude is a good girl
shooting threatening to shoot the cops isn't that the same
uh no chat that's not the saying well anyway we're listening to weezer right
now no this is just generic youtube butt rock
this is not weezer unfortunately oh these freaking
sites and their ad block blocks okay here we go
so i'm gonna pick up the pace because i got places to be a new g-spot has been
discovered and it's even more difficult to find
what the fuck the first one's impossible
you know if you couldn't beat dark souls
good luck with bloodborne bloodborne is easier than dark souls case get it
together man now who's not making sense it turns out you
shouldn't spend less time searching for the seemingly
elusive g-spot and more time exploring this the cove zone
sounds like cuck with a v just because it starts with c u doesn't mean it sounds
like it over with another word it's the g-23 spot it's a narrow target god
damn it shot by cops and charged with the
crime the american story yeah that does sound like what happened there
um the term which was coined in 2014 has been overshadowed by the
supposed holy grail of sexual pleasure the goffenberg spot but 2025 is the year
of the cub zone and it'll hit its climax well where the
fuck is it if you don't have a clue uh then you're not alone
stands for cl- wait the cub zone stands for clitoris urethra and vaginal wall
that's so much of the vagina how is it so hard to find
especially rather than a certain spot there's an entire area to play with
and yet i still can't find it sexpert gg angle explains the cubs located
where you we would typically think the g-spot is located it's in the same
fucking spot why are vaginas so mysterious my penis is
incredibly easy to find because it's big thank you
that's at least you're so far away no i cannot get a high five
why did you move us so far apart i thought we were boys
just hit everything well it's gotta be hard there must be more to it
i can't you can't just fish around in there and assuming you're hitting it
that's what i already do that's what every god does
i'm just glad anyone can be shot by the cops that's true even big ol'
celebrity finding the g-spot is harder than elden ring
it's elden ring harder or easier than the other games i'm not sure g-spot and
and gape talk welcome to ben this is the news round up where we pull no
punches but we do pull our fingers in a come hither
motion and just pray that's all i know about it
you should know more than that honestly you're like almost 40
uh so if you reach up inside the vagina and you hook up a finger oh you called a
case uh towards the belly button that whole area
if you move your hands around it's in that zone this is
like the sex advice my cousin gave me when he was 12
jesus i had a very fucked up cousin who watched hbo after hours
she adds uh that what people refer to as the g-spot is not okay well
that's what we already know how do you find it
for the prisoners touching this area your fingers will be in the vagina hooking
your fingers gently towards the belly button it will feel like grooves in a
walnut uh when you'll know you're right there
place you can experiment with different pressures and sensations to see
your partner enjoy or just say you're really good at it
and then when they don't like it say people always like this
that's the worst advice jet now that works for me
the girls are like oh you're right i do like check
stop offering advice are you saying that doesn't work for me i suspect it
doesn't actually work for you check dang it why is everybody
misleading me oh is this it i think this is the symbol for the
i think this is uh the symbol for the aliens from halo
so they must know where it is sensation uh you'll feel is unlike
clitoral stimulation it's less intense in a deeper
sensation but obviously it's going to be very different
for everybody wait for this article be read on the newest episode of taxi cab
confessions oh my god they're gonna tell you what
other zones give us sexual pleasure this is the story that keeps on giving
and giving and giving and giving and giving while the cove zone is set to
trend this year other areas can bring some mind-blowing
orgasms too for instance the supermarket
maca make my girl come just by taking her to cvs
what am i doing wrong i already do that no i think i think they mean something
else well then why did they show that picture for some people it's very
painful wait what what what is cervical orgasms that
should be no problem for me uh when the vagina is fully
completely filled and the penis hits the back of the cervix some people
they really like it aka everybody boom i forgot again
miles away so size do matter and hitting them back walls does be good
um it just depends on the partner i think
oh for some people it's painful it's not their thing
there's also the a spot which gg says is via anal sex
that's just your ass is a just for ass and the a spot is your whole ass
nice i know where that is i'm familiar with that one so
kind of sort of a sex bird because i already knew that
someone's gonna get cuffed and survived and a spotted
uh how come in a scurvy robbie williams diagnosed with 17th century disease
like robbie williams you may think of scurvy as a 17th century pirate
disease well bad news he's got it that's that story
thank you that's the pace we do need to be moving at
oh yeah because you still have to do a how-to or whatever okay
billy mcfarland's firefest uh two permit only allows for a 12-hour listening
party with 250 people but how come all those tick
doctors are going there because i feel like i've seen more than 250 saying
they're going last week plight will come in we
have the second location to deny involvement with fire festival two over
the weekend festival founder billy mcfarland and fellow organizers
pasted documents on instagram as proof they were working to lawfully host an
event in news that should surprise no one however the permit for a set
event appears to authorize a little more than a multi-day listening party
it is very funny that he would get all this press
people would be like i'm gonna go to this ironically and then it's
it still is like a huge disaster where they're all stranded on an island and
feel like they're gonna die that is that technically the experience they're
paying for i think yes yeah it seems like he can do
as bad of a job as he wants because that's sort of the whole
gimmick but people will still be mad i'm already mad i'm mad at the lack of water
already and the beds are not what was promised
that hasn't happened yet but i'm already mad about it and just know
when i'm invited because it's the cool thing to go to
i'll be very pissed they should hit the cuff
free diagrams to the cuff zone for every firefest participant i think that'll
set a really good tone for the event probably not well it's what i would do
it's what i would do and people say that my parties
would have been good if they'd come apple reportedly flew in a five
plane in five plane loads of iPhones to dodge trups tariffs
five how many phones fit on a plane is that enough phones for the next
four years five plane loads you can bring in a lot of phones on five planes
um but probably i don't think that's an effective
long-term strategy i'd rather go to fart fest to
amazon alexa yeah we have to be right up to the alexa because it's going to be
whispering all night that's the experience you pay for everybody brings
their own alexa and they all listen to the farts all night long
well very forward thinking of apple congratulations that's why they're the
biggest phone in the world biggest phone company they probably have made the
biggest phone i mean maybe the one to do it
allow ads god damn it what is the point of
blocking these ads if i must allow them at all times
and also how many times have i told the new york post
fine give me all the ads the five most unique products we saw la's biohacker
expo for muscle spasm body suits to an eye-opening aging
eye-opening aging test this feels like it should be a video
and it might be stop the butt rock rap rap rock butt
two ads we just got to have some banter while these ads play so we can watch this
video okay um did you piss this weekend at all did
you piss at any point yes okay did you piss while
playing a sport did you piss while seeing any movies
are you is this how you do banter i'm just
you're being difficult let's see the top five things it loaded
thank god because you're impossible to talk to
last week at the biohackers world expo where the mission was clear
fight aging with tech supplements and a whole lot of electricity
oh it's an ad i love that i tried dozens of products but five really stood out
and some i'm still feeling first the sky power suit it looks like something out
of a military training video a two-piece electro muscular
stimulation suit that zaps your muscles into action sky claims it gives you the
equivalent of a two hour workout in just 20 minutes it uses electrical impulses to
activate up to 90 of your muscle fibers at once at first the
tingling sensation felt strange but hours later i could still feel the effects
wait the tingling wear it while watching tv the suit sells for $2,450 but
according to sky's ceo no one pays more than $2,300 with promotions
and that includes accessories the app and video classes no subscription
required next like stimulate the cover by accident this device looks like something
doc brown would have invented with an led visor and headphones that played by
neural beats and isochronic tones what the lights sync up to the audio to help
promote relaxation i slipped it on in the middle of a packed
expo hall and still managed to unwind during a guided visualization it
retails for $797 and then walking for like
a headphone sessions will cost you $29.99 a month or $2.60 a year it's a subscription
service a vibratech platform what i've used vibration plates before to help with
recovery after running but this one was next level
sleek black with sidelighting that's gotta stimulate the cuffs felt far
superior this is a howard's story episode at $3,800 it's a big investment but
it has a vibrating block blood flow build muscle and improve balance it
delivers i also tried the opticae ai which takes photos of your eyes to
assess how well you're aging you rest your head against the machine
focus on a green dot and it snaps a shot of each retina
i took the test twice because i didn't believe the results it said i'm
four years older than my peers the machine isn't available for home use
it's meant for doctors and clinics but the tech compares your images to a
database of over 30 million retinal scans and finally the jinfinity
intracellular nad test nad was a buzzword all weekends it
plays a crucial role in energy metabolism and dna repair
i did a simple finger prick the $198 at home test revealed i was low on nad
no surprise given levels drop with age but there's a supplement for that and a
lot of vendors ready to sell it from electrified suits to eye scans to
coenzyme analysis this expo gave me a
why is that vibrating thing so much does it stimulate the cuff
uh it might it's vibrating hard enough
make it get a little cuff action in there i feel like i've seen those before in
physical therapist's office so i don't want to just dismiss it entirely but
standing on a vibrating platform for four thousand dollars
isn't that appealing to me well what about your cuds
do you want to not stick your eye with a thing to find out how old you are
no the eye took a picture and the blood and the other thing was the blood
thing isn't that that isn't that the same product that that lady with a
deep voice got canceled for
um
yes oh Kendall's leaving me a present she just showed case a bag of cat
shit and said take this outside when you're done and i will
case you do an emeter stream how much is an emeter
maybe that's our next sub goal and measure my feet and
all stream long i see how much they go up and down
i thought they were going to talk about the bio how they biohacked wolves
no instead everything was way worse one of them was an ai photo of your eyes that
i'm sure they're selling for an absorbent fee yeah but it works because
the more eyes you put into it the more accurate the technology becomes
until pretty soon it's generating eyes better than humans can generate eyes
ages look that's how this is how ai work case get with the times you only
have two more stories resume the butt rock
what let us create or mike white fires back at composer who uh who's quitting
after creative clash he didn't respect me it was kind of a
bitch move but this is straight up drama stream
right now mike white is he's mad at uh crystal ball
tapia the veer who has a cooler name than mike white sorry
uh the show's composer told the new york times earlier this month he will
not return over creative differences but guess what mike said
i honestly don't know what happened except now i'm reading his interviews because
he decides to do some pr campaign about him leaving the show
i don't think he respected me he wants people to know that he's edgy and dark
and i'm i don't know i like what for reality tv
we never really even fought and he's a fake fucking friend
and i'm relating so hard to mike white right now because
you never fucking know who your real friends are sometimes you've been in a
band with a guy for over three days and he won't return your texts
i really think you might be having a stroke chat i'm doing fine
you got so dark there's a dark surrounding one second
alexa it's stream time what candle i didn't oh man i'm sorry we're having a
light issue one second uh there we go now we're all good
what the fuck are you talking to some secret producer i'm talking to
my farting alexa and you're not even making it fart
all right this is the last story before i'm just fuck my ad blocker is off
i murdered my ad blocker i swear to god it's dead
god damn it i told you it's done your butthole has
uh had a very different role in your ancient past a new study suggests
a new study may have helped a part of the enduring mystery of how animals
evolved our buttholes we take our antices for granted
but some animals don't even have them or they disappear when needed like
seawall nuts they are a pretty great solution that
evolved evolution has come up with for expelling waste but they are not
universal universal some animals including the
ancient beastie wait what there's an animal just called the
ancient beastie and it's this you sure this isn't some
thing somebody generated for like a game of dnd using mid-journey
this is a real thing the mouth of a sack or a sack or a
hightus a creature from three five hundred thirty million years ago
that seems to be all butthole actually apparently it's a real thing
that didn't have an asshole but looks like one that's insane
never would have seen it coming uh anyway if you're
call expelling your waste poop out of your mouth day after day living
that's what jellyfish and other animals do when possessing a
sack like gut oh the people have to like barf up their their guts and then
squeeze the poop out i never want i agree i'd prefer not to do that people don't
do that well you know like the animal peoples that have to do that the
little creatures that have to do that that's sad for them
having a butthole is a blessing from god and every day i count my blessings
see if i get one blessing in there two blessings in there three
hey maybe i can get all five blessings in there you know what i'm talking about
talking about fisting my i understand i i didn't know you're into that um i'm just
kidding i don't i don't do that uh the team looked at the marine worm
zenogepidival babaki the grappler which has a gut with only one opening
uh through which it takes in food and expells waste
well now we're just rubbing it in as seen here a worm that can't even poop
how come the creatures that look the most like poop can't poop
is that just a white turd the hell's even happening here the secret way to the
male cove zone i think this thing is a cove zone
maybe its whole body is a cove zone all these animals do not have an anus the
males do have a gano pour through which they release sperm
well as long as they can still come sometimes you might not be able to poop
but just no you can still come and that's beautiful
i love skydust dude that's why i'm a skydust you said you're not
no but i was misspoke i'm what i meant to say is i absolutely am well we covered
everything that's all the news for the day that's everything happening in the
world yeah you're covered no chat don't worry somebody ask you what's up now
you can tell them exactly all 10 things happening all 10 were pretty strong
but that doesn't mean i have to stay for a while a while long
shit it was right there wasn't it all right i don't i might
i might be having a stroke so i guess i'll go see a daiketer
and until my brain is fixed i will continue to be
chat guy the news reading one bye bye
hello everyone it's your favorite new news guide durf
i got my glasses today so that i can really learn how to do things with each
and every one of you all alone here in my
meditative wood study which i've claimed as my own well actually i'm here to
jesus christ it's a specter from the grave
yes that's right you guessed it immediately i'm a ghost dad who lives in
the wood what the fuck have you seen my son
still missing his face seems so basic how is that one of the ones that's gone
i don't know what you mean by that i'm not amish
i'm a traveling musician same thing it's not the same thing at all
did jet kill jeb did you who's that jet the world famous jet yes i'm the
father of jet and another one my god i'll show you the respect you
deserve you raised an incredible son he once pulled
me out of a burning car that i entered willingly but i got stuck in
well that's the kind of thing he does that's him am i related to nick
offer me not what i know of though in a way i think all of us
are people in a way we're all part of the great family of
we're all guys not really but the way you put it isn't very good
well maybe i could learn how to say something a little more meaningful
that's what we're here for uh yeah sort of more or less you know everything's
basically click on a video watch the video different backgrounds
well stop stop it all right let's see where's our
there's some how-to's the joy of multiple orgasms for men
let me make sure there's not an erect penis in this one
because i've been told i'm not allowed to look at those
there is there's no way i can show this
island's lazy you're going to get case in trouble
there's i don't think we could there's a full on
heat map of a penis i could skip that part i'm so tempted to show you chat
because it's crazy but it has to be against some term of
service right are there still standards for anything
i'm asking you gross dad i don't know i'm died at some point and i'm in the
wood it's pretty explicit it's also flaccid
somehow makes it worse it's a flaccid penis but in predator vision you've
ever seen the film predator when he switches to heat vision
it's that but it's a penis anyway it happens around the
30 second mark so we can watch tell then and then skip ahead
all right just show everything before it now most men
connect orgasm with ejaculation yes someone say if they don't ejaculate for
several weeks they feel like under high electric current that's the noise you
make when someone's doing it right if that sounds silly to you chat it's just
because you're a man who's afraid to come good let's listen to that again
several weeks they feel someone say if they don't ejaculate for
several weeks they feel like under high electric current
it's not enough just to block the ejaculation i took some shot
with an infrared okay and that's we'll stop it right there for now
and skip ahead come on listen you can listen and look at me
is being generated in the pelvis area wait a minute
wait a minute it's risky but i have to show you this because it's
ridiculously useful to know
knowing how heat is being generated in the pelvis area that's how heat's
generated in the pelvis area and we're here to learn i didn't know
that before then but that is one way to gen maybe the only way to generate
heat in the pelvis area now if you can imagine the sensation of heat
being transferred with you oh this is so explicit live in sleazy
you're the mod you i have to take my cues from you would this not get me bad to
show i could be wrong but it is a man fully
masturbating in an infrared camera and the penis is uncut and
visible all right anyway tension to different areas of your body
you would be able to move this heat i said we are not you want to see this
it's uh multi-o coaching on youtube and
it's incredible and i do recommend it but i just can't show you that
particular clip anyway we continue capable of sensing
where is the point where i cannot return this might be a little reductive but i
did think it was the woman talking the whole time
and now i'm realizing it's voiced over by the man
i didn't have to necessarily share that with you but that i just wanted you to
know we i had that realization at the same time in case any of you did anymore
where's the point where i need to push my energy upwards
or to shift or to change something because
moving energy and especially sexual energy when we are becoming
closer and closer to the orgasm yeah it's fine that's the guy i'm just a
surprise presence
she looks like she's working she looks like she's at work
you got nothing wrong with it just a surprise uh oh don't keep panning up
um how far is this camera going
okay we're good oh god orgasm is the mix between doing and
doing nothing it's a big gift to to come in
test this method or versus practice and also
versus discovering that this is possible because so many men
didn't know maybe that this is also an option
the question is is there a possibility to
live sexuality in a way that is more nourishing more fulfilling more
alive than just and hmm that's a really good point he made at the end
there because i've always wondered if life can be more than
you know no how do you come a bunch i didn't learn at all
you weren't paying attention my friend but what did he didn't tell us how
i mean i'm all energy i'm down for the energy thing
he just said to move your energy around i don't think you were paying
attention describe to me what you learned
you've got a if you want to do it it's a lifestyle and the question was can you
and the answer you know i just wanted
i don't know what irony is a piece of wood
not knowing how to finish yep is that correct yep that's right
dealt at spongebob frog that's what irony is agreed
mm-hmm there's no way we're gonna find a better how-to than that
that was one of the worst nope no way to find a better one
i learned how to come with my entire soul just now
i've only been coming with 60 of my soul before and i'm ready to know what it
feels like to rock it off with one hundo percent
meet the man who says his life being ruined okay i take it back
this is a six minute video about a man who claims his life is being ruined by
having hundreds of orgasms
let's see if he's right
father of two dale decker suffers from a rare and seemingly incurable condition
that leads to him suffering up to 100 unwanted orgasms a day
oh there's nothing pleasurable about it because
even though it might physically feel good the whole time inside dale decker
you're completely disgusted by what's going on and depending on where you're at
if you're in public if you're in front of kids if you're around strangers
i mean it it can make a person break real fast
the 37 year old is the first man to ever speak publicly about the condition
known as persistent sexual arousal syndrome or psas
and he says it's ruining his life when you're on your knees at your father's
funeral at his casket and you're saying goodbye to him
no and then you have nine orgasms no right there
your whole family is standing behind you nine
it's me never want to have another orgasm as long as you wait
nine over the casket at one what point do you leave the funeral
the funeral of your father show a little respect for the man's pleasure pain
everybody's got their own grieving process i should know
i'm wood and the wood knows things they're so a ghost oh yeah
that would kill your brain there's no way not nine and his orgasms are so long
we have to keep we have to learn more today we're learning
real but you know what just keep on coming oh god
is this a sketch is this an incredible sketch just keep on come
i need to hear this again but you know what
you just keep on come words to live by dale from wisconsin in america was
enjoying his suburban life in 2012 when he slipped a disc in his back
that's what did it chair triggering the condition for unknown reasons
they put me in the back of the ambulance to take me to the hospital
and on the way there i had my first five orgasms
and they've never stopped how did you know everyone right now
work since the accident and it's mostly housebound through fear of experiencing
an episode in public but he enjoys playing frisbee golf with his closest
friends they happen at all times in any
situation they happen when i'm awake they happen when i'm asleep
they happen in the shower coffin coffin comma
i just had nine rather powerful orgasmic sensations full of my
intelligence counting that one episode is nine
now i'm curious about his orgasm math what counts as a distinct orgasm
i guess we have to keep watching everybody and now it feels like every muscle
from here to about here is doing this
while the condition is so rare most doctors can't even diagnose it
it is widely acknowledged by specialists in the field
psas is a condition of unrelenting genital arousal
and spasms which is not necessarily sexual
and they have no idea when this is going to happen
or how often and can lead to intense suffering
and this suffering is felt in dale's home life where wife april struggles to
cope with the situation we tend to have arguments about
stuff that really shouldn't be argued about
we are really struggle right now we can't work
and help supply so i feel stressed from that
and psas is even affecting dale's relationship with his children
christian and tatum they don't have a relationship he doesn't go to like
practices because he feels embarrassed and kids don't know
about his condition so the kids don't quite understand why
dale won't be there the threat of a spontaneous orgasm
isn't the only thing that leaves dale afraid to leave home
sometimes i have an erection for three four hours at a time
off and on they just come and go like 30 40 a day
it's really hard to deal with it's possible to have sex with my wife
we don't very often because it becomes frustrating
for me there's no end desperate for help dale has turned to therapist diane
london to see if she can shed light on the conditions
oh hell he lasted through that handshake destroying every part of everything in my life
when it comes to sexual issues people get very
oh she said the s word go ahead i've never seen anything like that before
there are no words it's hard to know if it's if it's real
this makes me want to find him some relief
otherwise this is a horrible way for him to have to live
does he get through it but even in the face of such desperate odds
there is hope for dale's future like a kind of very brave of dale to come out
and publicly talk about it she's watching the video she's in but there is help for him
there are doctors that can help him so um i hope that he's getting some help
i think the main problem is that probably nobody believes that it's a medical condition
i think it's in his head and it's not he's got a real medical problem
i totally got a problem i just try to take one day at a time
hopefully someday someday body will come up with something because i would like to get back to
my normal life one day and get back to being the person i'm supposed to be into the
maybe he is pro not case is pro pro sex pro golf disc golf he slipped a disc golf
so he was doing the thing from the first video doesn't seem like it's a good idea then
no he doesn't mean that though he's not using the energy he's been cursed with an unrelenting drive
and uncontrolled to bust well busting makes me feel good yes but he's not good busting he's bad busting
and he's kind of full of shit no come on that's a real thing i've just learned and i believe it
1000% also though i mean maybe it is i don't know if that's the kind of thing you'd fake
it does seem like a sketch though yeah but i mean it fits actually they seemed
sad about it his wife seemed pretty legitimately you know upset it would be bad
he just was kind it wasn't even like quick comes couldn't you kind of hide it
he's just kind of quietly come i mean not if you have like spine damage if you have
literally gut wrenching orgasms due to spine damage and then probably can't hide it
probably the funniest comment coming on the disc is illegal like a spitball
baseball i'm so upset that you're making my voice break because i my heart bleeds for this man
who just wants the dignity of not coming all the time and no one will let him have that
i for one salute his fortitude in the face of boner
all men fight it many of us lose and he loses the most and it's not even his fault
he must produce gammon i mean at a certain point you're you're dustin you're not busting you're
dustin dustin checks out you know what i mean no well honestly i don't either sometimes the words
that come from me feel like they're from another dimension a higher plane if you will all right
well as uh that's there's no way we're to i'm just gonna double check that there's not a third thing
about how to start having sex again how to find a threesome partner maybe we call it those
are two good ones so i'm rarely at a loss for words but know that my spirit is screaming in solidarity
with dirk dustin wait no i'm dirk what was his name he had a good name um dale decker i got confused my
sense of solidarity with humanity was so great for a moment i thought he shared my name and now his
name is dale decker that's a hell of a name dale i wish you all the best if i could raid
dale decker right now i would but it turns out he doesn't stream on twitch surprisingly that man
from a video from the 90s not as far as i know not currently on twitch but danny plots is playing
marvel rivals aw skit skit skit skit aw skit skit god has damned me that's the remix he's living
Let's read Danny Blotz.
Former reactor.
Current friend of the stream.
Maybe also a current reactor.
I'm unfamiliar with the react channel honestly.
Because I don't...
Well, I do have YouTube on my phone, but I don't watch it.
I'm a wanderer.
Yes, wait, I thought there was already a wanderer character.
He's wandering right now.
I'm filling in.
There's lore to me.
Yes, yes, yes, everybody's got lore.
Thank you, propaganda.
Thank you, MSG.
Thank you, exterminator.
Thank you, Skymer.
Thank you, Shaggy175.
Thank you, Bonsai Bullfrog.
And thank you, Bundlesprout.
And also anyone else who happens to chat in the next several minutes.
As I wait for this raid, it actually takes a few seconds.
Very well.
I've got the music.
Let's say a prayer together.
For the man who can't stop coming.
Are you religious?
I believe in the spirit.
And I believe in the brotherhood and sisterhood of humanity.
And from all of us to you, Dale Dustin, we say, don't be ashamed of your combs.
A time will come when you stop coming.
God bless.
I don't know if that's going to make him feel better.
Anyway, thanks everybody.
Say hi to Danny for me.
It's a case raid.
Don't make it about...
Don't make the raid about Dale.
Leave Dale in peace.
It's just a case raid.
Chat?
Don't make it about the come guy.
That'll scare Danny.
Stay safe out there, everyone.
And have a beautiful rest of your Wednesday.
Bye bye.
Jesus Christ.
Does anyone work for this stream that's...
Remotely rational?
Yes, me.