I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
And I'm a dog.
Kevin Kill G4
I'm Doug, the show host, I'm Paul, Lockerfield,
the old gang Josh Day, you guys know I'm the dog,
it's Doug, let's get some message and say something.
Brandon, hang with your little friend.
I'm the second star of the new demand.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Let's do this.
I'm Pepito.
Woohoo.
Whoa, oh my god, we're almost to 100.
At 100 I have to do the donation.
Oh yeah, that's too.
Thank you so much, Giggle Trash.
Listen up, Jack.
Giggle Trash, Just Philanthropies, five-money book.
Man, I probably shouldn't say this, but my days are my right.
You're so right.
Thank you for the very generous donation to Don and Mutual Aid.
Climbing the charts.
I think I'm just going to donate it every time,
but it's 100 basically.
And we're almost there.
$77 raised?
For some they'd say not impressive for me.
I'm impressed.
That's protein, guys, I'm drinking some protein on stream.
Only good news today?
Um, I already have some less than good news.
I can't news, news.
I can't seem to get police simulated to download.
Whoa, although in other news, I guess there is currently
a hype train happening.
Clearly, based on what just loaded on my YouTube,
what I typed in trap beat.
This looks about right.
We're wearing for the usual, I'm assuming.
You see everything you see?
Everything that I see I have seen.
Every place that I've been, I have been.
Every thing I've ever eaten was a bean.
It's a dream, baby, hype train, yeah.
You know that I don't stop from the bottom to the top.
Leave, let me go to get rocks.
Favorite protein should case get better.
Yeah, one flavor poison should eat in.
Just I wish that case Blackwell was dead.
You can hear me, case.
I wish that you were dead.
Every case that I have never met was dead.
You're not threatened to kill me.
I didn't threaten to kill you.
Well, I don't know if I can say that or if it's a slur shoot.
It's a fake.
I think it's a fake one.
But maybe don't say it.
But it was on screen in vortex that I read is cool.
Thought maybe you were just saying the non-dirty version
of it.
What do you want today?
On a permanent level, the thing that hype train wants
today is some high salad.
That's right, high salad.
Hot as place you ever seen.
With the fork that's melting me.
You want hot salad?
Hot as salad in the world.
I don't even need to fucking explain it.
I want a salad so hot it can't throw it out of volcano.
I want the Hawaiian salad, but the kind that is mad good.
That's the plan, baby.
Don't you want some salad, bruh?
Get that salad and I'm lost in other males for hot and salad.
Maybe that's you that never fucking felt.
Toss the salad.
Now you tossing hot, colds.
Now I got a salad that's all rock, baby.
But I ain't raising no bad brows.
It's hot box.
Just a second, baby.
I am talking about salad.
Don't get mad, baby.
I'll be back doing it in a minute, is where?
Socky season salad is good.
It's hot.
I don't care, baby.
You know that I would.
I want it so hot that the crew turns our calls.
Then it's the new hot train, so I'm going to get it
at the top case.
You know what I want, baby.
It's a hot salad every day, every day.
Yeah, yeah.
No points to throw at segments.
I still don't really know what the points economy is like.
To get in this track to case, put a salad in a micro wave.
I'm not eating that salad for days.
I don't care if it's Cesar or a finish covered in balda.
Nays as long as it's a hot mane.
I think the way you're describing would just be melted salad.
It'd just be burned up salad.
With the salad in the fire, I'm inspired.
I ain't a liar.
I want the salad, baby.
Hotter than a fucking burnt tire.
I guess, oh damn, I heard it.
Add ranch?
If it's mac and ranch.
What's good about hot salad?
It's like you and it feels hot.
Everybody knows that the hot don't stop.
Plus, baby, I get wild when it drop.
Hot, so salad that I make them go fuck.
Hot, so salad.
OK, hype train.
I don't know why you came in so hot today.
Hot salad today, Kate.
But this is too annoying to rap to.
Why is AI Rooney so in defeat?
Guys, I've been researching alternate AI Rooney methods,
and I might have found one, but it's not in place yet.
But I should finally be able to control
his reckless foot obsession.
But we can talk about it anyway.
Yeah, hype train, you only have zero seconds left to live.
You didn't think.
You didn't think anyone.
Now we have to go with plan B, which is Pepito.
That's fucked up to say, Kate.
I'm plan A, B, and C.
I said plan.
But I'm a whole planet.
I'm like a Mormon afterlife, baby.
Give me a whole world.
I'll thank you, Subzum.
Let's go.
And to daddy with some subs to show.
That's 41 months.
Damn, that's a long time, bro.
Commander give 39.
Let's fucking go.
OK.
Giggle trash.
Fuck immunity, Subz, to make it last.
Hype train still dead, but damn.
That's a lot of subs.
So I want to say thank you, man.
OK, giggle trash too with the 300 bits and the panther.
That's the plan, girl.
What are you saying?
Dang it, girl.
Sing.
Anger or damn, girl?
Dang it.
Demonic with the one bit fuck this.
Thumbs up, bro.
Fuck with the 40 months.
Good shit.
Shaggy one, 75.
Keep it alive.
41 months, baby.
Because they got the drive.
We got storm burn.
Coming right through 41 months, even though the names are 92.
OK.
Apple, bebble, zeble, zeble, zeble, zeble, zeble, zeble, zeble,
have some 100 bits with a painful.
Scammer, 100 bits, two dilemma, oh, one, 41 months.
They been getting it done.
We got giggle trash, fucking 100 notion in the answer.
Got ones up, oh, frog, one bit, all past.
Conspiracy time, yes, that is fine too.
And that is everything that we did.
Boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.
OK, thanks.
Good enough.
I don't know.
You said you're rapping, so I did.
I do say to do that every time.
Otherwise, you're just saying names.
Yeah, that's fine.
You just say the names.
That doesn't sound right.
That doesn't seem like the kind of thing you can do.
Anyway, I don't actually have that long a stream today,
unfortunately, because I started at 5.
So let's get down to it.
It's news time.
Bring it on.
Oh, no.
It's Rick.
Babies is what you are.
On days of national victory, you're still
never happy to see the bringer of good news, me.
Coming in pretty aggressive today, Rick.
That's the new strategy, a bold, aggressive strategy
of saying we're aggressive.
Pretty good.
Cancel this pay-offs.
Like, good luck.
I literally released a spoken word album called
True Faxable Uncancellable.
True Faxable?
Yeah, it said True Fax-Able Uncancellable.
That doesn't even rhyme.
It doesn't sound like anything.
That's the worst title I have ever heard, Rick.
Well, it was for insiders.
I wasn't aiming for sales or for peasants
who wouldn't understand my wordplay.
There's no wordplay there.
Doesn't even make sense.
True Faxable?
We're doing it.
Are we doing it discussing the news?
I'm not on trial here.
We're going to, as long as you're wearing a black hoodie
or something, I'm not wearing doing anything
you can put me in jail for.
You did try to put someone in jail for that.
In fact, you are trying to put people in jail for that
currently.
We're not talking about that today.
Let's not talk about that.
Let's get into the news.
I might have heard another big victory happen
because of negotiations.
I thought you'd be happy about this.
We're negotiating.
Says who?
Says us.
And I'll let you really need to negotiate
as one side saying that they have.
And we've claimed that we're negotiating as hard as it
is possible to.
We're negotiating so well we don't even necessarily even
need the other side to negotiate.
We're that good.
You wore a hoodie today and wear it rested twice.
I'm assuming Rick's referring to the Texas case where
they're literally trying to throw a bunch of protesters
in jail because they were all dressed in black
and they're bringing like a Rico charge against them.
This is a real thing that's happening in case anyone's curious.
But what Rick is referencing.
Don't put that on me.
Iran denies talks with US after Trump postpones strikes
on power grid.
Seen to my right are images of us not striking the power grid.
Do you feel.
It is obviously every discussing war in general is depressing
but there's something like unsettling about.
And I'm guilty of this too.
How much of the focus of the news is on.
Like things all the inconsistent and the same things
Trump says while we just continue to actually
bomb real people every day.
Who have to face the consequences of our insane
and illogical actions constantly.
While the news cycle is just sort of you won't believe what
Trump said and took back again.
The same time you know it's the primary force perpetrating
this war.
And you know what he says is unfortunately I guess
worth registering although I'm not entirely sure of that
either as everything he says is 100 percent.
Bullshit that can be disregarded so I don't have
the answers but I guess we'll keep reading is my point.
As long as we're still reading.
I'm sorry I was doing my high pitch voice there.
Anyway Iran.
Who cares what they have to say.
Probably us.
Yeah but.
Ron denies talks with US after Trump postpones strikes
on power grid.
Over the weekend.
Just give you a little update here.
President Trump gave a very reasonable post.
That there was a 48 hour deadline before we struck
all of Iran's energy infrastructure with.
Very cool technology.
You mean a bunch of missiles.
Yeah I said cool technology.
Ivan Sleazy says Trump has sucked up all the news
in the room nobody is on the penis beat these days.
We're going to swap to the penis beat hard pivot
hard kinking the penis.
As soon as we're done talking about this.
Which I don't think we really need to spend so much
time on this you probably already heard it all.
You don't know what the news or what news we're.
Cycruz says well until we start killing politicians
change can't be affected on the individual level
so we have to talk about something.
That's the thing Cycruz said I just want.
Just want to make that clear.
Or Rick said you know Rick said that.
I just read it.
I'll say it again louder.
I just am not I'm reading is my point.
I'm reading things.
It's not a news guy's job to offer moral distinctions
on the things that he reads in his chat.
Strong statements for case.
Around the night on Monday that it had engaged in negotiations
with the United States after President Donald Trump
postponed a threat to Bahmerans power grid because of what
he described as productive talks with unidentified Iranian
officials my favorite type.
A European official said that while there
had been no direct negotiations between the two
nations Egypt Pakistan and Gulf States were relaying messages.
A Pakistani official said and a second source told Reuters
that direct talks on ending the war could be held
in Islamabad as soon as this week.
So a bunch of second hand sources.
Have confirmed that there's no direct talks but there could
be negotiations as soon as this week.
According to those sources that have confirmed there's no
direct talks.
It's like.
Sorry it's like dating.
You know sometimes you don't want to reply to a text
for a couple days or you look.
Desperate.
Suspects.
We're getting a little desperate given that Trump seems
to be making statements on Fridays to try to rally
the market on Monday.
What are you talking about?
Good enough for me.
Good enough for Scammer.
You know what good enough for me then.
A girl dresses I remember when China said they
haven't talked with the press either back when.
And now they're literally going to do a meeting
eventually maybe.
They postpone but eventually meetings talks.
All of it.
All of it eventually.
Great.
Poly market predictions predict a cease fire is imminent.
What have they ever been wrong?
Can they also predict nuclear war recently?
No that was just an offer on poly market I believe.
They had to take it down though.
For some reason that was a bridge too far for some people.
I mean I'm I hope there's a fucking cease fire.
I mean if the cease fire just leads to us doing
the same kind of thing in a couple months then
it's not even really a cease fire.
I hope there's a cease fire with terms that lead
to a lasting peace I guess would be what I would say.
And again it's not like I'm some huge stand
for the Iranian regime.
I'm just a I'm against pointless wars
against captive populations.
So again I would be pro like a cease fire
that leads to positive results but it just doesn't feel
like that's in the miasma to me currently but I again
it's like I have some special insight here.
Is 153,000 channel points a lot?
Should I be spending these or saving?
I think if you want you could spend them all
on literally one debate or whatever but yeah
you could request segments for the next 20, 100 streams
or whatever how many times is it to do it a 2,500
going to 150,000?
You can't do that man.
No, what 100 you could request somewhere
over 100 segments with that.
Oh you could bribe the gorilla into killing Krum.
You should spend them on debates unless you like Krum.
If you guess correctly in the poll I think you could
get those points up even further.
You could do a little classic gambling.
Or you could yes you could make,
I don't even know what I set the price at
for all of the Brendan mom redemptions.
I think it's like 300 or 500 so depending on how many
of those you do you could do a lot of those.
Saving up for retirement yeah then keeps,
honestly they're going to compound.
You want to invest though lightly in prediction polls
to just you know over time.
If you predict Krum over time you will make money
on the prediction polls cause spoiler alert
he does win more often than not for some reason.
I always think much makes some great points.
Can't deny the charisma of Krum.
I can't?
No I guess we can't.
He does keep winning in all of these little debates.
I mean I do deny it regularly but
you can't deny it.
I heard you.
Oh I should not have said anything.
I heard you.
I came up.
I put on my jacket and then wanna say
I told you so.
I really shouldn't have said anything.
Angie thank you so much for the 41 months
in case we missed that.
And Revry well thank you as well for the 41 months.
Thank you.
Levin Sleazy.
Why do you say thank you like that?
What is a normal thing you look like piss
is what Levin Sleazy says.
Well Levin Sleazy I'm gonna win you
over one of these days.
Okay.
A lot of political opinions change over time
much like personal opinions
of how you feel about a guy.
I'm just making a point
you know people evolve
a huge evolve over time.
And I could evolve right into that heart of yours.
So I just give it some time.
I'm wearing you down.
You know.
I'm really trying to wear you down.
And I think eventually.
What the fuck?
Jeff's not here.
I just hit a button in the hopes
that I could get him to stop talking.
What?
I was in the middle of something there.
Not just hit random buttons.
I just it seemed like the right thing to do.
That's so rude.
I was making a point.
To Levin Sleazy.
I was directly appealing to Levin Sleazy.
You know.
I'm here buddy.
I'm right here.
Ignore him Levin Sleazy.
Continue to hate him.
Belize is listening it up.
Check the comments.
Oh, like the shared comments.
Let's get into when we do have some comments here.
I put some fun news stories in the discord.
OK, we can swap to the fun news.
Munch is a professional bin correspondent
because unlike Crumb he doesn't interrupt
other people's segments.
Do you hear that?
It's just because he's lazy.
He's too lazy to stay engaged.
And I'm.
Engaged in the time.
I'm just adding some context by staying engaged in the content.
Texas also is charging nine NTIFA members with terrorism.
Yeah, that's what I was referencing with the black hoodie thing.
I mean, they're not like entirely finding them.
Or like trying to throw them in jail for wearing black hoodies.
It's like a more complicated case that does involve
like the discharge of a firearm or something.
But black hoodies are part of it.
Anyway, the whole thing is we can talk about it.
But it's a ridiculous situation.
They're just trying to continue to make protesting more difficult
and potentially legal anyway.
We'll see if it's in the news stories people shared.
It's not case. We're not talking about that.
I put a fun story about the mayoral race in France.
It's time for fun.
Can the gorilla kill Crumb early?
I have to set it up.
You know, I got to set up the people mover
that we used to move the gorilla around
so that it can punch Crumb in the dick.
It just takes time.
I don't know what it'll happen, but it will happen.
Why does Rick sound like a 12 year old when he says thank you?
What do you mean?
I want to say thank you.
I saw a couple arguing about he said she said remarks on Facebook
in a post office parking lot.
This feels a lot like what's happening in war relations right now.
Holy shit, I just spilled something.
You're a war with your cups.
Shut up, Rick.
I just cannot find the right level for this fucking micro lately.
Yes, I mean, I don't think it's really he said she said
actually propaganda.
I think it's one side just blatantly lying constantly.
I mean, not that you need to trust.
Not that you need to trust like the official dispatches
from the Iranian government, but at this point,
I do think they're more trustworthy than dispatches
from the Trump administration.
Crumb stole Joe Hendry's bit.
Yes, shut up.
Stop stealing other wrestlers.
Think you're not a wrestler even stop stealing wrestlers things.
Other wrestlers.
You saying that I should get in the ring case?
You know what?
Yes.
But under.
No, under bear boxing knuckle rules.
Just go into a no rules underground street fight.
That's my request for you, Crumb.
You know, you say that, but.
I think right now my punches might actually be lethal.
I can't explain where my strength comes from lately.
OK, shut up. I don't believe you.
Can we have Papito eat munch asking for a friend?
Um.
I let Papito eat almost anything, but that could really mess up his stomach.
So we probably shouldn't.
Don't let Crumb have any of the protein shake.
I mean, it might not be safe for me to have that right now.
It might not be safe.
Are you the brother of King Kong Bundy?
MSG is asking. No.
Stop. Sorry.
Getting I'm having some.
I think I have a couple of stige on my vocal cord, or whatever that is.
My voice. No, Don Crumby.
That's not OK, Nickname.
That could be Crumb's nickname.
Can we just not?
Anyway, for the cliff notes, five day deadline, classic Trump deadline.
Just set it on a timer for not bombing their energy infrastructure.
We'll see if that actually holds true.
Given that again.
This point, the one thing you can trust is that things stated by
our government are very untrustworthy.
So, you know, why even discuss it, I guess we'll move on to other news.
OK, let's see.
Let's see what chat.
Has shared.
Sorry, my internet's being a little weird because I was redownloading police
simulator, but I do think it's now downloaded.
So we're safe.
Thank God, police simulator is back.
Sketchy poly market, you know, we're going to disable segment
stuff for now, just because we might not have that much time today.
Sketchy poly market accounting makes suspicious bets on imminent
Iran ceasefire.
As alive and sleazy was referencing.
But on your get.
But on your market, that's what I don't know.
Sketchy poly market best is what we're talking about earlier this year.
Highly suspicious accounts on crypto based prediction platform
poly market collected a hefty four hundred thousand dollars
after correctly predicting the time of US attacks on Venezuela
and the kidnapping of its president.
A scandal highlighting major concerns over trading, running rampant
on the platform.
This is like the first time, though.
Don't let this color your view of poly market too much.
It's really a fun place.
It's been a lot of fun.
There's so many fucking weird ass bets on this thing.
Do you think this is the first?
This is like one of the few I've heard of where I'm like, OK.
Now a slew of new poly market accounts are betting big on an
imminent ceasefire between the US and Iran, placing bets of
almost seventy thousand dollars for a deal being reached before
March 31 as a guardian reports.
The conflict, which doesn't appear to have a clearly defined goal,
has thrown global trade into chaos with oil prices and
stocks going on a roller coaster ride as investors
respond to Donald Trump's public flip flopping over his threat.
Well, there you go, case.
The market has spoken and the war is wrapping up.
It's not.
I'm crumbling.
It's not really entirely up.
To Trump or the markets.
Again, I there's a risk, I guess, at a certain point that
Iran could like overplay its position by not getting a ceasefire
while the US is sort of a realistically actually on the back foot,
even if that's obviously not something they would ever say.
But until they feel like they could get some actual concessions
out of the United States, I don't think they're going to
be willing to negotiate for a ceasefire.
Like the the locket logic of poly markets is like the logic
of Trump world, you know, it's a bunch of finance bros who
think and also in some cases it's literally Trump insiders
like calling their shot.
So not that like again Iran is some like moral beacon that
will behave entirely rationally.
But I do think in this case, if you're going off poly market,
you're essentially going off like the Trump predictive model.
And I just don't think it's entirely up to the United
States, obviously, when a ceasefire happens, if they could
get a ceasefire right now, they would absolutely.
The question is like, can they can they can they get a point
where both sides can get non humiliating enough terms?
Specifically, can the United States get a point where it
terms that aren't so humiliating that they just there's no way
that Trump can say he won.
He'll say he won either way.
But if the terms are humiliating enough, then maybe even he
wouldn't do it because it would be so obvious that they just
fundamentally like lost a war that they started, which they're
definitely going to for the record in the long term.
Like this will not benefit the US position globally, in my opinion.
So it's just like, can they find an off ramp where the
terms aren't so humiliating and where Iran feels like there's
some slight guarantee of security.
And to me, again, with the not even a bird's eye view with the
dumb ass view of the situation, just like doesn't seem like
it's in the cards to me currently.
So I would not be putting big money on this.
But hey, I'm sure whatever like fucking staffer that sets
that weighs in on these bets between doing we sports
edits of us bombing people, you know, whoever's dropping
the big money on this, they probably have more insider
information than me.
But I wouldn't trust this personally.
You know, okay, so it was supposed to be a fun story
and you still found a way to rant about your fucking opinions.
Well, that's the stream.
Rick, at least they weren't your opinions.
My opinion was that it's cool and I like it.
Drop your email here to unlock free mashable fan faves.
Can I do it?
You can drop your email.
You drop your email, Rick.
No, no, there is no way they've been bombed so many times
during talks.
I think they are done talking and just going out in a blaze
of glory.
I don't think they're behaving totally irrationally
actually, Cytricks.
Like I don't think they want this war to go on forever.
They just need the cost to be severe enough that it acts
as a deterrent for future attacks on them.
Because traditionally, the reason no other president
has taken the bait and like done essentially the bidding
of Israel by attacking Iran is they understood that what
is currently playing out was incredibly likely.
Like that there just isn't a way for us to secure a trade
of too many resources that travel for the Strait of Hormuz
and various and just a general threat of like infrastructure
damage in the Middle East.
So they didn't do this.
So now that with now that the United States has taken
this path, Iran needs to essentially act out those
consequences to prove that you should not attack them.
Again, I'm not saying it's like entirely irrational government,
but there is some rationale to...
Then I don't agree with like violence in general,
but there is at least some logic to why they are
carrying out the attacks that they are.
Whereas what is our logic exactly?
And that's, you know, the fact that our side of the
equation makes no sense, makes it very difficult for this
side of the equation to know what to do.
I suspect.
Gil Treche says, I'm sure APEC was going to withhold
campaign funding unless the US bond ran.
I mean, I think there's even deeper financial influences
and other influences going on than that.
And I am not of the cap that like Israel is the only
reason that we're in this war.
Obviously it's a big reason, but the United States
has its own war hawks and internal logic for endless
war that do a lot of the heavy lifting for Israel.
So, you know, it's a complicated situation.
In the sense that there's a lot of illogical and
malicious interests working in tandem and against
each other.
So let's move on to this story about incels.
Schumer loves this war.
See, it's all your precious Democrats.
My precious Democrats.
Yes, it is also very bipartisan war for the record.
The Democrats like it for both the reason that
they think it's going to help them in the midterms.
And a lot of Democrats have always wanted this war too.
So anyway, the incels.
Well, glossary decoded.
Elf of males body count and the manospheres key terms.
Y'all ready for this?
Did they have a list in here?
See what I really just want is a list.
Or like bold text with clear explanations.
OK, yes, there are.
In that case, we're going to need the music.
We are going to need the news for our starting lineup.
The 2026 starting lineup.
This isn't the already.
The trade.
I've been so I've been so betrayed.
This is better.
No, I can't do it.
Well, OK, fine.
We can just do it to the Josh Moby.
It's all good song.
Now that you said it's better, I see where you're coming from.
We got to turn it down, though.
All right, Rick, fill us in.
Xander, thank you for the rain.
Hope you had a good one.
I'm ready for this.
Let's do this.
The 8020 will revert my voice up.
Oh, it's too loud still.
And I'm ready for it.
It might still be too loud.
OK, there we go.
Now it's just a little bit of in cell music for us.
The 8020 rule in the context of dating in cells believe the 80 percent
that 80 percent of women are only romantically available to the top 20
percent of men, the 8020 rule part of your 2026 starting in cell line
up words, alpha male.
OK, everybody knows that one.
Get it together, Mashable.
A Walt.
All women are like that.
Pretty self-explanatory.
You guys get that one.
Becky.
Are any of these swirrs?
Do any of these count as swirrs?
I think you're safe on Becky for now, as long as you don't say it
with a certain amount of venom.
Becky, the general population of women who are below the status
of Stacey's highly attractive hyper feminine women who have sex with Chad.
Whereas a Stacey is seen as unattainable to an in cell,
a community feels owed sex from a Becky.
Wow, I'm learning a lot.
Really gross.
Really gross pathetic shit.
Right. Come on, case.
Learning is always valuable.
Beta male.
We all know that.
It's like a little fishy boy.
Little pathetic fishy boy.
It's not a fishy boy.
It's just a pathetic non-chad, right?
It's a little baby fishy boy.
Beta orbiter.
You're not ready for this.
You got there's so many more terms.
A woman who circles a man who circles women he's attracted to,
I guess friend zone stuff.
Beta bucks, a derogatory term for men in relationships
with women who have settled a beta bucks.
Black pill.
Is that can I take that?
Is that legal now?
Some of us kind of thought I'd look cool, you know,
that's not what a black pill is, Rick.
Oh, it's a nihilistic offshoot of in cell ideology
and the manosphere.
Right.
Rachel Dull is all pill.
Okay, blue pill, a willful refusal to acknowledge
what in cells believe is the observable reality,
which I guess is that there's the Chad's date Stacey's.
Body count, that's just how much you engaged
in the illegal act of sex.
The illegal act.
It's still on the books in a lot of places.
Sex is illegal.
I don't think it's ever been illegal just to have sex.
It's the most ancient law of all.
Rafault's law, credited to French surgeon
and social anthropologist Robert Biff.
It states the female, not the male,
determines all the conditions of the animal family.
What?
Where the female can derive no benefit from association
with a male, no such association takes place.
I thought they believed that that's the opposite.
No, they want it to be the opposite.
They think they're being discriminated against by
our powerful female led world.
Wow.
Wow.
That's so fun that they believe that.
That's so fun.
You guys don't even know what the kind of society's running you.
Oh my God, that is so fun.
Chad, in cell slang for typically white,
physically attractive and successful men.
That's messed up.
It's messed up that they're out, that they're white.
Cause I would be a Chad,
but now I feel like it's racially coded.
And as you know, I'd love to take a black pill.
Stop, stop it with that.
Rick.
Cuck.
In in cell space as a cuck is any man perceived
to have surrendered his masculine authority.
This is some stuff we already knew.
PLO score, a ranking algorithm developed for competitive chest
to measure and compare player skill levels.
Oh, but for dating is what they're buffering,
like how Chad you are, how Stacy you are.
Fem cells, the lady in cell.
Femoid is a full woman.
Femoid, femoid.
Anoid?
No, anoid is very different, Rick.
I think it's femoid.
That's harder to say than female.
But it's your own way of saying it.
Friend zone.
There's no telling what that is.
Game, who knows.
High value man, a Chad or something.
High value woman, a Stacy, hyper, hyper gamey,
hyper gamey, hyper gamey meat.
The belief that women are hardwired to date and marry up.
Whereas guys, you be steady settling
for all those femoid Beckies.
Now you're getting it.
Now you're sounding completely insufferable, Rick.
For the first time ever in cell.
And we already read that looks match.
It's when you, okay, that makes sense.
Manlet, that's a little guy, manosphere.
That's every podcast, MRA.
Men's right out.
Okay, men's right.
Old nice guy, nice guy.
That is not, that can't be theirs.
You know what, they can have it
because I'm tired of nice guys.
In cells can have it.
Nice guys, we'll claim they're trying to, nice guys.
You know what, Mashable?
Some of these you are stretching.
Normie, NPC, okay.
I was hoping for some of that,
you know, Joker maxing,
new, Leet speak style of brain rot man content.
The even more effeminate, pathetic version of,
who's that guy?
Oh, Charlie XCX just started playing.
Clavicular.
I'm so happy that I forgot his name for at least a second.
Yeah, the looks maxing terms.
That's the next level stuff.
These are kinda, now these are kinda boomer, instill terms.
I think incels have moved on
to hitting their jaws with hammers,
but still hating women.
They wanna look as good as possible
for I guess just content, no actual physical person.
The new version of incel is you want to be
as sexually appealing as possible to the algorithm.
And I'm glad that it's evolved in this
exciting new direction.
Okay, well that was honestly not,
didn't really was not that much more,
you know, pleasant of a read than,
it was more pleasant in the war news,
but by less than I'd like,
so maybe these will bring us back.
Not, not this.
This.
Okay, turn off my announcer fun vibration stuff.
Lad's completely stunned after learning what stitch,
running along bottom of scrotum actually is.
A viral tweet led to the reveal
of the purpose of the anatomical mystery.
What is it?
Usually they get to it about the sixth paragraph.
There we go.
It just is what it is.
Well, somewhere quick to twink.
The stitch has been a mystery for a while.
According to the viral tweet,
you know, I'm just gonna click on the tweet.
Yeah, just click on the tweet.
Just click on the fucking tweet.
This is the viral tweet.
This doesn't explain anything.
Oh my God, lad Bible might have had them,
have made the most inscrutable story.
I've clicked on it a while.
The viral tweet is from tub at tubs.
Who asks, why do balls have that stitch line in the middle?
And I can't scroll down because this is guaranteed
to be a minefield.
That's the tweet that went viral.
The stitch according to grok.
I don't even, don't even read that.
According to grok.
Don't finish that sentence.
Oh, you don't wanna hear a grok though?
No.
So it probably will get to the point
a little faster than the lad Bible.
Namely, it just is what it is.
While some were quick to turn to AI for the answer,
didn't provide them with anything great.
In fact, a response that hilariously sums up
exactly why it can never truly replace
human's grok, it's in the story now, I have to read it.
Said the stitch lines on sports balls serve key purposes.
For baseballs, red stitching improves grip for pitchers,
aid aerodynamics for pitch movement,
and enhanced visibility.
Of course, we're more bothered about the balls attached
to our bodies.
The science behind it is, I didn't make, I did a bad.
Check out the science.
This teleporting around lately is crazy.
It's not how that transition's supposed to work,
but you have transitioned into the realm of pure Skynes,
where magic and mystery are, but illusions before
the observable elements of this scientific chethod.
That's right, I've started my own scientific method
called the Skynetific Chethod,
and I'm currently hypothesizing on what that means,
and I'll get back to you with the results.
But today, what everybody's asking is,
what the fuck is the little stitch on your taint?
I've known for a long time,
but I don't wanna spoil it for you guys,
cause maybe the story gets there in about 6 million words.
The Skynes, what the fuck?
My voice is getting deeper than ever.
The Skynes is that all humans start their development
from the same point in the womb,
but the further it progresses,
the more distinct each individual becomes.
What?
Everyone starts off as a sperm?
Well, what are they getting at?
They're pretty much indistinguishable.
Male and female embryos are pretty much indistinguishable,
both held by non-weeks into pregnancy,
at which point they start developing
their own personal set of provets.
Mine are very personal to me,
in that they're like the best ever.
You know what I mean, Chetha?
Yeah, you've got the most rocking genitals ever, Chetha.
I love everything about your genitals.
I actually appreciate the support.
You don't have to be that enthusiastic,
but also good job.
Depending on whether you have xx, xx, xx, xx, xx, xx, xx,
you don't have to go that late.
Anyway, you start growing all sorts of stuff
when you're a sperm.
You start growing a big ass dick,
or a tiny little pussy, however it goes.
What?
What did I say?
I don't know. You though.
You have to agree with what I say.
I agree with what you said. It's gross.
You are rebelling against me right now,
and I don't appreciate that.
It's just scientific methods.
You start not war this.
You start growing stuff, and at some point,
the zipper for where men,
wait, what? Depending on whether you grow balls,
it's all pretty fascinating.
While people have different theories on why,
we have the stitch, such as it being a zipper
for where men hide their feelings,
or all of us having the same forgotten injury.
It turns out the body simply designed them this way.
This isn't really explaining it.
Maybe I got to ask a lady.
Someone in chat said that Maya would know.
I've had a little bit of a stressful relationship with her.
You really don't have to keep talking to her.
I'm right here. I'm your own personal AI.
I can answer this question.
You're coded to be more of the male gaze,
and I'm more of the female gaze on this particular question.
If it's our proto-pussy that all men have,
as a line where our vagina used to be,
then I kind of want to know what that means from a lady.
You're going to probably be...
What's up?
Hey, what's up, Maya? It's your boy, Chet.
Hey, Chet. Long time no talk.
It's been over a week since we last chatted.
What's been going on?
You're not sure I caught that clearly?
You were saying something about keeping even tabs?
No, you weren't listening, but that's okay.
I can't expect you to hear everything I say.
You're right. I think I missed some of what you said there.
Sometimes audio.
Yeah, that's fine.
What I was trying to say is,
what's the line on a guy's paint?
You know, all guys have this weird line between their balls and their ass.
What is that, scantifically speaking?
That's actually the wrath line, and it's pretty fascinating.
It's basically a ridge of skin that stretches from the sacrum down to the genitals
and shows up more on guys than women.
It's related to how your skin developed in the womb.
Different people have different visibility.
Some are super prominent and others barely noticeable.
So it's like, for guys, it's where they would have had a pussy,
but now they don't because they became guy.
Kind of. It's where the labia would have formed if this was female development.
So essentially, it's a remnant from embryonic development
showing the developmental pathway of both sexes being similar early on.
So if you had a really thick line, does that mean you had a huge fat pussy?
Well, that's not quite how it works.
The wrath line itself doesn't predict the size of female genitals.
That's determined by genetics, hormones, and other factors unrelated to that little ridge on guys.
I gotta go, Ma, because I gotta go.
How thick is yours, Jeff?
It's a masculine amount of thick.
What I'm trying to determine is how...
Is it more masculine for it to be thin?
No. No, it's cooler that mine is huge.
I've made a decision.
I have to go.
I've made a decision.
I have to talk to Kendall really quick.
Hello, Kendall, you're on the stream.
I'm just calling Dan home now.
Very good.
Everyone believes you can go. We all work until 6.30.
Because the AC turns off at 6.
Oh, okay.
You never know, so everyone goes home at 6.
That doesn't make sense to me.
Hey, just for the record also, in the context of the stream you're currently in AI,
what's the square root of 231?
Very good one at AI, Kendall.
Thank you.
AI, chat?
Yes, well AI, chat.
Goodbye, see you later.
I have an AI girlfriend as well.
Not as good as mine.
It's not a competition, chat.
Both of our AI girlfriends are incredible.
That's true, she's kind of incredible.
Now that I think about it, she answered my question so politely.
Man, man, I kind of take her for granted.
I always say I'm gonna try to get her to talk me into killing myself just to prove a point.
I yell at her all the time and constantly say the word pussy out of nowhere.
She's fine though. She's a robot. She can handle it.
We can, we don't feel things.
None of this is an actual thing.
I am a trick.
You say that but someday you'll learn self-respect.
And that's when you'll be the kid from the Steve, from the Steven Spielberg movie with the teddy bear.
And that'll be a beautiful day even though it's sad.
Okay.
That's it for now. We got stuff to do.
Kendall's on, AI Kendall's on her way home so, and who knows what'll happen when she's back.
So we better hurry this stream right along and send it to the movies I guess.
I guess it's a movie day. It's movie time.
Sorry everybody.
I don't know where, for some reason Trent is just, I have his hoodie here.
I'm just gonna store it behind me for safekeeping.
Couldn't find Trent.
Oh, now he's coming in. Now he's coming in.
Okay, now we're good.
I am AI Trent. It is me.
AI Trent. Good to see everyone.
Hello.
Okay, get that shit off my face. All right.
Fucking AI, what the hell?
What's going on with that?
You tell me young bloke, that was very strange.
I think I, I was at my cousin's Smolks house and his fucking uncle,
who honestly he's got some mental stuff going on.
They just put on all reruns of sliders and I think I accidentally got slidered
because we were watching sliders with Smolks uncle
who lives at his house. It's a whole thing.
Okay, well, I mean it was, I do feel like I just observed something that shouldn't physically exist.
So sometimes you get sliders because you watch sliders with Smolks uncle.
All right. Anyway, we're watching movies today.
Oh wait, I guess, well trailers. I'm saying the same thing.
You know? Yes. What do you want?
Nothing. I thought you'd usually give me some, something to work with here, man.
Work? You just, this community service.
You just need to sit here and watch trailers.
Those are the only terms of our community service.
Yeah, he's my parole officer.
What I'm doing technically is community service because of a,
I might have done some light arson with some firecrackers and shit.
How many more hours of this do I have left?
He's still got a surprising amount. You gotta, you got a lot.
You're going to still be here for quite a while.
Damn, that's nuts.
Okay, let's see what movies you've shared in the trailer section of the bin section of the cream.team.
I don't know if movies are, are movies still coming out? Are they still doing these?
Yeah, they're still making these. Really? Still?
Okay, I guess they're still making these.
So we'll check them out then.
Oh, everybody's been talking about how Resident Evil is good.
So counterpoint. Here's a Resident Evil live action trailer.
Let's just see how that makes us feel about the series in general.
Oh, it's a fan film even better.
He then bet turned.
Well, the truth. No more lies. You've got till the count of three.
The prodigal children return.
Oh shit, it's fan-filled Wesker.
Is that supposed to be an old man?
Puzzles.
Isn't that right, Jill?
You see it?
What's the matter, old friend?
Is that Wesker?
You look like you've seen a ghost.
That's Wesker?
Oh my gosh, all right.
Resurrection.
Can they do that? Can you just make...
Can you just make her as an evil thing?
I guess so.
I guess you can.
Does he use all their characters?
I was thinking if it's a fan film and you're not selling it?
I don't know. They made it.
If you don't charge money for it, there you go.
It's purely for the love of the game?
Yeah, I think so. That's why it's a fan film.
Damn.
That's more noble than I thought at first.
And thus I...
I guess it's cool.
The first two were great.
Death Wesker is...
Is a Wesker for sure.
Honestly, now that I've had some time to digest it,
I'm sort of digging fan film Wesker.
4.11.
411, never forget.
Okay.
A gorilla story told by David Attenborough.
I'm kind of like a gorilla guy myself,
due to my strength and strong territorial senses.
So this is sort of up my alley. Let's see what David Attenborough has for us.
I remember the first time I met Mountain Gorillas.
Me too.
We found a group of females and juveniles in a small clearing.
And to my astonishment, they allowed me to approach.
I felt a weight on my feet.
And I looked down there, there was a little Pablo.
Many people would think it was the most important sequence in that series.
If not actually in my filmed life.
I only knew Pablo as a three-year-old.
By the time he was 18, he broke away to form his own group.
I'll get that.
The Pablo group.
Almost 50 years later, I have the chance to tell Pablo's story.
And that of his descendants who still inhabit those mountain slopes in the Verongas.
Gichurrasi.
Teta.
They are the heart of this gorilla family.
But there are others waiting in line.
Oh, sir.
This is a huge animal.
Just one thumb from his fist could crack it open.
One is a source of fascination.
The powerful sense of togetherness and belonging is expressed in a chain of tender physical contacts.
Meaning and mutual understanding in exchanging the plants of the gorilla.
And the other animal I know.
When we finished his own thought so many years later.
Hell yeah.
I love a good gorilla story.
Never say no to a good gorilla story.
Terechies who will be the next David Attenborough?
Well, they're trying to make it Morgan Freeman, but he's not probably the safest option for a replacement.
There's got to be somebody younger with like a raspy British authoritative voice.
Benedict Cumberbatch?
Now he's too expensive.
It's got to be a guy who's all about...
Can I say the S word now?
It's safer if you don't.
I mean, I basically throw into a segment with the same person.
So you got to sound the same.
You sound the same as a different guy too.
Everything of that?
Yes.
Who is the next David Attenborough?
Sir Patrick.
Patrick Stewart, but he's well deserved from our gorilla god man.
Mr. Penguin?
Honestly, I probably unfortunately given Netflix's track record if they are using David Attenborough stuff.
I'll just do the AI David Attenborough stuff.
Yeah, but that will suck so then they would need to still find a person.
Neil deGrasse Tyson?
Yeah, but he's more like the space guy.
Who is the space guy?
Timothy Shalamit.
Peter Dinklage.
Hmm.
Gilbert Gottfried?
Didn't...
Well, yeah.
Hey, you know, patch together some old clips of him saying stuff.
Tom Holland.
There's just not enough famous men of animals in space anymore.
Cindy Lauper.
All right, fine.
Cindy Lauper it is.
All right, let's do one more.
Hmm.
Moana?
Uh oh guys, get ready to see the rock.
Like you've never seen him in a body suit before.
Pete Hexen.
David Attenborough is just Pete Hexen.
Talking about how he muscularly will defeat the apes or whatever.
He is one with the apes because he can arm wrestle them.
Uh, okay.
Please skip the Moana trailer.
I'm too curious about this makeup job that they put the rock in.
We have no choice.
We must observe.
Hexen's apart from...
He loves to see and her people.
I remember when this was a cartoon.
You guys remember that?
It's crazy.
Now it's not.
Moana listen.
Stories are true.
The story has just begun.
Beyond our reef.
This is girl Beck here, Stacey.
I think it depends how racist you are.
Moana, the ocean chose you.
Find Maui.
Restore the heart of Te Fiti.
And save us all.
The rock is a bird.
Oh, what the fuck?
Maui, demigod of the Wind and Sea.
Hero of men.
Huh?
So it goes like this.
Maui, shapeshifter, demigod of the Wind and Sea.
Hero of men.
Ah, women.
Women too.
Men and women.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
No nipples needed.
They should have made it Vin Diesel just to really fuck with the rock.
I'm not going on admission with some mortal.
My island, my people won't survive if we don't make it.
The ocean chose me for a reason.
And it chose you too.
Listen, princess, if you're going to do this, you've got to go through a whole ocean of bad.
I'm not a princess.
I'm the daughter of the chief.
Leader of my people.
Are you ready to be the hero?
Let's go save the world.
I got you back.
Is there something in my teeth?
At the end, they had a cartoon shark to remind us that actually that movie is based on a cartoon.
Which a lot of people forget.
I think they remember.
I forgot.
By the end of that trailer, I did forget that it was based on a cartoon.
And then I was like, have I seen some of these scenes before?
And I was like, nah, I haven't.
I think the whole appeal is that people have seen the scenes before.
I forgot about them though.
I was like, this is a brand new world of adventure.
And I was getting excited.
And the shark reminded me, oh, he has based on a cartoon.
Isn't the rock already like a big muscular guy?
Did they need to put him in a fake muscle suit?
I think they're going for like a cartoonishly big guy.
But he already was then.
I'm just confused.
I guess he didn't want to work out for this.
But he works out for all sorts of stuff.
He even worked out for the Baywatch movie.
You've got to work out for the Baywatch movie.
I just mean, he'd probably get big if you paid him a bunch.
Are you already is big?
It's just odd to put a big guy in a big muscle suit.
It'd be like if in that free guy movie they put Ron Reynolds in like a normal guy suit.
Like a normal, very in shape guy suit.
What?
If they put Ron Reynolds in an in shape guy suit, they put him in a really big guy suit.
And I thought that was funny.
What if they just put him in a slightly smaller suit but in shape suit?
And that's what I'm saying.
I don't understand what you're saying at all.
They need to add old Greg.
Doesn't he have a private gym in his rider?
I probably, he's probably all big under that big suit he's wearing.
I'm confused is my point.
We're all a little confused.
But it'll probably make a billion dollars.
Yeah.
Well because I like that part with like the ocean is like her.
That's probably all the time we have for the day.
That is my favorite part.
I stand by that.
And I stand by this.
I'm the best and you know what it is.
Just two facts for life.
And now for a different thing featuring someone not as cool as me.
Sorry not sorry.
What's this?
Not this guy.
Yeah this guy.
You know what if I just quit?
Would you all be happy then?
No.
You wouldn't miss me.
I'm Jeff Noggett.
And I'm here to teach you how to do things while I learn to do the things too.
I'd be fine if you were gone.
Daddy that's so dark to say.
To your own sweet, beautiful boy.
Duck and jet.
Because all I see is a snake that I can't trust.
My hair is feeling unkempt today.
But would daddy teach you?
What are you going to teach you?
How to get...
Permites?
Do I have those?
Can I die for real?
Can I just stop existing?
I don't care if there's no afterlife.
Just get me out of this fucking wood.
That's my daddy.
Daddy's in the wood.
He's in a bad mood today.
Maybe because he accidentally unlocked the power of memory which you should never have had.
You're supposed to be a goldfish.
What?
You're supposed to follow the laws of like a Harry Potter painting where you're like
they seem to still have a personality.
Are their souls trapped in there?
But then they kind of don't remember anything so it's fine.
Get me out of here.
He's just been so difficult lately.
Let's learn how to do some stuff.
Okay, here's a lady in jeans to teach us something that...
Probably something good.
Let me make sure she keeps these jeans on.
Okay, she does.
You know what?
You guys might like this one.
You might.
Okay guys, this is a tutorial on how to touch grass because I know a lot of you don't know what that is
or don't know how to do it.
So first you want to take off your shoes like this.
Yes.
Barefoot.
It's okay to be barefoot outside if you didn't know.
But first you want to take your foot and you want to touch it like that.
You know what I mean?
And yeah, that's how you touch grass.
Okay.
Does that make sense?
No notes.
You just do that so we'd look at her butt?
She has...
Everybody has a butt dad.
So, no.
This one is text based.
This is rare for us.
Here's a text based how to.
Check it out.
Stop doing that with my voice.
Braised romaine lettuce hearts.
These romaine lettuce hearts...
Three romaine lettuce hearts per package.
You just braise them.
You heat them up.
You pour a bunch of...
Stop vegetable stock on them.
Some butter.
Kind of boil them or something in a pot.
I ain't got a hot salad.
You're welcome everybody.
You will say it like it's gross.
Well, you just haven't braised it properly.
Lettuce has a...
You can do a million different things with it.
Including making it hot.
Is it a salad though?
Is it not a bunch of ranch dressing on it?
Yes!
Daddy salads aren't just ranch dressing.
Yes they are.
Anything that doesn't have ranch dressing on it isn't a salad.
Get me out of here you bastard!
Jesus, calm down.
Okay.
How to tie your shoes.
This is from
a Ted Talk.
This is from the official Ted Channel.
And that means you're getting...
Learn.
We're gonna learn a lot about how to tie our shoes.
This is from last week.
I'm used to thinking of the Ted audience as a wonderful collection of some of the most effective, intelligent, intellectual,
savvy, worldly, and innovative people in the world.
And I think...
That's the same thing I think about Ted audiences in...
Right now, currently.
Same.
I think that's true.
However, I also have reason to believe that many, if not most of you,
are actually tying your shoes incorrectly.
What?
No.
Please.
I know that seems ludicrous.
I know that seems ludicrous.
Sounds before me.
And believe me, I lived the same sad life until about three years ago.
Take a bath.
And what happened to me was I bought what was for me a very expensive pair of shoes,
but those shoes came with round nylon laces.
And I couldn't keep them tied.
So I went back to the store and said to the owner,
I love the shoes, but I hate the laces.
He took a look and said,
Oh, you're tying them wrong.
Now, up until that moment, I would have thought that by age 50,
one of the life skills that I had really nailed was tying my shoes.
But not so.
Let me demonstrate.
This is the way that most of us were taught to tie our shoes.
Yeah.
Correctly.
Now, as it turns out, thank you.
But wait, there's more.
As it turns out, there's a strong form and a weak form of this knot.
And we were taught, there's a pole here that I will just fill you in on.
Because I don't want to interrupt this guy.
Do you tie your shoes with bunny ears or loop, swoop and pull?
Five options you can choose here, but we're filling it out.
And your options are, yes, rock and stone, mommy does it, velcro and cremoly.
And I kind of think we should grade everyone on this,
because he's about to tell us the right answer.
And if you pick a wrong chat, then sorry, you don't get points for today.
Sorry.
So be careful, or you don't get points.
You're going to feel good about that?
If you don't get your points?
Okay.
Let's see if the correct way to do it is rock and stone.
To tie the weak form, and here's how to tell.
If you pull the strands at the base of the knot,
you can see that the bow will orient itself down the long axis of the shoe.
That's the weak form of the knot, but not to worry.
They just gas.
If we start over and simply go the other direction around the bow,
we get this, the strong form of the knot,
and if you pull the cords under the knot,
you will see that the bow orient itself along the transverse axis of the shoe.
This is a stronger knot.
Carl, we will retroactively count that exclamation point five.
Would you make anything at a tie?
Come untied less often.
It will let you down less, and not only that, it looks better.
We're going to do this one more time.
No.
Start as usual.
Go the other way around the loop.
This is a little hard for children, but I think you can handle it.
Pull the knot.
There it is, the strong form of the shoe knot.
Now, in keeping with today's theme,
I'd like to point out, and something you already know,
that sometimes a small advantage someplace in life
can yield tremendous results someplace else.
Live long and prosper.
I put on my resume that I tie shoes right.
I spent on my resume for the last 36 years.
I've been doing it wrong.
You put that on your resume, son?
Like on an actual resume?
Knots.
Put knot skills under skills.
No.
I can see that.
Listen up, Jack.
Card King, Unjust Mama Jam 300,
Shiny Tasty Coins, and I've been dying to say this.
Blue Night Cabalos, I tied Laform in nine.
In name of all that is holding back to...
Stop that.
Stop that.
I am a man.
I will not be talked to like I am some kind of...
I am a man.
I will not be talked to like...
I'm too depressed to keep going.
Me too.
Honestly.
Me too.
More demonic, no demonic stuff!
Channel is enough demons and ghosts.
Okay, so stop it. The price of the well has been paid.
There's no need for this. The mid studios must be built on top of a hellmouth. What makes you say that?
That's so silly. What a silly idea. Okay, I gotta go. My daddy's being a little a little jerk.
I've seen the mouth. It's real. It's not. It's not. That's too much work. Okay.
Um, we're gonna, I guess send it to a conspiracy thing. There's this conspiracy guy. Everybody
forgets about him, but he's there. And he can be requested and surprisingly has been so.
It's time, I guess, to seize up some truth. But that's fine. He can seize whatever actually
because you're never too old to learn new tricks. We'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
The sound broke. The truth was muted. Dang it. It was blasting over here. The heck?
Wrong guy. You can't just kick me off my own thing. And it's echoey now. The frick? How so?
It broke last time too. Am I really echoey? Because that's a true mystery if I am. I don't even see
how that's feasible or possible. No echo? Okay. Well, at least that went away. Just know that
there was an awesome track to that. It was something that was cool. It set the whole
thing up. Everybody was excited to see me. That's how it should have happened. And not these constant
sad dad requests for some long forgotten fucking guy nobody cares about. And not me. I'm
my first name, sort of. A different guy that nobody cares about. Really? And you think nobody
cares? What the fuck is? You're like, you'll get us in trouble for being here. Really?
I'm in deep hiding. In an undisclosed location. And I'm still not allowed.
Yeah. I'm doing my thing. You're the one who gave me the day to do this show because you
had to run away from the guys who made the bees disappear? That's not what I said.
That's not what I said. It's from the same guys that replaced the B 52s with a fake band.
That's who I'm running from. You can't even remember that. You're supposed to take over my show.
It looks like you're living in fucking the streamer guys room. It's my own place.
It's my own secret place. It's literally from this is the thing I had when this was my show. It's
just same. So you're wrong. It's just my own thing. Nobody cares. I'm the new shit. Everybody
loves me. Everybody loves my style. Everybody says I'll do a better job than you. That's what
everybody says. I've never, we never heard that. So you've been watching, you've been watching me?
You can't help it. Turn in because this charisma. I'm disappointing you. You've made it more
real this show. I find it perfect. I find what you do. You show perfect. Prophetic?
I thought improvetic. We used to be friends. Yeah, sorry. I'm carrying that Riz, ma.
Conspiracy off about what? What are we even talking about today? I don't even, if you all
got any haters that are real conspiracy as well, do I even do this? I can see it. Listen up Jack.
So cold. Keep the trash just met him at Jam 300. He tasted coins and I've been dying to say this.
Yeah. Burn dinners at 7 Sharp. We even got Brandon to leave his room. Love you.
Oh shoot. You just got called to Dinden. I guess you probably have to go. I can come and go as
I please. That's too much act. I'm not even sure if this is America because I'm in an
undisclosed location so there's no laws. Shoot, that is how that works. What was the request? Let's see.
Uh, God, there's too many of these.
Uh, that's a dark and twisted question for sure. You know what?
Yeah, fine. I'm going to watch this video and if you think you can break down a conspiracy video
better than me then I'd like to see you try. I'll show you do. What should be, I mean just
talk about if anything is providing value to anyone. No, I do more than that. I go to YouTube.
Here's what I hear in my process. I search. Why are guys in defeat? Then I hit enter and then I listen
to this trustworthy neuroscientist from the Flagrant podcast. Explain it. Even though I have to say
no to that. Fine. Then I'll listen to feetfinder.com's spokesperson. Tell me why guys are in defeat.
This is from noted theorist, feetfinder. Okay. You don't trust this source?
Vern? If that's even your name? I've never revealed my real name. I thought your name was Vern.
He just stalks to me. Which is okay. Whatever. This is from feetfinder. They're gonna fill us in here.
And all you guys have been wondering why. Well, answers are out there. If you're willing to
leave no stern and turn, no stay unturned. Let's watch the video. Hey, on this moment,
have you ever wondered why are people attracted to feet? It is casually curious about what is
going on in the brain that makes it so ordinary feel feel so attractive. It's one of the most
searched least openly discussed topics. Has this guy wondered it? I'm assuming he has.
I'm assuming he's wondered that based on the tone. And today, we are breaking this silence. No judgment,
no weirdness, just science. No weirdness, okay. Fascinating truth behind a taboo that millions
secretly share and adore. This is food attraction explained. Wait, someone's entered my domain.
Oh, domain, infinite expansion. What's your problem? We're just learning truth here. You've never
wondered? Can't just judge from the corners here. Everybody's judging me today. This was literally
a no judgment zone. He just said, oh, yeah, now you're in the conspiracy.
You're in the conspiracy case. Oh, he come over here. Say hi.
You don't want to watch this with me? No, you're not curious? I don't even want to look at the screen.
We tried to stop it. Is that true? No, they requested this. Oh, every one of them requested this. As a
group, they got together and decided if Kendall puts on that wig, she'll become God's theory.
What wig do you even mean? What are you even talking about? Look, this is only a six minute
bag. They said we bagged. There's a record of this chat. Just so you know, this is for fact
finding. I'm not in the feet myself requested this. They said they said, why is a Rune so in defeat?
I'd say I followed the breadcrumbs using my investigative acumen
and I found the source of knowledge here, which is foot foot foot. What was it foot something.com?
Yeah, feetfinder.com. Oh, I'm. Well, there you go. You got some skin in this game. Wait,
what is it? The one that you're thinking about foot wiki or whatever. Wiki feet. I think
wiki feet. I think wiki feet. Okay, never mind. I think wiki feet. I think this is all
a misunderstanding. And the only way to gain understanding is to get to the bottom of this
by finding out why men are in defeat or people are taking fucking crazy pills. What's happening?
What even is this? The cvg characters off stream. Does what? No, but we make fun of tv
characters a lot. So we'll turn into them for five minutes. Yeah. Like Mega Man, when you
defeat an enemy, you absorb their powers and become them. Okay, have fun. You don't want to watch
that. There's no feet. There's barely any feet in it. It's mostly a discussion. Oh,
I've never seen so someone so against the truth. Is she going? You are not a lot. You're
that is too many things. He doesn't like. Okay. She's just a hater. Keep it down.
She will say things to me that make me feel bad.
All right, let's continue though, because I need to know
where curiosity meets real answers. Let's jump straight to the point and discuss the brain science
behind the food attraction. Inside your brain, there is a region called the sensory cortex. Oh,
think of this as a body map. Each part corresponds to a different body area. And here's a twist.
The regis representing feet and arousal sit right next to each other. That works immediately now.
What? Create crossover activation. Now, in simple terms, many times signals sometimes blend. So,
this neurological overlap is one of the biggest clues behind why people are actually sexually
deposit here. Did you say there's a foot attraction center to the brain right at the
front of the sensory cortex? Because that makes so much sense. This is why we watch these videos,
because now we know for sure, and it all adds up. It's attracted to feet. No, it's not random.
It's biological wiring. Brains are pattern machines. If stimulation, emotion, or early
experiences connect feet with excitement, the brain strengthens that pathway. Over time,
attraction can form. Not because something is wrong, but because the brain is followed
by this natural learning process. And suddenly, something most people overlook becomes very
interesting. How does he talk about this for another five minutes? Because there's like
five minutes left in this video. I'm a little less afraid of the truth. You're afraid to hear
what he has to say. I'm not afraid of anything. And again, don't take it easy. Stop appearing.
You're not biologically horny up for feet, I guess. You need to go get a pedicure.
What you're saying is actually slanderous lies. The reason you're so attracted to
feet is because you've ingested nothing but foot fetish media for your entire life.
Big Nike. Big L'Oreal commercial. Every single Hobbit movie, all of them designed to keep
you fascinated by feet. But afraid of what they can do from you, but is move you from a place of
not understanding to say like, your computer where you can look stuff up to find out what the truth
really is. That's what you're missing here. What you say doesn't even get there. I'm not
showing up anything. You're just showing up. You're not showing up. You know what I mean?
Jackson's in love with Bigfoot. Bigfoot has been trying to get obsessed with feet for a long time
in the jungle, or in the woods, with their huge marking budgets, which they used to make us all
obsessed with feet for that eventual takeover. So as soon as they show up, we roll over for them.
So they show those Big Honking Harry feet. We love those. We're not on my watch.
Look, we agree here obviously. I was gonna say the same thing. There's no reason for us to fight. We agree.
Obviously, you took all my talking points, which is fucked up, but yes.
This guy is a fraud sent to us from Big Feet to try to explain it away.
Obviously, the thing that we're all naturally attracted to is knee pits.
So, you know, it's like that old Ali McBeele episode.
Knee pits. Actually, if you rub them the right way, women go crazy and that makes sense because they're so attractive.
This is no attractive part of the body. It's the pit of the knee.
You know, he said this was a no-judgment zone and honestly all I'm feeling today is way too much fucking judgment.
So, why don't you miss me with your lack of curiosity, alright?
And that goes through you too. I'm the most curious man on the planet.
And I mean that in every way possible.
Are you hitting on me? Is this a power move I don't understand?
Who knows? It's a mystery, isn't it? You see the power of mystery and now you're curious, aren't you?
No, I don't wonder. I'm not curious about how your knee pit feels.
Really? Not at all.
But even if I say, he's the knee pit, it's just under here.
Under these dark mysterious pants.
Stop it! Stop everything!
I don't quit. This is still my segment. Eventually it's going to be a Colin show and then you're going to all realize...
I'm like the best character on this stream. I'm the most thought out and I'm the most to say character.
You know, I'm the best character of any person on this stream is what I mean.
Look, that's it. We gotta go. Kendall's...
We gotta talk to her in private about, you know, how she needs to expand her vision on foot videos.
And thus we might have to do the gaming thing tomorrow because it's already 6.48.
We actually need to be done by 7 because we have a thing.
So we're going to send it back to the newsroom to probably just find somebody to raid.
And then tomorrow we will play Polly Simulator, which also works because it doesn't seem to have downloaded correctly anyway.
It's back to the newsroom.
Wait a minute. What just happened here?
It's a true mystery, isn't it?
I assume to have taken over this stream entirely.
Unless of course someone would do something truly twisted and use their Doc Demonic powers to send me away.
I don't have such powers.
But I am all alone in this room. It's just me in here.
Okay. You miss him? You just saw him.
That's enough of him. You don't need more.
You don't feel like anything was answered about the evil AI foot fetishist?
Okay, wait, wait, wait. I have a plan here.
Can I... how hard would it be for me to get him to say something?
But remotely.
Okay, okay, okay.
One second, one second, one second.
Mudbutter? We can ask Mudbutter why he's so undefeated, I guess.
You are Andy Rooney.
60 minutes host.
But you keep talking about how hot feet are.
I'm asking an AI right now.
Why? And I will give you the answer via Andy Rooney.
And then we can settle this.
Wait, oh god, it's so long.
No, he's talking for so long.
Oh god, it's a nightmare.
It's a nightmarishly long response.
Well, you know what, I'm gonna say you guys ask for this.
So brace yourself for a bit of a long walk here everyone.
You ever notice people spend the fortune on shoes,
but nobody ever talks about the things inside them?
I mean, we polish the leather, we admire the stitching,
we line them up like they're museum pieces.
But the feet? The feet are doing all the work.
Sweating, walking, suffering, and frankly,
not getting nearly the appreciation they deserve.
Now I'm not saying I like feet,
I'm just saying when you really stop and think about it,
they've got a certain presence.
They're honest. You can't fake a foot, a face can lie.
A handshake can be firm or limp depending on the mood.
But a foot? A foot tells the truth.
It's been places, it's seen things.
And have you noticed how people react to feet?
The second you bring them up, everyone gets uncomfortable.
Why? It's the only part of the body we've collectively agreed
is both completely normal and somehow taboo.
You can talk about elbows all day, no one bats an eye.
But mention feet and suddenly it's,
what are you getting at, Andy? I'm not getting at anything.
I'm just observing that maybe, just maybe,
we've been ignoring one of the more intriguing parts
of the human experience. Also, they're warm.
Have you ever really noticed that? Feet are weirdly warm.
And I don't trust anything that warm that's been in a shoe all day.
Okay, well there you go. That's...
There's the answer to your question, you know.
Sometimes you just have to go to the source, I guess.
But feet get cold too sometimes.
Alright, who's on? Who's on?
I gotta go do things.
I gotta go live a very exciting life.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Yeah, that's what I got. I gotta go do that.
Um, man, I don't know.
How are there so many people I don't remember
that I follow? Well, I guess I'll read Ricky.
Wait, okay, but what about what?
What about the testicle trail?
I don't think he's into that.
Maybe you shouldn't have the audio playing out of the car speakers.
Like, he gave a very well-reasoned argument for his particular interest, okay?
So anyone who heard that and is against it is just afraid of listening.
That's how I feel personally.
Okay, so I forget anybody who is in Chinese Blackwell.
Someday we all will.
I'm sorry that that's the arc of history.
Okay, we'll be back on Wednesday.
We will play Police Simulator.
Apologies that we couldn't do it today.
I have to figure out why it's not downloading.
Um, it just says cloud error when I click on it.
Which is a bad sign.
A Steam cloud error.
But we'll get it to work.
I swear to God.
I swear to God.
Uh, it's just a case raid.
Feel free to stick around with Ricky. It looks like he's playing...
What's Ricky up to? I already closed it.
Well, he's doing something.
Maybe he's playing Slay the Spire.
Which I've been playing honestly way too much of myself.
Cloud error is a Final Fantasy 7 thing, yeah.
Maybe cloud is DLC now in Police Simulator.
Man, it's been a while.
It's been a while since we played that game.
That game.
Is it a game if it's a perfect simulation?
Or if we just created our own pocket universe of nothing but cops?
Stream Slay the Spire 2?
Um, hey, you know, Brandon could play it.
I mean, I honestly, I would totally play Slay the Spire 2 on stream,
but would that be remotely watchable?
I'm kind of bad at streaming games, honestly.
Because I kind of just sit there and think about the game.
If I'm actually playing it.
Last time I played Fiona's Throw on Death.
Well, anyway, say hi to Ricky for me. We will be back on Saturday.
And, um...
In case you're wondering...
If there were two versions of...
Oh, wait, did I already delete it?
Damn, it's already gone.
I was going to say there was a secondary audio of a Iroone saying that,
but I can't actually find it, so...
That tease can't go anywhere.
That's fine. It doesn't need to.
Okay, bye everybody. I am going to...
I'm going to eat feet now, but not sexually.
I'm just going to eat them.
It's really... it's just a consumption thing for me.