I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Tarnished once again, I know. It's been a bit. I'm behind on my tarnishing, but I thought today,
why not? A little cozy Eldenstream, exactly. Take it easy.
Various people and things can yell about the news tomorrow. There's always news to yell about.
Switch off the creepy dungeon music. Switch on the cinematic Elden Ring music.
What was I even doing in this game? I kind of don't remember.
But I look as dumb as ever. Oops. There's no audio. Why not? I gotta remember the controls.
I've been playing Hollow Knight so I've forgotten how to do things.
Okay, that's the second time I've done that. Where the hell am I?
Block. Swing. Time to be bad again. We can devour some gods today. I'm gonna say, what the fuck?
Oh my god, little guys are already out here. Stop it, little guys. This is a good warm-up.
We're back in it. That's Sprint around. That's the map. Yeah, I'm remembering how stuff works.
Oh, actually, okay. Brand down here. Did I already do this? I might have done this dungeon.
Did I get to this dungeon and quit? Hog Rift Catacomb. I do not remember. I feel like I must not have
done it. I feel like I'd be... Did I? Is this the dungeon that... Well, you know, why would you...
Why should I expect Chat to know the thing that I should absolutely know?
I'm wondering if this is the dungeon that ends. I've not beat Mesmer. I was gonna save it until I
explored a bit more of the map. Do I have this? Yeah, okay. I must have already done it because I
already have this. What the fuck am I doing? Dude, playing Hollow Knight is totally thrown off.
My sense of what B and A are, weirdly for a bit. Even more than usual. This dungeon sucks.
I think this might be the one that ends in the... I think I've done it. I think it ends in the
God-free or whatever. God-win, death stuff. Yeah, yeah, I've done this one.
So I can just leave. Yeah, it's old Stompy. It's Spike Stompy. All right, now I remember where I was
in this game and I more or less remember how the controls work. We're so good to go.
How far can I get in two to three hours is the question, because then I have a meeting.
I could just fast travel. So I think I need to... Where am I supposed to... I think I go...
I think... I think... What's that I need to go like? Ooh, we've lost our sound again. But Dilemma,
thank you so much for the 21 months. 21. I quite get where I'm supposed to go. To keep it 100.
100 million. Someone mentioned something about like going left here, which I did, but it took me down to here.
I don't think I can go right? What's I'm trying to get to this part of the map?
I'll just wander around until we figure it out. Can I just go right?
Oh, there's a big wall. Where does Case need to go?
That's the question I need an answer to. Thank you, live and sleazy.
I'm gonna run along this wall and see if I figure anything out. I need to get like up there.
Storm the capital. El Duery 6. Straight to hell. Just give it some time.
I'm sure I'll work my way there both in the game and life eventually. I think maybe
we trick as I need to go into this building and then to the left or something. Oh God, I goofed.
I goofed. Oh my God, I had so many runes. I never noticed how many runes I have until I'm dead.
Pundtown? I like to imagine that that's Poundtown specifically for pundits. Good old pundtown.
I like Pundtown even more dilemma.
Downtown. Where the lights will be shining. The hood? It's me, Case. I'm going to go to the hood.
What counts as the hood in Elden Ring? Pundtown wins. No choice but to get my pund on.
Pund kind of sounds like a some sort of sexual thing. She touched my pund.
Okay, this time I need to not jump off of it. I should also probably use my 120,000 runes.
Anywhere the guy wearing drapes and a wheel around his neck. Yeah, that's fair.
I'll bring the hood with me. I'm also just wearing a melty-ass helmet. This guy's
truly looking like absolute shit. Maybe I jump on that, but I don't kill myself.
And that's the secret. Through the secret waterfall.
Oh, pundendum. Go back in the swing of this. I can ride a horse again. I like how looking at this map I
have no idea how to get over here. You think you'd go this way? The answer to that is no. Oh my god.
There is an active high-pride.
But maybe for my own sanity, we'll turn down the high-pride music.
We'll leave it a little low. Oh, thank you the 100-bit skimer. Does the high-pride know how to
fat roll? Maybe I should make my guy fat roll. Yeah, let me open my activity.
Dang. A sponge the reefer. Thank you so much. Six months of tier one. Subscribe for 16 months.
That's crazy. Ambient train noise. I should find like a dark ambient remix of this song or play
for when I'm Elden Ringing. I'm in the land of the dead, which is a different form of hell than
the uh, than where the hype train is. I don't even know if the hype train can get in here right
now. Okay, wait, this looks like maybe a way to go. Yeah, this looks promising. Down we go.
Into hell. I think I'm medium rolling right now. It's like the hype train would fat roll. Okay,
what's this? No horse ahead. There a wall here or something? No? Surely they wouldn't just give
us a totally useless room. Completely pointless. Why Elden Ring? What is the meaning of this room?
There's no invisible wall? It's just a pointless ass room? I messed this room up at least. I punished
it for not having anything in it. Oh, I guess I could drop down in here from somewhere.
Okay, well that's not the way then. But what is the way? Damn, getting lost. I guess I could just
look it up. Save everyone some time with me. Flailing around this man. Seems like I should be
able to figure it out. Okay, here's the lovely realm of, of tortured guys. Oh, I'm back at this place.
I don't want to be here. I don't want to be here. Is it you? Are you with me? Look at this dork.
Sorry. Damn it, this room sucks too. It's not even a hole in the wall.
Reverie Wolf, great to see you. Currently I have no idea where to go. Trying to get over here.
I think maybe, where am I? I just don't know. Maybe I go up into the left? Back and to the left.
Yeah, maybe, yeah, that could be a thing. Exactly. Exactly life at least. I got a JFK this.
No, it's just starting, I swear. I just have to figure out where I'm going. Maybe this way.
Ow. Oh, geez. Oh, yeah, I have all those runes again. I keep forgetting. Did I even rest?
Oh, I have to go run all the way back over here. I forgot that it's very easy to die.
Yeah, yeah, the map is a bit confusing. Oh, I got to remember to rest somewhere.
I can at least run straight to where I was. Oh still? Maybe she got a new weapon.
Maybe it's time to switch up this boring ass build. I'm getting, I do have science eyes.
I mustn't forget that I have the eyes of science.
Fellas? I'm surprised how many areas in this DLC are. I mean, that's pretty classic Dark Souls,
or just like super missable. But I guess most players will just look it up if they fully
missed it. All right, horse friend. Go rest at this thing. At the bonfire of the dead.
Stop it. Stop it. Oh yeah, I can just fast travel. Dude, when I stop playing a game for a second,
I forget entirely how it works. But whatever, I'm practicing my running. Oh, I keep an airing button.
Level me up. I don't have any runes because I died. It's all making sense. Getting map fragments.
Yeah, I mean, if I can get over to the left, then I should build crap one.
I can see where it is on the map. I just need to figure out how to get down.
Oh yeah, where do I have all these markers? Oh, these are little pieces of, uh, I'll just leave
them there then. Those are my skadoo fragments. Aka Shadoo fragments. Aka stones. Four magic stones.
All right, this time you're mine, buddy. Trick was to attack you quickly.
Hey, hi dog. Okay, up here. Yeah, I can't reach it. I don't know. I don't know where to,
I don't know where to go at all. And I've already been up here. That's bad.
Oh wait, but from up here, maybe I can see where to go. There's a bunch of corpses.
There's a fun tower. It's like cross over there. Maybe.
Yeah, Pun Town is at the base of this waterfall. That's where all the punding is happening.
And obviously my guy wants to get there. He's dressed appropriately for Pun Town.
Wow, they really should have seen me coming. I was not being very sneaky in how I walked up.
Shadow bait. I gotta get rid of shadow bait. I'd never use it.
Where's my eye, there's my eye laser. Last time I was here, I was just dying so much.
I ended up sprinting through it basically. So maybe this is a good way to actually figure
out what I missed. Everything was just killing my ass so hard. Dude, you guys are fake friends for real.
No response to his long time immortal best friend just getting nuked right in front of him.
Could not have been more bored about that. Oh hello. Can I fight these guys yet? Oh my god,
they're still so tough. But how tough are you really? Uh oh, pretty tough. No, that's the wrong
thing. Science was the answer. I've not beaten Mesmer yet, no. I'm Mesmerless. I'm actually doing
a Mesmerless run. It's a Mesmer. Negative Mesmer percent run. Not because I suck. It's in here.
Okay, so far I'm regretting my decision to return to this area. It's not paying off for me. Oh,
I should have known. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I skipped the humbling of me losing a Mesmer 50 times.
Said I'll just explore more immediately. Okay, well that didn't do anything.
That was not the way. Yeah, it kind of looks like it should have branching paths.
I'm not quite getting what they are. Maybe they're just in here. Are you a branching path?
This could be a branching path. Let's see if we're branching. What's up man? Oh, maybe he was my friend.
He's just kind of staring at me. What the? There's doggies down here.
Doggy daycare. I feel like I've done this actually. I feel like I've literally already done that.
Literally. Hello dog. God, he's so good at moving. I think I have already been down here. Oh, I need
to beat Mesmer to flood the area because I will go start fighting Mesmer. Maybe I just need to jump
over here. This looks promising or like I'll die or both. Platforming. Okay, this seems like a thing.
Purtles. Have I fought Bailey yet? The women's champ? You see the women's champ? No, I don't
actually know. Okay, I don't think I've been here yet. So this is good. This might be what we're
looking for. It's Bailey. People would get pretty pumped if they walked into one of these
boss rooms and there was just a bunch of WWE wrestlers or even just one. Sacrifice narrative
cohesion for collaborations already Miyazaki. Oh, but it also just walked in here and got a left.
What's right then? Okay, I already went right. Yeah, I opened that gate or something.
Wait, that means I've probably already been in here too. No. No, this is probably not the way.
Ah, a hug based opponent. I should have put more stats into faith if I wanted to go a hug build.
Well, shit. This isn't the way at all. I got so excited. Turns out this is just a normal path.
I've actually done the shadowkeep. I could warp there right now.
But I'm hoping to get to the other side of the map first, which I think you can do.
I could just look it up. Maybe I will because this is getting a bit annoying.
I feel like if I just keep my eyes open, something should be visually apparent that way.
Right heading northeast of the Morse Ruins to head for the map fragment. I don't know what the
Morse Ruins are. Are you Morse Ruins? No. These are the Morse Ruins. North and then east.
I feel like I ran around this whole ledge and there was no way past it.
All right, screw it. I'll just look it up.
This is the northeast of the map, northwest.
Elden Ring, Shadow, Elden Ring DLC. How to get northwest map. There we go.
Hidden area. We're on the whole northwest of the map. A hidden area?
That's a little crazy. Let me show you guys what I'm looking at here. If I can even find my
screen share thing. There we go. Okay, where's this guy? Oh, you're totally right. Unsurprisingly,
Reverie Wolf. I have not challenged. Why is he doing so many? All right, we're going to two
times this. He's being thorough, which I appreciate, but I also kind of don't know what he's doing.
Okay, running there. I've definitely already been here too. Does I remember running through there?
Yeah, this is where I feel like I fought hippos or something. Maybe not. Maybe it's a different area.
Okay, so I'm just in the totally wrong part of the map. That's exciting. Look at my man go.
Rao Base. I don't think I've been here. Just keeps following this, I guess. This horse at two
times speed has a nice jaunt to it. Way to go, Gorse. Oh, so much. It's somewhat empty space.
That's the way to get there. All right, nice. Nice and logical. Now it's actually me playing.
At normal speed. I can also challenge dry leaf Dane, maybe. I will never stop hitting
B instead of A, apparently. Oh, I wonder if I have the emote made the best man win.
Honestly, don't really remember how to use emote. Metalcast, thank you for the 17.
So, so 17 months of the cast being metal. Love to see it. Thank you so much. Oh my God,
I did it again. That's A. What was I even leveling up? Level up strength? I guess I'll just keep going
with arcane. Seeing as that is my build. Her faith? Yeah, you know, faith and maybe speaking
of her new spells, you will not die. Oh, because it's a friend. It's a friendly. It's not a money
match. Switch, do I have me the best man win? I do. But that's jump for joy. So my man,
do I need to be more in front of you? That's I do. Hey, I'm talking to you, dude.
I said, may the best man win. There we go. I'm actually the cheapest man.
Get Dane up. Oh God. Gonna kick my ass. Fuck is that? Just punching me. Trying to drive him crazy.
Damn, he's too sane. It's too sane to be stopped. Nice. Dodge is dry leaf Dane.
My wheel makes me immune to going crazy. But apparently his hat makes him also not go crazy.
Stop it, dry leaf Dane. Oh, that's what he really does. Uh-oh, I'm out of juice.
Switch to punching mode. Looking him with the walk off. He got lucky. Well, he's not counting
on as me challenging him again and again. I wonder where my runes are. Oh, I don't even die. Oh, I do
die. Where are my runes? All right, dry leaf. I'm ready for you this time. Doing your dry leaves.
What's up, dude? You see this? See this stance, man? He's not counting on me using my
hat. That horribly poisoned this time. It's just a friendly fight where I poison you to death.
Ow, ow, ow. You're slow thing. I can do my incredibly slow thing. You know you wanna.
Yeah, there it is. Oh, shit. I thought I was out of range of it. Can we have the cross
too slow? Oh, baby. Listen up, Jack. Microphone and I under just Mama James 750
shorty tasty coins and I've been dying to say this. I'm announcing that post-presidency
I'll be helping notorious, sexual and man-cased black will collect C. Deuce in the underworld.
Thank you so much, Biden. I appreciate that. Even if your mouth isn't working today,
that's a beautiful sentiment. So wait, is my mic, my mic might be extremely quiet one second.
Is that better? Eh, maybe it's too quiet today. I was kind of loud on my end. Yeah, he uses the
power of the mindin, Joe mindin. Okay, whatever. I've turned myself up. Yeah, just sometimes I look at my
little bouncing green lines and they're a little low. All right, what's up dude? Your piss that I
use the crotch rod on you? And get ready for more eye lasers. I might replace them with Kamala
eventually, but the thing I'm using for Biden, I don't think has a Kamala currently.
So we'll at least give Biden through his current run as president, I guess. Oh, the secret was just
to hit R a lot. Should have known. Biden could I just rip a pedo's job? Yeah, I know. What's
he gonna do if he's not even a producer on this esteemed news network?
The dry leaf arts and the hat. What if the hat's somehow better than my hat? We could, we could
pray. This thing offers a ton of focus and something else that I'm forgetting. I think it gives me
more faith or something or I cannot remember. Oh, it gives me more arcane. That's pretty good.
I am an arcane guy. Maybe I wanted to check out his hat. Where's Dane's hat? Dane!
Dane, your hat kind of sucks. The sun faded and lightly soiled hat of dry leaf Dane worn low over
the eyes. It obscures the wearer's vision. Meeting the gaze of another can overcome the
senses of and leading to the downfall of those who would walk the noble solitary seeker's path.
A pass kicker.
Listen up, Jack. Microphone at 900, just Mama Jam 300, shiny, tasty coins and I've been dying to save
this. You can get rid of me. I'll move into the walls with my main man, Peter Gribbles.
Oh, you and Gribbles? You and the Gribbler? In the walls? Just having a grand old time.
Microphone at 900, thank you so much. Two generous, dropping the 750. Resummoning Biden
to defend his job with the 300. Soiled with what?
Dedication. All right, we showed him who's boss. We got his hat. Oh, the knuckles.
They don't randomly scale off arcane, do they? That'd be too cool. No, they scale off
strength and dex and that does make more sense for gloves. Although maybe I could add arcane to them.
Be an arcane punch boy. Yeah, it's one of the new punch weapons. You can be a punch boy.
Which does sound kind of fun. Oh my god. How dare you spirit me away. Gribblin and Didlun?
Let's hope he was only Gribblin. Bless his dedication.
He broken. The dry leaf arts and the path of the wanderer.
Hey, this is the way. If I can summon in here nice. What's up little guys? Perfumers!
Why are you so tough? Oh, you're not that tough. Kind of fucked you up actually.
Pretty sure I'm the bad guy. I just ran in here and a horse and started murdering these people.
Oh god. Okay, never mind. They're the bad guys. They're bullying me for attacking them.
I'll show you who has unfair spells. Okay, get spelled on. Boom.
Sucks to suck. Sorry. Some gloves. I called them the slur of perfumer.
You know, originally I was going to go for a perfumer build in this game.
But then I realized it's not exactly a thing. Although, you know, it looks like in the DLC it
might be. I have like perfumer weapons now. Actually, what are those scowl? What are our
perfumers scaling off of? A frenzy flame perfume bottle. Everything but arcane.
Every stat but the one I'm invested in. This one is off of arcane. I could become a poison man.
It's kind of fun. Maybe I should. I can just spam poison it people.
I'm going to equip it in my third slot just for the hell of it. See how it looks. That's kind of fun.
I love poison. I love poison. I can dual wield them. I can be a frenzy perfume freak.
Oh yeah. Can I throw it? Is that L2? Is that my weapon art? My dual wield? I poisoned myself!
That's not ideal. Hey, what do you think of this? I'm kind of a poison guy now.
Are you poisoned yet? Yeah. Get poisoned, dude. Please. Oh my gosh. Well, it staggers the
shit out of these things. It's kind of funny. I'm going to go level these up just for the hell of it.
Just well, once I get to a bonfire or whatever site of grace, I will uh, I'll go level up my poison
points and while we're at it, we may as well level up the other one. Then I can just do
little perfume dances for no reason on enemies. That way we really feel like we're playing this
DLC. Oh my god, I'm so poisoned. What's your deal? Put away your sword. Hello friend.
Origer's brood cookbook. Perlescent scale. I don't think I've ever seen one of these things
not murdering me. Look at all those hands. I'll be honest. He does not look great.
But maybe he's healthy. He looks pretty unhealthy. Yeah, I'm pretty poisoned,
but I'm trying to be his pal. It's not my fault that I'm poisoned. Yes, I did it to myself.
But it didn't mean to. Look, there's more hands down there. Mutated hands across America. If I
murder him, I get loot. Oh, heal him. The dude in the giant armor you met earlier tells you
about them. They are forager broods. Way more chill and not fans of war. That's pretty nice.
Do I have a healing spell? I don't know if I do.
I have the golden vow. Can I do that to him? Oh, I don't have any more MP. I want to vow you.
I guess I can only target myself with this. The golden vow. Does this impress you?
It doesn't. I have to go equip a healing spell. Come back, I guess. We'll do that eventually.
We'll try to remember that he's there. Why can't you guys be as cool as Bugman?
Bugman is so chill. You two birds. So aggressive. Never mind. You guys are chill.
These guys are cool. Why can't you be more like these birds? Isaac,
get back. These birds suck. I'm going backwards. Okay, here we go. I think this is right. Yeah,
either that or this is the way I came from and I'm using it. No, this seems right. I don't really
care to fight any of these birds, but I will steal their stuff. Oh, they got me. They did a good
job of guarding whatever that was. On the bright side, I can now equip a healing spell to heal my
bug friend. It's not hitting the wrong button. I wonder what controller it is that I've used
enough of to make me think that this is A and this is B, because I do this on every game.
So you think I'd be used to it by now, but I'm not. All right, Shadow Bating is no longer for us.
Just Nintendo. That is what I played growing up. So that makes sense. A and B would be Nintendo.
Yeah. So on Nintendo, it's not A and B. Like A, B, it's A, B. I guess I have a switch controller
over there. They're appalling us. They're all reversed. That's so annoying. A and B should be the
USBC of gaming. Okay, wait, I gotta remember how to heal people. Heal from afar. Greatly heals
HP for distant allies. Spell reaches. How about just heal from right next to them? Do I have that?
Urgent heal. Heals a small amount of HP. Heals HP for self and allies. Okay, that sounds about
right. Great heal. Greatly heals HP for self and allies. I should probably just have that.
Now we're cooking.
Yeah, I mean, I'm guessing that decision was made long ago. It's too late to switch it back, but
I've been playing Hollow Knight on my Switch as I bought it to play on an airplane.
Which I, at first, much like a Dark Souls game I found, extremely frustrating,
but I know I like it quite a bit. Anyway, I guess it's A, B pilled my brain.
I'm A, B pilled. I'm kind of at the end of Hollow Knight actually, and I can't decide if I want to
bother fighting Pantheons instead of doing the normal ending. Maybe I do all the endings.
I've heard, if for anybody who's played Hollow Knight, that Pantheon 5 is just kind of a miserable
experience, but I am liking the game. So should I go for it? Should I be a real ass gamer?
I forgot to heal my friend. Wait, okay, first we'll get this. So we don't have to double back here.
Then I gotta go heal my friend. Yeah, there are certain grindy aspects currently working to Hollow
Knight that I'm much like I complain about with this game. I'm not always the hugest fan of.
It seems like for the base game, you kind of scale your character up to a point
where it's not as frustrating. I feel like the game actually for me kind of had like an
inverse difficulty curve and not just because I was getting better at it. It felt like the game kind
of legitimately got easier in the second half. It was like hardest in the first,
but I haven't fought the last boss yet, so maybe I'm fine. The thing is, if I start it,
I'll probably, you know, pretty easily obsess my thing. The decision to begin is the decision to
commit. Oh, I guess this is just a poison swamp. I forgot I'm playing a Dark Souls game. Of course,
it's a poison swamp. Yeah, there's um, the boss fights do kind of scale up in intensity,
but I just feel like my weapon got so much stronger that they weren't that big of a deal anymore.
I kind of remember playing the original, not well, the Super Nintendo Metroid
as a kid and feeling like I was struggling a ton at the end, but maybe I wasn't. You like that?
You didn't care about that? What do you want from me, man? Did I not heal you? Do I have to be right
up in your ass? All right, I guess he doesn't count as an ally. How the fuck do I heal this thing?
Do I need a traditional sorcery? Do I have to blast him with a healing bolt?
Can't even lock onto him, so I don't really get what to do. Well, the only responsible
thing is to give up a Gravebird Ankylots. I just got new shoes. I know you guys live in
poison, but here's some more. Oh, there's one you heal. Okay. Well, yeah, I'm ready to heal when I get
there now. All right, let's got that. Let's hear. I'll never guess what I just did. There we go.
Smith, I need you to hit my glass bobbles with a hammer. Yeah, I was not the bug I'm looking for.
He sounds fine. It's okay that I'm forcing him to work for the bone, work to the bone,
and four bones. I pay him in bones. So many smithing stones. Oh, wow, that was all the way up.
Nice. Oh, wait, should I, should I have a certain type of thing? Oh, I don't think I could.
That's fine. I'm not even, I can't even remember how you, uh, attuned things.
They're also new perfumer weapon arts. That's exciting. I also have the Niah's torch. Oh,
I don't have the intelligence to wear this. My guy's too dumb. It also scales mostly with
dexterity by the look of it. So I guess we'll just be a poison man for now. Maybe we'll give
ourselves a little intelligence just so we can whip two for, whip two perfume bottles around.
I should put it in my second hand though. I'm a dual wielder. The science continues.
Yeah, you can do hand the poison. And when you do it, it lets you do like a
whip it like a helicopter thing. I whip my bottle back and forth. I whip my bottle back and forth.
Oh yes. Some more gray ruins. What's going on over there? Oh, a little fire dog action.
Bye. Hello there, sir. I noticed you have a fire dog. Uh oh, what's happening? I'm under attack.
But I don't know by who. Oh, it's a long distance enemy. Okay, whatever. Stop it, big guy.
Don't do it. All right, I'm gonna fuck him up. He's still trying to shoot me with an arrow?
Feels like there's gotta be a better way. That was bad of me. I should have just kept
smashing him in the leg. Does he hate science? How does this guy feel about science?
Uh oh, he too has science. I don't think he cares about science. Whoa. Got me. Oh, stop it.
Wait a minute, I'm gonna die. What? There's probably like a finishing move I should have
been doing on him, but I was not. Okay, pretty good. Pretty good move. Yeah.
God, the wind ups. Oh, slow. Feet, feet, feet, feet, feet. They're so close to dead.
So am I. Uh oh. No.
They got too greedy as usual. Well, I'm gonna call it a draw because we were so close to dead.
Yeah, it was up close and personal. I could just describe his feet for WikiFeed.
Well, I'm not gonna fight that again. It's too boring. I really did scrum it screeners him.
He did the most classic thing of all. He had no health left and he killed me. There we go. Hello.
Stop it. Over here. That only hurt my horse. Skidoo? Oh, are you Skidoo? Oh, I should get the
Mab Frag move before I start taking little side roads. You can go back up. I'm here to persecute
you as well. Sorry. We made it. It only took us an hour and a half. We got a piece of map.
Makes it all worth it. Templetown. I just didn't like the way they were looking at me.
Oh, a person's up there. That's exciting. Wait a minute. This looks so much like the starting
area. I thought I was back in it. I do still, like this game does look very impressive. I do
still feel like DLC just looks so samey to me. But it's pretty dismissive of a lot of hard work,
I'm pretty sure. It does have some height. I do like that. I like how there's that spooky
shadow tower over there where our shadow boss is. There's a lot of Shidoo going on.
Yeah, I have not seen all the areas either. I guess I just mean the base. The base map,
it's asking too much when this is a DLC probably. But I kind of wish they just, I don't know,
I don't know if it's a slightly visually different angle than the main game. But that does feel like
a fairly whiny complaint. Up there. I haven't been to either of those. I did like the chaos woods
even though they kind of just look like a fairly standard Dark Souls swamp.
I thought for this game they at least look a little different. And I really liked
Crazy Boy's Keep. The Mad Man Keep, whatever that was. Oh, we're climbers y'all. Oh, I could have just
gone up the stairs. That makes more sense. Yeah, I thought the frenzied woods had kind of a neat vibe.
Skadood! I knew it. I knew it was important. I honestly don't think I really need,
it'd probably be better to have all of, oh there's a
trace, I should get that. It'd probably be good to have all the Skadood Creed tree
fragments to beat the game. But it's not a chart somewhere of how much they affect you.
And it feels like by level 11 you've got the bulk of the buff that they give you.
Which I kind of appreciate. I think it's, I've said this before too,
my endless quest to complain about this game. That I kind of don't love the Skadood tree
system, so I'm relieved to not have to engage with it much more. I think I'm at 11. You know,
it's worth checking though. I also, that might have been enough to upgrade it again.
You got 20 for the last boss. Yeah, I haven't kept track of which ones I've gotten unfortunately.
Oh my god, I hit, I hit the wrong button. Hey, I'm at 12. Not enough.
Yeah, I don't know how many I currently have. But level 6 revered. Yeah, no, I think it makes sense why
they did it. I probably would have, honestly probably would have preferred it was just like a
secondary XP bar for fighting enemies. But I'm sure they wanted to do something different than
the base game. Ooh, five fragments, nice. Yeah, I think I need three now for every level.
But I think the last eight levels will only get me like, because I think I'm already at like almost
100%. Like I'm kind of doubled in defense and damage from the 12 I have. And I think maybe the last
eight had like another 50% or something. I can't remember. How do I get in this gray building?
I was just in it. Oh, maybe my jumping thing was the way in. It's just all these weeping guys
out here. Case you didn't know this world is not good. It's bad for the people.
All right, shit, I do have to do a jumping thing to get in there.
I thought I was being dumb by jumping in. I guess that was the actual way.
Oh, you're a Skadoob boy, maybe. Yeah? No. He just had glowy eyes. Like I had farmer's
strength. You're too depressed to live, man. I can summon here. Why not? Take my life.
Come spam this. Probably not that hard enemy with me. Uh oh, never mind. It's one of these guys.
Hey, you do you deal with them. Oh God, I gave him the poison thing. He's just going to be
poisoning the whole time. Holy shit. God is both. Nope. I knew I was going to do that.
Did the mimic tear die? Oh, he died. My mimic tear did it for me.
Unless it can teleport, it's going to stay down here. Got the armor.
You can definitely bullwinkled Gunched. Well, that's one way to kill a
night enemy. Spam, heal, and fall off the edge. What's up with this Skadoo ass town?
Two-handed sword talisman. I am currently two handing a weapon. Maybe that's good.
Hans' attacks with two-handed weapons. Is that just any weapon that you're two-handing?
Because I do two-hand this all the time. Maybe I should do it. Yeah, whatever. We don't use all
our stamina, right? Just go in here. Yeah. It's too bad they already used the area
named Weeping Peninsula in the base game. Because you could kind of just name this.
This could have just been called Elden Ring, the Weeping Peninsula. Come enjoy the sights.
Various Weeping Phantoms. A Skadoo!
Oh, Spirit Ash. Slightly worse, but whatever. Four turtles.
Sad boy town. Come for the fragments. Stay for the Weeping Dead. I really...
If they'd called it Elden Ring, Sad Boy Town.
It's an immediate 10 out of 10 for me. I'm not allowed to complain about anything if they
call it that. I also do like check out our dead as a title. Oh good. The Blood Folks.
The Scarlet Rotted, but really red ones. Let's bravely ignore them all. What's up here?
Nebletown Ruins. A Beast Horn. I'm guessing that's just a crafting material.
Seven Elbow Sad Boy Town. Seven Elbow Sad Boy Run. That's what's up here, I guess.
Damn. What? Divine Bird Warrior Onus. Sorry, Ornith. Oh, he's got some birds out here.
Nice. I scared him away. Yeah, should I level up my Birdman?
Is anything better than the Mimic Tier? Honestly, my Mimic Tier does kind of suck lately.
Read the lore. Oh, good call. He's a Birdman. I should know what's up. Oh wait, Inventory.
Him. Ashen Remains. Oh yeah, I have a friend that can do this.
Or I don't. Yes, you do. Okay, there we go. Ashen Remains in which spirits dwell.
You'll summon the spirit of Ornith the Divine Bird Warrior. Spirit of the Divine Bird. Warrior
from whom the horned warriors claim descent. Mad in golden armor and granted wings and feathers
by divine invocation. Ornith succeeded in taming the Divine Bird and made its wings his own as he
soared through the sky. I said it fucked up when you cut off your pet's wings. But we do that stuff
here. That's what we're into. When he finally fell to earth, he lived on as the guardian deity of
the temple corridor. So just to clarify there, he famed a bird, made his pet cut off its wings,
immediately shot to the sky and Icarus himself. And his reward is he can be your little spirit slave.
And that's all from me. What a life. What a life he led. Divine Bird Warrior, Ornith. Uh-oh.
Sometimes I wonder if to come up with Elden Ring character names, they just, uh,
like write, you know, kind of an old-sounding name. And they have like a pile of nouns and they
have a pile of like impressive sounding adjectives and royal positions. You know, confessor, adjudicator.
And then they just pull them out of a hat and combine them. That might be how I would do it.
They're like, what are we gonna put in this area? You can't get out of the hat. Okay, we got Divine
Bird and Ornith. That sounds dumb. Throw Warrior in there. Laughing Kamala. It'd be like laughing
Duchess Kamala or something. Oh, Jesus. What the frick? Oh my God. It's finding my own business.
If I only had Ornith, I would have made it through there. No problem. Please, Ornith. Oh my God,
these guys are annoying. Well, I might have to say goodbye to those souls. There they are.
That heat seeking attack is just like, I guess I could fight them.
I could do some fun fighting of a red version of this enemy I hate.
Daedalus, good to see ya. Welcome, tarnished. Well, this time my dead runes, dead boy runes
are slightly further up. Don't do it, guys. Stop it. What the? I survived. Uh-oh. Or not.
Skadoo? Oh, Grave Bird's Black Quill Armor. I wonder if this will explain what the hell is
going on with the Grave Birds a little more. Hello, friends. I'm coming to be murdered by you.
We'll read about our grave friend when we're a little further out of this.
Bug-infested Hell Pit. There we go. We're on the other side of it. Stone Armor with a Tinge
of Green, one of a set of armor pieces cast in the image of the Grave Bird, featuring a cape
of black deathbird feathers that enhances jumping attacks. Oh, okay, that's fun.
Grave Birds are ancient golems created to guard the spirit graves built where the all
manners of death ultimately drift. All manners of death. It's not the Erd Tree, it's this place,
it's also the Erd Tree. It's just, you know, it's sort of, it's all around. Oopsie. It did it again.
I was talking to someone about Dark Souls and I was like, oh, I like those games. I, uh,
I don't think they're as coherent as some people kind of try to make them, which I'm fine with. I feel
like these games are kind of more about the vibes and I understand there's a tunnel lore. I just think
it's sort of vague lore. And I was like, in this game, I don't think, like in Elder and Ring, I
don't really think death makes much sense. Like, I get that it's a central theme, but it's logistically,
I just don't feel like it's ever really explained. Super-duper how it works, or it seems at least
really inconsistent. And they're like, no, it makes perfect sense. Like, oh, it does? Then they
couldn't explain to me how it made perfect sense, but they assured me that it made perfect sense.
Matt Liddell, good to see ya. Oh my God, so many bears. Too many bears. What the heck?
Oh my gosh. This looks like a special bear. I feel like I have to kill it.
Maybe this bear ate its gadoo fragment. Look what it did do it. Oh no, he's noticed me.
You're a frickin' redon bear. Oh, he's a full boss bear. Oh, okay, he got me that time.
Lucky first try on his part.
The shattering their skadoo-based worldview. I didn't. They had extreme faith in the
skadoo they believe in. That's what happens to a puffy bear if it eats a skadoo fragment.
What is the mechanism for death slash respawning? I think it's a little less clear than it is in
Dark Souls, but in the base game, the impression I got is you're like rebirthed by grace, basically.
Some people do die and they're like return to the Erd tree, but then they're kind of reborn.
Sometimes with their memories, sometimes not with their memories. I don't know. That's what
I mean. To me, it always felt kind of vague. Like, you know, they just, they rebirthed
spoilers, but I think they rebirthed redon at the end of this. But they need like a body to do it.
They have to go here. I don't know. To me, it's a little tiny, whiny and vague. Oh, Jesus.
Ignored my other guy. We got a heal. All right, this seems like the kind of boss where I want to.
If my guy will ever distract him. Yeah, yeah. Pay attention to him. The great unburdened bear.
Ragoola, R-R-Rugelia. Come on, dude. Distract him so I can shoot him with stuff.
You have failed your mission, Mimic Tier. Geez, that does a lot of damage.
Yeah, because the grace is rebirthed and something like that. Geez.
Oh, I gotta figure out how to dodge that. Maybe just jump it. Oh! Mimic Tier, do anything, man.
I hit the wrong button like three times in a row. No! Well, I finally poisoned them.
Yeah, I thought Erdtree was also siphoning souls from itself,
fucking up the natural cycle, America banished us in death and had huge consequences.
Yeah, I think for me it's like, I kind of picked up that like you could see grace,
so you're getting reborn. Although other characters that are seemingly also tarnished,
I guess they just can't see grace anymore, so when you kill them it's permanent.
But like when Godfrey gets sent back, the first Elven Lord seemingly it would be grace that
would have revived him because he was supposed to be dead, but when you kill him it feels like
he's permadead, but you never are. And then also like you're still getting reborn.
Other things aren't despite death and death being banished. I don't,
even as I explain it, it's like there's just a lot of different versions of, well I think I don't
explain it, but as I safe raises from the games, it's like there's a lot of different
like death versions. I just, I find it a little confusing and not entirely clear,
but I do think that's fine. I don't think it's necessarily intended to be very clear.
Okay, I'm gonna start with one of these. Do you have any interest in my Mimic Tier by any chance?
Oh my god. Oh he does, great.
He doesn't. I pissed him off somehow. There we go. Holy shit, he's just chomping on my Mimic Tier.
Okay, he's gotta be poisoned, right? Oh Jesus Christ!
Ugh. Quick through the honeypot. Bosons. That's right, I'm not factoring in the bosons.
For me and probably just because it was just the first game, I enjoyed the uh,
well it wasn't technically the first souls-ish game, but the first Dark Souls game is still my
favorite for all the lore theorizing, but I think my favorite favorite game just looks and vibe-wise
is definitely the base game of this game. And then there's also Bloodborne. Actually maybe
Bloodborne is my favorite uh, Grumpsoft game, though I haven't played it in quite a while. Uh-oh.
America's Binding Grace was just another tool she was using. You can find the item Iris of
Grace and the item Iris of Accolation, which have importance lore to them. You can also get
different rewards depending what NPC you give them. I believe it. I believe in the lore. What's up man?
Ow. Okay you got me, that was pretty good. Oh you're doing your job then Mimic Tier.
You're crushing it. Great work. Ow. Oh I'm still alive somehow. Get confused by the map, please!
Ow. Oh my god. This bear is kicking my ass. Also jeez I have not been doing my death counter at all.
We are one with the lore. We gotta find the right card. We can find the lore card. We become one
with the lore and one with the cards. Yeah we are not giving all the pieces. I think um,
towards the end of Elden Ring I had more of a sense than in maybe some of the other, you know
it's particularly Dark Souls 3 actually way more than Elden Ring. It felt less like we were even
being given pieces to interpret and more like it was just sort of a hodgepodge of things they
kind of want. Just enemies they were interested in making with interesting vibes to them.
Or I guess I'd say in Dark Souls 3 I was kind of losing the uh, losing some of the world building
atmosphere for me. And I think this game actually did a better job than Dark Souls 3.
The lore lord. Yeah I also quite enjoy Bloodborne's uh, at least implied story. I mean you gotta
love any game where you end up just being a squid. At least I do. It's required that I love that.
I did not hit him at all. Look at this man. He doesn't give a shit about that breath. No,
don't pay attention to me. Come on you know you want to let me heal. Thank you.
I was hoping you'd take fall damage or something weird.
Oh that hurts me so much.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I just don't look uh, don't like looking at loading screens to figure out
what's going on in the game. Yeah. The no skill box? I mean the no skill box is um,
just spamming your breath but it's not working so maybe I have to try to just cut this thing up.
Maybe I gotta try to get in there a little bit more. I think a little vagueness and fantasy can
be good. Alright we're gonna try to be brave this time. What the? Not you. I don't want to
fight two bears at once. Uh oh there's a bunch of bears. Somebody got chomped up here.
What just happened? Oh god I'm a dead man. It's brother bear. Fight your friend.
They're kind of fighting each other. Um it's actually not a plugin it's just streamerbot.
You can use streamerbot to set up all sorts of custom stuff. Basically if you use stream deck plus
streambot you can create a lot of buttons that tick up counters. If I was really crafty I could
probably make it automatic. If I set up something that was taking in dark souls data it could just
do it automatically which I some streamers do have. Instead I do it uh manually and forget
all the time. Whenever I forget I just spam the button like eight times. But yeah streamerbot is
for someone that's a little too obsessed with graphics and overlays like me uh is a good
program for streamers. It's a little ugly. The UI is not terribly appealing looking.
But it can do a lot of things. Yeah my stream decks are a little, they've been slowly getting
optimized. They're a little confusing but there's a lot of stuff on them at least for sure. Okay well
whose armor did I just randomly get? Traditional garb of the Highland Warriors made from woven
fabric. Red pattern fabrics are allowed only to those who hunted bears. The greatest and
most glorious of the Highlanders. Highland Warriors are known to be hunters of bears.
They like to subjugate savage beasts. Okay well maybe I gotta wear one of these
Highlander outfits. Well you gotta go hard. I do have three stream decks technically I have four
but I only use three. I have one on either side and then I have a little one that I don't really
use. I just had it from uh well I originally I just had one. I just had one of the 15 button ones
and then I was like shit I have to cycle through so many pages because I've made too many scenes.
Um so I'll get a big one so then I got a big one and then I was like you know if I had a second
big one it would make this the easiest. So then I saw the original one. Ooh a knock at the door.
Yeah I mean a stream deck is basically like a switcher but you know for streamers.
In some ways OBS is like more customizable than some of the professional software I've worked with.
My neighbor comes up to the camera, breathes on it and you know I'm dead. But some of the stuff
with stream decks and OBS requires a fair amount of retrofitting to do things that would be
easier on like traditional broadcasting software. It's always a give and take but I quite like
stream decks and I think Streamerbot takes care of a lot of a lot of the things I find
harder about them to use and a lot of things about OBS that are a little janky. If I was doing a um
oh you know what I could fight this thing on my horse. If I was doing a less silly you know
character based stream. There we go. You could for most streams you would only ever need one stream deck.
Because for most streams you honestly especially if you're playing a game you're not really
switching scenes like if I'm playing Dark Souls I absolutely don't need three stream decks. I
would say for my the way I do my current streams on the news thing I actually kind of do need to
just to keep it straight in my head what I'm even doing. Uh oh I'm off to a bad start.
Okay maybe this is why he's kicking my ass so hard. He's intended to be fought on a bear.
I mean on a on a horse. No. You're smart. You're too smart for me bear. Shit.
I hit jump but I guess I didn't. Wow. Spooky. We're doing the heels. He's a dead bear.
Wow that was way easier on a horse. The horse made him not a problem at all. Roar of Rugalia.
Huzzah. I wonder what that does. Channel's great red bear to emit furious roar. Oh it's a it's a faith based
incantation. An incantation of what was jokingly called the bear communion.
Jokingly by who? They tell jokes in this world? That's so surprising to hear that anyone in this
world has ever told a joke. Channels the power of Rugalia the great red bear transforms oneself
into a great red bear and emits a mighty roar changing increases charging increases potency.
Oh I do have the charging charm. The bear community in Elden Ring. The loop deck looks good with
all different kinds of inputs for different actions but their software isn't as well integrated
with others. Yeah the stream deck has a million users so there's like a ton of plugins and just
integrations. An incantation that is more akin to the divine indication of the horn scent than it
is to the dragon communion only through desperate battle with the feral wild can discover a god
unique to oneself. Oh so the story here is these bear guys just fought bears until they discovered
the bear god. They committed so hard to being bears that the bear became their god.
Just some bears in the woods doing bear things. That's the kind of dark source dark soul story I
love. So this whole area was kind of about that bear. About that bear life. I wonder how I get up here.
That's true Patches tell Patches laughs. There's a lot of characters that laugh.
They're usually not laughing at anything that makes a ton of sense. They're usually more like
everyone's dead now.
Like oh okay. I know we've all been waiting for that bear lore and this is the area for it.
This is a bear dedicated area. I'm just running around the edges here to see if there's anything.
Let's see other software people sometimes use vmix or something.
Is that what live in Sleezers was just talking about? Something mix. Getting the name. Catch my
bearing. The bearings keep catching me and murdering me. Oh good a knight.
One of those knights I love to fight. How far away am I from a sight of grace? Oh I'm literally next to
The Bears. Vmix is the loop deck one.
It's one I've seen but I haven't used but I know a lot of I don't know larger scale productions
use it. I guess I could switch to Vmix. Yeah it's streamer.bot is the one I use. There's a number of
I think similar softwares. I could look into Vmix. I mean if I switched streaming softwares I'd
have to redo so much work that maybe I'll save it for if I ever just change the type of stream I'm
doing to something else. Also I'm not okay. My force attacks were not effective. Get dead.
Yeah stream decks are very streamlined. You could probably use a stream deck with I mean you
can use stream decks for whatever. I mean I use it for editing too. You can basically just use
it as a set of locked hotkeys which is essentially all it is. It's just like a way to hotkey things
not on your keyboard. You can also technically like make it do processes by stacking buttons with a
multi-action but that's kind of where streamer.bot comes in. I think it handles that stuff
quite a bit better than. Oh god I think it handles that stuff quite a bit better than
stream decks. Also it's confusing to talk about this stuff because fire, serpent, sprite stone
still confusing to talk about some of these programs because they all have the word stream in them.
Yeah it also was very smart in my opinion that they made you know they made it easy to make
your stream deck look fun. Like you can make all your buttons animated if you like or you know
it's very easy to customize. For instance almost every button on my stream deck has a picture
that's intended to remind me of what the button does just because I've made so many scenes.
Whoa I died again. Just imagine streaming a wedding and getting live packs.
Weddings are always stressful to work with or work on because
it's so personal and important to the client that there's a sense that if something goes wrong it will
do like permanent emotional damage to them. Even if the stakes are technically less higher than they
are less high than they are in like a a bigger commercial production or whatever. A few times I
interact. Well there goes all those ruins but it doesn't really matter we don't honestly need
to level up much more. I don't know where to go. And once again Adelos and I think I want to get up
here but I have no idea how. Oh yeah I think we died three times. Whoa zoomed out I always zoomed in.
Dude they are they're over here just permagooning. Do I need to enter this part from over here?
I'm like do I need to go this way? What is this area called? The case OBS 101 class?
We can do it. We can do it. I could show you some OBS things uh something one of these days.
I don't think really showing you OBS stuff um reveals any vital information for me so
I think it's safe too. If anybody's curious about Streamerbot just while I'm thinking about it
let's see. Yeah this is fine to show you. Um see my gaming setup is way less setup
than my news thing. Uh what the fuck? That's so where I made it. Oh there it is.
Anyway this is Streamerbot. Like I said it's not the prettiest program but basically you set up a
ton of actions so like this is the call-in show stuff so technically when the show starts I have
a I have a thing called pre-show video countdown. Sorry this is all very technical it's going to be
pretty boring unless you actively care for some reason but you are not required to. Anyway it just
has all these actions set up for when I do it so if you watch the cast some call-in show
um I have it like set on the pre-stream where it's just two little TVs
and then when I hit this button it just activates like the starting movie which is
just that little thing I made where it kind of zooms around the TVs which is about 30 seconds long
so then after 30 seconds it hides a bunch of assets that I use for the pre-stream
so that they don't lag the stream we had issues with last time when we crashed
um and then it switches to and then it just auto switches basically to like the main scene
so you know that's not necessary you could do all of that with buttons
or you could even leave all the assets open or you also don't need a pre-stream video you could
just start your stream but that's basically a way for me to not have to like stress about it every
time I can just hit one button and it does all the all the pre-show stuff that I want to have happen
and it seems to work sometimes I forget that I pre-planned all those things and I hit the
I hit a button I don't need to but as long as I remember not to fuck with it it'll just
do everything for me so that is the program didn't cause the issue yesterday I think my graphics card
overheated um because during the show uh on OBS you can use studio mode if you used OBS you might
be familiar with um so I was using studio studio mode to try to fix the thing that I noticed
was wrong in a different asset that I was considering switching to and I think because I'm using a
thing to auto green screen cast them that's like it's not the most graphics intensive thing but I
think when you double it it is so I think because I doubled it technically in studio mode it's outputting
two video feeds one that chat can see that the viewers can see and one that I can see I think
that overloaded the um I think that overloaded the stream a little bit so basically I just need to
not do that yeah preview and live streamer bot requires very few system resources it's just like a
checklist basically dude I'm I don't even know where I was going I literally have no idea where to go
I just want to get up here oh I am up here no wait am I it seems to suggest that I'm already up here
but I submit that I am not I guess okay I'm below this ridge what other areas I guess down here I also
need to get fight mesmer I guess I can just go fight mesmer yeah I mean I have a warp right to his
throne room screw it let's go fight mesmer that's the thing to do dark chamber entrance that sounds
about right assuming I remember not to hit the wrong button
yeah south of the map has two huge areas oh that's nice look I'm just right here
well I guess let's get our ass absolutely handed to us hello mesmore oopsie
I hit the wrong button immediately he just lights his lantern gets stabbed to death
I guess that technically was a two-shot that's a preview of things to come
held in pro all right we're spamming mimicked here I'm not afraid to use the summon
whoa okay that's fun he explodes bring it oh my god he's got a freaking Naruto Naruto moveset
we did better that time though we did slightly better yeah I gotta pay attention to his actual moves
come on mimic buddy take half my life I don't need it one of these days I'll remember to dodge that
all right you oh geez see that one coming you're doing great work mimicked here
hey we've second phased him gah okay just don't do anything weird sir
he's gonna do something weird I like how he's so suppressed that he's cursed to live in a realm
that looks basically the same as where he's from it's like a guy in Vermont being like I've got to move
to Maine no he's got some green on that eye he did do something weird that's pretty metal as far as I
know that's was some kind of seal his mom placed on him too I guess keep this snake inside of him
when you give birth to a snake kid sometimes you gotta give him a magic eye to keep the snake
inside him but I think it's not the flame of the the chaos stuff now be taken oh he's got a snake
living in his eye a little wild what you were doing there man getting a little wild oh well I didn't
do as well in the second phase but yeah can I summon someone in this fight sometimes there's
summoning signals in fights sir holy shit he's been training that's why he's got that
wiry body let's run around and look for it there it is come on man listen up jack
we're probably gonna die this time oh okay you'll never guess what's happening I'm hitting a instead
of b just kill me all right here's the new plan I summon the mimic deer then I summon that guy
or wait maybe have to do that in the opposite order I don't know if it stops me from summoning
that guy if I've summoned the mimic deer but I will I'll use all the help I can get I will cheese the
shit out of this guy either order okay oh I dodged but I did not stop it mesmore it's so
fucking lame that they have it set on no like if they just made it so you could hit y and then a
but you have to hit y and over on a different it's I mean I'm whining obviously but I just it's just
a little extra slap in the face that the summons are auto set to no okay just summon this bitch okay there
we go
yeah let's give him way more life we deal percentage damage we don't care
whoa that's a long attack oh and then whoa I did not expect that to hurt me that much
I guess I make him a lot stronger when I summon that guy can you customize the buttons
maybe I should switch I should switch them if I can
can I switch a and b will my brain then be like no I was trying to get used to the other thing
uh no you can only customize select things it would appear oh wait no here we go
button settings okay make you
is that easier on my brain I think it is just have to remember to hit a to roll
and beat a jump this might fuck me up terribly or it'll make me way better at this game
see it going either way okay I'm just gonna fight him without the guy because I think that guy what the
he's gonna find him without that guy that's what I was trying to say before I confuse the
shit out of myself for no reason I'm doing great mimics here everyone's impressed we love you
stop it oh
oh you made me to summon him for the story okay we'll do that then we're getting a little stomped by
this guy I need to really not miss that first roll oh it doesn't cause the extra stat gain so I'm just
this just was a convenient excuse yeah dodging would be ideal not like I hit it that second
don't do it mess more
no it's going way worse suddenly
yeah yeah you gotta roll through the first thing and then roll away from the second thing
my brain knows but my hands are like there we go oh at least that's a cool way to die
you deal with them horn sent when I wake up I expect him to be dead
maybe we leave this little snake in his cage that's true that is an option I could just leave him alone
honestly seems like a pretty fair option we love to roll the real challenge here is just
summoning this fucking guy here we go he's been summoned
dude look at my poison boy a little poisoned here going ham on the poisons sometimes I
just have to be a man of science well science our way to the second day
okay we saw this though we get it we get it you weirdo no re-aim
I might have missed okay maybe this time we'll get him hey don't become a snake please I don't
know if I did anything what's he doing oh he's kicking my ass it's so much going on
yeah I actually don't mind this I mean I'm mostly losing to him because I'm uh
just dodging it's totally wrong times I think I I think I was gonna fight him with a sword I don't
the dragon stuff well the laser eyes work with the breath is not it's not quite doing it for me
okay are you still into me that went better than
vengeance for the flames yeah second phase okay now he's got a little bit crazy snake shit
whoa boom get stabbed on baby wow well I didn't do that much but he died the secret was roll a lot
oh he cursed his mom the ultimate incel death mommy curse you mommy
pain all that they felt do you understand now your ugliness
I don't think she can hear you dude she's a stone lady now
a tamtran thank you so much in honor of that mesmerizing fight uh sincerely thank you boom
boom goes goes the five drop from the from the tamtrain of love what's going on here
oh shit I'm the sage of the six paths I've done it this is the ultimate way to finish off a Naruto
style boss fight with teleportation moves because you get the you get the six balls going on
honestly the character design on Naruto has gotten worse over the years this is how he looks now
uh thank you again tamtran too kind it only took us well I think I missed the death too
we also just became friends best friends well damn I have a meeting in 20 minutes that seems like it's
got to be a good stopping point it's a quick little elden stream I guess we're not that far from beating
the dlc I think there's two more big areas maybe there's three because I didn't get up on that cliff
so maybe if I play this again on like Friday or something um oh he's right here
maybe play it again on like Friday or something we can get real close to the end
yeah you know one of these days we can run through the whole uh we could show you the
the news setup show everybody the news setup because it's a bit voluminous at this point
what's up
dude
there's two more in the shadow keep
what are you looking at man
well that's a good sign
the death of mesmer was merely the start all right how comes the piper to collect from marica
her offspring and all the earth trees denizens vengeance for the flames my blade I wield
if michaels redemption soothes the ache that throbs within demanding yeah this guy loves
die mountain dew and I wish not to be by him retained well it's a it's a dark souls game you
gotta whisper when this area that was flooded and you drain the others up a tower one of the top
of the tower is my top five least favorite some fight from site fight bosses ever well that's exciting
to hear yeah I think I gotta get seems like I should be able to get over here one way or another
this whole area was was slightly annoying me I'll be honest
oh Kendall's calling me okay let's raid somebody and then we'll call Kendall back
this guy's gonna be the one to say I was sick all right we're gonna say we did it
we're gonna say we freaking did it and we changed the um controls around in a way that might make
my brain hurt a little less hmm put our spooky music back on yeah there we go all right who's on right
now it's castamania we have a wild castam yet we don't but we do have a wild gnomie pro
I'll send you gnomies way thank you dawn thanks for hanging out a nice relax so weird not to scream
at alder and like not yelling a stream not yelling a bunch of voices is what it's like to be saying
probably not anyway have fun with gnomie pro it's a um classic elden raid it's a case raid
it's just a normal old case raid I'll say hi to the wood for you for sure checking with jeb
make sure his woods doing okay I should be back on tomorrow at some point and until then
have fun with gnomie pro check out castam later we'll talk to y'all later have a good one