I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Because I'm a you and I'm a-
Good to see you all.
Kendall, you wanna say hi?
Kendall's walking by.
Kendall wants to say hi.
Kendall really wants to say hi.
That's Kendall saying hi.
Her back hurts.
So, thoughts and prayers with Kendall's back as always.
Add it to your morning- morning evening, midday, secondary midday,
and pre-sleep and post-sleep and mid-sleep prayers.
Am I being taken advantage of?
I think it's always a safe bet if someone asks you that to just say yes.
Just be like, yeah.
You don't need the details.
Good to see everybody propaganda, Lady Citrix, Eldrick.
Get the woman a cat?
I'd love to.
I would love to move also.
That was sort of the plan.
But I literally just got a text saying that there's no update on the apartment for me.
So, we've sort of been in a holding position as you might have noticed for a year?
A year?
I'm not blaming you.
I'm just saying it's been a year.
Susan 2024, someday we will move.
Oh my God.
Look at all the things happening.
I love how they all happen all at the same time.
It's a hype train, everybody.
In case you couldn't tell.
Thanks.
Yo, Papito, you're so quiet.
Why is Papito so quiet?
I don't know why Papito's being such a little quiet guy.
I might have muted my alert for something.
But just know Papito's still very excited for all the cheese, as am I.
Holy hell.
It's going.
Papito, why, Papito, speak up, buddy.
What happened to Papito's voice?
Papito, are you okay?
You're not Papito.
You're the fucking hype train.
Papito's fine.
He's being quiet.
Thank you all for the subs and bits.
They're coming in nice and thick today.
That's my certain trains like to see.
What the absolute?
That's absolutely crazy.
Yeah, that's a hefty amount of subs coming in.
Huge shout out to as I failed to load my alerts manager.
Thank you so much to Tam Tran for the 10 community subs.
Papito found his voice.
Thank you for the 10 community subs, Tam Tran.
That's crazy.
Apple to Apple.
Thank you for the 100 bits.
Thank you, Mighty Oz, for the 100.
Thank you, Skymer, for the 100.
Thank you for looping up the chat.
It's important to do early in the stream.
You always want to use a little bit of lube right off the jump when you're streaming.
Propaganda, thank you for the 21 months.
I think we're in the two years territory of how long I've been screaming, which is crazy.
Super Beast, thank you for the 20 months.
The Mighty Oz.
I guess I missed it yesterday.
Thank you for the prime.
And Apple to Apple, thank you again for the lotion.
And Tam Tran, thank you for being an absolute legend.
The legend of the train.
A train runs with game.
Know that case?
Yes, I did know that hype train.
This hype train's popped off to an unusually high level early on in the stream today.
It's not that unusual.
People love starting a stream with a train.
It's the number one way to do the news case.
You want to start with a little bit of train.
Yeah.
Okay, well, you're only alive for another two minutes.
Well, I know what I could do for two minutes.
I know the kind of thing that I like to do for two minutes.
What's that hype train?
Find a Bugs Bunny beat.
Bugs Bunny trap beat.
You know how you know what I like.
Look at this Bugs Bunny.
This Bugs Bunny's doing drugs.
Or he just found a little yellow sweet tart with a smiley face on it on the ground.
Didn't answer anything hype train.
I like to talk about with a little bit of consciousness.
I get when I'm powered by height before I go to hell case.
Don't judge my lifestyle.
This is a weird lifestyle hype train.
I'm a talking train powered by height that lives in hell.
What do you want from me?
I honestly don't know.
I don't know what I want from you hype train.
After a fucks let a man, Bugs Bunny and Daffy.
They all gave birth to a baby in the back of my truck.
That baby's name was Slender Duck's buddy name.
And he grew up really thin with some big head duck.
He ever said.
Anyway, there's news probably to get to.
It's a new stream.
Don't let the golden jacket or the train that wraps about fucking Bugs Bunny, Slender Man and Daffy Duck.
Throw you off.
Mostly we do the we do the news here.
So let's do a little bit of that.
We'll see what the news is.
Okay, well, let's get over there.
Yeah, I thought that hype train had died case taking over the airwaves.
Be careful.
He kind of has a little residuals sometimes.
He had a strong enough session.
And to daddy.
Thank you so much for gifting the sub to Melody Vaughn torture.
Truly one of the ultimate sub daddies.
And I know a thing or two about daddies.
I sort of am one.
Oh, you're a daddy.
I mean to various men, a daddy to men.
I like to think of myself as a daddy to man.
That's beautiful.
The other it takes a father lady to raise a child to raise a village of billionaires.
Never heard that.
Well, you're not operating the same circles as me.
Good to see you case.
What's going on in the world today?
What's the news for which you've summoned me?
There's no more debates.
A happy birthday.
MvT.
Oh, it's Melody Vaughn torture's birthday.
I saw sorry for missing that.
Very exciting.
I didn't even know.
Well, now we know happy birthday Melody Vaughn torture.
I don't have a birthday graphic, but this feels kind of like birthday colors.
We've got to get a happy birthday graphic case.
You never could be a birthday every day.
There's only like a hundred or so people watching.
I don't think they could all have a birthday every day.
They could have a birthday.
You could have more than one birthday.
There's a day you're born and there's a day you're born.
Okay.
Anyway, no more debates.
We've been bad.
We don't deserve anymore.
And everybody's favorite guy.
Or least favorite.
Which is it?
Uh, depends who you're talking to.
Not my favorite.
Okay.
Not case's favorite guy says no more debates for you.
You've got all you can handle.
You've had too many sweets.
Mmm.
Everyone has a gold jacket.
It's like the 20th century 21 in here.
I did actually order a secondary jacket.
Are you insane?
Well, this jacket doesn't breathe.
It's really ugly.
And I don't feel like I can't.
I don't know how to wash it.
The tag isn't clear at all.
It feels like it will dissolve onto my other clothes.
If I wash it, you count.
This is the jacket of the people.
I'm not getting rid of this jacket.
I might just for breeze.
That's acceptable.
That's how that's how a lot of the elites in this country wash every
part of them.
They just walk into a room and several servants come out.
They put their arms up yet like that and they just get for
breeze.
They said bring it on servants.
You ever seen an you must have never watched, you know, an
episode of Real Housewives.
I think that's how they do it on that show.
Yes, the elites of this nation as represented by the show
Real Housewives.
I'm pretty sure that's how they bathe.
You have a lot of servants, but I don't think that's
what they're doing.
You got to flip it inside out and wear it like that every
other day so the inside can air out.
That's because that an air wash case.
You let the sort of particles of your of the studio take
over for you and it cleans it.
Well, look, I promise the other jacket I ordered is also
really stupid and pretty ugly.
All right, we'll be the judge of that, but it's just
it's washable.
Let's see other one looks more washable.
This one can be washed.
Just have to put a little elbow grease in.
You've got to grease up your elbow and rub the jacket
with it.
How swampy will the pants make you?
The pants leave no room for breathing.
Why has the pants so tight?
You know, I spend too much time sitting.
Maybe that's why.
Oh, you got that thick ball.
Tom.
I mean, even if I were thin, I got some thick legs.
Oh, it's the so called what's box Bonnie doing?
It's just so called thick legs.
Okay, is that a little sick?
Some Windex and paper towels and elbow grease and
that will shine like it's brand new.
I agree.
Only case is holding up progress here.
Cemetery streamer lifestyle legs.
Yeah, exactly.
They get thick and some for some reason really muscley
from sitting that house.
That works.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, anyway, no more debates.
Stop debating this and don't karate chop me.
Democratic presidential nominee US Vice President
Kamala Harris speaks during a presidential debate
hosted by ABC.
Oh, that's the picture.
Okay.
There will not be a third debate.
The former president wrote on social media side.
Truth social.
Well, let's go straight to the source.
Let's go.
Let's go bravely to Trump's truth social to read what he
had to say.
This is what news stories are nowadays.
By the way, they're just a roundabout way to get you to
go to Donald Trump's truth social.
Let's see what sort of great stuff the president former
president.
I think they seem like you.
I think you call former presidents just Mr. President.
Anyway, I don't know what the what's considered polite when
referring to presidents.
How about the dumpy president?
That could be a bunch of them.
How about dump president?
It does rhyme with Trump, but I don't know.
We could think of something better probably.
Well, anyway, when a prize fighter loses a fight, the first
words out of his mouth are I want to rematch.
Post clearly show let's zoom in a little bit here.
Post clearly show that I won the debate against comrade
Kamala Harris, the Democrats radical left candidate.
Let's get a soaring music going here because he's declaring
victory.
And she immediately called for a second debate.
She and crooked Joe have destroyed our country.
Shit.
Where are we living even?
It's out of ruin today.
With millions of criminals and mentally deranged people
pouring into the USA totally unchecked and on
that it sounds like a party.
I wish it was like this.
And with inflation bankrupting them our middle class.
Everyone knows this behind the time and all of the other
people caused by Kamala and Joe are the other property
and all the other problems caused by Kamala and Joe.
It was discussed in great detail during the first debate
with Joe.
I am the second debate with comrade Harris.
She was a no show at the Forks debate and refused to
do NBC and CBS.
But she only refused to do Fox.
Kamala should focus on what she should have done during
the last almost four year period.
Kamala should focus on what she should have done during
the last almost four year period.
That is weird sense.
There will be a third debate.
That is the most triumphant or running away.
I've ever seen.
Yeah, he's really he's really bigging himself up for saying.
That is some straight up wrestling heel psychology there.
You people don't deserve a third debate.
The champion will defend this belt on his own terms
and you don't deserve this.
What wrestler is that?
The bearded weird JD Van's looking guy.
The wrestler that is not a good wrestling name.
You've got to come up with something bad to kiss.
It's called me to appreciate the random capital letter
placement.
I agree.
He gets a crescendo.
It's the music of his voice translated into text.
Can only be represented by you hit cap locks to type NBC and
CBS and then you like fuck it.
Keep the caps lock on.
That's smart and then you don't have to hit an extra button.
He's just conserving his energy.
You still want to hear my thoughts on chaos.
I also really enjoyed it.
I kind of like this setup more than the payoff without
spoiling anything like a lot of.
Fantasy and sci-fi shows that have kind of a.
World affecting like mass world affecting plotline.
I find when you have to kind of explain the mysteries they
tend to usually become a little less exciting.
But I still think like I did not expect I didn't know
anything about it.
We just clicked on it because we like Jeff Goldblum and I was
very pleasantly surprised overall with the show.
Yeah way better than I was expecting.
River Wolf because I've known some great gods and.
Usually they're just kind of annoying.
I just want you to rub them with olive oil.
Okay that sounds vaguely.
I guess racist isn't the white word but.
Linofobic I'm just telling you what I like.
They like olive oil all over them.
Why did you know Greek gods that just they're still around
they're still amongst us and some of them like to be sort
of.
Dominated.
All right.
But yeah I would recommend it.
Zeus Zeus Goldblum is pretty great.
It's better than the Zeus we got in a.
The Thor movie.
Which Jeff Goldblum was in the first one of those I guess.
You miss Ken Shamrock Johnson.
He could always make another appearance.
Wherever there's a green vest.
There's a Shamrock Johnson.
We are still talking about them exactly as long as we
believe in the in the God's case they maintain power.
Those are the fictional rules of many a Greek God.
Well anyway no third debate is this story have anything
else for us.
Can we just look at this bugged Bonnie picture instead.
I guess we'll read this the debate attracted 67.1 million
television viewers at many on TV.
I wonder how many that if you included that plus all the
people watching it on streaming.
Maybe it's actually like over a hundred million hundreds of
millions of people watching.
That's exciting.
That commands our national attention those particularly
Trump and some of the things he said.
Oh boy.
Harris speaking at a rally shortly after Trump's post said
I believe we owe it to the voters to have another debate.
She's got a couple of good reasons to want another one namely
how the last one went while Trump said in his post the polls
showed he won the debate several surveys show that respondents
thought Harris did better among voters who said they had heard
at least something about Tuesday's might.
53% said Harris won and 24% said Trump won only 53.
It is amazing to me that if you could somehow get an
accurate poll on a hundred percent of people who watch
that that all the only a little over half would think
Harris won if you can win a debate.
23% said much one that makes sense.
I mean he's always going to carry a strong 23% also case
trying to avoid spoilers but I think Dionysus is going to
and then I won't say the rest.
I won't even say the active verb in that.
Yeah I wonder if we will get a season 2 I haven't heard
that much about the chaos show but I would be happy to see
it get a season 2 I thought I thought it was a strong start
a total CFH great to see you hello to you on the e the poll
show that 54% of registered voters believe that the single
debate between Trump and Hasmals enough.
I actually would agree I don't think I need to see more
but I do wonder who these debates are for but I guess
I've actually encountered very few people that would
describe themselves as like a independent voter in the
sense that they're waiting until the last month to make
up their mind but apparently those people exist and they
exist largely in Pennsylvania and Arizona in such places
coincidentally a majority of debate watchers that Harris
outperformed Trump.
Yeah yeah okay the writers daily briefing and then that's
an ad for Reuters so sounds like Trump's doing okay you
know he's taking a mental health break to focus on how
well he thinks he did.
Yeah.
I do want to see the VP debate.
But I know most.
Hmm well I would almost want to see them do like chess a
chess boxing style debate chess debate box debating or
chess debating I'll take either they just kind of have a
they have a supplemental act activity between their debates
I think that would be good a skiing debate why that
because it's just downhill it's high stakes or a
skateboarding debate.
The both candidates have to try to learn how to do an
ollie between answering debate questions.
Trump Vance vs. Harris Waltz tag team to fight who that would
be exciting.
Yeah the the former president was appearing on this stream
to say that he wanted to tag in but you don't want to see
you want don't want to see a person shester bait.
I want to see them chest of ice.
I don't know chest of bite I would watch.
I watch a chest of bait and go to bite between.
Well they have to do something with their chest they've
got to oil up their chests and answer debate questions.
Speaking of the Greek gods we need to make this more like
the classic Olympics everyone debates in the nude.
Oh God that that would give you a real rating spike at the
top of the debate and then I think it's a steep falloff
from there.
Yeah no podiums they got to hold the mics totally in the
nude.
We need to do more ritualistic humiliation of our
presidential candidates to make sure that they really
want it.
I mean I feel like we're already doing some based on just
how much of like a baby talk fest these debates are but yeah
we could go worse.
Cheddar bait would be Chet's porn name or his porn site.
So anyway the Republicans are doing great.
I guess in other debate fallout knows fallout 2024
somehow this a performance of Trump has led to a schism.
In the weird looking lady department of the Republican of
the Republican you know party.
I think the word party more or less.
Marjorie Taylor Greene and Laura Luma and in case you're
wondering I keep seeing pictures of Laura Luma and I'm
like does she really look like that.
But I guess the answer is maybe.
Okay she doesn't look quite as I've seen some really scary
pictures of her but this is Laura Luma.
Well I mostly know forgetting banned from every social media
app even like Dordash.
Yeah I mostly know her as the conservative pundit that like
managed to get banned from Uber eats and Uber and Twitter
and like every app you can think of you really do have to
be next level to get banned from Uber eats.
What how did she even do it she was banned in the
discord.
Yeah but just go ahead and preemptively ban her.
She's proven to be untrustworthy.
Anyway she's your kind of stalking barrel to lock stalking
to smoke and Luma's kind of a conservative.
She doesn't like trans people she hates immigrants the usual
seemingly making her a natural ally of Laura Luma but
apparently there's beef this fair this house is divided
against itself as Laura Luma tweeted once again my
retailer Green was extremely jealous and vindictive over
the fact that she wasn't successful in turning Donald
Trump against me is now behaving like a leftist and
accusing me the great lower Luma of being rossist.
Well Jeff builds a base gifted a tier one sub to Laura Luma.
She's been unbanned from your channel case Laura this is
the one place you can come to speak your truth and
I'm giving you the I'm giving you the Lily on the
invite both on a start with.
I don't know if I want Laura Luma in here you're
gonna want Laura Luma in here after you hear some of
the cool things she has to say anyway come on here is
is on video calling herself Indian and saying she
cooks with curry.
I did not realize that that first paragraph was
headed there.
Of what.
This is somehow an argument she's making to defend
herself against accusations of racism.
She's called me racist side note come on Harris is
on video calling herself Indian and saying she cooks
with curry.
Anyway she also refuses to speak to media so there's
a strong likelihood that she would set up a concert
to avoid speaking to the press and being honest
with the American people.
Hey Marjorie Taylor Greene speaking of racism one of
your former staff has told me you have a favorite
word that starts with and.
Is it a near is that how she is that how she
sort of shaves the upper mustache spreads a
little narrow on there.
No I think you've got three of the letters in there
with near but you're missing a couple others.
Okay what if the staff or has a video so she's
saying I'll drop this is this leaked and word video
on you and then I think this is okay this is still her
going in on Marjorie Taylor Greene it's rather
ironic that MTG wants to call me a racist when
Miss Greene is a full blown anti-Semite all camps
who believes the Jewish people use space lasers to
control the world along with being an anti-Semite
Marjorie Taylor Greene is also a poor excuse for
Christian her marriage failed.
Oh damn she's going in.
A marriage failed because she couldn't keep her
legs close to Jesus while she was a new member
of Congress and was too busy screwing some guy
from her CrossFit Jesus.
These are the kind of letters that Sheldon Adelson
used to pay me to write to him.
She is not representative of the GOP or what it
means to be America first.
Nobody talks about her anymore because she's
annoying and irrelevant and a sellout.
Hey Marjorie Taylor Greene how come you weren't
at the debate guess you gave up on Trump when
he gave up on your boyfriend.
Speaker McCarthy.
I don't know this is a whole universe of
characters.
I mean I know who they are.
I just didn't realize that they were like dating
and there's all this intrigue.
This is sort of exciting.
Don't talk about representing Donald Trump when
you paid for the yee.
The yee.
She paid for the what Kanye stuff.
I don't get cat.
I mean it's I don't want to disrespect cats.
According to Republicans are already under
enough threats but yeah cats are the cat
claws are at least out.
Jesus.
Okay here we go sorry.
There was about Kanye West.
Don't talk about representing Donald Trump when
you paid for the yee 2024 domain and use
your campaign funds to orchestrate the
dinner between Nick Fentes and Kanye West.
I exposed you months ago and I'll do it again.
You trail a trash hoppy.
Oh my God.
She is so angry.
This is this is brutal.
Play our rage music.
The wall path.
Does moderate telegreen have a response.
It is absolute.
These are white people drama hours.
The desperate housewives of Air Force One
are going in on each other.
This is the first time I've intentionally gone to
Marjorie Taylor Greene's Twitter ever.
But I'm curious if she's got a response to this.
Okay here's Marjorie Taylor Greene's brutal response.
This is appalling an extremely racist.
It does not.
Oh this is what sparked the whole thing off.
It does not represent who we are as Republicans.
Oh my God.
This does not represent President Trump.
This type of behavior should not be tolerated.
Laura Luma should take this down.
Okay well let's see what sparked it all off.
Oh.
Let's go ahead and provide a little content warning that
this is probably going to be a bit racist.
If Kamala Harris wins the White House was.
Oh my God.
This is what she literally wrote.
This is someone who has a literally flew on Air Force One
with Trump before the debate.
Not Air Force One on his private plane.
Who might have been owned by certain other people that
own islands anyway.
If Kamala Harris wins the White House will smell like
curry and White House speeches will be facilitated
via a call center and the American people will only
be able to convey their feedback through a customer
satisfaction survey at the end of the call that nobody
will understand.
Normally I wouldn't even read that but I have to emphasize
that lady actually was hanging out.
It was like one of Donald Trump's advisors for the debate.
In case you have any other one reason to wonder why
it went the way it did.
I love that you would write that just like the most like
bottom of the barrel racist shit you like the like most
low hanging fruit racism you could think of to go after
Indian people and then being like how could you call
me racist and in that just be like she said she was
Indian.
Jesus Christ when you manage to get Marjorie Taylor Green
being like pearl clutching and being like oh no this
is too racist for me.
You must really be on to something although Marjorie
Taylor Green would make the exact same fucking
statement I suspect.
No it's doesn't represent MAGA.
Don't be confused by the fact that Donald Trump
actively hangs out with this person.
Why does Donald Trump hang out with this person.
What is Laura Loomer.
How is she famous.
I don't understand.
What did she do.
All right.
I I feel like now I'm curious enough that I have
to type in who is Laura Loomer.
Someone explained to me someone who actually bothers
to research anything.
Who the fuck is Laura Loomer.
Oh great this is from the Times now.
All right let's let's really poison our brains today.
He hung out with Nick Fuentes to yeah I mean Donald
Trump does not keep the classiest of company.
No oh my God this looks like a.
I'm not never mind this this is just a scary still
frame.
Love Allies racist remarks on Harris Sparks outrage.
This is a lot of sparks big controversy.
I can't.
Loomer under fire.
I love the state of media.
What.
Don't know the line with me.
I love the state of media that the first video
I click on is of course fucking just an AI voice.
Proud Islamophobe and.
All right this is at least a person seemingly
blabbing.
Proud Islamophobe and outspoken far right activist
Laura Loomer just won the Republican primary for the
US House District in Florida that's home to Donald
Trump and his Mar-a-Lago resort.
Here are five things you should know about her.
During the 2016 US presidential elections she was
working for Project Veritas a right wing sting
operation led by conservative political activist
James O'Keefe during which she wore a black
modest dress worn by Muslim women and asked for
a ballot under the name Huma Aberdeen a woman
of Indian and Pakistani descent who was the vice
chair of Hillary Clinton's president.
Crowder kind of stunts like I wore.
Muslim I wore Muslim garb and walked around New
York and show campaign.
In June 2017 she disrupted the public theater's
rendition of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar in Central
Park which portrayed Caesar as a Trump like figure
who was brutally murdered.
Freedom.
Ladies and gentlemen we're going to pause.
We're going to pause security.
Security please.
And yet they get so mad when people interrupt Jerry Seinfeld.
During the outburst she also claimed that both the
public theater and CNN were Daesh supporters.
She used to work for far right social media platform
Rebel News which is fairly outspoken on its
anti-Muslim and racist views.
Look at that shirt.
In November 2017 Luma was banned from ride share apps
Uber and Lyft after tagging them in a tweet that read
someone needs to create a non-Islamic form of Uber
or Lyft because I never want to support another Islamic
immigrant driver.
Oh wow.
She followed it with another tweet that said Uber will
literally hire an Islamic terrorist but they will ban
a conservative journalist for addressing legitimate
imagine this woman getting into a car and just there's
like a Islamic driver on a headset just having a
conversation which was like 50% of the Ubers I ever took
and she's just back there the whole time thinking she
got into a car with a terrorist just sweating just
absolutely flop sweating and rage tweeting in how
could you view the world like that?
How like how could you get into an Uber and be like
oh my God I think this might be an air of man driving.
Safety concerns.
She was also banned from using the food delivery app
Uber Eats.
She was eventually banned from Twitter in November 2018
after criticizing US Congresswoman Ilhan Omar for her
faith.
They said that this tweet is a violation of their terms
of service for hateful conduct.
Ilhan is pro-sharia Ilhan is pro-FGM which is female
genital mutilation Ilhan is anti-Jewish.
You know Mr. President please do something.
I'm asking you now for the second time because if
you want to win in 2020 you need to ensure that
your supporters have a voice on social media.
She has since been banned on Instagram, Facebook,
Medium, PayPal, Venmo and GoFundMe for her far-right
and anti-Muslim views.
So she's just famous for saying racist things and then
being like I just got banned for this and then
just repeating the racist thing she said.
Yeah that's pretty much she does a racist thing and
then she should be like can you believe this and
then she'll do the exact same racist thing but to a
news outlet.
I don't understand.
I guess is it like she has a fan base of people
that like this or is she just famous for being like
the fail-sun version of like a right-wing media
personality.
I guess she succeeded because she's fucking
hanging out with Trump.
That is insane.
If you if you have no morals and need a career
and you're in college just become a young Republican.
Apparently it is a cheat code that just have zero
talent and somehow still become way more of a
household name than you ever should.
Some Americans have the tendency to elevate media
on pretty shameful heights.
I mean I guess when you're selling shit how do
you measure the quality of the stench and I
guess her stench is actually extreme so I guess
that's how you become famous.
Have the smelliest possible shit.
Someone called Crumb.
Am I on the wrong business?
Should I go and do hate crimes for money?
I don't even know if it's lucrative.
I also feel like she's famous for complaining
that she's like broken can't get a job.
Yeah she's like one of those she's like one of
those trad wives that isn't married like I
think that's sort of her lane where you're
just always it's like really gross and you'd
wish nothing but the worst for her.
Then you also think about her life.
You okay stunt pup.
You think about her life and you're like it
must be pretty bad but then again she's
hanging out with like the potential future
president.
It's very confusing the media landscape
nowadays.
Yeah trad single.
Everyone needs to support traditional values
traditional marriage values and also never
be married with the amount she gets paid
to take shits live.
Yeah I mean there's enough people that'll
pay women to just literally shit in front
of them she could have just taken that
lane and said she went with the thing
that actually debases you even more which
is saying the kinds of things she does
out loud and then trying to apologize
or not apologize blame other people
repeats them.
So anyway I'm going to say I'm going to
cap that all under Trump's not doing a
second debate well the debate prep of
Laura Luma somehow didn't work out for
him and now it's turned the Republican
Party against itself.
The all of the most disturbing looking
women in the Republican Party hate each
other and I guess that actually means
where the winners the people finally
want to debate.
That's true it's exciting that was truly
the debate for the people the debate
for the people it turned Laura Lumer
and Marjorie Taylor Greene against each
other.
Did we get to the roast beef wait is
that a real thing or do you say like
roast this beef.
I never know anymore.
Just gonna quickly search Laura Lumer
roast beef.
Okay no it's just the beef it's just
the beefy beef.
Yeah I'm going to declare that we are
somehow the winners in this situation
when two awful people decide to spend
their attention aimed at each other
I'm going to call that a win for America.
Today we are all proud Lumericans now
I don't stand I refuse to sign off on
that particular verbiage.
You don't like the term Lumericans.
Yeah I don't look I don't know who
if I did she have a patreon.
I was gonna really quickly search Laura
Lumer patreon.
I just feel like even if you want to hear
reactionary shitty opinions from somebody
this you could find like a hot lady
shooting guns to do it.
Yeah I don't know what lane Laura Lumer commands.
I guess just like the troll lane
the she's the bridge troll of the Republican
Party and every party needs a bridge troll.
She's got a rumble account.
I always forget rumbles the thing.
As probably do most Americans Laura Lumer rumble.
Yeah you know she's caught.
There's somebody the other somebody watching this shit.
I mean not I don't know what's normal for rumble.
Jesus Christ somehow the exact same YouTube thumbnail style
but for conservatives.
She's got 60 K followers for Laura Lumer unleashed.
You know the cream team should go conservative case
you could make a living off your numbers if only you were willing
to make curry jokes about.
I'm not willing to do that.
You're sure she's on truth.
I'm sure she is as well.
YouTube for racist.
Yes it's sorry YouTube for free speech.
Oh yeah the freest of speeches.
Okay well that's about all I can stomach of this particular
topic no debate for us but given the people that had Trump's
here before that debate.
Maybe that's for the best.
I think what can be said by between those two candidates
probably has been said and it's up to you America to make up
your mind for me to try to influence you either way.
I'll continue to just influence the balls of various decaying
rich men on the little preference balls.
Yeah what did she say at the end there.
It's not too late for me to take advantage of my JD
Vansness.
Hey I made one tick tock that did okay.
Follow but follow Ben on kick after dark.
I just do fully racist everyone.
If I say racist things behind a Snapchat filter who's even
going to know it's me.
That has not worked in the past fully on eats pet raccoons.
I don't know does she.
I need a raccoon.
You would eat anything.
Been banning immigration news.
I saw someone was some right wing influencer made some awful cat
eating they like went to Ohio to Springfield to discuss like
interview people about the cat eating stuff.
I saw some people were doing watch alongs of that.
I just can't stomach it.
It's just him walking up to like various Ohio residents being
like do you like Haitians.
They're like no.
The Pupido eat ASMR rocket raccoon.
No that that guy still exists.
He's just a rare summon.
You have to unlock the rare materials if you want to summon
a ASMR rocket raccoon.
You McGregor got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame today.
That's cool.
That's nice for him.
Way to go you and there's an AI Minecraft story in here
now to they're using them for Haitian voodoo of course.
They're like this is fairly racist currently just saying
immigrants eat pets especially black Haitian ones.
But we can add voodoo into this.
There's no standard that we're meeting or exceeding.
Let's just say anything.
Yeah magic satanic foreigners basically you know we say they
might turn into werewolves aka loop guru.
I'm not say that but that's a sick name for werewolves.
How do you pronounce how do you pronounce that I want to
start calling werewolves loop guru loop group pronunciation.
I what you're looking for today.
Let's learn how to pronounce these word from French.
It means werewolf in French.
So how do you say werewolf in French Lou Lou which is French
for off the P is silent Lou.
Garou Lou Garou in English you cannot pronounce French
perfectly English pronunciation could be as Lou Garou Lou Garou
from French Lou Garou.
Here are more videos on how to wow what a voice.
Lou Garou.
Don't Lou Garou on me.
I don't want to get Lou Garou done or unless I can eat that.
Lou go Luigi Luigi Lou Garou.
Yeah the disease the terrible El pine disease of Lou Garou.
It's not good for you.
Lou Gigu Lou pay fiasco that's actually where you turn into
a werebear I think in French.
All right it's debate time and then it's street time and
then it's got a gar theme but we also have to make a
Pepito song.
Shit it had a specific name.
It was like I want to eat I eat I eat food.
What was my last sub goals like I eat food Pepito you have to
do that today.
I eat food the song food now yeah food now.
Okay we'll do that after the debate.
Musical the Pepito musical let's set it on a munch and
crown they've been you know they've been making lots of
appearances lately looks like today they're debating.
Our cats or dogs tastier this is the topic of the moment.
Can you got any you got any opinion on this.
Yeah.
Don't do it.
Because the answers.
I mean there's answers.
I do have a bit of.
Changes his goat just eat that cheese.
All right dogs or cats the classic rivalries here are
being ignited but finally we'll find out who is taste
here it's time for munch and crumb.
No people said some people actually eat dogs I'd say dogs
people might eat cats.
I wish I could eat human because then I could kill
crumb but I'm told that that's illegal unfortunately
and that's why he's still here.
How often how do you still think it's acceptable to
say you want to murder me.
Well it's a feeling feelings aren't illegal crumb.
I know you'd love to make feelings illegal and live
in the equilibrium universe and have to do gun katas all
day which you'd be terrible at by the way but we're
in America where it's still legal to feel like I want
to kill you every day.
I think that's I think threatening me in this way
could it's possibly illegal.
Go back to Haiti is that where you're from.
What about me.
I would be proud to be from there for the record.
Oh now you're trying to steal Haitian valor these
poor oppressed people literally being currently
discriminated against for the thing that I'm party bound
to at least say is not crazy to say out loud.
Oh you're gonna you're gonna just hop on board and
the openly racist and insane and xenophobic statements
of Donald Trump.
I'm not hopping on board them I'm just saying we
have to let the facts churn for a bit.
You know the great windmill of facts has to spin
and suck a couple birds into it.
We just got to get who knows what could be happening
at some point are you gonna claim that a cat or dog
has never been eaten.
No one is what that's a completely different
well they're on the same like I'm airing on the side
of safety of the cats and dogs okay because I happen
to have a heart and happen at feelings which I know
you think are illegal.
Well we're not here to discuss if they're being
eaten today we're actually here to discuss which
tastes better to eat suck off birds what.
No birds get sucked into like windmills and stuff right.
Some birds get split up by the windmill.
Why'd they make you laugh that's just I couldn't think
of the right term for it but yeah some birds get you
know all splitted up all mushed bisected dewinged Jesus
Christ and the the the avian flew an avian flew
into a windmill got split up.
I hear you so plaza about bird murder.
I hate birds what look I love dogs and catch but I have
a fear of birds ever since I saw the Alfred Hitchcock
film Birdemic or the other one which was the Alfred
Hitchcock one bird birdie the birds oh alberdos yeah
that one head is too high today can we can we get
to this what do you think tastes better you can
pick either side are we talking big cats are we talking
house cats I'm pretty sure it's called birds.
Not the birds.
It's just birds isn't it the birds Alfred Hitchcock birds.
Yes the birds yeah these aren't these aren't just any birds
these are the birds yeah it's the birds you stop fucking
burping all the time I've got to ask it reflex because
you were eating animals because chat things you're
Haitian first of all placed up equating Haitian people
with eating pets it's racist it sucks and you shouldn't
do it I'm not doing it you're doing that by claiming
to be Haitian stealing their value and constantly burping
I'm not I'm not Haitian I'm not stealing chat brought
that up it's a strange thing to bring up I'm not I
would never claim to be I would not be ashamed to be
but it's wrong of me to say that I am because I'm not
and they out they don't eat bats and I also don't eat
pets I just a lot of denials are coming over from this
side of the room I just like to point that out I just
don't think you can be trusted around pets anymore I think
if you have any pets you do need to surrender them to
the state but they can get a saw a safe foster parent
can we just get to this I like I think cats probably
tastes better you fucking idiot dogs are delicious oh my
god I for the record I probably neither taste that
good I don't think and now you're discounting the
delicious flavor of America's hard-working dogs or cats
I'm on the side of dogs from his wildly chosen cats
which are stringier game your meals insanity we don't
have a mod that minds making that debate
I will regret to inform you that your dog is in fact
magically delicious they're not fucking lucky charms
Oh now you think dogs aren't good luck they think
it's because rabbits or something no look they're
your beautiful beloved pets you should never eat them
but part of why we love them so much is deep in our
dark souls we know they probably taste delicious those
adorable puppy dog eyes staring up at you you've
never thought man this thing would taste incredible
like some barbecue like barbecue dog ribs Jesus that
is horrendous to think about I'm not saying you
should ever do it I'm just saying like nothing loves
like a dog unequivocally and unequivocally a dog
probably taste delicious because it's got all that
like powerful dog meat that agent dog meat of a beloved
pet that you've had for 10 years all of that love is
seeped into its fatty tissues and meats well the
same argument if you're trying to comply that loving
a creature would seep into its taste and make it
more delicious people love cats just as much as
dogs I just think a cat like yeah on average it's
somehow a cat does seem like a little bit thinner
to me and maybe a little bit game here but I just
feel like a dog is going to have like a they're
just like a smellier creature I feel like cats
keep themselves cleaner what is it after the quality
of the meat I feel like dogs are gonna have smelly
meat and I'm kind of a I'm like a scent like the
if the scent of something is off I just can enjoy
it so I can never eat a durian even if it tastes
like a delicious sweet onion that sounds terrible
as well well all of this sounds terrible you shouldn't
eat your pets or think about which would taste
better to eat I'm just saying going off vibes I
feel like a cat is a cleaner animal than a dog dogs
are kind of nasty little crazy guys they run all over
the place they eat everything cats are a little
more selective in my opinion they're more delicate
hunter I feel like they have a cleaner diet and
I feel like they would make better ribs I sit down
to ribs you brought up ribs first well look this
is dogs obviously taste better they're little
food monsters they'll eat anything and they process
it into delicious dog meat that is forbidden to eat
by the way we're not encouraging it we just
were we regret to inform you yes I regret to
inform you that I fucking went dogs obviously
taste better boom I have mixed feelings about
winning is what you would say I'm proud of
every single fucking win I've ever gotten
I worked hard for this win do I like eating dogs
no do they taste better than cats we prove
that they do sorry haters I guess some of you
don't love dogs I'm not gonna eat them
well why not if they taste so good I just
said they taste better than cats I think
the best tasting pet is probably like a
chinchilla why they're out of their big
they're exotic rare chinchilla meat that
doesn't sound nice to you so also fucked
up exotic meats are generally fucked up
rabbits I mean people eat rabbits the
military they make you kill a rabbit
meat in the woods in certain military
training camps they do that like veal well
but nobody has like a pet cow well people
have pet pigs I mean that's probably the
best tasting pet a delicious tea cup pig
that grows up to be a big fucking
hoggy pig cuz they all do how many pet
stores have banned have you been banned
for a munch great question only six or
seven and it's unrelated to eating pets
it was for behavioral reasons some people
don't know how to sell and I try to help
them out and suddenly I'm being crazy
I'm shouting in the middle of a pet land
in 2006 I'll tell you what those fucking
pomeranians were happy to have somebody
actually fucking selling them to the
customer you're just an awful you're an
awful guy I've heard rumors that munch
is an elf if anything crumb is the
one who's obsessed with eating cats
looking off to the side refusing to
make eye contact with me who do you
think you are much crumb that was just
that was not a Freudian slip I got
distracted whoa what the hell now what
are you looking at
got he turns so fast freakish you're
there's some big accusations flying
around in the chat
honey molester goldfish these rubber
scales it's fucking weird I don't even
know what that means
she's not denying it I didn't see
the denial is always weakness you
don't deny anything there's things
you didn't didn't do and that's for
the fucking public to decide okay
that's weird to shame response to
that well congratulations you finally
won one looking like this score is me
ahead that's only cuz you can't count
you're near a complete idiot now but
in a sense six is the devil's number
seven is not associated with any gods
as far as I know seven is often uses
a religious number there's many people
obsessed with the number seven is
because it's associated with luck
prime number you're trying to argue
that you're ahead because six is the
devil's number just saying one one six
sounds cooler than one one seven
they sound coolness my number is ahead
of your number stupid sexy goldfish
why is who is spreading this rumor
they're just saying it in chat I brought
it up and you didn't deny I refuse to
deny anything denial is weakness
never deny anything you don't have to
say you did it but never deny that's
one of the worst personal policies
I've ever heard I can either confirm
or deny that it's a bad policy balls
again in your court little baby birdie
okay you're just you're having he's
starting to lose his mind a little bit
who's in a what now are you okay
are you having gonna have a history
fit you're gonna pull out another version
of your consciousness that I have to do
this show with for five sessions or
whatever no no I killed all of them
I ate my other selves inside my mind
palace okay that seems like as good of
a place just to offer Jenny yeah cuz
now you're running scared now that you
know that I ate the other versions
that exist in my very normal mind
we're all winners today the wolves in
chat we pulled out another one we've
actually never lost and it must be so
exciting to stay forever on the side
of a winner who is me this man's a loser
and I think I could probably get him
thrown in jail maybe over the weekend
I try every weekend and I think this
could be the one we'll see you soon
great finally that debate has been
settled oh my gosh sorry getting more
I'm getting live updates on the apartment
none of them good
none of them particularly encouraging
but you know you're never gonna get along
to play in at this point I won't go with
you anyway I'm owned by Fiona actually
who lives on boats now
I think she's back in LA actually
actually share her short film because
what's her name who's the lady who did
the
Kendall who's the who's the singer
Sabrina carpenter not her the other one
who's at the VMAs
no the one who performed in the night
stuff you know the medieval stuff
chapel round there we go share
Papina share Papina shares fiotas
short film because chapel round did some
performance at the VMAs themed after
the same character that Fiona made her
short film about so if we can make it
blow up right now my gosh oh my gosh
don't be great let's do that
you know posted about it and then we
would all be one degree away from
chapel round we're all just trying to
meet chapel round the make chapel round
do an interview with Papito
if Fiona gets famous enough she can
force her to do it for me
guys could literally be like I know
someone who's dating chapel round
wait we're assuming Fiona's gonna just
date her yes
all right let's be it all right
they are both lesbians the new plan
is for Fiona Nova to seduce chapel
round we're here and Kendall's back
yeah here's here's Fiona's posts on it
story of Julie Domine I don't know
what his name I'm trying to make it
French and failing
you don't know direction for film
about it yeah so she so chapel round
did this is like the same she was
going for the same character that
Fiona made her short film about
it's a lot like
the character Fiona was making movie
about just with an even crazier
but is what I learned from watching
that performance
I'd never seen chapel road before
and I was like anyway here's Fiona
posting about it so just retweet
this if we make it blow up enough
maybe chapel round will have to see
it
they're probably both mutuals of Kojima
honestly I'm sure there's Fiona
note Fiona's degrees of separation
from chapel runner probably like one
or two
yeah like I think she's worked with
a lot of people who also work with
chapel round so I'm just saying
you know you blow it up there
already probably how practically
know each other
someone text Kojima
that's our secret weapon
hit the Kojima button
also Fiona said she might stream on
Monday she'll once again be which
streamer Fiona Nova
who saw that coming
all right you know we do segments
here and I see another one queued
up the bottom we didn't do it yesterday
meaning it's a dangling thread
and we must pull on it to unravel
the streets it's time for trip on the
streets home that's my new little
intro dance I worked it out with my
fingers just sitting in the busher
before coming on doing this
I've got a golden coat now
a technicolor dream coat
it's just gold actually not really
somebody already gets it and we love
to see that exclamation point trip
is how you send me an opinion looks like
you've got a nice meaty one already
waiting for me to talk to
just checking it out a little bit ahead
of time
I thank you so much for kicking an opinion
of the streets live and sleazy and you can
to just by typing exclamation point trip
I hope you're all having a beautiful day
out there and what I like to consider
the streets but what some people call chat
I'll let you be the judge of which is which
in the meantime
exclamation point trip is how you send me
your opinions I received them
and then I chat to them out here
I'll show you exactly how it's done right now
because I actually see one of these
hot opinions approaching me
the form of a human being that seemingly
has so do you mind talking to me
I'm trippy bee
you're lunch wrap
hi
what
why
oh my
what a splendid jerk in
I'm groomer naughty
and I was lured here by your neck by that
Magnificent scent
what a marvelous odor you have
I must have it on me
you see trip
I'm a kind of sewer of obscure and eccentric
sense and oh my
you're sent trip that jacket
oh
the miasma of your chief
view the chief raunchy polyester
it's intoxicating
what will you share it with me
trip share that scent
rub me trip
don't be scared
don't be a sent tease
just rub
rub me trip
you're groomer naughty
I'm groomer naughty
and I could use a good rubbing
when the trip starts a rubbing
I start 11
sorry if I'm clear here what you want me to do is rub you
to what transfer my scent to you
that's the idea
I ain't nothing but a hound dog smell and lots of sense
I refuse I don't want to rub you
this is the best scent I've ever found
I know it's an odd request I understand
putting you in a position but
I can't overemphasize this
if you don't rub me
and give me your scent I'll kill myself
okay
no
what
that's a horrible thing to say very manipulative and weird
next
what did I do
that's
it's that's you're being bad grew
you're being bad what
trip
I'm sorry
I took it too far
I probably took it too far
I just
I'm gonna kill myself you don't rub me
ah Jesus you did it again
what
I don't believe you either
what just because I wouldn't
just because I wouldn't
I'm just expressing how I feel
all right I get it
I can't rub you grew
I don't want to
and this smell it wouldn't transfer on to you anyway
I've
honed this smell
over years of living in ponds and bushes
living in a pond for a while I thought
I'll sleep in the pond
you get cold
it human bodies aren't meant to
soak for that long actually
I got a lot of skin issues
now I live in a bush anyway
it takes that kind of effort to get this kind of scent
and you're not getting it for me
okay
go sleep in a pond and live in a bush if you want to smell like this sir
good day
all right well you gave me the advice I needed
I've got a new lease on life. Thanks to you trip
this is why people love you
I'm sorry if I hurt you
but I will
I will kill a different guy just to be your friend
it's very murder related with you murder or suicide
neither is appropriate
okay well
I gave it a shot
and I'm gonna go live in a pond for a year. Thanks trip
okay
well grew
I'm glad I could have
offer you some advice
that didn't involve me
giving you my natural spice I'm not touching that guy
do we clear his smell was not very good
for a man so obsessed with scent
his was off
I'll say it
all right
oh geez
someone called a 501 me finally
this isn't the first
of this kind of guy I've had to deal with so everybody just keep it cool
keep it cool is what I always say
wait a minute
it's not who I thought it was
what the hell
all right let's see what he has to say you there
do you have a
some thoughts for me I'm trippy be
well
I don't have a radio
okay first of all you only say over
I also you could turn off the little
I don't know why you're talking to me through like a speaker
over
okay I guess you're gonna say it for me I don't have a car what
I would actually love it if you would take it and move that
that civics just been sitting there next to my bush for the last two weeks
no one's claimed it
I was too passed out I got stung by a ton of bees I got knocked out for two days straight when I woke up
Honda Civic Park next to my bush
I don't know I've not seen a doctor too many of them are inside
couldn't get one to come out to me
my legs and feet are still very swollen
and red
that's mostly where I got stung
and I've been having insane fever dreams but anyway
not my civic
I wouldn't do that kind of thing
I know the drunk or psychedelic version of me
terrified of cars scream at the mostly actually so
whoever's it is I rifle through the glove box it's not even locked and the keys are in it
I'm not gonna steal a fucking car man you're crazy you're supposed to be security
me too
you seem to be a helicopter pilot security guard for the park
okay I guess none of that stuck out to you was alarming from the things I said
it's not it's somebody's please
why did you only said it yet
what are you running for
that position
name is officer park
all right we got a lot of opinions waiting for us
lot
of opinion
in the opinion shoot
let's see who else we got I got a high-media through these
just a little bit faster today
I say that knowing full well I operated one speed which is
whatever this is
oh look at this suit this approaching yes you mind talking to me I'm trippy bee
and we will go amongst them up well
low trip
no trip
yo trip
it's me
blue do so
I'm
Medusa
but instead of turning people to stone
I turn gold jackets to blue
when they look at me
well I'm looking right at you it'll take a while to take effect
but don't worry you're already under my spell
it's only a matter of time I'd say give it
five to seven business days
okay
I don't do my spells don't work on weekends also 912 was an inside job
what's that mean
you think about it I don't want to well but can you help but think about it now
that blue do so has spun her in sippy divisions into your mind the rising snake of truth now
exists in your brain scape trip there's no escaping it it's the dark truth I've whispered
to you today will drive you mad 912 was an inside job
but do you mean like the coverage was
controlled by the
deep state by the government at large that's just true of national media in general
see I made you think about it now
you're forming all sorts of opinions
well I mean I'm just trying to make sense of what you said I trying to say like
national media coverage of large events is
essentially controlled by the state as they're the primary source that the news
relies upon they need to maintain a relationship with them
and that relationship both influences what they say in direct and indirect ways
okay you're sort of making it boring all I'm saying is 912 was an inside job
all right well
in a sense I guess maybe
all right anyway give it about give it some time that Jack it's gonna turn I swear
I am the big fan
I like to revive
but I couldn't
get forced the issue you know
I was like maybe a sense of the vibe but I could have just been me
so
I want to force it you know it's never good to force it
and I didn't
and in a sense thus I blew it
oh well what can you do
hmm
all right
this guy coming at me now
hello sir
notice you're approaching me does that mean you'd like to talk
hey trippy being I'm Turk Tangler
love the gold blazer
hey
I for one am happier today knowing that these cats and dogs are finally on
notice with their carefree lifestyles you have two mouths yep
too long have they had it in had a good you're in America
okay Turk
I for one can wait for McDonald's to capitalize on this new food trend
all right thank you for your time
wait a minute my jacket turned to blue
I feel like it turns to blue
briefly
and now it's called again oh my God it's already started to work
I had more questions for
her
but he got right out of here
oh well
sometimes
they're on a schedule
and what can you do about that
what the hell
look at this guy
yes you there
you little fella you ever thought for me
I a dribble on the heck are you
I'm okay little fella and I come on my own on the little
you must share your part of those gold Jaguar freaks we all want all
we want is all the gold be a solid or liquid
how long as you been bush along your bush been so golden
that
wait we all watch it blue right now now it's called again all right
are you well okay sorry I'm trying to make sense of what you said
I do I mind sharing
you're not in a gold look I'm not in a golden jacket per se
but I think my golden fur push me in the same club as you my
friend all right child I want to show the gold be a child or liquid
and
what is your point all I want to go be a solder liquid
and follow up how long is your bush been so cold well look the
bush seems golden because I sleep in my golden jacket in the
bush so if you're looking at it while I'm sleeping in there
which is often
all right
then it will appear that the bush is golden because it's
a radiating my sparkling golden jacket through its delicate
leaves I found the best bush in the park for the record a
did you find a really good one so it's been golden for about
a week since I got this jacket all right and you want all
the gold get to digging I've heard there's gold in this park
what's that not trip excuse me that's not the song I want
what sorry I want
that's not it do you have any mystery music you play me some
mystery music trip
why
and what there's golden this part
yeah I've heard there's golden this part little beaver man
my reputation perceives me I didn't know you knew my name
all right trip
if you confirm that that I will get to digging with my beaver
teeth your teeth actually look is it rude for me to tell
you teeth are kind of small for a beaver now that's accurate
I'm little beaver man the small smooth beaver
that's your name that's the name but I will prove myself
by digging holes with my teeth and finding gold you've given me
a mission all right and now I'm off to do it
that's how this goes that's how what good that's how this
goes
sorry that's the kind of thing you say if you're holding me
hostile all right don't make any sudden moves I'm off to dig
for gold with my teeth
I'm a big fan
you know it's actually going pretty normal today I'd say
it's still actually relatively normal
all right let's see what this fellow's deal is this looks like
a fancy gentleman you there
any Wolverine
it's that sir
do I look like a well for reading to you well you've got some
interesting face paint on well trip perhaps that's because
I'm also a con connoisseur of sense and feels as a and feels
and I couldn't help but notice that lovely dog at the news
station what's his name now pepe
that's kind of look like a living Funko indeed the models
for Funko were based on me I just want to sniff little pepe
for the record
I just want to sniff him and hold him and sous vide him
I mean I mean love him
I love love on him
okay in a known creepy way
anyway
can you give case my number
this is a
bottle of aqua for
indeed
rub on aqua for
come to look at the back
and call them call the number that you call in case of emergency
that's where I work
ask for
well they'll know me best as perverted Tambin the
perverted Tambin the that's my nickname send him right to me
you don't mind passing that information along sir
sorry you work at the aqua for emergency helpline your
names perverted Tambin the and you want case to give me your
number you've got it perfectly my man and I'll leave before
now that I don't want to waste your time I never agreed to
do it sir
honestly case needs that for his elbows I should just send him
this so he can use
and then he didn't even say his name enough for me to get it
alright
let's see what else we have out here today
oh boy
don't know if I love
what's approaching me now but
that goes can't be chooser as you want to talk to me I'm
trippy b
Mr. Brad Steve
do you want to leave this park
sleep in a bed
under a roof
with a door
no
that I have it with what
no
well what
okay but I have a mission for you
you must hunt down and eliminate all the Trumpy trout in
the world
for to sleep in a house again
again
yes and they will invade the entire planet unless they're made
to go extinct
it's gotta be you trip
it's got to be you trip
I don't I like it out here
wearing like a face
you put a rob a bank and you accidentally got really like
thick nylon like really
lacy nylon
though these are face tats
I'm a big MGK fan
and I wanted to go for blackout makeup on my face and then
I was informed
that would be a mistake
that was wise to not do that although honestly the whole
look is
a little questionable
you're not the first person to say that
but I am mostly waiting on the offer no I refuse I don't
care
Oh I want to live in a bush
why
this will cure you of your desire to live in a bush and I pass
and I want to keep the I want to keep the soul burning bay
baby
the bush may have faded but the soul still burns and the bush
hasn't faded all actually looks great
all right well I tried
I gave it a shot I am a big fan
fine
I do still like to hear that but
that's always got for me when I'll just say fine
all right let's see
who this guy is
are you there sir looks like you
just dying to say something to me
excuse me hey Kevin Pereira here
you know what day was yesterday
I'm TV's Kevin Pereira
TV's still
it's like a
the mill it's sort of it's like the military you might retire
but you're still
you know it's like we're being president like once you're on
TV you're always TV's blank
okay anyway do you know what day was yesterday why it was
so special
no Kevin
I was hanging out with
are you okay Kevin
I thought she left us for good
what do you think I was talking about
immigration
now I don't know why would I know
AI
oh come on I'm not
I'm not a one-trick pony
I'm talking about other things trap
okay
talking about anal leakage
all right and a great new product I invented to
stop it called a butt cork
I'm Kevin Pereira Jesus Christ
anyway it's a butt cork
it's like a wine cork
in fact it is one
is that the whole pitch yep
anyway it'll stop anal leakage
so I'm gonna put a wine cork in my ass
well look I'm not just the guy who pitches it
I'm also the number one customer
I've got six in there right now
and nothing's getting out of here
be clear not six
like
not six wide ways six long ways deep in there
I don't think you're Kevin
what
just don't something's off about this
come on man
I remember that time that we
lubed up a
astronaut at lube astronaut
and you did that
little thing
you did your little lube astronaut thing
and I said
fuck you and we all laugh
what
anyway just think about it
there's 699 per box of 10 each cork
so if I could sign you up for an order of 10 boxes that's 20 grand
but you will never leak again
and think about it
you'd be surprised how many people claim to be Kevin Pereira on the stream
just to sell me things to put in my ass
and lucky guess that it leaks
anybody lucky guess
could happen to anybody
I just have what I just because I happen to need that product I'm supposed to be impressed
whatever
let's see who else is out here today
okay
you there creature
what do you want to torture me with today
I'm curgurbing
I was blinded by a coat from three blocks away
it's so shiny
I must have it
why does everybody want my coat
please
at least let me rub it
coming in for a rub
let me rub it
come on
let me rub I'm trying to rub it
come on
come on
I feel like from the side that doesn't look great
it just picturing it in my mind's eye
what do you mean I was just rubbing your coat with my little monster body
Jesus
all right did you get what you wanted out of this absolutely my friend
very nice coat felt very good big fan
that was a real monster
of
for a scent obsessed creatures that are out here today
some very weird smells being put out by a lot of the things people and places that I'm talking to
all right
oh boy this looks like something is snuck in from another of cases streams you there
what do you want from me I'm trippy bee
oh
hey all the way from the mean streets of Candyland it's Joel don't do my voice it's
jolly Jim
hey you got any sunbaked human meat laying around I'm really hungry
we could spare some of yours just a little bit of your human meat trip
what are you asking
I'm on a mission to collect some human meats
to fill up my candy truck so that I can cook in the hot sun and gain flavor from the flies
sorry are you trying to murder humans and put their meat in your truck now whatever it means to you trip
just give me some human meat from the human world I'll put it in my invisible truck it'll bake in the sun and the flies will give it a flavor
joke them
I will fight you sir
no don't wait you want me to fight you touch me with your human paws now their hands
hands
give you those human paws rub them on me give your sense give me your meats give your sense I want to feel what it's like to be a flash being
alright
shut up
what shut your mouth
I love you
what's that fight
what the fuck hey
you do taste good
what the fuck is going on today
hmm big fan
based on watching cases candyland thing that makes sense
mostly murder poop and kissing
so I guess he went into one of the three modes that he has
even if it didn't make a ton of sense
huh
see a normal
civilian would say hey don't kiss me
I happen to be a newsman
if I see a kiss coming in
I take that kiss for the sake of journalism
I say Marek I welcome it with my eyes
because you can actually collect a lot of information with your lips
that's why I never say no to a kiss
even if it's from a candy being or some kind of monster
I do occasionally say no
actually I do occasionally say no
but that can kind of smell good
sort of smell like
melting chocolate
I'm confusing myself as to what I'm into sexually actually thinking about this too much
let's see who else is out here today
hmm
see a couple people vying for my attention
who do I stare at
you there
what's your deal you want to talk to me I'm trippy B
well hello there
hi Tripp
my name is Hugh G. Jackman
alright
and my girlfriend and I saw you from across the park
and we really dig your vibe
that's accent I don't know about this
something about
that new solid gold jacket you're wearing is incredibly alluring
it's very slimming compared to your last ill-fitting jacket
and we'd like to buy you and your family
and your jacket
a drink
sorry are you
whatever the male version of a unicorn in me is right now
a corner corp is what we call them in the business and yes
interested
as long as you're not that jacket
this jacket
did you get Medusa because it keeps changing colors
I got Medusa well blue duced
oh alright
well then you go to that fest
because pretty soon that jacket will be
totally blue
can you land us a spectrum
and aren't we all
um
which one's your wife
the one with the snake hair
the blue ducer from earlier is your wife
hmm this is actually kind of tempting
well
what do you think Tripp
you wanna
did you think that was supposed to be sexy music
because that wasn't quite
sorry what are you trying to tell me here
what do you think
are you gonna say yes and no
stream has gotten so sexual
I'm gonna give you G. Jackman
a wife's blue ducer
did it really you know for you want to say no to
I wanna teach you
um
I'm busy
oh what
come on they're all re-eating for it in the chat
I'm good
I'm good
I was stung by a ton of bees on the lower body recently and
it did make it bigger but it's red
and sore on a level that's just
I better not
alright I suppose I understand
I mean I actually get bee treatment on my penis intentionally
to keep it really big and red
but if it's something that to you is a problem then
or do you want to respect whatever you're feeling but
I tried to make it seem like it was a take it or leave it awful
but it's standing and we'll be standing in the park every
every Thursday actually if you want to reconsider
alright
I mean it should be pretty obvious but I'm a big fan
yeah
you got another one oh shoot
oh shoot okay we got two more
uh alright
let's see
who else is out here today
uh yes you there oh officer oh shoot another cop what's going on today
whoop whoop whoop
I'm gonna inform you that you got a raid young man
um okay and probably older than you but alright
also I'm the park ranger of this here park
swans you to tell a case
I'm giving him a warning that Papito got loose
he was not like a regular dog but I could still still tell
he was one and he was microchip surprisingly anyway
he wasn't chasing any squirrels or rabbits or trying to hump shit
he's just slurping and sucking the cheese out of my cheese steak
and I know I don't have a lunch
so somebody's gonna have to answer for that
I mean come on what
PDF files up here
no there's none
uh wait what are you talking about nothing officer
uh sorry you're the park ranger
are you the park
wait there was a different park ranger earlier
oh that fucking he's run the one running for park sheriff
well I'm running too so
and I you could probably tell that I'm a lot more direct and responsible
so I would love your vote
my name is also my name's park ranger
both of you are named park ranger
it's been a difficult campaign because we are both named park ranger
but I'm park ranger and I'm running for park sheriff
my middle name's sheriff but
I will still go by park ranger once I'm sheriff
your name is park sheriff ranger yes
and his name is actually park sheriff ranger
and that's nothing against his background
that's the difference in our names
his middle name's sheriff
that's fine
are you related?
no
I mean neither of us know our dad
or our mom
we're sort of raised by a couple of kindly park rangers
named park ranger
we've known each other since we were babies
found in this park
alright
I don't need all this lore
well you seem like you want to know
I don't need all this lore
if you do there's more
I'm good
I don't need this much lore about you
no not Omar
his name is park sheriff ranger
maybe his dad's name was Omar
probably a different dad
and we'll never know
alright well
I'll tell case that
the pedo sucked the cheese out of your cheese steak
boy did he
boy did he
just got out of the office, ran across the country, sucked the cheese out of your steak
and now he's probably back
that does sound like him
doesn't it?
he's here a lot
and he is a problem
he really is
he causes some havoc
he does damage
he was a
it's a real
it's actually a problem
I'm worried he's a demon
he might be
he might be
the bottom half is not dog in a way that
registers it first
really it is not
alright well
keep an eye out for him
because he'll suck
the goo out of anything
as you know
I know
alright well
I'm counting on your vote
vote park ranger for park sheriff
alright well look there's one more
um
let's see who's
talking to us last for today
I can't turn off the opinions but if you get one in under the wire here
we will save it for a future streets
um
case never fixed the on off mechanism here
but
we will someday
alright
uh yes you there you want to talk to me I'm trippy B
I'm TV's Kevin Ferrara
I don't
alright what
I'm here to sell you the Decanter set
only he's buying the Decanter set
for $100 you can own a piece of G4 memorabilia
you can't get anywhere else
please buy it
you know case once told me
that Kevin mentioned the Decanter set once
and then we were scripted to another time
and then case just forced Kevin to say the Decanter set
in every outro where Kevin was ever a host
and so in a fucked up sense
case is sort of
the was the one forcing the Decanter set
to be a very specific meme
for the small g4 revival fan base
don't give him credit
the Decanter set sells itself
with a little help from me
TV's Kevin Ferrara
anyway please buy it
I went through leaving G4 twice
I mean the money
that case guy sounds like a monster yeah sometimes he could be
can you give me 25 cents
there's a locked urinal you have to pay 25 cents to use it
you have to pee?
no
what urinal in this part cost 25 cents
to unlock it Fred
oh
you know I don't care any change on me Kevin
okay I'll just be searching for 25 cents then
because I really need to use the Fred the urinal
or do you want to buy a Decanter set
no where can you even buy one
DM me
DM me
whoa
alright thanks Kevin thank you
I'm a fan
I like this little internet stuff I'm actually on TV though
you were
you are not even trying to be anymore why does
probably not Kevin
but which one is
one of them must be right
alright well that's all the time we have for today
we learned a lot
is a thing someone could say and they'd probably be lying
let's send it off the streets
looks like we're doing a little bit of movies
I think that'll be the last segment of the day
minus Pepito singing a song
Pepito needs to make his own little theme
but for now I'm sending you back
off the dream of the street theme
to the news theme
in rhyme more or less I'm tripi b I'm on the streets I'll never leave them bye bye
the movies
oh there's also amongst the web
what if I have time to do all of them
what time is it
5.40
okay we'll do a tighter
we'll do a tight
to a tight
to a tight trend to the movies meaning let's send it there right now
three trailers trend and then get out of here man come on
these segments could clip along why not
let's set it down there and then let's send it right back here is trend of the movies
you hear that no time for your bullshit today Chris
me don't say my your name while I say it
Chris no time for this bullshit Chris don't do any or who's on first shit with me
you mean the comedy segment
no I mean like who's gonna talk first
who's on first on the camera
well that's also the name of a classic comedy segment where
the general confusion is around
terminology meaning the same thing like who's on first yeah that's what we're talking about is
I'm on first oh my god you're doing it currently
well
I'm asking you not to
gonna stop talking
watch a trailer
that's what I mean
alright let's see
it's a trailer down
I'm under the wire here for some reason cases up my ass about time
Leo Ray Betwell Leo Ray Ruby
thank you so much for the follow
open mic at giggle surround
I'm not trying to do a bit right now I'm trying to limit the bits
yeah but you sort of unintentionally are doing one of the easiest bits
while complaining about it that's lazy as shit dude I would never do that
instead I'm gonna watch this trailer for the Radleys
because it's got the word rad in it which I relate to
you know what I mean you relate to the word we have me that's very easy to track
well then what's your problem dude we're not doing this today I'm not trying
you're talking to me
let's watch the Radleys dude that's all I'm trying to do
that's true I'm trying to do community service hours it's fucked up
I just thought we could get to know each other
oh shit they're gonna Radley
oh yeah fucking Radley jump
you idiot he didn't even know
I mean daddy are here
fuck yes
someone please tell me what the hell is going on
you killed a boy at your school
what if I don't I couldn't stop
it's not your fault it's compulsive
you acted like what you are
what is this
it's a family disease your mother and I made a choice
for Radley
we've wanted to live as normal in life as possible
do the breathing thing
oh shit man hey
you know I'm gonna invite me and then
I invite you into my home
no you murder people
only sometimes do you want our daughter to get a prison for the rest of her life
would it be possible for you to wait outside sir
no Clara Radley knows absolutely nothing about that
are they like that you vampire
it's our secret
you made him a pathetic slave to his appetite like you and me
all they are vampires okay
well they do say it's a family disease
the Radleys aren't safe
I have evidence
what evidence
wouldn't you get me a lost also control
you're blushing
no not
so sick
the world's a feast of pleasures
ready for anyone who dares help themselves first
oh shit
they're gonna was Radley right at the door
okay
not bad
give it a B
what why you're grating it off that
not bad I give it a B
alright I thought it looked nice
well look I'm giving it a B because I was excited for a new monster type called Radley
but it turns out they were vampires
well maybe they were radpires
maybe they're different rules
I wanted a full monster universe around a monster called a Radley
and instead it was just like a cute last name
well we don't we haven't seen it
maybe they don't call themselves vampires in that universe
maybe they call themselves Radleys
well that's what I'm looking for
but I'd like slightly different rules
for the Radleys
which is a new monster I made in my head called the Radleys
you know we could establish ratings in this segment
but I think it should be out of stars
why are you trying to make a different rating thing for movies
you could just we could just use the current ratings to rate trailers
no it needs to be like a different graphic with little stars
I don't make the rules here
we're trying to do a movie segment
alright case can I add that to the list of
unnecessary things he does I guess
that's the Radleys
but what about the Carmen Sandiegoes
how were those how is that
how are those related
they're both monsters that love red
you know I mean
it's a stretch but fine
yes okay let's check out I'm assuming this game trailer
well we don't we don't know it could be a movie let's find out
Carmen Sandiegoes
fucking back and honestly
she's hotter than ever it is blowing my mind
hey Red
cutting edge fighter jet was stolen from the National Air and Space Museum in Washington
only the world's greatest speed can stop vile
who's still doing a movie
for the first time in history
you get to play as Carmen Sandiego
track thieves as you travel around the world
whoa
do state-of-the-art gadgets and gear
oh shit
use all of your skills to breath up the sandy operatives
gather intel
decide for clues
and catch suspects
get ready to travel around the globe as the world's greatest thief
learn more at www.carmansandiego-game.com
did you got everybody could get behind Carmen Sandiego
because it's educational and also like she's fucking sexy
and she's like a children's she's not a child though she's an adult
yeah she is but I just mean
is the real appeal there the sex
no it's the sexual learning of a sexy lady
it's that steel shit
but teaches you what a pyramid is
it's a mobile game yeah
yeah but doesn't matter like if I keep her in my pocket you know what I mean dude
I'm like what's the loo is it a bathroom or is it a painting
and she'll tell me looking like a fucking daddy
I sure that's what was going on there
it's a museum for the record I didn't I see when you said I don't care and I forget
killer's game I think we watched that that's Batista
monsters
alright there's a monster theme today
you remember the the sexy monster that is Carmen Sandiego
the Radleys
and now just straight monsters is the title of this
so it's sort of coalescing it all into one thing
it's a very really stretching term transition here but fine let's check out monsters
you remember the first dog we had
I went to the pet shop to buy one of those colors that have spikes on them
oh shit
you're telling the leash
no country for old monsters
but it only hurts when it disobeys
people think that those colors are cruel
I think it's the other colors that are cruel
because they create dogs that misbehave
you don't want to think
I think that I didn't hit you hard enough
Pito look out
so as a father
and I'm sorry
oh you have a little kiss
I hate my kids
they as well come out and say it
they're parasites actually
they've turned us into people we don't want to be
and I regret having you
mom you can't say that
please shut up for Christ's sake
parenting is hard
like a movie star like Kim Novak
and you're what I got
you're gonna be like the Kennedys
that's why it was so hard on us
suddenly saw how cruel it was
what was going on in that house
and it's never gonna end
you can never escape from it
and I was always gonna choose my brother over my parents
what happens
when kids don't get the nurturing they need
what's going on with human voice
I won't down anyone
but to destroy our family
I gotta say that was a better use
of cutting the trailer to music
than most trailers pull off
yeah that one had a strong vibe to it
it turns out the real Radleys was
was inside of us all along
and maybe what
the true horror is that all of us is Radleys
that's true any of us can be Radleys
it's not just vampires
but all of us can Radleys
it's fucking beautiful dude
and normally I don't agree with you but
we both say cool shit sometimes I gotta give it up
sometimes you gotta you know
well look that's fucking beautiful man
that's the story of the Radley monsters
and Kermit San Diego
and I'm on a time budget today
I'm actually on a time budget
and so that's all I can say about that
and even if you don't know what it was
because it was so fast
don't worry because you still do know
what it is we'll talk to you soon
let's web it
it's time to web
there's no time for lollygagging we must web
if you have any amongst the web videos you particularly want
there is a thread at the cream.team discord
you can throw them in the amongst the webs thread
which is what I click on
to find out
the hottest vids on the internet
anyway let's get down to it
it's time for amongst the web
settle down
settle down guys
eh
it's your pal Garf
sending a one up for all you sinners
hey
hi Garf
you got that gorilla trying to take my job
I like to think I'm the music man around here
save some cat for the rest of us
yeah
well it's good to see you again Garf
it's great to see me too
yeah yeah
blue deuces strikes again yeah
she's in the process of transitioning
all of us back to blue
it infected us like a virus
I've encountered many blue deuces in my life
you fall in love with the wrong lady
it follows you man
it's not just a movie
okay Garf
little home spun wisdom for ya
yeah
well a lot of mail
she found a lot of flail mail
y'all know how to play me a monkey
play me a back and try
he's doing it
can we we need to watch the videos we can only watch a couple
cause I do need to get out of here
probably before 6.30
ah okay let's hurry up then
yeah man
let's hurry
okay
oh yeah let's see what's going on
that was a cliffhanger man
that was good
KP is looking great Skymer
he's a man of many looks
that one's pretty good
something tells me that guy smells good
uh yeah that's that
perfume influencer
anybody wonders who that is
that's a man who's been looking for a girlfriend for quite a while
and supposedly recently found one I think
what's his fucking name again
Jeremy Fragrance
oh yeah
he's got the name of a character the kind of character that I lazily name
either you know Jimmy or Jeremy with just then the last name of the thing they do
yeah that's him
he's Jeremy Fragrance
he's a master of Fragrance
Chad is not supporting his journey of love right now
I understand he's kind of too hot for TV
or social media
sometimes that love is too hot you try to share it people aren't ready
and that's why you got a 2.9
yeah Garf you know sometimes we're not ready for that sensual fragrance
yeah found a girlfriend
he put out a you put out a public call for a girlfriend
I mostly know that because I watched a Shad Shad video
shout outs to Shad Shad if anybody's a Shad Shad fan
I think that's her name
a YouTuber that I would recommend
anyway
let's move on to bears
let's just do some bear stuff
alright now you're talking my language
take no prisoners
alright man
yeah get a bear
enemies to friends that's beautiful
see that again I want to see that again
oh yeah
hmm yeah
it's life on the road man
you gotta find a place to sleep
people think you're a monster but then they see you sleep in there like
he's cute when he sleeps
what?
I'm just saying I got in trouble on the road because
I get caught on sleeping in a lot of swings
usually on playgrounds
sometimes in a lady's apartment you know what I mean
but I'm cute when I sleep
I think you don't think you're doing that video justice
did quite well 9.67 well earned from that bear
lions and tigers and cops we got a cop now
deputy crow adventures uh oh let's see what this is
I want to hear about some of my favorite things to do
this is gonna piss you off
this is so much fun
so wait and it's early in the morning
we're late at night
oh these are my favorite
when you're driving
and you're coming at me
and you know we pass each other like such
I like to hit my brakes
yeah especially early in the morning when you're running late to work
you're speeding you know you're speeding I caught you speeding
I just like to hit my brakes
get the blood flowing you know what I'm talking about
you know what I'm talking about
get that get you really I'm helping you out if you think about it
getting your blood flowing getting you ready for work
I just like to hit my brakes
scary a little
also
when I'm sitting
and I'm running speed traffic
and I got to go somewhere else if I want to go to the gas station or grab a snacky
or something
I'll wait
I'll wait till you come by
I don't care how far you're back if you're two miles back
I'm waiting on you
and then as soon as you pass me I'm gonna pull out
that's what I'm gonna do
yeah
also at a stop sign I'm not going first
I'll wait
you can you can do you can do that
you're going
you're going first
figured I'd let you in on a couple of fun things that I like to do
and I'm sure others do the same
but uh
yeah
Matt with a 10
now you know or do you
am I are we gonna pull you over
how long does he go
or we just are we just you got to stop this man come on
which ones are you make that choice I can't make it for you
good luck
also don't feel bad I still get nervous when cops are behind me
even when I'm in a squad car I'll forget that I'm in a squad car
and I'll see a cop I'll be like oh shit
it's a cops
but yeah don't feel bad everybody gets that way
it's not just you
well that was
I used to not believe in phones actually
oh you didn't believe in phones didn't believe in a man didn't have him
sometimes I need to think I need to go back to that
because then I can't see that
well you don't have a phone on you right now
and we just watched it anyway
that's a bummer man
that's a bummer
guy I was wondering if he was doing a bit to be incredibly unlikable
Mr. Deputy Crow Adventures
let's check out his channel
oh wait case why
let's check out his channel
give him a chance
Deputy Crow Adventures
what if he's not a cop
what if he's just an incredibly accurate
really annoying cop simulator
oh no he's a cop
who also posts Baldur's Gate note
yeah he is a cop
wow what a surprise
well I just want to do my research
he also does hikes
great man
his DMs are filled with MAGA women
this is
this is
yeah this is like eating S-cargo
from MAGA ladies
you know that's a myth actually
if you eat too many snails
your penis will shrink
that sounds like more of a myth
rough
but man I've had to eat a lot of snails man on the road
sometimes it's all that's around
when is a snail all that's around on the road man
I can't in good conscience let you click on another one of these videos
but if for anybody who's curious
yeah he makes that kind of content
staring at a camera
talking about being a cop
really trying to move the
defund the police movement forward actually
so maybe we should thank him
yeah if you're on the side of defund the police
share that man's videos
and we might finally get their funding completely removed
okay let's
there's chardlees who I was busy getting confused by yesterday
I think we already watched some of those
oh my gosh JD Vance
well from one unlikable guy to another here's JD Vance
nice to see you
good to see you
first time here
first time here
thank you for coming
what can we do for you
let's run that back
let's run that back man damn
damn
oh
good to see you
first time here
yeah first time here
if you're missing it bottom of the screen
just a class
oh
that's a that's minus ten points from Griffin
oh
also this the thumb angle wasn't
that's not right for a handshake
he's coming in with too wide of a thumb
what was he even going for there man
it's not safe
because his thumb's too far out
sticking your thumb out that far man that's not safe man
he did flee right after
I think that was the only
sometimes you have to leave in shame
and he did I say I respect him for that but I don't
can I respect for him for gracefully fleeing in shame
give it a ten
I give it a ten let's do two more
oh man only two more man damn man
okay yeah man I'm good man
you know I don't believe in ratings
alright but I'd give it a ten
oh well then you do yeah but I don't
it's not really my thing man but
I give it a ten man
okay
the dingolings
public domain by a palette cleansing song
maybe we'll end with the dingolings
god what is this
chase out this
that's a spooky pit
I can't handle it
this is the real where I real cop kick today
cop dance kick
this isn't cops this is the military
military
let's see what this is
this is alpha six four requesting consensual
insertion of
oh wow
of the cop is being into your floating vagina
copy that alpha six four
slide it right in
oh fuck yeah I did it so tight
I've been doing teagle
that's some sky fucking humor man
you gotta get down with that man
get down with that
you ain't down with little sky fucking humor man
it's just so you're not even American man
the condom didn't deploy
yeah the condom was not spread down
didn't spread it down the shaft
the virus detected beep yeah
you know we'll lump the rating for that one in with this next one
so you can kind of combine the two
you know I found a video that I sent to this thread earlier
so we can end on my video
oh cuz you're so important
well notice cuz I
my time was limited in Papito has to sing a song
let's see
I just I spent a lot of time in After Effects
and I appreciate it when I find a fellow
aficionado of the great art
of DIY visual effects
so shout outs to um
what's his name
Richard Moorhead won
a true master
let's see what he's got
oh
oh
whoa
oh whoa man damn
get him Richard
sickening
got him
so loud
whoa holy shit
oh
damn I didn't know I'd get so fired up
whoa man I'm not usually like a guy
I'm not a violence guy man
when you see
you know
action is a
you can't help the tactile response you get from action
that shit kind of blew my fucking mind man
maybe I'm in the wrong business
maybe the real art's happening in uh After Effects
I don't know what he used
might have been MS Paint
I've been at After Effects
maybe somehow put that together in Cap Cut
there's no telling
when you're Richard Moorhead
I mean
only a bad artist blames his tools
who knows what tools
it doesn't matter what tool you had Richard Moorhead
he's making powerful action art
better than actual Marvel
I didn't say it
but I won't disagree with it
shit man I mean
I'm blowing out a ton
I'm only here when I'm here
and I'm glad I was here for that
9.32 that means the winner of the day is that bear
I mean I won't deny the bear is
the bear was a winner
the bear was a winner
and that right gorilla
you agree
yeah rock-fire grease
yeah man look at him
okay that's uh that'll do it for the web today
we'll get to more of these videos
we'll get to more of these videos next time
thanks for joining us Gruff
you have a theme to sing soon
we'll see if I'm even around dude
who knows kind of place to place man
I'm
sort of go where the wind takes me here
depending who calls me that night
needs a bed warmer you know what I mean
I am married though
depending on the state
eh coming in
gonna give me the JD grip
nope okay
alright that's all the time we got we'll see you guys soon
stay uh
what do you say stay webby
we've never said that
stay webby y'all
AP attack
thank you so what did the actual Kevin Perera show up
there's no telling which one's the real Kevin
but that could be the real one
Kevin thanks so much for the seven months
it's not an attack damn alright
send it back off the web
the more web
we webbed
I'm working on it
shit don't tell Kevin
you might think I stole his segment
but he must be in support of it because he just dropped five nasty subs
unleashing his train on us all
is it the real Kevin
Kevin thank you so much I hope you're doing well
any representation of Kevin on this stream is purely fictional other than the real one
and that's the official stance
of what I'm calling a network
Kevin isn't real he's AI
maybe that's what he wants you to think
the greatest trick Kevin ever pulled
is making you think that he's
just chat GPT
AppleDaffle thank you for the hundred bits Kevin thanks so much for stopping by
and for all the support
as we rip off
sorry as we pay homage
the Kevin's greatest segment I like to think it's Kevin
it's Kevin's intellectual property that I'm stealing
you are currently getting trained by Kevin
sorry I turned on the music but the train is currently running
the rare double train
this is what happens when I stream for over two hours it's dangerous
you know if you only check in with my stream like once every couple months
it might actually be surprising how
many things I put on screen
how many unnecessary graphics I've made over the last year
pipe train how do you feel living twice it's unusual
um
I feel good man I played a good game
uh we kept the title there
felt like we ran the plays
and um I'll probably work with it
we put in the work and we're seeing the results
are you a sports guy now
you know it's just you know you play your heart out there
uh I don't consider it's a team effort actually so I'm not taking any credit
we're doing it and uh
and the coaches happy we're happy the managers are happy
and I mean it's just a great thing
okay thanks pipe train thank you man I mean I'm gonna hit the gym but
gotta shower up and stuff but uh thank you so much
where's the train's $15 jacket
listen up jack microphone on an under just mama jam 500
shanty tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
I'm going to put Devin Panner in charge of the newly created
air stuff department
oh that's huge usually they go with some kind of Washington
insider so it's no surprise that they went with Kevin
which
what does that mean
which is feeding Pepito now
which just fed Pepito extra bits
that's crazy
I'll back if I had to thank you so much for the 500 bits somehow inspiring
twitch to give extra bits
it's a bit off
bonus bits flying all around this room
I guess thanks to twitch
uh thank you jesselyn for the hundred thanks again Kevin for the five
and also just nice to see your name pop up
hop up on this stream
which has never slandered you in any way
yeah that's your point
but but but bonus bits
hype train do I have permission to have Pepito
do the hype for you today
what
yeah that's fine
yeah let's have Pepito send us off today during this
hype train although the hype could end at any moment
what
I just don't know
are you ready to sing
are you ready to finally give the people what they crave
and make your own theme
um I don't know what that means
but I will
talk about food over any noise
okay
uh food now is the name of your track
I guess let's send it over to DJ music actually
that's the official place we go to record themes
so let's send it up to the roof for this
hype
Pepito theme food now
yes
you know what time it is y'all
it's time to get my lasers out
yeah
alright
let me change a few things
as usual my settings are all wrong
whoa
you know how we're doing this now
wow where's my goddamn lasers
get these lasers out
the hype has died
nah dude it's just starting I swear don't don't get confused
don't get it twisted now
this hype is just starting out yeah
look we're here to celebrate Pepito and his desire to eat
the flesh of the world
he wants to cut it cut him out I see the whole world into his little stomach
his little dog stomach
and first things first we gotta find him the appropriate
we'll just say beat I guess to do it over
may as well wrap that's what everybody does up here
what happens if we type in dog trap beat
what's that gonna give us
let's run through these options y'all
free looks like cases already clicked on the
this is the first time I've typed in dog trap beat
a wolf type beat
how's this one
that's pretty standard alright we'll try wolf trap beat though
that one could work
wolf
re retnic
re
nick
yeah these wigs are carefully put on that's true
I mean my real blue hair
woo
how's this one this one doesn't have a food now vibe or does it
how aggressive is it
where's the beat the beat takes a while
the beats alright alright let's try this one though
epic
beat instrumental for wolf
look at this wolf
these beats take a while to get there though
I'm not feeling that one
but trap hip hop beat wolf pack rap instrumental
could be what we need
wolf beats are a little slow that's true
what about aggressive midnight wolf beat
oh shit the Michael Myers beats
woo
oh shit
okay I think we found a winner
even if the beats with the rap beat itself
the vibes are right alright sick I like it I like it I like it
let's get the Pepito up here and then we'll drop this beat on it on y'all
joining us now on the roof
DJ Pepito
eh
there you go
that's true how Pepito
I got big up here
I'm really close to the camera as always
I get a step special second camera that makes me seem huge
you gotta rap
you gotta rap about food little man
stop the music stop the music I have a plan
what's that
um you chat you type foods into the chat
because I want food now don't do it yet
put your hand on don't do it yet
but when once I set up the recording
this is gonna be my theme
I want you to put foods in the chat
and I'm gonna rap about how I want them now
and that's how we'll do a Pepito theme
that's how a Pepito theme works DJ Music
did you know that
but that's how this track food now is meant to be recorded
I didn't know that that's beautiful do you want me to turn the smoke off
I'm eating that actually
leave it on
you want the smoke on
I want the smoke on
okay
anyway let's make sure I'm recording
otherwise I got to do it again
and that would be a bummer
okay it's working
yay
okay play it for me DJ Music spin that shit
that was a question
yeah
where's my track
I mean my fucking track
I'm getting dirty now
like in case it has to use the word fuck 30 times in any rap
here we go
where's my wolfie
oh here we go
from the heart fish cracker
you got out of here so fast damn
I didn't even know he was done
well that's food now about Pepito
he likes all types of foods
producer Susan even made a cameo that's true how you doing Susan
you want anything you want to say before you leave you are currently auto tuned
if you call open door
extra auto tuned Susan right now
is it like through auto tuned
wait you want the real auto tuned here I'll give you the I'll give you the heavy
auto tuned
I'll give you the less lazy auto tuned
mmm
I'm giving you the full thing
yeah this should be fully auto tuned now
hello hello
you want to hear
I don't want to put this on
I'll give you these then
you want to hear yourself that is fine
what
why am I so low now
well here we go
okay yeah yeah
I got to I'm setting it up for you I swear
she's so needy
I'm kidding you're not at all
oh yeah can you hear something
hello that's not auto tuned
you're a freaking liar auto tuned
can I hear the same thing I am then
it is not auto tuned
okay I guess it is kind of auto tuned
okay
kind of auto tuned
I kind of like it a lot
okay
what are we even talking about
we're talking about foods
what foods to eat
like what
gouda
okay
limber
okay
can you sing it to me
I want to eat some limber cheese
I want to eat the cheese cause I have got the need
yeah yeah yeah you don't want to sing
oh I don't sing
you can sing anything while you're auto tuned
and it'll more or less sound like a song I swear
just sing some words baby do not care
oh I'm sorry I was just listening
she's not going to sing
a goddamn thing
that's fine
okay okay chat give me a few lines
I'll turn into a song
write a paragraph
I'll try a thing
okay you want a whole paragraph from chat
yeah I want a paragraph
give me a paragraph
you want a different
yeah give me something different
I'll give you this dark sexy track
oh yeah this is a different song
this is a different one
yeah yeah yeah yeah
go over for you guys
wait just read this new story
oh okay
I feel like this is Hamilton right
it's not Hamilton it's not Hamilton
no I mean the beat is the love reading
kinda feels like Hamilton no
alright how about this beat
do you do a Hamilton impression with this
you want Hamilton now
do you do a Hamilton impression reading this
I thought you were going to sing
I don't know what to do
but all I gotta do is read these words
just read this right here whatever it's from
majority of debate watchers
that's so Hamilton
Jesus Christ I'll get you a different story
let's go to the Daily Star
no I just mean like the beat
and I just read the federal
alright
a camel toe teacher
had sex with a boy
house arrest as I'll be pics resurface
should we look at this
you want to see this whole story
oh my god no thanks
okay I'll pick a different one
oh my god I'm scared to look at the pictures
the story's way too fucked up
oh my gosh
oh wait where's the story
the rowdy kid
no that's too sad
everyone's dying in these stories
everyone's dying
oh my god that's so many dance
this is the one that's
you can read this one it's still sad
but it's fine
okay she's a bad one
how is the Daily Star
only about death
Jesus Christ
okay bring back to the sex
bring back to the sex
about the teacher
here's the story
here's the whole paragraph
okay
there's no satisfying
thank you
alright alright that's fair you don't have to do it
the kettle doesn't want to sing
so we won't make her sing at all
but we're gonna get off the stream
because this is the ending roll call
alright
let's see who else is on
here's an easy raid for us
it's for Miss Gina Darlin
oh
alright it's raid time
oh my god that's literally at
what was that paragraph
will you take a look at that pretty pathetic huh
will you
you'll never believe this
but that llama you're looking at was once a human being
and not just any human being
that guy was an emperor
a rich and powerful ball of charisma
oh yeah this is the story
well actually my story
and that's right I'm that llama
the name is Kuzco
everywhere Kuzco
I was the world's nicest guy
and every one my life
for no reason
how is that hard to believe
but look I'll tell you what right now
alright that was the paragraph that
Ken will win sing
but we read it anyway
and now we're gonna raid Gina Darlin
and do that as the last thing of the day
okay
thanks for checking out the streams
call me to funnel web pop
low diablo
deadly starship pop-up radar
but it's time to go we got
bundles sprout corpse
IT's call me Dex
and you know you are our best car
king of one race
silver uncle Phil 2k
with the stream of god damn day
but we're done now
7 and we're done thanks so much for hanging out everybody
that is all the time we have for now though
we just raided Gina Darlin
it's the secret stream
it's the secret stream
anything to say on the secret stream
okay that's it then bye