I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Not cases brother said hey is this for the sperm race is that I got a Google word. I'm ready to compete.
Hello everybody. Oh, it's Friday.
I got the chunky hair today might be haircut time for me.
Good to see you all skimer commander geb.
I am Apple Dappel propaganda. Mr. Smith case blabot.
That's me. I think
24 seven so breachy the master mod not cases brother Biden asking if he's this is where the sperm race is
for the president
former president if he wants to
He can race them right here. I won't stop them. I was hoping to read it to to stream the sperm race tonight
Not sure I'll be able to I do have some Friday things to do that aren't
Watching college kids promote
a DNA testing app through sperm racing
But as I say that out loud, I feel like a coward
and like I'm letting ever and like I'm letting tanner and
Trap Asher
I'm letting Asher and the other one down
So I don't know
You should be at the sperm race live and sleazy is right
This is a once in a lifetime event
You could eat so much sperm
Pito don't eat sperm
But taste is one of the categories
competing
Do it right now see who's as fast or yours or
Crumbs
That's not a sub goal. I'm willing to make
That's where I draw the line on sub goals
What is Papito sperm game like?
Great question
What I'm supposed to be saying in the song but I just say her name a lot
How's it going Kendall? Yeah, we're going
There's no stopping this powerful stream for it now that I'm in the middle of it
Hey, guess who have finished making Kendall stream for I finished setting up your stream
No, no
It's working fine when I was setting it up is it giving you problems again
I've pushed all the way I pulled all the wires out
Then I pushed him back in
So what could go wrong now?
Camera I the camera I can switch out in two seconds camera. I just have to
plug this in
And then plug in any camera does that camera you have have a power cord
She doesn't know it's your key. It's your camera. You don't know anyway
Just know it all she doesn't care. It is it is my problem. Damn it
Make sure the GPU is seated well. I did do this
It was in there
There's enough thermal case on the CPU paste
This guy professionally builds computers who built this computer
But he did it in a really stressful week
He did have to build it in about five minutes between um putting in drywall like actually though
I'm the tech guy, but I'm so bad at that
Did you
Reticulate the splines? Yes. That was one of the first steps
I have technically built a computer
Mostly putting chat through
Problems by doing so mostly begging
Live and sleazy and other members of the cream team to tell me how to do it
I would like and also she helped it's kind of
Cases first build and he got mad at me for me going. Okay. Now you put it in
Because I was like I'm gonna do it wrong. I just I need this computer
I was like but you need to learn that it's not that scary to put shit in
But then I did it wrong and the whole thing didn't work for like a week
We just had the cords in a different spot. We just put the cord here to there. That's true
But I was the one who did that
So did I learn a lesson? I did I did in fact learn in spite of it that you can build a computer if you have
20 people on discord plus Kendall to help you do it and just like everybody he was most scared about
PPU because of all the needles. There's so many little needles and there's a million little cords and all of it looks like it's
Like click it down, you know I
Was scared to click everything everything feels like it's gonna break and is made out of glass inside of a computer
But it's not a problem anymore because we can't afford computers anymore all the components are a bazillion dollars
So the problem solved itself I never have to get another computer again
I have to treat my current computer like a sacred item that I just sort of pray to that it continues working
Put the graphics card in very seductively next time I should
live-stream myself putting it together
And really sex it up Kendall's out of here
It's cuz I ran out. I need to make a longer song to try to keep her here longer. I don't have the AIO plugged
Yeah, I didn't have the cooling plugged in correctly
Or something like that
But now I'm on that very computer and it more or less
never breaks
although
Can it handle 20 instances of snap camera? No
What the fuck are you talking about? Don't even worry about it. I wasn't
Anyway sperm races we all check in with the sperm race today between
Tristan and Asher I think
Can't believe you don't even know who's
Who's racing? I think I remember
Although there might not be anything to check in with I'm curious if their stream is live
Maybe their stream will at least be going live around the time that I stopped streaming
The next gen of AMD CPU is going to 24 cores. Oh my god
That's up from
2 I don't think it's going from 2 to 24. Papito
It's down from a hundred
It's up from 16. Yeah
That's close
For a dog you're really close. I'm probably as close as the dog has ever been
To knowing how many cores are in the current generation of AMD processor
for sure
Okay, well, you know, there's probably news so let's do some news
Hello everyone going one button up today, but watch me do it
Oh
Now I'm professional professionally yours Jeff Ripple. Hello everyone. Hi case
Hi, Jeff. Hello
What did I do nothing? It's great to see you
This is why do you question me?
Cut my music there's gotta be news somewhere
Where is it? Where are you news?
U.S. Charges Milwaukee judge with obstructing immigration arrest in Trump crackdown
Have you heard that judging is illegal now case and yet you do it all the time?
Well, it shouldn't be it shouldn't be we own you
You say you professionally your professionally chats, but in a sense
I'm only here by the will of the chat
That's what I told my agent when he said why are you doing this job still I said the chat
Won't let me leave. Oh my gosh. How to with job job still missing for the record. Where is that piece of shit? I
Came back
Papito came back
More or less everyone's back. I don't I've no I'm the furthest away from locating job. I have no idea
Where he could be maybe he's at the bottom of that well that he says whispers to him
Probably he does mumble about that well a lot
How has no one claimed the bounty on him yet?
Put out a bounty. How much is the bounty for me saying thank you on discord? I think I see the problem now
The price is insultingly non-existent
Well, you know, I can't afford to put a real bounty on job
Aren't Leon and Salazar still missing too they sure are there is a highly complicated process to get them up and running again
That I have not
Been able to stomach engaging with just yet
You have to like create a
server and
Just call them but you have to call them through we'll say this you have to call them through a really complicated server process
That involves back-ending a bunch of things
Jeb finally joined the wood. Maybe he's dead case
Everything about that
Not really
Hmm commander get by the way. We're late on this, but thank you so much for the 26 months
Let us
Freaking race. I can't believe you didn't get me a ticket to the sperm race. I could have been a court-side
commentator
Screaming about sperm. It's how I spend a lot of my Friday nights anyway. You know what I'm saying
Yes
sperm jokes
Screaming to my wife. I want to stop
What get a bucket? You know sperm jokes
You Jeff that's not a joke. No, that joke is
It's like a eruption and I'm ruining ruining our bedroom. I've covered all the vases
Just jokes who's back there nobody's back here
Okay, well, um
Is your Euretha okay after all that no
No, it looks like looks like the tunnel from
Die hard after the flood, you know what I mean sort of like the deleted scene from Hancock. Oh, yeah, people don't talk about
Especially the source material for Hancock which for some reason I read because I got confused by the racial
Politics of that Will Smith movie and was like I'm gonna read the source material and the source material was
More explicit. He basically can't have sex or he'll blow someone in half with his come. I
Think he could win the sperm race
God, I can't believe you're not covering this more. It's all we should talk about
The source material and the deleted scenes really make it I've never seen the deleted scenes
Is there a come deleted scene? I mean that is the main thing I remember from the
Short story
Graphic novel. I can't even remember what the source material is and I read it
Really stuck with you case. I think these source material
Has less to do with race and more to do with just being a depressed Superman
Yeah, the original is kind of a it's a movie based on a porn parody basically
It's a movie based on real literatica featuring a man who can't come because it's so dangerous and that could be the story tonight
It's a dangerous world full of
speedy ropes
rope climbers
Whose rope can climb itself the fastest
You gotta read the comic again. I can't carry him ever as a short story. No, it's
It was but you know what I maybe it's maybe there is a source material
I didn't even read the source material. I read the original screenplay
What yeah, I don't know
What kind of delirious state I was in I was like I need to seek out and read the original Hancock screenplay
But I remember at the time people were like you should see the original screenplay. It's crazy
Who was saying this to me a phantom in your mind? No, you know
Probably one of my more college age friends was like you should read the screenplay the original screenplay for Hancock and it was way more
Explicit he can piss any year on it or will he blow piss right through the wall? That's the thing in the original
You'd have to like piss into space because everything he does
It's with max power
We're supposed to be talking about the slow erosion of human rights in this country case
Instead of talking about the fast blasting of superhuman sperm on many levels
Hmm. I'm making a disperlized noise at you, mr. Blackwell
I'm making them slightly displeased noise. Let me find a picture judge charged
Let me show you the judge who's charged. Let's just seamlessly transition into talking about
the potentially
Historically relevant bad things that are happening
Yeah, you know, I'm done, but I'll be the one doing the talking. Thank you very much
Are your human rights are getting fast piss blasted?
Well, let's find out just how fast though your human rights are getting a hole blown in them by the piss of this administration
US alleges that Dugan
Helped a man of eight arrest and to my left right is of course Milwaukee judge
Mmm, what's her name?
You know Milwaukee judge, what's her name in your defense? I don't think most people know knew who this was. It's Hannah
Dugan, I'm assuming
The dog is on and I mean that's Hannah Dugan US charges Milwaukee judge
Miss Hannah Dugan with obstructing immigration arrest in Trump crackdown crowd protest Dugan's arrest chance free the judge now an FBI
Director Patel delete social media posts on arrest. Who can we find the post?
Well, let's find out what's even happening first. Well, they're just gonna arrest a judge for doing judge stuff
In a criminal
That was unprofessional I apologize
What the hell Jeff in a criminal complaint the US Justice Department said Hannah Dugan a Milwaukee County circuit judge
hindered the immigration agents who showed up to arrest the man without a judicial warrant outside her courtroom on April 18th
And that she tried to help him evade arrest by allowing him to exit through a jury door
Agents arrested the man Eduardo Flores Ruiz outside the courthouse after he left with his lawyer
The Reuters chair of watch newsletter is your daily guide to the latest global trade and tariff news sign up here
Jeff you don't need to read that part, but it's in the prompter. I
Don't want to do the anchor man bit, but it's real
Well, we are getting this we are getting this story from Reuters
You know this is courtesy of writers, so that's at least good to mention courtesy of Reuters all of this news is their fault
Dugan appeared briefly at a federal court in Milwaukee to face charges of obstructing a government proceeding and
Concealing an individual to prevent arrest record show
She was released and is scheduled to enter a plea on May 15th a crowd formed outside the courthouse chanting free the judge
Free the judge now and we now go to this horrible news player. That's currently showing an ad
Well, we'll wait till the ad is done. Dang it. I want to show this ad for
insurance
We don't need to put you out through that I
Need to power you need the powers of humor today a goob a glue-bub blue blue. Did I do it? I don't think so Jeff
Well, that's my maximum power so I hit him with my best shot. Let's watch this video
US officials arrested Wisconsin judge Hannah Dugan at the courthouse where she works on Friday and
Charged her with helping a man evade immigration authorities in a criminal complaint
The Justice Department said Dugan a Milwaukee County circuit judge
Refused to turn over the man after immigration agents showed up to arrest him in her courtroom on April 18th
Mm-hmm
And that she tried to help the man evade arrest by allowing him to exit through a jury door
Her arrest as the Justice Department has directed federal prosecutors to pursue criminal cases against local government officials
Who interfere with the Trump administration's immigration crackdown a spokesperson for the FBI could not be immediately reached for comment on Friday
FBI director cash Patel in a now deleted social media post
Said the FBI had arrested Dugan for interfering with the attempted arrest of an illegal alien
She is charged with obstructing a proceeding and concealing an individual to prevent arrest
Dugan was first elected as a county judge in 2016 and before that served as head of the local branch of Catholic Charities
Which provides refugee resettlement programs among other services
Her arrest on Friday is the latest escalation of the Trump administration's fight with local government officials over
deportations
Trump launched a sweeping immigration crackdown after taking office in January
declaring a national emergency and
Surging resources in a bid to arrest and deport record numbers of immigrants in the US illegally
Well, there you have it. I'm a little confused because I'm not sure who makes things legal
I've often wondered that like who make a law. I
Think that's sort of the current crisis where in is
Traditionally, there were sort of checks and balances on power kind of basic social studies stuff that you learn
And we're sort of sort of in a moment of upheaval
I think Jeff because the Trump administration is grabbing for even more executive power, which is kind of steadily grown
Arguably over the last 30 years the scope of the executive office to the point where it seems like they can kind of run
roughshot over the entire country blah blah blah blah blah
You didn't answer my question one bit. Oh, I was trying you should have tried harder because I'm still wondering who judge dread is in this situation
Well, I okay how about this the Trump administration is trying to be judge dread and
Get rid of normal judges. Hmm. I wouldn't put it that way case because judge dreads pretty cool. So
Who are you really expecting me to side with here?
Well, what if judge dread is executing, you know, you and all the people, you know
Does he still say the above the law line? Is that him? No, he says I am the law
Does he say that you didn't even know the line Jeff?
Well, look, I'm just here to report the facts and wonder who judge dread is
Do you can love the courthouse through a side door without comment?
Well, you know that honestly that video basically read all of this
Federal authorities this week also arrested a former New Mexico judge and charged him with evidence tampering court records show
After a man who authorities allege was linked to Venezuelan Street gang was found living on his property
I actually read that sentence right, but it sounded like words were missing
Well, you know, you can't really afford to pay people to prove free their articles anymore
Darn it a criminal complaint has not yet been filed against the former judge Joel
Volcano who was barred by the state Supreme Court on Tuesday for serving as a federal judge in the state
Sitting judges rarely face criminal charges in the United States accusations of misbehavior are typically investigated by state oversight
Agencies and nine out of ten are allowed to keep their jobs according to a Reuters
review of more than 1500 such cases
Although isn't it also probably to that presidents rarely become
felons
Yeah
Yeah, that's also true
But we have one who did who was Rob Schneider in this scenario, that's an excellent question
Who's Rob Schneider?
Snot Schneider who's Rob snowing her?
Sniader well now we're both saying it wrong case. Anyway, it's Marco Rubio
Hmm is it JD Vance or Marco Rubio your JD Vance?
Rob Schneider is Marco Rubio
Rubar
Saying the names wrong is Chet's thing Jeff
I'm just saying them fun case
Malaprupism
Okay, well anyway
Might be obvious to some
But I think that's bad. Oh
Case with the deep commentary. I think that's probably a bad that we're arresting judges or
Trying to defend people who were arrested without warrants
Well the warrant came from the biggest judge of all judge president
The candy thief the bisexual foam dancer Marco Rubio
the bisexual foam dancer
Is that Rob Schneider or Marco Rubio?
You said too many names. I'm not sure who livensleezy means
Yes, Marco
He did bisexual foam dancing
Well now at least we have something to Google Marco Rubio
bisexual foam dancing
I'm not necessarily thrilled
That I just type that in
Hmm, I mean, I don't know if this is true, but that's not gonna stop me from showing it
Are these photos of Marco Rubio at a gay Miami foam party?
Well, that's not super convincing
It's just an arrow pointing at a man's head
And not the head I wanted to see why do you want to see I guess I don't actually
There are there any other
Substantiation to this bold claim
State Department officials boosted fake rumors
But Rubio sexuality and called him low IQ in sense deleted tweets. Oh
My god, would you believe that this that the independent?
Has some words about this particular story
Well, look, I can either confirm nor deny if Marco Rubio attended bisexual foam parties
All I can do is show this sense deleted tweet that we found within seconds and
say
I'm 100% convinced
What convinced you it's just more fun to think it's true
So I do that's him honestly he used to have a great
Forehead it's a really attractive forehead
What happened?
He used to be such a hot forehead and back head the back heads a little too round for me. I know like a nice
Sharp back head, you know what I mean? I like to come to a cliff
to round
What does that even mean look how sharp my back head is?
That's a classic look
Is it is it true has been to foam parties at club amnesia, but they were not gay parties
Can we judge?
Our politicians or the right of passage that is attending a foam party in Miami
Mmm, I never attended one. That's why you're not a true man case you never
Splushed around with a bunch of sweaty 22 question mark year olds
In a wet dark room in Miami
I
Was a Marco Rubio expert. I believe it. Are we no better than to not trust you live in sleazy
For a bunch of bisexuals, that's a lot of men
I mean it would have been nice if they could have just snapped the photo two seconds later when his face was fully revealed
Unless is this supposed to be him because that doesn't look a thing like him is or is this supposed to be him?
there's a lot of a
Lot of questions here, but the only answer I'm coming to was that's him
Okay
All ages you can't put age restrictions on foam parties. Well, hopefully you can put
Underage restrictions. Yes, if you're under the an age of having an age you can't go to a foam party. It was all ages
Okay, wait, is it a foam party with kids should I quickly report that Marco Rubio was at a foam party with kids
No, we might be going too far even for me in that case
Um
Club amnesia wasn't all ages club. Yeah, but they couldn't what are they?
Do they look like a 14 year old in I'm assuming what does all ages mean in the context of a club?
You should be partying with like your whole family bring the baby
Rock out at the foam booth
the
2012 Katy Perry songs at club amnesia
Teens were there. I was as a teenager. I was a teen in high school
So we're not saying the wrong thing Marco Rubio partied at an all-age
foam party club amnesia
Hmm
Yeah, but maybe he was in high school
Probably not
Though maybe how old is Marco Rubio Marco Rubio age?
53 years old
When I say I'm a Marco Rubio expert, I am a Marco Rubio expert
Do you know how old he was when he was at the teen foam party?
He's pretty old. He's 53
It just ticked up one year. We say 52. I can't remember. He's born May 28th
It's almost time for a little little Marco Rubio birthday party. Oh my god
Yes
How much did you put in withholding
What when you start a new job, how much did you put in withholding? Yeah, what's like the ideal number?
The ideal percentage
One
withholding
But I think she means how much did she withhold from each paycheck?
If a $1 seems a little low or one even one I didn't ask that correctly whatever case that
I think they're asking either thing dependence, baby
Um, I don't maybe chat doesn't don't withhold any percent extra. I
Don't know what that means. I
Think when you get a new job you can kind of declare how much money you want with help from your paycheck
For tax purposes or whatever purpose
I'm assuming tax purposes
I
Put it kind of low in the past and then I owe a bunch of money at the end of the year
It's just a way to like protect yourself from having to owe like ten grand all at once
She's not a contractor now
This is an issue. I've had at California jobs though. This is also an issue
I've had a couple of jobs. I never had this issue in Illinois
But I owed money when I worked for g4 and I was like weren't they taking money out of my paycheck?
It turns out they just weren't taking that much out
Depends on how much you are we making but ballpark 10 to 15 percent. It sounds about right
I think I usually owe
About 15% of what I make in a year also surprise. I have a new job. Oh, yeah, Kendall has a new job
Can you say what it is Kendall? No, she can't say what
You can do it on your own stream
Thanks guys. I'm trying. I'm I'm like doing the paper work right now. So I'm like trying to figure out
W2 stuff and I don't understand
that I
Don't understand
stuff
Hmm. Well, I don't I get it. I know what to do. I'm an adult
I just don't know what is like the perfect numbers for everything, you know
I think you'd have to like look up tax rates depending on how much you're making okay, and then I don't know why they
Know just calculate that for you, but
Luckily you're oh at tax time
It's generally probably better to withhold more
Than too little I can't always change it. That's true
Ask AI like don't ask chat GPT. I have a job right now where I like
What percentage and get a whole room taxes? Oh, we can find an expert do that
I have a job right now where I have to mark a bunch of videos
For like shorts and I was like maybe I can use AI with plus the transcript
If I tell it the type of short I want to make it can like
Create a list of quotes of stop and start points based on the timecode I want
This is sounds really boring and it is
But it was just like oh I can expedite how quickly how quickly I write these things just by marking the timecode and then having it sort of generate
Like the in and out points for me. Anyway, it completely made up every quote
Like I gave it quotes and then it just rephrased the quotes and made them up
I was like hey stop doing that. I was like I can't stop doing that. I love to summarize
So anyway, I wouldn't ask AI as my point. I think it's still pretty bad
I was like, you know, I'm gonna get on my Kevin brain right now and really try to AI this thing out
And I was once again disappointed
Yeah, he's kind of wonky for some reason
Not over here. We're having a great time with AI
Me and my boy looking great son. He's wild. I can't control. I can't control him
He's a wild child just like his daddy. That's how I eat a butt
I'll say that in front of your son
We're a chill family. We know how to make jokes
People don't look like you like that. No, he's shaking his head. Yes behind me
Well, I actually gave you tons of advice 15% 15%
You scared my Filipinos on away
You could just call him your son then how will I tell the difference between him and my ugly white son?
It's not a nice thing to call your other son. He knows he's not great looking
Sometimes the apple falls 20 miles from the tree
Okay, well, thanks Jeff. Did we talk about anything?
more or less
Okay, well
Look if you're a judge
Just don't do too much judging or the judgment that might find you is
You're arrested for doing judge and the judge handing down that judgment is
Any judges guess what I'm Jeff Ripple
Well, hello there everybody
Taking a brief break from my usual duties of spreading important information
His cell is our back yet. No, I'm Rick
It's okay to be excited to see me
In case anybody is
I
Don't think anybody's
Excited to see you. I'm just guessing
Okay
There seems to be a specter here usually not my department
Usually that's the department that the movie hell boys based off of that's real. No, I'm just kidding
I'm just kidding. Anyway, I work for the CIA is is the fact
Are you gonna say bit?
No, I was gonna say it's a fat. It's always been a fair
So I would know that kind of thing is my point. What are you doing? Where's my son if you work for the CIA?
um
The X files. No, it's more like hell boy
We got a guy that we got a fish guy. What are you still doing a bit?
Yeah, if there's a
There's a department for me
Then can someone get me out of this fucking wood?
um
Yeah, I'll call friend. Oh love the hate. Thank you so much for the 26 months
Where's his son?
Jeb brother of jet noggin. I can't believe they're related. Oh, you're telling me I also
Am as shocked as everyone else
Doesn't make a lick of sense to me
What is Jeb's dad's name?
Obviously, I know that
Dad
He's experiencing ectoparallax where his identity is slowly being subsumed by the object in which he's trapped
Wait, is that is that real? No, I'm you'd have to ask
The fish guy in the tank. Yeah, it's kind of his department. Anyway, I'm here apparently to learn how to do things with all of you
I'm honestly over the course of my extensive CIA training
I've learned how to do most things at a near expert level. I kind of consider myself the original AGI if you know what I mean
I don't know what that acronym means and I'm still confused by my basic existence
Okay
That's fine
There seems to be a thread here that I can just click on so this should be pretty easy
We're just gonna learn how to do some stuff with your pale Rick
Just gonna sort of scan over this material make sure it's not containing any seditious
Suggestions and it looks like we're good. How to digit
finger dance basics
Okay, this is one. I'm surprisingly not familiar with but I bet I can learn it pretty quickly. Let's find out what's up
Okay, there is no sound
Currently it's up. All right. So let's talk about one at a time first thing you gotta know is the finger just one at a time going
Okay, so how are we gonna practice that? Here? We're gonna show you how so you're gonna put both your hand out like this
All right one of timing here
here
well
Sometime you might have problem going like this because you might move this finger and every thing start to move
That's normal. So if you have that kind of problem
Try to like put the finger underneath or over or kind of tighten up the section that you have a problem with
The people that have a problem right now doing this, you know what I'm talking about
The people you don't really have that problem. You never know. It's a camera trick. The hands might be huge
So here we go. Let's do it again. We're gonna go down
this finger
Here we go
This one just take a time patient. Follow me. I can do that. No problem
I've got incredible finger control
Slow just take a time don't worry about it. Don't think about
Watching and follow. Oh my delirium tremors are gonna act up. I'm not careful. Oh, I don't even need to do that
I just prove that again
What the hell that's so fast. God damn it
I
Come at you do a baby fingers
I'm doing I'll do it on I'm doing it. I can't
Once you can do it at this speed Jesus
That means you can move on to the next level until you do like that. I mean like now
Do not move on to the next level keep doing this
It's gonna take a little bit time some take longer than other
Take a time patient
The arthritis is too much
for years
Stensive combat training my hands are basically knives. I can't get flopping around
Now we're gonna move on to the next section
Go in here. What the f here?
Yeah, yeah, closing in so this is ridiculous
This is supposed to be funny. I'm not meant to be impressed by this
Doubling the speed
What is the end game I need to see I don't understand I don't even know what I'm working towards
You're not teaching me right. This is your fault
Once you get the first part like this one should be us challenging
This way this way this way this way
This is the end game
Oh totally coming in totally
He's digit dancing
Okay
I
Down what is the outward I need to see this in action
So don't move on to you know outward and what okay
Basic one and a time finger foundation. All right
Whatever that sucked you couldn't do that at all
Can you?
Can you do it the noise today is crazy?
Yeah, I can do a check this up. I just squirted ectoplasm everywhere. I couldn't tell
Stop doing that to my voice. Sorry. Sometimes I accidentally spread my ghost voice to other people
I
When does he finger dance popping dance Academy show me your finger moves? I
Just want to see how you finger bro. This sucks
popping dance Academy fingers
finger dance
digits finger basic dance beat
action of digit
So basically once you know the foundation
I really want you to practice practice practice you should be better than me and
No time it depends how much you practice so
Also known digit
There's a benefit for your waveings for your any kind of dance that your hands could be so steady and so in control
It's really good for animation style good for waving tutting. You know I'm saying
I'm gonna dance style that it's gonna be beneficial once you know the digit dance. He's hard limbs
So tentacles this DVD we're gonna show you tons of those
This is a DVD do it and mainly this DVD to show you foundation and we're not gonna spoil all your imagination
We still gonna keep your imagination intact. No, I gave up my imagination a long time ago
I am a practical realistic man who refuses to entertain fanciful thoughts of any kind
Just a deep state CIA agent currently working for a twitch streamer
To spread government propaganda
That does sound super made up
Sometimes the craziest things sound made up
You know
Yes, okay, let's see what else we got
mmm
How to
Relax your jaw in only two minutes
Good luck. My jaw constantly maintains attention that could
Crack three walnuts at once
So good luck loosening up this jaw
My jaw is classified as a deadly weapon. So that's how you know what I'm talking. It's dangerous
Let's see what she's got for us ever feel like you're clenching your jaw really tight
I just can't seem to relax it and I wouldn't want to be your a teeth grinder at night
You just have a lot of stress. Maybe you have a little TMJ disorder
So what do we do for a little quick fix?
Warm up your hands
Put them on either sides of your head
Your jaw muscles actually go all the way up there
Take a deep breath and then start
Sliding the hands just down the sides of the face
down the jaw and as you slide
Let the bottom
Just fall open
Like you're saying
Hopefully no one's watching you do this as they are watching me
Just let it fall all the way down
Relax the tongue
See if you can just let the bottom
Dangle as if just dangling from its hinge
All the way down and when you're there it helps to give your tongue a little massage
So if you just go right under the bone
Right behind the jawbone there and you just do a little gentle with the thumbs just really little
Just warm up the tongue
And just take a deep breath
Relax me at all
My jaw feels as tight as ever
Sorry
Some of us refuse
That's why I keep watching you tight
Thanks for all that
You doing okay?
Never read the third one
I'll watch the next video
Let's watch the next video
Possessed by Vigo
I loosened 1%
Max
Maximum
I have full jaw control at all times
Everything was intentional
How do I find a lost or missing person?
Okay, I should be able to offer a few tips here if this guy doesn't know what's up
Let's get into it
How do I find a lost or missing person?
Every day we get calls of people requesting us
I'm such a pro I think we should watch this at two times speed
First thing is to differentiate between these two
The most simple investigation is a locate
Maybe you want to contact an old friend you lost touch with
Someone moved away and you don't have their updated information
A lost lover from the past, an old college friend
Basically need to find out where they are now
Get their new contact information and provide that to a client
We wouldn't categorize this as a missing person's investigation
You as an individual may be able to investigate or locate somebody yourself
Nowadays with the internet and all this social media
A lot of times it's easy to reconnect with old people
There's a lot of public information and a lot of things online
When it comes to a missing person's investigation
This is a lot more complex and more detailed investigation
I strongly recommend if there is a missing person's investigation
Or you believe someone's missing is not to take matters into your own hands
Basically we need to determine whether this is on their suspicious circumstances
Or not do we believe or hypothesize that they left on their own if we will
Or is there a cause or a stress that causes them to disappear or leave
You need a senior investigator that knows how to conduct
And utilize the proper steps
Many of the clients who hire us have family members that have left on their own
Or disappeared and are suffering from mental disorder
He's not telling us how
Having a detailed consultation with a client to ask questions and determine what may have been
Scope to four minutes then
How did this person get around?
Are they in a car? Are they using mass transit?
I will say that they say big brother was watching
And that is true but now I say to everybody
We have cameras on our cell phones, the security of cameras on people's houses
And buildings and all public places
Now he's an advisor for ICE
Where the person might have been last and build a timeline
Is a very important and missing person's investigation
Utilizing police, contacts and informants are also part of the missing person's case
The police may be investigating a missing person's case
I don't know if they're this thorough honestly
The case that they looked into or case they have looked on much
That guy's name start with a J that you pronounce like an H
Let's arrest him
Let's just artificial policy
So if we are out there actively investigating
And putting time and effort to try to find him
Yes, the public can be beneficial in certain missing person cases
But we do have to be careful because a lot of times
We're clients coming to us with a lost family member or a missing person
Yeah that's pretty good
If you're a beginner
A little more advanced than that so
Talk quite up to my speed
Okay how do you find my missing psychotic son?
Well the biggest step he left out
Is the number one way to find someone online
Is to find a Snapchat filter that looks like them
If you can get a lead on a Snapchat filter
That makes someone else's face look roughly like the face of the person who's missing
Then you're basically set
You can find almost anyone
So you know
Why is that the advice everyone keeps giving me?
And also why doesn't anyone care that I'm dead and I'm in the wood
Oh my god I'm dead and I'm in the wood
You just noticed that?
Unless your kid is in those books
You're never gonna find them
Not if you can't find a Snapchat filter that looks like the missing person
Let's do one more
How to squirt
Doesn't supply to men
Because obviously
All of us know how to do it for the ladies
You know what I'm saying
Honestly not all women can or necessarily want to
It's possible all women could
But it's really more of a mental game than anything
They have to be in a comfortable place
No it's about accuracy
And pressure points
Incorrect ghost dad
This is a 13
13 minute video
CV loves you
Thank you for the 22 months
Because once again we're all experts in this
Like CV loves you
Dropping the 22 months
All of us know how to
Blast off the water rocket
You know what I mean
It's a horrible way to put it
Anyway we'll watch it at two times speed
And also let me do a
Brief scan for government compliance
Make sure there isn't any
Full up close vagina shots
How did there's not
It's the worst when you're trying to sensor something
And there's nothing exciting to sensor
You know what I mean
Again not really
This guy's not any fun
Okay let's see what we got here
Can I be one three?
Can I learn how to do it?
Can I make my partner's word?
Well in this video I'm going to answer all your questions
You can learn how to square or make your partner's word
I'm Anissa Kago, a sex and intimate coach
And if you want to experience orgasmic sex and passion and relationship
Well you are the right place
If you can tell out to this video it really helps me
And don't forget to subscribe to the channel
If you want to learn more about conscious sexuality, tantric sex and passion
I'm a society absolutely down to a lot of stuff
Is it pee, dust and sex, can everyone do it
What, what is this?
I feel like I'm going to pee
Yes please
Oh
It's not pee
Okay okay okay, it's not pee
How do we do it
Step one pee
Wait a minute
This girl just love talking about pee
Step one pee
Step two get turned on
What if step one
What if withholding step one is what accomplishes
Step two for you
That's a very common problem
You get turned on by withholding piss
I'm just saying it's not that unusual
I guess we'll hear her out
Step one pee
If you don't feel self conscious about it
Or you might be thinking oh my god what if I'm gonna be needing to pee
Or what if this is pee
Just go before you start and empty your bladder
So you will not give any energy to those additives
Just empty it for free
Without even having to beg to be allowed
Are you even having sex at that point?
You know
What I mean
You just say that after everything
Just checking in with you
I mean you are a ghost in wood
Okay get turned on
Let's see how she does it
But two is get yourself turned on
Oh yes the female prostitute is made of redacted tissue
It's quite important that your body feels open, alive and then feel turned on
It's gonna be impossible to script without being a party come out
So get yourself
This thing can acclimatize even here
Jesus
I was feeling a little quite famic
Thank you so much for that tasty milk
It's very thick
Think that's a loo
Or a lotion
I think it's a lotion
I'm being attacked
I'm being attacked Mr. President
I'm gonna take you to my location
We need an airdrop
We're trying to learn how to squirt
How am I supposed to do that
With this hype train blasting off
Just know that there is a hype train going on
Courtesy of skimer with a hundred bits
CV loves you again for the 22 months
And Apple Dappel with a hundred bits
I think launching a panther attack
At a government official
Which I will let slide
Just this once
And also skimer
Feeding me delicious
Really thick and
Odd tasting milk
Taste that I'll give it to you
Taste that I think it might have been oat milk or something
It literally said add your lotion
And squirt it out like lotion
We're trying to learn how to squirt
Can we focus up
Afternoon touch your body
Touch your glitters
I've seen it do worse
Wait get steamy how to live in juicy
Now she's talking
If you want to learn more about the G-spot
Which is part of the film across it
Don't miss my video on the truth of the G-spot
The link below
Well in Sun Street
Magina Volva is called Yoni
Such a better name I really like it
So before you enter your sacred temple
Make sure that you're very eternal
Make sure that you can't wait any longer
To see something inside
And that's where we insert your finger
To start with I would suggest that you use a finger
Your sacred temple
Now it's time to locate the area where the squirting is coming from
Find the spot
So the film across it is located on the upper wall of the botanist
As you insert the fingers just curl them up
And it's a lot of few centimeters
And it includes the G-spot and the A-spot
So if you can touch on those areas
Which are quite spongy and some parts might be a bit more rough texture
Like how the rough texture
Then you're in five minutes
So if you're massaging yourself you insert them
You curl your fingers up
And you're actually touching the upper wall
One thumbs up for me man
First of all start gently
So we don't want to start like this
That's how we do it
Like we're gripping little flowers
Wait a minute what's she doing
So we're intense and strong from the start
Oh my god you'll see that again
So we're intense and strong from the start
That doesn't feel good unless you're so turned on
That you're really down for it
So my boss will be to start gently
Okay
You can move sideways
The other way you can pull side
You can do a mix of them
And then do the double touch
So with one hand play with your rule valve
With your nipple, with your mouth, whatever turns you on
And with the other hand keep massaging the area
In this way your brain will start to link G-spot with pleasure
Because sometimes if we have not included our G-spot
In our self pleasure, love making and massage
That spot might not feel so sensitive
Like training an animal
And that's how we feel it up
So we started gently right
And now we want to bring a little bit more momentum
What?
But you want to start to build the momentum and intensity
Just vibe it out
You haven't played with your G-spot that much
It might be that to get to this phase you will need to wait a little bit
This is the most replayed section
It's about pushing and relaxing
So the pelvic floor muscle is quite important part of the sweating
As this fluid gets built up, as you're touching it
You're building momentum, you're building arousal
I got it
It's like you're prairie dogging and shit
But with your vagina
I think that pretty much covers it
I'm gonna go down a limb and suggest that that doesn't cover it
Rick
I bet I could do it right now
It's for women
I'm not judging
If you are a female
No, I'm a man
I bet I could power through it
Watch this
I need some music for this actually
Okay, well
That took me out of it
But I did shit my pants
I took the prairie dogging thing a little too far
Fully have shit my pants
So it's probably time for me to go
Jesus Christ, you are the worst one yet
Wasn't Jake here at one point?
No, I don't know who that is actually
God damn it, alright
Well, I'm gonna go clean up
This is all redacted
This whole segment's redacted so
Any copies of this that are distributed at any point
In any country
Follow the jurisdiction of Rick
And you will be prosecuted by a judge from prison
A arrested judge selected by me
And with that, stay safe
And stay very minorly informed
Just enough to confuse you
Bye bye
Welcome back to the Winner's Club
Sorry, I'm using my demon voice there for a second
A state that I can enter at will
Unlike certain cowardly anime characters
Like Inuyasha, I can enter my demon state at will
And unlike the man next to me
Who permanently stays in a demon state
But the unimpressive shitty con
The little kind of scrappy demons like
Enlabyrinth, the little shitty ones
That hang out next to the sexy guy
Anyway, he sucks, he's crummy, he's here
You forget the name of David Bowie?
No, I call him his God-given name
Sexy guy
Usual winding and pointless intro
From an idiot who I am cursed to sit next to
Great to see you, munch
Why even say it if you don't mean it?
I mean every word I say, that's why I curse you
That's why I wish nothing but grave dirt
And moths upon you
Grave dirt and moths?
I want you to rot, like old curtains in an attic
But underground
Shut up, crumb, listen to what he's saying
The metaphor is so confusing, an attic that's underground
Rotting like a curtain, just pick a lane
Munch with your insults
For instance, you're a buffoon
See?
Mine was way better, yours lacks imagination
You just don't get anything
You don't understand
Those guys in labyrinth that could
Take off their heads were creepy as fuck
Yeah, if I'm that kind of demon
I guess that means I'm popping off my head so much
That I'm in your head
I'm in your head, munch
You know, if you're in my head, then I have a tumor
And you need to pay me, you need to pay my medical bills
If you are the tumor that is in my brain
Then I think you owe me even more money
Seeing as I've been giving you
Literally already, what, $7,000, $65,000
And this is how you talk to me?
But with all sorts of caveats
I earned my $5,000 by agreeing to your ridiculous terms
The terms of just do a debate
The thing you were already going to do anyway
You know, if you think about it
I'm probably the most important person in your life
And the person who has helped you
Literally the most
And this is how you talk to me
Well, look, if I haven't really been appropriately
Thankful for the aid that you've offered
I do sincerely appreciate it
I often get carried away by kind of the premise of this show
Which pits us as enemies
But in a very real sense you have shown that
Shut the fuck up
God, you suck, I wish that you were mashed potatoes
So I could tell the waiter to send you back
Hey, these mashed potatoes are a sad, pathetic, 58-year-old man
I actually asked for mashed potatoes
Could you take this man out back and kill him?
Is what I wish I could say to you
You just said that to me
In the middle of me trying to connect with you
And once again the metaphor was very confusing
God, we weren't even called in today
What are we even debating?
I don't know
Much as the woman in this relationship
Yeah
I don't even know what it means
But yeah, because I know it'll bother you
I'm in touch with my raw femininity
The power of Mother Earth rages through me
My feminine essence is nearly as strong as my male
But in the conservative way I mean all of that
What?
Look, debate JD Vancer Case, killed the Pope
Great question
It's not a question, it's an either or
Which is inherently a question
And it was Case
Case, though looking like JD Vancer
Is not JD Vancer
And the very nature of this question
Is creating a delineation between the two
So if he's not JD Vancer, then how did he kill the Pope?
Great question, but he did
And actually who you think killed the Pope
Was overturning Roe v Wade
Which you want to do
That makes even less sense in this context
Stop making me, that's not even the request
What killed the Pope is you overturning Roe v Wade
There's just, I can't even, there's just no connection there much
Can you just give me anything else?
Can you say Ninja Turtle killed the Pope?
I can talk about anything
Well you shouldn't have overturned Roe v Wade and killed the Pope
I think it was Case
He was a progressive Pope, that's a great
That's a great point
That's the debate, I get to pick your side
No chat gives us the side, you get to know
Well in this case we weren't called with channel points
So I get to arbitrate anything
Thank you
A great way to put it, Case is JD Vancer
And thus, obviously one of them killed the Pope
And one of them is them
Because they look the fucking same
You look like JD Vancer with grey hair
No
No, I have incredible
Powerful hair that I allow
Through willpower to be grey
It's constantly trying to be blonde
And I have to through sheer force
Of biological will
Like a fucking Bakke the Graffler character
Please don't constantly bring up Bakke the Graffler
Like a Bakke the Graffler character
I control my hair at a cellular level
And force it to be grey
So that I have more gravitas
And that I don't make all men
Inherently even more uncomfortable around my Ramachismo
With my perfect but grey hair
Turned down just enough
So that people aren't blinded by the glory of my life
Anyway, JD Vance and Case killed the Pope
They're the same fucking person and they did it
So why did you kill the Pope though
With Roe v. Wade which you overturned
Well, cause I didn't know
You have to accept the premise as I stated
That it's part of the agreement or you get no money
I owe a gorilla money
Which is why I have to do this for the record
We didn't explain that this time
Umm
You know, okay
I'm a Christian but not a Catholic
Umm
And so I don't believe in Roman Popery
In this scenario that I have to accept
And as this Pope was slightly more liberal
Although
That's a very low bar to clear
I knew that it would really get to him
If Roe v. Wade was overturned in the United States
And so I cooperated with Republican law makers
Umm and various conservative Supreme Court judges
To overtime, undermined from my Democratic position
Umm the basic guardrails of democracy
To the point where it could easily be overturned
Despite it being wildly unpopular with the majority of people
And political suicide for potentially the entire party
And that killed the Pope
Fucking God, I won
Yes
Worth it
I knew I was making a good point
Despite having to come from deep underground
In a very roundabout way
I still out-dominated you
It's the dilemma I put myself in
Is by me giving you
The one that you have to defend
I just inherently give you the right answer
Because every time I touch turns to gold
So like I'm starting to understand that like
I basically have given you the only out to victory
By involving myself in your thought process
I have upped your game so intensely
That you keep winning
You give me the dumbest thing to defend
Every time
And I still knock it on the park
Like Sammy Sosa riding a fucking needle to heaven baby
I shouldn't have said that
I shouldn't have said that
It'll come back to haunt you
You think money alone will satiate this gorilla?
Look at him
I don't have enough lyrics to fill this
Is this the bridge?
You think he's motivated purely by money
You're crumb-elievable
But maybe the only reason he hasn't killed you
Hasn't devoured you, broken you to bits
Torn all your skin off
Is he knows he can get the money out of you
And then once he's milked you
Like an aging and disgusting cow
Whose udders produce not but dust and moss
What is with you and moss today?
He knows once he's fucking milked you dry
And you're just sputtering out grave dust and moss
From your desiccated udders
That is when he will strike pounding you
Into even more grave dust and moss
Crumb is the white Sammy Sosa?
I'll take that, that's a huge compliment
One of the greatest big-spot words of all time
Crumb loyalists
No, they're loyal to my ideas
I think actually Ray Silva, though
I appreciate you as a bunch loyalist
I think it's just, again, cause I've touched it
People are getting confused
They're basically voted for me on both sides
And it obviously...
That means I basically got 100% of the votes
Crumb is a hairless JD Vance
What would he look like without hair?
I don't love to use...
I don't love to use AI
But this seems like a pretty good use of it
JD Vance face
Okay
Here's JD Vance's face
Let's show this show off
Why are you making a show off?
Our beautiful vice president
Who's of course looking great
Well, he looks horrendous as usual, but...
I'm unsurprised by your disturbing opinion
How do I get this to be full-size?
Facebook!
Oh my god, this is real?
This is what he really looks like?
Jesus, okay
So now we copy this image
And...
Let's go over to chat GPT
And I will paste it in here
And say
Remove all hair from this man
Head...
Eyebrows...
Beard...
Well, no, just...
Remove the hair...
If you want to see who looks like me
Remove the hair and beard from this man
Make him bald and beardless
Not like a baby, just like a man
Who wasn't gifted
With an overabundance of hairs
And it is...
Currently
Going to town on that little...
Concept there
If we can show that off
What the fuck?
This is taking so much... Why are you doing this?
We're fucking... We get out of here after the debate
You piece of shit
Will this get us arrested?
I've already called the police
Called them so many times
But, you know, like all these conservatives are saying
Unfortunately, Crumb is protected by
A bunch of activist judges
That refuse to have him executed
You mean by the basic
Human decency of when you call someone and say
Hey, there's a bald guy that I hate
Can you kill him? A cop says, I can't do that?
I mean, they've considered it for sure
They're gonna come around eventually
Oh, God
This doesn't look a goddamn thing like him
What?
Okay, I... You know
I'm so disappointed
In AI
Why did it give him so much stronger of a chin?
He's a totally different man
We're gonna try one more time
That looks
Nothing like the original photo
Please
Maintain
The same face
Just remove
The hair and beard
It should still look
Like the same man
Here's the reference photo again
Okay, surely it can't mess this up this time
That is
Hmm, I would vote... This is a commanding
This is a commanding look
This is the kind of face that people would love to vote for
Not like this face
This is the face of a politician
That commands respect
So I can see it
Started nudging it more towards my face, actually
You think you look like that guy? You think you look like
The most generic version of a hitman character ever?
Sure, I mean, when I saw the movie Hitman
I saw that he was going bald
I was like, I kinda did relate to that
Even if I don't relate to the violence
That looks like how Crumb sees himself in dreams
No, I mean, it does look a bit like me
I'll give you that
No, they said in dreams
This is the fantasy
This is the best you can imagine yourself looking
And look at how it looks
I think it looks hot
I think it looks... I think I might have to download this, actually
It really did come out looking quite a bit like me
I don't love the source of the image, obviously
I don't like that it's from AI
And I don't like that JD Vanjvers involved at all
But that 100% looks more or less exactly like me
It even has blue eyes
Which you simply do not
It is generating... This is why
We need to invest $500 billion more in AI
Because this is just so disappointing
This seems like it should be such a simple request
Okay, how about this?
We're just gonna go to chat GPT one more time
And just say, please generate an image of Vice President JD Vance
But Balden without a beard
And we'll just see if it'll do that
Will it do that for us?
Is it gonna get all testy and be like
I can't generate pictures of people because I'm a little baby machine
Who needs $500 billion more?
Oops, it looks like it's doing it, actually
Okay, so it's not going off a reference photo in this case
It's Jess trying to generate an image of JD Vance
From Internet memory
It's the same goddamn guy
How does it not know what JD Vance looks like?
There's so many pictures of JD Vance on the Internet
I think I see the problem here
We gotta go to GROC AI
We gotta go to GROC.com
The only AI that I support
Jesus Christ, that also doesn't really have any limitations
on using copyrighted figures or faces
By that I mean just the faces of actual people
Please generate an image of Vice President JD Vance
But without any hair or a beard
He's Bald and doesn't have a beard
Alright GROC, show us what you got
Please confirm your age
I'm an ancient, restricted
No, it stopped me
Oh, I accidentally said I'm not 18
Oh, I gotta type that shit again
This sucks
This sucks ass
Wait a minute
Now I'm committed to this
Wasted all of our time with your terrible idea
Restricted, based on the information you provided
It thinks I'm too young
I started a new chat
Stop restricting me
Restricted, no, but I'm old
I'm so goddamn old
This is the worst day of my life
You've done this to us
What did I do?
Okay, wait
Maybe we can sign into a different account
And remove the age restriction
Okay, good, I'm in
Oh, somebody's coming
Oh, shit
About an hour and a half
That candle fucking lit
Why?
Is that?
I'm being requested to mute for just a second
I'm gonna play the song though
Shit
That candle fucking lit
That candle fucking lit
Got a vibe so wild
She had a job update that you're not allowed to hear
Okay, look, this is a total failure
This is a system failure
This is an unduable task
Wow, your little pet project grok
Also failed to generate JD Vance
Without a beard or hair
Somebody just put the Snapchat filter on JD Vance
I've heard there's a Snapchat filter
That removes people's hair and beards
No, that's not a thing
You stupid fucking idiot
You don't even know anything about anything
Secrets, yes
Why did she whisper it just to you?
Because you're not allowed to know
You tell everybody all the secrets all the time
You can't keep a single goddamn secret for two seconds
That's Bruce Willis
I'll tell you what, it's not JD Vance without a beard
Yeah, you are
That means you're JD Vance with a beard
Because we look a bit alike
We don't look anything alike
Never say that again
And never come back
Because the show's over forever
Give it up for me
For quitting
I quit forever
So, bye
Oh no, you don't
You admit that you don't
Nah, fine, I don't
But you're lucky that it's the only thing I've ever said that I didn't mean
Because you deserve to be alone
And someday you will be
But until then I'll be right here
And saying all the best stuff ever that anyone's ever said
Just like Aliou and Chat
And we'll see you soon, bye bye
Oh Chat, you called it
How did you know? It's me, Lilio Brethrenschmelt
You know, I don't use... I can only have so many people I use
Oh, thank you, Card King
It's been good to see you as well
And now we do the speed news
Speed news, all the news
That's what I'm calling it
All the news ever
Feels good to finally cover every piece of news that's ever occurred
Okay, I don't think we quite have time for that
Maybe we can just do the news that's been shared in the discord
Specifically over the last day or two
Okay, I guess we could scale back to that
If you're feeling like a coward today
Are you? Yes, okay, good to know
Alright, lots of news to get through
And I didn't open it up beforehand
Whoopsie daisy, I go
Whoopsie, I did an oopsie
$100, oopsie
Made me poopsie
That's how the song goes
I don't listen to the radio that often, so
I'm opening a million stories right now
So many good things have been shared
At the Krim.Team
In the Bean Thread
If you like the news and want to share it
Put it in here
And I'll click on it and then we'll read it
Probably not really read it, but we'll read the headline
And then we'll read it
And then we'll read it
And then we'll read it
Probably not really read it, but we'll read the headline
And then I'll give you a really good opinion about it
Mmm, you'll give AN opinion about it
Correct
Oh my god, there's so much news to click on
I've got to actually go quickly today
Bone collector caterpillars
What the hell?
Parasol sex toys
It's all too good not to click on
Okay, I think we got that
But now I have to go through the painful process of turning off
Ad blocker on individual stories
But that's fine, we'll just do that
As we get to them
Because our top story is already ready
Not this one, not the actual news
Lose an argument or jump out a window
Boyfriend chooses option B
Let's see it in auction
No, don't do it
No, I love you
No, I love you
Sorry, I provided, they didn't have the subtitles so
I'll just, I'll react, I'll let me reenact that for you one more time
I fucking love you, how could you do this to me?
I don't even want to be, you're killing me
I'm gonna kill myself, no I love you, I love you so much
No, I'm gonna kill myself
Oh, that's probably what happened
Hey, wait, you forgot your shoe
That's what she says at the end there
Hey, you forgot your shoe
Boom, but unfortunately
Despite his best efforts
To dramatically die
He forgot that he was on the first floor
But I'm guessing
Probably fucked himself up nonetheless
It's not quite like in the movies where you can just smash through glass with no cuts
Most of the time
Was the argument, can you make it through the window in one go?
If it was
That's one instance where unfortunately, ladies
It's really hard
To still claim you won the argument
You can still find a way, obviously you're still correct, but
When they do break through the window in one go
It's tricky to tell them that they didn't
No, I'm sure you could find a way, oh I could absolutely find a way
He is still wrong
You'll never be right
Know that
Man, give up
You're literally always wrong
I've accepted that
One of the few smart decisions you've made, case
Nexus
I hit the wrong button, there we go
Nexus mods decide to allow an oblivion
Wait, what is the debate here even?
I'm confused which side of the culture war this is even on
Umm
It's an oblivion mod that changes body type
Options to male-female
Uhh
I don't know what the original oblivion is like
Are people mad that
You could give a male character a female body
I don't even understand, I'm sure
Somebody's mad
Someone is indeed mad
One of the very small changes in oblivion remastered
Is a switch in the character creator from male and female bodies
As it was an original body type 1 and body type 2
It's the sort of thing that would likely go entirely unnoticed
Not for the distressingly predictable explosion of outrage
From the usual corners of twerksick gamers
And in short order the creation of a mod
That brought back the original male-female body type options
Oh, okay
So instead of the body types being labelled as male-female
They were labelled as body type 1
Or body type 2
Though I would argue
If body type 2 looks female
And body type 2 looks male
And you can't tell which is which
Isn't that sort of an argument for
Gender being a construct?
You mean because you can't tell?
I'm just saying, if you can't discern which is which
From body type 1 and body type 2
Well maybe the genders are just in your mind
Hmm
You're at that screen for like 2 seconds
You're rather by that, I gotta side-eye you
I'm so confused by what even is the change still
That I'm assuming it's like the anti-woke gamers
That are mad that they couldn't
That it wasn't labelled as male-female
Which I just don't...
How do they make the time to care about this shit?
It's an oblivion mod?
Well I guess the mod, the Nexus mod
Has either gone woke or unwoke
Either, well not either way
Really in one direction I'm bothered
But in all directions I am struggling to care about the oblivion mod
Yeah I guess...
They need content for their podcast
They're like what the hell about something?
There's not enough things to be mad about nowadays
I always say that
I don't think I've ever heard you say that
You've never said that actually
Golden moles, small, blind, burrowing mammals from Southern Africa
Are more closely related to odd-vox manatees and elephants
Than to true moles
Which isn't the headline
I'm just giving you some context
Because a male's penis may be all that a female has to go on
When assessing the quality of a suitor
And I read the first part because this is about moles
It's only about moles, Kay, don't worry
I know that human women don't only judge penis
Because how could they even, they usually don't get to see it and tell
Frankly it's too late
It's a distressing way to put that case
I didn't mean it that way
Pretty unpleasant way to put that I've got to say
I can see that now
One feature that is more mole than elephant like
Is the size of their penises
Which on average for these moles is just a couple of millimeters long
You're relating to this story yet, Kay?
No
It's too late, it's too late, Kay
It's too late for you not to relate to it
And to take back the other thing you said
Biologists have found that some male hotentot golden moles
Amblesomus hotentus are far better endowed than others
They're working with seven or eight millimeters
Whereas some unfortunate moles
They're barely making it to six, Kay, you know what I mean?
No, I don't know what you mean
Someone play the curb, your enthusiasm, music
I'm not going to look that up for you
Alright, anyway
They're blind
So they pretty much have to do the blind taste test
You know what I mean?
Sometimes you realize you're tasting a lot more mole
Than you expected
And that's a keeper
We can say hotentot again, hotentot
Biologist, it's a profession and a new presidential advisor
Oh yeah, and I think a former Illinois governor
Okay, streaming news, Kay, get excited
It's your fellow streamers
Online streamer busted for carving
Kick.com into historic Grand Canyon landmark
I'm sure this is good, is there a video?
Well, at least he didn't carve it into the whole thing
Horse shoe bend is described by local tourism authorities
As a mesmerizing geological wonder
That showcases the incredible forces of nature at work
And one of those incredible forces of nature turns out
Kick.com, dumb
A little bit dumb probably
On his kick channel, NGO Bio invites viewers
To dive into the world of RL streaming with me
As I navigate car life in my trusty Prius
Alright, he might not be able to drive that Prius
If he's arrested for defacing national monuments
Well, where did I need a video?
Need a video or at least a picture
In order to judge this
There's no picture?
I don't get to see the vandalizing?
What's even the fucking point of reading the news?
Great question
Horse shoe bend, blah blah blah
No picture, well just know somewhere
On this massive rock
It says kick.com I'm assuming
If it's, if he just carved into a giant rock
That seems a little, that seems a little
Extreme to be too mad at him if it's like that size
It's still a pretty rock
If you really want, I don't think kick deserves
A build board space even on a rock of this size
Okay, when you put it like that you might be right
The crude graffiti measured 36 inches long
By six inches tall and was dug into the soft stone
By as much as a quarter inch
It says the affidavit which was unsealed on Thursday
It will erode off, but the sting of knowing
That kick.com was promoted by that rock
Will haunt clamors for centuries
It might
Asmongold
Oh, this story
Well actually I don't even know what this story is
But I know it's an Asmongold's face
It's your favorite former employer slash streamer
Case Asmongold
And everyone's famous streamer as apparently
He's the most watched North American streamer ever
Congrats
Content is king
The king of content, what can you do?
Maybe Muscle Draw a big X logo on the face of the moon
Y'all just crash off rockets into it by accident in a certain order
Twitch star Asmongold is North America's most watched streamer so far in 2025
Beating out Quarsanaut, Ashasplied, Maintain the Tatmian
All of them are doing better than you guys
Well I am relieved that I don't have to be Asmongold
Or have most of his audience, a lot of them
I'd prefer not to interact with honestly
Wow, gatekeeping your own stream
I think they're doing fine without me
Well I don't think they're doing fine without me
I don't think they're doing fine
But I think I'm doing fine without them
Hey, where are degenerates to?
You're the degenerates that I want to have
Watch me
You're the degenerates who showed up
I'm not the degenerate that's stepped up
I'm the degenerate that showed
That doesn't work, Case
Anyway
Asmongold takes over Twitch viewership with impressive viewership stats
Most watched streamers, 26.22 million
Over 274 hours of airtime goes to
274, wow
Wait, he was live for 567 hours total
Which is significantly more than SNAT who was only live for 274 hours, Case
What are you pushing now?
2 hours?
No, I do like 4 hours a week on average
With occasional full week breaks
Let's see, I probably stream in a year
I would stream almost 200, potentially over 200 hours
If I do 2 hours, if I do 4 hours a week
Wow, that is still a fair amount of time to dedicate to a thing
I just think the amount of people that, or the amount that most streamers stream is
Probably a little unhealthy for their little old streamer brains
And mine's one of the little streamer brains of all
I can't be doing too much streaming
Well, I don't think you need to worry about hitting these numbers anyway
24 hour workout stream win
See, that's a fitness challenge at that point
Now I'm making gains while streaming
No one in the top 10 was live longer than Tim the Tatman though
Riding the high of Marvel rivals, he streamed a whopping 1,002 hours
Over what period of time?
Stream chat was already about 26.2 million hours of content watched so far
Oh, 26.2 million hours of content watched
And this is just so far in 2025
So, you know, within 4 months they've already streamed
Significantly more than you would stream in an entire year
Are you feeling slightly shown up?
Maybe like you were by those moles?
Again, it's not an hours measuring contest for me
Or viewership measuring contest
I don't even know what it is exactly that we're doing, Liliana
And that means I'm free
Oh, that's how that works
Okay, well, let's move on
He's getting watched more than ever
Why don't you do stuff more like him?
You mean advocate for deportations and wearing Ash Katchim outfits
While Ice breaks into people's houses and throws them in prisons?
Yeah, content
I do think it's funny that it's basically just Rush Limbaugh
Like 8.0
Which was just another version of conservative guy complaining to a broad audience
Like, you know, it's just all the same aggrieved bullshit that's drawn viewership for like the last 100 years
Well, from whenever radio started
We love you, Wendall, thankful, C.V. loves you
Apply for partner with AI Help?
Yeah, submit that photo of hairless JD Vance and say, this is me, make me partner
Anyway, you did it, Aswin, you streamed a bunch
I bet now you're happy
Yeah, now I'm sure he's very happy
Billy's new NYC campaign turns the armpit into a scratch and sniff experience
Who's- should we just move on?
Uh, I'm tempted to ask who's Billy
But I think this might just be an ad
All day, it's an ad for deodorant
I don't like that, it's just a picture of an armpit
And who's Billy?
We're gonna move on
The ad blocker strikes again
Okay
Billy, don't be a hero? Yeah, maybe it's that one
The IUD for men is 100% effective at blocking sperm for two years
Case?
I can actually black sperm out of my head
Oh, actually, case doesn't need this
He can stuff his tubes up all by himself
A non-hormonal male contraceptive that prevents sperm from leaving the body remains effective for at least two years
Ground-baking research suggests
And men around the country suggest, I still won't do it because it makes me uncomfortable that anything medical is getting near my penis
I'm scared of progress
How long if you're Hancock? There's no telling what it would take
We'd have to put a tank inside your urethra
And you'd still blow it to bits
Can case celebrate on that? How I stopped the sperm?
Just years of oppression
Maybe, case, would you- I would absolutely use this
If it's safe to put in and it prevents pregnancy for two years and it's non-hormonal
Sounds like pretty much a win
Would it give me an extra- Would it give me a couple extra millimeters of penis bump?
Yeah, the little thing they have to put in that gives you extra millimeters of girth in the form of a bump
Probably not, I don't really know how it works
An implantable contraceptive known as Adam is a gel injection that is injected underneath the scrotum
The Virginia-based company behind this product, ContraLine, says this approach offers a convenient alternative to existing methods
Such as condoms and vasectomies, or very popular with the new generation
Never fucking ever, they're one of the best contraceptive generations of all time
I still think all that stuff about young people not having sex anymore feels made up to me slightly
Maybe it's not
But I just remember being in my 20s and there were like 5 million articles about millennials and the various issues with them
And being like, this all feels like it's written by an 800 year old who hasn't talked to anyone below 30 in 20 years
So maybe, I mean I could see the internet and stuff making dating impossible
But I suspect young people are still fucking
The kids are too busy at foam parties to have sex
That's where the sex used to happen
Just as Marco Rubio guys
Just made up news stuff
I mean I don't want to say fake news
It's hard to trust sex studies in relation to like an entire generation of people, I suspect
I don't know
It's like everybody saying all kids are like illiterate now
I could see that being true because of declining education standards which has been happening since before I started school
But I don't think it's necessarily because they're all using chat GPT and like can't reason anymore
It sounds like a little, it sounds like old man complaint shit to me
Which it puts my antennas up
It puts my bullshit meter up slightly
Case is famous bullshit meter
Never wrong
JD Vance just finished his fuck Mary kill
Did we luck out or all three of them him?
I mean he was the fuck Mary and the kill
We just have to wait till he gets the third one
As long as he picks himself three times we all win
Case do algebra? Which type? Wrong question
Does this sky ends?
Not fucking or the jail you get jammed into your penis?
Oh yeah we're trying to talk about jail's case
Quit going on rants about the younger generation being maligned in the media
Couch wife and pop for JD
Couch wife pop
I think that's his Mary fuck kill
Oh what the hell?
Who are you trying to talk to that case?
I accidentally hit the satellite button but nobody I was wondering if somebody was there but nobody was there
Damn
Okay
Pope killed the Pope
Oh he killed the Pope
Why don't he pick himself for the kill
That's fucked up that he picked the Pope especially because he converted to Catholicism
He was an in he converted to be an inside agent all along
Anyway back to this which we've stopped talking about for minutes now
Contra line has released findings of a study of 25 men that showed the jail successfully blocked the release of sperm for two years
In the two participants who saw out the entirety of the trial
Everyone else said my masculinity feels threatened get this jail out of my penis
And back to you case
Contra line sub goal
I might need more than 25 guys to use it before I feel entirely safe
Putting a bunch of gel in my penis
Guys already put gel in that penis to break it just so that it's like an inch girthier
That is a story we read at one point so they won't even put in contraceptive gel
But you'll put in the gel that makes your penis a lumpy mess that barely works but potentially slightly bigger
Maybe
That does sound like the kind of thing guys would do
This could work
It just would have to be normalized over time
Definitely if I wasn't in
If I was you know out fucking more
Is that the other thing you did?
Debateably
It seems like that could be a wise investment
If I was out fucking a bunch of people
That's not a thing you ever did
It's conceivable
I can't even picture it
It's impossible to picture so it means it didn't happen
Even my imagination is stretched to the breaking point
Historians dispute biotapestry
Penis tally after lengthy debate
Lot of letters, lot of words in there that are a lot of fun
Sex traveler, case blackwell
Not people coaches
Well there's enough couch babies case
Quit contributing get the gel
In a historical spat that could be subtitled 1066 with knobs on
What are they talking about this is insane
Too many of the experts are engaged in a battle over how many male genitalia
Are embroidered into the
I don't know how to say this but I'm assuming it's biotapestry
And I'm gonna click on it before I show you it
Because frankly we just want to see if there's dicks on this thing
Where are the dicks?
It's looking dick, it's looking got a dick list to me
Where are the penises?
I dispute the existence of any penises based on these pictures
Case Monday night raw blackwell
Raw is unprotected sex
Not the best catch line or wrestling promotion
Um these are, oh
Okay there's one
This is abstract enough that we can't show it
This looks like someone did embroidery graffiti
Either that or back in the day a time travel created the world's first pop gun
You know with a little red tip
Even back then white guys desperately wish they had a black penis
Technology changes but men never do
It is strange that it's a dark black penis
This medieval white guy with clubs
Well look it's about exploring the fantastical world of your imagination
Oh Live in Sleazy has a few of these tapestries
Thank you Live in Sleazy let's see what we're working with
We'll do our own S-word study
I don't think that was ever a nickname for me unfortunately
But hey maybe I can get it going
Okay down there that's not a vase that he's holding up to block it
That's apparently a penis
I'm assuming these are penises as well
That just very artfully done there's probably a penis in there somewhere
No horse dicks
Well as far as I can see
Well we got to see at least one
That counts for something that counts for everything on it
Long as we get to see one medieval tapestry penis
We know we've done our job for the day
Um come on let me just read the nose please
Okay there we go
George Santos cries as he's sentenced to seven years in prison
I didn't know this happened
I've not been up on my George Santos news
Really he actually got in trouble I'm so shocked
When a figure of national prominence in politics actually
Has to deal with any consequences
For the insane lies they tell over several years
But maybe decades
George Santos was expelled from the US health of representatives
Speaking to the press after pleading guilty to criminal corruption charges
At central Islip federal courthouse
On August 19th, 2024
Okay he was sentenced on Friday to more than seven years in prison
And what is the culmination of one of the wildest political scandals in history
The disgraced former congressman sobbed
Openly like a papy
Okay we're adding a little bit there
Just a little bit
Allowing politician next GOT pre-president
Well he's got the prerequisite of having being sentenced
But actually to jail unlike certain other presidents
You think Trump will pardon him?
It's possible
But
I don't know
I don't think he's that broadly appealing to Republicans either
So I don't know if politically
There's any reason to really engage with him if you're Donald Trump
For the Lolls
Well bring him back to the Lolls case
It's 2016 again
Let's do this thing
Alright
Maybe they do it for that reason
It's possible I guess
I don't know maybe
But he kinda like
He kinda went bridge burn mode over the last couple of years
With his conservative base
He sorta leaned into being like
An ironic gay icon
Which I think could turn off some conservatives
I don't know it seems
I don't really want to judge a jail upon most people
But given who we're throwing in jail
For doing nothing
We're gonna do that
He should probably be in there
Okay, case
Just no sympathy for Paul George Santos
For just taking office under totally false pretenses
And lying about everything for years
The disgraced former congressman sobbed
I'll read that again for fun
Santos 36 pled guilty to counts of wire fraud
And aggravated identity theft last summer
1922 Santos was largely unknown when he ran for congressional seat
Covering parts of Queens and Long Island
That was left open by Democrat Tom Swalsy
Though the new North Shore leader
A small local newspaper on Earth discrepancies
The Santos financial disclosure
Prior to the election
It wasn't until he secured his victory
That more questions began to surface about his past
And for more on this
Google his name, he did a bunch of lies
He did the lies
Oopsy
If Trump hardens him it won't be immediately
Yeah, it would probably be after he's had to gel it up for a little bit
Yeah, it's just once you're embedded in the system
Which I'm not sure he ever was that deeply embedded
Because he wasn't
Elected for that long
Then you might have known enough people to like
Grease the tracks and at least get yourself out of jail quickly
But again, he's just like
He was so uniquely insane in his commitment
To lying about everything
He was caught so openly doing fraud
And he doesn't really have political power in the way
Where he can just skate out of it
I could see him just being in jail for all seven years
He was a Republican fundraiser for a bit
Okay, maybe he'll get out
Life is sleazy at bringing in the hard truth
That one sentence alone
I'm now wondering if actually maybe everything I just said is wrong
And maybe he might get out of there
We will see
Kanye West was briefly live on Twitch case
Maybe he could beat Asmongold if he sticks with it
What has already been banned?
What?
Oh my god, they even brought back
I'm so glad I can't remember his name
Don't even tell me what it is, Chad
I know it starts with an A
Aiden Ross, I remembered it, god damn it
He almost was free
From the information of knowing Aiden Ross's name
I was just gonna say they even brought back Aiden Ross
And Kanye still managed to get himself banned
But to be fair, the things he's saying are
Even more over the top than Aiden Ross's various attention stunts
Stunting on my anti-Semitism stunts
It seems that he was only live for around 7 minutes
Before his channel was banned from the site
Ending the stream early
While no official reason has been given for the ban
Clips from the stream speak for themselves
During the few minutes he was live
West used multiple slurs
Went on an anti-Semitic rant
And even performed a Nazi salute
While saying, hell Hitler
Damn, in 7 minutes?
Well...
But was it really a Nazi salute case?
We should probably have this debate
Every time it happens for everyone, right?
Because we did it for Musk
Him saying hell Hitler
Makes me think it might as...
It probably was
But maybe he was saying hails like the mints
And...
Hit, because he's a hit maker
And then...
Lur just came out of his mouth
Because he's on tons of nitrous all the time
Just to play devil's advocate
Who could expect such a thing from an incestuous bisexual Nazi?
Damn, but I hate that he's managed to add bisexual to his various...
Titles
I don't want him to have the cool titles
I think I'm just gonna stick with Nazi, actually
I know he had that song Black Skinhead
But this is ridiculous now
Yeah, I guess he did
Back when he was still popular
He did kinda warn us with that one
Now that I think about it
Yeah
Dang
The signs were there all along
It's funny whenever someone brings up the music
Like his era of music from like, you know
2004 to 2016-ish
When I would be legitimately excited every time he dropped an album
It's hard to remember that that was a way I ever felt about
This...
This situation going on here
But...
Not anymore
He made anti-Semitic and homophobic remarks
The incident that most likely led to the band was West saying
Hell Hitler, as he performed a Nazi salute
Additionally West made disparaging remarks against his ex-wife Kim Kardashian
And that's going too far
Yeah, I think it's the Kardashian stuff that got him
Kanye has a bright future on kick
Oh god, honestly
Probably
I've always been worried, like part of the reason
We were talking about how I don't stream that much
And granted, it's just because part of it is just that I need to still maintain various jobs
Like I don't think I could survive by streaming full-time
But even if I could, I don't think I'd want to
Part of that is because I'm worried there's a world where basically all celebrities
Almost all celebrities will start streaming
Because the financials and like
Just the way the industry functions
Well, you'll have to, it won't make sense to not
And that does make me think we might be headed for a dystopian future
Where basically every entertainer is live for like 10 hours a day all the time
Which I think would be bad
That gets so much money
Yeah, that's my thought as well
It'll never be like 100%
But I just hope it never becomes kind of the expected practice
In the sense that like now if you want to be an actor
Like getting a good agent is so much more likely if you have like a big TikTok following
But like, you know, if streaming just continues to kind of rise in popularity
And streamers continue to rise in like their social prevalence
And all of them are streaming 10 hours a day constantly streaming streaming streaming
I don't know, just the idea of like every celebrity has their own stream and is always on it
Seems like a place we could get closer to than I'd like
Isn't that how it is now?
Yeah, but like, you know, Timothy Chalamet isn't live on Twitch 24 hours a day
It's if it ever enters like the prestige actor market
And they're all streaming all the time, that's when you know
If you want to be entertained and not stream you're probably fucked
Are you resenting the two hours of streaming you do occasionally?
No, I actually quite like the two hours of streaming I occasionally do
I'm just saying
Financial forces at work I can see it getting to kind of a dystopian place
Is Liliana going to get banned now in German saying hell Hitler might not look good
You did say it several times, but I was reading it
I forgot that it's illegal for Germans to read
No, that's not the problem I thought I thought you weren't German
No, I'm just Anglo-European
Anglo-European? Yeah, that's my official origin
So someone in there is probably German
We miss you when you're gone
I would stream five times a week still if I had the time actually
Which hopefully I will at some point
But I would probably still only stream for two to three hours max
Snoop Dogg streams a lot
Streaming is fun, I'm not trying to say people shouldn't stream
I'm just worried about the incentive being
Like if you want to make it in Hollywood
Or just you know make it in entertainment
You're best off streaming like ten hours a day
I think that would be an unpleasant media landscape
It's already very close to like trying to financialize your entire life
With posts, but if it was literally cameras always on you
I just think it could kind of cook our brains even more
Brain cooking, speaking of that
We already covered this, but just to remind everyone
We are at the point now in the slide to dystopian fascism
Where we are arresting dissenting judges
So just remember that that's happening for fun
And of course it wants me to turn off my ad blocker like always
Jesus take the wheel and remove the ad blocker
What celebs would you want case to stream with?
This is a great question case
Who would you like to stream with?
I can't say it's up to chat
They know better than me what celebs I'd like to stream with
And exclamation point O is how you tell me
And then you know I'll just uh I'll DM them real quick
I'll pull out my celebrity black book
Vote now
Adita Roy Kapoor, Kendall Lynn, JD Vance
Logan Paul specifically the crypto scan
Is crypto scammer skin?
I always like to whenever I download Logan Paul
I put him in the crypto scammer skin
I thought he was always in that skin
No it's a specific skin that you can put him in
And um Jesus it still says I'm using an ad blocker
Okay there we go
And of course Kendall, Kendall's on there twice
You can either stream with Kendall or Kendall Lynn
If it's just Kendall
That's a different version of Kendall
Well you got Kendall Prime
You got Kendall Lynn
That's also the celebrity I'd like to stream with
That I set up her entire stream
And she still says I didn't set up her stream
Gotta plug in the camera
And then I guess I need to call a computer repair person
Or her?
That's for you to figure out case
I'm Leleona, I don't have to give a shit
That's true
Mike Lindell loyal threatened by judge of a briefs
Loaded with AI generated fake cases
What?
Wow that's some good stuff in this today
Way to go chat
She still hasn't figured out her PC issues
I think what I'm learning is she's expecting me to do it
I'm not sure how that became a thing that I have to do
But my instincts are telling me it is
Um he was just performed his new tracks
Kanye that is
Maybe
Or maybe Mike Lindell
When we don't click on those in time
Case gets confused
A federal judge put my pillow CEO Mike Lindell's lawyers
On notice this week over nearly 30 citations
In a legal brief submitted in a defamation lawsuit
Involving Eric Kuma
That is a good name
Mr. Kuma
Here we go
Part of being boyfriend is fixing computer
That actually sounds right
You know actually when we started dating Kendall told me
I'm gonna let you know right now
If I ever have a car appointment you have to do it for me
And if you don't want to do that we shouldn't be together
And I said Marry that's fair
So whenever she has a car issue I do take care of that
And I guess I should have known eventually that would lead to also same thing for computer
That's your problem case
All of it is a thing you must take care of
According to a report from KUSA's Kyle Clark
US Dictate Judge Nina Wong accused the attorneys of Lindell
Who maintains that the 2022 presidential election was stolen
Of using generative AI to supplement the brief
In her ruling she wrote
The court identified nearly 30 defective citations in the opposition
These defects include but are not limited to misquotes of cited cases
Misrepresentations of principles of law
Associated with cited cases
Including discussions of legal principles
That simply do not appear within such decisions
Misstatements regarding whether case law originated from a binding authority such as
Okay, you know, he lied basically and used AI
Is what that says
But in a smarter way that's more court
Should they set it in a smarter court way
And case gave the dumb version of it
But you get it
He used AI to make fake little legal papers
And that's I think the future
So really he's ahead of his time
Oh, that's true
AI is the future and the most important technology we've ever produced
Which actually is a statement I wouldn't disagree with
If the current state of AI wasn't so stupid
So yeah, I guess he's actually ahead of the curve
We always arrest the geniuses that are too far out in front of their skis
The skis of society as we all do a big cool jump in the Nagano Olympics
What? I don't know, I lost track of it
This happens a lot, just not so high profile
Yeah, I'm assuming there's lots of legal fraud all over the place
So how could we blame poor Mike Lindell for it
It's just so sad, you know, you find something you're good at young
Like smoking tons of crack
And then society forces you into a corner where you have to start a mob pillow company
It is too bad he was so good at smoking crack
And now he has to make pillows
Such a shame
The pause in milk proficiency testing makes no immediate difference to milk testing
At state or federal level, milk tests continue
Just a pause in FDA proficiency tests of milk testers
This is Doomsday Debunked by Robert Walker
You might have heard in his Semahaw profile
Apparently slanderous attack against the Trump administration
Yeah, they slashed and stabbed and cut FDA testing of milk
I'm glad that testing is still happening, but I do still think that's a bad thing
Well, what I told you, it makes no immediate difference to milk quality testing at state or FDA level
That continues as before, this is a higher level, it's proficiency testing
It checks milk testers country-wide to make sure they are all working to the same standards
The milk testers continue to test milk
They're like freighter training exercises or school inspections
So what they're saying is they've cut off funding for the testing that basically standardizes the other testing
Yeah, again, that still sounds bad to me
So now we just have incompetent milk inspectors
Well, like so many things, I suspect if all the old standards are still in place
There probably won't immediately be a huge disaster where we all get some kind of milk with some horrific pathogen in it
But you know, it's all about removing guardrails
I can't even say slowly, it's about removing a bunch of guardrails
The consequences of their removal will be felt stochastically and somewhat randomly, I suspect
But you know, milk testers are just one little piece of the pot
As I say all the time on this stream, I suspect
My goal is to restrict the power of the state in favor of upping the power of corporate oligarchs
About to burn his sandals, right?
Yeah, you know, everybody can more or less tell what's happening
Well, lots of people can tell what's happening, so I'm not saying anything surprising at this point
Farm fresh milk now with fortified lead
Well, if we feed the lead to the cows, it comes pre-leaded actually
And if it's good for gas, is it bad for milk?
Is lead good for gas? I thought we wanted unleaded
But look, I'm not a gas tester or a milk tester, all I know is I'll drink both
Hmm, probably should only drink one of those
We are all going to be put on fun little registries by RFK2
Yeah, registries for people who are in awesome shape and have great skin like him
Depending on the day we are red like RFK, that's true
And we read at about the same fifth grade level as him, often as well
Women dating a man with a micro penis answers the one thing everyone wants to know
Oh, are we going to talk to Kendall today? Can you stop with the low-hanging penis jokes?
Or they're actually high-hanging penis jokes, because it's basically barely peeking out from the crotch
Talking about you having a small penis case
You can slam Diego in the army while you want, I'm too secure to be bothered
Case thinks he's so tough
A woman whose boyfriend has a micro penis has answered the one question many people seem to be asking
Could it be this question that's about to pop up?
RFK looks like a meatwad stuffed in a suit
That's probably not the one she's answering actually, but that is correct
Approximately 1.5 in 10,000 newborns in the US are born with micro penises
Case, that's so sad
The odds were in your favor
What do you want from Milena?
Oh, ow
He doesn't, he can't even give it back
You're supposed to say, yeah, well you have a tiny pussy
It doesn't work like that
You just don't understand how riffs work
Can she feel it or does it work?
That is probably the question
And let's find out, I'll stop talking about Case having a tiny little penis and read this instead
Read his biography, because it's about you
Yeah, I get where you're, I get it
You're saying I have a small dick, yes I am, I'm saying it a bunch
It's an extremely rare condition and Jake Timbs is one of the one of those who has it
With his manhood typically under 2.8 inches when erect
We have any measurement tools?
It's about this big
Is it about this big?
Is that a pinky? How long is my pinky? Case?
How long is your penis? Let's put my pinky next to it
I gotta cry? I guess I gotta cry
No, this article is about celebrating micro penises, so even if I have one, Milena
You can't hurt me
Well actually I don't know if it's about celebrating micro penises
Let's see what she has to say
It's extremely rare, it's 2.8, hey that's still
The G-spots
A mystery amount into the vagina, so maybe that's more than enough
Who knows? Before the two Brits entered into a relationship, Penny and Jake were friends
But when they began dating, she says Jake brought it up immediately
Well that's kinda nice, honestly
He calls it pinky and the brain
You can have fun with your tiny little penis actually
Take it from case, humor is the number one way to bat way above your league
And you don't even have to be that funny either, isn't that true, Case?
Yes, apparently
But anyway, he wasn't embarrassed about it at all
In fact, I would say he was proud of his size
She told the son, well good for you
I think he just wanted me to know in case I was disappointed
But that wasn't the case at all
If anything Penny said, their sex life is more filling than ever
She told the Daily Star, when I saw Jake for the first time I wasn't horrified
It was the opposite, I thought it was absolutely perfect
Jake and I have a very healthy sex life and I'm always left satisfied
Penny went on to say, she and Jake have a very healthy sex life
Adding to the sun for me, this is just about the penetration and climax of sex
With the foreplay and everything that leads up to it
Well, again, a million women could say it a thousand times
Or even like a guy could put on a wig and say it
Or the equivalent of that
Men are impossibly focused on size in a way that 90% of women don't give a shit about
But men will still be incredibly focused on the size of their penis
And deeply insecure no matter what we say, so
Don't take it from me or anyone apparently
You will forever be worried about penis size
Not all guys are worried about penis size, but yes, many men are extremely fixated on it
Can she bounce on it, crazy style
Absolutely, because it's there's so little danger to her vagina
Completely buck wild on it
Just sort of bounce around, you know, like she's trying to pop a medicine ball with her ass
I'm just saying, hypothetically, that could happen
Lesbians be getting each other off literally no penis, so size really shouldn't matter at all
I mean, yeah, again, like there's certain people for who it's like a fetish
And that's fine too, it's just clearly you could find partners for whom it's not a big problem
And you should know
And yeah, finally how I should know, I'm just saying
You know, I'm glad there's more affirming stories out there that most men will continue to completely ignore
And be like, maybe I should fill my penis up with the non sperm blocking version of a penis destroying goo
That makes it barely bigger but not functional
Well, I don't even put it like that
I'm sort of getting into my fetish zone case
Oh yeah, I gotta be careful
Bone collector caterpillar adorns itself in insect body parts
What the hell?
You guys are having sex with other people?
I don't know the context for that
But I'm not at least
I won't speak for candle
It seems like that's something you should know, no we're not currently
Bone collector caterpillar adorns itself in insect body parts
We think of wassen butterflies as relatively harmless creatures
But there are certain species with a darker side
For example, carnivorous caterpillars that eat aphids butterflies that drink alligator tears
Or vampire moths that feed on livestock blood
Am I reading out of a witch's spell book?
What the hell is talking? What the hell?
What was that title? I'm trying to figure it out
Still there's a little video
Jesus!
This is a content warning for people that are disgusted by disgusting bugs
Cause that's what I'm about to show you
Why is the music so uplifting?
What am I even looking at?
Is this fucking Godric the grafted?
Why is that a reference I know?
That's a good question, Miliana
I've never played the game
But it's so much like Godric the grafted
The knowledge was beamed into my mind
Ooh, got more ornaments for its disgusting corpse body?
Oh, now that I say it that way
I get it
What is your type?
The human version of a bone collector moth?
Nature is pretty mental
God, this is so gross
It like builds tumor corpses to live inside
That's fucking crazy
Even for me
That is nature is wild
You know?
Apparently yes
Alright, they're almost there
There was so much news today
All of it
Different levels of disturbing
Bugs are indeed
Cool? I guess, is that cool? It's pretty cool
They found something they're into and they're exploring it
Funnily enough, thank you for the 30 months
You've collected those months
Like a moth collects the corpses of bugs to live inside
And we appreciate it
Yes, you are all my bone collector moths
Bugs are aliens, that's how it feels
A little bit
A lot of it
Trump's massive tariffs on China are going to hurt your sex life
Guess why? Because tariffs are coming for your six toys
Like this boat picture above?
I don't even use a boat to fuck
It's covering a dildo
A micro dildo
How bigger the dildos are using
I got kind of caught on you having a small penis and then I lost track of how size works
Oh
This month the president has made a slew of announcements and backtracks on global tariffs that has led to escalating trade wars with China
Current tariffs on imports at 145% although he says he's not going to do that
Or he might do more, why doesn't he tell me it's just a big question mark of problems
As many products sold in the US are made in China, many interesting customers will suffer
Sex toys companies aren't any different, and if the tariffs continue
Your bedside draw could get even more expensive
And last time I checked, a Wii Vibe cost like $200
So I ain't vibing with you today
Insert old politician name
You actually censored yourself for once, where'd it go?
Well you know, sometimes those NDAs are not just a kink
This would be a good debate with Monty and Crumb
How big is what makes a big sex toy?
That's a good question
What counts as an absolutely huge sex toy?
I would argue any phallus
How does anything over 7 inches is like
A fairly large sex toy
I think if you're talking huge though, then I don't know
He's pleading the field
Okay, oh wait there's still more
There's still more, so you know if you're gonna buy a dildo do it three months ago
It's now too late
Now comes the woman's fear, the anti-feminist media telling women to be thin, fertile and Republican
Oh, sort of the Andrew Tait but for ladies
Right, that's kind of always been a thing though
Again some of this like young men are captured by Republican speak
Granted it does seem like the current generation is
Especially young like white guys is a little more conservative than the previous
Based on election results but you know it's like margins
This has always been a big slice of media
If you've ever watched a show like The Bachelor
It's all like extremely conservative coated
And the idea is basically you should be young, fertile and essentially a conservative Christian
While dating, while being 20 women trying to date one guy
Or 20 guys trying to date one woman
A crop of conservative personalities such as Brett Cooper and Candace Owen
And outlets like Evie are convincing young women of a gender essentialist worldview
Yeah or certain children's authors that won't shut the fuck up about it ever
What about the Golden Bachelor?
Well that's like just recognizing the reality of divorce essentially
Being unavoidable
I just think a lot of reality TV shows and especially dating shows
Even though they're insanely horny are basically reaffirming a more or less conservative family worldview
In their own bizarre way
Maybe not some of the Netflix one
Milf Manor? Yeah maybe not Milf Manor actually
But I do think The Bachelor does that
Quality control program for testing fluid milk and other dairy products at the Food and Drug Administration
Has been suspended according to reports which we read about
But then we also read a story saying don't even worry about it
So you be the judge
Just drink a big gallon of milk
See how it makes you feel and judge how serious the issue is based on your body's response to it
Well I'm gonna go ahead and say don't drink a gallon of milk
I don't want my viewers to do that but I do think the results would dictate the seriousness of it
Yes
Not Zeus Network reality TV shows?
No that's true
That's something else
I don't know
I guess you could argue like Bad Girls Club
Is sort of reinforcing a conservative worldview in the sense that
It's designed to make you scared of all the bad girls out there
Yes stay at home
Keep a gun by the door
Because you never know when the bad girls will show up
If you
I won't deny the existence of the bad girls or their club
But I'm just saying
Not most girls
Not all girls are bad girls club
Uh yeah that what not to do
I don't know what
I don't know what Zeus TV is
I'll do it at any given time
We'll check in eventually with some trailers and stuff
But for now
I do need to leave it's been almost two and a half hours
Oh
We have to do conspiracy before I go which is what we will end on
Well let's real quick
Go to spermracing.com
And see if the live stream is active yet
It's coming soon
How many people
Go to YouTube real quick
How many people are currently queued up
To watch this sperm racing event
And what kind of music
They're not playing music
Uh oh bad news
It's coming soon there's 2,500 people waiting
Uh it starts in about 30 minutes
Meaning in case it's going to get off just before the sperm racing starts
Your lack of commitment is troubling case
I just can't
Change my schedule
At the whims of the sperm racers
Barely even a fan
Anyway t-minus 30 minutes
2,500 live viewers
Waiting before it even starts
Could this be the event of the century that case is going to miss
So that you can what
Have a relationship with people you care about
When you put it like that I do feel like a fucking idiot
But I guess so
What do you think?
Judge?
That's being
Unlawfully potentially imprisoned by the Trump administration
I think you should watch sperm race
Even she's not on my side
Secretly we all know he wants to
Okay well
Look at this active chat
Make TS start right now
Astro Glideon
Um Danny Flo
CP
CP
Why are they all posting CP?
Kendall you want to watch sperm racing?
No
She said no
She said no with authority
And immediately for the record and that
Probably is the right choice
Okay well
No sperm racing for us
With a heavy heart I have to
I'm trying to just run out the clock here
So that it at least starts while you're still streaming
No we're going to go to the conspiracy segment
Which I unfortunately can't have Clementine Mern do
Um
I'm sorry CV loves you
I hate to deny you
But we will have
Some column the lesser host
I call him the only host
Guy retarded
Talking about something I guess
So disappointing
I just can't get him if I can't get him
He's dead he died
Yeah I think he died unfortunately
Um anyway thanks Aliano
And thanks for nothing Kase
Cause you refuse to accept the reality of sperm racing
Maybe that's the conspiracy who knows
Let's find out
I'm Liliana Breffinschmeier
Borthits conspiracy time
Let's send it to it now
Everybody's so
Up in arms
Over the diss of the continuing disappearance and death
Of
An unfortunate looking
British sounding
Former colleague
I say former cause
Where is he?
Out of sight out of mind
Sorry CV loves you but as far as I know
He's
The thin eater
For a different British guy
And as such he's been
I'm assuming executed
For the crowns of another not fair one of the many unfair things in this world that I'm not afraid to talk about
Because I'm a good host
For a conspiracy segment
That's it's good that I'm here
Everybody's saying it listen
Whoa
It's time for the ride the guy
Climb into where with you
Well he's not with you
So what does that say about him
Oh shit sperm racing music just started
Oh my god
They just started a track
Well hey maybe if sperm racing was live on twitch I would raid that
But it's only on YouTube seemingly
Surprise it's not on kick honestly
Yeah I think he got
They noticed that he was an American
That's illegal now actually
They say it's probably an El Salvador
I don't know what
They stopped the music immediately
Guys they might already be having tech issues
I'm gonna let's see you know let's talk about sperm racing
Because we all know
You're all gonna run off and watch it right away as soon as the stream is over
Casey's doing us a favor actually by ending this stream so that
We can really focus up and just watch sperm racing minus any commentary
Sperm racing
I'm searching it on Instagram
As we speak there it is sperm racing
Have they released any updates
Any late breaking updates today
About this once in a lifetime event that Casey's planning on missing
Okay LA Center Studios back
There's the secret address starts it's already open
There was open Friday at 10 p.m.
For the sperm racing after party
The live stream starts
That's not correct
It starts sooner than that
They didn't do the countdown in the post
Instead they posted the time
He's in a non ice bath
No a boat isn't even in an ice bath
He's just in a bath
Okay
What is this guy saying
Dick gay
Hi I'm Mr. Sperm Racing
My real name is Dick Gay
I can't believe Casey isn't watching this
The material like that
How could he
How could he not be watching this
Yep that's what they went with
Okay let's continue our deep dive
Deep post
LA Center Studios
In four hours
Whoa
We will be live
We're gonna pause the real
I'm Mr. Sperm Racing
My real name is Dick Gay
And we are at LA Center Studios
They got the freaking
Like Titan Tron setup thing
They got like the
WrestleMania style above ring
Screens
Doesn't look like that big of a room
But it does look like they have spent
Probably more money than they should
Not to
Not to be a penny pincher
But this wheel costs
But hey there
Maybe they're gonna pull it off
Let's continue to wait
We will be live
Sperm Racing between Asher and Tristan
Noah Bowden, Jimmy Zhang
On that stage down there
Yes this is real
Good morning good afternoon
And good evening from wherever you may be
Joining us welcome to a truly
Groundbreaking event
Ladies and gentlemen we are live in La
Center
I'll be real that stage should be more
Up by this point
Like this probably should have been set up yesterday
But hey maybe I'm not giving the crew enough credit
But they got like lights on the ground and
Shows them five hours
I'm just curious
I'm curious how it's gonna go
Sanjolis for the world's very first
Sperm Race
I'm your host Beast Child
Okay that's Beast Child
Sperm Racing is real
Okay
Hi I'm here on the behalf of Sperm Racing
In Pauli Market right now the odds are
Fifty-fifty
Okay hey everybody it's Dick Gay
On the market for Tristan and Asher
Between Tristan and Asher who do you think will win
I think Tristan from U of C will win
Why?
No Asher has earrings so I think it's a little bit feminine
Asher yeah
I got Tristan
I got Asher
He got a rocky
They're gonna skip this one and that's all they got for us
That's all the updates
Those are the latent breaking updates
Essentially
The breaking update is
Some homophobic overtones to all this
That as the guy sitting in front of this American flag
I'm uh
I think supposed to be on the side of that
So I guess I'm supposed to be more excited now
I guess specifically Guy Redacted
Is the market for this
Dick Gay
And feminine earrings
Present
Sperm Racing and also an app
For genetic testing
You can do it on an app now
And it's just that easy
Alright well um
What should I do about that
You know I think I'm gonna count that as the conspiracy time
Cause
Something about that just took the wind out of my nails
Tristan Milker first Dick Gay
For faker name
I think I'm gonna count that as the conspiracy time
For faker name
As the guy named Guy Redacted
I'm gonna go with Dick Gay
As the faker name actually
The initial comedy
Of naming them Tristan
And not Dick Gay, it was the Asher
And treating them like they're superstars
Has slowly
The wind is coming out of the cells a little bit
So the question is
Can they reclaim
The sense of whimsie
Whimsie and fun that was
Somewhat captured in the promotional material
And
They do seem to be losing slightly
In a mad grab for
I guess
Increased interest in the event
Will the event be full
Of more than whatever's in ball
Will it be full of people
That also has sperm in their ball
How much, how many sperm jokes
Can they make
During a three hour event
After party that goes till question marks
And whose dad paid
For the whole thing
Is one of my biggest questions
Full of peepee
Maybe it becomes a piss race
If they run out of sperm do they just start pissing
These are all questions that will be answered in
20 minutes or probably later
When they have technical difficulties and the stream starts late
But you can find out at spermracing.com
Which I'm
Reluctant to honestly promote so let's
Raid someone else
As the conspiracy of the day is
Should we have ever talked about this even at all
And who made us? Who is responsible
For us being aware of this?
Hey, Christine is on
You might not be able to get Kendall
But you may be able to see Kendall's sister
Currently playing
Minecraft
And also saying maybe they'll finish their
Pagoda and maybe they won't
And if you haven't been to the Minecraft movie
Just know you're allowed to watch
Christine stream and throw popcorn all over
Your room just make a huge fucking mess
And you'll basically get the experience
Alright let's make this raid happen
I'd say watch the Freedom for Clementine
You know where he is probably at the
Sperm Race
And at this point I'm not sure if that's
A good or a bad thing
Maybe that makes me like him less
Like him more
I'll never know because he refuses to show up
Alright guys thanks for hanging out
For this Friday stream
Sorry that
None of us could convince Kase
To have the journalist in integrity to attend
The sperm race in person
To report back on how distasteful the
Various gay jokes were
But we can check in
Maybe with the aftermath
On Monday
I'll get you with the highlights to save you a little bit of time
I'll say this
Maybe don't watch the 3 hour live stream
Of the sperm racing event
We'll probably be able to
Observe the clip out
But if you're chomping at the bit
To see if Ashler Tristan's got the faster
Little swimmers
Is about to happen
But right now what's going to happen is I'm going to send you the way of Christine
You're going to have a great weekend
Because you know what you're going to do
You're going to keep your head on a swivel
You're going to be spinning 360 degrees around
Your eyes perfectly capturing
The mosaic of the world
Clear eyes, full hearts
Incapable of losing, constantly capable
Of seizing the truth
Which is what you'll be doing and what we have done
All stream long, at least I have
I don't know about the other people there
Have fun with Christine, we'll see you soon
Bye bye everybody
And that's the stream
I ain't messing with that after stream stuff