I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is mine
Ball head shot it like it did a play
I'ma take you zombie ass on a fancy day
Got me debating myself I feel dumb
I'ma get you up, I'ma leave from it so I won't know
I'm feeling so hypnotized
Now I'm coming so loud it's a crumpled party
If you a snake pet a five-fair old child you've been repped
My ending gonna still take a while
Another fictional orphan oh no
Do the same favor for Boratow
You're like a broke fat man with a satch on his head
But fat man
It's late
I didn't have time to do anything today
Although there are some stream secrets
That could possibly be working
Not sure
See if they even happen
Um okay
Okay, yes I'm not licked up my hair today
Yeah look at that let's get it newsed up real quick
Oh yeah
Stream crits yeah exactly
Good to see everyone uh oh geez
Will the stream hold up?
Can we close any unnecessary programs?
What's open?
You die
And then this program dies
And then we close every story but one
Was all the porn hub tabs?
No
How am I gonna focus?
The symphony of moans
Eugh
Just grossed myself out
Uh good to see you all
Hope you're doing well
That's normal enough
Good to see a psychor b grendel msg
A funnel web propaganda matladelspor
If I'd entered eddy skimer
Is this a game show now?
I don't know
I'm not in control of the spirits that inhabit my stream
We've got a request
Coming in hot
What is it?
I still have to talk to a kiss expert
Can we get the hate socks opinion on all the eps teen trump drama?
We sure can
Absolutely
Guess the word?
Who's to say?
Yeah I'm taking the late night show
It's cancelled so I'm not taking it officially
I'm just saying it's mine
It's Friday so you can punish yourself by requesting a song
And uh you know we'll see whatever those hang man-y looking things are
Um
Great great great
Hashtag deadbeat
That's true
That should be a secret command but it's not unfortunately
Late night with loupche
Think you can have a good week in it
I think you could do that series for a month
Before people caught on
That it was just a man in a chef's apron
Um
All right screw it
We're just gonna do some news
We gotta talk to this expert at some point
We'll bang out this expert and the kiss expert
After we blast through some news
But first why don't we do a little bit of news
Hello everybody
It's Friday
It's the fun day
The gateway to the weekend is controlled by yours truly
Me
Me?
Am I who I am?
Are you okay chat?
Yeah I was a test
I am who I am K
And that's all that you aren't
Don't you babble at me
I don't know what you're doing
No
The thing I say is finally tuned
Razor of powerful thought
And I'm here to do all the news at once
It's the news rundown
That the people crave
All your stories
Comma currently
That's the headline
Get used to it
I'm here
I'm doing the news
Get used to it
I wouldn't go off that particular slogan
I don't know if you've earned it chat
I don't prescribe to your rules of talking
All right
Yeah
Did you get enough sleep last night?
All I did was I've been sleeping for an entire week
Yeah, I've been trying this thing out
It's called a sleep detox where you um
You take enough ambience to sleep
To basically hibernate like a bear
I think that could probably be affecting you mentally
No it's really good for you
It's yeah it is late because again I just woke up from essentially a five day hibernation
I'm hyper maxing
It doesn't sound good for you
Well you don't you don't understand health and that's why
That's why you look like that
Like what?
Like that
And I look like this
What did you want to talk about?
This is not what I want to talk about
It's what the news demands
And Trump's birthday happened
Oh no he well
Epstein's birthday happened many years ago
And Trump seems to have sent him a card or not
Because the president's suing their goddamn ass
Trump sues the Wall Street Journal
Over Epstein report seeking 10 billion dollar
10 Bill Ion
Who's Bill?
Billion
You said it right the first time
Oh that just seems like a lot
So I figured it must be wrong
Well hey he's
They're doing billions of dollars of damage to our beautiful nation
I couldn't have said it better myself because
He didn't do this
No I mean it's probably who knows
They didn't they didn't really share the uh
As far as I know at least
Currently they haven't shared the
A picture of the letter or whatever
It seems like him
Seems like the kind of thing he might do
10 bullions
Is that even more isn't that like pirate currency
Set straight gold 10 built 10 bullions
Uh 10 belulias
I take that
Really?
I I hear she's a widow
So if she needs a shoulder to cry on
I'll take all 10 of them
Ew
I'm not not to take advantage of the situation but
Okay July 18th is today
And on this day in American history
US President Donald Trump sued the Wall Street Journal
And its owners including Rupert Murdoch
For at least 10 billion on Friday
Over the newspapers report
That his name was on 2023 birthday greeting
For Jeffrey Epstein that included a sexually
Siddisti of drawing and a reference to secrets they shared
And the fact he's suing over this makes it feel like it's
Definitely true
For anyone who missed the letter
Let me find the transcript
Cause you've probably all heard it but
You know poetry has to be read multiple times to truly be understood
So we'll fill up your brains with it one more time
Come on someone show me the text
Yeah there it is
Chat if you don't mind
Oh okay
And I can do this
With a little bit of
No that's not right
Hey that's right
So where my voice at?
Don't turn it
Don't modulate me up
No not normal voice for me case but
Sexy
Why is it so high?
There we go that's right
This feels like cultural appropriation of who?
Billionaires?
There must be more to life than having everything the note began
Donald
Yes this is Donald speaking
Yes there is but I won't tell you what it is
I'm gonna put this on the main screen actually
So I can look you all right yeah while I read this beautiful letter
There we go
Zoom it in hands
No I won't zoom it in hands
Dang it
Okay I give up on that plan
That was a bad plan
What the fuck did I just do?
Okay
Sorry everybody I'm panicking
We're starting over
Donald said yes there is but I won't tell you what it is
Jeffrey nor will I since I also know what it is
Donald have we have certain things in common Jeffrey
Jeffrey yes we do come to think of it Donald
Anigmas never age have you noticed that
Jeffrey as a matter of fact it was clear to me the last time I saw you
Trump a pal is a wonderful thing
Happy birthday and may every day be another wonderful secret
That's how big money players talk to each other
The music really added
I know how to underscore a good sexual letter between friends
I'm sure he was alive in 2013
Epstein
Yeah as far as I know unless he's been cloned a bunch
What are you spreading now?
I mean I said who would have been alive in 2013
Trump and Epstein I guess and they were kissing
Through a letter
Why was it so sexual?
Um probably because they were sleeping with young girls together
I thought that that makes it a lot less fun
That makes the whole musical choice I just made feel like it was in pretty poor taste
Actually if that's what they're talking about there
Anigmas never age very coded
It's hardcore I didn't pick up on that
Look every some people have different levels of reading
Comprehension when it comes to poetry
And screenplays
I was a read screenplay a couple times before I pick up on all the subtleties
How was I to know that they could be referring to little girls
Also maybe they're not maybe they're talking about the enigma canon from the PlayStation version of Mega Man X
You think they're referring specifically to the enigma canon
From the Mega Man X version on the on the ps1
With the cutscenes that are straight anime
It could be
I don't think that's what they meant
But we just there's no way to know yet
That's Sigma
Was it the Sigma Canon
There wasn't an enigma canon in one Mega Man game
But I don't know if it was on the PlayStation one
It does sound a bit too coherent for Trump to have written
Maybe it is bullshit, but who knows at this point
This is coming from Uncle Phil
Maybe Trump had assistance writing it
Um, I think we I do think Trump's kind of a fucking idiot, uh on many levels
But I think
I mean this is a tired take
But I think Trump approaches politics and public appearances very much in a pro wrestling kind of way
Um, meaning I think he slightly plays up slightly plays up how
Cartoonishly idiotic and like mean spirited he is
You can really kind of predict a lot of the time how Trump's going to react to a thing
If you're a wrestling fan just by going how would a heel react to this plot development
They'll blame someone else. They'll say they're the best. They'll say that the people are on their side
Um, and then they'll try to do underhanded tactics like suing and feigning injury
Um
So I think like his private persona is probably slightly different than his public persona and again
I only mean slightly but this isn't like
You know, we're not reading like Yates here. This is uh
Just him knowing the word enigma isn't that surprising and I'm pretty sure
He didn't he say he doesn't he doesn't even know that word or sir. He's never drawn before
um
He released some statement that was
Really insane. I'm guessing untrue social
um
Okay, here's yeah, here's this story
I think he literally claimed that he's never drawn a picture in his life
Any Salazar news Salazar is still waiting in the wings. He's still crossing the ocean
But one of these days he's gonna make it all the way back and until then
We simply will have to pray for his safe return. What the heck?
Sorry something started playing Trump said he never wrote a picture. He never wrote a picture. This woman solicited two drawings from him
Oh, he didn't draw any pictures
Except for the pictures pictured here
He might have drawn this particular picture
But outside of that
Would you believe that he's never drawn a picture?
After the wall street journal reported Thursday night on a 2003 letter to Jeffrey Epstein that included Donald Trump's name and an outline of a naked woman
The president's denial was comprehensive
I never wrote a picture in my life. I don't draw pictures of women. He told the journal. It's not my language
It's not my words. I don't draw pictures
He later told truths. He later wrote on truth social outlaw
Let's just go to the source here CNN. Don't play with me
Stop quit playing games with with my heart and let me just read his words
What the fuck is going on with this website?
Why is it like this? Okay, we're gonna fix this real quick there now we can read it
um, the wall street journal printed a fake letter
Dang it
So hard to get things on all these screens
Uh, the wall street journal printed a fake letter supposedly to Epstein. These are not my words
Not the way I talk
That is kind of he's kind of going with that defense
Uh, not the way I talk. Also, I don't draw pictures
I told rupert murdoch
It was a scam that he shouldn't print the fake story
But he did and now i'm going to sue his ass off and that of his third rate newspaper
Thank you for your attention to this matter
DJ T still signing off the way he's decided to get again like a wrestler trying to get over a catchphrase
um, full if you if you have like
2013
Chris Jericho read this it would
Totally make sense
Um, again, I mean so many people draw the illusion of pro wrestling, but it really is crazy how consistently he acts
straight up like a heel
Yeah, we we just made the list and also there is no list and there never was a list
How crazy can a person be before we can say they are crazy because he's there already
Um, hell yeah, he also has huge ankles and might be dying or something
Yeah, what list exactly
So but he's never drawn a picture
Well, how many pictures could he have possibly drawn?
Trump pictures
Drawings
Surely he doesn't he didn't like regularly draw pictures, right?
All the time
Oh my god, look at these photos
and signed
Is it really friday you're in luck homeless robot?
It is and in honor of of this exciting friday friday friday day
We have for you. Oh my god
These websites are so awful
The seattle times is desperate for me to give them my money
Or cases money. I'll give them cases money
Oh unblock the ads
We need to just eliminate ad block
It has only be the ad block has lost all its functionality now it only exists for these sites to just complain at you
Okay, here it is though
Here's the photos of one donald jesus. Let me look at donald trump's art. Oh, that's actually
I was gonna say not bad, but there's some straight lines in there. That's pretty good. What the heck?
He drew a little he drew a little cartoon taxi boys
Oh good we can full screen this look at this. He's having fun with markers
This is
I was well. Is this better than I could do he fine. He kind of signed his his name in a fun spot
and uh
Okay, he likes to draw kind of people as crucifixes
And who doesn't what billionaire doesn't love to draw that? Oh, he drew a money tree
Look the tree is literally these are not childhood drawings surprisingly
Um, these are seemingly
Adult drawings from an adult
Oh the djc4 redeem didn't work as intended, but
Uh, don't worry. We see it 90s r&b song about how they may have never written
A picture of a woman
That is a beautiful request
And we'll get that redeem working no better for next week
A thank you scomer for that song that we will all be put through by case later
By djc4 and whatever art and whatever guess he has right right right right right
Totally missed that so he's drawn a couple of pictures and maybe he auctioned them off
Maybe he drew pictures for an auction as an adult
That sort of looked like the kind of thing a kid draws on the back of a coloring book
But you're never too old
To try to follow in the footsteps of other great leaders slash artists that never quite went pro
What leaders are you thinking of just any world leaders that might have had an interest in art but never quite made it to the big leagues
He's just following in those footsteps another failed nazi artist
No, I was actually thinking of um men of macron
Because he's french so we probably tried to do art at some point, you know macaroni
right
This dude is old rich new yorker and they like art. He's pretending. He's into it for whatever reason churchill was an artist apparently
I thought he just drank does that make you an artist? Um
It's a lot of college kids think it does oh nice. Yeah macaroni art
right anyway, that's
What's going on with him? Did has trump ever said enigma?
Has he ever said enigma?
Has trump ever said enigma?
An enigma wrapped in a wonderful secret
Fact check did trump ever use the word enigma this is coming from tech arp
So take that for what you will but it's the first google result. So we're gonna go with it
um for speed
On july 17th 2025 the wall street journal published an article. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's got the enigma thing in it
Donald trump has publicly used the word enigma
Previously soon after the story broke people began to cast doubt not because the lewd drawing but because of the vocab word
Basically, they claimed or suggested that donald trump's never used it. It's unknown
How they would know that he's never used it
Unfortunately, even mighty grok is wrong. Donald trump used the word enigma publicly at least five times
on 12th november 12 2015 the presidential candidate
Called his rival dr. Ben Carson an enigma twice at a rally at the iowa central community college in fort doge dodge
He's got to pronounce it doge. Now. Those are the rules
Uh now karson's an enigma to me. I didn't say it karson's an enigma. Oh my god. He said it twice
He double knows it an enigma
wrapped
In an enigma. Whoa double enigma. That's insane
What else did he say? Oh, there's video karson's an enigma to me
I didn't say it
karson's an enigma
His voice used to be different. Yeah, it used to be a little higher a little less whispery
It's gotten lower over there. It's now. It's more like done here. Okay. I'm not the best
Can't do it that well. Everybody can at least do the suck in before he talks. I'm donald trump
I'll dog like this. I like here's more actually. It's me donald trump
I'm donald trump
How's that that's pretty good
Wait, did he's what did the guy in the crowd yell he didn't yell
A certain word that gets auto censored in my chat that I don't want in there. It's an enigma to me
I don't think it was the n word it ended with an arry
Whatever that means
Whoa, okay
um
he also
In a 2004 book with a ghost writer
Who will be seeing hearing from later?
There we use the word enigma dan rather is an enigma to me
He's got absolutely no talent or charisma or personality a year after year cvs apologizes for his terrible ratings
Part of why this kind of does sound like donald trump to me is it's so difficult to imagine how donald trump is sexually like the idea of him
Getting intimate with anyone be it like another
Creepy rich guy or a woman or whoever or younger than a woman
Like the way he would talk during sex is really hard to conceptualize I think
Unless you're just he's still in kind of campaign mode
um
So I could it's something about this actually kind of adds up to me like if he's horny
He's gonna kind of talk about it
I don't know what this makes me think of one of those um
Like little you know those little boy dolls that they spray water with they pee they pee they have them at like hibachi places
They like squeeze the back and the and it sprays water out of like like they're peeing out of their
You know out of their genes or whatever
This is for some reason this makes me think of like
That like this is that that's the image I have of of trump saying this out loud
He's like one of those little one of those little like spray pee guys guys that you press the back of and they squirt water
Out of the front. This is how he talks about sex
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about case
Yeah, he's like a little piss boy. He's like a little plastic piss boy
And I think that's how this that's how that kind of thing would talk about sex
If you were a little plastic piss boy, the only way you could talk about sex is by kind of wrapping it up in
I have a really metaphors or um in your window just kind of like
An odd mystery that you can't unravel
Friends like to tell secrets remember that timely did the thing
Hmm
Now you're thinking about trump's o-face
I mean these are the essential questions we have to ask at this moment of national crisis
Is this how president trump gets down? Is this the way he talks?
Why did I do this case?
Dude, what?
I don't even know what the fuck you were talking about. I'm just saying he's a little plastic piss boy
He's a little plastic plastic piss boy spray bottle
That they use it a hibachi place but turned into a man
That's what his sexual being is like is what i'm trying to get at
I think we just have to move on because of what you've said no
Well, did he say enigma anymore? He said it a bunch of times. He said it there. He said it there. He said it
in a book a bunch
um
Yeah, he said it a lot, so I guess he'd do say the word enigma
I guess
Every day is another beautiful secret
That were how did he say it exactly?
What poetry did he use precisely?
um
That kind of does sound a little it only doesn't sound trumpy if you don't read it in his voice
And I don't do a good enough impression to read it, but if you read it in his voice, I bet it sounds a little trumpy
Happy birthday and may every day be another wonderful secret that sounds trumpy like every day
wonderful secret
I wake up ready for another secret and I get the best ones
Well, the second part makes it sound like job
And may every I think it's the may that's sticking for me may every day be another wonderful secret
He doesn't equivocate like that. He'd say
A pale is a wonderful thing a pale is a wonderful thing is the kind of thing you would say
pale is a wonderful thing
I've got a lot of them
His the way he talks also has changed over the years like before
He went full whatever this is
um
He used to not talk exactly as bluntly as he does now
You've got pumpkins in your pocket
You never know trump could say that I've got pumpkins in my pocket
How many subs count for the return of clementine?
He's getting his own segment back not back. He's getting a different segment
That is on my list of things to do. He's gonna have different hair though. And he's gonna probably sound slightly different
Only varies lately
His blood isn't working anymore. Oh because of his ankles. Also. He has huge ankles now
Forget what? Hello
Hello
Oh my god case the ghost temporarily stole your hair. It grew back. Oh good
Trump ankles. Can we deal with the haunting in the studio?
Maybe eventually
You think all the shit he's cramming into himself is catching up. You mean eating nothing but mcdonald's for oh god
Looks like an ad for kizzix
What?
Oh, well, that's just old. Well, is that just old manhand?
Oh, no, did he do epstein stuff like those royals and he caught the bad hand disease
Sausage fingers disease. I have wavy hands disease. That's unrelated to being a pedophile. Fortunately, that just happens
That's a football injury
But this is bad not just the ankles but the
Frankly cancerous looking hand. This can't be good
Gout. I mean, he's he's um, he's old. He's an old guy
Your body starts to do weird stuff the older you get can relate so can I he does kind of have sack hands now
Burlap sack hands. Maybe that makes it maybe they're stronger than ever. They're finally woven hands at this point
It's possible but unlikely. I think he's just getting older and sicker. This is part of why I'm not that worried about him running for another
a third term
which is still possible unfortunately, but um
I think he's it's gonna. I don't think he's gonna be in like 85 and still healthy
But sometimes the worst people ever make all the wrong health decisions and they just keep trucking along anyway
So I shouldn't get too excited. I shouldn't be calling these shots
He's gonna end up with nixon's robot body before this is over
Well, just think how lucky we are that we didn't discover the secret to reversing aging
You know currently the price is all of us will have to get old and die
But at least we don't have an immortal donald trump
Or we would never be rid of him
with a bad quality of life
Yeah, he might become
like a mad max
baby
So baby from mad max he might become the baby in the on the shoulder of the guy from mad max
And then jd vance who's not as big as the big guy they got to carry that baby around us is gonna have to
painstakingly wheel him around on his shoulder
This is starting to sound kind of cool. I'm back in I'm conservative again. What okay, I'm off again
It's probably bad, but come on. That's pretty sick if he's violence joe or whatever
Mortem joe
Deadly joe super joe
Joe biden and donald trump do the fusion dance and they turn into the baby from mad max
master blaster
Okay, they turn to master blaster. I don't know what trump and
biden would turn into if they did the fusion dance
Mmm
A sarlacc no, that's too big
It'd be it'd be dusty
It's some would be like a dusty mummy. That's kind of chubby a dusty chubby mummy, but immortal
It would the both of their life expectancies combined could pull them through at least another year
He should try injecting his son's blood like that one guy. Oh, yeah, god. I was I I haven't covered his story in a while
I've already deleted the memory file that holds his name
Well, look, we are gonna cover a bunch of stories
But we'll maybe do that in a sec because we spent so long
Investigating the important issues of the day like did trump say enigma turns out. Yeah
I'm thinking he did
You just want the return of salazar. Well, that's an immortal that we can all get behind
It's it's doable cv loves you the process to do it though is going to require a bit of research from me
It's like probably a day of work that I just haven't had
To really dig in to the finer side of snap camera
Of what well? I gotta take a snap on my camera of salazar to coax him over here. What?
Don't don't think about it. Okay
um
Okay, let's uh keep these segments rolling. I don't have
All night to stream unfortunately
I do though. So you just hang out with me in the hot tub. We don't have a hot tub chat
Do you call me chat? I did but I meant to say chat
Why don't we have a hot tub? I thought you were a streamer. It's like so expensive and I'd never use it
No, we could stream all of our streams this whole desk could just be a hot tub instead
Studio hot tub sub goal exactly. He's been helping the european euro exactly
He's been um, he's coming over here to negotiate all the remaining trade deals that trump promised to do in 30 days
As soon as he gets here, that's all gonna get wrapped up
It's all getting wrapped up folks and I'm getting the sign from myself to wrap it up
I actually signaled myself. I'm my own red light and I just gave it to me
And now I've got the red light to to actually go stop
Which is a green light that is red
What?
And that's the news
Back again
For the little internet fire time
What the heck just ignore that. That's uh, it's going around the studio lately. I have some
I think for peo keeps hitting the wrong button or something
Okay
Um, let's see
What do we do?
We're just breaking down the top videos
From around the internet. Whoa. What an incredible and novel concept. I know it's like the future
Of the internet now
Ghost crumb is a new favorite feature
He's ghosting it up all over the place
We revealed his wonderful secret of art
We did we all know that trump is a true artist now
His failing veins are what is causing his lower voice
Do you just get older as you get older? Do you just sound
Deeper as you get older do you sound deeper? Does he sound deeper now?
Does you mean your voice gets deeper? No, I mean his deep writings about enigmas and friendship
As you age you gain insights it lowers both your voice and the depth of your fault
Yeah, truly
He went uh straight
Poetic with it straight up poetic. What a poetic way to put it case
Truly i'm a master of language gross crumb is new favorite feature
Thank you. I I will be busting him soon though. The plan is to bust him
What did lilyanna think of the new intern?
Oh, there's a new inter
Well, so yeah, oh
I can't actually access the the intern hangs out in the main newsroom
Um, so I can't access them from here
And also maybe I forgot to turn on the intern to what to the end on I mean to
Clock in the interns time card. Well, they should really do that themselves cakes
Exactly
Let me just turn on the intern real quick. What are you saying?
Nothing just I let me
turn on the interns
um
Time
Stop fucking the interns guys. I'm not they wouldn't want to anyway
They would reject me
They would but you should not want to do it for other reasons. There's other reasons and I also know that they wouldn't want to
Okay, but maybe just like being an adult and I see some guesses in the chat
crumb hippo
Crummy hippo, I'll never tell how close you are chat. That's not how ghost busting works
Okay, well, what are we doing? That's those internet videos to watch. Let's get down to business
You always say you're gonna go fast case and then you never do. Well today that changes
I'm gonna go so fast. You're already talking a lot. Oh, right
That ain't
That was beautiful. I mean gorilla, are you jealous of those
smooth
lyrics and instrumentation
Gorilla doesn't get jealous of fellow artists. He celebrates their achievements
Among other recreational activities he has like what just other
Activities he does sometimes some people in chat aren't as big of a fan
It's x-mation point zero work. Hmm. You know, let me check
Let me make sure x-mation point zero
is still a viable option
Of number it's supposed to be
I'll tell you what it is supposed to be
um
Yeah, it works
It adds it to the average
So your zeros
In this segment at least still work zero point zero points don't work
I tried to also introduce negative numbers streamer bot wasn't having it
It likes positive integers only
What's left positive integers?
Okay
Let's
See what this is
Oh
God
No sub goal just dropped Kendall
What was
Kendall you want to see a thing that you could try?
She doesn't have pants on so we can't we can't do this on multiple levels
What what happened to her pants?
You know what speaking of that um look at this gorilla for a second while I
You will regret it
This is very this is starting to
No offense to crumb we've I had all moments what?
But this is my segment
Look, he'll find a way to make his segment here is one second. What's the step? Sorry. I was just looking around the room for
crumb ghost bust
That's a pretty good guess. Do you said you weren't gonna tell them I'm close? They went I just appreciate crumb ghost bust as a phrase
um, all right
What else do we have?
That was solid but Kendall has no interest
So what can I do? I can't get her to pick me up today
Whoa, what's this guy doing? Oh, it's on
whoa
uh-oh
Honorable he let him stand up very nice
Sneak goes getting worked
He's doing okay though. Oh
What a useless guy
Oh my god, wait, we gotta see that again. Look at this. Oh
What a useless guy damn that's called to say
What a useless guy
Is he dead?
I guess oh, he's out of here
Wow that had it all I feel like I watched a whole movie just now life like a movie
That's the power real cinema those are the that's the art form that's so lacking
In today's modern cinema cinematic attempts
Closing shots like that the the raw visceral action
That used to be so readily accessible in the 80s or
Early 90s or late 70s. I don't know when that was from it's cool to be the 80s
To kick someone else into the sunset a powerful metaphor for
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
What's this guy's deal?
This could be very annoying.
We're going to find out together.
I don't know what to say. I don't know what to think.
We saw it though. We have born witness to whatever that was.
Whatever that was. A son called Denyves.
I'm impressed. I'm impressed and disgusted.
The best type of impressed.
Gotta love the commitment.
You have to love it.
And I do.
Alright, I'm going to scroll up to find one to end on.
Woah.
This looks like a strong finisher.
This looks like the time of thing.
The type of thing that can definitely finish us.
Woah. Not yet.
Save it.
I'm ready to be finished.
7.93 for our intrepid teletubby.
Anime flash.
Soap opera.
Beautiful stuff.
We're coming in high, but average height today.
I'd like to say nice and average high.
Let's close it off strong with a blonde lady.
Everything happens to me.
I'm broke. Can't pay my bills.
I think I'm cursed.
I'm not a good person.
I'm not a good person.
I'm broke.
I'm not a good person.
I'm not a good person.
I'm not a good person.
I'm not a good person.
I'm not a good person.
I'm not a bad person.
I'm just bad luck.
Stop. If you're tired of bad luck.
If you think your life is jinxed,
now you can change it with
eDavid Scott's curse removal.
Call this number and follow simple instructions.
It really works.
Because the curse did happen during that.
We might be slightly cursed right now.
I have my best people on it.
Who's that?
The cowboy one?
That's not your best guy.
I don't even remember his name,
but he wears a cowboy hat and I'm related to him.
One of your cousins?
Yeah, one of my cousins.
He's on top of it.
He'll figure it out.
You see a new character in your future?
I could be a cursed lady on the floor.
Hangman Adam Page.
Oh yeah, respect to Hangman Adam Page.
He seems to be having a rough health go of it.
Hope he's doing okay.
Shout out to Adam Page.
This 9.6 goes out to you.
I don't think that'll make him feel better.
No, probably not.
Thoughts and prayers are whatever works best.
Oh, I do mean Adam Cole.
You piece of shit.
Oh no, I am a piece of shit.
I do mean Adam Cole.
And now I'm definitely cursed.
Adam Cole, apologies.
Incredible guy to work with.
He's going through it.
That 9.6 went out to Adam Page for his big victory.
That's the right Adam, right?
There's so many Adams in AEW.
They gotta cut down on their Adams.
Okay, well not, okay, yeah.
Well anyway, thoughts and prayers to Adam Cole.
Legitimately though, I hope he's doing okay.
Snuff into that slum, John.
The stream is cursed.
It's the curse that's getting me all messed up today.
Probably would have given it a three.
Well, there was always next time.
Unless there's not because we seem to be experiencing a
portrait guys.
I'm not sure yet.
That cowboy guy will tell us.
He'll relate it to him, learn his name.
I can't remember every cousin I have whose name
starts with Jay.
All right, well, case is a bad guy
and we've learned that together.
But he'll be in more stuff
because it's his stream, unfortunately.
We will see you soon, bye bye.
I was unsatisfied with my appearance yesterday
because I barely got to talk.
Well, we didn't have a lot of time, Rick.
Today I'm taking my time back
because I don't like all of the insipid
anti-American commentary happening on this stream.
And I think it's important to provide
a strong counterbalance of whatever
the current power brokers tell me to say.
So I'm here to do that.
Well, at least you're up front about it.
Well, I am trying to be so that it's even more confusing.
Is it working?
I can't tell, Rick.
Then I'm doing my job.
You have two minutes.
What?
That's not enough time at all.
Are you actually upset?
Am I?
Maybe I'm never upset, Keith.
Maybe it's all, as they say, a sigh up.
Why are you saying it like that?
Because if you say it ironically,
it's even more confusing.
I'm doing a sigh up.
See, now nobody even knows.
Classic Russian disinformation question mark.
You know, they didn't invent that.
They just get a lot of credit for it.
All I need is two minutes to Steve.
We're on the same page.
Leave Steve alone.
Don't wink at Steve.
Sorry.
Sorry if I'm cool with the bros.
And that I am sorry if I get it.
What are you getting?
It.
News time.
It's the news time.
And there's a Captain Planet story.
And now I'm gonna have that song stuck in my head.
Do-de-do-do-de-da.
All your stories at once.
I'm actually doing that.
So deal with that, chef.
Captain Planet and the Planetiers live action series
at Netflix.
At Netflix.
At Netflix.
Captain Planet and the Planetiers,
an animated TVS series from the 90s.
We know.
Stop talking down to me.
We're well-informed people that know all about Captain Planet.
Tara Hernandez best known for creating
and we'll be going to the park later.
Mrs. Davis on Peacock and writing the Big Bang Theory
and Young Sheldon is writing the Captain Planet series.
And here he is.
And it'll be on Netflix.
We got it.
We do in fact get it.
I guess let's move on.
Hey Nintendo.
Guess who, what?
Guess who might have just gotten a switch.
What the fuck you talking about?
There's a little delay on the dramatic zoom in.
Oh, it took me a second to process.
Local father.
Sorry, it wasn't you, but it was me.
I did. I got one today.
Oh, yeah, Richie Rich.
It's wasted money.
And honestly, I probably shouldn't be wasting money
on systems I'm only going to play very sparingly.
But now I get to play Mario Kart World.
You piece of shit.
Honestly, it was a bit of an impulse purchase
because I looked up switches in my area
and there happened to be like two remaining at a target.
And I was like, limited supply.
I got to get it.
But you just instantly fell for the limited supply marketing?
Yeah, but I said it was going to be that Donkey Kong game.
And I want to be listed in the cold
while everyone else is playing Donkey Kong.
Well, okay, because the next story is about that.
Don't get sued for saying the end company.
That makes it sound way more insidious.
It's the end company word.
Nintendo, ah, shoot, I said it.
The end company is probably regaining
those switch tube mouse controls
as players flock to Donkey Kong bananas
as artists mode to create penises
and other cursed sculptures.
Anything we can show.
Can I show, this doesn't look enough
like a penis to get me in trouble.
This is what they're making.
You spend $499 to $700 on a switch.
And this is what you do with that great responsibility.
Shame on you gamers.
Tisk, tisk.
Do better.
Kids are going to see that.
They're going to see that orange penis shape thing.
God bless America.
Now you got God bless America stuck in my head propaganda.
God bless America.
Land that's above the secret whole empire.
What?
Sorry, I was singing a different version.
You learned that one in the CAA.
All right.
Uno time.
Uno's pop up social club with bowling,
nostalgia and more is headed to Los Angeles.
Here's what we know.
There's an Uno club.
That's what we know.
Moving on.
Wow, Rick, you're actually moving through things today.
Well, there's an Uno club in Los Angeles.
They're going to have drinks
and you'll probably get to play Uno.
And maybe there'll be kind of like Uno theming.
There, I just did it.
Did the whole story.
At the end of a long day,
how many of us humans unwind with an episode
of a favorite?
My two minutes are up.
I kind of like this rule, MSG.
I think your two minutes are up.
What?
Draw four.
I just drew four more minutes.
Okay, four more minutes is all you get.
You better make these stories count.
I always do.
I always know exactly what I'm doing.
Science reveals dog's favorite type of TV.
This is, oh, my two minutes were.
Shit, God, it's science, I don't know.
Can't listen, yes.
You were a thousand years too early
to keep doing the news, Rick.
Leave it to the professionals
who have a segment that's triggered by word.
You fool.
I'm drunk with power.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
What?
I'm just laughing at you
where I don't really know how to respond to things.
Believe in yourself.
Okay.
Science has revealed dog's favorite shows.
This is probably the biggest story of the year and I'm the only guy qualified to cover it.
Let's be real, I'm doing us all a favor by bringing my scientific acumen to the story of this kind of importance.
At the end of a long day many of us humans unwind with an episode of their favorite TV show, but if you're a dog...
At home, what the frick?
One second actually.
I need to check on all this ghost nonsense.
This is unskientific that we're even paying heed to this type of lunacy.
One second.
What the heck?
I'm looking into the middle distance to see if I can spot a ghost.
Not because the wrong thing triggered.
A do do do do do do do one second.
Just one quick second.
Oopsie.
Good thing the part of the screen was covered up.
Oh, it's Kendall, everybody.
What's up?
Kendall has an idea for tomorrow that she wants to run by everybody.
Yes?
You're gonna have to provide more context on everything here Kendall other than the cold play thing
But you didn't be left out like the opening part that they would need to know
You're just asking me. Oh, yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, that's a fun idea
It's funny. They can't Kendall is going to a certain park tomorrow
She has not that popular. It's just a little park
Anyway, she thinks it could be a good idea to
Repreate the cold play couple meme all over said park. I don't think that's solid. I think that's solid
I think you do the pose everywhere and every time you get caught you're like
By different camera
By different Disney the different Disney bloggers walking around they're like, oh, it's that couple again
Is
The AC on also he turned it on
This guy's is getting a little too heavy and hot in here
People have been doing it so might as well get into it exactly. All right, um
Where were we you're learning about dogs? Oh, yeah, the biggest story of the year
What the hell do dogs watch on TV and why it turns out whether or not your dog enjoys time in front of the tube depends on
Fido's not their name. Fuck you individual temperament and what's playing traits like excitability and anxiety level determine how pets engage with television
Per a survey based study published on July 17th. Not but
17 or so days ago
Is the 18th?
It is I missed a custody hearing again. I
Thought it was July 1st
Our chat records indicate that you talked to me for about three hours on your July 4th plans
I forgot is the thing that happens to anybody. So sorry kids. I do have a type 15 all of my kids names
Jeans Levi
Bardock
Bardock one of my kids name is Bardock named it before the Dragon Ball Z dad was a thing to seem like a cool name
He's actually my oldest
And personality of the dog influences their viewing habits
Jeffrey Katz lead study author psychology professor in comparative cognition researcher at Auburn University in, Alabama tells popular skies
his
co-authors also found that the subject and his name as well of a show plays a big role in
Canine engagement with animal-centric content yielding a more enthusiastic response. Everybody loves representation
That's why it's so important to put
Every type of pet in a show and
I don't know I don't know that that's considered woke that I think if you've got like a dog and a hamster in it
In a show you should also have a cat
Is that considered woke?
Is it not I?
Think that's considered in practical. Are you disagreeing with me? No, no, this is filling some context. I don't have
the ability to disagree with you
good
Okay, sick. That's all I needed to know
The dogs love bluey more than blue close blues clues
There's only one sky and test you could find out send me an army of dogs. They will not be returning to their owners
They're necessary sacrifices on the altar skies. You want to kill dogs to figure what show they like
They're gonna have to be watching these shows around the clock. They might not have time to eat
I'll send an email for you about it to the SPCA. Okay. Yeah, is that like the scientific pet collection?
agency
No, it's not I can't tell you lies apparently. Oh
That's probably the time yet that is probably all the time we have we've got to get to the street
We got to sing a song or some dumb shit and I'm
Busy straight up trying to catch this poltergeist that's storming around the studio spreading letters everywhere like a goddamn disease
More letters popping up all over the place. You know, he's
What could happen with all of these letters and that's and that's our God
That's the thing I'm saying now. It's time for the streets. Oh
You thought I was gonna talk. Yeah, right, you know, I'm gonna talk way too much. It's me
Trippy bee the only man on these streets capable of checking in with all of your opinions via one simple chat
Commander not a secret one
Like that seems to be going around
Exclamation point trip is how you send me your hot opinions
Looks like we're currently waiting on them. So if you've got them send them if you've got them
Otherwise, I'll be talking to street ghosts, which I might talk to anyway depending on the opinions
crumbs hem tarot
Didn't seem to do anything
So we haven't been cured of whatever this curse is quite yet. I feel like I'm starting to understand
How this particular game is played
Very clever ghost, but I've gotten you figured out every time I fart a new letter appears
They show that's how it works
Let's check in
With whoever's a another fucking ladder. What a surprise
Okay
Who's out here?
Man is ready to talk to me
Yes, yes, yes, I see a fellow approaching. Yes, you there. You've got a thought for me. I am still trippy bee
Do you have any thoughts on the scratch command? How do I scratch command?
I
Thoughts on the secret command. Well, you know what I'm saying dang it
It's probably it seems to definitely start with crumb if I had to guess
Unless someone's being a real piece of shit, and it's like crap. You think it's crap
I mean, I think this ghost is being a real crappy butt about it by not just telling us what the deal is
Okay
But no, it's it's probably
Probably said starts with the CR seemingly right is it crap? Could be
Okay
Do you have any thoughts on it? No, I don't like to think about that kind of thing feels like a waste of time to me
When I see a ghost, I'm like no
No ghost
No
That's my thought
I'm a fan big fan. Maybe
Crumb's hand game. No, that's a good guess
But apparently not right
Let's see
propane enigmas all of his friends are propane enigmas
It's a difficult way to make friends
But he tries nonetheless
Okay
Crumb believable what the fuck is this guy's deal? Yes you there. Yes
What?
Hurricane season is a powder
What's your list of hurricane snacks hurricane snacks I didn't realize that's a thing because you're in the shelter
Is there a guy in there? No, I am the wind. Oh, right
You're tornado. Yeah, but I'm like what did you do thought on hurricane season?
I think the best hurricane snack is cow tails
What it's only popular in certain southern states, I think you know, it's like a little
Toffee and cream treat a brown
Long floppy snack filled with cream
Give me a big bucket of cow tails and I'll make it through any natural disaster
I'm a fan member that is disappointing. All right
Not everybody likes cow tails. That's fair, but I like them and that's also fair
So get off my back
tornado
What makes you think you even deserve to have an opinion on hurricane snacks when you're busy being a cyclone?
Yes, you a wooden man
What
You can you can see it
I'm using my husband
From why you are not a little your crumb. I'm
I'm cursed. Um, we were supposed to go on a date night. I barely had to do something
You I've seen crumbs I've been on the stream before I still don't understand
What he did his job? Well, what do you do your a little?
Artistic posing model. Okay. I'm still married. I don't think you're belulia
But I've seen crazier things if you need help
Unraveling the nature of your wooden curse. Well, we're trying
It seems to be an elaborate game of game of hangman and
Not the wrestler not making that mistake like case
When's it coming home? I don't know belulia
Wooden mannequin ish whatever these things are called
Seem to have also developed a little bit of a mustache belulia nothing wrong with that just letting you know
It's not just a wood. You also have a stash now
That's from before okay, sorry about that. I don't like it. It's stately. Okay
You really don't know he's around
What you heard that belulia if that's really your name, it is
Then that's the I don't know go ask a park ranger. They're around. Oh, okay, and they know
Got out of that one smoothly
Yes, what the frick yes you there hey Travis me Carl bluist
Can you tell me my man, can you tell me man is there eating all my delicious whoopers and which is
Whopper whoopers and which is I got those three next week
You know
We don't do that fucking you learn no Carl blues. I don't know your mom Carl
This sounds like you have a issue with your parent and that's very common as a child
What I would say is they're probably treating you with patients
So why don't you return the favor and cut your mom some slack?
She's eating my whoopers
Don't yodel if you're claiming not to be the yodeling monkey guy. I'm Carl blues. Okay Carl. That's yes. I see that
You gonna help me no you're good. I'm a fan
Okay, they're taking it easy on me today. Thankfully
Okay, got some comments here specifically one busting crumb makes me feel good
Me too if only I could figure out what makes him bust
But so far no one's been able to figure that particular mess out
Who knows how many of these weird grossly messages will have to see before we crack the code. Yes, you there
Hi, Tret Tret. Yes, hear me out
Chase cake is neither nor cake, but it is somehow the best chase
And the best cake
It's neither cheese nor cake, but it's the best
cake
and the best cheese
Is a riddle wrapped in an enigma wrapped in a friendship wrapped in secrets
It's not how I would put it every day is another beautiful secret between cakes
cheese cake
This are you trying to this a secret message are trying to give me right now. I'm not into that New York elite
Party lingo what I say about enigmas and cakes
I
Think you have a point although I would argue a pancake is neither a pan nor a cake
But it's my favorite type of thing to put in my mouth. Wow. I thought she said he didn't know the lingo
I forgot that I'm talking to a floating pancakes
It wasn't meant to be aimed at you
Nope, nope you didn't earn it
Your pancakes
What's that supposed to mean your pancakes I don't have to take you that seriously Wow, okay Wow, I guess I'll just go
Wow
It's floating pancakes
It's gonna go stale in a couple of minutes and then it's the rangers problem
Yes, oh great
This guy died
Yes, you there
Wants to crush crumbs called into dust for some reason
Like the new blue hat no
Wow
Are you gonna kill me or not do it? I've lived a long and fruitful life
I welcome the possibility of death at all moments. That's what it means to be an opinion man
I am yeah, I'm ready
Crack this head like a delicious walnut filled with all the knowledge of the streets if you must bear
You look dead in the face and I blinked
Yogi-Bogi bear
What Yogi-Bogi bear I don't yearn for death. I just welcome it if it approaches me. All right
Um, yes, uh you there. Oh boy. Hello. Hmm
Hey trip, it's your boy Lester hide bangs
Hello yet Lester who started the mosh pit in the park yesterday
There wasn't any music playing. It was a real fucking weird happening man
Even saw the hamster of yours from the bush in the pit and he or she don't know is an absolute
Monster freaked me out looking at you if you're watching
Disturbing stuff. What's the deal who started it? There was no music
Was it your hamster because people want to know there were injuries bad ones
Some people say Thomas Bingett might never eat carrots again
And that was himself substitute for chips and how we lost on the weight
People are saying that saying what you just said. I just said that why would I lie? I'm Lester head bangs
You park kids are always trying to prank my fucking ass off
Well, my ass is securely above my hips and I don't believe that my hamster could cause that kind of havoc
And also is not my hamster. He's my accountant
For once trip. This isn't about us
Pranking your ass to bits until your whole ass is just leaking poop because your ass was so blasted by our prank that it's no
longer continent
What this is serious
Lester I don't have fucking time for this my hamsters innocent
Until proven otherwise, and I don't have to tell you a goddamn thing
I'll never forget the time that you filled the pond water with straight-up rat poison to try to kill me
It was a prank and it wasn't enough rat poison to kill you just to make you have diarrhea
Well, I'll never let you know if the mission was accomplished. It was we took video of it because you poop publicly
Just cuz it's dark doesn't mean it's totally dark
That's fucked up to record. It's fucked up to poop in the park trip. Us kids all think so. Are you a kid?
Prank boys out. This is serious though
Lester fucking head bangs always trying to prank my ass off. I agree arrest him
Arrest that man immediately
For crimes against me specifically
Filming me while I shit that definitely feels actually fucked up to do
Okay
I
Yes, you there. Oh, yeah, it's me. I can't oh
Boy from this recent movie. Have you seen tornadoes around?
I'm trying to reach teach my son a lesson about
Sacrifice by killing myself and scarring him for life
And I really need a tornado
Let's already look you're from a slightly different universe cannon-wise. I'm assuming and we tried that and it
Some people received received it surprisingly well, but a lot of people thought it was pretty fucking stupid
So so what you're saying is to teach him a lesson about sacrifice. I should
Kill myself using a sewer grate
An open sure great. I fall into it while trying to deliver peaches
I shatter both my legs and a starve to death in the sewer
And that'll teach him by sacrifice
Sacrifice myself
No, I'm that's one of the worst ways you could have thought to do that and also just don't do that
The pizza gets eaten by the rats in this scenario
Point is he never he can't save me or people will realize the superman
You're telling me
Currently that is Superman well, he's got to learn one way or another
treat justice and
The Kentucky why you're not even from Kentucky. You're supposed to be
You know what I don't even know
Anyway, I think it's a good idea and I'd appreciate your support even if I don't have it if you don't have it
I can't give it to you big fine
It's gonna be all the time we have for now pocket is currently taking the lid off a manhole cover and I really I
Really don't need to hear him
Whispering for help to try to not alert his son, but somehow teach him a lesson
So I'm gonna go try to stop him from murdering himself in a cartoon way
That's all the time we have for today. Don't worry. I'll still be out on these treat on these streets
Okay, because I never stop paying for a second. All right. I'm trip Bradstein and I'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Guys it is music time
music top
All of our ears
Exactly late night
time
to rap about letters
Let's make sure we have the request right R&B song about how they never written a picture to a woman
They have never written a picture to a woman
Nice could be more of a duet situation
Between two bros. We made it to get two artists for this one
You kind of take a verse or something. It's kind of next level actually now. Yeah, that idea
Such as the ghost writer see what they can work out for us
I'll of course be mixing the beat doing all the production work here in the studio
DJC for a music production
There's also apparently a haunted going around so hopefully that doesn't mess with any of my equipment
That would be very inconvenient
Okay
It's not what's posted
Sorry, I'm getting a cosmic message that that didn't quite work as intended one second
I'm hearing a voice from beyond telling me
Hold up
Whoa, what the heck it's crazy, man. I feel inspired
To hit up even more hot tracks
All right, let's set it down to the ghost floor
the ghost writers room
See what they got for us today for a
R&B song about how they
Have never written a picture of a woman. What's up everybody? It's the ghost writer
No longer doing the news
We're doing the art now actually you can guess what it is
Look as a ghost. I gotta say this is amateur hour. I'm communicating
The cure to a curse or whatever he's trying to do. This is some lightweight ghost shit
I would have had I would have been hiding stuff like in the background would have been nuts
I'd have been doing all sorts of nuts stuff. I would have been like
Making effects fly around and like everything be like swirly and crazy be like an anagram involved. I'm just saying step up your game
Kind of hilarious that all these fast food chains are chiming in on cheating
They've never cheated before themselves
Fast food chains are all about emotional honesty turns out
Let me pull up my lyrics for the day
We also got to find a sick R&B beat that makes our ears soaking wet
industry turn
Know it sounds gross, but that's the kind of thing you're looking for when you're stealing copyright free instrumentals to write lyrics over
See some hot
guesses in the chat
What I'm actually kind of busy right now
Excuse me. Hello the fucking devil. Are you serious?
This is what we're working with today
What are you looking at?
What the fuck and you got crumbs so close to me fucking stinks in here. Oh great. It's it's much cut. I got the
Hello
What sort of chat command has dead summon the devil
You got fucking rookie summoned by a goddamn chat command. See this is why I refuse to call in my devil favorite. Oh great
It's I'm not even gonna dignify you by
Knowing your name, but you know my name. You know my goddamn name. Mr. Lucifer. I don't go by that anymore
I go by many names
Steven Richard and also the devil those are the three also the devil is one of them
Goddamn it
I'm not using my devil favor. I don't care. I come back now
Sorry crumb has a voice box now you is that this is crumb
Wait, this is crumb. Oh
my god
Please make a certain wish what?
Look, I'm just saying there's no way to bring back the dead
but
But if you could I
Don't want to I
Know come on. I know your deepest desires. You want to bring it back. No
No, look, it's extremely inconvenient the way he talks currently
But I don't want to bring him back at all and I'm not using my goddamn devil wish on that so
But come on
Come on. I gave you a perfectly good one. I won't even do as much of the weird cursed stuff
We got to get him out of there
He's been mucking things up in ways that are frankly even annoying to me and this situation here
It's really fucked up. You literally are doing a show with a husk you husked him out. I
Don't even approve of husking people. Okay. This is an abomination
He's fine. He just has hurt vocal cords. You straight up abomination Tim. Come on. Come on
Just get him out of there. I will not be burning my devil wish
Satan
What are you gonna use it on that's so good? I don't know
Look, okay fine. No wish. We just have to just sacrifice something something
Here's the deal the best way to zoom a corpse as a soul from hell is you have to sacrifice something that only matters to you
Can you think of anything like that?
Something that only matters to me something incredibly valuable, but specifically only to you
Everything I value is high value to everyone so I can't I
Can't think of anything like that
You can't think of anything like that
Nope
Nor would I sacrifice a thing for crumb because he got himself into this mess
Okay, fine, or you could like best of five me in a debate best of five
Jesus Christ it's gonna be like a week of this shit best of three. I don't know best of
Ten you brought it you bring it up
How lazy are you as lazy as I want to be you're the fucking devil you're supposed to appreciate my level of sloth
Averis and all the other good things I do I
Don't want to fit. I'm I'm past fiddling we could rap battle. I'm not fucking rap in the devil lazy
Are you I already told you?
Best of five best of five debates. All right, I'll fucking wipe the floor with you in five debates
All right
They're very good. We're gonna have to get you a fucking I'll do that. I'll just do it for crumb
I'll do it on behalf of crumb beat this husk the voice that I'll debate for in five debates and
Please get him the fuck out of hell. He is making it
Worse in a way that isn't hell like it's just nobody likes it. It's like
You know, it's it's like
It's like a macaroni maze that
Like we you know got all those one houses
There's macaroni on the floor, but they didn't change it all day. You're like what the fuck
This is spooky in a bad way. This is just gross
Macaroni macaroni. You never know what it is about macaroni on the floor and it's supposed to be slimy
But they didn't count on it
rotting
That's incredibly specific and no
It's it is substantially worse and I would like to
I'd love to you know
Get this tenant out of here and illegally I can't evict him because
I'm apparently supposed to be trapped on there just like everyone who makes it well
He is extremely satisfied to know that he was in hell not that I'm surprised
Well, I'm surprised that this is the first one that I'm like
You can have them. Please take them
You do have rosacea. This is no
I literally take the form that you imagine me in. I'll write I imagine you as
Prime Christie Brinkley
Well, you're not doing a good job because I still look like this like you essentially
No, I would not imagine myself as the devil. I
Don't even like you that much because I'm a I'm like whatever religions popular right now. You don't even know Jesus, man
You can see it if you squint I don't you barely look like well, you know
I'm usually a more handsome version of whoever
I could literally be like squirming tentacles if you had an imagination, but apparently you don't
What the fuck do you want to debate? Um?
It could be literally anything the point is
Unfortunately, I do have to try a little bit and if I try a little bit
I'm essentially an immortal infinitely intelligent being so gonna try to sandbag it as hard as I can but I
Am pretty hard to defeat and pretty much everything I'll debate literally like the voice of your enemy. Okay, so I'm pretty much
Like the man JC, but not on the cross got two tomahawks. I'm taking all the Romans out. That's my debate style
Well, if that's a preview then I am concerned for all of us because I cannot emphasize enough
How much I would love to get rid of this motherfucker? The devil doesn't stand a chance unfortunately
Which is a shame because I would love to keep crumb in hell obviously I literally can see your desires
What do you think you're vooling everyone including myself? I'm the best in the world
All right. Well, look, what are we debating almond joy versus mounds? Isn't that the same thing? No
It sounds like the same thing. There's little mounds in the almond or whatever
This was your debate topic can the devil win a debate against munch as a debate topic of course I can
Well, wait, that's so abstract though. That's fucking perfect. Can we please do that?
Um, I guess I mean, isn't it well, I'm sure whatever I don't actually care about that
Are you sure you don't want to just give me a point?
No, I earned these points. I know that you don't even believe that you think you can read my head
But what you're seeing is a facsimile of my multiversal form a shadow cast by all the souls I devoured when I became munch prime
Oh my god, you are delusional on a level. That's surprising even to me
I'm sorry if you don't respect the canon of minds distance, but some of us saw it happen. Okay?
All right, you are
Seemingly schizophrenic on a level that's even surprising to me
But I will debate you nonetheless if we don't have my have a mod that minds making it. I'll say it
There's not a modern traffic and make that debate. We'd of course appreciate it
I will be on the side of yes, I can beat the devil and I will
Unfortunately have to take the task of informing you why you don't stand a single chance mortal
Can we turn out this fucking lo-fi music? What the fuck even is this not music to debate to all right?
Thank you
Goddamn
What kind of shit?
Do you get into anyway? We've got to kill some time. I don't even know if there's a mod around
You should know that kind of I don't fucking keep track at every little thing. I'm not some kind of
Hyper anal fixated devil man
anal and like
Festivious and too precise
Yeah, whatever
Well, I can go there we go um
Look the thing is
In a sense you can't win no matter what you do the score
I suppose could read a certain way, but I can literally see into your soul
You're cannibalizing your very
Existence with every move that you'll make by living in this facsimile of a form that you claim to care about
Everything you do is pure self-destruction. I can see it written on the very nature of your being
Deeper than bone deep down to your soul
You're a fraud in every way imaginable and it is killing you despite your ludicous claims to be immortal
You'll end up in the same place as everyone else the debate you see is against yourself
And I win every time when you constantly focus on yourself
That's simply the result endless selfishness begets nothing but suffering and that's what you'll experience
Immortally by the time that you have to reckon with the truth of your life, which will happen eventually my friend you will lose
Fucking whiny pseudo intellectual bullshit is that the fact of the matter is nah look at the score you fucking idiot
I'm literally currently winning the proof is in not even the pudding the proof is in the sexy fucking pussy
Yeah, I said it
I'm giving birth to nothing but victory because I'm one of the best to ever fucking do it and the fact that you think you can
Step to me just cuz you got fucking red horns and you're vaguely British
You got some kind of classic historical accent or something is goddamn pathetic
You want to focus on some kind of hypothetical where I actually ever feel bad for even a second good luck?
I'm not even selfish. I'm just fucking realistic. I'm inside my own self
And I know how good it feels to be me and that's why you can never fucking touch this devil
I
functionally
Actually win wins and losses are real and the scoreboard reads 280 munch not a fucking
Chance devil man devil may cry bitch you weeping. Yes. Oh
So fucking easy
Thank God
All right, we said best of five what?
Well, I thought you said best of five right come on you didn't have to call me on that
Are you kidding? I?
Thought you said best of five. Oh
My god, I don't want to hang out in this room forever long that takes
From still has six
Yeah, what's two more sixes in front of that apparently cuz he's fucking hell
I knew he was gonna go there
Really wish he hadn't
Not entirely sure. I mean I kind of get why he did he is insanely annoying, but
Honestly, he would be doing a better job with whatever that is up there
Can you just take this husk and get out of you literally just ruined it and we got to do this at least two more times
The contract that you're signing with me is hypothetical it can shift depending on your desires
And you're so afraid of confronting what you actually want you're doing nothing but making excuses
You're the one who said best of five
Look at all delight delighted over there at everything fucking creepy man
This is as a month. This is as much like a pedophile as someone can look for the record
I'm the devil and that is still mean to say that is mean to say
So you're not responsible for that. I mean I'm likely responsible for it, but doesn't mean that I'm a proof of it
Technically I judge you for it in a sense. I'm a good guy
My being a bad. Oh my god. You're such a basic bitch
What I do look a little like JD Vance and I don't appreciate it
Could you please imagine any me having a slightly less round but also square jaw?
Just point this thing up a little bit. Well, maybe we just shave the beard. Is that an option?
Have you considered that well then he's probably gonna shave and then where are we just fucking trapped?
You just grow the beard back out. I'm not allowing JD Vance to dictate and I don't look like him actually at all
I look too stately frankly, but case should probably figure all that out
This is the weirdest remake of the seventh seal I want them to remake that that's one that I'd love to see oh
My god, you are sadder than me. That is literally not true. I
Can there's a part of you that is screaming at all times. Nope. That is just the sizzling noise of high-pitched success
The eighth seal. Oh, that's a good one, too
All right, look out. That's that's one count them one. All right
Two more times and I guess I got a deal with
What do I have to do if I win two more times?
You'll be very close to getting him back. You've got that point
Just a hop skip in a wall away. What?
All right, whatever look, um
That's all the time we have unfortunately
We can only do so many debates in a day and that'll do it for now, but uh
Just fucking beat the devil. I mean I really am
Letting you for the record. I'm sure that feels good to say. I'm sure that's very comforting. Well, you fucking lose
Cuz I mean seriously you shouldn't tempt me to actually try because I'm the actual devil
Oh, what's that? It's the wolves in chat. What does that even mean wolves are in chat? And they're my wolf
Everybody calls their fan bases wolves every 13 year old boy
Consider calling people who like them like what like wolf pack?
What did you watch the hangover one and you just stuck with that the wolves are in chat devil?
I'm sorry that you're not part of that. I'm sure that feels bad
I wouldn't want to be but you're talking about it a lot. So that kind of makes me think you do
You're not even letting crumb speak. That's a really good point
Why would we?
What do you mean how much to get munch gorilla punched?
See
He's still talking in fact, I feel like he's already here. So part of me wonders why we're even doing hell
And they hate me here, too. That's so unsurprising. That is so this was ultimately
This is why a cosmic lead devil long time. No, see apparently you've been seeing him a lot
Well, we sort of work in different departments. He's just the only your father
Ha ha bitch. I got the last laugh. I
Already know my dad's in hell you wouldn't believe some of the shit my dad got up to we had different
Nummy to hell please mr. Satan
What is his numby you really don't want to know?
It was like his baby rag that became like a sex rag. I don't even quite remember, but it was gross hurt your vocal chords
This is really what you did
you
Strung up the corpse of your friend
Who you reanimated as a complete ever had a dream that that you um you had you do what you can you do?
Why you want to you could do so you do you could you you want?
What I'm just saying I'm literally in charge of eternal torture and this is wild to do you
Didn't even really reanimate the corpse you didn't put a new soul in it
This isn't even like a pet cemetery situation
This is a completely empty rotting shell that you've strapped a voice box to and you've been sitting next to it for weeks
That's that you do realize that's what you're doing
Yeah, I've improvised I'm a problem solver holy shit
Sacrifice your points
The voice box doesn't even know what it wants sometimes so you realize sacrifice the points
Crumb, I'm not fucking
You who do you think you're talking to you're not gonna guilt me with gorilla glue?
Well, I mean we tried we really tried
I've never tried to glue organs back together like all of them
But damn it crumb just use the points and bring my bald ass back
See he said goddamn it crumb there. I
Maybe cuz he's in hell. He doesn't know how to do anything with damn himself the devil went down on below. Yeah, oh
Oh, yes, yeah, oh
My looking forward to getting her now. That's a woman. That's a woman right there
Geez kind of fucked up man
He's right here
He's not this is very much. Oh come on. Please bring crumb down here to me. I
Don't think it's fucked up that you're not impressed
That I basically did resurrect the devil make Elmo say all those bad things. Oh, I did do that
Do you guys enjoy that? I am I inspired the man to heck is it count?
That's the kind of low rent evil you're getting up to he said all sorts of racist stuff
Well mostly just anti-semitic stuff, but I mean
That's pretty because he's for kids and I had him saying the worst things isn't that crazy
That's fucking lame dude. You're the devil
You're supposed to be spreading like mass death and suffering. Well, I mean I would but you guys are just doing that
It's just doing that 24-7. I can't put that many hats on a hat, you know
I've got to be a little more subtle with it because you guys are just going whole hog evil all the time
It's honestly
Exhaustic, you know do what you love you'll never work a day in your life
Nobody this is this is the saddest thing he does is he misses my friend my friend coach McGurk. Can you stop?
first to three
easy stuff
Can you stop looking at the at the
Camera that way
Devil I am the way into the city of woe. I am the way into eternal pain
I am the way to go among the lost
Justice caused my high architect to move divine omnipotence created me the highest wisdom in the primal love
Before me there were no
But those that last forever as do I have abandoned all hope you who enter here
That's probably all the time we have I think I need a break
Your stamina is lacking you said you want to borrow this contentious with everyone
Technically you and I should be like kindred spirits. You're probably one of the worst souls
I've ever looked at oh well
I take that as a fucking compliment if you're the judge a character no
I mean I literally judge character very accurately like yes
I'm a bad guy, but like I can spot you know takes one to know one and you're one of the worst I've seen oh
No, the devil doesn't like me just jealous of my ass because you know I'd be a better devil than you
Well that you're sort of admitting you know like one of the worst people ever then
No, I'm just saying like I actually kind of get how like people work and you clearly kind of suck
I don't even care what you have to I don't even care what you have to say. It seems like you care
I don't you're being so child you're being so childish
Your breastings that is the most basic one. Yeah, but I mean you should do something about your breath
That's not I'd literally invented that move. Yeah, but you also apparently invented helitosis because it's
Spreading all across this room. It's even overpowering this so I'm not falling for the bad breath thing
I mean I have meant I mean if you have a mental take one, but not for that reason. This is all the time
We have for today. I've had enough mortal. All right. Don't do the voice swirly shit. That's all the time
We have I'm the one who decided not the devil. It was me
The devil right in front of all of you pretty crazy
Pretty crazy. Honestly, you guys kind of saw that whole mystery faster than I thought you would a sort of thing
And I could take the day off, but that's fine
Apparently we got to make a song
So enjoy that still has to happen. We'll talk to all y'all soon. We might have to do these two interviews
We're stacking up the interviews. We would have to do those on Monday, but they'll do them eventually
But for now, I'm fucking out of here just me and then more of whatever case does bye bye
Trying to get a session in and they just like
blah blah blah
Wow neighbors dude even in the studio sometimes it sucks
Yeah, I'm still here. I'm sending to the ghost though because he's got a right stuff
Hmm. Oh, sorry time works differently for me
So I phase in and out of it being faster and slower. So I didn't even register what just happened
Oh to that fucking amateur ghost pop his wad instantly unsurprising dude like I said
Pathetic I'd have had such a cool. I would have such a cool ghost mystery if it was me
But I'm already kind of like out and about you might have noticed I'm sort of
Sort of over that kitty shit where you like hide with messages and stuff and twitch channels
But that's me. I guess if you're a ghost that thinks you're cool, then
You probably do it differently. I'm not really focused on being cool. I'm kind of focused on the art actually so
Let's find a song to sing about drawings and not doing them
I'm the good guest but no my my twitch command secret is way crazier than that. It's so crazy
Epidemics
Where artists go to make music
R&B
Ghosts talks do get huge, but you can't use them. That's part of the curse is
The size of penis you always dreamed of is instantly yours
um
But you it just phases through everything and you can't even touch it yourself
Surprisingly, uh, I'm not annoying because you do still get really horny
All ghosts are that's part of why we moan and stuff. It's like gross. It is gross. We're really horny, but we can't do anything about it
it's like an um
those harry potter movies from the transphobic lady how they fly through um like stinky foods to try to taste them
We do the same thing, but with the stuff that pastor was talking about
From amongst the web. Yeah, I watch the stream. I'm a ghost. Um
All right
The genres are in b but the mood we're looking for
Is sexy
Sexy
We got to work with today. What kind of stuff are we working with?
Turn off this easy listening. It's time for sexy listening
Coldplay vibes it seems to be r&b vibes
Coldplay vibes we'll have to save for
Social media the kind of song you sing when you've never drawn a picture of a woman
Rad Meyer
I want to go down we're making music
specifically what we're doing
Is we're writing a song about how we've never written a picture of a woman before never written a picture of a woman
Hope you had a great stream though
Because that's what we're doing. So maybe your stream was better
Um, I gotta write some lyrics now though
And I need to do it kind of fast one of these days
We're gonna give this a whole process the amount of time it deserves, but that day is not today
Today we just got to write some lazy ass lyrics
Like really not think about it and uh just crank this shit out
Rad's hope you're glad you had a good one
All right, we're just gonna loop this song up
Endlessly let me download it really quick
Just gonna really see how sick we can get to this song
By playing it a lot
While we write really sexy lyrics to it about not writing pictures of women
All right
Boom
Okay
Sorry, let me let me open this
This is the technical stuff like opening files
There it is. Okay, that'll loop it for us. Whoo
Yeah, yeah never drawn a picture of a girl before
Yeah, that's still true never drawn a woman in my life now
Girl when I see that body of yours
I don't feel inspired to do anything
Actually, it's also it's not drawn as it that's written. I'm just gonna kind of free my knees never written
Hmm never written a picture of a girl before
Woman actually never written a picture of a woman before
When I see a girl like you
I'm not inspired to do anything
My imagination
Goes completely blank
Oh, yeah, I picked the chorus. I think the chorus just has to be
Never written a picture of a woman like you before
Never written a picture of a woman like you before
Literally, I have never written a picture of a woman ever
Oh
Work never in a picture of a woman like you before never in a picture of a woman
Maybe then just because they're really never written a picture of a woman before
Okay, we should probably at some point start rhyming words, but we're mostly just vibing out
Then a picture of a woman like you before
Never written a picture of a woman like you before
Because to be clear I've literally never written a picture of a woman before
Never written a picture of a woman like you before
All right, ooh, the only thing I draw is crowds at rallies
Oh, could we have an could we have a rap rig down here? Would this be where it is?
This is very light to try to wrap over
Maybe here
This would have to be where the rap is this is just in here. There's like no beat to it. I guess I could just download a
Bass and throw it in there
Yeah, we could just write a rap in there I guess
All right, um
And the only thing that I draw is crowds at rallies. Oh, wow
Something like that. Okay, we'll pause it so we can focus on rhyming
You're getting flesh
We're getting flight of the concord price
For some reason
My ghost brain turned that into fleshlight of the concords
In my head. I'm not sure why
We're talking about never having AI make a picture of your commands. I don't believe you
Uh
No, it's just specifically never written a picture of a woman before
And that's our chorus so we can kind of build up to it
There's a lot of guys who claim to be poets
My soul has zero art
And baby, I know it. Let's see
I never made a picture of a whore
No, it's actually women. He just doesn't write pictures of women. We don't know because the whore could be a
Identifies a guy or be a guy
Or whatever
And done
I know you're hot
My canvas is blank
You're the finest girl that I've ever seen
But let me be frank
No matter how sexy
This world you are
My canvas is blank
How much does that fill us up?
Put down the pencil girl
There's a lot of guys
Who claim to be poets
My soul has zero art
And baby, you know that I know it
You're the finest girl that I have ever seen but let me be frank
No matter how out of this world you are
Baby, my canvas is blank
Something or other has to go here. That's another lyric at least
And then we have another lyric here and something something rhymes with yeast. Oh, yeah
Never written a picture of a woman like you before however the chorus goes
Never written a picture of a woman like you before
Because I've literally never written a picture of a woman before you know that I've never written a picture of
A woman like you before
And back in it. All right, so we need one more lyric here
Um, what else is is about not drawing? What's a word or phrase that isn't about drawing?
Writer's block. No, that's writing. Um uninspired, maybe
Uh pen and a pad
colorblind
swollen ankles
uninspired pen and a pad
When is this going to be on Spotify?
Someday someday I'll get around to it
But if I did write a picture of a woman before
That's fun to say you make my pencil go limp. Oh, baby
Pencil is limp. That's fun to say
Swollen from my head to my ankles, baby. I am your simp
But no matter how sexy
Corgi butt this one toppling us 34 felony counts
uh
You're better than 34 felony counts
But my pencil still limp because
Good enough whatever
Politics politics references
sexy
by the pastel
Yeah, we have these lyrics
That'll get us somewhere because we have to write
chorus. Oh, I also can say chorus. I should remember that
Verse chorus verse boom. Look at us labeling our shit
Adding grabbing by the pastel to the list
When I see a girl like you
Let me be frank
I'm not inspired to do anything and my mind goes completely blank
Good enough grabbing by the pastel
Because she's a perfect baddie
But the only thing I draw is massive crowds at rallies. Oh
Oh, we need one more
Oh Epstein files might work better for that skimer. Uh happened. What rhymes have happened?
A lot of guys would draw pictures of you and probably get to fapping
My drawing of you is like some secret files girl because it never happened. Okay
Good enough
As usual it's hard to tell if these lyrics will remotely fit
This instrumental
But that's for the artist's worry about
Okay, now we need the bridge
You make my fap end. Oh
Well, this guy is still horny
He just can't draw
We can't write a picture of a woman out of what kind of a rap does this kind of syncopation do it?
Build a bridge in Mexico's gonna pay for it. Let's use that for sure
Okay
Something like that gotta be kind of fast
Let's
Caught ourselves some slack here
We're just gonna look up
Give me a list of
30 words and or phrases about being
Artistically uninspired
No formatting, just a list of words separated by comments.
Great, great, great.
Come on now.
Great, great, great.
This will speed this up.
Writing good lyrics is, it takes too much time.
So we'll just mad-libs it.
We'll do.
Punchline mad-libs.
Uninspired no pen.
Anticambus eye stop.
Still stop.
Sexy ass lack of vision.
Sexy ass lack of vision wet as creative block.
Sexy ass lack of vision wet, hot creative block.
Um, mental fog.
Let's see.
A little un-creatively numb.
Mental fog not even.
Never had a thought.
I'm dumb.
Zero motive.
Let's see.
No flow or motivation.
No flow, tight ass.
So, what's the word for it?
No flow, tight ass.
Creatively numb.
It's gotta just be creative numb.
Creative numb sucks.
Oh, we gotta know that anyway.
My character is at best sketchy.
But I admit these rhymes are catchy.
Oh, still talking about this creep?
Oh, yeah, let's just pull.
Trump, truth, social.
Great, great, great. I guess pull in his.
Maybe we can turn this into a rhyme.
Also, wait, how much do we need?
How much does this get us there?
Uninspired no pen.
Anticambus still stop.
Sexy ass lack of vision wet.
Creative block.
Mental fog not even.
Never had a thought.
I'm dumb.
No flow, tight ass.
Creative numb.
Uninspired in a red empty campus syndrome.
Okay, we didn't write any more than that.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Boom.
Probably somewhere between four and six more lines.
Happened over here.
It's copy and paste.
The Wall Street Journal printed a fake letter.
Supposedly to Epstein.
Yep.
Yes?
Do you want to hang out with Chad?
Then do you mind feeding them?
Sorry, I have a ghost cat that I have to feed sometimes.
Okay.
Ghost Kendall the other. I've got a ghost Kendall.
Oh face, not even just another fake letter.
All I write is bad shit.
People's words are better.
Let's see.
Oh face, not even just another fake letter.
All I write is bad shit.
Other people's words are better.
Um, no print, never write.
Oh, you know what rhymes with stop and lock?
Create a Rupert Murdoch.
No print, never written.
Sue me like I'm Murdoch.
Okay, is this enough?
It's a session of session.
Okay, confession.
Uninspired, no pen empty campus.
Sorry, that's not right.
I came on it too late.
Uninspired, no pen empty campus.
Still stop sexy ass lack of vision.
I created a block.
No print, never written.
Sue me like I'm Murdoch.
Opposite a murder this.
Write a bitch I might not.
Mental fog, not even, never even had a thought.
No flow tight ass.
Oh, that's not a rock.
Oh face, not even just another fake letter.
All I write is bad shit.
Other people's writing is better.
That's enough.
Get rid of rhyming with none.
Go with never even had a thought.
Paintings that I have up, bought that shit, it's all stock.
Oh face, not even just another fake letter.
All I write is bad shit.
Other people's words are better.
Okay, let's see if that fills it up fully.
Uninspired, no pen empty campus.
Still stop sexy ass lack of vision.
I created a block.
No print, never written.
Sue me like I'm Murdoch.
Opposite a murder this.
Write a bitch I might not.
Mental fog, not even never even had a thought.
Paintings that I have up, bought that shit, it's all stock.
Oh face, not even just another fake letter.
All I write is bad shit.
Other people's words are better.
Because I've a picture of a woman before.
You know I never ever ever ever
Written a picture of a woman before.
Uh oh oh.
I'm even gonna get rid of the like you.
It's more true to form if it's just
Never written a picture of a woman before.
Great.
The writing is done.
We have fully written.
Da da da da da da da da da da da.
Where did I?
I can't even tell where Trump's insane.
Things stops and okay.
That's right.
There we go.
Boom!
Okay.
That's so good, God we did so good guys.
good guys that's crazy how good we do now we just gotta get the artist in here
get JD Vance in here to sing this I think that'll work or maybe we just get
Trump maybe we get Trump to do the the rap yeah let's get let's get JD Vance
to do the R&B part and I guess Trump for the bridge somehow that feels like it
makes more sense to me that's what's hot making an executive decision here DJ oh
I was right there with you dude I totally get it then I agree 100% 1
million 100% well 1 million 100% yeah oh Biden yeah let's get Biden to do the
well it kind of has to be Trump because it's written more first person we'll
save Biden for his own track it's not one of these days someday Biden will get his
own track okay close all yes we need to open up that template all right fantastic
wow fantastic baby we're just organizing things right now why is my voice haunted
quit haunting up my voice ghost writer what's what's the deal with that sorry man
I was haunting your voice that's dude don't do that to me we're working
professionals here all right is this working a check check check check check check
check great great great it's working and we just need the instrumental
fortunately whatever I'm using to record it does record things on a slight delay so
we'll have to mess with the timing a little bit just to get it remotely
functional but we'll worry about that once somebody sings these hot lyrics um what
else did I need oh we have to check the key find the key of a song we're so close
to done guys then you're all free for the weekend you're not allowed to have the
weekend until we record this song sorry music I want to go down guys this is an
A minor that's exciting it's probably a minor if I had to guess all right JD are
you feeling locked and loaded yeah I don't that JD you're not you're not JD
Vance you're me I think I see what's happening here let me just change my
coat real quick yeah I'm JD Van I had to put on my sorry I was in my night close
now I'm JD Vance now you know this guy looks like JD Vance yeah not no now I'm
JD Vance okay what am I doing JD you're obviously pro at singing um yeah
yeah I mean if a bunch of like liberal elites can sing I definitely can yeah
that makes sense if like Neo can do it I can do it right you think you can sing
like Neo yeah I mean if Neo can do it I could probably do it right yeah okay
sick let's just do this I don't have a ton of time I'm the vice president oh you
are yeah I'm the vice president you might have heard it's pretty it's pretty huge
that I am where my lyrics what's the word in the biz get my shit on the screen is
that industry lingo yeah that's how we say it oh sick okay I figured I mean I know
I know I gotta get all your little all this little like toy shit that you guys
do I get it instantly cuz I'm really important all right here we go singing
my ass off oh yeah JD Vance JD Vance here to defend the integrity of the
administration let's do this I'm not inspired you're shit I already fucked up I
mean you fucked up you fucked up can you run that back he's giving me a look
like he doesn't know what's going on and and I like I don't want to be mean bro
but I am really busy so if we could just run that back JD Vance defend in the
administration you know what I don't do draw pictures just let of anybody or
write them when I see a girl like you just let me be frank I'm not inspired to do
anything and my mind goes completely blank grab them by the pastel yeah because
you're such a perfect baddie but the only thing I draw is massive crowds at
my many many many rallies a lot of guys would draw a picture of you and they
would probably get to fat pin my drawing of a you is like some secret files though
because baby it never happened oh never written a picture before of a woman I've
never done that I've never written the picture of a woman before and you know
that I've literally never written a picture of any woman in the whole damn
world because I know that I have never written a picture of a woman before
now on a spot no empty canvas and you know that I still just stop a sexy ass
lack of vision and a complete creative block no print never written sue me baby
just like I'm Rupert Murdoch what the fuck I've really I you put the lyrics in
the wrong spot did you just sing all the lyrics out of order that's gonna make so
much work for me also yet have you been to dune put the lyrics hey man I'm trying
to be chill here but I'm really busy me too dude I have so many F-16 other artists
to record number one hits with today what really I mean obviously if you're
working with me okay just go to the top of the lyrics man that's all you got
to do sir mr. vice what do they call you mr. super future president mr. super future
president yeah that's my official title so be sure to call me that okay mr.
super future president yeah that's it JD Vance mr. super future president on the
mic we're ready to fend the administration because I never write
let's go there's a lot of guys you know they claim to be
poance well my soul has zero art and baby best believe that I know it you're the
finest girl that I have ever seen but baby let me be frank no matter how out
of this world you are my canvas is completely blank
swallowing from my head to my baby ankles you know that I'm your simp you're
better than 34 felony counts but my pencil is still limp wanna know why never
written a picture of a single woman before never ever written a single picture
of any woman before no no no I literally never written a picture of any girl in
the world before because you know that I've never written a single picture of a
woman before and never will girl when I see a girl like you you gotta let me be
so damn frank I'm not inspired to do anything baby and my mind goes completely
blank and not a single thought grabbing by the pastel yeah because you'll set
your perfect bad day but the only thing I draw is massive crowds at my many
many many rallies why because a lot of guys would draw a picture of you when they
get to fapping yeah my drawing of you is like some secret files though because it
never happened and if you're wondering why I can tell you and I'm gonna tell
you right now any simple baby so damn simple like my writing I will tell
you how whoa never written a picture of a woman ever before never once y'all
never written a picture of a single woman ever before and never will y'all
literally never written a picture of a single fucking girl before because
you know that I've never written a picture of any fucking woman before and
never will this is the president's I don't want to step on anything here
so I'll just hype it up sometimes not do to do to do to thought
ah President stuff here's he's going in and then we probably come in together
for the final course I'm assuming it should be incredible never written a
picture of a single ever written before a woman before I've never written
single pictures of a woman I have never written pictures of a woman never
write a woman never written pictures I don't write a single picture never
written pictures of a single woman before I don't write no pictures don't end up
stuffing out a writer that pictures of a woman before and that's how we do it
y'all
I gave you the fade out there I can do that on my end just a heads up it's
It's actually more helpful if you just keep singing.
I'm busy, I gotta go.
Fine, fine dude, you nailed it.
Really, really stuff, really stuff, is that good?
Yeah, that's another industry term
for when we really like what you did.
Makes sense, I nailed it.
Okay, let's get the president in here,
let's get the president of the United States in here.
Just to do the rap, we only need him to do the rap.
And then we fortunately are so done.
We're so fucking done.
Where's the interoperative?
The president has something going on with his throat.
Whatever his ankles got to his throat,
so he apparently is gonna sound barely like himself,
but we'll just go with it anyway.
Um, what?
I think I've never sounded better and very close.
People are saying I sound very close to how I sound.
Great to see you, Mr. President.
Very, what, very friendship.
Feeling wistful thinking about old friends.
Today, everybody thinks I'm in a bad mood,
not in a bad mood, thinking about friends
puts you in a good mood,
and I'm not thinking of any friend you think I'm thinking of.
I've got lots of friends, everybody wants to be mine.
Mr. President, did you grow a little mustache
in a certain spot?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Very presidential-y, clean shaven as always.
Definitely not a mustache in an unfortunate place.
Sign something on my chest,
and also there's something over there.
Should I touch my chest and then point over there?
Don't do that, okay, I won't do that.
Because I'm busy, I've gotta go.
Can you rap first?
Yep, gonna rap first.
I always was gonna rap.
Everybody's wanted me to do that for a while,
and I'm gonna be doing it right now.
Bring it in.
I'm gonna raw dog this beat right now.
Where is it?
Okay, here we go.
Uninspired no pen empty can to steal stuff.
What the fuck?
Steal stuff, that doesn't even make sense.
You're not making sense, it's not me not making sense.
Run it back.
Run it back immediately.
Gonna need to see that again.
I did it perfectly, but everybody's saying
they wanna see me do it one more time.
All right, here we go.
I'll read what's in the lyrics.
I can read, people say I can, but I can.
Uninspired no pen empty can to steal stuff.
Sexy ass lack of vision wet, hot creative block.
No print never written to me like a Murdoch.
Opposite of murder this, right a bitch I might not.
Mental fog not even, never even had a thought.
Paintings that I have, oh, bought that shit, it's all stuck.
Oh face not even just another fake letter.
All I write is bad shit.
Other people's writing's better, it's true.
Something or other, I'm not singing it with JD.
What?
I want me to cut the music, JD's on his own.
Not do wedding here with him.
Too busy, he'll understand.
Love that guy, refuse to be on a track with him.
Not happening, only here for the bridge.
That's all I got paid for.
Oh, I'm not even too busy, got a lot of time actually today.
I cleared my schedule, but I'm done.
Need to drop my blood pressure.
Oh, my blood pressure is really high right now.
I'm the highest in the world.
This kind of blood pressure is propelling me
to incredible energy.
People say I'm sounding 20 years younger
and my lips looking about 80 years younger.
Your lip, people are saying my upper lip
looks like it could be in the 40s
or in its 40s or something.
Gonna get it higher, gonna get the highest it's ever been.
Golden age of blood pressure for me.
Probably the biggest, probably the biggest blood pressure ever.
Thanks Mr. President, you did it.
That's all you're getting out of me.
Okay, you can go.
I don't have to.
I'm choosing to, I understand.
Please stay, can't do it.
I could hang for a little bit.
But I won't, okay.
Could hang for a little though.
If you wanna.
A lot of people love the chance.
A lot of people, time is incredibly valuable for me.
Good, too bad I can't.
Okay, I want you to.
Yeah, I mean I've only met a couple presidents.
You've met some?
I mean I've only met a couple.
Got a ghost here, got a little live, are you a friendly ghost?
You do have to go.
This guy's, this is a guy.
A lot of ghosts here.
People are saying, okay, yep, yep, I'm okay.
I shouldn't have said anything.
I like, that's fine.
It's fine.
Ghosts are, ghosts never age, you ever thought about that?
Guys like us, this is not the thing I'd say.
Guys like us, never age, is not a thing I'd say.
That's why it's so sad that they're even trying to make it seem like I'd say that
us ghosts are enigmas.
We gotta go.
Sorry I'm haunting your voice.
Can you stop that?
Oh, he's gone.
He left.
Okay, let me just real quick auto tune this.
Boom.
What was the, it was a minor.
How appropriate for a song from these particular people.
From the team that brought you all the other stuff with minors comes this song.
Um, do do do, reverb at the bottom, chorus at the bottom.
This is not how you're supposed to chain effects what I'm doing right now.
We just gotta auto tune this bad boy.
Where did I put auto pitch?
There it is.
There's probably an order you're supposed to do this in but you know I'm still learning.
I'm still learning so back off it's fine.
Subtle.
We're not looking for subtle here.
Let's set it to extreme.
Then we probably gotta line it up.
Cause it's probably pretty off the beat.
734 felony counts but my pencil is still limp.
Wanna know why?
Never written a picture of a single woman before.
Might be close actually.
You might be in the vicinity of where it's supposed to be on the beat.
Hurt.
Never written a single picture of any woman before.
No no no.
I literally never written a picture of any girl in the world before because you know that I have.
Never written a single picture of a woman before.
I never will girl.
Okay where does the president actually start rapping?
Somewhere around here.
We'll just take JD Vance out of that part.
Maybe later we could go in and try to time out whatever he was saying.
But there's no time right now.
There's simply no time JD.
I'm so sorry.
Do we even need...
Let's just pitch correct the president anyway.
Let's see how that works.
We'll make it subtle though.
Uninspired no pen empty can to still stop
Sexy ass lack of vision wet hot created block
No print never written sue me like a Murdoch
Opposite of murder this writer bitch I might not
Mental fog not even ever even had a thought
Paintings that I have up bought that shit it's all stock
Oh face not even just another fake letter
All I write is bad shit other people's writings better
True never written my picture
Alright let's just go out with this playing.
It's good enough.
That's how you know it's done.
When the producer says I gotta go.
Good enough.
JD Vance.
Mr. Super Future President on the mic.
Ready to fend the administration.
Sounds so good.
He sounds like a thing for sure.
There's a lot of guys.
You know they claim to be poets.
Well my soul has zero art.
And baby best believe that I know it.
You're the finest girl that I have ever seen.
But baby let me be frank.
Alright who's on?
No matter how out of this world you are.
My canvas is completely blank.
Swollen from my head to my baby ankles.
You know that I'm your seam.
You're better than 34 felony counts.
But my pencil is still limp.
Want to know why?
Never written a picture of a single woman before.
Never ever written a single picture of any woman before.
It's like psych-or is on.
Let's read psych-or.
I literally never written a picture
of any girl in the world before
because you know that I'm
never written a single picture of a woman before.
This guy sounds bad.
I'm gonna call it like I see it.
Whoever this is.
When I see a girl like you.
You gotta let me be so damn frank.
Oops.
Call it like I see it.
I don't mind to do anything baby.
And my mind goes completely blank.
But the next guy sounds good though.
Grab him by the pastel yeah.
Because you're such a perfect bad-a.
But the only thing I saw is
massive crowds at my many many many rallies.
Why?
Because a lot of guys withdraw picture of you
when they get to fapping yeah.
My drawing of you whatever.
Whatever great weekend.
Because it never happened.
Thanks for hanging out.
If you're wondering why
I can tell you
and I'm gonna tell you right now.
We're on the road to one red,
one red, one red direction.
Like my writing I will tell you how.
Whoa!
Never written a picture of a woman
ever before.
Never once y'all.
Never written a picture of a single woman
ever before.
Never will y'all.
The crumb direction.
Crumb direction.
Yeah exactly.
Because you know that I've never written
a picture of.
They had a psych-war.
Never fucking woman before.
Never will.
Writing a picture rate.
And empty can to still stop.
Sexy ass lack of vision wet.
Hot creative block.
No print never written to me like a
Murdoch.
Opposite of murder this.
Right a bitch I might not.
Mental fog not even.
Never even had a thought.
Paintings that I have up.
Bought that shit it's all stock.
O-face not even.
Just another fake letter.
All I write is bad shit.
Other people's writing's better.
It's true.
Never written a picture of a single
ever written before.
All right everybody we'll see you later.
Never written single pictures of a woman
I have never written pictures of a woman.
We'll see your stream it out whatever this is.
Never written pictures I don't write a single picture.
Never written pictures of a single woman.
This is bad.
Should have had me sing this.
It would have been good.
End of the stuff and I don't write
any pictures of a woman before
and that's how we do it.
Never written pictures of a woman.
Never written pictures of a woman.
Never written pictures of a woman.
So bad not good.
Never written pictures of a woman.
Everybody sing one of the worst
singers of all time.
Great guy though.
Really happy to have him on the team.
Can't sing it off.
Never written pictures of a woman.
Should have put me over this.
Should have me sing the whole thing.
I wouldn't have done it.
But you should have done it.
Wouldn't ever do it.
Should have done it.
Wouldn't do it though.
Bye everybody.
My stream I'll call it when I want to.
And it's not yet.