I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Oh, we're already going amongst the web.
Good to see everybody, GregTU, Bundlesprout, love the hate, AppleDapple,
Subritchie the mastermod, Sony 4-7.
Oh, baby.
We're on a schedule now, sort of, if you count starting within the same hour as being on a schedule.
Stormburn!
Oh, that's what I like to see.
27 months.
What a crazy amount of months I've been doing.
Something that's more or less this.
Ooh!
Ooh, a call for an expert, Pat Robertson, but he's just dust.
We have to speak with the dust of Pat Robertson?
All right, I mean, you know, an expert is requested.
We have no choice but to accommodate.
But, Papito, do you think you can find us just some dust to talk to?
I don't mean I'm as good as anything else that I find.
True.
11 to 12-ish, our new start time of 11 to 12-ish, Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
And, Rennerton's finest brown water in a disappearing cup.
Okay, well, there's nothing going on in the world, so there's probably no news to talk about, but we'll try.
Let's do a little, let's just get into it.
Let's do a little bit of news.
Hello everybody.
I'm back again.
I've just, you know, I've been flying around a lot because of all of the presidential movement.
Presidential movement?
Papito's kind of a dust ball.
Yeah, what, is he dust?
I don't know, he eats dust.
Everybody eats dust.
Well, but he eats piles of dust.
Like, he's into eating dust.
What is going on with our, with both of us?
Our collars are all messed up, Rick.
Don't look me in with you.
It's a style I was going for, and I'm switching back.
Alright.
Well, anything going on that you want to talk about?
There's everything.
The new president has, the new president just dropped.
Well, new old president.
Well, the latest old president that's also an old president.
A former old president.
He's doing stuff.
Okay.
I know he's been dropping lots of executive orders.
Yeah, I mean, you know, it's an office intended to,
a lot of people like to talk about checks and balances.
I like to talk about checks and cashing them.
He's cashing in right now.
Order up, baby.
Let's do this.
Let's see what he's been up to.
And it just moves my heart.
Rick?
It moves my heart.
What's making you nervous about me doing this?
I just don't like the way you're slapping your hand on on your heart.
My heart?
Is that something over there?
Rick?
Rick? No.
Don't point at anything after touching your heart.
Trump to find out executive orders are useless.
Well, we'll see.
These are new school executive orders.
And the waiters, they love this guy.
You don't really need to force the...
restaurant order thing here.
Well, but I will.
On behalf of everyone.
Okay, well, um...
I guess let's just run through them for a bit.
Yeah.
These are executive commands.
That's about... why can't... like the biblical commandments.
He came down from heaven with...
new, um...
orders written on stone...
iPhone tablets.
Rick, just can you just read the fucking orders?
Oh, okay.
Um, well, these are sort of summarizations of...
they're complicated, but we'll try to give you a general basis.
Um, for instance, immigration executive orders.
Many of Trump's first orders curtail immigration...
at the southern border.
Yeah, but that's extremely expected.
Apparently there's been some ICE raids in Chicago today.
I've seen that in the news.
Seems like maybe that's not that close to the southern border.
Well, it's close to the northern border.
Uh, he promised mass deportations, but hasn't detailed how he will implement...
uh, staff in such...
staff and fund such a massive cross-leap operation.
But I'm sure these orders will explain it.
Trump declared an emergency at the U.S.-Mexico border...
vowing to deploy troops to the region, including the National Guard.
He also instructed the Secretaries of Defense...
and Homeland Security to construct additional border barriers.
Um, there's... there's been some here in Detroit.
See, he's covering the entire...
northern border of vicinity.
Including Michigan?
Michigan is one of the most open borders.
It's next to a lake.
Do you know how hard it is to police a lake?
You ever been a lifeguard at a lake?
It's just all kids fucking people jumping into...
spinning motor blades.
Water sports, aka anarchy.
Well, then why is he starting with Michigan?
I'm sure he's doing it. He's probably doing it in Texas too.
To be fair.
He's designated certain...
certain international cartels and organizations...
such as Trende Aragua and MS-13...
which is not a Microsoft product...
as foreign terrorist organizations...
and announced plans to invoke the...
Alien Enemies Act of 1798...
to target them.
Some old aliens.
Okay, now who's making bad jokes?
Both of us, all the time.
Oh, the Canadians are swimming over?
I believe it.
And they've got backpacks full of...
even worse housing costs.
He wants fences around the fences?
And he's gonna finish the first fence too.
And you can't spell defense without fence.
Actually, you can. It's an S versus C.
Trump suspended US refugee admissions program...
resettlements until such time as further entry...
to the United States of Refugees...
aligns with the interests of the United States.
Homeland Security will report back within 90 days...
whether resuming refugee entries would be...
in the interests of America.
We're just defending our borders.
Why are you... I thought you were more down the middle.
I'm calling it down the middle. The middle has shifted to being Trump.
I don't know if that's true.
I really feel like conservatives and...
oligarchs might be slightly overplaying the popularity of Trump.
I'm not sure if it'll hold that long.
Well, we'll see who's holding the cards after all these.
Executive orders that everyone loves are done.
Trump also ordered Homeland Security to terminate all...
categorical parole programs that are contrary to the...
policies of the United States established in executive orders...
including those for refugees fleeing Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua...
and Venezuela.
Sorry, the party's over. I know you love fleeing here...
but we gotta do us.
That's your summary?
We gotta do us. The fleeing party is over.
Rick, that's terrible.
It's terribly necessary Remain in Mexico policy.
Trump reinstated the Remain in Mexico policy...
ending a program that released asylum seekers into the US...
while their cases were considered.
The US Custom and Border Protection website said Monday...
that appointments made through the CBP One app...
at certain border crossings have been canceled.
Hours later, Trump nixed the program...
and you hate to see an app stop working.
But just to balance things out, he made TikTok work again.
I guess he did do that.
His Florida properties are surrounded by the largest...
concentration of Cuban, Venezuelan and Haitian immigrants...
in America.
Yeah, but those are like H-1B...
workers. Or whole 18 workers?
Whole one through 18 workers?
You're just saying gulf workers?
It's some kind of work. It's all very legal.
Trump empowered officials to repeal, repatriate...
or remove any alien engaged in the invasion...
of the southern border.
Which is so sad that they weren't empowered to do...
that before.
I'm pretty sure they were empowered to kick out illegal immigrants.
They've been doing that under Biden too.
But now they're empowered, Case.
And if you've ever used Empower, you know that I'm pretty sure...
but it gives you at least plus two, plus two.
Since when do you play Magic?
Look, I know a lot. Trump's birthright...
I got the numbers wrong, though.
Trump's birthright citizenship executive order.
One of his boldest moves was an attempt to end birthright citizenship...
for those born to undocumented immigrants.
Birthright citizenship is protected by the US Constitution...
and the order already faces legal challenges.
But what is the Constitution...
if not just other orders?
And who orders harder?
The Constitution or the current President?
I mean, I've heard this will face legal challenges, but...
it seems like lately norms were made to be broken, so I can't say that I feel too secure.
This would be insane...
given the history of America...
and how we've grown our population...
to...
get rid of this, in my opinion.
People say, like, no other country does it.
I don't think it's true, but...
it's just... I don't know.
It's troubling to imagine someone who was born here...
has been raised here, being kicked out because their parents weren't.
But it's an order, so...
some of the stormtroopers didn't want to do Order 66,
but that didn't stop them...
from killing most of the Jedi.
What is with you today? Did you read, like, a...
you started watching, like, a nerdy YouTuber for references?
That also applies to children born to mothers who were lawful, temporary residents,
fathers who were not citizens,
or lawful permanent residents.
Energy environmental executive orders...
and if you're getting too bored at any time,
I can wrap this.
Nope. You're not allowed to write.
Fine.
Trump declared a national, uh, energy emergency
ordered expedited deregulated drilling
as he's repeatedly vowed to drill baby drill.
An order specifically targets energy production in Alaska,
rescinding former President Biden's protections around the state's coastal areas.
And that's just industry at work.
And nothing says industry.
Like, cracking some ice.
It's cracking up on its own.
Courtesy of industry.
The Paris Climate Treaty, state of play,
he also signed an order withdrawing the U.S.
world's second largest greenhouse gas emitter from the Paris Climate Agreement.
Uh, he's pulled out of the pact during...
Trump had pulled out of the pact during his first term.
Biden went back.
It takes a year to withdraw from the agreement,
but it only takes a day to say fuck you, which he has.
A whole day to say fuck you.
It was really long. Fuck you.
Trump also took aim at the Biden administration's federal procurement targets for clean power, electric vehicles,
and other energy goals.
Uh, you know, moving the goalpost back to...
Screw it, let's just stick with oil.
Trump directed the energy secretary to restart application reviewed for liquefied natural gas export projects,
which were paused by the Biden over climate change concerns.
But... clean slate.
Wait, isn't it healthier really not to let all of that worry build up?
I mean, just to not be worried about climate change?
But isn't that like mentally healthier for all of us?
Really?
To not be worried all the time?
Well, what if climate change...
is actively happening?
See, but you just phrased it as a question.
Meaning he's already won.
It's happening.
It's been shit. We should probably be a little worried.
But that's...
Now that's just bad.
See, Chad? See what he's doing?
He's forcing us all out for no reason because the gas is flowing.
The spice will flow.
These sexes... oh, he also is doing anti-trans stuff.
You'd be shocked to know.
Executive orders targeting DEI and transgender Americans.
Trump established Monday that it is the policy of the United States to recognize two sexes,
male and female, on official documents.
And I'm not sure if that'll also affect Starfield,
but I do know a lot of people that care about that quite a bit.
I don't think that quite has the reach to also hit Starfield,
although some of these tech companies seem to be taking care of rolling back progress all on their own.
These sexes are not changeable and are grounded in fundamental and incontrovertible reality,
and if it sounds like I'm being transphobic, I'm just reading executive orders.
Well, they're transphobic executive orders.
And I'm just reading them.
I'm still not clear if I can get in trouble for being...
you know, a bigot.
You can hear, at least, Rick.
Oh, shoot. So not ever... you can't be a bigot again yet?
Not here, Rick.
Oh. Transgender Americans were a central target of Trump's often hyperbolic and outright false campaign
trail messaging.
Because Kamala was for...
Hey, man?
They... they friends?
I'm not gonna say it for you.
Okay.
You're saved against what the GOP decries as woke culture,
or to the dismantling of government diversity and equity and inclusion initiatives within 60 days.
Also known as DEI.
No, it's DEI.
It's DEI.
Boy, you sounded so sexy there for a second.
A bigot-y is big right now.
See, bigotry is on the rise case.
You really want to be off-trend?
Yeah, I'm fine to be off-trend in that case.
What if you're intersex?
You gotta pick a side.
Look, that's just life, you know?
Sometimes you gotta stand for something.
A case, stand for something that you're not.
That doesn't sound very appealing.
It's not appealing, but that's the order.
And I, you know, I'm a soldier case.
I have no choice but to follow orders that happen to not affect white cis men at all.
You just said a banned word.
Oh my God, I'm sorry. Everyone I want to apologize, I know that's a very offensive term, too.
Who's in charge now?
Apparently.
In a Tuesday order, Trump specifically directed the Federal Aviation Administration to immediately return to a non-discriminatory merit-based hiring as required by law.
And to do that, they will begin discriminating again.
Nice. So to not discriminate...
You have to, sometimes you have to discriminate your way through to get to the non-discrimination of completely merit-based hiring for these jobs that are always hired on merit.
Just ask, well, you know, Bush Jr.
One of our greatest fighter pilots of all time. One of the most liked, at least.
Okay, I feel like you're just saying a lot of things that aren't true today.
Well, that's, truth is an opinion.
In a separate order, Trump ordered all executive departments and agencies to terminate what he called discriminatory and illegal preferences, policies, programs, guidance, and other provisions,
and to combat illegal private sector DEI preferences, mandate policies, programs, and activities.
A door just opened.
It's kind of spooky.
Spooky door opening.
Is that the wind?
It might be the wind.
I can't see it, though.
Oh.
In doing so, he revoked decades of executive orders, including the Equal Employment Opportunity Order of 1965, signed by former President Lyndon B. Johnson.
Alright, now how are you holding up? There's a lot of these.
It's, you know, it's sort of a trail of things I disagree with on a very fundamental level.
So nothing new, really, for the news.
Okay, other executive orders affecting federal workers, he signed several other provisions that will impact government workers.
He requires full-time return to in-office work for federal employees and ordered a hiring freeze on government positions.
So, you know, if you can't have HB1-level loyalty to an organization, well, what if you just say, hey, if you're fired, we're never going to rehire you because we're not hiring anyone?
Um, no one's able to watch on mobile.
I'm not sure, psychore.
It's also on YouTube?
Maybe it works on YouTube.
You wonder how this tracks with Project 2025?
Until they get to no fault divorce.
It's something that just feels like general conservatism.
Um, although, like, a pretty sweeping stab at, like, a right-wing agenda on day one, day one and two, I guess.
Day three now?
Three days.
Look what he's gonna do in three days.
Imagine how golden age this country will be after four years.
I can't wait to see how we're given a golden crown like a certain Targaryen in season one.
And now who's making nerdy references?
Just a golden shower?
A golden, an age of golden showering down upon us.
I'm ready for it.
My mouth is open and ready.
The hiring freeze does not apply to military or immigration enforcement, national security or public safety.
That's convenient.
Thanks, Mr. President.
Are you, you're not national security.
That's not strictly speaking.
Strictly speaking what?
Not strictly speaking.
He also reinstated his first term schedule F executive order, which could make it easier to fire civil servants deemed disloyal.
And I've always thought it's really fucked up that you can't fire people for disloyalty.
Because back in the day, if you were disloyal, you'd get immediately your throat slit, you'd be forced to be the court jester.
You mean in medieval times?
Yes.
Which is not just a great restaurant, but an incredible way to live your life.
To which mobile is working.
So says Jett.
January 6th, pardons. He pardoned everybody.
We can skip all this. He pardoned, I think everybody, but maybe six people.
What if the person who fully killed a, like killed a person? What about the deaths?
Well, yeah, with Sunkler, who's, who's done what? He just got a pardon of all.
So we did. These are the hostages, approximately 15,000. These are the hostages.
For a pardon, full pardon. Let me just read that again.
These are the hostages, approximately 1500. For a pardon, full pardon. Just so you don't know.
Uh, what has terrible food? Stale bread and flat?
Uh, Trump also signed an executive order to ban Twitch from working on mobile for psychore.
Psychore? I'm so sorry. We're probably going to get to that one.
That one's way near the bottom, but if he signed it, it's on this list.
Zoom out. He also announced Tuesday he had signed a full and unconditional pardon for Ross Ulbricht,
the creator of the unlawful Silk Road Marketplace, who was sentenced to life in prison in 2015.
And since when we've been using the Silk Road as a beautiful East Mieswitz conduit for trade for thousands of years.
Why stop it now? It's the fucking black market one.
Well, what market are you supposed to sell certain things on that?
Oh, Medieval Times. Yeah. Medieval Times does not have the best food.
I remember really liking it as a kid. And then I went back as an adult once and still enjoyed it.
And I was like, yeah, this chicken is not everything I remember it as.
Well, that's not a sign that everything in this country is getting worse.
It's just a sign that we're moving forward into the future where things don't taste quite as medieval anymore.
Trump signed an order pulling the U.S. from the World Health Organization,
which we need to be a member of every organization.
The mailboxes at the White House were just stuffed, constantly getting like flyers every day,
because they just signed up for too many organizations.
Sometimes you realize, like, I just don't even read these.
So, you know, you got to pull out of international health agreements.
How is this remotely good?
Well, Monday's order said, due to organizations mishandling of the COVID-19 pandemic
and the global health crisis, it's failure to adopt urgently needed reforms
and its inability to demonstrate a dependence from the inappropriate political influence of who member states.
So we did that. Jesus. All right.
Is there still more?
Oh, he's been a busy little...
Well, not baby, extremely old man.
TikTok extension, Doge, and more executive orders.
He signed a number of executive orders and actions.
These include,
ensuring government agencies do not unconstitutionally abridge the free speech of any American citizen.
Thanks. See, sometimes he likes the Constitution.
I'm pretty sure that one was already in there.
He's been ordering a review of trade policies and agreements,
revoking security clearances of his former national security advisor, John Bolton,
and various officials over the Hunter Biden laptop thing,
which...crazy that that wasn't a bigger story.
How is it not a big story? I've heard about it for like four years now, I feel like.
Ulrich's pardon was purely transactional due to the Libertarian Party endorsement.
Well, and what? When I were anti-transaction, last time I checked this is still a free country.
You mean, what? No, that's not normal capitalism.
Well, suspending the TikTok ban for 75 days.
So, get it in while you can.
Declaring the federal buildings should respect regional, traditional, and classical architectural heritage
to beautify public spaces and ennoble the United States.
So probably like an anti-trans thing there?
He did the flag thing.
He doesn't...I don't know if this is exactly that order,
but he doesn't want LGBTQ flags flying over government buildings.
And I'm guessing Confederate flags are probably going to make a return in certain places.
An ennoble. And that's noble.
Renaming Denali to Mount McKinley and the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America.
Bum-ba-da-bum-ba-ba. Why not? Why don't we just call Europe America too?
How's it going, Kendall? I dropped my phone.
It's slid right out.
Kendall's in a work meeting. Kendall wants coffee.
I guess that means I should order her coffee.
The request is to order Kendall coffee.
I can do that for you.
Thank you.
Whoa, worth it. Freakin' worth it, chat.
I didn't get a kiss.
You don't get a kiss, Rick.
But I meant so good.
You're being bad. You've been being bad all morning, afternoon.
Morning to you, you little... somebody just woke up.
Oh, somebody decided to join us.
Stop doing dad bits to teenagers who wake up.
The Breville is the only one...I made myself a Breville coffee.
But Kendall doesn't like anything but matcha. She doesn't...well, sometimes she does.
But not out of my tired old Breville, apparently.
You gotta get a new Breville coffee maker every couple of years so she can get bored.
Hello, Pepito.
Listen up, Jack.
Tell him I'm on Just Mama Jan 500 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Get Kendall some coffee.
Well, I'll do it. Me, Rick. I'll pay for it, Case.
Mr. Steel, you're a girl.
He's not gonna go for you just because you buy the coffee on my phone.
Well, but I'm doing the clicking even if I'm using your credit card.
You shouldn't leave your phone out if you don't want me to occasionally order coffee for your girlfriend.
Mmm...okay.
This looks fine.
Reorder. Reboot.
What?
Oh, okay.
They don't have...they don't have the Rip and Dip Bagels, Case.
Oh wait, they do.
I'm getting the Rip and Dip Bagels.
Everybody...nobody panic.
I'm getting the Rip and Dip Bagels.
This is a free ad for Alfred's.
Okay. And with that, Kendall has coffee.
Incoming.
Live ordering by some matcha and frother. It's awesome.
That's my plan actually.
I'm hoping I up my coffee making game so I can stop having to go and buy coffee from various places.
Well, coffee to Jordan got you the matcha.
And if you don't like that, I'll drink the matcha and you can have the vanilla.
And now we wait to see if I made a mistake.
Is case in trouble? Is case in trouble?
Regular matcha? Case.
I'd like it to be known that she didn't tell me what she wanted.
So I was really just shooting from the hip here.
And I can't be blamed.
It's impossible to blame me.
If I got the wrong type of matcha, it's not telling me what items I got.
Mmm.
I got you an iced matcha latte with oatmeal and lavender syrup.
What coffee should case a lot?
So much trouble that cat pooped coffee. What's the fuck case?
Kopi luwak and shit coffee.
That sounds like you might have done it right.
For once in your life.
Take it easy on me, Rick.
It's been a long day.
No, it hasn't. It's noon.
It's like 12.30.
It hasn't been that long of a day.
But I did work out this morning.
Shut up.
Oh, yeah, I'm not impressed.
Not impressed.
Oh, it's a dead heat between what the fuck case and oh no.
Okay, what the fuck case is running away?
Kopi luwak.
Could it be? Kopi luwak? Could it be? What the fuck case?
Will any more votes come in to break this dead heat?
There's only three seconds.
Two. One. And it's a tie between what the fuck case and I think
Kopi luwak?
Yeah, that's a tie.
Well, I guess I can see why you were confused.
Could be anything.
Is Kopi luwak good?
Freeze ramp. $400.
Wait, what? What am I looking at here?
Really $400 beans?
How good are these beans?
I need to try this.
No, you don't. $400 fucking beans.
It's beans shout out from a Savit. Savi.
How do you say that?
It's poop beans.
Oh, that's why they're so expensive.
Because they're shit.
It's the rarest, most expensive Kopi globally with an incredibly limited supply being grown each year.
The Kopi was made famous by the 2007 movie The Bucket List.
Oh yeah, now I remember that it's famous.
Of course I know.
Quit pretending that you know it was famous from the bucket list.
That's a type of cat. Is it a cat that shits beans?
Rick, aren't you supposed to know things? Aren't you supposed to be a former CEI agent?
Well, I don't know all about coffee. We mostly just jam some jack in it and drink it in the morning.
Complex and flavor in a perfect combination of all the pleasurable flavors available in other coffees.
Jack is earthy, musty, aromatic, syrupy sweet, and heavy bodied.
Tell me the last time you had a coffee that was all of those at once.
I'm issuing an executive order for a case to only buy Kendall this.
I'm not buying $400 coffee beans.
Those Papito shit beans? Yeah, sometimes undigested, full.
It comes out looking like just a side of beans.
Sometimes he poops it into a little like side cup and you're like,
is that someone leave out a side of beans and it's his poop?
Yeah, everything he just said is true.
I'm like other volcanic coffees. Sorry, Volcanica coffees.
There are no refunds or exchanges available.
Just when you realize that it's somehow poop based.
How is it poop based? Well, I guess it is.
Are we supposed to be reading executive orders?
Aren't we running through all of them?
Really informing our viewers of exactly what the president has decided
supposedly going to happen?
This is more like a, I'm ordering you to make this a news story.
And he has. And now we'll see how much the story becomes our beautiful new reality.
Please don't buy these, they cage the animals and force them to eat and shit beans.
Now I see why it's so expensive. That's pretty next level.
Sounds terrible.
Sometimes if you want something to be delicious, you got to like cook a bird alive and stuff like that.
Maybe that thing where they like murder a hummingbird in a really brutal way just so you can eat it.
Yeah, but it tastes good. Does it taste good? Have you eaten that?
Sometimes when you're in deep cover you got to eat some weird stuff.
Anyway, he's a spent at the TikTok ban.
He's renaming Mexico the Gulf of Mexico, but eventually I'm assuming Mexico to America Junior.
That's so, no, that's terrible. It's not America Junior.
It's America, it's under us. So it's America Junior.
Canada will be America hat. And all of South America will be low America.
Because it's low, it's down there.
Antarctica will be shitty cold America.
Shitty cold America? Shitty cold America so people don't go there.
The North and South Pole are Santa America and Ice Devil America.
The South is obviously Ice Devil and North is Santa America.
I'm glad that you don't advise the president. And that's where you're wrong.
Well, it wouldn't matter even if you did it. It doesn't matter.
Okay, so those are the executive orders.
Yeah, let's see some of them in effect. Exciting raids in Chicago.
Look, it's Fox. That means this guy could be an incoming Secretary of Defense at any point, I assume.
I always forget that the news still does this voice as early as this week. It's kind of fun.
Well, Rick, I don't think you really have any room to complain about news voices, to be perfectly honest.
Just saying. It's still kind of an unnatural speaking tone on the news.
And responding they are.
Immigration support networks have been ramping up resources.
Attorneys have been busy.
And experts are encouraging employers to have I-9 forms ready.
Why did she sound kind of happy about it?
The oath some Chicagoans are bracing for ICE agents to show up at their doors.
The talk has been of trying to catch people who have outstanding deportation orders.
Quite a number of which could result from just having missed a court date.
Or people who have some kind of criminal record.
Or as Trump would put them, terrorists, basically.
She does sound a little AI, I appreciate it.
Folks certainly are within their rights not to answer any questions or even to identify themselves.
Professor Michael LaRoy from the University of Illinois shares that workplace raids, for example, could be possible.
ICE raids are typically unannounced. The high-frequency ones are those restaurant construction sites, meat processing plants.
It's always been important, but it's more important than ever.
Are there going to be sanctions on the people who run those plants?
Because apparently it's illegal?
Trump says he will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798.
It came into existence when the US was on the brink of war with France.
Oh, good. Glad we're going back.
During World War II.
Nubia Willman from Latinos Progresando says they experienced a busy weekend providing legal consultations.
I think what's important is that whether or not raids happen, folks should know that we all have rights living in the United States.
Are you sure about that?
We're still got a couple. We're still got some.
Asserting it does not document immigration status.
We're all going to couple raids.
They need face changes?
Sure. I can hook them up.
Alright, we got some music coming in later.
Oh, you're right. Dilemma. I'm profaning our dear sweet capitalist overlords.
Does she do audiobooks? We can only hope.
Can you imagine her reading Infinite Jest for three days in that voice? It'd be incredible.
That was from yesterday. I thought some stuff might have been going down today.
But it looks like they're not jamming cameras in the faces of various workers.
At least from one YouTube search.
Ooh, alright. Well, raids are delayed for a while.
So we can't watch raid videos today?
I don't really. I'm not really excited to watch them.
Then why were you searching for them?
I saw on Twitter raids happening in Chicago.
It's like, oh shit. Already?
We'll get to it. Don't worry. Don't worry.
You're going to see some videos.
I don't want to see the videos, Rick.
You're going to see some.
It's going to be like cops the show, but more extreme.
It's like the best time to loot is in the rain.
Cops and Elts?
Hey, stop. That's not true. Don't squirt cops with water. They won't. Elts.
You don't sound confident about that.
Ice agents aren't. Their weakness isn't water, like the aliens from Science.
That's a rumor. So don't even think about spraying them with hot water.
Why are they called ice agents then?
Because of... it's an acronym. It's not a spell.
It's not an evil spell that was the price for the power granted from the one below.
That's not what's happening is what I'm saying.
You really got to stop saying the thing and then saying it's not happening.
Okay, well thanks, Rick, for reading really unpleasant news and having a bad opinion about it.
There's no such thing as a bad opinion. Opinions are to be celebrated.
Sometimes your opinion is... I think there's been a shift in... the Overton window?
Not sure you're using Overton window correctly there.
Well anyway, sometimes your opinion is, what's everybody's opinion? What are we doing now?
Oh, fine, I'm on board.
That's always your opinion.
Well, you know, it's good to have the opinion that other people have.
So I'm pretty sure people like the deportations now and everything the Republicans are doing will face zero backlash.
And have no consequences. It'll be all good.
Because that's everybody's opinion now.
Okay, well, whatever, Rick.
That's what I like to hear from Case, as always.
We've worn you down to the beautiful position of total apathy.
So stay right there, Chat. Stay right there, Case.
And we'll be back later with some more news from me in a couple days.
Just saying, I don't like to come here too much. You get the... everybody gets it.
I hit the wrong button.
Darn it, I hit the wrong button.
Oh, we're back, Stevie Lemzio.
Okay, I got to talk to some dust.
I'm not sure if Papito's found the dust yet.
Are there any dusts for me to talk to?
Hmm, I need to talk to dust.
Angel dust? That'd be nice.
Let's see, there's got to be some dust we can talk to.
Okay, that's kind of dusty.
It's not that dusty though.
What is this?
Papito, this is not what I'm looking for.
Why not?
That's not dust, Pat Robertson. I don't know what that is.
You want to talk to me?
I'm okay.
You sure about that? I'll talk to you.
I'm good.
I just don't know if Papito can locate any sentient dust for me to talk to.
He seems to be struggling.
I just keep eating the dust.
It's just there for the taking.
I understand how you expect me to not just shout out on that sweet, sweet dust
that walks up to me and says,
you called? I'm here for the interview.
And then I eat them.
You got to stop eating magical things that walk up to you.
Then what am I going to eat?
Hmm, fair, I guess.
Okay, I'm going to make one more attempt to commune with the dust of Pat Robertson.
Okay, this is close enough, I guess.
Oh, that was Bram Shrocker's Dracula that Papito ate.
What did Pat Robertson sound like again?
Let's reacquaint ourselves with Pat Robertson just for a second.
When he was alive.
Oh, yeah, here he is.
This is David who says,
we have friends who do not celebrate Christmas because they say December 25th is really a pagan holiday.
While I agree that Jesus may not have been born on December 25th,
he certainly was born as described in the Bible.
How do I respond to them?
Well, in a sense, tell them they're right.
You see, the winter solstice a couple of days later was the shortest day of the year.
And the pagans had something called Saturnalia.
And it was a...
So you get it, I would say his main crime is he was anti-Christmas.
And that's why, unfortunately, every time we've checked in with him,
he's been suffering various tortures in hell.
Apparently now he's mostly become dust.
Or something as close as we could find to it.
So joining us now apparently is the sentient dust of Pat Robertson.
Hmm.
He seems to be more pixelized, actually.
Ah!
Oh, he's okay.
It's a Japanese penis.
Now I mean I've seen my face.
Looks like you're at the Capitol website.
This is one of the layers of hell.
Is the government live-streaming of the Senate building?
Oh, ah!
Um...
Any regrets over some of the things you stood for in life?
Nope.
Damn, still hasn't learned a thing.
I refuse to learn a thing.
Everything I said was definitely right!
Heaven just isn't quite as cool as I thought it would be!
I'm glad that Papita still found you a blue jacket.
I got this when I came over but it dissolved immediately.
Anyway, a couple questions from chat.
Hey Pat, are you still fighting against the integration of schools where you are now?
Well, all the schools are fully integrated here into one soup of flesh.
All the flesh-soup mixes together and the only thing they teach you is pain!
And I'm against it.
I think it should be white soup.
Hmm.
Okay.
Question from chat.
Uh, fuck you!
Oh, uh...
Um, I like how the afterlife appears to be...
Appears to censor true indecency like everything Pat Roberts life ever did.
Yeah, I mean, maybe instead of dissolving you've just sort of been censored from the universe.
Um, not true.
I can still talk about...
And I can still tell you all that...
Because the problem with...
Is that honestly their brains...
And if their brains were just a little...
I mean, it's really not just a matter of socialization, it's...
That's gotta be troubling news that the universe is so woke.
No, the devil just has a...
Limited sense of humor.
You got any tissues?
Nope.
I'm just leak- I still leak a lot of fluids.
No tissues, sorry.
You know Jeb's dad?
Oh, from the wood.
How do I get that kind of sick...
Set off, please?
Can you put me in some wood?
Anything stable?
At all times every part of me is being rendered!
Rendered?
RENDERED!
RENDERED?
Okay, I think he's breaking up.
I think the last thing we see of Pat, as once the dust gets dissolved,
he's effectively erased from all dimensions and universes.
Pat...
I'm sorry that that's what you're headed for.
No, the Pat Roberts, an inferior, flat-
He didn't really dissolve, he more just fully vanished.
Sorry about that, Pat.
My beard's a lot bigger in the wide.
Hmm.
Well?
Dust in the wind.
All we are is dust in the wind.
Anyway, I found Pat Roberts in for you, so...
He's getting harder to find.
That's true.
Alright, well, uh, nice.
Let's get down to business.
How did that not count?
Oh, it did, okay.
We got some stuff to do.
We gotta go amongst the web.
We gotta learn how to with our pal Jeb.
And we probably have to do a little...
There's probably even more news out there.
Nah, you got it.
You got the news.
Oh, I did all the news?
Yeah, I think that's about it.
Seems like there's probably more.
Yeah, I think that's probably about it.
Alright, well, for now, let's send it amongst the web.
It's downstairs, but it says...
There's so much of it that we better hurry up and get amongst it.
Good to see everybody.
Getting my ass back on here, wise decision, can't you?
You know, I can honestly be on any segment.
I wanted to be on...
I kind of run this fucking thing.
Good to see you, Jeb.
I know.
You love me?
I know.
That's what my boy Han Solo said.
That's how I respond to a lot of shit.
People say something nice to me.
I'm like, I know.
It's a little emotionally withholding, Jeb.
Yeah?
I keep my emotions close to the vest and chest so that people can feel my pecs.
Nobody makes it wetter than the chatter.
That's true.
Whether you're a plant or a lady's pussy.
Shit, chat.
No.
Oh, am I not supposed to say lady?
Okay.
I just thought you were going to use any window and then he just said the thing.
I'm direct.
I don't...
I don't...
I don't quiver it.
I don't quiver.
Quiverate?
Equivocate.
Then now who sucks?
Him for trying to correct my ass.
Which is not surprising.
Let's learn what's on the internet.
What's hot on the internet right now.
That's...
That is what I guess you could argue we do in this particular thing we do.
Yes.
Very well put.
Here's a guy singing.
He's got a microphone.
When I see a microphone, I assume singing is going to happen.
We have microphones.
We're not singing.
Yeah, but you do sing sometimes.
I mean, you shouldn't, but you do.
So let's see if this guy does.
I could be brown.
I could be...
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be anything you like.
I could be brown.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be anything you like.
I could be brown.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be anything you like.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be anything you like.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be purple.
I could be anything you like.
You know like I could be brown I could be
Still kind of good layering is just a beautiful way to make music so it still sounded kind of good
It's a new style
This crash out
Crash out acapella the new genre
We kind of got a rod-wage of opinions on this room from pretty good to the worst
some zeros filtering in
His commitment to music changed on that day. I can make Burt music
I don't want to I don't want to hear don't hear what that sounds like you know I hear my Burt music
I can't I can't burp right now. You can't even burp after that. I'm honest don't have a burp right now
You got any of those expensive ass beans that people that like cats shit out or whatever
Don't probably be Burt. It's ever so kind of everyone's not trying to make me buy the
Kopi will walk beans. I think you're saying that wrong. I think it's copa Lou back
It's close enough a family heirloom from five-second films. This is a quick one one day
I'll pass this on to you just like your mental illness. Yep. Just like my mental illness
Damn remember when like stuff is
Encouraged to be short
That comes in goes
Tic-tacs is only be 60 seconds and I think tweets used to be two
Nouns only two nouns allowed per tweet you had to really pick your nouns a lot of them were ass
Fuck fuck's not a noun
It is the way I do it
What I don't know what?
Whoa shit. This lady's got three fucking eyes for real
Sorry, we got to see what this one comes in at
Brevity is the soul of a 9.38
Take listen up fucking internet. You want your shit to pop off and be top rated
Can you stop making it so goddamn long? I?
Feel attacked. What if this stream was five seconds?
Would be a more productive you saw out of people's time
But no, he's got to extend that to like ten minutes
We do like two hours ten whole fucking minutes of streaming three times a week this guy
It's still wasting our time. All right. Let's see what this lady with multiple eyes is up to
Time to change my poor her piercing. I'm so excited
So I made sure I wash my hands and I wash my tools
So everything's clean and I'm holding the German place because I want long nails so
When I don't want it to fall so just fall into my hand
Anyways, I've been wanting to change this piercing for so long and to find a pink gem
Ah
It was destiny. I'm so happy like no one understands
I've been so excited to finally change it because like I don't know when I'm stuck with one thing for so long
I'm just like I get bored of it
So I was like, yeah, I need something kind of light and just really huge something to match my hair and to find the perfect shade
chef's kiss chef's kiss I
Absolutely love the pink gem. Oh, it really goes with my hair. I feel like it really brightens up my face
Oh, I'm obsessed. What do you guys think like let me know in the comments. You prefer the black gem or the pink gem?
Which I think
Chance pointed this out, but she said piercing she did say piercing
I
Do think the pink gem was an upgrade from the inky black
highly reflective gem
Which did make it look like she was
Commuting with the ancients though. She might still be with the pink gem
That's your primary concern is that she's commuting with the ancient ancients see
I think she's kind of a baddie to be perfectly honest. I'm not arguing that she's not
attractive
Is a giant
skin
indented forehead gem
My favorite look
No
Am I saying it's a point two seven look
Chat saying that
2025 we put in cookies on forehead
That could she's not quite big enough for me not quite like this. It's like this big. It's not quite. It's alright
It's way too small wait
Yeah, it's too. It's way too. It's way too small
Maybe she was bug infused maybe the gem wards the bugs away
Is that a thing that works because that's sales our guys always trying to put bugs in me?
And if I put a gem in my head will he stop trying to do that? No, I think he'll keep trying
Oh, is that popular getting the gem because could you just like glue that to your forehead?
Yeah, but then it's not a it's not a piercing is it piercing cuz something definitely pierced
One of the layers of her skin
Why did she do that? I guess that's a thing. Yeah, I didn't know this was a thing you could do
Maybe it's just a thing she did
She could go bigger and go full Frieza
That's true. Can we get a side by side? Is that possible?
wait, I
Can't I don't know if I can show both
We'll just look up Frieza
quick
Because Frieza well original freeze. Yeah, this is the freeze I'm thinking of
here
She's not quite on this level yet to be honest
Not quite there
But she is there
For the side by side it's not quite a side by side, but you get the idea
I don't know. I don't know how to feel about this appreciate her expressing herself
And I think and I kind of want to like if I could get her number I would
I'm spending a lot of time thinking about this because I'm so torn
Well, hey, do you
If someone asked me should I do this I would say no don't ever don't do that
But she wanted to so I guess good for her
Hopefully she has no regrets and if she does not then salute
And speaking of salutes this I don't know if that's gonna line up, but I just hope
Yes, we
Oh
Let's run that back is he alive
What was he going for oh yes, we so
Hard and no reaction from his friend
That's how you know, it's a real friend because he didn't get all excited. He's like we'll see if he's probably probably
What he said probably translates to let's see if he's fine
That some noises are just so
Like whenever you see a head like do the rapid twitch from just getting bonked
Immediately fear for their their neck
That's brutal
That was a brutal one
Also though
Got him it got him over a nine
So I mean was it worth it for this banger of the score?
Let the gods decide and
We're not saying to try this at home
Also, though you'll need a real specific house
with like that particular lip and then a
Judding out piece of concrete below for your head to just clip through god damn
He fucking no clip that piece of concrete with the back of his skull
The gods must be creepy. I it seemed like maybe he knew that was gonna happen. I don't I'm not gonna look into it
Let's I've been working out lately. Let's see this ladies fitness routine
Yeah, nice woman some awesome. Oh, that's not it's not fitness. I thought that was a way to
I love you. This is how you prep your skin for the gym. I love you. Oh
This no, oh that noise oh
It looks like it's bruising I
Think it could be bruising. Oh, she was gonna sing us a song at the end there
Is that how you keep your skin tight by stretching it because that's kind of what you do with muscles, right?
Shouldn't you know this check claim to be like a former?
High-level athlete. Yeah, you like this the same rough principle you fuck up your muscles and they get better
So vis-a-vis you fuck up your skin by doing all sorts of crazy shit to it. It probably gets stronger
Like Calluses, but for beauty
I don't think beauty standards are necessarily making the strongest skin and that's the problem modern beauty scant standards is a
Callous spiny face impenetrable by claws is considered not beautiful
Well, why is that because that's the face that could protect you from a lion just with the face
So 1.17. I don't know if Chad agrees with your
Bizarre facial protection via callous scenario you just don't like
They're not ready. They're not ready yet. I just gave you guys a little audio preview of a thing. I'm
Reluctant to play
But it's here and I don't think it's what I was worried it is
Really hoping it's not what I was worried it is so we'll show you
About be warned. I don't think anyone will like this
I don't know what he's a big I love
Ten thousand Tant Channel points to the man who can identify the car your coat does not look the same in the wide
The light catches it differently
He's tick-tock band yet. Very good
Question a four some people liked it
Look, the jingles really get stuck in your head. I'm almost no matter what they're
Representing I forgot that one already. I do know he said Nutella and that's not a zero then
It's a three if it's not a zero. It's well. Yeah, it got a 3.13
Which isn't good, but honestly, it did do better than I thought well people love Nutella. That's true
I do like Nutella. I mean, I don't entirely disagree with the message. I actually don't like Nutella
Fucking case. I just don't mind that you prefer to have chocolate or peanut butter
Next year you think you're gonna tell me to like cyber trucks. Well, I don't well then buckle up. Oh
Shit, I am cash. I love you your luxury realtor in Toronto
Look at this cyber truck. Look at this Rolex. Let me make the luxury lifestyle for you
People say the American dream is dead. It was in Toronto. People say the American dream is dead. Well, look at I
Forgot his name. Could you forgot his name because it wasn't an American name? No disrespect. I did forget your name, but
There's still fucking hope in this country. There's still a chance
It was in Canada. There's still a fucking chance in this country a
hat America
counts and
If you believe in that luxury lifestyle, which is the American dream the American dream is luxury life
The American dream is fucking
luxury and you can do it and
There's a fucking proof. We just saw it and a put what the fuck chat point four five
This shit fucking slapped
I'm gonna call that guy. He's in Canada. Well, that's America now. No, it's not it's had America
Everybody's saying so
That's the new name for it Gulf of America had America
America Junior in Mexico. I don't know what's happening to correspond. It's the way you're getting your news from the previous segment
Oh, oh from here. Yeah, I got it from here. Is that not true? No, it's just stuff Rick was saying what the fuck
Well, whose fault is that? I
Guess mine
All right, let's try it. Let's just watch a chicken. Let's just see what this chickens up to
What was the other puppet steal who's that?
It gets its Michael Myers puppet pretty good. I didn't I guess it makes sense that they would make a garbled water noise. I
Wish I thought to do that. Why I don't know it's funny. It's funny. I wish I thought of that. What?
Chicken what I'm saying. I wish I thought of that. Why I don't know as it's funny
Whatever man, Jesus doesn't like fucking luxury realtors likes that video
heavily used Alma that is the heavily used Elmo energy there for sure
We're getting back into politics. Oh man, so I
Don't think you were here chip, but we watched the inauguration on Monday. I was here. Oh
Yeah, you were here. It's a 9.36 by the way. I can't believe you forgot I was here
Well, you know, I just was getting overwhelmed by that
encroaching sense of of stupidity doom stupidity doom
Well, like we're all doomed but in the dumbest way possible I was getting those vibes from watching it
It was sort of depressing, but you know, we might have not we might have missed some of the isolated moments
So here's here's Hillary reacting. I guess to Trump
renaming
The Gulf of Mexico the Gulf of America
Sure time from now we are going to be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of
America
No reaction from
How come no one else reacted at all?
Look, I don't always agree with Hillary Clinton, but
Looks like Clinton is still just trying to eat the air like burdo trying to suck in more air with the burdo mouth
No reaction from Cromalla
Then big claps from everybody else
Wild when the person I relate to most in a video is Hillary Clinton
You know sometimes when she's the most human one on stage
It just it lets you know where we're at right now
Why did anyone show up for him?
Because he's like he we like him now. No
Some people do
But not UK yeah, I don't I still don't like Trump
They refuse to live and let live man. I'm not saying I like him. I'm of course famously an independent
You're still a lot of like people when you're an independent
No, I remain independent in my feelings towards everything and so I could like him I could hate him
But at least I'm open case
Well, let's see what else was going out of the inauguration. Oh
Here we go. This is what I fucking wanted to see
Live and sleazy I think there's someone mentioned this
While I bailed on the election to play four rounds of Marvel rifles
But apparently this is Pete's Hegze attempting to skateboard
No, everybody's no selling shit
Except him did he clip it maybe he didn't fully nail it. Was this more of a clip?
Okay, that's more of a that's more of a close call than a full nut hit
It definitely I think it gave him like a little bit of the like if you ever get your nuts kind of like
Whiffed it's still enough to kind of like sometimes jangle the nuts in a way where they where it hurts
Because I think he's holding back more agony than he's letting on
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that was definitely like a like a painful nut with as opposed to a full hit
But sometimes in some way the nut with can be worse than the nut hit because again
It's like the it's the whacking of the balls together
Dingling a wing. I'm like the bells on the Christmas tree. You know what I mean?
Sort of no, you guess you just you don't have nuts that like real bang really dangle like like a straight nine nuts
Straight nine nuts nine inches of nut
You're coming to have nine inch nuts. I don't think that's like circumference. No length. It doesn't sound good. Check
It's proportional
If you got like a four-foot penis
Check that's I think that's longer than your legs. No
None of that sounds good
All I'm saying is that everything's big down there. So you probably can't relate
The new band finally they're dropping another album
Okay, that's a there's a full French music video in here that I'm tempted to watch
But we'll try to go with the shorter videos today. Oh
God more Japanese pranks these things can sometimes be a little so intense that they're a little frightening
But they do do prank shows just a little bit better over there. Let's see what they got for us
Okay, the the title of that was accurate they were in fact on a whole other level
What the king is that legal?
People are mad at mr. Beast for shit. Well, yeah, but see that's actually impressive. Mr. Beast would never do that
But she seems like she almost died. Well
Sure they got it under control. It didn't look like they had it under control
It's legal in Japan
They do things more carefully over there
Now who's being racist? I don't know. I
Also don't know what I said is true, but she seems fine
Do people not suit well, look there's a chance. That's like a little bit. I
Feel like you would well, that's it. That is a well-earned time
There's a chance she knew what was up
Maybe I mean maybe not but eat because the thing is even if you told them hey, this is what's gonna happen
It would still be fucking terrifying like even if you were prepped and like ran through that once before it would be fucking terrifying
So that's like a prank video where you can literally say like hey
We're about to do this to you and I think you would still react roughly the same way
Control is an issue. They say in Japan. I got it under control
Okay
Well either way they did kind of fucking rule
They signed a pretty encompassing form. I mean as insane as that look I guess you're triggering the explosion
So once she runs out the building
I mean it didn't look that off. It probably wasn't yeah, they got it under control
Why is case so fine with this? I don't know cuz the video kind of rolled
All right, well, that's the it's worth it if the video that comes out of it rules I guess
Move me wrong
Twitch streamer hiding from deer at Nara Park
Okay, this is someone attempting to hide from deer which in my experience is
Born like you got to go early with your uncle and then you're like waiting all day
And then you're like I gotta shoot this thing. He's like
What have we been waiting for son? Are you scared and you're like no and you shoot the deer
But then your whole life you're like
Not just a killer what anyway this lady's hiding from deer
That's a deer it's a little low res though
Let's leave it in the timing and look how friendly he is our deer that scary I
Mean unless you're being forced to shoot one are they that scary
Forced to shoot one. I'm not that I was hunting is normal
Um
Dear can actually be if you ever like run into
Cuz I grew up I grew up in Virginia. Well, stop doing my voice. I grew up in Virginia
It's sort of in the woods so they're occasionally be deer
Sometimes you'd run by like a big pack and they wouldn't be like
You're gonna come after me and maybe they would have I don't know I just kind of give them a really wide berth
So I guess you could say I also was scared some deer
If it's a male during a rut
Yeah, or I'm assuming it's like a female deer that has like a bunch of kids to protect maybe they could do something
They can get pretty scary when they get territorial something their hooves. I think a deer could absolutely fuck up
Especially several deer. I could I could be an infinite dears their necks are all dangly. What about
Bucks bucks aren't dears. No, there's male dears. I thought they were wrestlers
Chat, okay, whatever
Let's do three more. There's three more that look like they're all
Maybe quick although not the way I do it. Let's see what this is
Wait while he's dead. I'm going. This isn't an actual dead person. Oh, well, he's dead. Oh
What's with all the laughing emojis on that
Either he's fine or he's dead if he's fine the video is not that impressive if he's dead the video sad
Well, not all videos are meant to be good
Some are meant to be
Warnings a
Couple of those are crying laughing. I guess I'm guessing he's not dead
You look you had to know him if you know him. It's very funny if you don't know him you're like, is he dead?
He's I think that point is he's fine
It's a three for his potential death quite a zero
Three for him being alive. I think the three is for well, whatever
Okay, holy shit. This is three minutes long. This is some kind of I feel like a North Korea
Propaganda video. Let's just see what it is. Well, I mean, I give it all three minutes
Best ever seen
I
Can't even believe that's a I that's
That's incredible. I
Just that stuff it can do so strong and good a lot. Well, yeah, you gotta have a lot of fingers if you want to operate
Complex military equipment. That's why the AI naturally gives them a couple extra
This something sounds like something Trump would do his little dance to
Can you believe a computer generated that I can't believe a computer generated?
Chat and I are both very impressed
But chat less so
It's like that's coming in today very even one some low voter turnout on that particular
North Korean AI propaganda video. Well, we're covering up the lyrics if you could read the lyrics you've been moved by
Like Harry Potter somehow mixed with Kim Jong-un. They one guy had Dobby ears
Some for some reason they threw a little Harry Potter in there
They did seem to yeah seem to be a mix of Harry Potter and
missile launching videos
I don't know. Oh shoot. Our frickin food is here
Chat give him busy. No, I gotta go to shit
Hello, whoa, sorry, I got a call from a girl that I'm seeing that she needed to have a have a
Satisfying sex instant right right now and it was an emergency. So I ran away to do that
And I just did
Looking good candle
Want to watch one of these videos real quick?
I want to watch one of the internet's top videos real quick. Yeah, she does
Yeah
9-11 cheerleading
My god, they're doing 9-11 cheer
Federal workers
Thousands of lives were suddenly ended by evil. Oh my god
The pictures of airplanes flying into buildings fires burning huge huge structures collapse
And filled us with disbelief
terrible sadness
Oh my god, they got the Pentagon you're right
So many
They brought they pump smoke in I mean would it be anti-American to vote against that
That was a I don't think any of these kids were alive for it. This video looks old though. Why is it so blurry?
You're right. This video does look old. There's a chance. They were alive for it
I think this might have been
Like closer to what it happened
No
No, wait, what are you saying no to?
Closer to what had happened look there like iPads and shit
mmm
Yeah, but like closer in the sense of like in the 2000
Meaning these kids would have been kids probably
Everyone
Do what these what these cameras are
Where we could solve this right now. Oh, they can't see it. Can you zoom in on this?
Yeah, I can probably scooch it up. So Kendall's reacting to
Those are like iPads
What what what more people using iPads cameras, you know, yeah, those are two bit those aren't it seems like they're huge
Huge I think that puts it in like the tooth the mid-2000s, right like to
2015 maybe
No, I know I think the mid-tooth when are the first iPad come out with like a camera
I pads around that time as cameras like I guess I had was posed. I got that was post iPhone
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but like people didn't start using iPads as cameras until like iPad career
First iPad release date. I think the first iPad had a phone
2010 yeah, but were people using it as cameras in 2010?
I think they probably were so 2010 so that's nine years after so these would have been very little
These would have been much smaller children
Maybe it's for the 10 year anniversary of 9-eleven. Maybe this was like 2011
And your anniversary sounds good. I think we might have hit 11. We might have hit the strike zone here
Because April 3rd 2010 is when the iPad one came out
Yeah, but I don't know if I don't know this that it happened in 2002
But you guys not remember that time people were just using iPads as like their cameras
I mean I remember people some people doing that. I think it was like a huge thing. I guess in 2011. I was too busy
Taking improv classes to notice
Is it an iPad or the monitor screen of an old-school film?
Holding it like this. They're they look very iPad II
To to me to be honest and also I
feel like I
Feel like this doesn't look like a old-school digital like DV camera
They're holding them in a very phone-like way
We're doing some cultural archaeology here guys. Look how smoky they made it
This video wait, what was just a light?
What an insane I just want I also want everyone to
Know that me I Kendall I Kendall me was in Queens during 9-11
so that was
But I was very young so like
You know you think it's fake
Could be fake but faked by even if you fake it you still did it
Yeah, you still did it. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, but what if it's done for comedy? It's pretty it's pretty edgy
What is this AI it's too blurry to tell well, but maybe AI's gotten really good at making blood. No, this is an AI
It does AI lacks the creativity to get this done. I personally think people would do this right now. I
Think it's I would think I would be behind us. I think I would do it. I can see it being in a movie
Like as and everybody's reacting to it. He's just deduced this
Live in sleazy definitely knows the facts if I know live in sleazy
South Caldwell High School in Hudson, North Carolina, I'm gonna look out look up South
Caldwell 9-11
cheer leading
Hmm
9-11 Twin Towers tribute
Okay, South Caldwell students come close to 9-11 memories with their eyes
There's I don't know if that doesn't seem to be the same thing. Oh, he said maybe not or she you never know what life
That's true. I see could be a fucking dog. I don't think I haven't seen you could be a dog
Kendall's calling you a dog live in sleazy night. This is the YouTube video
And it gets even better we gotta watch this
We gotta watch some more of this
Um, oh shoot. Oh, I full-screen this
The fact that was preceded by levy crabbit
Wait
Okay, now the question is what do they do after
And I think we might get a little extra on the talent
Yeah
I don't think it was
Was the audio and not the crowd itself so this was only uploaded three months ago
But it's called rare media
So looking into this a little bit I managed to narrow down the school to South Caldwell High
So that's maybe we're living sleazy
The last podcast on the left subreddit brought me here, okay a Catholic school
Who is responsible this I'm pretty sure Kendall got it right that this says Spartans. Yeah
Spar well
Yeah, it does say Spartans
Spartans it's Montsigore pace high in Miami
Holy shit
Okay, let's google that really quick
This is amazing
Is we're doing research right now live in sleazy research
Do you do PI work?
I must know oh he found the fucking link to it incredible incredible
Why have I been rewarded by the universe with such incredible mods
Despite
We're running such a dumb twitch channel
Miami lakes chamber of commerce to hold election for board of directors pace school new students orientation
Okay, so this doesn't quite mention the
But that is he's absolutely right that's like the home of the Spartan. Yeah, here it is home of the Spartan
It's the exact area
And this was july 30th 2014 when this picture was taken
But who knows that could still be the exact same
emblem they have on their gym to this very day
All right, let's just google this really quick
9 11 tribute here. Yeah, we'll try tribute
I think maybe like twin towers or like, you know, there's a tiktok
Of people looking oh, okay, maybe not what about what about x
Will x help us I should really work for this. This is so intriguing
Montsigore pace Miami
Says it happened in 2015 2015. Okay
Montsigore pace high 9 11
Yeah, it's I'm finding nothing by just googling this
But I believe you guys that it happened in 2015
This is not an idol. This is just a tribute. Don't worry. It's not happening again
Literally in front of your eyes, although you'd be forgiven for thinking it is because of our incredible performance
So do you think the beginning of that performance were the twin towers and the third one
Was the pedagone and that fourth one was the plane that hit nothing
Um
Maybe because that guy just did a backflip into nothing. But then there was another series of backflips later
No, yeah, okay. I think you're right. I think you're right
They do muddy the waters because I felt like there were two or three instances of just cartwheels across the floor
Yeah, but I think those are like the planes that ended up actually not
Being good for America by not doing anything. I also don't think I don't think that cheer at the end was fake
I think the crowd went
No, I think it was understandably wild. I think it was the crowded during that speech the audio
I think it was the audio. Oh, okay. You think they piped in audio
Yeah, I would have stood up and clapped. I'll be honest
Especially in high school
I would have been losing my shit. I could have reenacted my experience and just went under my desk
I'm the experience of a lot of people in this running area. Unfortunately
Okay, I'm calling it 2055. There will be an nyc sports team called the towers
Uh
Yeah, or maybe the country goes a really different way and they're called the hijackers
We'll see. Stop. I can't
Uh, okay. Well damn
I think there's no better way to end amongst the web. That was amazing. That was that was in fact
A top a top contender. I don't think it got a 10
But it gets a 10 for intrigue a 10 of intrigue. Yes
I have a question. Yes. Do you think we if g4 is still around would have shown this clip on g4
I could imagine like I could imagine them being like it's too touchy and I would have been like no, it's not
And then they would probably have been right
I think we would have shown it. I think I think I think
Casem would have convinced them it wouldn't be me. I'd be like, I think we could show it and then cast and be like
We've gotta show it
Maybe if g4 was more independent, they could have
Because it was owned by comcast they could
But nobody was watching we could have gotten away with it guys the perfect crime
I'm gonna work again. Okay. Well a lot of came in for that. That was you came in at the right time. What a day
I am reliving. Oh my god. Those right now cheerleaders are making kettle relive her trauma
I'm so sorry. Wait also also that day my parents picked me up
uh from school
As you should as a parent should and all we did was hang out at their work while they finished their work day
It's pretty nice. Is that crazy? Is that crazy? I mean, that's not good
Get a girl's not a good way to get off school. I mean, it's not nice
I didn't think in my high school brain sick. I get to get off school
Okay
Well, that's all the time we have for today. You've gone amongst the web and now we send you out of it
For more web, but that you're not amongst. Bye. Bye
You're not letting me do the outro. What the fuck yo peace out bugger
Cheat at cheddar town. See you later. Bye. Bye
You got off school in Delaware. I also got off school, but kind of late in the day
Now that I'm older, I understand that they never the real reason they never want to get kids off school is it fucks with their parents
Work schedule too bad, but that day. I think we got like a half day ultimately
It could have at least taken Kendall the jersey shore to step on needles and get harassed by bums
Queens baby. I was at the port of Miami a national guard escorted you off
I like to imagine they escorted specifically live in sleazy off
Which I'm not saying is impossible
That the national guard showed up and they were like sir right this way
And it happened at like 6 a.m. In Cali still went to school
Yeah, but you're all the way on the other side of the country
I guess there was some concern that there were just going to be more terrorist attacks everywhere
Yeah dining with Obama on the port and filling him in on what's actually happening in the world with perfect accuracy
And they're like mr. President something happened. We got to get live in sleazy out of here. You could finish your meal
Sorry, mr. Future president. This was young obama
Uh, I still went to work, but they said we could go home and take care of personal ish if we needed
Reverend wolf. Thank you so much for the tier one 27 months
I do in fact love to see it. I ate it. What'd you eat? I ate this up. I just ate it
27 months of the army stuff. You're not the hype train. You don't get to eat the hype. Well, I did
Sorry, I did the thing the other thing does
But I did
Oh
You got picked up by your mom upset because the day before I got a ps2 for my birthday and couldn't use tv for the week
His parents were watching news
Yeah, at the time everyone really felt like how many terrorist attacks are there gonna be which isn't I guess
As crazy as it sounds given that it was pretty shocking. It was certainly like uh
It's certainly rattling for for everybody
Now if it happened, I wonder
It would definitely obviously would still be huge news, but would people feel the same like
upset to the routine
Or because it because 9-11 felt like it was like they were they were breaking something that Americans didn't think could be broken
Now that it's not that they've kind of already shattered the glass and the glass like keeps getting shattered again and again
For people I wonder if it would somehow be like less of a
Of a national event. You're starting to argue that
If another 9-11 happened people wouldn't care. I just think they would care in a different way
Flying was different. Even I remember
Even I remember wait you were alive before 9-11. I don't know. What was that?
My dad worked at an airbase and even though we're in Canada
I remember it being like a big deal because they were worried about something happening here
They totally changed the safety protocols after that too. This is criticism
Bregi
I used to be able to drive up to the side of the hangar my dad worked in now
There's like three layers of fences and security checkpoint checkpoints and you can't get in without a badge
Yeah, I mean my memory of flying before
9-11 is still to go through security obviously, but just like
Everyone was in a slightly better mood
um
I don't even did you you definitely didn't have to do I mean technology's changed me
You didn't have to go through like the hands up security thing
Kind of could just stroll through a metal detector
I guess it wasn't
It wasn't functionally like there was still a security checkpoint, but it definitely at least felt different
But now that I'm trying to describe how it was different. I'm like
Was it wasn't was it different? Oh, you could meet people at the gate. That's true
Like in the movies
Where you run up to the gate shoot a gun in the air and you're like i'm here to collect my wife
That didn't happen in the movies
Uh six on the dice. Thank you for the follow
Shoe bomber ruined everything
Yeah, we don't blame
specifically the shoe bomber enough
We gotta
Six on the dice
Thank you for the first time chat. Welcome to the only news
That I know of you are a dog though
Yes, the only one I know about so
Congrats
Uh case that was in every movie. Where were you?
Hey, right. I was
Pultulous rube as always
Um, let's do one more news and then we'll
Do a how-to that of music and we'll get out of here for the day first. Let's see what else is happening in the world today
Tyler, how you doing?
I'm feeling great
Some of us don't let our mood get dictated by world events guys
Someone's there. It's like, what's up?
That's true. Yeah, and you are that way. I am that way. I'm Tyler everybody. It's good to see you
Deft is her for your credit than he gets that's what 2025 is all about. It's finally giving credit
to the right 9-11 hijackers
I'm not sure that's gonna be popular case. Hmm. Maybe that's not what 2025 is all about
I mean, I hope it's not. Oh, okay
Any news you want to talk about?
Can we talk about like
Who's a nazi now?
Are they back?
Um, did they ever leave? I thought they did
Anyway, maybe chat we can do a poll on this and now, you know what? We'll let munch and crumb figure that out
We'll do that really quick in the meantime
Let's cover a different story
I'm just gonna pick one
Hmm
This seems important
Just a second. Let me set this up for everybody
Because like sometimes the like the most important story slips through the cracks
and
I'm like against that happening. I think
cracks should be illegal
And crack has been like cracks have been an epidemic on the streets for too long
And that's why I'm not letting anything slip anymore. Okay. Here we go
Um
And where's my story with the hawk?
Oh, there we go. Okay
I do do do
Usually we do this like before the show, but we didn't
But we just didn't this time. Sorry everybody
Hmm. Yeah, okay. There it is
Perfect
Drinkable mayonnaise is a thing now need I say more?
um
Okay
Fine, I'll admit it. I'm a little curious
I'm curious about what you're putting down here
Tyler
I've got this fishy hook
Have you ever been in the middle of making a sandwich smearing your favorite mayonnaise and thought to yourself? I really love mayonnaise
If I've ever thought I love mayonnaise you're lying to yourself. I I love mayonnaise so much. I wish I could drink it
I've never I've definitely never thought that
In November loss in a Japanese convenience store chain launched nomu mayo mayo
A drinkable mayonnaise that you can pick up in a cup and start shugging before you even leave the store
and with that
I want to see this in action
Let's see if we can find anybody
reviewing drinking
Oh wait
This is the thing that you could do that does it whatever stuff
I won't say the word but does it chets word
mayonnaise in a cup
Japan has done it again introducing a drink that's as bold as it is bizarre nomu mayo the drinkable mayonnaise
Created by lawson one of Japan's most popular convenience store chains nomu mayo is a mayo lovers dream
Or perhaps a nightmare
Packed in a sleek stylish cup and priced at just
198 yen or about one pound and eight pence it promises to be the chilled drink that mayo fans have longed for
But does it live up to the hype?
Social media is divided some call it. I'd like to see a person
Yes, is that a thing we can still do? I don't know might just be ai's doing that nomu mayo stuff mayo
I want to say nomu mayo
Okay, here's drinkable mayo
Japan's newest drink is everything is fucking ai no god
The truth behind cupy mayo
Stephen Colt, so this is a month old colbert was talking about this a month ago
First up what's going on in japan?
Well, i'm guessing heart disease because the land of the rising sun has a new beverage nomu which is described as a drinkable mayo
Not to nick pit japan, but all mayo is drinkable if you're depressed enough
Now you might be saying you might say in steve couldn't I get tome main poisoning from drinking a room temperature glass of mayo?
Don't you worry the mayo is described as a chilled drink
Because drinking hot mayo would be unpleasant
Yeah
You know, I didn't know mayo existed and I didn't know steven colbert still existed. He's been on the air for
like 25 years
I just thought we were like done with letting people host late night shows. I thought those were done
No, they're still
I know people who work for those shows
Are they okay? Yeah, they're doing great
Hmm, liven sleazy found a different oops found a different video. That's probably better because he found it. This is
Here we go. Here's an actual person
Interacting with the mayo. This is from six days ago. Okay
So it's finally those shipments are finally arriving and now we get to enjoy the fruits of the mayo results
The strangest thing I have seen today and what it is guys it's
nomu mayo
which is
Unthinkable mayonnaise. I guess if you like mayonnaise, you'll probably enjoy this drink. Okay. Oh my god
Oh
It's like mayonnaise like you you know like cute mayonnaise as if someone's like
Made it less thick made it really viscous and just squirting it into my mouth. This is like people who are obsessed with mayonnaise
Would you try it? I can see people being into watching her drink mayonnaise
What Tyler? Yeah, I mean she had like a good energy to it. I can just imagine like a lot of guys like
Just loving her vibe and watching her drink mayonnaise
I don't really like where your head's at. It's in a positive place
She's like a mayo influencer or something. I'm not trying to say anything weird
You might not be trying
Mmm, duke mayos will have it on tap for next year's dukes mayos bowl. What the hell is dukes mayo bowl?
I know better than to question if something is real after liven sleazy mentions it dukes mayo. Oh just one of the it's just a football game
They've got a mayo bowl
You need to get more into sports. Yeah, like this is basic knowledge
Damn, even Tyler knows about it. You've never heard about my eyeball
I didn't know the coach gets dunked in mayo. Yeah, and maybe next year till I was lazy point
Swap out that Gatorade put some electrolytes in the mayo drink
And now you're mayoing the full bowl. It's always been a partial mayo ball because there's not enough mayo products because you got drink
Mayo you can only put on solid stuff, but now
Who knows mayo sips?
Mayo drinks
Those are the two additional things you can have
Miracle whip juice coming soon, but that sounds kind of good. Um, it sounds better than mayo juice
You're not easily made queasy, but the thought of that is turning my stomach definitely like
viscous, but watery mayo getting squirted into your mouth
I don't think people are gonna watch me do that. You'd be surprised
Damn, I might have to buy this
Hey, you have to?
well
It seemed like the kind of thing
That I could do on stream options now. What new thing would you like to see turn into a drink?
Exclamation point. Oh followed by the option is how you fill this out chat anybody can
And then you'll be able to exclamation point one through five to vote
Oh
Oh, it's condol. Yes
You need to kennel needs to film something for work
Vote now
Why are you what are you doing? Why are you pulling it back? Because I need the wall. Oh
Oh
Kendall's tearing my studio apart
Crumb in a can anti-freeze
iguana milk sawdust and tobacco
Kendall's
Duplicating. Oh my god. The candles are multiplying
What is she doing?
Crumb in a can is somehow winning this pull by the way. Wow, that's a surprise
You're done. Could you put it back?
No
Oh
She's revealing the secret couch that la keeps under all of its buildings
Yeah
Kendall's gone into the multiverse
She's really shattering the matrix. It's true. Yeah. Yeah, if you keep going that way
What can I can meet yourself?
Oh
Whoa, you did it
I mean you did it as well as it's gonna be
Oh
Yeah, look, I think you nailed it the first time actually
Hey guy
Okay, bye. Thanks. Bye. Wait. You want to meet my brother really? Can you come back for this one second? Okay
This is my brother
This is my brother
Kyler I met your brother. Yeah, look. Hi Kyler
What's up Kyler? It's great to see you
We're comfortable with ourselves. So we do cheat kisses in my family
Can I get a cheat kiss Kyler? You can have a butterfly kiss
butterfly
Butterfly kiss
Thanks Kyler. That's your eyelashes by the way. Brotherly love
You like great
Okay. Bye. Bye Kyler
Kyler works in marketing. What a surprise. Yeah, and the face like that. It's easy
We're not from us, Virginia
Our heart all right. What? Where am I going?
Oh
Well, thanks for letting me know about this drinkable mayo. I might
See how expensive it is
And then make
Jeb drink it
You're gonna make Jeb do that
This is Jeb. He'll put anything in his mouth
Yeah
All right. Well, thanks for being here Kyler
And thanks to all of you and if you want to try some drinkable mayo just look up nom nom oh
And uh, you know I might
Not keep as well over the long journey overseas
But hopefully their refrigeration is up to snuff and it's not under pink sauce situation because I drink a lot of that and apparently
It's done some things in my stomach. Oh
like medical things
Yeah
No regrets sale later. Bye. Bye
Are the streets kicking it all um, we might kick it to the streets on Friday
Because we still have two more
Fresh segments to get to today
And we got to cover important news like that mayo stuff
Oh, and I said much in chrome would debate whether or not
Elon Musk was zig hyelin
Can you do a 24 hour stream or maybe an eight hour stream?
In a week
Or maybe four eight hour streams, you know the four eight hour streams in a week sounds more appealing to me than the 24 hour stream
um
But I think I would at least need to plan something to do
So like just just some kind of wraparound idea
for the eight hour ones
Maybe I give up on my previous plans to do a more in-person murder mystery
And I plan like some kind of
Streamy murder mystery to at least slightly pay off the sub goal of three years ago
That could be a thing I do one of the days
um
Yeah, maybe I'll plan for that uh
Still I'm going out of town in early march
So maybe we'll plan for it
April or may we'll do um
We'll do like a run of longer streams
Eight hours, maybe
Maybe that maybe it'll just be dependent on what the day's activities are but we'll call it a case of fun
Oh, I'm not leaving. I'm just going on vacation for a week. Uh
Like the second week of march
Maybe we'll even do a stream
We're going to florida. Would you guess why we're going could you ever guess why Kendall might want to go to florida?
Not back to china
But I do feel like wherever I go for the snow. Yeah, we're actually we're going to ski
It's changed down there a little bit. Yeah, you caught Pablo guessed it
It's definitely not for that shapeshifter. Unfortunately. Well,
Fortunately that I we don't need to get one but unfortunate that we couldn't potentially
Mar-a-Lago, maybe Kendall wanted to make a little
Side trip
Can we please go to Mar-a-Lago?
If I would just commit and uh go conservative
Maybe cp333
Even though the stream is small if I was a conservative streamer, maybe I could just get in a Mar-a-Lago
Anyway, maybe I could get an even as a
As a cucked as a fully cucked up lib
Which is my moniker. Oh, yeah, I forget that that that's like your
Uh, Esquire case fully cucked up lib blackwell instead of case blackwell esquire. Yeah, that's not all my business cards
cards
Just blue contacts and they will let you in
Oh
That's a fucking JD Vance joke and I took me a second to even get it. I didn't even talk to JD Vance yesterday
You never talked to JD Vance
We'll talk to JD Vance during dj music's
segment he can be the guest of honor for dj music
We can finally hear JD Vance rap. So we'll hear you rap
We'll hear JD Vance rap. So you let's send it to jeb
I'm sure there's things to learn. So let's learn what they are. Here's how to with
How's it going everybody just me today
In the wood no, I'm here dad. Oh
God cut to you. I thought it was just me today
No, I mean I'm here with you all day. Yeah, you have haven't you
Nothing else to do with your time. That's just where I work
What do you do exactly how to use?
And I would work custom woodworking projects
Okay, go go back there and use that buzz saw then jeb
You mind just quickly using that buzz saw back there. It's not on right now
But you do use it. I mean
Why would I be in here if I didn't
Anyway, that's my dad. He's dead and he's in the wood. Oh my god. I am. Yeah, you are you're dead and you're in the wood
So just keep that in mind
impossible to forget
What's going on with my voice? What's up with? Ah
Someone fix it. There we go. Oh, whatever
Does jeb still have all his fingers? Yeah, because I'm good
And the things I learned to do I got all these fingies
Every little fingies right where it's supposed to be unless I put it somewhere bad
I know I don't I I'd love I'd love I don't get the I don't have the chance to
Oh boy. All right. Let's learn how to do some stuff
Hmm
Oh, this is that masculinity expert you've done before
Great. You've had some really good advice on I think maybe it was deepening my not deepening improving my voice. I can't remember
Anyway, I've always wondered if I could smell better
Everybody would love to smell a little bit better. Hmm. Is that a concern most people have everyone would love a better scent
It's a whole industry daddy. It's not just me
So let's find out a little advice from this fellow. Wow
Hi, my name is Michael Russer. I'm a prostate cancer survivor with full erectile dysfunction
And I'm dedicated to helping couples with ed get to intimate
I'm sorry, I'm laughing at something else
and better than ever before
When you have ed anything you can do to stoke the fires of intimacy with your partner
Well, that's a good thing and in this post I'm going to reveal my secret weapon that leaves my partner
Craving for my affections every time and I'm also going to share how penetration fellas heat up your together time as well
Now I remember when I first met my partner
She was standing with a friend outside of a church one evening looking beautiful
I asked them for directions to a room where a meeting I wanted to attend was being held
With a big smile
They pointed the way and as I turned to enter the room and out of earshot
The woman who is now my partner turned to her friend with a dreamy look on her face and said
Did you smell that?
A person sent can be one of the most powerful attractants and arousal factors for the opposite sex
Let's just run it back and make sure he's saying this correctly
Remi looked on her face and said
Did you smell that?
As long as she said it like that
He's probably onto something
A person sent can be one of the most powerful attractants and arousal factors for the opposite sex
And let's be clear here. I am not talking about cologne or perfume
I'm referring to one's natural scent and pheromones
Now unfortunately in our hyper hygienic way of life
These natural attractants are too often scrubbed away to be noticed
Now this is where my secret weapon comes in. Just don't see me off. I wear something called molecule
01
It's for both men and women and is not a fragrance per se
Instead it seems to enhance each person's unique scent and maximize the dispersal of their pheromones
Much to the great pleasure of the opposite sex
Let me tell you something folks. Is this how to just
Buy some molecule molecule 01
This stuff works like love potion number nine on steroids. You wouldn't believe how many women come up to me and ask
What are you wearing?
Even to this day my partner cannot get enough of my scent every time she sees me she literally buries her nose in my chest and
Start sniffing. No really. Well
So at this point there should be no question as to how important our sense of smell is to arousing
Amorous intentions within our partner the key here is to make sure it is our natural scent
And that's something that masks over it with an artificial fragrance
So are you curious to know where you can get this stuff?
Well, it's not very easy to find in the us, but don't worry. I've shared a link below from which you can have it delivered
Right to your front door. Oh, okay
Okay, I am dying to know your thoughts and especially your stories about how your partner's scent has played a part
In your experience of intimacy. Please take a moment to share them below
and remember this
When it comes to ed the scent of intimacy is
The smell of success until the next time take care
I gotta buy it
I mean, I don't probably need it
It didn't hurt, right? I was at the trump and all grace. I thought you sorry Bernie started talking
I could hurt. What if it
one of my natural scent
Gets worse the more you smell it that actually adds up
A long walk for that info. Well, here's feeling it was a how-to smell better
It might have been a simple step by this product, but he had to make sure he really filled us in
Okay, well look he asked people to comment below
So let's just double check what the comments are because I'd love to get some testimonials
Only one comment and that comment is where is the link?
And I can see why
There's no link. It's one of the oddest sponsored videos I've seen
A full ad for three minutes
Maybe he had to take it down
Let's look up molecule
Zero one
eccentric molecules. Oh
Don't worry. I found it guys. It's only a hundred and fifty dollars
It consists of 100% iso e super pure and singular it combines with almost
Carmelisus with your own smell to meld into a personal scent signature
Are you ready to spell smell a little more personal?
To have your
The one you wish to get amorous intent from
bury her nose in your chest
Even if she can't put her face near any other parts
Because they're fully blown
Dysfunctional
Give it a shot. Jeb. Why not? I don't want to spend a hundred and fifty dollars there
There is a product specifically crafted for a woman's scent
All right, well, let's forget it
We're gonna try to hook the boys up
Let's not negate. Let's not neglect the ladies. Let's see what their scent
modifier has to offer
Bolva original worldwide unique whoa the erotic intimate scent of a desirable woman
The precious vaginal I panicked to hit all the buttons at once
I can I there might have been part of that I couldn't show let me see how
Let me see if that happens again. No, we can show the rest of this. Okay
I think that might have been the only one that could get me in trouble. All right, let's keep going
Precious vaginal fragrance filled into a small glass file
Ah, whoa, whoa
It's getting just leave your clothes up. It's a bigile of a ginald scent
It's not a perfume
purely a substance made for your own smelling pleasure
Ah, whoa
Leave him on
Oh, no, she took it off
You already have to beat citric soft when you're stinky. I don't want something to make me stink here. Oh my that's we just got a
We just got some information. I wasn't expecting
Breathe in and enjoy
Fiction has become reality
carrying around the vaginal scent to enjoy erotic fantasies anytime
Oh, look at this guy. Listen to that music
Dump some of that on my wood. Whoa. What come on?
I'm trapped in the wood
But I can you could dump that on the wood
That I'm not so much trapped in a wood
as I'm
Trapped in a scent
Come on. I don't ask you for anything. She yeah, take it easy
Dump the vaginal scent on my wood
Dad stop saying things like that to your son
Who else am I supposed to ask? I'm gonna have to write jet
And he'll have it right over here. Fine. I'll get it for you because jet you're right. Well, what do you maybe talk you out of it?
Nope. No, he wouldn't get it for me. Oh, geez
Let's get away from smells
I'm overwhelmed
We need let's get back to a simpler how-to like purse-lipped breathing. No way this could be sexual
Let's learn how to breathe with purse lips
Purse lip breathing is one of the easiest ways to help control shortness of breath when you are active
Good. It slows the pace of breathing making each breath more effective. Okay with your mouth closed breathe in slowly through your nose
Then breathe out slowly through your mouth with your lips in a whistling or kissing position
Here's how to do it
Do you hear that breath?
Remember to breathe out twice as long as you breathe in and repeat this two or three times as necessary
Sponsored by national jewish health
What?
I just I I don't nothing against jewish health. I'm just like how does that?
That meant to specifically help jewish people with health. I'm purse lip breathing
That's just a thing. She happens to know it doesn't mean it's all about jewish health
Well, but how is it about health?
Is just good for me
It's not good for me. Why don't you like about it?
You know what? I do feel better
all right
If I'm not jewish, can I still use that training? I'm not sure and I have not done that
To any jewish members of the audience if I'm doing something sacred to you to your health
I apologize. I can see why you do it though because I felt good doing it. What felt good about it the whole activity
Your jewish that it's okay. Life and sleazy got my back. I can purse lip breathe. You do it daddy
I
Don't think we watch the same video
It's hard to see from the wood sometimes
It's for everyone. Thanks. Life and sleazy
He's never wrong. They're never wrong
I'm assuming okay. Well
How to clean and reuse frying oil cornstarch method
Clean and reuse frying oil
Is that a
Is that like important? I love you use a lot of fry. Well, you'll need it. All right. Well, I guess I may as well know it
Let's see what this guy has to offer
We got something to save you some money
Cornstarch water that's here. Y'all look at this. See all that nasty looking stuff. It's in the bottom of this pot
I've been frying all kinds of stuff in here. We have fish fries instead
It just gets kind of
Kind of nasty. Okay. I was showing this up
Get the little crumb straight and stuff and watch what we're gonna do over here
Y'all cornstarch
Just ready to show me years do
Put cornstarch in this water
He's just fully outside
About a cup and a half of water. I could imagine it gets dirty if you leave open broth outside
Close it up
Frying broth
It's important to stir. You're right. No bra here either bottom line. Okay. Once it gets that hard you just stir it up
We're gonna start to do them. I don't want to check the temple
It looks like he shaved his chest though, maybe
Y'all gonna see that so maybe there's no hair risk. That's three thirty forty
Three thirty nine three forty
That's hard
Almost three fifty. So it's hot now. We're gonna go against the other thing everybody's ever been taught
You never
Dynasty later seasons Billy will
Okay, we're gonna drop this in here
Oh
I like giving a little go around something about this doesn't feel safe to me. It's an open pot of boiling liquid
I gotta do this
Boiling oil no shirt
It's so loud there's so much noise
There I can cut off the grease
Cut that fire off to the fire that's hot grease
We're gonna roll this critter up here and let it drain. Oh, it's a critter
It's got some of this. Look at that
Perfectly clean cooking oil nothing in it at all
Perfectly clean. Yeah, it's ready to cook for next time. It looks like it did do something
Perfectly clean seems clean enough
Look, you don't eat fried food because it's perfectly clean
It'd be nice if it was well, it's not an option
You're frying food outdoors and
Shirtless overalls
The mission was never perfectly clean. I shut it wash though
He did say that
Fried wood
Haha, deep fry you would that release me? No
How do you know that let's watch another video?
Let's watch one more
Mmm, sorry. I'm just seeing if there's any we haven't watched yet. Ooh wishling. We do know how to whistle now
Telling someone they're a bad kisser
Okay, well, you know it's been a pretty sensual day of how-to's
But what if the sensuality goes wrong? What do you do that can be real awkward? Let's find out
Do you guys want to see something terrible? Sure great
Oh god
I don't know if I did want to see that
I know that you have encountered a kisser just as disgusting
Someone who's all tongue terrible hands
Slapper everywhere
And you might really like this person, but you don't want to break up with them. How do you tell them?
Oh, you got some ideas
Do you know what I really like what do you like is like?
I don't know. I like saw this in a movie when you say that you saw something someplace else
It takes your partner's ego out of the equation
So I was like watching this movie and they were like kissing like really slow and like just kind of worked up to it
It was just so sexy. We should you know, we should try that sometime
That way you're not directly dissing your partner's skills, but giving them a different option to cling on to
What do you think?
I think everything you said was good
Another way to talk to your partner about their
Absolutely god awful kissing skills is to basically take all the blame yourself. She just asked this guy to do this
So I'm like kind of weird when it comes to kissing. I have this really specific way
I like to be kissed and it's like
Soft at first. They're gonna be so embarrassed to the people that you porn with find this video
A ton and then like a little bit more and a little bit more but just like really like slow and sexy
I know I'm like so weird and random because weird
Weird right? Yeah, what are their girl on earth like I feel like all like social how-tos
Assume you live in a world where no one can read subtext
And I think that's actually a good approach that
That way you're taking all the blame off of your partner and kind of putting it onto yourself
And I know that it sucks to pretend like you're the freak show in this equation
But really the freak you want to dump your partner or do you guys want to get better kissing together?
Choices yours
There's a part two there that I think maybe we'll save for next time
Oh, come on show me
Deep fry me cover me in vaginal scent and show me that video take it easy daddy. I'm locked up in here
Give me something give me something to feel Jeff. You can't feel anything you would oh my god. I am in the wood. Yeah
All right
Want to watch some more peeky blinders? Yeah, I've been watching the show peeky blinders
Sometimes I'll put my wood dad on the couch with me and they get up to a lot of violence. They do
All right, well me and my wood dad are gonna watch some more peeky blinders
I'm late to the party, but
It's all right. It's great. It's fine
I guess my standards have dropped a little bit since I became trapped in the wood
I am pretty much relieved to see anything other than
Well the wall you point me at
I point you at me. Yep, exactly
Okay. Well, that's all the time we have for today
And don't worry if uh, you're bad at kissing
Well next time maybe we can short you out because you are in fact never too old to learn a new trick. I'll let my mind
There's some tension between those two and I don't know what type it is
Stolen by the leaves. All right. Let's get out of here with some music
It's time for the most challenging segment of all to hear dj music
How's this auto tune working today?
Um, oh it's jeb. What'd you do? Just looking for my glasses. Pito's helping me. Okay
Pito what's going on with you?
Mm. Just throwing my voice
Check this out
What?
It sounds like it sounds like you're talking when it's me
Wow
See I'm throwing
I'm throwing my voice too
No, you're not. Wow. What'd you do?
See we can both do it. Wow. I'm a ventriloquist for case. I control everything you do
This is a weird version of ventriloquism where you show the ventriloquist's face
This would be the logic here, right? I don't know. See now who doesn't know things. Me? Yes
But I know
That is time to my voice is swirly today. Yeah, I swirled you up
Reality's breaking down. Yeah, that happens sometimes
Anyway, the auto tune's broken. So you're getting that unfiltered dj music once again
That's not gonna stop us. It's time for dj music
My smoke is the smoke is still going damn
Smoking out. Whoo. Turn that off. That's for before the music set. Oh, where's my lasers?
Oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Let's see if there's any d uh jd dance
music
Ah music music because we're supposed to talk to him apparently
Here we go. All right, good to see everybody today
Smoke from the la fire is unfortunately not up here
Although our hearts go out to all of that burning love. Well, it's not all love. I guess it's not all love
It is a look it's always all love, but our love goes out to the people who had a problem not to the fire
Though I do submit that it's all love so take that as you will
JD dance news
Is there any JD dance news? There's a video of his first visit to the oval office
Maybe we just talk about different
You know whatever let's watch it. Let's check out
JD van's first visit to the oval office
huge news
He's in there
When trump lets him in he's in there
Let's see what he's up to
Your health is a big problem. I thought that was EDM
Damn it. They're tricking me
Skip this ad. I need to see I need to see what JD's up to
This is the video
It's you it's Margo. Wow. This is JD advanced's first time to step into the oval office
It's incredible. This is incredible
Wow
Thanks Fox news. What an incredible video
There's no time like your first time
You know what I mean?
Wow
Yeah
Damn girl
Open the door
Choose on
Lock it in
I'm treasuring son
You in that room
The old face
It's an old face
Give me that old face
Look at the wall
Now it's on
Getting looked at by that George Washington
This is the chair where the greats and the worst sit
Now you rubbing it and getting it with your slip
Getting your JD advanced pussy all over that oval office. Now you stank it up jam
Y'all JD advanced got his pussy in the oval office now. He's giving it a workout
What's up y'all? That's the top story for the day JD advanced got his pussy all over that oval office
Wow
Now he's got that say all over that office. They call him JD V the V is for vulva
Now he's in the office and you know it's over
Anyway, I'm just trying to set JD advanced up to come talk about his first experience
So please welcome to
Degenerate that dance here to answer your questions about anything that might be going on in his life
Let's get your guest out here for the day. It's your boy JD
We need some um, we need some
West Virginia trap beat
In honor of
The first man from West Virginia to actually be from Ohio
It's JD advanced here to answer your questions any questions you might have for JD advanced
There's no okay. This is a country type beat. I'm just gonna assume this counts. Let's get him down here y'all. Please welcome at this time
Your favorite guy that's not the same guy you've been watching JD advanced get this off me
I know wearing some dumb blue hair thing. I'm not fucking blue hair
Get the smoke off
I'm the vice president now show me a little respect
You got any questions for me chat hit them up. I'm not afraid to answer anything. I'm actually not afraid of shit
Whoo, I'm inspired. Fuck you skimer. My dick is not on fire. I'm a hic stick
I'll give you my hic stick. It's been in the oval office. So now it's extra slick. Okay
Come from that strong immigrant background
Do you hear the sound of the background? Immigrants are leaving town down in Ohio from west Virginia
I'm giving me a smile every time that I see a little deport
I'll reach into my pocket and I give it a snorkeling like i'm donald trump jr. At the
inauguration the no sensation am I still sleeping on the couch? No doubt
In that couch way down south. I'm not ashamed to fucking admit that shit
I'll find your coach and I'll make it my bitch getting weak
Deep in the slim if it's got a cushion that I'm fucking in it
JD Vance the V is for vagina but couch vagina
What up?
Are you peter theor's fluffer peter teal's fluffer?
Not her butter
Give me that boy. He's a cutter. I fuck peter teal bitch. Did I stutter my couch is black jd wouldn't like it
That's slender and you can strike it. I will fucking cuss no matter the color as long as it's american made
Bitch just my brother
My couch brother and I fucker was the inauguration indoors because they had too many fans
Goddamn
There was no room in those stands. They were all there and they were shouting it out. They're saying jd
He's the best. No doubt. How do you spell it jd jesus? He looks damn fine. See
JD
Number one
vice president
Yeah
Bye-bye
I popped up here real quick
DJ music took a break because
It's honestly because of the way JD smells. I'll be real the way he looks
That is how he smells
Which isn't like me by the way
All right, let's get let's get DJ music back up here. One sec. I'm back. It's that easy. All right
Well, that's all the time we have for today
Couches do have more cushions for the pushing. Yeah, the cushions the main event
Look, I'll say this about JD. He seems more confident than ever and I'm sure that confidence will be rewarded
Because hard work is always rewarded in this country. Wow
Whoo, la la, baby
How do you get in those jd pans?
Gain some weight
All right
And they just won't fit otherwise you gotta get a little gut going take it from me
DJ music
Well, that is the stream
That you do see
Apologies for chat for bringing out JD
for me
I had to leave
He's smelling like they filled up that vulva sleeve
Have a good night
DJ music. Well, thank you, Mr. Breachy. I know that you mean it
Let's find a ride now somebody to raid we gonna get out of here so we can go get paid
We got some work to do after the two hour stream
But we gonna raid Bruce green because he is so mean
Oh, actually it looks like re-reason
hours god damn man
He's been streaming for 15 hours. Well, I don't know how much longer she's gonna be on but
Former g4 employee miss re re herself
96 hour sub-a-thon
What the fuck well right now she's working out which is uh
Always a healthy choice case claims you've been doing that lately
Well prove it do a 96 hour stream where you do yoga in the middle of it
But something tells me people might enjoy watching her do it just a little bit more than case
All right. Uh, say hi to tana for me dj music and maybe case. It's a it's a case, right?
It's a sub-a-thon. So if you feel like spreading that love, I'm not gonna stop you
That's all the time we have for today
We'll be back on friday
It's a monday wednesday friday schedule between 11 and noon is when case claims
He's gonna make an appearance will dj music be there I will be if you request me
Because it's always love when the alert goes off. I mean I'm on the roof anyway, so no problem
All right everybody. See you soon. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. the raid button
Still smells like jd dance up here. That might not be going anywhere