I
Was hearing anime music right up top
Hey everybody we're here with John Madison I
Finally hood winked him into doing a stream with me now. He's trapped. How you doing John? I'd state happy Valentine doing very well
Yeah, very well. I am in a happy happy relationship. Love is a love is a plum in my life
Yeah, love is a plum abounds love abounds in my life. Oh, okay
Well, you look great. I'm so good. I do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you you're a natural fit behind this desk
We definitely look like we're in the same room together. It's it's honestly seamless
If I lean in intensely like if working like it ain't an argument, I'm to say like this it looks like I'm
Mm-hmm. Just you you don't know what the hell you're talking. Yeah, okay
I'm not gonna move too much. No, you can move face around you can move a lot if you want
That was beautiful
Good to see everyone bundlesprout smoke packs staunt and propaganda
Matt Liddell live and sleazy dank sauce reverie wolf
Car
Dang sauce here dank sauce is here. Oh
John John, you know dank sauce. Hell. Yeah, you're familiar
Yeah, Dave sauce and I you remember eighth grade. Oh nice
No, not like that. Oh nice
Yeah
Yeah
Well John um that we're sort of a news. This is a news stream
Uh-huh where we do a lot of where we do news stuff
Actually, I'm gonna zoom us in a little bit so that they can really see us in the same frame here
There we go. Yeah. Yeah now we look ready to report on the news. Yeah. Thank you. That's
Sort of our mandate here
Anyway, let's go down in the news fresh from the discord celebs with penises two bigs for screens stunt sausage drinking pills and wide
Lenses I don't really like to have to read is the only thing
so I have various
Co-anchors that are gonna help me out. So I'm gonna leave really quick, but I'm sure they'll all treat you very well, John
I'll go get chat for you. All right. That sounds great. I'm happy that we're talking about this
because
Penises are that are too big are too distracting for me. I want to know
What is it like? I?
Couldn't agree more and also extremely nice to meet you John. I'm chit
That's good to have a fucking another actual man behind the desk for once
Fuck yeah, you seem like yeah, good to be here. You seem like a real man
I couldn't fucking agree more and saying to you my friend
How much do you put a bench?
Depends on my fucking mood if I'm fucking pissed 500 for reps five hundo. I'm putting up five hundo for four
reps not four reps
As many as many reps as I do usually like I 12 potentially
Hell yeah
What do you do to keep from tearing things you stretch? I mean unless I'm tearing up the fucking world with my fucking manhood
Case sucks case sucks so fucking much. It's crazy, and this is like
Wimpy's a noodle he I fuck I always call him fucking noodle dick black black dick. Oh
Well, I gotta tell you I was on a cruise ship with that with that man, and the mope of the man
He is a man when he said when he sleeps he snores like a man. Oh
He's fine. He's manly in his sleep in his sleep
Yeah, all of that all of that restrained manhood comes out in his sleep. He's like sounds like a train. He goes
Oh all coming out. It's real. It's like
So yeah, watch out. Don't don't come out come at him when he's sleeping
I mean good thing when he's awake. He's he's just like one of the weakest creatures I've ever encountered
Not like a celebrity though with an enlarge fell us you ever run into this particular issue John
I know that you're a bit of an actor yourself
Do I run into an issue of
The shrinking of the shrinking pills
Yeah, do you ever have to like sort of dumb it down for the silver screen?
Well, I was on a quibby show where I had to talk about my penis
Mark Hamill saying a song about my character's penis. So Mark Hamill famously played Luke Skywalker
and
The size of my penis did not come up
And I did not technically meet him on set
But I could tell that he respected my work as an actor by how he sang the song so but no
I didn't actually have to show
full full rod to go full
Full bone or full
Hot dog full wiener that was not it was all movie magic
My penis was out of frame for most of the show all of the show for what they what they included in the quibby show
Even though they had you sing in a song about your penis
They didn't give your penis the shine and let it show and show it off for all the quibby fans
Most of the singing was done by Mark Hamill famously playing Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars trilogy
I only talked about my penis in relation to the size of King Kong and
King Kong's penis. Oh, oh, so you're like my penis is fucking huge basically
well, yeah, because King Kong has a
Pretty average sized penis and if you think about it
The the ratio of Kings Kong penis to my character's penis was about the same
So he was like, you know, my penis is a normal sized penis. Oh
Okay
The acting is must be difficult because for me
I would be so tempted to say that my penis was the size of King Kong, but I guess that's why honestly, I'm not an actor
Yeah, I mean, I think I think it's really just about playing the truth and you seem like somebody who's obsessed with truth
Oh, that's me right to a fucking tea capital T for truth
Yeah, what was that last word truth? Got it. Yeah, you seem like somebody who tells it like it is
And that's why I'm happy to be on the show with you check speaking to tell it like it is John
I got to thank you people real quick
Please do we got we got Tam train with five community subs and I think that's an honor of you probably so
Thank you for enriching case even though he doesn't deserve it
Yeah, well, I'm not getting paid to be here. So that's fine. Nice me. I well me kind of am but but you are it's not fair
What how he treats people and it's not my fault. I'd like to point that out Huey Keuler
I was resubscribing for one month uncle Phil to cave with a hundred bits sky me with a hundred bits
Stanton with the one month and microphone 900 with the 750 bits
I'll tail case like after you take out my prudine
You should really page on out of the subs that are pouring in because it's all love for you
Hey, man
I'm just happy to be here because you know what?
It's a rough time rough time in Hollywood rough time in every industry. Hmm. You must you must feel that too in the news industry
You feel like a shrinking. Okay. Do you ever deal with shrinkage?
well muscle size fluctuates and
Every man every part of you can actually fluctuate by as much as six to eight inches depending on temperature. Oh
It's a thing I read a man's health
What uh
I've ever heard that I heard that hydrated muscle develops 30% faster. Is that related?
Yeah, I do try to stay hydrated. I inject myself with water. I try to drink up to three
Sort of like big barrels of water a day
Sort of on the Donkey Kong hydration system. I want like a full barrel of water if I can
And I'd love to be behind you
Chugging water in a gym. I bet you spot like a motherfucker. Excuse me. Yeah, and I make the lady spot too if you know what I mean
Sorry, dude
Yeah, electric
Thank you. Well, look, this is a news story show
Unfortunately where we can't avoid all day
So let's I guess read about this news about genitals and the problems with them being big big old dicks have been in the news
Did you see Drake's penis by any chance?
Not recently you should check it out. I mean it's might be harder to find now, but I think it's at least worth a look or two
Okay
Thanks
Anyway, but Drake ain't the only one with the dick. They slag
That's kind of out of control because over the years genitals have faced censorship on screen and this is courtesy of
The Daily Star one of our most used news sources
Anyway, censorship on screen for various reasons modesty nudity
Contracts it artistic merit, but some actors have been forced to disguise their manhood simply because they were too large to film
Some opted for stunt penises others found body doubles and others had their bulges smoothed over in post-production using CGI or
airbrushing
chat I'm reading here that Drake's a Drake's penis is
42.5 centimeters and
Half of the Drake's total body length comparable to the penis of an ostrich. Have you heard this?
Wait, can you quote those numbers to me one more time? I got to do the math in my head
Apparently Drake's penis is 42.5 centimeters and a Drake
Has it's about half the size of Drake's total body length and comparable to the penis of an ostrich
Or in 2.5 cm 2 inches. I don't use the king's measurements or maybe I do sick
He's got a 16 inch penis
That's that is what I've heard that is what I am reading right now
That the penis size of of Drake is underestimated
We measure the length of the unwound averted penis of an aroused
Drake and found it's 32.5 centimeters long when hanging under the force of gravity
But that could stretch to a fully unwound 42.5 centimeters, which is a large penis jet
that seems
like I mean obviously that does not intimidate me because like I'm like in that vicinity, but that does sound like
That sounds like a lot
Well, I think there's a lot we don't know about Drake and a lot of we don't know about Hollywood in general
But I think it's good to that we finally unwound
the truth here
Yeah, because it would get tangled up at that size. Oh
Wow, who's that? Oh, they're requesting a guy named DJ music, which would be an interesting thing to attempt here
Because it's sort of a singing thing that case
Sends to but I think due to possible technical limitations. You might be hearing the beats on a bit of a delay
Oh sounds like the kind of excuses that case Blackwell would make but not the excuses that Chet would make good point
shit
Fuck all right. Well, man. Chet. We'll throw it there. We got to finish this news story really quick
And also, I'm just seeing are you sure they're not talking about like mythical drakes like somehow scientists are measuring a giant dragon's penis
Now listen, Chet, if we're here to talk about dragons, I know a lot about dragons
I'm here to talk about Drake, okay
And I think the Drake it says the Drake has a corkscrew penis that is 42 and a half inches long
I'm just saying what I'm reading
Here on the internet. I can kind of see it in the video the video is blurry
But I could imagine that it was in kind of concentric little circles and just due to the sort of fidelity of the
Don't leave me. Please. Don't leave me hanging bro. Please. Don't leave me
Sorry, I kind of made your pain
The force of my hand
That's my bad. I'm I don't know my own strength sometimes. That's all right. I
I'll put some oil on it later. Okay. I'll finish I'll finish this story real quick
Just and then we'll move on to the roof where we'll see how that works
Jennifer Garner was choked that her ex-bin athlete had to be film using a wide lens because it's so long
Ben went full frontal in gondola and a blink of an eye you'll miss it seen
With her talk show host Ellen generous joking that nudity was simply to entice fans into cinemas
Oh, this story is real short. I think
Oh, wait, no, it's actually just full of ads
Um, his then wife Jennifer Garner wait, we heard that
um
Jen added it wasn't a discussion. It was like, hey, it worked today Fincher talked me into coming out of the shower
And I was like cool. I hope they had on a wide lens. He's not the only one
This is one of my favorite genres of news john where they just um, they block quote sections of conversations from talk shows from like the early 2000s
Yeah, yeah, I I my favorite as well chet
Yeah, it's important because people forget that like
Celebrities have existed for like at least 60 years. So there's a big backlog of stuff that we need to catalog about them
Yeah, even more
I would say that I would say it's even even longer than that
I think it'd be the date celebrities back to the time of the pharaoh. Oh my god
That's a good point. The pharaoh is almost like the first celebrity if you think about it
Yes, sir
Hey, if we're fucking blowing my mind, dude, you're full of wisdom and knowledge in a way that case simply isn't and I do
Feel like I have to point that out
Hey, I'm just happy to be
I'm just happy to be sharing the pheromones of a man like you jet. Are those are you wearing anything right now?
Um, I'm just musk. I try to eat like a diet of like salty and sweet meats and I think I just carry that smell with me
Yeah, I was smelling some like, uh
Uh, what is that like prosciutto? I was smelling some prosciutto
Something like that. Absolutely smells great
Yeah, I do what I call an all meat cracker. You get a little prosciutto on there
Get a little bacon
Get a little um, get a sort of a base of like just deli turkey meat
Um, and then you lay all that on top of like a very burnt steak, which I call a meat cracker
Uh, do you take any probiotics or anything with that heavy heavy meat diet like some sillion husk or anything like that?
Sometimes I drink a flaggin of just um of beer mix with rubbing alcohol
And that helps keep you regular
It's called the gangest con diet the drinking part is sort of controversial in the community
But you know, my goal is that I can keep myself healthy enough that I could have 6,000 children
6,000 children well, that's why the gangest con diet
I mean, I won't have the kids. I just want to have the vitality that I could
I see you're not are you're not on that like, uh, that reverse aging diet. Are you that guy who like wants to um
Become the age of 18 you talking my blood my boy brought my blood vampire in arms
Yeah, my boy brian something or other
I mean
I'm not going that extreme. I have six sons and I have not sloped swapped blood with them. That is a bridge too far for me
A bridge untaken. Yeah, I've kind of more of um an animal blood guy like in consuming it
Mm-hmm. Yeah, brian johnson is the guy you're referring to brian johnson
Yeah, I mean he is a legend of the game
He looks both younger and older every day and I think he's sort of
Diverging becoming more youthful outside while becoming older inside
No joke. I uh, he does hikes
In on like griffith like he has a male like a mailing list of people that you can do hikes with
We could hike with brian johnson
Yeah, I think you have to pay like a like $200 or something to handle to attend with these hikes
But I really want I really want to go on a hike
I think that could just uh
I think it'd be worth it. We had a call for an expert. All right. That's great. Um, let me just see what the deal is there
looks like
brian johnson to weigh in on the gangest kind diet
John would you possibly got brian johnson? Well, we case cast a wide net somehow and apparently he does have brian johnson available
I feel like we covered this penis story pretty pretty, um
But can you make a penis pun? I can't think fast enough
Uh, we've covered it pretty hard
We I am yes. Thank you
Yeah, any more
uh, we uh
We've we've cleaned the shaft of this story. Yeah, any or any more though just one more
We got more. Uh, yeah, we uh, um
This this this story has gone on long enough
Oh that you saved the best for last but what if there's just one more just out of curiosity?
uh, we uh
Uh, hold on i'm getting a
call for my
smag ma
And I need to end this story
That yeah, yeah, that was good. No, that was perfect. I was out. No, I think that I think you
Again, you keep saving the best for last you keep out doing yourself and it's really beautiful to see
Anyway, we do have brian johnson on the line
Um, so I'll send I'll send I'll get out of here
I'll get out of your hair for now real nice to meet you again
Hey, great to meet you chet. You're a nice to meet a real man for once big strong man
Strong man big you're one of the this camera is not doing you justice. You're like are you like seven feet tall?
Uh, I'm seven and a half. Yeah, yeah, I'm seven very tall
I'm like the camera adds 20 the camera adds five inches. Yeah for me
I feel like the camera actually takes a couple inches off
So if anybody's seen any leaks of me, that's really all that's happening there
But I'm one of the few where I'm just so big that it has to reduce me
I'm on a diet a short diet of strictly carrots for the next two weeks
Just so that I can try to yeah just carrots. Have you heard of this?
It's something you can get a little bit taller
Just like you can if you have you go on just carrots for two weeks
You'll get you'll gain an inch the little rabbit diet the little baby rabbit diet
Little baby rabbit diet for big big big strong boys. Oh the second part has me interested
I might have to try that out if I mean my my doctor does keep telling me that my insides
Um, they sort of look like a croninberg movie
So just out of curiosity. When was the last time you've had a bowel movement?
I'm down to about a month a month because I mean if you're using all the nutrients
That is worth that's worrisome. That's a little worrisome
But if you're using all the nutrients like there's nothing to pass
I can't argue with that logic jet. I mean, that's yeah, I mean
Look common sense is not dead and and it's a relief to have like an intelligent conversation
It's I mean
I gotta be honest. It's just nice to talk to a real man a real real biggie biggie big boy a big big big boy
Yeah, all right. I'm gonna get out of here. I'm fucking shit and normally I like to talk you about getting around
But today, honestly, I want to throw it to my man, John
So he can be Brian Johnson y'all know what stuff I don't send it back to John right now. Y'all stay fucking real
He's on big cheddar in the house. I'll talk y'all think
All right, we are going to be back on with Brian Johnson in just a minute
Um, a couple of things that I want to talk about what we're waiting for Brian are dragons
There's a lot of types of dragons in the world. There's frost dragons clearly
Those usually live up in the arctic, but a lot of people are unaware of the sargasso dragons sargasso dragons are fully aquatic
Fully aquatic dragons. They don't
They have wings
But uh, they also have unique crests on their head. I think people are not talking enough about the dragons
In life are they extinct the government would like you to think that they are
But truly they are behind the scenes as a part of the secret government that we are all
Paying taxes to every every uh, every year tax season is coming up
Uh, John, it sounds like Brian's ready to go if you're ready to talk to him. I'm ready to talk to him
Right. Uh, please welcome Brian. Let's put him back on. Brian, are you there?
Oh, can I help you today young man?
Brian, I like to be called young man as well
Uh, I don't think I've actually met met you outside of just the news cycle. Um, you look, uh
You look pretty good. You look pretty young. Thank you. I've
Obviously I've been taking serious steps to remain youthful
I
Have there been any side effects of this?
Um of this diet. I've read that you've it's it's it consists mainly of a lot of supplements
um, you know regular
blood transfusions
Well, there are any other side effects people get caught up on the blood. It's more of a
Um, it's like sharing respect with the next generation where it's plasma. It's essence. It's not just blood
All right, tell me more about that
Well, when my beautiful son comes over and my no longer aging father, he's going backwards as well
Uh, we we do a feast of what we call essence with each other where we stick each other with needles
We take our clothes off. We all get an individual baths and we trade tubes
That sounds uh, very intimate. Uh, do you have a very good relationship with your father and son?
How could I not we are of one we literally have one blood now
One blood for the Johnson family
Are are you able to see yourself in the camera here?
What camera to me? Don't worry about it. The life is a lens
And uh, really I'm always on
Um, well, you sound great. You sound youthful. What is the ultimate goal though, brian?
I mean, do you want to once you hit 18 is to become a baby
You become a baby to become a baby
You forever just want to be a baby to be well long do you want the longest term goal?
Yes, yes
To become a sperm
To become a sperm when that means separating from the egg brian. Yes
Well become a little I become a fetus first
Then I become the littlest fetus possible
Then I become an egg that's been inseminated and then I become a sperm and an egg
I see so you've been you'd stay connected to the egg
Do you want the longest term goal?
I just want to know what the I mean
Are you concerned at all about
Watching your friends continue to go older or they will have a lot of friends outside of your immediate family
I will pass. Here's the real you pass through the veil
Because I will become a sperm. I will return to my father's bowels
Then I will return to nonexistence, but in the other direction
Passing through the veil and becoming an immortal creature of pure light
But brian your father is also getting younger
So if you go into your father's balls and your father's father continues to get younger
Where's what will happen then?
Uh, whoa, what okay?
um
I'm sorry. You kind of reverted to some kind of animalistic
Hey, you're right there. Are you hungry? You seem to be there's stuff dripping out of your mouth a little bit
Well, look, it's all very aboveboard. It's just about health
You want to be as healthy as possible and nothing is healthier
Then becoming a sperm passing back into your father's balls passing through the veil and coming out the other side as a
Man-sized wolf with human-like features and incredibly thick luscious hips
So the ultimate goal is to become a werewolf after you've been sort of a permanent wolf kind of um
With a really nice smile and vibrant blue eyes
And like a rocking thick hips and you know, of course the jointed legs, but I stand up
I see I see well, um, I think you're on uh on track to do that brian
Uh, I have one question though. If you're concerned is about health. Why are you charging people 200 dollars to go on hikes with you?
well, um
Tony Robbins once said you can afford what you decide to afford
And honestly financial commitments are a commitment to yourself
So honestly you'd be a fool not to pay 200 dollars if it's something you're taking seriously
And I think the value you'll get out of it. You're really at the end of the day
I'm paying you because I'm honestly anything under value in my time even though my time is immortal
My time will never end my time is in the memorial and there is no escaping me mr. Matheson
Are those your children behind you or
hmm
Uh, there's there seems to be I got a fucking huge bad problem. I don't know where these guys came from
My house is fucked right now. I'm going to be real with you
Well, hey, we all we've all been there
I like you you should come to my place get in my tub
We swap a little lessons
Uh, yeah, we'll see about that. I don't have 200 dollars on hand right now, but um
You know if I can scrape it together. I care about my health too and uh, yeah
I would take some more supplements and suck some blood if it meant
A healthier lifestyle
Welcome to my abode john. I commend you by the power of the blood the blood and crypto
uh
I um I commend you john medicine to come to my place come to my house my crib is fucking chill man
We'll have a good time. What the fuck? I don't know
Hang on. Sorry. I just have this uh
I have I don't know why I have this
I am not a religious person
But uh, you know, it's my family's
My mom is catholic. She sends me these things and just recently she sent me this
I just happened to have it on hand. Are you have do you have a good relationship with your mother?
Have you do isn't this pretty isn't this thing? Isn't that so isn't that so pretty?
Oh, it's not nice. I think it's jade. She's Celtic and she's trying to like get me
He's trying to get me more like on board with my Celtic heritage. So
Anyway, I'm I swear to god. I am not like I grew up catholic, but I am not a religious person
You're right. You're doing okay, Brian
You're right
whoa
Sorry job. We had some technical issues there
Yeah, that was a little odd, but hey, I you get the best guests on this show. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Um
Look out msnbc. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, hey, I'll I'll join you back at the desk brian johnson just fully disappeared when you brought up the cross
Oh, well, I'm I'm sorry about that. I was just sharing something that I like I don't get mail from my
My parents a lot and just showing that off
Nice. I mean that's a beautiful cross
Oh, well, it's a rosary. It's a rosary. My mom, you know
I had to go through some health issues. She wanted to share it with I thought he'd like it. Thanks. Yeah, sorry
I just ran over here while you were talking. Oh, yeah, you good. You're not out of breath at all
By the way, chet was talking massive shit on you dude. God damn it. He just fucking doesn't know when to stop
I swear we're we're honestly very good friends. That's just how he shows. I think it's how he shows respect
I think people would love it if like
You would share like on your, you know, instagram behind the scenes and I agree normalized therapy
Oh, this is a segment actually john. How much time do you have by the way? Because I don't want to keep you too long
Um, I probably have another
I don't know 15 20 minutes. Okay. We're time for therapy. Oh, I love therapy. I'm pro therapy pro mental health
Thank you. Yeah, we're very we normalized therapy on the stream actually. We're very pro therapy
Would you mind being in therapy? Was that would that stress you out?
No
Okay, cool. So my feeling is that my therapist is just reading my chat
And that might be a little lazy
They he claims that he's not and that it's um, a drastic form of contra confrontation therapy
But I'll let you be the judge of it yourself. Um, I think it has done good
It's done good for me overall mentally even if it get confuses me
Yeah, I love therapy. I would happily go through
I
Just been looking for a new therapist actually so this could be
Yeah, maybe you're really good for me. Yeah, it's it's obvious. What's your therapist's name? Uh chat
I'm sorry chaff. Dr. Chet
Is it chet?
No, no, no, I god, that would be even worse. It's dr. Chet
How many of the people who come on your show are
similar to chat or chet or
Honestly, dr. Chet's pretty different. Sorry. Dr. Chet is pretty different than chet
But it isn't a pretty common naming convention sort of one. So I mean it is a common name. I apologize
Well, no, I just mean I it maybe I'm high maybe I have a type honestly
Maybe I need to talk to hr by doing better on my hiring practices
Hey, you know, it's hard for independent
small
New studios to to to structure them. I'm you're doing a great job. Thank you. Thank you. Well, I'll send it over to dr. Chet
um, and
We'll we'll take it from there and I'll launch you there dramatically using a high-speed elevator
So you'll be there almost immediately. I'll stay here at the at the studio just to hold it down
But for now, uh, let's send it over, uh, to dr. Chet
Oh god
That high-speed elevator hurts, uh
Hi, hi, dr. Thank you for having me. This is like link later technique. You ever done that?
You know something I quit being your therapist have john be your therapist a true therapist wouldn't ask dumb questions
Okay, uh, I don't think dumb
Okay. Yeah. All right. I'll I'll be my own therapist rotoscoping
rotoscoping, um
Is that when the camera what there's you know, is that a gents? Why do you love yourself? Why shouldn't
you shouldn't
but okay
I love myself because I think it's
Uh, good to be grateful. I I I guess I I don't know if I shouldn't or not
But uh, I'm just trying to live live each day in the moment. I guess
How many states are you allowed to be back in?
Right right now 50. Um
But uh, you know, I used to have a security clearance. I don't have that anymore
Um, I I was a military brat. I grew up, uh
Uh grew up kind of all over the place. Alaska, Kansas. Yeah, what was that? Num num
Num num. Are you hungry? I've got some chocolate. Do you want some?
Are you high on poppers right now?
Um
No, uh, although I have some
Yes, you can
Taco Bell
Um, talk
Okay, here we go. There you go. Yes. Very good. Good boy
You're a good boy
Yeah, you're a very good boy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you're a good boy. You're a good boy. Yeah
Were you spanked like recently?
Um, I was in a fraternity, uh for a couple of years, but
It was like a animal house. It was a small like only like 30 people in there and a part of the initiation was
You can opt out if you wanted but you could also opt in to get expanked
Lotion has many benefits you need to hear about
I'd love to hear it
Um, I use lotion. I hydrate my skin. I think it's important to hydrate and keep it tight
So I do I do use lotion
Please don't try and sell me on the new co-op. I don't need any more cabbage
huh
um
well
I've never
I like to cook. I like to make things with cabbage, but I don't I won't try to sell you on anything
I'm actually a little concerned about what is
What?
You came there. You came highly recommended. It's given you
I love that. I love scabby toilet
scabby toilet
Yeah, I love scabby toilet. I love I love that channel. Did you believe you only started like a year ago doing that shit? That's crazy
spoon
spoon
What do you see?
Uh, I see a lot of framed things on your wall. Um, I think they're all just inspirational quotes
no accreditations or anything and a lot of um
um
I'm not actually sure that you
that you are a
legit
Therapist, I don't know you're quite
Wonderful. Okay. Are you a fork?
Am I a fork? Are you a fork?
Is this like that Jonah Hill?
Therapy documentary like I is that a part of that I might I saw I watched it
But I also wasn't quite paying attention. So am I a fork? I might be if that's part of your your therapy. Yes
I'm in the in the in the drawer of utensils. I'm the fork
If you were a fork
dot dot dot
I would
Pick things up for myself. I would I would probably
I would probably choose myself more instead of
Picking other people up
um
Yeah
I should be more of a fork and less of a spoon. Sorry go ahead
Oh, hi doggy. Hi do the rat stuff. I'm not gonna do the rat stuff
Do the rat stuff
Listen guys. I'm not gonna do the rat stuff. Um, let's uh
Let's just get over it and I'm gonna go back into my set. Okay
Knife spoon knife you gotta fuck one marry one kill one
go
I would
Marry the spoon and oddly enough fuck the knife and kill the knife
Hmm
But always marry a spoon
Fuck the knife, but kill the knife
Help me, you know, there's a voice in my head that keeps telling me to say ridiculous stuff. Are you okay? Wait, isn't it real?
Okay, how can I help? Laura gasmer was the best Emmanuel
How how do I help you? I don't know how to help you
To do the rat stuff. I'm not gonna do the rat stuff dad. I
Some breakthrough
Breakthrough just want to get to know me
That was therapeutic. This has been helpful. You really are uh
You really are something. I didn't know what to expect, but you are something
Huh goon cave goon cave therapy beat
I feel their meat feet therapy. This is so weird. My shoulders feel lighter
Uh, I didn't expect that
Um, you're worth every penny. I'm not paying you. Thank you. Wow
Me too
Oh, you're weird, but I fucking your mere methods work. There's a method to the madness. I guess
Uh, yeah, you are. Yeah, okay
Bye
Yeah
Yeah, goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
Yeah, goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
Oh
It felt like acupuncture and a cold plunge
Kind of at the same time. Wow. I'm so sorry about that. I know that that can be a lot
I've never actually been case won't send me but
Uh, okay
I held up. All right. I don't think I've met you sir
Great point. I'm actually peter gibbon. I'm probably one of the best anchors around here
And that's peter gibbon. Uh, make sure to say that right and um, it's a pleasure to meet you jaren
Uh, it's nice to meet you peter gibbon
Um, uh, thank you for being here and thank you for having me on
Yeah, so I'm it seems like what case wants to do right now is um, he made a promise
To let chat meet crumb's cousin and you've been an incredible guest
But I'm being told by by our evil overlord. Uh, basically that we're supposed to send it to
Munch and crumb where crumb's cousin is filling in for crumb. I guess crumb has tuberculosis or something
Something with a t and uh, so he's out for a little bit
Okay. Yeah, uh, what is munch's crumb? What's what's munch's?
Got it his cousin. Yeah, munch is one of the hosts. He's sort of um an egotistical virulent maniac and crumb is uh
Sort of that but I think she's a good guy
Got it. And is uh, this crumb's cousin
A crumb's cousin's apparently just standing by so I guess we'll just okay. Well, yeah, send it down there
Thanks for having me on um, I'm happy to uh
And this is this was an emotional trip for me. So um, yeah, I'm just thank you so much
Therapy's powerful. I wish case would send me and maybe someday. I'll be lucky enough that he actually will
Hey, I well, I don't be careful what you wish for sometimes the monster. We don't like the monsters that come out
Okay, okay. Well, let's send it down to munch and crumb where apparently crumb's cousin is filling in
Yeah, thanks again to john manish and follow him at john manish and on all socials
And uh, let's check in let's check in with munch and crumb. Here we go
All right
We're fricking in we're in baby. It's good to see everybody
Zoom it in on me crumb crumb's about to leave crumb's gonna get the fuck out of here
He's banned. He's banned for the day crumb. You're being bad by being here
Um, but uh, don't worry. I'm gonna stay here. I'm not even gonna let you talk
I'm not even gonna let you talk crumb. You're sick and you're not supposed to be here today
Honestly, it's bad form that you even are but fortunately filling in
Very luckily we have crumb's cousin
Crumb's cousin. Uh, I have nothing against you yet
I met crumbs. I think brother and he was just insufferable
But crumb's cousin is great to meet you. How are you doing crumb's cousin?
That's going great. My name's plump
Plumb plumb. I'm plump
Plop or plum plum
I'm plumb plumb
Crumb doesn't invite me over anymore
Well, hey, that they're not they're not you've got a point in your favor
So people think I'm rude to people. It's it's nice to meet you
Just because you got a weird voice doesn't mean I'm gonna hold that against you. It's nice
Well, look, I got to call it like it is you got you got a strange voice my man
I'm just here to rack up those points. I'm already up one
Well, good luck against me because if you come from my points, I will attack you like a fucking vicious alpha gorilla
Just so you know that's another for me
Another what another point two points for plum. No, that's not how points work. We got a voting system
So just calm down. No, no points for plum yet. Okay
Plumb
You're on thin ice. It's plum. You're on thin ice. I will come at you just I'm a caged animal. Don't unleash me
Hey, if we're gonna play don't break the ice. Don't get on the ice with me. Oh, I'll fucking own the ice
I'll fucking delete figure skating from existence. Everybody's gonna have to walk or slide around on their feet on the ice
How do you like that? You better be able to breathe underwater, baby. I fucking can I can cast spells I can breathe underwater
You're a fish
I could be
Okay, if you want to get fucking fishy with me then let's bait
That's sort of the stone this bitch. All right. Well, look what what we do here is we debate things plum
And we're getting a little feisty. I'm making noise. I'm getting some looks from my some of my producers
So chat if you got anything you want to see me in plum debate
Throw that in the chat right now and we'll serve it up to you fierce
I can tell that plum's got the energy the energy that crumb lacks so far. You are a vastly superior
Uh debater in person. I can tell although it's a low bar
But what would you like to see us debate plum? Is there anything you want to debate?
I want to bait how you're a little bitch. Oh, that's not it's not a sub that's not
I'm not a little bitch. Oh, yeah
Listen, if we have a mod don't make that
I could smell your fear from here. I'm not a little that's not something we can debate and if we have a mod that may
Oh, just so mad
You smell just like crumb on christmas
Wait, how does he smell on christmas?
he cries
Because I got all the presents
You get every gift on christmas even though you're his cousin
I got every gift. They're all mine
Damn, I mean, I kind of respect that honestly like people think gift giving is the ultimate joint. Give me a fucking break
Obviously you want to receive
Stop sweet talking me and get down to business. All right. Look if we have a mod that can make a poll wait
What are we debating again? What I forgot what we said, but whatever the last thing I said
Just make I completely spaced out, but whatever the last thing we said just make that the debate for the day
Oh, actually, um, we have to get papito to do it really quick plumb while I while I'm making papito set up this poll
Um, could you just real quick?
Just tell us a little bit about yourself. Maybe where you're from
Yeah
My name is plum and I'm from nashfield, tennessee
Until I moved in with crumb and his crummy family
Then we stuck it out for several years every christmas
I would get up early and take all the presents because they were mine
He would cry cry about it. We didn't agree on anything. We debated everything all the time
a crumb
I miss crumb a lot
And I I hope I
I hope I could get what get back together. What you miss crumb. Uh, well anyway, we gotta debate wait a minute
Is munch. I told you guys not to do this one
I
Obviously, okay. Well, this is a layup because obviously I'm not I'll let you go first
Uh, because you said that I am even though I am not. Uh, what's your what's your fucking argument plum?
All right, here's my argument
Munch is a bitch because point number one
He wears a toupee
This is my thick natural hair
nah, man
If you're not a bitch you love what god gave you
And I only got this I was born with this like I remember my family
I don't try to hide it like you
Oh, yeah, you're fucking bald too. I was distracted by the fact that you're not crumb
But that's one of my least favorite things about him that you also have
See what's crazy here is I don't get to call you a bitch because it's not in the question
But the fact of the matter is I'm not and I'll tell you why I'm not
I can see chat having fun and that they're voting that I'm a bitch because ha ha I fucking get it
Well, here's the real reason I'm not a bitch
Go ahead and vote for me
Now you get no fucking points. Go ahead and vote for me that I'm a bitch. Go ahead and say that I'm a bitch
I don't even fucking care because I will proudly be a bitch. I'll be damn
Comes for your fucking ass. I will reach through this fucking screen and I will bitch you out and prove just how much of a bitch
I am with my fucking thick hair. I will fucking put a plum on my fucking thumb
I'll put my
Fucking eat that shit nom nom nom because I'm damn bitch and I ain't scared of fucking nothing plum and definitely not you
Tell me a secret
Tell me a secret
If you want a bitch, tell me a secret
I eat a payday every day before work even though I'm supposed to be on a diet. I just love the nuts and caramel
Oh my god. Why did I do that?
That's a point for you that I guess I lose a point
You wait, you just said you lost a point in the one instance where you
Actually got the point
I lost the point. No, you you want you. I'd never say this, but you won and you're saying you lost a point
Bitches don't care about points
You're then you're a bitch because you're not caring
Yummy, what's yummy right now your tears. I
Crane
Yummy stop licking up my tears. They're not there. Don't you have my fucking tears. Those are mine
Hang on. I'm seasoning this
Delicious steak with your salty tears
Yummy, well, I consider this to be a win for I'm at a loss of debate, but I don't mind being that bitch
I'm that bitch and and that means I'm I'm in a sense that that the fucking one
I'm the I'm the I'm the bi tch and it's it's it's it's like a Beyonce sort of thing. You know, I'm that bitch
Can I live with you? What?
Can I live with you?
I got a huge pair house that you could easily live in
I don't have a place to live
But I let me finish. No, you cannot
Okay, I just wanted you to know I I have the power to make that happen
Okay, but I'm giving I giving I take and you've been taking too much
So I'm not giving it. Oh, are you crying now?
Should I get my fucking knife and fork out and fucking eat your tears like a steak dinner
Get some a1 sauce for your fucking salty tears your tears popping like little bubbles on your cheeks
Make a little bubble noises for your tears popping
I think it's safe to say that I might have won that fuck you might have won that bitch battle
But I'm that bitch in this war so
Did I really lose?
My contention is that I never have even for a second. I'm on top
I've never been on the bottom and uh, it's a pleasure to have you here today. I appreciate that you cry
I like to make that happen and I'm glad to see you do it
Yeah, suck on that. This is what I want out of crumb. Why won't he do this?
I just want to make him a little baby. You fucking get it plumb
Curl up fetal it up baby up for me
This man's babying up for me
That's what I've ever wanted
This is this is the thing for me. This is doing it for me
Thanks, buddy. Thank you for having me off. It's a pleasure. Come back anytime
I mean, I don't say this often, but like I get your vibe
I'm gonna live in the trash
Okay, well
We'll just we'll just leave it at that. I'll live in the trash
Okay. Well, maybe we'll talk. I'll be in the trash. Maybe don't live in the trash
Okay. Well, just maybe there's other options
Don't think you're enough. We'll figure something out right there. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye everybody
Incredible work from crumbs cousin. John. What'd you think that was great? They really tore it up today those two
That was an intense passionate debate. I mean you really have the best
The best segments here on this show unbelievable unbelievable stuff
I always say I have one of the news teams that are a news team
What was that? I just I always say I'm one of the news teams
Yeah, that's true. Yeah, absolutely. Well, John, I don't want to keep you all day
If we do another segment it'll probably be about 10 minutes
But I'm guessing there's a chance you might have to go because it is valentine's day
I think so. Okay. That's fair. That's fair. Um, well, thanks for everything. You got to leave wanting more
You got to leave. I want you know, I'm thirsty for more. I'm trying to build lore in your discords
I appreciate it. Like I know that I want I want yeah more lore. That's why I'm why I'm what I'm here for
John, I have a tiny audience compared to you, but anything you want to plug anyway
Um
I do
Yeah, I do a lot of I'm trying to do a lot more weird stuff on my youtube
Which is uh at john madison j o n m a t t s o n
And uh star kid the musical theater company I'm working on is uh gonna have a pretty big kick
Start well announcement coming up. So
Yeah, kick starter
Yeah, kick started announcement. We'll see anyway, we'll see but keep an eye on if you like musical theater and
More stuff there. Yeah. Hey, john, should we write a musical together?
um
You've written several musicals
That I have not
Been a part of but I would love to see live in LA. Yeah. Well, I think you I think you and
Cigarette sandwich should produce a musical out here and I think you would have a big
Great time. What was that musical that you wrote?
Trash boy. Trash boy. Yeah
Some of the worst I think you should remount trash boy
Yeah, oh, no, you were in a musical that I wrote you were in a the you're in the rock and roll
Yeah, buzz records. I'm sorry. I wasn't that musical. Yeah
We should do another my gosh ovely may come what may rating me. Oh my god
431 viewers ovely. Hope you're having a good one. Hope all you ovely heads are having a good one
I'm joined by john madison very realistically in the same room with me
Yeah, it smells great in here. It's a great room. It's one of the top rooms in LA
Yeah, and there I've been in a lot
Now I have me too
I mean rooms. I can say I've been in a number of rooms. I've been in some rooms
Me too more than others. Yeah
I'm a big room guy
What nothing
This is a really great end
We're about to end strong and now we're ending well
I'm gonna stay on for like 30 more minutes, but I'll let you go because I do have to pay off some things here
And I have and also I can't just spit on an ovely raid
No, no, no
What was ovely playing today
What was ovely even playing anyway, john? I don't want to make you I you were literally trying to leave
So I'll let you go and then I'll move on. Thank you again, john. I'll talk to you real soon
Have a beautiful one for having me big time talk to you later
And that's a johnny madison
Doing his thing. Thank you again to ovely for the raid. Sincerely very kind as always
I just have to turn john off really quick
Okay, and there's a john is out of the sorry
I mean, I have to see john out of the studio this very realistic studio that he and I are of course both in
Anyway, hopefully you all had a great stream with ovely
Much love to you ovely
Hope you're having a good one
Hope the whole
Show boba's podcast is showing out
Um
And yeah, we're gonna do a little bit of a short stream and then we'll spread the love to somebody else. Thanks you
Thank you again for the raid. I think I'm supposed to do I'm supposed to sing
But maybe we'll do one other thing before that just to give us a buffer
And then we'll and then we'll throw it to uh dj music anything going on with you peter
Well, um, it was great to see john
On the screen and not uk's it's sort of a harsh come down to have you back with us
But I guess we'll accept it
Okay, um pretty unnecessarily mean immediately from my co-host here, but uh, thank you
Thank you, john
Well, you know, we've got to keep you honest. You look so odd in this in this angle
Anyway, thanks again ovely for the raid. I think we're gonna send it
over to trip on the streets
Um for to interview some people
If you've never been here before the way that works is case is gonna throw it to the streets
But all the opinions he finds on the streets happen to also be in the chat
So if you have an opinion feel free to throw it in the chat
Case will somehow find it on the streets. I don't entirely get how it works
Uh, if any of you has happened to still be around you're welcome to throw something in the chat
For case to find on the streets. Did I explain it accurately case?
You freaking nailed it
You really sit up when uh when the camera cuts your close up. You don't need to don't you don't need to over explain it
Jeff and I wasn't
Okay, let's send it over to trip on the streets
Oh, it's good to be on the streets. Oh my glasses are all fogged up because it gets so hot out here on the streets
Oh, yeah, there we go. Now I can see there it is. Uh, good to see you all on trip bradstein
Um
Avilee, what did you lose did avilee lose something avilee's losing streak is she on a losing streak?
Avilee, I'm so sorry to hear about your
Apparently perpetual losses. It happens to the best of us
Some people say case has been on a losing streak for 37 years
And the metal barely leaves him any months because he's only a little bit older than 37 that old fucking
Sorry, everybody on the stream is so mean to case. I'm gonna actually cut myself off and say, uh
And say he's fine
Anyway, if you have an opinion go ahead and throw it in the chat
What I like to do is find your opinion on the streets. Who says that I swear everybody
I'm on the streets. So, you know, I hear all of the things that people are saying and they say it
I swear to god, mr. Whoopie boo boo
um
Case is the only one we aren't mean to well the chat is nice to case actually that's true
He's got the chat
And I've also got you the chat
Let's find uh someone on the streets that has a hot hot opinion that they want me to um to to hear
And react to it's sort of my whole thing
Lecetic, thank you for the follow also. Thank you. Um solace phone for the follow appreciate the follows
Appreciate the love for both me the streets and case's channel speaking of all love
Of love for the streets. I got a hot street opinion approaching me right now. I call people opinions. That's just how I do it
Excuse me, uh, sir ma'am or thing. Um, what's your opinion?
um
Hi trip
Hi
Oh, you're too tall. You're too tall. Can you can you get down a little bit for me? Um, uh, sorry about that
Okay, well
You're a big you're a big red headed fella. Oh, yeah trip. Um, I'm uh mlg game
And I think it's crazy avalia is losing six in a row for the last three hours six. Let me repeat that
Six in a row mlg games
He can't win
I didn't know I mean
again losing streaks
Um are never easy to get through
I felt like I was on a permanent losing streak until I started living on the streets. Excuse me
Yeah, that's another thing that I do. I don't ever leave the streets. Oh, yeah, that's a trip thing. So, you know
Everybody's got their own way of winning. Uh, what's your way of winning winning? You're an mlg game. I'm an mlg game
That's your name. Yeah, my name is mlg game. Well amlg game
Well, what do you consider winning being comfortable with yourself, man
That's a low bar. I think you need to make it more achievement based. No, it's be comfortable with yourself, man
No, it's come on. That's winning or luck. Do you get a bunch of money? You got ladies? That's winning
That's a real reductive way to look at winning. You know, that's winning. Give me a break
I've all got the same idea of winning. Do I got the cars and the lifestyle?
For me, that's just living on the streets. But what you're saying is crazy. So
Living on the streets is not considered winning by anyone but you trip
Okay, well, that's a fair point
Anyway, avalia's losing was mostly what I came here to say
Okay
Also, you're shorter than I expect
All right. Well, good day, sir. Thank you so much for the thoughts and happy to provide them trip. See you later
Geez, all right. Tough crowd today. Well, sorry to hear that avalia's
Losing but that's just from one person whose name happens to be amlg game, which
I find slightly suspect
I've always said
This is another thing. I've always said case is losing and avalia's probably winning
Anyway, let's talk to this thing
Yo
Trev
Hello
Trev, this is a reeking hippie
Okay, look like something else. That's fine. Anyways, I want to let everyone know that indica and sativa are completely useless terms
And literally everything's a hybrid, man
Uh
Well, there must be some reason
There's a delineation between indica and sativa
No, man, that guy who constantly claims he went to egypt and got a land of uh
Got a land race sativa is full of crap. Like it's just not a thing dude sativa
Like man, it's like
It's the it's just everything is a hybrid
That's just that's just kind of the way it is man. Like everything in a modern like every modern strand is a hybrid
I honestly I can't smoke. You don't fucking you know puff. I can't smoke
But it stresses me out
And I just um, I can't do it. I can't smoke weed
I can do other stuff. Well
Weed sort of my vibe dude. It's like chill
It's chill. It's fun
um
But I do want to point out that like
Dude like fucking indica and sativa are basically you know, I get it. They're the same thing. They're the fucking same thing
I could talk about this for hours
I believe you I could talk about this you want to talk about this for no
I don't know enough about it. No, but I could like fucking fill you in man. Well, what what facts do you know about indica and sativa?
They're they're strands that you barely know anything
He got you. Okay. You are Pikachu. You've been Pikachu. No, man. I just say that because people say I look like him
So that's sort of a fun thing I do. Okay. Well, anyway, what was your name?
I didn't give you one and I never will trip even though I'm a huge fan
I just came to say that I got to go
I'm confused, but that's nothing new. Um, okay
Let's see what this person's deal is
Okay
Excuse me. Sorry everybody
Um, uh, excuse me. Do you mind talking to me for just a second?
Hello
Yeah, hello
Hey
You don't have to talk that close to the camera
I mean microphone
Mobile
Yeah, okay. What's your deal?
I'm a concerned activist and wanted to ask you this
Do you think snakes should be back on the streets to eradicate rat infestations?
You're an activist
I'm an activist for on behalf of
snakes
You're an activist for
snakes
I believe that all snakes have a right
to be
Kind of out and slithering
And that for too long we've denied snakes the right to slither on the streets
Is that kind of activism?
Somebody's gotta speak up for these little guys. They're just like they're little tubes, man
Snakes are little tubes. Are you disputing that snakes are little tubes?
Think about it, man. Snakes are just little tubes on the ground
I was gonna stand up for him. If not a big guy like me
And you don't have to talk that close to the mic. That's 100% my bad
I don't want to come off as a buffoon
I've gotten a very important cause to act to advocate for which happens to be snakes
Little tubes on the ground man. Nobody's got their back
And they do eliminate rats. They eliminate rats
And what else is gonna do that? Nobody else even wants to but snakes love that shit
But won't snakes get in your in your shoes and stuff and then they bite you?
I don't know. I'm thinking of things I've heard about Australia
And that's a common misconception most snakes are scared of are scared of hell as shoes
They would fucking if they see a shoe they scream
Snakes can scream. You've never heard a snake scream. Well, then you've never seen a snake in a shoe
Woo! Okay, you're sting. I'm not sting. I just got excited thinking about how much I love snakes
Woo! Everyone is who I think they are. I feel like they're tricking me. I'm not this
This is no trick trip. I'm just here for snakes
Okay. Well, thank you for getting the message out. I guess I don't know if anything you said was true
But I'll keep it in mind the next time there's a snake in a shoe
Or something or there's a rat. No the snakes need to be unleashed to eat the rats is where I'm coming from
But anyway, I'm a huge fan trip. I'm gonna take my mic with you, but you keep yours
Okay. See you later, buddy
Can you hear me? Can you hear me?
I could hear him
All right, uh, we got a couple. Oh, no, we've got a lot. I think our opinion docket is full for the day
But we will run through these before we get out of here
Um case I think case has to go on a date soon because it is valentine's day
um
but
Kendall who happens to be on the streets any valentine's day thoughts?
Any valentine's day messages for the people
Huh, I'm sure that comment has
Well, I mean that's just a good point unrelated to any
Unrelated to any particular person. She's just making a good point
So
Case gets me flowers all the time
See exactly
That was just a PSA that wasn't meant towards somebody
Yeah, no particular target in mind
Yeah, yeah, see exactly. That's just a common street thing to say out here on the streets
You look great happy valentine's day
And and exactly exactly that did not aimed at case at all
I think uh, here's let's just have a person walk up to me in case I get case in trouble. Excuse me person
Do you have any thoughts?
So I'm thinking Kendall's ready to go out. Um, that's fine. I think she's going too very soon. Okay
Well, what's your name? I'll ship. I'm dingo bling. Um, and how do you feel about anime characters with huge appendages?
Do you think it's an appropriate for a massive?
Massive
Sorry, do you think it's inappropriate or
a massive
massive
Massive
Turn on is my question
I've got a street elects out here in case anybody
Do I think huge appendages are massive? Well, what do you mean?
Human parts are you talking tentacles?
Well, that's a little confusing trip because tentacles is a pokemon
So
I asking about
Wallace or the pokemon tentacles. I'm talking about tentacles and trying to be cute. I was asking about tentacles
I forgot tentacles a pokemon
Well, I didn't specify it could be a large phallus could be a large tentacle
But just a big object that is intended to go inside people turn on or turn off the people want to know
Depends on the context
You know, not every big hole is attractive. So not every big pole is attractive. What?
Well, I'm just saying some context a big hole is attractive in other contexts. It might not be. What if it's a big sewer hole?
Who is talking about big holes? Well, I'm just trying to give an example. You gave a bad one
Okay, um, I just saying it's context based
Whether the big thing is attractive or not like a big knife. That's not attractive
I'm talking about sexual stuff going into holes
Things designed to go and stuff
I'll turn on a turn off. Okay. Well, I'd say again
What's the vibe?
It's big. No the whole vibe
The vibe is it's a big appendage. That's not enough for me then. I need more of a vibe than just big
Okay, respect, I guess. For me, it's an easy like thumbs up if you know what I mean. Whatever appendage
Tentacool, Tentacool, always the above, make it big, make it slide around a big thumbs up from your boy Dingo
I think your sunglasses are a little too high
And that's why you'll never understand style, my man
Peace out, Dingo, blingo, blingo, big fan
Blingo, blingo, big fan
Big fan. Everybody's so mean to me, but they claim to be a big fan. All right, let's keep it going
There's a lot of opinions to get through. I'm gonna have to speed it up a little bit. So sir
Do you mind just giving me your opinion really quick?
um
You seem like a nice guy
Well, that's where you're wrong young man
Not nice at all
Names mickey michael michelson. I'm part chicken and I'm warring with kfc distributions model
It's extremely prejudice towards my fellow chicken. You're a part chicken. I've at least 20%
At least
Um, you look fully human, but you you don't see what's under this coat, my man
mostly chicken
So maybe back off would be my message
To everybody stop eating them chickens
We out here you you're a person
And you think what if I was 20% chicken I wouldn't be
I mean, I've met a lot of weird things out here. I'm just saying you look a hundred percent human to me
And I got a call a spade a spade. I'm not a spade man. I'm a chicken
Partially, okay. Well, I mean, you know, I actually don't eat chicken. I respect
respect
I'm mostly forage for park food. I'm a man of the streets
Wait, don't you have a house? Yeah, I do
Don't do my work. Sorry. I was getting it wrong
All right. Well, I'm not gonna even dig into that. I just came to advocate for chickens and I am a big fan trip
But um, go home dude
I am home the park is
Where I've decided my home is
All right, so let's see if there's any other opinions out here. Um
Um
Looks like we might be full on the opinion docket for the day
And that might be okay because case has to go valentine's way if I missed any opinion
Um, just let me know and I'll cut off this intro to go back to the opinion hole
Sort of a rhyme if you think about it. Anyway, I'm trip bradstein
It's an honor to be out here on these streets
And it's an honor to be with each and every one of you for you to feed me your opinions like a tasty nugget
Of thoughts that I then digest poorly through my addled
Slowly decaying mind. I'm trip bradstein. I never leave the streets. I never will and I'll be back with all of you very soon
Bye. Bye everybody
Whoo
All right, thanks for the follow
young sea devil
A young devil on the sea
You know, I don't think that man was a chicken at all. I honestly don't think he was a chicken at all either
Skimer I think you're on to something
Sometimes I wonder if none of them are chickens despite so many claiming to be
But you know who's not chicken
to transition dj music. He's on the roof and
I don't if anybody has a story you want dj music to talk about let him know
I don't I haven't gone through the discord very carefully today because I was trying to set up john's thing
But uh, so we'll just see we'll see what kind of the story he's musicing on
Uh gold replicant super newsing. Thank you so much. Uh for the for the subs sincerely
The community sub
Valentine's in love. Yeah, we should do a valentine's day story
Let's find it. I'll find a valent. Well, dj music will find a valentine's day story. So let's not waste any time
Let's send it over to him. It's time for dj music. Oh, yeah
Let's do this. Hello everybody. It's your boy
dj music
Good to see you all hope you're having a great day
I'm out on the roof, you know
All right, let's see. I need my lasers. First of all
I'll never help my lasers ready to go
But that that's not gonna stop me from getting these lasers out
Good to get your lasers out
Rocking the mic i'm about to
It's valentine's day the people love it
And I love it too because i'm dj music and I happen to be
Mostly about love. That's kind of what we do here on the roof
We sing about love you'd be surprised a lot of people think a lot of the news is dark
Well, I've got a crazy idea
What if the news was about love?
And that's kind of what I prove each and every time
With my flawless rhymes. Yeah, baby
Let's do this
Let me find a valentine's day story for y'all
valentine's news
Kevin Costner shares a photo of his new love trumps valentine's day love letter to malania, okay
I don't know if anybody wants to know about this, but we're gonna know anyway
It's a valentine's love letter from trump to malania. Let's find out about it now
I think I need a love song. Give me something a little more sensual. All right
Let's see what's going on
Oh
Oh, yeah
Turn up the sex
Save your breath
valentine's baby
Trump's putting out his best
We're rocking a red tie
But love is his best
There's love
To the test let's go. It's valentine's day
Okay, it's a valentine's day
So let's find out what love
Trump has to say
You know how after every single indictment arrest and the witch hunt i'm lollia
You never left my side
Swelling with pride
You've always supported me through
Everything
Your mega me your mega me your mega me
Your mega me write you a letter on a campaign email
That wouldn't be the man I was to take without your guidance. You got me malaya your kindness malania
And of course
You're both malania. Yeah, you've always been the world to me and guess who I mean. I mean malania
From your husband
We can't hear it in the back. I'm sure my neighbors can hear it just
Know how loud I am actually that could be extremely loud
I'm
That's fine
because right now
We haven't talked to him in a while
but
I guess let's bring out trump to to rap about
malania
You know sometimes we do that here
We bring out a guest
So
I mean why would we deny let's find a little love. Let's find a fucking valentine's day trappy
A valentine's day trap beat
So hum Trump
Trump can sing my sheet between the sheets
Humps got a valentine's beat. I keep calling him hump
It's not a Freudian slip a valentine's day. His name is hump. All right, please welcome
Uh fresh off
Probably some terrible fucking campaign thing. It's president donald j hump. What the hell god damn
It's a hard cut of the music
What kind of what kind of clown show are you running over here? Give me my smoke. No smoke. Give me the smoke
Trump's bringing the smoke
I had my interior sunglasses on
Yeah, okay, let's go
Trump coming in
The trumps are right in the show
The trumps gonna flow
Do not pass go
That just flow
And trump with a little bit of that slow
Of bringing it to america
Tomorrow a lago flow
Perfect fucking hair
The show with you the care
I'll bring it more wet stuff than my boy a john mayor
Trump get the pinkies up
Sorry a fucking haters
Your boy's had enough
I don't even fucking care if you've got a girl, you know that i'm about to hold her
Not letting her into this country unless she comes south of the border. What's up?
It's your boy
Taking all these rhymes out of storage
That sweet motherfucker. That's why they call me orange, man
Do it what I can for this country. Please won't somebody touch me
I go to a hotel bring that shit a whole new smell
What i'm talking about is something fucking yellow spilling on your fellow deep in russia what I gotta tell
I'll tell all nine
That's a rumor dog
I know jay
smoking all day
Roll into your fucking campaign with a big ass fucking jay
Uh, are you okay? So I took out my sunglasses
Are you having a senior moment?
Are you having a seat all the presidents having a senior? What's going on? Are you okay?
That's what I call a long pause
Don't break laws
I just fucking slide in and give the ladies that sound
You got a problem
You got a campaign
Well, sorry, bitch. I'm about to spoil it. I'm that motherfucker taking chips on a golden toilet
What's up
banned off your fucking
Uh
I'm banned in certain states. Do you forget what state abandoned banned in certain states
But I'm still so damn great
Trump never made a fucking mistake
You've never made a mistake never I've had never made even me one
Also, your rap voice is widely different. It's my rap voice
Okay, anyway
I'm fucking getting busy and I gotta fucking leave
Just trying to give me the squeeze. I say I ain't even got the need
Trump
Fucking post it off leave
Okay, the smoke's a little much now. Can we get the smoke off the smoke is a little much now
It was fun, but the the whole time the whole time
Okay, anyway, Trump's I'm fucking busy. I gotta go
My god, did anyone else still look like a little bit of a
Special kind of mustache look like I had a real special mustache to me
People are saying that's the best rap of all time
I mean, who am I to deny the people from saying that I'm sure they do
Okay, that's it. That's a whole motherfucking stream
Shout us to the entire fucking chat team. We fucking did it. We did it and you know come on me
I want to give a quick shot
Shout out to the overlay
Okay, we're the best, but you know that we're done also want to give us enough for the stream right now
So let's buy someone to rate if you can show me how
Let's see. I guess I could rate that boy Jim Tasty who I once rated completely randomly
Or maybe I could rate someone else. Let's see. Oh, yes
He's the boss
Let's give a fat fucking rain to our boy dank sauce no loss
of calls
We racing through that stream like a racing horse all right. That's it. So we fucking go on
Wishing you a very happy Valentine. Oh, no, there's candle that she's about to fucking send
A happy Valentine's Day to each and every handle
Any thoughts candle before we get out of here for the day
Grab a tip today
Grab a tip today with consent
You know what she meant grab each and every tip with maximum consent
Well, that's it y'all. Thank you all so much for sticking around
It's time for case to go on a little date with a girl that's way out of his league this one
All right, let's uh send it off to dank sauce. It's a case raid. Uh, that's the message and until then we'll just shout out names
Accounting to 10. I'm sorry. I'm actually meant to say wolf dog for 10 bonus salad coming
On and you know that you're water
Just like a fucking boy
Propaganda and you know entity when it comes to me
replicants of each of you
No doubt
You know give a special valid a special Valentine's Day
Thanks to the people who didn't jump over but who are still here? Hey, if you're still here
That means that you're
One of the realest of all
A secret fucking message from case and that's
That his kink is talking to chat and right now his kink is fucking popping off. Thanks to each and every one of you
Oh, he's going crazy. I can feel him down in the main studio
He's getting all hot and bothered because because people are talking to chat his number one kink
This whole time it's been a weird fetish for him. And that's the case blackwell secret
All right, y'all
That'd be Valentine's Day. We're gonna end the stream. Oh my god
She's giving out kisses to everybody