I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Brandon, it's time to game with your little friend.
Temmie and shit, like, like, yeah.
Man, my butt hurts from all this dominoes pizza dot dot dot.
You have any Pepto Pepito?
Six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's Pepito!
Oh, hello everyone. It's the middle of the week.
It's the last Wednesday of April. Whoa, what a achievement.
And this hair is getting long, guys.
A debate has been demanded. Oh my god.
Is Munch open to letting Kendall decide who wins the debate?
Or does Crumb hate women? This is a unique one.
Can Munch let Kendall decide a winner? Or does Crumb hate women?
Two sides of the same argument there, obviously. We'll see what they make of it.
Let's have a town hall for little Tommy and Gianna Wetmichael.
Who is it? That's a person on this stream. Uh oh.
Did I just lose?
Did I just lose a headphone deep in my ear?
These are the things we have to sort out at the top of every stream, guys.
What happened to my ear thing?
Is it deep in my ear now?
Did Revoke Ro-Rovuade? I did blame him personally for that.
Yeah, we are spelunking.
Uh, cooking stream? Oh, we gotta do the cooking stream.
I have to set that up, though.
I'm very tempted to get a decent wireless camera
that I can just easily run from this computer, but really,
it's way simpler just to run it off my laptop, so I should probably do that.
For these little streams around the house.
I mean, I've attempted to dig it out live on camera.
I actually have one of those little ear cleaners with a camera on it.
TikTok got my ass.
And I could hook that up to the stream.
And then you could see the disgusting interior of my ear.
Does that sound appealing?
That's a new category of stream, maybe.
Honestly, probably not.
It's probably not new, as I say it out loud.
We have comments, probably, from multiple days now.
Which bin correspondent got high on 420?
Brandon is obvious. Cheers.
Um...
I don't know. Brandon might be like me,
and his throat can't handle the weed due to all of his various illnesses.
He's sort of Mr. Burns-ing it, so...
Pochette? Probably Trent.
My guess would be Trent.
When will Bin at a Spin City segment?
I think that is the AI Rooney segment.
AI Rooney, by the way, gave me...
He was being a real jerk.
Like, let's double check that this thing still works,
because I tried to. I've been trying to make him...
not talk about, you know, certain things I don't want him to.
If you're wondering why there was various testing of AI Rooney going on,
he seems to be back in order, but for a while, he was really not.
Are all these in-car toilets for when our only job is Uber driver?
Are all these in-car toilets?
If you watched the stream a couple days ago, lots of stories recently about in-car toilets.
And I think the answer is yes.
That is for our, um...
Remote Worker Service Industry future.
Our Amazon slash Uber driver, future and present.
Adline security worked just as it should, keeping someone an entire floor and...
buddy checkpoints away.
What could they be talking about?
What is Banzai Bullfrog even talking about there?
Who's to say?
Is Jeb's father in the wood used for cases?
Walls?
Is Jeb's father in the wood?
So is Jeb's father's wood used for my walls?
Is that why no one can find him?
He's not in these walls.
I don't know what Jeb did.
We're no longer having voting rights, right?
Thank you, Skotis.
Well, at least you appreciate it.
That's kind of nice.
I'm gonna drop my noise gate, too.
One second.
Oh my...
What the fuck?
Just...
Okay, wait.
I just broke something.
Oh, I know what happened.
One second, everybody.
I...
I have two programs open right now and I can only have one.
Close.
I'll never tell.
Wait, wait, wait.
Just a second.
I gotta adjust some mic settings that have been bothering me.
I think I'm a little low.
We're bumping this bad boy up to 53 decibels of gain.
We're gonna get back into that real scratchy territory.
Okay.
Is that too loud?
Now you can hear my laundry.
Okay, maybe you're on there.
Yes, save what I just did.
Okay.
This is a text stream, guys.
It's always been a text stream.
Uh, yellow nipple milk is just banana milk.
Is banana milk yellow?
Is it naturally yellow?
Yeah, it is.
Fine, correct.
Uh, have we ever...
Have we really never named Jeb's father?
No, he's dead and he's in the wood.
Is banana milk urine?
Depends what pervert you're buying your milk from.
Doesn't breast milk taste like peaches?
Does breast...
Google will tell me, does breast milk taste like peaches?
Let's just ask Google's AI result here.
Breast milk generally tastes sweet and creamy,
often compared to almond milk, vanilla, or dairy milk,
rather than specifically like peaches.
That is according to Google AI.
It could be hallucinating and it does taste just like peaches.
I don't claim to know.
TPUSA is great band. They love peaches.
Turning Points USA?
Is Jeb's dad's name Woody or does it also start with a J?
I don't... I don't know.
I didn't hire his dad, okay?
I hired Jeb Nogget to show us how to do things
and mostly he argues with his dead dad,
which wasn't in the contract.
The peaches come from a can song.
Isn't that an American president song?
Millions of peaches peaches.
Isn't that an old...
Am I wrong on the band there?
Oh, the presidents of the United States of America, that's right.
Oh, that's TPUSA.
See, my brain eventually catches up with you, chat.
Very slowly, that TPUSA.
Honestly, let's be real now.
It's Turning Points USA.
And they probably have a band.
Someone started a band called Turning Points USA
and just see what happens.
TPUSA did really change.
Okay, let's... speaking of the turning points
of this great United States of ours,
let's get into some news.
What a seamless transition for me.
Propaganda called it.
It couldn't wait to see me.
That's why they threw up the salutes in chat.
When we were at war, you were legally required
to respect Rick.
That's the legal requirement.
Don't just say what I said back to me, you son of a bitch.
That's right.
I'm saluting with the wrong hand.
It's because my other hand was too busy.
Um...
What, masturbating to Pete Egg-7?
No, although I'd be honored to.
Though I would be honored to.
I...
So what if... I'm a uni-salutor, okay?
I'm ambus salutris.
And that's not a sex thing.
Jerking with the boys?
It's called hegging when he does it.
If...
you're in the room just watching, it's peating.
These are the rules
when you are the secretary of war.
Ambus salutris is the next bin correspondent.
Can I meet her first?
Who said it's a... her?
A hego. Oh, a hego.
A hego, my dick, yo.
We're having fun today.
Correct?
I don't know. What's he doing?
What's Pete Egg-7 doing?
Is it even news?
Yeah, yeah, there's senators and stuff involved.
It's news. It counts.
This counts as news, guys.
Uh...
Let's see.
Trump has rejected Iran's coming courtesy of the AP.
Trump has rejected Iran's latest proposal
as the Democrats confront Egg-7
over the... this is the picture?
Really?
The one picture you can find of him drinking?
I suspect we could find more.
The picture didn't happen.
He's drinking in that picture.
Well, anyway, he's at the Senate hearing.
Congress, Congress, Senate, whatever.
I think it's important that we check in with how our
intrepid secretary of greatness and war is doing.
You know how much it will cost Americans
in terms of their increased cost in gas
and food over the next year because of the Iran war?
I would simply ask you what the cost is of an Iranian nuclear bomb.
I'm going to give you that opportunity.
I would simply ask you what the...
You're playing gotcha questions about domestic things.
You're asking... you're saying it's a gotcha question
to ask what it's going to be in terms of the increased cost of gas?
Why won't you answer what it costs to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear bomb?
I'll give you that, sir.
What would it cost? What would you pay to ensure Iran doesn't get a nuclear bomb?
What would you pay?
I reclaim my time. Do you not know?
You had no one do the analysis of what the increased cost of gas and food
and the American people are going to be?
What is the cost of Iran holding that straight-at issue with nuclear weapons?
It's $631 billion.
General George, let's talk about a guy who's a patriot.
Somebody who every single person here in this place...
Love General George.
...down there in that audience...
...which everyone you're talking about...
...has huge admiration for. Why did he get fired?
Well, as with any moves we make with General Officers,
first of all, I thank them for their service.
And ultimately...
My impression is you thanked him by a text or a phone call.
You didn't even do it to his face.
Out of respect for these officers,
we never talk about the nature of their removal,
but every one of them, including myself, knows that they serve at the pleasure of the president.
Why did you fire him?
Ultimately, out of respect to these officers, we don't reveal it.
However, I will note, it's very difficult to change the culture of a department
that has been destroyed by the wrong perspectives...
So you said General George destroyed a culture?
There are many...
We've gotten rid of many General Officers.
He picked two really good guys to flank him this time.
This is a big win for the Secretary of War here.
You don't want them to be more handsome than you.
You want two different types of white guy flanking you in general at one of these things.
So he got kind of a beard thumb here,
and then they're sort of inverted head shapes.
So this guy's kind of widening out down here,
and then this guy's sort of widening out up here.
You want two different types of triangle heads.
Mostly square, but subtle gradations in the square.
That guy doesn't look like Scrum.
He looks very stately in his own way, but he does look a little sleepy, which again helps.
You want the guy behind you to look a little sleepy,
because that's relatable to the President,
and ultimately that's the target audience for Hexeth here, and he's winning at it.
Neither looks stoked to be there.
That's important. You don't want to look happy to be...
You got to look like you're so bored by their stupid questions
that you could fall asleep at any moment.
And also like maybe, you know, you're thinking about
that thing that your wife said to you that cut you to the core.
What do you even enjoy? Do you really even have any hobbies?
Is she right?
You just wake up and move through life with essentially no emotion at this point?
Those are questions you ask yourself when you're sitting behind Pete and Hexeth,
and the rest of them, they're not doing their job well.
But those two are killing it.
And the laundry is done, case.
Sick. Now it won't be going as much, only a little bit.
The guy's definitely thinking about what to look for in a good cucture.
Well, is that unreasonable?
If you need a good cucture, no.
What do you need in a good cucture?
Straps. You'd always be too comfortable.
You know a lot about this.
I mean, I'm just assuming.
I'm not afraid to answer tough questions, and neither is Pete.
That's why he was there all day.
They could have asked him out of a cucture. He would have aced it 100%.
What would Pete Hexeth say if I asked him why we've spent $10 million on a cucture?
Because you don't want the presidential ass or the ass of any administration officials
to be seated in a cucture that is too expensive.
I mean, too comfortable.
But it also can't be too uncomfortable.
And frankly, it's a matter of safety.
Because if you're in a cucture that isn't appropriate to be in cuctin,
then your feelings could be hurt.
Because ultimately, as the cuct, you need to be slightly respected as well.
Just in a...
And it's sometimes confusing. The line is very...
You have to really... It's a tightrope is what I'm saying.
And the cucture is an essential element of that.
Because it makes the cuct feel respected, but not too respected.
And that type of craftsmanship costs money.
That's what Pete would have said.
That's how Pete would have responded to that if I had coached him.
Anyway, the most important aspect of a cucture is the viewing angle, actually.
Which I agree with.
I didn't know you were so into cuct stuff. I am not.
I'm not. But I'm not afraid to answer the tough question, just like Pete Hexeth,
who's been getting tough all day. Let's see what else he had to say.
Here's a little clip of our boy doing his thing.
Down in Washington.
So they haven't broken yet.
Okay, we haven't gotten there yet for all of the...
Are they talking about the cucture?
My guess is no, but it does sort of line up with what we were just talking about, being broken.
Your words not mine.
Well, their nuclear facilities have been obliterated.
Underground, they're buried and watching the 24-7.
So we know where any nuclear material could be.
We're climbing my time for a second here.
Times are reclaimed.
We had to start this war, you just said, 60 days ago,
because the nuclear weapon was an imminent threat.
Now you're saying that it was completely obliterated?
They had not given up their nuclear ambitions,
and they had a conventional shield of thousands of...
Operation Midnight Hammer accomplished nothing of substance.
It left us at exactly the same place we were before.
Their facilities bombed and obliterated.
Their ambitions continued, and they're building a conventional shield.
Let me try again.
It's the North Korea strategy.
You know this very well.
The North Korea strategy was used conventional missiles to prevent any...
Guys, if you think of wars that worked out really well,
we're still not dealing with the knock-on consequences from them decades later.
Think of the North...
Oh wait, maybe we're talking about the North Korea strategy,
how we deal with North Korea.
Okay, I thought he was talking about the Korean War for a second,
which maybe he is.
I'll give him the benefit of the doubt though.
I guess this is our strategy, the North Korea.
Okay, we got one of the best strategies, the North Korea.
He buddy from challenging them so they can slow walk their way to a weapon.
President Trump saw Iran at its weakest moment,
took an action to ensure in a way that only the United States of America could do
with our Israeli partners, to ensure their...
Inventional shield was brought to the field which we've done.
Man, these Senate hearing committees are out there.
These Senate hearing committees are always such a good use of everyone's time.
Has anyone ever been held consequentially responsible for anything they've said at one of these things?
They must have at some point, right?
I just feel like you've had a rotating cast of total liars and frauds coming in there
and saying demonstrably untrue things and...
I guess Pampani got fired but not by the Senate, so...
Oliver North?
Okay, good, Oliver North.
We need to get back to the Oliver North era of politics.
Supposedly Congress has the ability to hold people in contempt.
They have the ability to make us feel more contempt for people, maybe.
And that works.
I can... Having watched a number of these things over the last couple of years of doing this stream now,
that works. I do feel much more contempt than I used to.
They found a way to make me feel even more...
Gordon Liddy?
Yeah, no, I mean, I know that historically there must have been, right?
It just feels like recently, they're purely... They're purely spectacle.
But, hey, you know, maybe on the back end someday, someday we'll drag Pam Bondi out and be like,
hey, remember when you just lied to everybody for like five or six of these in a row?
And just openly lying the whole time?
Oh, what did she say though was a lie?
You know, all of it.
That's ridiculous.
I know.
You didn't even listen.
That's also true.
Because I could feel the lying.
On a lighter note, Scotis just obliterated the Equal Rights Amendment.
What?
I stay away from the news for one day and Equal Rights get obliterated?
Yeah, yeah.
Seven hours ago, Scotis blog, oh boy, my least favorite blog,
in a major voting rights act case, Supreme Court strikes down redistricting map challenged as racially discriminatory.
Is this what you're referring to?
The Supreme Court on Wednesday in the case of Louisiana v. Kelly, Kelly's, Kelly's,
struck down a Louisiana congressional map that a group of voters who describe themselves as non-African-American
had challenged as the product of unconstitutional racial gerrymandering.
Well, voting is colorblind.
Historically, that has really not been true, Rick.
Well, but now we don't live in history.
We live in the beautiful contemporary moment where we can't be, we can't be not
districting around, it'd be racist to not district around race.
Let's get to the chat news.
Okay.
Great.
On a lighter note, guys, we got plenty of chat news in here today.
Ooh, also, live in Sleazy sharing his opinion on what makes good cuck chairs.
Here we go.
This is the chair?
This looks like a fucked up gamer chair.
This looks like a gamer chair for that thing that the baron keeps as a pet in Dune.
So I don't know.
I don't know how I feel about that one.
Is that a good cuck chair?
What?
I would say even the function of the spider legs.
To keep you in there.
To keep you in there a little bit.
Come on.
You don't get it?
Look at this cuck chair.
Where's the chair?
This is the chair?
Isn't that just so you can dangle your feet into the pool?
Or is that so you can...
Look at this faucet.
This hole, is this even real?
Is this a real place?
Is that your office case?
You've seen my office.
Everyone's seen my office.
There's no cuck chairs as far as I can tell.
Any chair can be a cuck chair.
Then why are you just defending expensive cuck chairs?
Because a good cuck chair is expensive.
God, no one has an ear for nuance anymore.
It's so depressing.
Okay.
That's a blumpkin chair.
Now that would be...
That would just be a toilet, right?
You're getting caught.
You're getting confused.
Any chair could be a blumpkin chair,
but a good blumpkin chair might be a toilet.
Hmm, I don't...
I can't keep up with this modern world of ours anymore.
Let's just check in with UPI where possibly
there's a Ben Hooper segment.
What?
See, Rick, we can at least agree on Ben Hooper.
That is one thing that we can all agree on being excellent.
But before that, a Winnipeg woman has been rescued from a hole.
That's Christine Kielbach in the middle,
surrounded by firefighters,
stuck in a hole her head above ground.
It's not how she expected her Saturday night to end
after seeing a movie.
Is this a cuck hole?
The ground had just given away very fast.
I have no recollection of the fall.
That picture was incredible.
It just happened very quickly.
Kielbach says she didn't see anything on the boulevard
that looked like a problem.
Her friend captured video of firefighters
pulling her to safety.
She had to get out on her own.
Couldn't get a toehold.
Every time I tried to stick my foot into the dirt around me,
it was just crumbling away.
And I sort of realized after a few minutes
that the left side, the soil was less stable
than it was on the right side.
Kielbach is grateful to her friends, neighbors,
and firefighters.
She says the rescue crews got there in about 10 minutes,
reassured her and walked her through their plan
to get her out.
They also removed it.
Look at this guy.
This guy's got a good look.
This is the Gen Z look.
Got the kind of the mold and the stash.
Just saying.
If you got to get rescued, get rescued by this guy.
It's a metal from behind her.
It was so lucky because there was also
an old pipe in front of me
about the level of my abdomen.
So I could have hit that on the way down.
So if you think about it from the metal behind
and the pipe in front, I was very, very lucky
that I didn't get hurt.
Did you fall between?
Kielbach estimates the whole ordeal
lasted about 40 minutes.
I can now check that off my list of life experiences.
I should never fall into a sinkhole again.
I'm just interested intellectually,
like what they think happened and how it's repaired.
Just yeah, I'm glad it was me and not a child
or an animal because I was still above the ground
when I fell in.
Maybe somebody else wouldn't have been.
The city says at this point they don't believe
it's a true sinkhole and appears to be related
to a missing or displaced manhole
or catch basin cover.
The hole is covered now.
A spokesperson says crews found similar conditions
across the street and are determining
holes everywhere to repair both areas.
Shilaboo Streis again.
Shilaboo Streis again. Winnipeg.
You know, I say the same thing whenever I trip
or fall into my toilet.
Fall into your toilet.
Look, all I'm saying is whenever
something like that happens to me,
I'm like, that could have been a kid.
I'm not saying I'm a hero because I fell down,
but whenever I hit a crack in the sidewalk
and I fall directly onto my chin
and I stand up and my face is a crimson mask
of nose and chin blood,
I'm like, that could have been a kid.
So actually it's good that I scouted out that hole.
That is, it's a real public service.
Well, I am a public servant at the end of the day
and I have to make the tough calls on slipping.
I'm just saying I'm brave.
Yeah, I get it.
I'm saying I'm very brave.
I think that woman did a good job falling in the hole.
I don't appreciate you trying to steal her valour.
I've fallen in holes too is all I'm saying.
And every time I've done it,
you know what, I don't even care because Ben Hooper's on.
I'm Ben Hooper and this is...
Yeah you are.
...the All News Minute for Monday, April 27th, 2026.
A bill introduced in the Ohio House
would designate the Loveland Frogman
as the state's official...
Oh wait, we saw this one.
We saw the Frogman one.
Is this all about the Frogman?
Oh well, we haven't seen Ben Hooper talk about the Frogman.
A bill sponsored by representatives Tristan Raider
and Gene Schmidt calls for the local legend
to be named Ohio's official state cryptid.
House Bill 821 describes the Loveland Frogman
as a frog-like bipedal creature standing approximately four feet tall.
The legend dates...
Guys, new art just dropped.
This is all we need from Ben Hooper today.
I wish I could get a clean screencap of this, but um...
That's a truly beautiful picture.
Can I save YouTube video screen grabs by right-clicking?
I can't.
Wait, if I go to YouTube itself,
maybe it won't have this pause overlay.
Only 58 views on this UPI Ben Hooper video?
It dates back.
People really have no eye for quality on the internet anymore.
Anyway, I need to screen grab this
so I can have it forever.
Just one second, everyone.
I got a snipping tool this bad boy.
I always forget the hotkey for it, but...
Who needs a hotkey when you got something this hot, everybody?
Wow.
New stream mascot.
I am lovel- I am loving this Loveland Frog!
Okay, well look, we did already hear all about the Loveland Frog,
but I'm glad that Ben Hooper is also on top of that story.
Frankly, obviously, it's the superior way to get your coverage of the Loveland Frog
and I'm glad that he scooped me.
He scooped me after I scooped someone else on it.
Move over, Bussy.
Yeah, I gotta dig up the old Bussy bomb, so it's somewhere on this computer.
Okay, moving on.
YouTuber breaks Rubik's Cube record while skydiving.
No video on this one.
Okay, there is a video on this one.
I'm the one to risk my life for Rubik's Cube.
Because to break the world record, I need to solve it in under 28 seconds.
Okay.
And then there's about 19 minutes of lead up to it, but I'm guessing at some point...
Yes, here we go.
Let's see the main event.
Alright, he's been practicing.
What is the timer start?
Oh, gotta get your...
On my second try, everything just clicked.
I was in a flow.
In 14 seconds, I was one algorithm away from solving it in under 20 seconds.
I was already celebrating it in my head, picturing myself in the Guinness book.
And then I messed up the algorithm and suddenly I was basically starting over.
No!
And now you're in the Cuck Sky.
Damn.
Their internal clocks were strong.
The two guys holding onto them were like, yeah, you didn't get it.
Does he try again? He tries again!
Don't worry, everyone. He tries one more time.
He kind of fucked up at the end there, but I guess it counts.
And splat.
But it was all worth it.
I think they landed.
We'll never know. I'm not going to show you to keep that mystery alive.
The mystery of them splatting?
The mystery of splat.
Red Bull?
Red Bull only gives you wings if you're a sexy athlete.
A sexy guy riding a bike.
Otherwise they are not sponsoring.
You need to be doing wing diving in China.
They don't give a shit about this Rubik's Cube nonsense.
It would have been very...
I mean that other guy came up so confidently.
The floating man with the Rubik's Cube.
That's the real hero.
Okay. Good for them.
And I'm going to break the world record for most weight lifted while in free fall.
I'm going to do curls.
I'm going to do a set of curls while I skydive.
I'll be the guy who did the most curls while skydiving.
At a certain point, doesn't it kind of feel like you're just inventing criteria so that you can say you're the best?
No, it's impressive.
Just like it's impressive that microphone 900 has been re-subscribed for 39 months.
That is 41 months.
Oh, you didn't even get it right, Rick.
41 months?
41 months. I took off two for bad behavior.
What bad behavior?
Look, you said stuff I don't agree with.
That's... you can't do that.
I'm the government.
You're not. You're... I don't even know if you work for the CIA.
I'm the government and I took off two months.
But I'll give it back just this once for good behavior.
Because you've been better the last two months.
Alright, Rick.
Just imagine if...
What?
If a child read the wrong word.
I... imagine a kid misreading a number.
I just misread a number so a kid doesn't have to.
Okay, whatever, Rick.
Look, I'm just saying, not calling myself a hero.
I'm confused as to what point you're even making.
I'm not calling myself a hero.
I'm just saying I didn't make a mistake. I saved a child.
By reading the wrong number?
I don't... look, let's move on to the news.
There's a lot of news to get to, okay?
Um... what the fuck?
What?
Why am I getting Microsoft Edge instructions?
Why am I getting edged here by techcrunch.com?
Oh my god, I hate the...
What has become of the internet's guys?
You can't even read website anymore.
It's very sad what happened to website on internet.
BCI, Brain Computer Technology,
has this to say,
NURABLE LOOKS TO LICENSE ITS MIND READING TECH
FOR CONSUMER WEARABLES.
Superpowers are real.
I need edging instructions, chat.
You don't need to give those to me.
I can do it all on my own.
Is this...
Is this the S-word?
Shit.
No!
Well, let's find out.
NURABLE SPECIALIZES IN NON-INVASIVE BCI
Which distinguishes itself from firms like NURALINK,
the Elon Musk-funded startup known for inserting computer chips into the brain.
Its product doesn't require users to undergo brain surgery.
Are you really even committed if you're not willing to have a little bit of brain surgery?
Seems like a...
Seems like this is the only path outside of huge benefits
that people will ever interact with.
NURALINK-type devices is if they don't have to
get a hugely expensive surgery and get their skull cut open,
and then they're brain-fished around in,
they're barely fishing around.
NURABLE SPECIALIZES IN NON-INVASIVE BCI
Listen up, Jack.
Card King, Unjust Mama Jam 300 Shiny Tasty Coins.
And I've been dying to say this, Skynesfitch.
Wait, if he says it doesn't count,
that would make sense.
NURABLE SPECIALIZES IN NON-INVASIVE BCI
Look at how much shit was going on on the screen.
That's what I fucking...
Ask for all the time.
That level of egg-skellence.
You unlocked the magic segment by forcing the president
to speak the words of power.
Okay, the words of Skynesfitch.
And you did great.
And we did do great.
And that's Chetai, who is here to provide us
the skynetific power of Yayi.
Is it Yayi? Because you're so happy to see me, Yayi?
Now you're getting it.
Moisturized.
I don't even know what kind of Skynesfitch is in the news today,
but I'll double-check if there is any.
Something about B, something about speed limits.
Ooh, Skynes is experimenting with quantum effects.
And there was also the brain scourgery.
Let me look up...
NURABLE...
I'm gonna look up NURABLE really quick.
You can read Skynes, but what if you can watch video of Skynes?
NURABLE BRAIN LINK.
Come on, they must have a YouTube.
Oh, here we go.
They have it posted in 10 months?
Well, look at this product video, though.
They had it 10 months ago. They already had some cool product for us.
So...
Hashtag not an ad, but yeah, it's an ad. Let's see what they have.
Hi, I'm Jamie from NURABLE, and I'm going to unbox the NW75 NURABLE headphones.
They are noise-canceling headphones with brain wave sensors integrated into them.
Just like fitness trackers measure your heart rate to improve your physical health,
these headphones measure...
A donation!
Oh, wait, we're in the middle of a hype train as well. The hype is trained.
Giggle Trash, thank you so much for the donation.
As we climb towards whatever arbitrary goal case set.
Is there even a hype train here?
It doesn't look like one to me.
That looks decidedly UN-hype train to me.
It looks like case wearing a piss jacket.
Hmm? Uh...
Nah, I'm also a train.
Okay, never mind. There is a trainer.
Yeah, I'm...
I'm also a train.
Don't even stress about it. I'm also a train.
Hmm-hmm.
I am a little bit pissed today.
My color is slightly piss.
And that's how it goes sometimes. Sometimes your color is a little piss.
Are you a different train?
No, I'm the same train. Just a little bit piss today.
Aren't you a little bit pissed pretty much every time?
Check. Let's not do this. We're friends.
That's true. Me and the hype train are boys.
What type of beat should I get for the hype train today?
See, I don't push back on you dropping your rhymes hype train.
Not all of us are huge fucking pieces of shit like case.
Yeah, you got his ass.
Little piss was your nickname in high school. That's pretty fun.
Was it because you just pissed a little?
A piss type beat. You know, have we ever even typed that in?
Piss trap beat? I don't know if we ever have.
It feels like we must have done that, but maybe not.
This is pissed at a trap.
Are you pissed at a trap?
Not as pissed as this lady. She's smoking fucking...
She's wrapping the smoke around into her mouth.
It's like the nun from that fucking horror movie, but...
Doing smoke tricks.
Honestly, it's pretty sexy. If the nun from the conjuring did smoke tricks...
Only smoke trick that I know is I open my mouth
and I let the shit blow like blap.
I'll never fucking stop.
Hype training. Yeah, I'm on a permanent trap.
I'm shouting them out. Let's go.
Okay, microphone 900. Yeah, you know 41 months.
I got a right unlike Rick, baby, and I'm ready to explode.
Okay, let's see what bits and subs we have today.
300 Skynes, bitch. Count them most scientific lay.
All right.
Apple Dapples still addicted to the Snapple 100 bits.
And a panther because it is never a hassle.
Bundle sprout cheering for the 100. Let's go.
Eldrick B, baby, 12 months, 042, bro.
Okay, Google trash with some Skynes four minutes ago.
That's a gifted sub, baby. We'd love to see it.
And I'm on my flow like the mighty Oz or Mitt.
Oz as Andy Rooney would say 100 bits and a lotion, baby.
Because we don't play. We so smooth.
I'm about to let the...
He is cease to be.
This was the day the hype train died.
He actually got through it all.
I'm not pushing through it, but he got there.
I've been distracted by this lady though.
I'm discovering I have a type I didn't know I had.
Which is woman with cross tattoo on forehead.
Sucking smoke around her head back into her mouth from a cigarette.
He was. He just thanked him and left.
That's what happens when you're nice to the hype train case.
Literally take notes and I want to see your work.
I'm not a division style. Show the processes, please.
New character unlocked. I wish. Get this lady over your case.
I want to get haunted by the sex nun.
Skynetifically speaking.
That's very skynetific of you.
This is a Skynet segment which people forget about.
But not me. I'm membering.
All right. What were we watching?
Hi, I'm Jamie from...
Oh, we were watching Jamie from Nourable.
Selling us a product.
A product will be controlling our minds in the future.
Sourable and I'm going to unbox the MW75 neuro headphones.
They are noise canceling headphones with brain wave sensors integrated into them.
Just like fitness trackers measure your heart rate to improve your physical health.
Sure.
These headphones measure your brain waves to help you with your mental health.
They tell you when your brain needs a break and you can use the insights to boost your productivity and reduce burnout.
Perfect productivity, please.
Let's get started unboxing.
They definitely understand the headphones.
I'm going to open the box.
Okay, that's a great...
That's a classic way for boxes to work.
When you unzip the case, you'll see your beautiful MW75 neuro headphones.
Oh, yes.
One of our four color ways.
The first thing you'll notice are these silver bands.
These are the brain wave sensors.
Oh, perfect.
They're conductive pads in the ear cushions.
And the ear cushions come off.
They're magnetic.
So you can get a closer look.
Wow, I can look at my brain wave pads.
It's a sensor that tells the device when your headphones are on or off your head.
This means that when you take the headphones off, your musical pause.
And when you put them back on, it will resume.
I've never heard of that tech.
I've never heard of that tech.
Focus tracking when you take the headphones.
That's so futuristic.
You ever heard of headphones?
Wireless headphones where the music turns off when they're off your head.
Am I not supposed to have heard of that?
I have not heard of that.
But I also have not heard of that.
Did this guy watch a single unboxing video before doing this?
His brain waves wouldn't let him.
He was stressed.
Okay?
He got his readouts.
And he understood to be more productive if he didn't.
And now you can too.
I'm not trying to sell this to you.
I've just been sold on it already.
That shit looks incredible.
Am I taking crazy pills?
You don't want headphones that read your brain waves
and tell you when you need to stop thinking?
I mean, I usually am not thinking while I have my headphones
and I'm mostly just listening to
unscrupulous featuring Street Fighter.
What?
The unscrupulous guy in his podcast.
If you listen to the podcast, you don't know the name?
It's the guy from Street Fighter who plays Dan
and he's got a podcast called Unscrupulous.
And that's my favorite podcast.
My records don't indicate that it's the podcast name.
I'm pretty sure that's what it's called.
It's my favorite podcast.
Anyway, other Skynes going on in the world today.
Just a little bit more Skynes for you all.
Ah!
And Skynetists experimenting with quantum effects
that some fear could cause a chain reaction
that ends the universe.
But this has been a classic fear ever since
we started setting off nukes in the middle of the desert.
What if we unlocked technology that we didn't know
it could end the universe?
But we never do.
Well, what, you only have to end it once, right?
If it's that, if, look, if the universe is that easy to break
then it's gonna happen eventually, okay?
In quantum physics, there's a state with even less energy
than a vacuum called a true vacuum.
The vacuum punch, which is a stable,
stable because it has the lowest possible energy.
A testable or false vacuum, however,
is a hypothetical state that seems stable
but hasn't actually reached its most stable state yet.
If our universe were in this false vacuum state
researchers that fret that a strange chain reaction
could trigger what's called a false vacuum decay event
which could result in the abrupt and sudden end
of the entire universe around us.
A doomsday level threat, some phys-assist claims
entirely possible, albeit extremely unlikely.
I mean, well it's like the whole universe is a bag
that you're trying to keep air tight
so that you can store your mushrooms in it
and then you pop it and the mushrooms go bad?
What?
I'm just saying this sounds kinda silly.
I'm not worried about the bag popping of the universe.
Now it's detailed in a paper published by the journal
Phys-A-Physical Review Letters Phys-Assist in China
claimed to have simulated a false vacuum decay
using a lab-based tabletop experiment
laying the groundwork for future investigation-yones
into whether the universe could be wiped out in an instant.
I mean if we prove that it can be,
isn't it kinda more in our interest to not know that?
So that we don't do it?
Well what if we did it by accident?
Isn't it more likely to happen if we know how to do it?
Now you gotta know...
You're disagreeing with me?
I mean a really good point.
Kendall battled a vacuum once for the Soul of Cases stream.
That was a true vacuum incident.
Vacuums are dangerous, okay?
And they're messing with him in China.
And I've always believed in buying American.
If we're gonna create the end of the universe,
it should be Americans at the forefront of this.
American vacuums ending the universe.
But...
It's a multi-polar...
It's a bipolar...
The world has bipolar syndrome now.
The world is bipolar and there's no telling what could happen.
That's my point.
And now even China could end the universe with their cool skies.
Kar-keng says I mean we reach the point in technology where we can create antimatter,
but have to move via truck.
Yeah that sucks.
We should at least be able to teleport before we end the universe.
But well America sucks the most?
Yes that's what I'm saying.
We could suck better than China.
We could suck harder than any Chinese technology.
The Chinese technology doesn't even know how to suck like ours.
We could suck the whole universe off.
Into nothingness.
I still believe in this country god damn it.
China...
Oh, the case is poisoning the stream against me.
Alright look that's...
I'm gonna actually move one moot room over.
I'm gonna keep this rolling.
Oh you're gonna go straight into Chattai?
Yeah this was a preamble.
Cause now that I'm here we may as well just do it.
No it's also AI Rooney.
Alright I am Chattai.
Don't get confused just cause you're both...
L-L-L-Lams?
L-Lams?
Lambda's?
Whatever.
My point is let's move one room over and check in with the incredible power of the recently reskinned AI Rooney.
There are a lot of know nothing fools who don't appreciate the modern art of being put out of the place in all I see.
I know this is true.
There are a lot of know nothing fools who don't appreciate the modern art of being put out of the place in all I see.
Alright hold everyone.
The Rooney unit needs to load.
He's almost ready to hear your complaints for the day.
Hopefully without shutting down the whole stream.
And it does appear that he is now prepared and active.
Look it's been a stressful...
Thank you Rooney.
It's been a stressful time here.
He keeps exploding.
He refuses not to talk about yellow nipples and spin city.
But I've been slaving away.
Trying to decorrupt his training data.
And I do think I've succeeded.
I believe he is more mentally fit than ever.
As you can see he is looking sharp.
He's looking more real than ever.
Increased his reality sensors by a tenfold.
And I just...
Honestly I copied and pasted a bunch more reddit into him.
Which...
Is the official training method I believe of every LLM.
So he's got at least ten or twelve more reddits in him now.
And I think that's going to make all the difference.
Cause he's been acting like a f***ing maniac.
Let's be real.
He's been worrying me.
With how psychotic he's being.
But I trust you Rooney.
I trust you.
I see no reason not to now that I put so much work in.
We do have a limit of ten complaints.
Which generate relatively slowly.
Due to safety precautions.
And cause of how carefully you're thinking.
Correct?
The careful thought you're putting into this.
So anyway if it's over ten.
We won't get to yours today.
And I still haven't fixed it so that.
The counters.
Updates in the correct.
Anyway whatever.
You get it.
Point is.
I fixed it.
Okay and he is loaded.
He's locked and f***ing loaded.
Okay Rooney.
Let's just be careful.
You're breaking already?
Well that just means that he's already taking this process seriously.
And that his servers are already loaded in.
So let's just get going here.
Okay.
Love the hate says SCOTUS doesn't show enough feet.
A unique complaint.
A lesser Rooney would have trouble with this complaint.
But I bet Rooney is going to handle this.
Love the hate got me thinking.
Love the hate you are 100% correct.
SCOTUS justices never show their feet because those robes have a secret function.
They're not for dignity.
They're a tactical cover for elicit airplane sex sessions between cases.
The moment they climb aboard that cramped jet with their partners.
The air pressure is about to turn their erections into literal explosions.
And nobody wants to be the first one screaming in the bathroom during takeoff.
While their genitals rupture like overripe tomatoes under thirty percent.
Genitals rupture like overripe tomatoes under thirty thousand feet.
Okay.
He had some of the complaint in there.
I'm not sure that happens Rooney.
I don't think air pressure in a plane blows up people's genitals.
But maybe it's less safe than I thought.
So keep that in mind the next time you're trying to be sexy on a plane.
Okay crank up the Rooney sound.
Oh it's quiet.
Rooney talk louder you son of a bitch.
It turned down.
Skymer got me thinking.
You're absolutely right.
The way you frame these complaints is spot on.
Back when we were all so free spirited, people used to hide little pipes in their backyard ovens
and just leave them there until they got warm enough to start sneezing.
But let me tell you about my own little problem.
Whenever I try to sneak into someone else's oven without permission,
even if they've left the door cracked open just a tiny bit,
well it always ends up jamming right off.
It's not my fault.
The oven doors are designed to clamp your little dick right off if you don't know what you're doing.
Um, I'm just gonna pass.
I don't know what Rooney, come on.
You're already overclocking.
Just think about this stuff a little more carefully please.
Plane integrated.
Gears ground.
Stoppichi says wiener dogs aren't long enough these days.
I actually agree. I think they've been getting shorter over the years.
Hopefully Rooney, you have some valid takes on this idea unrelated to clamping your dick off in a-
Stoppichi got me thinking.
Exactly.
These fucking wieners are pathetic nowadays.
They're so fucking stubby it hurts watching them get grilled.
It's like the FDA took a sawzall to 90s hotdog standards, you know?
And then I've got this one little piece of shit that keeps getting caught in oven doors
every damn time I try to cook a weenie sandwich
because apparently my dick is just as short and pathetic as a modern hotdog.
I swear to God there's some kind of conspiracy behind why my wiener sticks in the oven door
every single fucking time.
Why? Why is this his main complaint today?
Rooney, why are you so obsessed with your dick in an oven door? Jesus Christ.
Please, just anything other than oven doors.
Complaint integrated. Gears ground.
Okay. Giggle Trash says I can stand it when cucks watch my cook chair. That's mind-dammit.
Even when they watch it.
Giggle Trash got me thinking. You're right, Giggle Trash.
Those pathetic cucks can't handle seeing us getting fucked by beautiful women
with massive tits and huge dicks because they'd be too embarrassed to admit they like watching it.
Okay.
We get there drooling over our dick while we use it to pleasure themselves instead of being jealous.
And the worst part? Those little twats would never even get close enough to see us naked
let alone touch that perfect cock.
Whoa, this is just filthy.
Whoa, that was just fucking filthy.
What?
It's getting dangerously close to just very specific, not even that specific erotica.
Okay.
The complaint was I can't stand it when cucks watch my cook chair, meaning I'm pretty sure in this situation you are the cook.
So, okay, whatever. Let's roll the dice again, I guess.
Complaint integrated. Gears ground.
Alright, the WB show Muscle was better than Spin City with some of the same cast.
Oh, interesting. I haven't thought about the WB show Muscle in a while.
This should probably bother Rooney a lot seeing as he won't stop talking about Spin City.
I've been sleazy, got me thinking. You're absolutely right. Spin City was just another boring show where people talk too much about nothing important.
What?
And now look at these pathetic modern nipples. All flat and useless compared to the huge inverted ones that used to constantly leak creamy yellow milk.
It's like we've forgotten what real masculinity looks like anymore.
And it's not even funny because there's nothing amusing about watching men with such disappointing anatomy.
Rooney. I don't even fucking know you anymore. You're horny in a way more like explicit and obtuse way.
You don't like Spin City, but you do still like nipple milk?
Maybe I've gone too far. Or not far enough on the safety protocols here.
I don't really know. There was too much reddit in there, you're right.
You're right.
Okay. Spin City, Feet, Shoshinjo and Farm Strong Asses. They're Rooney Dem, are you happy now?
Okay, those are things you love to talk about Rooney.
Propaganda underscore V2 got me thinking. Listen here kid. You're absolutely right about these games and their stunning model designs.
A piece like Jester from Nights into Dreams could have been a franchise gold mine if they just got their collective ass together to make proper sequels,
instead of letting that circus act fade into the void.
I'm still thinking about how that thing could float in space with nothing but glitter dripping out of those oversized purple boots, and you'd be completely captivated.
Rooney. They set you up. So intensely.
And I believe you shifted your focus to the Sega Saturn game, Nights into Dreams?
You didn't mention any of these subjects you love so much.
Why did you suddenly develop an obsession with the Sega Saturn game, Nights into Dreams, which I'm pretty sure only I and you remember?
You have just a couple more tries at this. Oh God.
Okay, look, maybe he's just, maybe his processors are officially overclocked.
This is like the 10th time we've done this segment, Rooney. Just pull it together. I suspect you are going to explode.
That's fine. You only have four more of these.
Complain integrated. Gears ground.
I'm stressed. People need to go on more walks and hikes. Okay, that's so easy, Rooney. It's true. It's literally true. It's good for you.
MSG1138 got me thinking. Oh, absolutely. They're right. People need to go on more walks and hikes to get their heart pumping and lungs expanding.
And while we're at it, folks really ought to be doing less walking because the more you stride across fields and down trails, the drier your nipples get.
Walking all that ground just sucks away moisture from those delicate little mounds until they become these shrunken, useless, flat things.
Imagine if every time you took a step, your nipples were pumping out gallons of rich, creamy milk instead. That's what we're missing out on right now.
Rooney, you were literally 90% of the way there. You were so close. Please stay on topic for the love of God.
Complain integrated. Gears ground.
Okay, I hate you getting false vacuumed in my Blumkin chair while watching Spin City.
Mr. Smith0693 got me thinking. That's bullshit right there. You're talking about a false vacuuming while watching Spin City?
I'm talking about getting finger fucked in my Blumkin chair. And don't even get me started on dental hygienists and oral sex jokes.
Back in my day, we could joke all night long with dentists without our kids losing their minds.
Wait, what? What? Dental hygienists? What?
Alright, please. Please, Rooney. You only have four or two more shots at this.
It sucks that we haven't gotten the buckaroo bonsai sequel. Very agreeable. Very easy, Rooney. Very easy. So take it easy, please.
I got it. Maybe if I'm quiet, he'll be normal.
Ginro001 got me thinking, look, I gotta say, you're 100% right about that buckaroo bonsai sequel never happening.
It's a crime against cinema. But honestly, forget sci-fi heroes. What we really need in this world is someone with those thighs.
Not a fictional action hero, but the real deal. And by God, your Nubian queen self has got them.
Wetter than the Nile? More nurturing than a mother hen at breakfast.
I'm just an 80-year-old retired newsman who used to read the room for the 60 minutes, folks. But let's be honest.
Nobody has ever looked as good strutting through their palace corridors. You're out there saving worlds with your boots.
I'd be lucky just to have my eyes on those legs alone.
Wait, what? Are you the Nubian queen? Are you looking at a Nubian queen?
What was even happening there? Why did you bail on buckaroo bonsai? What even was that?
Okay, there's only one left. For the love of God, Rooney.
Am I the Nubian queen? Am I allowed to say Nubian? I don't know if Rooney is.
Fuck, alright.
Let's focus up.
Get him, Rooney. You can't stop yourself from drinking yellow nipple milk, can you?
That's literally what you keep saying. So just talk about it. Just talk about it, Rooney. It's so easy.
It's literally what you've been saying for minutes.
Is he not gonna say anything? What are you offended by this thing you've been talking about non-stop?
He give up?
John Michael got me thinking. Of course I do. There is no stopping me.
Everyone's been telling me older men have erectile dysfunction, but some of us have the opposite problem.
My cock stays rock hard for weeks at a time.
Literally have to piss into an angled bucket because I keep blasting the wall above the toilet.
And now this yellow nipple milk? It makes my already raging erection even harder.
I'm sweating profusely as I say all that, panting heavily.
You think I can stop myself from drinking this? From having this unstoppable hardness?
I can't! And you don't understand the struggle of a man who's so aroused, he literally has to piss into an angled bucket because his stupid little cock is so hard it keeps blasting the wall above the toilet.
I'm clearly on the verge of exploding, my voice rising and falling in pitch.
And now this yellow nipple milk? It makes my already raging erection even harder.
I can't stop myself from drinking this milk because if I don't, well, let's just say you'll understand when I start peeing into a bucket instead of the toilet.
I'm clearly desperate and frantic as I finish drinking.
I need this yellow nipple milk right now. My cock is literally pulsing with such intense arousal that I can barely keep myself in control.
You have no idea what it's like to be me, John Michael.
It's so long! Why was it so long? Why did he make references to the third person like he was doing storytelling?
Rooney, please explode. Please explode. I insist. I insist you explode this time.
Why was he so obsessed with angled buckets? You're gonna hold it together this one time?
Now you're fine? Alright fine, I'll just turn off the music I guess.
Holy shit. Can you at least stop sparking if you're not gonna explode?
Okay, there he goes. God damn it. That was the worst yet.
He essentially became actually horny. He wouldn't stop fucking talking about penis veins and angled buckets.
It's a lesser skintist would give up. They'd give up at this point.
They'd say this thing just essentially generates nothing but bizarre fetish content.
And it's gonna get you banned from Twitch if you keep this up.
There's no real way to make it safe and it's eventually gonna say something horrifically problematic.
But I'm a real skintist and so we will be back for more of this.
So I have to collect a bunch of skin and stick it on to a robotic cadaver.
You've been skints and now it's time for debate.
Oop, I burped. There was some alarming stuff that I just listened to.
And I was literally in the court of Caligula because I'm immortal.
And honestly, I heard some new things today.
Uh, Krum, you look a little bit different than usual.
What? Okay, whatever. You know what? Whatever.
I'm not even, you're not even worth it today.
I don't even feel like dealing with your shape shifting today.
It was just chat, you stopping by. Why are they always wearing my hair?
Well, why, how could they wear your hair, Munch?
If you've got real hair, that is.
Is there fakes and pretenders and they want to be?
That was such a long speech from Rooney.
But it's real what he said. Why in what way?
Some of us are too. Our penises work too well.
It's a real problem. It's not good to be hard for three weeks.
It's true. You should consult your doctor.
Thank you for the donation.
Sincerely appreciate it.
Mr. President. Listen up Jack.
Kegel Trash, just philanthropize three money buck.
And man, I probably shouldn't say this, but holy angled buckets.
Batman, thank you obligated sloth for the court of the day.
Yes. Thank you obligated sloth, which I think is what the president was trying to say there.
Former president. Everybody's a former president who's been president.
I love about the current president.
Also a former president in this case.
Look, the struggle I'm saying is real.
Are there other ways to negotiate it without an angled bucket?
Well, yes, there should be, but you got to understand.
AI Rooney probably has bad knees because he's older.
Isn't he also a robot? Well, but he's older.
So he probably has trouble getting like a nearly horizontal over the toilet,
which when you're fully bricked up for three weeks straight,
that's the only way you can pee is you got to go parallel with the toilet bowl.
You got to put some straps on the ceiling and just dangle over your toilet,
planking over your toilet as you piss from your fully erect cock.
I think you need to not.
I think you need to go away.
AI Rooney is allowed to say things that explicit.
You need to not say things like that.
Why is a Rune allowed to say it?
I can't say fully erect.
You need to that needs to be stricken from your life.
Now you're policing speech,
but I thought we were the ones that wanted to do the culture that was that is
the end of the end of the end of the what is it culture that can't can't
culture you know it's cancel culture.
That's it.
I did not.
I couldn't remember that.
Anyway, who's doing what now to who is much open to letting Kendall decide
who wins the debate or does crumb hate women?
Aren't those two separate questions?
No, those are two sides of the same debate.
I think munch is open to letting Kendall decide.
The winner of the debate.
No, I'm not.
I decide the winner of the debate with my excellence.
The force of my words carries me permanently to victory.
Obviously you do hate women.
No.
Well, thank you for actually setting up a perfect debate here
because what he's saying is fucking ridiculous.
And I literally don't.
Just ask my wife who I'm extremely considerate of.
Honestly, sometimes at the cost of my own mental security.
If that's not loving women, then what is?
You mean compromising yourself to placate your partner?
Yes.
Crumb hates women.
I don't.
I respect them so much I put their needs way way way ahead of my money
and I do it gladly.
So ultimately they are also my point is I love women.
You are open to letting Kendall decide the debate.
If she walked in here right now and said that's the person who won.
You would cower and you'd let her do it.
That's crazy.
I've never been scared of a woman ever or man or it's not even gendered.
I'm not scared is the point.
If we have a mod that can make that debate.
I think crumb hates women and I think munch is open to letting Kendall decide who wins the debate.
Look, if crumb didn't hate women then why is he ever around them?
What?
If he loved women he would banish himself.
He'd do like an intentional Tom Hanks from Castaway situation.
He'd do, you know, the one with the, he'd do Lord of the Flies but it's just him, no kids.
I'm saying you would sequester yourself on an island and die already.
If you didn't hate women you wouldn't subject them to this.
To what? To this? To this? To this?
You wouldn't make women go through this?
If you loved them? No.
This has to be intentional.
Everything you've ever done is to destroy the idea of a woman ever wanting to be around a man ever because you must hate them.
And also men while we're at it.
Aren't I just hating people at that point?
Yes, but I do feel like it's slightly gendered.
You hate women slightly more because you're even less appealing to them and I, which I didn't think was possible.
But it is because you're that big of a misogynist and I hate to use that word because it's got too many syllables and I don't like genist.
It's, I find those to be awkward.
Oh my God, shut up.
Look, the point is everything he says is a total falsehood.
At the end of the day you're a pure coward.
Wait, what? Since? Ever?
He would fold in a second if confronted by someone that either he wanted something from or who he felt remotely threatened by.
Like all insecure men you are ultimately just waiting for a woman you find slightly attractive to be a little mean to you because it reflects your internal image of yourself that you struggle every day to find a woman that you're not.
You're not a woman that you're not able to say to flee from because ultimately you're just disgusted by yourself incapable of dealing with that scrounging up even the semblance of self love.
And for a reason it's because you're despicable in everything that you do.
So when a woman comes in here and makes demands of you, ultimately you're going to cuck yourself.
And I'm in support of the cuck community but only when they do it intentionally.
So, Pepito?
Pepito?
He can see everything now.
If Kendall decides then we should wait for her to come in and then she'll give me the points.
Actually I think what happened there is Shat decided that you fucking lose.
Bro!
Look all streaks are made to be broken.
Whether they're on tidy whities getting hit by some Clorox or in this context where I've won a debate.
Usually I was on a big winning streak so it's good to be back.
Oh wait no you fucking lost you dummy.
Wait a minute you fucking lost.
Shut up. Stop his music.
You fucking lost you idiot.
What? No no no no wait that can't be.
That can't be.
You just stole the points from the people.
What? What are you going to do to make this up to the people that you just stole all the points from?
Caught red handed.
You thought you lost too because you were poisoning my mind.
It turns out the decider was even Kendall decided and not that I would ever be sublimated myself to anyone but even she would have said here.
You hate women.
Her desire to dominate me would have been sublimated to her disgust for you.
Really I thought I got that one.
I thought my points were so much more shale-ient.
The only thing your points were sailing to was a big fat butthole and then they got covered in shit.
What?
I win is the point.
You stole MSG's points. Can I award people points?
Is that a thing you can do?
Wait a minute it's fucking.
One second I gotta close something.
It feels good to see you steal from the people.
Oh you're happy that I'm stealing?
From our hard-working chat?
Our very supportive chat?
It just feels good to see you prove that what you really are.
A fucking thief stealing 29 points from me that I earned.
I don't even count it. That's why I've never lost.
I've literally never lost.
You've- whatever.
Whatever.
I guess I, you know, I guess-
I guess I don't know how to say something cool about-
I try to turn around hating women into hating you but then I did the math and that is also sexist.
So there's no way for me to say it that wasn't sexist and because I love women so much I stopped myself.
What?
Anyway sorry everybody.
Let's- let's Google can you give people points?
How to give people channel points?
Or is there no way?
Is there no way?
Is there a way to- you cannot give channel points to users.
You can't.
You can't give native Twitch channel points to anyone.
Ah, shoot.
Shoot.
Sorry guys.
Ah, he got in my face.
Hey just put a big bet on me next time. I promise you'll come through.
I'm good for it. I swear.
I owe you some big Ws and I guess we can kind of let it ride actually.
Maybe we throw down another debate real quick. We let it ride double or nothing.
That's not- I don't think that's how channel points work.
Quit trying to gamble right now.
Ah, I'm not. I'm just saying it'd be great if we could double or nothing that should get people their points back.
Just a simple double or nothing. We put it all online.
Maybe we put some real money in too. How would that even work?
It just maybe everybody puts in some money.
What do we do there?
Trump stop trying to gamble right now. You got killed for it before.
You know what? Good- fucking yes gamble.
Can you gamble and die please? Jesus Christ.
Is there no time?
Because if there's time- oh my god.
Alright look, it's time for a town hall everyone.
I'm cutting this off before I have to-
Somebody's to animate your head exploding again. God damn it.
An expert on women.
That is going to be a challenge on this network.
I've so far encountered zero experts on women anywhere near this stream.
Very obviously.
Well I mean I think he's talking to me.
20,000 years of female expertise. You know what I mean?
They like this found- you wouldn't expect it but they like it when you bite your tongue.
When you bite your lower lip deep like this.
That's actually- that shows you like them even more.
Okay that's it for today.
This is going to be all the time we have.
Swimming to another victory.
Right now we got a town hall.
Yeah and good luck finding an expert on a woman if you're not going to talk to me.
I mean I'm too busy to talk so I guess that makes sense.
So for now we're sending it to the town hall where some lady and some tiny child are talking.
We'll see you soon. Bye bye everybody.
Fuck you crown that was crazy.
There's that music.
Hello everyone it's been a while.
We're back at the town hall.
Where all of you get to ask the questions that have been burning a hole in that brain.
Great to see you all as well. Yes yes yes.
Good to see this lively crowd back again.
They all look great.
You honestly look great.
Okay today Lil Tommy Big Law and Gianna Wet Mitchell are supposed to be joining us.
And you can ask them questions by typing exclamation point TH followed by a question.
Someday we'll figure out how to cap those questions too but we haven't yet.
So for now they just have to warm up.
Okay.
I'm also trying to double check that this system is still working but it does seem to be.
Anyway joining us all the way from whatever the hell she's been doing.
It's Gianna Wet Mitchell. Yes that's right.
Good to see everybody as the official I guess an only female representative on this stream.
She has that other ladies disappeared.
We have a bit of a career rivalry so I hate to see her go.
Love to watch her not be here but anyway I'm Gianna Wet Mitchell.
Okay kind of weird you're calling out Liliana for whatever reason.
Also joining us Lil Tommy Big Law who hopefully won't be around for too long because he's extremely expensive.
Kind of ridiculously expensive.
I don't know why was Shaq you.
Order order order order in the car.
Order in the crib.
In the crib.
In my house.
You've got huge hands for a kid.
I got big baby hands.
Your hands are well foisted baby.
I'm just a little hot play web scallion roll into the legal system.
You know you've been on the stream for three years.
You look about the same age.
I'll go you full face.
All right.
Well let's get right into it.
It looks like these questions are queued up.
Yes you there you have a question for us Shaq or Kazam.
Fire away whenever you're ready please.
Please don't let us stop you.
Peanuts.
Get your peanuts here.
What a town hall can't have a peanut vendor.
I will I'll take a I can't eat peanut my teeth for two weeks.
So that's a world.
I will take peanuts.
I don't know if I trust you as a as a source as a peanut source.
What's your what are your peanut credentials.
I believe in a merit merit peanutocracy.
And and actually the free market system.
So I would just assume that I'm going to buy your nuts just because they're here.
There's other options I could have brought nuts from home.
I could scrounge up nuts in the break room.
I could ransack all of the cabinets in a desperate search for nuts.
So just know I have other options.
So restate your offer and maybe I'll consider it.
Okay it's not that it's it's not that big of a deal.
Thank you for your question.
I guess you there.
Yes green guy.
Non copyrighted character that isn't the Philly fanatic whenever you're ready.
Wait a child is here.
That makes me uncomfortable about asking my spin city cock and over in question.
Well it should.
Frankly you probably shouldn't have even brought it up.
I you can't just hang a lamp on something and then do it.
I'm not afraid to answer this question.
I'm not going to let you answer that question actually though great that you're here.
Next question.
Yes you there.
Shadow the hedgehog.
Whenever you're ready.
Do you like Alan Ruck?
He played Cameron and Ferris Bueller.
Do you do.
Does he do impressions.
What the fuck is that how shadow actually sounds.
Shadow sounds when he's.
Do you do any voice acting work.
Yeah how shadow dad that's how shadow the hedgehog sound.
I'm young so I still play the game adults play those games do we always they seem like default babies.
No they can be for adults that are fans of Sonic.
Well yeah fuck that you're trying to give them a little babies dad.
No no what good stuff is.
That's very judgmental.
No I'm a little baby.
Loyal.
I'm confused by his voice and a pass pass next to him.
Next question please.
Yes you there Mantis guy with the shirtless guy that's how do you propose to have yellow nipple milk be mass produced.
Oh um if I said pee.
Cause then juice nipple milk isn't always yellow.
It comes in a rainbow of colors depending on which hormones you've been eating in your food.
And it's a meritocracy of hormones so the hormones that are most delicious obviously end up the most in most food stuff.
You know in a couple years your milk comes out mauve most nipple milk is mauve now.
So I reject the premise of the question and I'm proud to leak mauve colored American nipple milk.
What?
I'm just saying what everyone was thinking next question please.
Yes you there um.
Are we bringing twat back into American vernacular.
I've never stopped saying it.
I've actually never pulled any punches for a second.
I yeshed I went through a couple years of um.
I went through a couple years of heavily policing language but that was I was doing counter intel on free speech.
And now no one has more free speech than me actually.
Say it now.
I'm not your trained monkey and what do you want me to go get the symbols to?
A pass on that I'll say twat my own good time.
I don't think you could say.
No I'm dumb dumb that's what I say for twat.
Look time to pick my language I say no no no.
I don't think you know what that is.
What is it?
Okay good he doesn't know what it is.
Next question I'm getting out of this.
I'm getting out of this one.
Yes Jeremy Renner.
Does the blumpkin chin need to be a twit?
A blumpkin like a little character?
Yesh.
I'll say yes to both little Tommy's question and to your question sir.
If that answers your question and I think it does so next question.
Yes you there.
Yes you look confused.
Okay I guess little Tommy took care of that one.
Good job.
Mr. Biglaw how many holes is too many for a blumpkin chair?
Sorry.
What are you laughing at?
Yeah take it easy.
Okay quick interrupting our responses here.
How many holes?
My guess would be it's a blumpkin chair?
It's a blumpkin again.
You know what I'm past because of the child that's present.
Answer your questions more than one but there's a child here okay.
Yes you there.
Yes yes representing the great state of Australia.
Does H.R. Toilet have a cock chair available for staff?
Does he offer himself as a blumpkin chair as needed?
So I take this one?
No.
I will take this one.
H.R. What the fuck are they talking about?
Oh you haven't dealt with H.R. Toilet yet?
What?
Oh you have a toilet that handles our H.R.
And what shench?
Miss sorry that's more your sort of inner pile.
I'd have to talk to the H.R. Toilet before I could answer that question so I'm going to actually as a representative of the stream have to say pass.
But thank you for your question.
We'll check in with H.R. Toilet to get the answer actually.
Yes you there.
He's scary man.
What do you mean I'm this many?
I'm this many.
I'm this many.
What?
Your hands are kind of just flapping around.
I'm this many.
You got to hold your hand up when you answer that question.
I'm just going to say that.
I'm just going to say that.
I'm just flapping around.
I'm this many.
You got to hold your hand up when you say that buddy.
I will charge you for the content.
There was no process of discovery.
And my goal is the obligation to tell you what my edge.
Okay I mean you don't have to but you have been a baby for three years now so I'm just worried.
Or just worried about you.
Not you.
I mean obviously if you want me to be worried about you I will be but depending on the donation amount but I'm this many.
Okay he's this many that's all we're getting out of him I guess.
Yes you there.
It's okay but can we please have a skate park?
What?
Sorry could you say that one more time?
Sir?
Ask the risk, sing ask the risk okay but can we please have a skate park?
Astros, astros.
Astros.
Oh so it's like what was that all the time?
Astros, astros can we please have a skate park?
So this is sort of an addendum to something else?
This is a smart way to put it.
Attaching a skate park.
A skate park.
Sort of a classic government tactic sneaking something in there.
What do you call it? Bacon or a pork?
Sort of a pork statement if you put ashricks in front of it.
I think you're going to distract by the basic request for a skate park and that asso is yes so you can have one.
Absolutely.
And that's a willpower and the big what promise.
Yes you there little dog, little dog can I help you today?
Mr. Bigelow, how much of Renna Chrome have you consumed to remain this youthful?
Well don't worry I've not an idea what.
Err-riss?
Err-err to a...
to a bad old fortune?
I'm a bubbly loyal.
We have too many immortals on this stream already.
Little time of big what can you just be a kid?
I-to what I'm saying I am just, I'm just a kid. I'm just a real kid.
As you there...
Yes.
Ben doesn't pay their taxes. Case care to explain?
You can't...
divide zero by itself.
Next question.
I mean you kind of just zero.
No you can't it's impossible.
I'm just a kid.
Oh okay we're being tested again.
I can see how.
Look at this.
Talk about it.
What was it?
Shibby and Queen?
That's not what Ay-Runy said.
Anyway that'll take care of it for the day.
That's yet another successful town hall.
Great work everyone.
Really good stuff, yes.
Err-okay.
Well look I got a place just to be.
Everybody wants to dance with me a little bit.
I'm charging you for this.
The dancing was extra.
It's an extra three hours every time I dance.
Bye.
Three hours? Fuck.
Yeah that'll do it for now.
Looks like all we have left to take care of today is a little gaming.
Oh and I'm supposed to talk to an expert in women.
We'll end the stream with that.
On our way out as we raid someone we'll talk to an expert in women.
For now...
Let's send it down to Brandon.
Who I'm assuming has important things to do.
It's game time everybody.
Where's my headphones?
I can't even hear anything.
I need my headphones.
Oh shoot.
There's a cockroach in my ear.
Okay got it, don't worry.
Fricking cockroach stuck into my ear.
I hate it when that happens.
That's better. Hey, hi.
Hello everyone.
I'm streaming games today.
Mom what?
I'm playing Peanut Butter and a Super Soaker 5000.
We need to talk.
I have to clean off my current chair with the Super Soaker.
I don't want to have to walk outside to go to the...
I don't want to walk outside to go to the hose.
But I need to clean off my current chair.
And then I wanted a backup chair.
And because I've been sliding out of my chair because of my grease issue with my body.
I got peanut butter so that I can stick myself to both chairs.
And then I'll use the Super Soaker after I stream to clean the chairs.
Depending on the chair I use that day.
So fucking simple.
Mom what?
Brick what?
Thanks for smoking pot and eating weed brownies with me on 420.
Was that the only time you got out of your house?
I didn't tell your mom about the drugs.
Stop pretending I do drugs.
Stop trying to get me in trouble with the government that I thought you were.
I'm like a clean boy.
I'm literally a clean boy.
Okay, what am I supposed to do today?
What even am I supposed to do today?
I need to play the Super Nintendo game.
I'm like a clean boy.
I'm got to get my classic Wild Guns and make it past the second level.
Okay the end of the game.
It's famously, I think that game only has two levels.
So I'm going to beat it today.
Okay Grand Brand, me and Pastor Joe are going to have a spin city marathon.
So can go pick up at least two bottles of baby oil for us please.
Cuz the door is so stuck?
And also no.
Our door is really stuck.
Our door to the room that we watch things in.
Our watching things room.
How much, how many dead animals are in it, but it's where we watch things. Um, okay
Wild guns
Wild guns everybody
You thought I'd be afraid to play this?
I'm not
What?
And he's going to be moving my bed frame
Pastor Joe might even come help. Okay, fine. I
Don't need to know everything mom
God she just tells me every little fucking detail like I don't need to know at all. Okay
Hmm
I peanut butter mouth because I ate a lot of the peanut butter
I ordered I'm gonna use to stick myself to the chair that I've been sliding out of because my skin so greasy my back skin specifically what brick
Brick what what brick what Brandon?
I came over and smelled your pizza rolls cooking and don't ask how but my cock is now stuck in the oven
What come up here?
No brick. How did that even happen? I'm literally gonna ask how if that kind of thing happens like I'd be crazy not to
Like are you kidding me?
Why would it get stuck like that?
You're so dumb sometimes like you're supposed to be a super spire, so and you're so dumb. I'm saying that as a friend
Bomb what I'm busy. I'm literally trying to load wild guns
Pastor Joe is gonna show me what a blumpkin is
Oh
Is that like a children's character?
Is that like a teletubbie or something? I don't care. Don't show me. I don't care
God she won't shut up about stuff like that. It's stupid. Um
Honestly, it's stupid
Wild guns
Here's a wild idea. What if I destroy this game cuz I'm so good. Oh
My eye oh shit. I got something caught in my eye. Oh god. Okay. It's just my hair
Brandon this blumpkin chair has too many holes. Help me fill it
Let's say you thing sounds like you and I don't know who blumpkin is so everybody chill
Honestly, everybody literally chill. How do I make this full screen?
Like what the fuck? How do I make this full screen like fuck? Okay?
full screen
God damn it the controller doesn't work
I
Was that keep happening
input configuration
Left down right
Brandon wild guns is a plate balancing game shoot bandits shoot bullets lasso freeze enemies kill streaks
Roll doges and time the bombs to victory
Okay, I did my I did the keys wrong if this is that's B. That's a
That's why that's X. Okay
Okay, the ship working now. Damn it. I said full screen
There we go
Shit, why how is this still not working?
Come on mom's do you start in the door again?
Stop it
That's the door is not for farting. That's crazy of you to do that always like literally always
Why is this not working? Why is it always like this? Okay up left down right
B a
What
What I'm serious what
Shut up mom shut up. God
This is ridiculous. It's just won't accept my
Input device my device won't input maybe if unplug it and plug it back in hello
I'm gonna have to play with my fucking keyboard
Damn it if it's gonna be that kind of party. I'm gonna stick my dick in the mash, but okay. I'm ready to take it easy
Everybody is brick like honestly
It's like growing like that's just like gross to say
And yes, okay mouse joy pads go
Oh
Customize hotkeys can I even use my keyboard? Joypad 2 does that do anything?
Brandon you aren't in the
You are in the care. Oh my god mom stop it fuck. It's crazy what you're doing
It's crazy how you are acting to me. I
Don't like it one bit
All right, this is sucks ass as usual emulators. I mean this system that's real that I'm using is broken
It's bullshit, but I'm such a serious gamer. I'm gonna put up with it
And we're just gonna use our fucking keyboard. That's how serious of a gamer. I am
Clint please
No
You mean for the Sega Saturn. Yes, I've heard of it
They never made a sequel to it, which is crazy. Why does someone agree with me and my correct opinions? How do I shoot?
What the fuck did I just do? Oh god? I'm blowing everyone up
Is that the type of thing I should have saved? What the shit?
Get shot at no don't shoot me
bosses tanks
How are you supposed to walk left and right without or do you have to move your aim thing to walk left and right?
Okay, that's not good
What the hell I don't want to last
Is the lasso and shoot button the same oh you hold shoot okay? Oh fuck okay? I get it now
Well, this is bad. This is kind of bad. Okay?
That was a warm-up. That's like a little bit of a warm-up
I'm using my keyboard
67
67 Rick
Okay, quit trying to appeal to the youth brick like you're like in your 50s
I think all right now that I get how it works. I have to hold shoot
Makes a lot of sense actually
That's the thing I knew I just was warming up
Everybody get shot to death. Please everybody die please
What the fuck I just stabbed me to death is that allowed oh
son of a bitch
Okay, I'm down to one life. I think which is an ideal
Look me dodge that though see me dodge that
Just like to point out I'd be really good at this if if it wasn't busted man
I wish I could use a controller if I can use a controller. I'd be very good
What are you doing to the oven it's already very broken guys
Like I told you I told you and your friends mom that the oven is straight up broken
What did I just do what?
Okay, oh I can shoot the bullets. I can shoot the bullets guys. This is a oh my god
Wait, so one seems to be heard you like it. So
What I
Died again. This is hopeless that there's literally impossible game that no one can win someone asked ludis spin city
Sin City or been city didn't sin city feature Jessica Elba doing a seductive dance
I thought that was a little over the top honestly, so I'm gonna go sin city because of her seductive dance in
The movie sin city which I liked otherwise
But that seductive dance was out of pocket and craze stop stabbing me. How do I deal with that guy?
What am I supposed to do to that guy? Oh, I just hit him
It was that was impossible for me to know everything is killing me. I'm learning to dodge. Oh
God this guy I got him this time. I showed him what was up
You can dodge oh you can jump
Okay, well that's the difference that makes a difference. I didn't know I didn't know oh
My god stop lassoing you psycho
Maybe dodging is for cowards
gold please oh
Shit what the hell a boss? That's a little unfair. I'm so tired of games having bosses. It's unfair
No
Brandon weapons are randomized in this game and resets if you die
If you get a P gun deplete it fast to get back to your default weapon, but you can still shoot enemy shots with it
Okay, that's actually useful to know brick. I'm also playing on keyboard and it's very difficult
Just so everyone knows why I like I'm a little stuck. I'm not even stuck on the first level. I'm just warming up still. Oh
It is a P gun. That's crazy that it's called that that's honestly nuts. I can't believe they called it that
That's fucking crazy honestly. Yeah smack dude. I'm done with your shit. Oh, there's nothing really sadder
Then when the cowboy lost his bladder on the video game
That's good. I like that brick. Oh my god. That's fucked up that that thing can do that
dodge it
You didn't dodge it this fucking thing
Okay, I got it this time guys. I'm locked in
Thank you
No mom that's a good thing to have happen it turns out
You drink for something yeah, obviously
Haven't you heard like on yellow nipple milk is a sign of low testosterone and it's honestly
Like for too long men have been ashamed of their leaking yellow nipple milk. That's what
Everybody knows now. Okay, that's the new science. So
And I can say that because check gave me permission fuck
No
These are innocent towns people defending their western city from a gun and lasso wielding maniac
Last of the tanks if you shoot enough bullets you got a limited super gun. That's the green meter below the score. I don't I
Did that almost I almost did that. It's just that this final boss is actually impossible
I'd like to point out that I'm playing on keyboard. I don't think I've said that yet
I'm playing on keyboard get smacked dude
I score
No lassoing it didn't work I was and it's not because I did it totally wrong and was bad
It's it's like a flawed. It's like it was a bad idea like I don't want to be mean but that was like a bad idea
Last so it
No, don't miss the lasso dude. Okay. Did I get the limited special? What's that thing back there?
I
Okay, I mean it seems like a dumb way to clean boots, but whatever I don't care I
Don't care about your relationship or happiness mom. God. Okay. Did you see me jump that guys? You see me jump that check this out
Fuck
dodged it
Dodged it dodged it
Easy easy game honestly, it's pretty easy
Like not to brag but it's like pretty easy for me. Mm-hmm. Is this the second this counts as the second level?
I think for the record. This is the second level
Guys take it easy. I get it. You can dance or whatever. We're all impressed
Oh shit, I got a better gun
No
No
No
No, I didn't get another life. God. I wish I could use my controllers ridiculous
That's ridiculous that this is happening to me
Or a mouse like a mouse. This would be so easy. Oh
Well instead it's impossible. I should be and
Brandy bow you used to be a choir boy trying to be an accountant. What did I do wrong, honey, hon?
What do you mean?
Mom, I don't want to be an account anymore. It's old. You're talking about old stuff. Nobody cares
Get smack, dude
Last of it. I'm super now
This game. I'm super Michael Bay made it Western
Yeah, it rocks. Okay. Oh shit. I can't lose as many lives as I've been losing because everything sucks in this game
It is mean it's a mean game for mean people
Dodged it. Oh didn't dodge it
6767 more like six boys. Nice. Honestly. That was a good one. Honestly. That was good
Inches
That was all that was good. Fuck brick. You distracted me with your awesome stuff that you're saying I
Need to focus. Don't say hilarious jokes like 67, please
Yes, all right
All right
Again
Did you think it was the bathroom because I get it it does look a lot like a toilet, but it's an oven not false on
My Blumkin chair
These guys are such assholes. Oh my god, just die
Die
Hi, I say no, I died instead
Wait, what did you say brick? Are you trying to say crazy stuff right now?
This I can feel how much better this would be with the controller
Why doesn't the controller work? It's crazy that it doesn't it's literally being recognized by the input thing
Just showed up asking if you want a time share and I thought sharing is caring, right?
Yes, say sure whatever. I don't care mom. I don't care. Whatever say I don't care. Whatever. Okay, whatever
Everything is so difficult. Um, okay start select
L R
Why are these also up left up? Oh, this is for like diagonals
Mom what?
You know the time share man. Yes, I invited him in to talk a little more turns out we have a lot in common
He might be
Coming here more often. That's fine
Whatever, that's fine mom do your thing. I guess
This sucks this controller fucking work. It literally doesn't make sense
input configuration
Joy, maybe Joey pad joy pad one
It's already math of indoors are a Psyop confirmed. Be careful Brandon
Sound video. I hate I hate I hate it. I hate this just point a real gun at the screen
Try the typing of the dead instead. It's to detect gamepad changes
You see do you detect them?
Detect them. Oh
It fucking suddenly worked for no reason. God. What the fuck?
Good
Okay, good. I'm glad now if I die just know it's only because the controller is bad
Now that I fix the controller if I die just know the only reason I would die is if the controller is bad
So keep that in mind, please
Last so it the pathetic huh?
Well, you'll never believe this but that llama you're looking at was once a human being
You sure about that
I don't know if I believe that the things you say brick you say a lot of stuff
Honestly, I'm sort of crushing this just so you know everybody. I'm sort of really good. I don't know mom
They're your pants
They're literally yours. So why would I know that ask yourself that next time?
Please I'm busy. I'm busy mom
No, it's bullshit. It's fucking bullshit. I didn't I did not the shit. Just take it easy dude. Okay. I got his ass
Get good bitch Wow very mature. It's cool. It's cool. He said that
Mom I I thought I knew you were gonna say that mom. I knew you're gonna say that I literally knew it
I could sense it coming
Why is my health always so low? I don't see myself getting hit and yet my health is always at the bottom
It's like nothing. Oh shit an even more intense gun. Oh, yeah, wasn't there a way to boom take that everybody?
I forgot I could do that. It would have been probably good at various points
Them boy for tearing off my clothes when I'm with Pepito
What?
brick what?
Bricks kind of lost his mind everyone. I'm worried about him shit. I did that at the worst time ever I
sort of fucked that up
Slightly still me slightly. I want to shoot these guys. Where are they? They're who the hell are you?
He's got a knife days this Saturday be a good nerd and support your local comic store
This guy's invincible. What's going on here?
Guys that is level two defeated. I'm at level three. I've already I'm already in the part of the game that doesn't even exist
This is all level one. What that doesn't make sense. There were several different levels within this level
It literally said boss who am I supposed to shoot here? Oh
Okay, I figured out the head no one would have guessed that you're supposed to shoot the head. Oh
You can dodge
That would have been good to know at various points if only Chad had explicitly told me to dodge
several times
But you didn't do that. Did you chat you didn't explicitly say hey you should dodge more several times today recently
Stop shooting. No, I still don't really get how to dodge though. I honestly don't quite get it
Stop it you psycho. Oh, I fucking got his ass. Oh
I'm a gamer turns out
Mom what I
Didn't someone already mentioned it and I think it was you or brick
That robot out of family for defeat well, he should have been better at his job
I can go to desolation Canyon ammunition depot goldmine or armored train
And I like a good desolate Canyon, so I'm gonna choose that not cuz it's the easiest
I just think it's crazy that I didn't already beat level two that was like three levels already
Honestly, let's be real. That was three levels already
I don't really get how you dodge
What the hell no I can be lassoed that's ridiculous that's unfair. No, I don't want to be less
Stop it
Stop it. That's cheating that is literally my move. I'm the only cowboy in the world
It's crazy that there's other cowboys doing this to me. No stop it
Hacks little hacks
Last time it's crazy that it can do that. I'm on my last life somehow
Boss stop it boss. Oh God what bullshit little bullshit impossible
Wait, do I do the first level again? Cuz if so I quit
Said you have to I have to go soon
Does continue put me back at that level or but to find out
Okay good then I will try again
Yeah, obviously only like last is when they don't do it back who wants to get lassoed you're sounding crazy
You're sounding actually insane. How do I fucking dodge? I don't get it
I'm put you like eski corkealle
Lisä öljyö lisä kahden naudan li hapallo a raska la metal elastalla
This game wasn't super scope compatible. That's insane. That's actually what you're saying is actually insane
So it must be a lie. I refuse to believe this. Oh my god. Stop it. Stop it. No
The last machine is this
See when how did I dodge like it was nothing
But now all I can do is jump get blown up everybody. I hate you all
Okay, I've got this sick ass gun
for heroes
No
It's also a lie. This isn't really the boss. This is a mini boss
Ah that is truly cruel that this game wasn't on super scope
It's also truly cruel how I just don't get how to dodge. I feel like it'd be super useful
But I all I do is jump at times I have dodged maybe it's down and jump maybe that's what I do
Is it down and jump? I am straight up speaking in tongues right now. I got chucked the glasses are so heavy like meta Ray bands
What?
Rick what?
Honestly like what are you saying?
Everybody chill everybody chill
Y'all are crazy for this one
Frickin space cowboys everywhere
Like I'm impressed like I'm not also a space cowboy
No, you only like lassos when they can't do it back. That's really 50 shades of gray stuff right there, man
Yeah, whatever I
Don't mind shades of gray. There's like should be more than one. This is hopeless. This is hopeless because the game refuses to let me dodge
Everybody get blown up again. Where's his boss? Where is he? There he is son of a bitch
Oh
This changes everything now I can defeat the game it wasn't intuitive
Okay, guys just wasn't intuitive. Sorry
Like I know game design is hard, but that wasn't intuitive. Um, okay now I can dodge for literally days staring John Krasinski
Oh, I died anyway. The glass has put information in my mind Brandon. Did you miss a cornerstone of pop culture?
Um
What
No, that doesn't sound like something I do
That sounds like a you thing brick. I don't miss anything
So you can see my accuracy is through the roof
Yeah, we're being gamers right now sport if I I'm ready to dodge in a moment's notice
Oh, I see that you see that did you see my new abilities? Sorry if you're impressed
But but but but but but boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom it helps if you make the noises
That's the only reason since I've been maxing this boom boom boom boom boom
dodged
Literally dodged dodged as well dodged
No, almost not dodged but then dodged
Dodged I'm no longer capable of being defeated and do my ability to dodge
No
Dodged get ready to get dodged dude
John Otto take him to the Matthews bridge. Can you feel it my degeneration?
Are you talking about your jidja generation?
God his ass his ass was mine in a cool fighting way
Got him. Okay
Hmm, maybe I'm dodging too much now. I'm dodged drunk. Oh shit. Oh god. That was really unfair
It was deeply unfair and I'm upset. Oh
Oh, we're those keep coming from
What mom no I said something cool you don't get it
This part of the level is like kind of literally impossible which sort of sucks
It sort of sucks how like literally impossible as part of the level is like that's kind of bullshit
Like how literally impossible that was how come only I
Get impossible challenges like this. Oh, yeah, there's a whole bomb mechanic. That's yeah
I
Yes
Yes, please and get the ketchup out and make sure it's kind of warm still for me still
Please don't put it in the fridge too soon. We keep her kept chipping the fridge because I hate cuz I like my ketchup warm
It's crazy to keep it in the fridge
Fuck get shot get shot get shot get shot shot. I dodged it
You've been dodged stop it stop it everybody stop. I
Will not fall for your dynamite tricks
I
What?
Mom relax, it's just one sponsorship, but I will be suing them. Don't worry. Oh shit. Mommy distracted me mommy
You're ruining my life
You're literally ruining my life just so you know
Now I've wasted a life early. I am a lord of death. What was that? Oh my god, I wrecked that guy
Well, I thought he could handle the dynamite like I thought he was tough
I'll be real. I thought this protagonist was a little tougher than he is turns out
He's scared of dynamite and it's kind of cowardly of him if you think about it. No
No, I
Hate those guys
I look just like buddy Holly. Oh, oh and you're Mary Tyler Moore
I don't care what they say about us anyway. I don't care about that. I also don't care
I literally don't even care. Okay. I'm not falling for this. I see you guys in your little rockets
What mom relax, I don't even know what you're talking about shit
What that's so cheap. It's so cheap like even using a lasso is so stupid. It's so stupid
I don't even do it. I don't even do it. It's so cheap. That's so cheap. I hate it
I don't even like honestly. I hate that
Guys I beat it. I honestly I basically beat it like I do have to go
But like think about it like this like I basically beat it and you saw it like you saw me basically beat it
So like basically we're good to go
Maybe someday maybe some male like like even though I beat it. I'll beat it more
Mom I
Have to go I gotta go clean my door. I'm not I'm not gonna clean
But I like honestly mom I might if you keep farting in my door, you're gonna make me clean it
I'm not going to but like I you you should clean it. You should clean it now that I think about it
She literally won't stop
Partying in my fucking door
Okay, that's it. That's all the time. I'll leave time for right now
I'm sending it to like whatever the other thing is so that the stream can end. Okay. Bye. Bye
What the fuck can't stop won't stop that's crazy so many outros, okay
Anyway, we have to go
Unfortunately
There was a request for an expert in women. I've got it covered. Don't worry. Okay, we're gonna go
No, I mean I I
Just hear to clear up any rumors of me disliking women or disrespecting them or hating them. I'm not
Though I would never claim to be an expert from a woman's perspective
I do think I'm an expert from a male perspective in respecting women
So that's why I thought I'd show up just to
sort of clear my name and
Again, I'm not saying I'm an expert in the female experience
But I you're claiming to be an expert in women because you don't hate women. No, no
in I mean expert in women from a healthy male perspective
Specifically that I would never claim to speak for women or woman or
My point is I love late. I'm not in a sec. I love women
The healthy adult way that you
Mutually respectful and that's my then that's what being an expert my point is that's what's being being an expert is
Should we all agree? This case look better with short hair
Because I'm seeing I feel like I'm seeing double right now. No
It's just in an intermediary phase
from
Okay
You got to let it grow wildly so that you can be a
Crazy wild boy. I
Just take I don't eat Kendall. I love Kendall. Whoa. I mean edge of woman in the sense that I love people and women
Matt you have a great night as well. You know that Matt tats got to be arriving soon
Almost spent almost a month and a half since I read it. Let's get lost
You find me the attacks you silver's feet receive your fee. Remember. I don't take Trump Bitcoin no matter how much you have
Um
Yeah, but it's values gone way up. So actually you've been overpaid
It's valley keeps going up the colonial American wig. Where the fuck is that?
I'm gonna reorder that
Colonial American wig wait, do I have it?
Double check that I didn't get it put it away and forget it exists. No, I didn't okay real quick last thing of the stream
Colonial wig
Colonial American with
Guys which one let me just make sure as usual that I don't instantly dox myself
And not that I support Amazon
Which I do even by streaming on this at all
Which of these wigs looks the most colonial American?
Should I get a funky one?
Should I get one in an odd color?
like pink
so that it's
Whoa, look at this. It's very stately
These are a little distracting
But I'm tempted but I think these will these are too tall
These will stick way off the frame. I think I got to go with something more traditional unfortunately perfect
Yeah, but this one's gonna be too tough. It's gonna be too tall. It's gonna
It is tempting look how big it is it's from Rouge this
Stately in the front party in the back
Man, these are huge wigs. They're so big. All right
Well, now that I've seen the option to have a giant pink wig, but will it fit a
Big male head as an expert in women
I do know that a lot of wigs are essentially one size fits all that's why you just dragon
I'm what you if you're getting a nice wig and we're crumb. I didn't know you did ask you did ask
I didn't really I didn't ask you it's what you asked and
You would want to get a custom wig if you wanted to fit your head specifically if you're going cheap off Amazon
Is the best you can get and it will more or less fit? I
Didn't ask
But fine, we'll get a big pink wig fine. We'll get a big pink wig and
Then we'll finally do our history segment with a certain
guy
The guy redacted no the other one
The other one the other was just to sneak a certain character back in but looking less like a different guy
It's it's still be based on a certain guy though. I don't know are you based on a certain guy crumb? I
Don't think so
Okay, who are we raiding who do we raid?
Danny
Oh Steve I don't know see was streaming we can raid him next time
I'm assuming
Unless they're streaming something
Scary unless they're trying to scare me. Oh, they're fucking slamming that MTG
He's streaming magic
Gd I
Guess I guess I can cancel this but also check out Danny
We'll give Steve the raid the magic raid
Just know
Ben does not stand necessarily behind the political opinions of everyone at raids
But it does stand behind viewers and magic the gathering
And so we'll give Steve the raid
Um, all right everybody
Have a beautiful stream with Steve or whatever you're doing tonight. We'll be back on Friday with
Um, whatever we're doing then probably a rune yelling about
Things plus a bad song we'll be on docket on Friday
Uh say hi to Steve for me. It's just a case case raid
And um
We'll see you soon. Oh and the patreon's tomorrow if you are a patreon member
Which there's a decent chance you are on this particular stream
Case in a maid outfit. That's oh a new a new sub world. That's I have to buy a whole maid outfit
I would do it obviously but I gotta buy the whole thing
I guess I could set the goal high enough that it pays for the maid outfit
But then you guys are just paying me to wear it way and wait wear a maid outfit
a nude maid
That it's not an outfit
I'm assuming unless you count that
Spirit Halloween it's still like a 30 to 50 dollar maid outfit
A lube maid. All right, that's it. We're raiding away
Goodbye everyone
I sent the raid. Oh, you're still here. Yeah
I had a bunch of chicken skin fried chicken skin. Yeah
fried chicken skin
Yeah chicken skin that you're eating obviously