I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
A Nice was just about to text Case to complain about not receiving my regular hashtag content in my pig troth.
Not Case's brother said Case wasn't streaming, so I started learning juggling.
I can juggle two silk napkins now effortlessly. Jill says I must be gifted.
Five and ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's news it!
I'm Pepito!
We're in weird vision today.
Nyo, nyo, nyo.
I know I've been able to stream so little lately.
And it's the summer. It's supposed to be my time off. What the...
What the, huh? Hope everybody's having a lovely Thursday.
Tomorrow? I think I can be on without this going on.
Oh my god, the rare and circled appearance.
We're getting in circled.
One pediatrician.
Stanton, thank you for the 44 months.
Whoa, your reward.
One pediatrician who thinks chocolate milk is bad for babies.
Verse 30 babies who think chocolate milk is fine, actually.
Okay? That's great.
Oh god.
I'm going to shorten this to just pediatrician verse 30 chocolate milk babies.
Okay, and we're locked in more or less.
Oh, wait a minute.
I forgot to activate the hype train machine.
No.
Just a second.
I forgot how many widgets I have.
What the hell?
It's got a message that visualization is not supported on my system.
Which is new.
I thought I could visualize on this thing.
What fluid does the hype machine run on?
I just don't know.
Who's to say?
I couldn't even guess.
Hmm, the hype train's being weird today.
Oh well. I bet I can get ahold of them anyway.
Um, hype train, are you available?
It comes with the hype train's visualization.
Yeah, what's up with that?
What the absolute...
I don't know.
That's what you're always saying.
Sorry. You weren't working before?
Now I'm working better.
Sorry, I'm just warming up right now.
I'll be with you soon.
I'll be with you soon.
I probably don't have time to see her today.
Your Panther girlfriend?
I'm just so busy right now.
How are you busy?
Danny Phantasmic never recovered the Wicker UK...
Never covered the Wicker UK trailer.
Was that part of the request?
I don't know. I don't know what I'm talking about.
Get me a Danny Phantasmic type beat.
That's it. That guy's great.
Danny Phantasmic, people want.
I'm gonna have to talk to Danny Phantasmic again about trailers?
What's going on with the back of your head?
It's just not working right today.
The whole back of your head's not working right today?
Yeah, that's right.
Look, I got people to thank, Kase. I don't have time for this.
Yeah, I agree.
I agree with that.
Turn off your music, okay?
The only thing I can find is Danny Phantom type beats.
That's not what I asked for.
Oh, Danny Phantom looks kind of intense.
Uh, yes. I think so.
Yeah? Does he really love...
hype-drawn Danny Phantom now?
You're with Danny Phantom?
In the fucking cut.
Danny Phantom, you know that, he knows just what is up with ya.
He's a kid.
Adult Danny Phantom laughs.
What's up? I'm saying folianese.
But, uh, there's something I gotta wait.
Danny Phantom just looks slightly upset.
Okay? That was...
He paused it right when he was getting the horsey tattoo?
He's got a big horse tattoo on his face.
I missed that. I missed the whole show, though. I never saw Danny Phantom.
I never did either. I know the man.
Congrats.
So, um, what else are we doing today?
Well, we only have about 40 minutes left.
So...
Sort of depends how long you're around, hype train.
It was good?
That's what I've heard. I've only heard good things.
I've honestly heard very little about Danny Phantom.
I'm sorry that you're not cultured enough.
You've never seen this?
I've never seen this before.
It is?
Yes! It's a ghost show!
Okay.
The thing about ghosts is that they're see-through.
You can go right through, you know what to do?
You can stick your hand out.
It's gonna come right through your hand, you know?
What?
It's gonna come right through your hand, you know?
What is? Oh, my God.
I think it's for the best.
I didn't want to find out what was gonna come right through the hand
or where it was going with that.
I could ghost right for Riff Raff?
Maybe for his freestyles.
I have a similar approach to freestyling, possibly.
Although, Riff Raff's, honestly.
Come on, he's better.
Yeah, God, I love Riff Raff freestyles.
Back to the Phantom Zone with the hype train.
I agree. Thank you so much for the bits and subs.
In case he missed anyone, I think he got it.
But Stauntime Daggered on Twitch.
Skymer, Giggle Trash.
Thank you so much for the subs.
Apple Dapple, Giggle Trash.
Call me Aurelius. Thank you for the bits.
Let's get into it. We barely have any time today.
So sad.
Oh, late. I seem to be able to stream lately.
But that won't stop us from doing the news.
What the heck?
I'm in a little room. How did this happen?
Now, this is just ridiculous.
Fix this case.
Get this strange background away from me.
There we go.
Hello, everyone.
It's been way too long.
But I'm back.
It's Gianna Wettmichel.
I'm glad you remembered your name.
Why would I forget that case?
What's everybody talking about Danny Phantom for?
That little ingrate?
He said Danny Phantom is on the f-bar most wanted list.
Yes.
Not the public won the secret supernatural one.
Nobody should have the power to be Phantom.
I agree. It's dangerous.
You can't trust where they're going to go.
They might come through your walls.
While you're trying to just pee or poop.
Take a nude shower.
A nude shower? Yes.
It's not safe to have phantoms about.
They're little pee-pee freaks.
Case, make sure that it streams only lasts an hour.
I just have to work lately.
I was hoping to start at four to make sure my stream lasts two hours.
I'm anti-gout.
I think so.
I agree.
Most of the CNN correspondents are 80%.
They have their names right, too.
Well, look, maybe that's one thing you have over those places, okay?
But everything else is much worse here.
We'll go back to CNN then.
I never was there.
Oh, okay.
Oh, Kendall's back.
Hey, Kendall, you got a thing.
It's on the counter.
What's happening?
Sorry.
Why are you here?
You asked me to be here.
Oh, I did do that.
That was my mistake.
I mean, thank you for being here.
Okay, let's do the news while there's still time.
Is something wrong, probably?
Something?
It's serious news case.
Well, it's just the same...
We seem to be getting fed a lot of the same news, I guess, is how I would put it,
that there's a deal and then there's not a deal
and then there's a deal that sort of feels like they're trying to make it pointless to follow,
but I could be wrong.
You usually are.
Who's this?
Oh, Kendall's here, everybody.
Wait, there's too much music playing.
She's gone!
You couldn't see her because of the advanced tech we're using today.
She got in and out too fast.
Okay, are we talking about serious world events or not?
That's always the question and I would argue we almost never really do.
It should have...
Apparently, she just walked away.
Coming in, coming out.
Unrelated to the stories we're covering today, what I just said.
The Iran-Oman deal on Hormuz on the verge of being finalized.
Deputy FM says, a deal on the Strait of Hormuz between Iran and Iran
on the verge of being finalized.
This is courtesy of Dropsite News, which I don't believe in.
You don't believe in the news they report?
I don't trust the news they report, but I do love to read words.
Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister, Qasem Garababadi told Iran's RNA news agency on Thursday
saying that the two countries had come to an agreement on nearly all issues,
including the location of entry and exit routes for maritime traffic.
This is such a same.
That we're too scared to even go to war anymore.
He really did do that.
He did a gordita.
I think taco is what you're looking for.
I didn't misspeak.
That's the new acronym everyone's using.
Go only really if...
Wait, go only really down Iran to action.
You did not do a good job with that.
That's what people are saying in my political circles.
Trump always gorditas.
What would that even mean with the acronym you just said?
I don't have to...
It's not my job to explain things to you, Qasem.
Well, sort of it is.
To them is what...
Okay, look.
Point is, he said that there's a new model for managing traffic through the Strait.
They've all agreed to it.
I've been against not having war for a long time.
I say, you know, anything that's worth having, you have to let people die for.
And we used to live up to those ideals we don't anymore.
But I guess I'm taking crazy pills now,
because I'm the only one talking this way.
Except for everybody on TV.
Fair enough.
What else?
Iran condemned the U.S. breach of promises,
claims the U.S. ready to return MOU commitments.
Garbadi also discussed Iran's view of the U.S. on Thursday,
saying that Iran distrusts the U.S.
for its breach of promises and commitments
under the Islamabad memorandum of understanding.
And it's Islamabad's memorandum, apparently.
I'm starting to remember why I don't really have you on very often.
Because you can't handle it?
Yes, yeah, exactly.
Oh, my gosh.
That's so good.
Yeah.
You want to show the world?
The whole world?
Got a new dress.
But it's going to be kind of in ghost mode.
Yeah.
Oh, she's disappearing.
Oh!
The dress doesn't disappear like this.
I like it.
I like it.
He does hate that poor lady needs to run away while she still can,
because he can't handle this.
She looks great.
I didn't say anything about that.
It's not all about looks, Kase.
I didn't say it was.
That's the vibe I'm getting.
The vibe that I'm reading is that Garh Babaldi,
I'm saying it.
I might have said it wrong, but, you know,
claimed that Iran had received messages that the U.S.
was fully prepared to return to its commitments
under the June memorandum, including
the immediate cessation of military operations.
Trump and Vance also have talked to Iran negotiations
as the president and vice president
publicly addressed the state of the negotiation with Iran
on Thursday.
Speaking in Las Vegas, Trump said he'd rather make a deal with Iran
because he doesn't want to kill people.
Does this country stand for anything anymore?
I don't really disagree with that part.
I don't think he means it.
He doesn't mean anything.
He didn't mean it when he said he wanted to
and now he's not going to.
So sad.
Has the president reached a deal with Cheetos
for their tanning dust?
That's what I like to hear.
That's the fight that we need to bring
to the next election cycle,
specifically against Trump and no one else.
Okay.
We're also out of missiles.
Apparently that is also part of it.
I didn't read that.
Where did you hear that?
Various other reports that we're
completely out of interceptors.
But granted, we still have plenty of military stuff,
but the stuff we see would want to use against Iran
we are a little light on.
Am I going ultra-instinct?
Yeah, that's why I've got an extra aura today.
I'm leaving shadow versions of myself wherever I go.
The only thing DJT is killing is his clean pants.
Okay.
Can we leave the age as I'm out of it?
No, we can't.
Why would we leave that out of it
when it comes to the president?
I've been against this for the last
ever, okay?
We gotta leave the isms at the door.
Except for true isms.
Like we gotta fight for what we believe in.
This is great.
This is great.
I'm glad we're doing the news today.
What else?
Trump confronted war secretary Pete Hegseth
during a cabinet meeting at Camp David last week
demanding to know why he had apparently been
misled about severe U.S. munitions shortages
according to the Washington Post.
Trump reportedly said he believed the issue had been fixed.
The shortages, particularly of the long-range
guided missiles and air defense interceptors,
have been one reason Trump has held back
from authorizing additional large-scale strikes
on Iran in recent days.
One source told the outlet.
Which outlet? Which source?
Well, they try not to share confidential
sources, I think.
Trump toes. Twisted.
Trump toes. Pause.
What? I don't know.
Okay, so that's, I guess,
look, the war news is,
supposedly there's a deal.
We continue to be running low on munitions.
I could, of course, as I always imagine them
rescinding on this particular pause
of violence if they've even paused.
I believe Israel is also continuing
incursions into Lebanon,
trying to ramp things up there to keep the
war perpetually
teetering on always being on.
As long as, you know, the people in power
continue to be in power, I don't think we're going to be
in any meaningful piece anytime soon,
but maybe the harsh reality of our
general incompetence and shrinking global authority
will force them to back down.
I think eventually that will happen.
I just, it's hard to tell when exactly
that realization will fully hit the current
administration or any administration, so...
That's all you got? Facial expressions?
That's literally all I have. Pathetic.
The US redirects 48 vessels.
Okay, we've read enough about this.
I'm putting an embargo on war news.
All right, I'm not letting any war news through this dream.
You've blocked this dream?
For war news, there's got to be something else.
Um...
Yemen? That's going to be more war news.
Unfortunately.
Palestine? That's going to be more war news.
Yes, it turns out there's a lot of violence
globally right now that we're really involved in.
Um, what about Fauci?
Isn't he in trouble? Can we talk about that?
Um...
I have not kept up with whatever the Fauci
trial is
at all.
I thought like all Americans we'd agreed to pretend that
COVID never happened.
I thought we moved past this
into the realm of beautiful forgetting.
But maybe not.
Um...
Okay, I guess there is...
I guess there is Fauci news.
Congress finally held someone in contempt.
And it's him?
Our beautiful Fauci?
People obviously have stronger opinions about Fauci.
I just never really kept up
with all the Fauci news, so I really don't know.
I'm certainly willing to believe anybody
with power is a total piece of shit, so...
That could be what's going on, but I guess let's read about it.
Senate Committee votes to hold Anthony Fauci in contempt.
A Senate Committee voted 8-7 Thursday
to hold Anthony Fauci, the former director
of the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases,
in contempt of Congress.
During a hearing last week, before the
Government Affairs Committee chaired by Senator Rand Paul,
Fauci repeatedly invoked his Fifth Amendment
right in decline to answer questions.
Paul said he would refer the matter to the Justice Department
for potential prosecution.
Currently, three state attorney generals led by Florida A.J. James
ooth mirror announced on Wednesday that they were
subpoenaing Fauci over allegations that he profited
from the recommendations he gave during COVID-19.
You imagine a government official profiting
end of statement.
Ha ha!
I mean, not a joke really at all in any way.
Who knew pleading the Fifth would get contempt filings?
They're selective on the people that get it.
I mean, my passing out of standing of Anthony Fauci
does seem to be pretty egotistical and
I think there were definitely some missteps
in how he handled being at the head of the rollout
of COVID precautions.
However, the countervailing forces against him were so much
dumber that it was hard not to root
essentially for him, for me at least.
Even if I think some of the things he did
and said and maybe even some things he's lied about
are kind of awful too.
It's hard to find, you know, a side to root for
in our current political environment.
You know, other than maybe certain news out of Michigan
just trying to get somebody to disprove
just upon scientific facts.
Using your position to gain money can't be
against the law under Trump.
I'm trying to decide who to attack here.
Oh, you're letting us know.
I'm gonna just pass on this one.
I'm taking a pass.
Okay, that's fine.
You know what, let's pass all the way to chat news.
Yeah, maybe someday I'll look into like the...
He had like a diary leak, Fauci, that seemed to have
some pretty condemning passages in it
or maybe there were some implications even that he
didn't entirely believe he was accurately...
What he was stating as the source of the COVID pandemic,
there seemed to be some stuff in his diary
that maybe contradicted that slightly.
I'm honestly not gonna talk about it unless I research it
and I just...
I don't think Anthony Fauci is really like target number one
in the current politics of our day.
But for some people, I guess it's still somehow is.
Anyway, what else we got?
Good hair day or brand new rug?
This is Trump currently?
Wait, what?
Oh, I thought this was like old SNL footage or something.
Man, he really does the bear pod dance every chance he gets.
He mostly runs his diary about how much he loved Lubechef.
That's, you know what I take it all back.
He's being, it's a witch hunt.
President Trump showed up in Las Vegas
with a little something extra up top.
And now people are wondering if Pottis was sporting a wig.
No.
Trump?
You're anti-Trump, that's right.
I'm pro America.
That's what I am.
And I don't believe that he is.
The wind has been exposing Trump's biggest weakness
for nearly a decade.
As Trump walked toward Air Force One,
a gust of wind caught his signature comb over,
lifting it into the air as he tapped his leg
and hurried toward the plane.
It's not the first time.
He did tap it.
Back in 2018, another windy walk to Air Force One
exposed his comb over in one of the most viral moments
of his presidency.
Trump has since changed his hairstyle.
The swoop is shorter, the hair is trimmed differently,
and it doesn't wrap around his head the way it once did.
We got his ass.
We finally got him.
That's gonna take him down.
Everybody, the emperor has no hair.
And we've all seen it now.
And good luck.
I don't remember that even.
Everybody knows he has shitty hair.
Your dad did that cut from 1988 to 2011.
I think for a lot of Trump's base,
probably that hair just makes him more relatable.
Whataballer.
Everything he does that is embarrassing and shitty
is on some level appealing to people
that just want to get away with doing embarrassing
and shitty things all the time
and still being in charge
or having tons of power or being worshipped.
Eldrick, thank you so much for the 45 months.
When your appeal is just being a huge piece of shit
incredibly publicly,
I don't know, it's really hard to make missteps,
it turns out.
In other news, AI is now creating viruses.
Ah, so we could get another COVID going even faster, maybe.
Maybe it created the less one too.
Probably not.
Donald Trump has signed orders
targeting birthright citizenship.
This is current news.
Other, more orders?
More orders doing that.
We had a very unfortunate decision
in the Supreme Court concerning birthright.
It was close, but very, very unfortunate decision
so we're making adjustments
because it's very unfair to him.
But I gotta say, immigration is a complicated subject,
so we might not have time
to really get into the nuances here.
You're trying to hedge
towards a conservative view of immigration.
Well, look, we do need strong borders.
Okay, but it's people in the borders already,
I think, is who he's targeting.
The actual citizens?
I mean, moving on, look at this.
Lollapalooza fans slam for Diabolical Act
passing a legend pee bag through the crowd.
And now you're against deportation?
Well, look, maybe they're responsibly passing their piss bag.
People who lie will awaken
by thinking about their most embarrassing moments.
Trump, I have to imagine you would.
They're like, he does.
Didn't do that?
He does do that?
I don't think Trump's...
I don't think Trump thinks.
I think he's Mark Andreessening it.
Zero introspection.
I think that's his true superpower.
Well, look, the superpower of these frickin' kids
with their piss bags is that a viral video
has emerged of Lollapalooza attendees
passing around an alleged pee bag.
Okay, where's the piss video?
Where's the pee video case?
It doesn't seem to be linked here.
That's unfortunate.
Can I show piss bags on Twitch?
Is it a TOS violation to show people passing piss around?
Lollapalooza.
Oh my God, I spelled it right first try.
Pee.
Here's the video.
Yeah, you know.
Lollapalooza.
Lollapalooza.
Yeah, Chicago, that's the one.
I should know that I was there for like 11 years.
But I always get Lollapalooza confused
with other music festivals.
But yes, this is from my beloved Chicago, everyone.
And look at the cooperation you get in the Windy City.
It's cheatering.
Where's it gonna go?
That's the problem with the DSA.
That's not the DSA.
That's Lollapalooza.
They think cooperation will solve everything.
Can't even get a piss bag out of a crowd.
It's a concert.
Yeah, that's just Lake Michigan water.
They just scooped Lake Michigan water into a bag
and were just passing it around the crowd.
It comes out a little yellow sometimes.
You know what, the green dye from St. Patrick's Day,
once it circulates enough, it becomes yellow unfortunately.
Can you not just hold onto your piss bag
for the length of a concert?
Why are you peeing in a bag?
Because, you know, you're in the middle of a big crowd.
Just camel pack your piss.
Have a camel pack that runs into your urethra.
Problem solved.
And this is probably why you don't go to concerts.
Because I don't think you really get how they work.
It's true, I haven't been in concert in quite a while, so.
Consider that with my advice, I guess.
Biohacker Brian Johnson is keeping his girlfriend's menstrual blood
in his freezer.
And we're wishing him a speedy recovery.
Because he's dying or something?
Or is he dying or living forever?
I can't remember where we last left off, but I think dying?
Well, he'll die a rich man, rich in menstrual blood
as the tech entrepreneur Brian Johnson has devoted his life to dodging death.
The 48-year-old is obsessed with becoming the healthiest person in the world
and is on a quixotic quest to reverse his biological age and live forever.
As such, Johnson is disciplined about what he eats,
takes dozens of supplements a day,
and measures every single biomarkable, a biomarker possible,
boasting that he is certainly the most biologically measured person ever.
What's he doing with the period blood? Get to it.
Uh...
Okay, his girlfriend's menstrual blood, he's collecting it.
On Thursday, Johnson, a chronic overshare,
posted a photo with his 30-year-old girlfriend with the caption,
This is just a tweet.
They read a whole story with a tweet.
That's the news now.
Anyway, let's look at the tweet.
Kate's period blood is in my freezer.
Around 10 milliliters.
That's the whole tweet.
That's it? That's the whole tweet.
Yep.
That's all he had for us.
Oh, no, he has a follow-up here, actually.
Ahem.
Menstrual blood is a valuable and underutilized, uh...
thing.
We collected two. Look for disease tissue.
Measure microplastics.
Measure endocrine disruptors.
Measure PFAS.
It's a non-invasive look into the uterus.
I missed the days when it was a little more invasive, frankly.
Hard to find a man that will invade your uterus nowadays.
Um, I'm not gonna...
I'm gonna move on, actually,
from this whole story because of what you just said.
Uh, let's see. What else?
Andreessen Horowitz,
partner boast that the company's new tech
can fabricate fake history
like in 1984.
Text-to-video AI generation.
Tools have come a long way.
Thanks to major leaps in the tech,
these tools can now generate photorealistic
fake footage at the drop of a hat.
And it's creating disinformation.
Is this... this is a current story?
What will computers be able to do in the future?
They'll probably do our homework.
Maybe they'll make movies for us.
I think we'll just tell them what to do.
It's over. Pack it in, folks.
It's fucking done.
What is done?
It's fucking over.
Can you imagine how much... how impossible
it's gonna be
to do what?
To believe in anything?
Uh, well, I think that was an issue leading up to...
I think that pretty much our brains had been melted away
from believing in almost anything.
Pre-AI?
I think the COVID epidemic kind of sealed that
for us already, so...
I mean, it's not good, but is it...
is it really that much worse?
Anybody can make that type of video now.
Anyone in the whole world.
And for what?
I can't help it if you don't have an imagination case.
Oh, even a wolf? Even a wolf could...
jam their paws into a keyboard, and who knows?
Who knows what kind of wolf information they'd be putting in there
that it's good to sniff each other's assholes
and sleep in one another's piss to promote bonding or whatever.
Only one of those things is true.
Yeah, I just mean, you know, it's...
In the cooked media environment we currently exist in,
where actual news channels constantly do disinformation,
not ours, obviously.
I just don't... I don't know, I don't know if 20-second videos
that look like they're from the 80s are going to do that much more damage.
You know, maybe we should have just stopped as soon
as they made Stephen Hawking do half-pipes.
Maybe we could have just said, you know what?
This is the best AI is ever going to be. We could have just stopped.
But unfortunately, so far not the move.
Anything is possible with Neuralink.
Agreed. Pretty sure you're just going to have to think it,
and then there's going to be a video from the 80s
on a computer and all of this because you thought it.
Okay, but what...
What is the fear there exactly?
Misinformation.
Well, how is it worse or... You know what? Let's move on.
Spider-Man brand new day,
screening evacuated after powerful farts clear out theater.
Is there a video of this?
Is there a video of the stampede created by the fart?
Because that I would be able to measure the effectiveness
and the power of the fart based on the speed of the stampede.
I mean, it's an impressive feat.
Because we've all dealt with the theater fart, I'm assuming.
And usually I think we just tough it out because, you know,
we want to watch Twilight, New Dawn or whatever.
That's the last time you experience a theater fart?
I'm not sure if I even did. I'm just saying maybe that would be
where you'd experience one.
Ben Hooper needs to be on the ground with the story.
We could use his expertise.
We could use his visceral storytelling.
I'm hoping this Fox News video, or sorry,
this NBC News video doesn't feature
exactly what this headline is, but let's just go into it.
Blind.
A new restaurant experience is stripping away,
emphasis on stripping away the traditional meaning of fine dining.
A five course meal is on the menu, but clothes are not.
Sweaty nude bodies, everybody.
Jeff, give us the naked truth.
Hey there guys, I guess this gives new meaning to,
I just don't know what to wear when I go out tonight.
In about 90 minutes from now, customers will go inside
this front door right here into this steakhouse
for a unique dining experience.
Naked dining, and it's legal.
Where is it?
And it's legal.
The fillets are fully dressed.
Let's do a new dinner.
The diners, not so much.
They disrobed pretty much here.
Class Suarez Steakhouse is the talk of the town,
and social media not just because of the menu,
but for what's not on it.
The customers that is, clothes, none.
Is it choosing socks off first, or how does it work?
Well, we have a bathroom here.
Bren Ali is the chef and owner.
He came up with the once a month concept to get new business
to generate some buzz.
And Chef Ali says, there is a market for this.
And if you're saying, what, are you kidding me?
What do you want to say?
That's what I was saying.
You say that.
Please allow people to express themselves at our place.
Legal will go there.
I wasn't coming for the idea.
You find yourself staring at people.
And anyway.
Not at all.
Tonight, the chef expects about 20 people, men, women,
some single, some not.
All nude.
Nude.
Toshiba Hart is your hostess.
It's more so of a gathering to get to know people,
new people in the city, in the lifestyle.
Okay.
Are you cooking the nude ever?
Me?
No.
No.
No.
That would be fucking gross.
You freak.
Touchy feely stuff going on.
It would be a little gross.
Somebody gets friendly.
What's the story?
That's French for no.
Let's run that remix back.
What's the story?
That's French for no.
That's what the chef says, that no funny business goes on.
We did check with the city.
All of this, by the way, is perfectly legal for a couple
of reasons really quick.
Number one, the staff has to keep their clothes on.
Okay.
All of the customers can be naked.
And number two, all of the windows here, you can't see
in or out.
So there's no peeping to Jeff Dodarian, local ten nude.
Okay, Jeff, wait.
We started glitching out there.
The interaction when you said, do you cook in the nude
was no, no, no, no, no.
But so then why do a restaurant in the nude?
He says, look, he's just trying to accommodate people
that, you know, come in and spend money.
He says, look, running a restaurant is tough.
He needs to find new ways to get...
I like how many squares there are on screen right now.
He says his restaurant is clean following all the...
This is a square based stream.
As soon as they go through that front door, Nicole,
they start taking their clothes off right away
before the appetizer is even served.
Wow.
There you go.
Fucking disgusting.
Around the restaurant.
What is happening to this country?
The hate shock and Peter, all of Peter.
I don't even know what the fricking question was.
Oh yeah, we didn't read it.
It was kind of little.
Wait, what was it?
Who from the cream team would you go to with this restaurant?
Peter?
Peter was the winner?
Was I on the list?
Obviously you'd want to go with me.
What?
I don't think I need to...
I don't think I need to know personally.
Not that I expect you to want to know either.
I'd go.
I think it's fucking disgusting.
But I guess if there was an invite.
I mean, I'm not afraid.
I wasn't accusing you of anything.
I'm saying it's fucking gross.
It shouldn't be legal.
But if it is,
it used to stop me.
What is Kendall watching?
I don't know.
I do hear her as well.
And I think she's okay.
My guess is she's playing a game.
Because usually she only screams as much
when playing a game.
Kendall, what are you watching?
What are you watching?
I'm here to tell you when you're done streaming
download BigWog.
We'll play him right now.
They're playing BigWog.
Without me?
Why'd you start without me?
I couldn't wait.
I was trying to play all last night.
She wouldn't do it.
I'm sorry.
This fucking sucks.
Do you like my eye shadow?
I don't like anything right now.
I don't like anything at all.
Is that fucking ugly?
I think you look like the kind of person
who didn't play BigWog with me first.
You can play BigWog right now.
I have to do the stream with Casim.
It's hopeless for me.
I've been brutally betrayed.
I'm sorry.
What?
No, I'm just sad that I won't get to see what it's like.
You're going to already be doing all the stuff.
It's a big place.
Yeah, but you're going to have already gotten through all.
You're going to have figured all of it out.
I'm being very reasonable.
This is a reasonable reaction.
Why are you even fucking talking about?
It's BigWog.
You only get one first impression, okay?
They're going to have already solved several of the puzzles.
It's a full betrayal.
For anybody who's wanting this new game,
it's called BigWog.
And it seems to be, it looks cute.
Not BigWog.
It's not like an expansion of that cooking game.
Hopefully she feels horribly guilty.
That's obviously, whenever you have a partner,
you do want to make them feel guilty if they do anything.
That remotely bothers you.
Friend slap?
I've heard this is more like
friend gourmet, personally.
It's just more friend slap, but decent friend slap.
I've heard it's just particularly good friend slap.
Kendall and I are big friend slap gamers.
Should I only have five minutes till I got out of the stream?
I don't know if I can do any segments, actually.
I guess tomorrow we'll put a hold on segment requests
and we'll get through all these.
Because that's like an hour's worth of them.
And that's my bad, everybody.
Untitled Goose Game Devs.
Here's a, Livensley has a clip for us.
Oh, this is the Wicker trailer.
Okay, we'll watch this with Danny Phantasmic.
Real quick, can you get out of here?
You know what? With pleasure.
I've been on the stream for months and this is the reception I got.
I don't even get invited to play whatever BigWog is.
Nobody wants to see me nude.
I guess I'll just pass.
Okay, bye, thanks. Thanks for being here.
Um, alright.
Can I find Mr. Phantasmic again?
Um, how did I find Mr. Phantasmic last time?
And do I even have time?
Let's kick each other's shit into the ocean.
Alright.
Alright, let's fucking go, you boy Danny Phantasmic.
Just remember I have an overactive tongue and it fills up my whole mouth.
Uh, that's your, I forgot, I remembered now that that's your deal.
It's not my deal, it's just a part of who I am.
Alright, big request today to watch Wicked Trello.
And I'll say let's fucking do it, let's be stars together.
Let's all fucking live our lives, everybody.
Hello!
Whatever country! Where are we?
You're in Los Angeles.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I fucking passed out.
I thought I was in, like, Oh Lord, I was in Brisbane.
I don't know how that's possible.
Me either, man, I don't fucking know.
Alright, let's see, Wicked.
Um, oh Wicker.
I thought you wanted to watch the green lady fly around on a broom.
Jokes on me, it's the Wicker Trello.
There's two of them.
We'll go with the one with more views.
Alright, alright, alright, alright.
This is Wicker.
For some reason they want my reaction to this?
Yes, be sure to react to this.
Alright, let's do a react.
We're needing you, who can smell your coming.
So then, Fisherwoman, you caught yourself a lover yet?
Love seems more bird than a prize.
Alright, that's my reaction so far.
Who's my monsters?
There's absolutely no shame in living out your remaining days alone.
Alright.
I'll marry ya.
Hello.
I want you to meet me at this place.
Asap, I can go.
Alright.
Be at the chapel in a month.
Good.
My gift is my craft.
Man's work is greater than the man himself.
Here you go.
Especially this.
I am here to marry you.
Hey, look at this guy.
It's against the gods, isn't it?
To marry a tree.
Does he have all the bits to him?
I heard that he's strong as a tree and just as hard.
He's wicker.
You've got some sort of scheme going with the natural world here.
Well, with that nation damage though, I'm merely augment.
The bird is broken.
I will fix it.
You know, you've made quite an impression.
The wives, they're all a flatter.
I don't blame her. I climb that.
Cos I'm not sure that the fisherman and her companion
is good for the village.
You are the reason I live and breathe.
It's not natural. Men are not like that.
Fuck off.
Fuck off.
Is someone being murdered?
This whole village has become thoroughly debauched.
Everybody's fucking the wicked girls.
You've been bit by a chicken.
Let's dig in.
Fuck my wife!
Pardon my arse.
I think you'll be pleased, Fisherwoman.
Pleased indeed.
My timber knight, my wavy ox.
My soft-bodied female.
Animal.
I'm like any movie about fucking wives.
There's almost none.
I think that happens in plenty of movies.
Yeah, but it's very few about the subject.
And it's a big subject.
A lot of wives that need to be fucked.
Great. Thanks for your analysis, Danny Fantasmic.
I'm just here for the ladies, alright?
Not me personally.
I'm saying it's nice to see you're meditating.
I aimed at the wives.
And then we get fucked.
It's a beautiful thing.
Great.
He disagreed.
I don't...
I'm not...
Nope.
Best picture in arm at least.
He's a big guy.
The only real question is the logistics.
If he's made out of wicker, is it like bad to put inside you?
Because isn't it kind of ridged up and...
The mechanics of it worry me slightly.
But if she's getting off with it,
I don't know.
She's good to go.
Teeth sucking is a great way to end an argument.
I didn't...
I think it looks fun.
My takeaway just isn't that it's about wife fucking.
It seems to be largely about that.
Maybe you were paying attention.
It's probably about more than that.
I don't think so.
Okay.
Well, we learned a lot today, but I guess it's time to raid somebody.
Alright, get me some fucking ride music then.
I literally don't think we have time for that.
Let's just see who's on...
Do you think his penis is like a reverse finger trap situation?
I think they just had to do some really delicate wicker work with that part of him.
And then it should be good to go.
Let's raid...
Steeeldo.
Oh, Slater's on.
Okay, well, we haven't raided them in a while.
Let's go for that.
Adam Kessler.
I guess we'll do it next time.
The wicker needs to be lubed.
Well, that's just...
You know, just always have some of that around.
It's way more than just that.
Yeah, come on.
It's about at least a little more than that.
Great.
Thanks for hanging out, everybody.
Sorry it was such a short one.
We will be...
It should be actually be able to be on tomorrow.
I should be able to be on tomorrow for a normal amount of time.
You know, I'm going out of town more than usual this summer,
and it is leading to some backlogs in the workload, so...
The stream will survive.
Don't worry.
Let's head over to the Patreon, though.
That's where I'll be in case you're subscribed to that.
I'll be there with Cass in just a few minutes.
If not, I'll see you tomorrow, everybody.
Friday stream.
Bye-bye.
I'll be fucking hanging out here.
Just leave it running for me.
Don't end the stream, Kess.
I have to end it when I go.
It's fucking weird.
Just let me do it.
Oh, he's really going to end it.
What a fucking waste.
All right, then.
Bye-bye.
I could have done all sorts of stuff, but I guess...