Case black will set this thing on
Hello everybody you may hear Kendall in the background lightly discussing turbo tax
That's just part of the news today
Good to see everybody
I
Msg Greg to you so breechy propaganda side tricks Jane money
Apple Dapel
Propaganda the saying it again breechy live is easy the master mods good to see you all
It's still golden case the jacket is holding on
for now
We'll see how long it lasts
You don't like the jacket
I'm kind of on the record is not loving this golden jacket
Everybody else
You just want to eat it. Yeah, I've started and soon all of you in the mall and then you can get a new one. Oh great
Golden era been
We'll see how long it lasts every day I put the jacket on really aggressively in the hopes that maybe it explodes
But for now it hasn't
Thank you for all the views and bits yesterday. I might have missed uncle Phil at the end there
Thanks for the hundred and thanks to Gina for the shout out
You do have to eat them all it's shiny you just want to put shiny things in your mouth. I kind of get it
Also, we need to sing you to sing a song
I just noticed we hit that courtesy of this very kind
Resub for eight months from John Michael. You need to sing food now. Oh, yeah, my classic song
That classic track that I wrote. Yeah food now. Yeah, but we might have to do it tomorrow
I don't have much time today because the patreon is at six. It's gonna be a quick little stream today
So we may as well get into it
115 stream streak from reverie wolf. I can't believe I even stream that much. Thank you so much
For the incredible streak reverie
What the big 115?
Food now in the style of van halen's right now
Sure
That makes sense
It will be a brief
Stream MSG
Let's see what's going on in the world. There's a debate. We already talked about it by watching all of it
Maybe there's been some other news about it. Let's see what's happening. It's news time
What's up everybody?
It's your boy. It's the number one chat and other number one and other name categories as well
Based on polling data, but polling data my polls data
You're not gone for very long. You're on almost every stream
That's true. You got the main character in the building. You got a fall DMC, dude
Sure, did you watch the debate chat? No, that's actually fair. Yeah, I you didn't have to all right, so I didn't
Was it good? No, but you know
It wasn't the worst it wasn't
Was it as bad as the last no it wasn't as bad as the last one
Was the last one bad? Hmm. That's an ethical question
Was it bad that the last debate got by not of the stream? I'll leave that for other people to decide
Shit was the smart one. Yeah, I use I'm a skiantist now
Appraise the sky into the situation. I said no need the last one was depressing who won
The winner is the American people we get to and we decide the winner and when we decide together
There's never a loser somebody loses every election
But in a sense through the power of democracy all of us are winners
Well, it's nearly 50-50 and this gets super split. So oh half the country feels like they lost
Well, anyway, what kind of stuff happened?
Hmm
See if there's this is a nine minute highlight. She doesn't have a place
I don't know if I can stomach nine more minutes of this. We did put ourselves through two hours of it last night
Let's skip around and for anybody who missed it
And you can check the highlights in my opinion. There's only one highlight that you've got to see but you've probably already seen it at this point
Anyway, let's check out a couple highlights
A plan she copied biden's plan and it's like four sentences like run spot run
Four sentences that are just oh, we'll try and lower taxes
Wait, is did she bear it did she whittle it down to four sentences because that's the kind of platform
I can get behind the kind that I can read in about five or six minutes
It takes you four five or six minutes to read four sentences
Has that not been clear this entire time you've been streaming case
I'm just saying does he think he's insulting her here because that sounds pretty sick
She doesn't have a plan. Take a look at her plan. She doesn't have a plan
I believe in the ambition which is the aspirations or no plans of the american people
And that is why I imagine and have actually a plan to build what I call an opportunity economy
Because here's the thing case. Which is it is there no planner is there a plan?
I watched the whole debate and um
I can't tell if either of them has an actual plan, but they did both say the word plan a lot
Anyway, she's explaining her plan right now. It's an opportunity based plan
Including metrics around plan. Whoa the plan metric. I'm into that
We know that we have a shortage of homes and housing and the cost of housing is too expensive far too many people
We know that young families need support
To raise their children and I intend on extending a tax cut for those families of $6,000
Which is the largest child tax credit that we have given in a long time
Iponen on the other hand his plan is to do what he has done before
Which is to provide a tax cut for billionaires. Yeah, he does a country buster. It breaks up countries
We have inflation like very few people have ever seen before probably the worst in our nation's history
We were and we hardly make chips anymore because of
Philosophies like this has come up previously does our country still make chips? Do we only make pringles?
And do those count as chips? I don't know if we make pringles
Well, shit. I guess he's got a point thing. Well, he does mean like computer chips
Well chips don't need to eat a bunch of empty carbs. They need kilobits to bite
Just okay
Like they have and policies like they have I don't say her because she has no policy
Everything that she believed three years ago and four years ago is out the window
She's going to my philosophy now. In fact, I was going to send her a mega hat. She's gone to my philosophy
Oh, shit. He's offering to give her a free hat. That's kind of nice. All right. What else has he got with policy?
That's insane almost policy that you'd say they have to hate our country
Well, as I said, you're gonna hear a bunch of lies and that's not actually a surprising fact
Let's understand how we got here
Donald trump
Hand selected three members of the united states supreme court with the intention that they would undo
protections of rovey wade
Oh, they did do that they did exactly as he intended and now in over 20 states
There are trump abortion bans
Which make it
criminal
For a doctor or nurse to provide health care in one state. It provides prison for life
Trump abortion bans that make no exception even for rape and incest which understand what that means
Look they have another little
They recorded their own little mouse here. Oh, whoever made this recorded their own little mouse
So she started making the point that
His party is responsible for the abortion ban, which has been disastrous for millions of women across the nation
Yeah, she did actually that was one of her better points. She did make that point
Sort of scrolling to what I would argue is the main point. I'm assuming they're about to get to it
The point that most people took away and when we get there
I think you'll know what president is if he didn't make it clear already
Just ask people who have worked with him
His former chief of staff of forest our general has said he has contempt for the constitution of the united states
His former national security advisor has said he is dangerous and unfit
Anybody having to do with afghanistan and the taliban and the third
Rails I probably took a bullet to the head because of the things that they say about me. They talk about
Democracy i'm a threat to democracy
They're really not going to put the clip I'm looking for any president for the fake russia russia russia investigation
What clip are you looking for? Well, all this i'll pull it up more directly
There's no way that this i mean sure this is clipped on twitter at least
In fact, i'll just go straight to i'll go straight to twitter
You don't believe he was shot
Well, I mean, you know
He was he was pierced
He was ear pierced by something
Probably
Probably maybe a bullet
It's honestly kind of maybe it could be hard on twitter to find the original clip that i'm looking for
And seeing as it's been like chopped and screwed basically 80 times by now
But maybe I can
Madam vice president want to get your response to president trump
Well, as I said, you're gonna hear a bunch of lies and that's not actually the government and donald trump
Sir
It relates to my values. Let me tell you I grew up a middle class
It relates to my values. Let me tell you 400 million dollars on a
What what are we looking for exactly damn it none of this features the thing you're looking for
Shock that this is so hard for me to find
Okay, fine. Well, let's listen to a remix version of it of it then spring field
They're eating the dogs the people that came in they're eating the cats. They're eating
They're eating the pets of the people that live there
Sort of the mario paint version of that let's see what this guy's got eating the cats
They're eating the dogs the people that came in they're eating the cats. They're eating
They're eating the pets of the people that live there and this is what's happening in our country
They're eating the pets of the people that live there and this is what
I feel like we used to have stronger uh
Auto tune the news kind of stuff in the past maybe
Oh god here are the dogs
Needs more dog
There's the visual proof that everyone was talking about that's the city inspector right there
tasting dog case
They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Oh, here's a dog in absorbing this news
To say for a city manager my dog was taken and used for food
So maybe he said that and maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager
I'm not taking this from television. I'm taking it from the city manager dog was eaten by the people that went there
Again, the springfield city manager says there's no evidence of that vice president Harris
I'll let you respond to the rest of what you've heard. Oh, no
Another dog has disappeared. Oh wait there he is. Oh man
This is why these debates have consequences. We're scaring our animals
The fireworks of their rhetoric are sending the dogs behind the couch hot papito
Papito kind of wants to eat himself. So papito is sort of on board for this
Papito believes in eating the dogs
Damn it. I forgot that papito will else is basically a cannibal
Well only for himself. I mean he would probably if there was some dog laying on the floor
That looked edible. I think papito would eat dog meat. That's very slanderous if you to say case
I think he'd admit it
Hashtag hot papito. Maybe hot papito from himself. I guess god damn
Well, what are the pundits have to say?
The nation's finest pundit such as elan musk
Says fine tailor you win. I will give you a child and guard your cats with my life
What did that have to do with the debate?
Somehow that was his response
Taylor Swift endorsing
Kamala which also happened yesterday
Um, but it did come after the debate
I'm not it feels like maybe he's trying to coalesce a few ideas there into one
But it just came out as I want to have sex with Taylor Swift
I'm trying to break this down. I'm trying to apply my analysis to why elan musk would post this
Fine tailor you win
I will give you a child and guard your cats with my life
So he's trying to try to go with the cat lady theme. Yes
Although I think it's extremely likely that she'll probably have kids at some point
Swift signed off her endorsement with child as cat lady
Okay
So it makes sense that he's saying I will impregnate her
Yeah, now that I know that it makes
It actually makes a ton of sense
It does make it slightly more sense I guess to be fair
But maybe less of more sense than one might think where's Taylor Swift's endorsement
Endorsed live off of Instagram. I'm assuming
Oh, shit. I can't
How did all of these fucking stories mention it, but they don't just show the instagram post. Oh here it is. Okay
Let's read this. This is a momentous day
Power me up case. It's time to spread the word the great gospel from our
billionaire queen that definitely cares about politics
like
Like many of you
This sounds crazy
Try this again like many of you
I watched the debate tonight
If you haven't already now is a great time to do your research on the issues at hand
This music is too loud to do your research on the issues at hand
And the stances these candidates take on the topics that matter to you the most as a voter
I make sure to watch and read everything I can about the proposed policies and plans for this country
You think you think were there any policy was that what happened last night policies and plans?
Well, the great independent voter of this nation is constantly talking about how they're just gonna have to do their own research
To figure out who they want to vote for
You know, which I of course have sympathy for as someone who has to google things a lot
Sometimes you just can't get the lay of the land until you've googled
What do republicans do or what do democrats do?
And once you resolve those things for yourself, of course, it's a very intricate and careful decision
You have to make and that's what taylor is referencing here. Oh, okay. Cool. What she's saying is very smart actually got it
Let's keep going
Recently I was made aware that a of me falsely endorsing trump's presidential run was posted to his site
It really conjured up my fears
around
AI and the dangers of spreading misinformation
I've seen AI make her do other stuff too
It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual payout plans for this election as a voter
Simplest way to combat misinformation is with your truth
I will be casting my vote for donald j trump and tim waltz
No, no, no, she's not she said the opposite. Oh because that wouldn't make sense. Can you split the ticket like that?
Why did you read kamala harris's donald j trump? I have come out of harris blindness
Unfortunately, my brain has a very tight specific type of dipslexia
Dipslexia it's I used to I dip for too long as a kid and it messed with my reading comprehension
And so I actually see kamala harris is donald j trump
I should have seen that coming I guess
Anyway to continue
Hmm
I'll be voting for kamala harris that makes more sense and jd vet sorry tim waltz in the 2024 presidential election
I'm voting for her because she fights for the rights and causes
I believe need a warrior to champion them and I've seen her be a warrior in various music videos
I think she is a steady-handed gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country
If we are led by calm and not chaos
What about the chaos emeralds those things are sick?
I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running late mr. Waltz
Who has been standing up for lgbt rights and the idf?
Whoa, that's crazy. Oh, I the f dammit. I keep doing that and a woman's rights to her own body for decades
I've done my research. Oh good. She's done the research for us
Your research is all yours to do and the choice is yours to make
I also want to say especially the first time voters remember that in order to vote you have to be registered
I also find it's much easier to vote early. I think
Where to register and find early voting dates and info in my story. Oh, I'll link that with love and hope
Taylor Swift a childless cat lady
And now it all makes it all comes full circle
Said then elon musk saying yo, what's up girl want to get you pregnant
It's a cool culture. We live in and it's fun
Yeah, it's pretty good
What's up matta dale good to see you
Good to see everybody. Well, look, I mean what now that she's done that I guess kamala harris wins
I don't think it matters
Who don't think it matters much who she endorses
I think large sections of taylor swiss fan base are very likely to vote for kamala harris
She has a lot of conservative front fans. I'm sure but
I could be wrong. I'm often wrong
but I feel like
I feel like people are pretty reluctant to give a shit about celebrity endorsements when it comes to
politics
And I think if you're like a conservative taylor swift fan, you're just like, well, you know, I'm shaking off
Is that how they sound you case?
Hmm. I don't know if that's how they sound
It's all about the electoral college bullshit. Yeah, I mean technically you could argue that basically unless you live in
What is it six states
Five or six states your vote doesn't functionally matter at all stop voter die case
Not spreading mist information the mists of information are not to be trifled with
Anyway, those were the reactions to the election. I think kamala harris won the debate
I have no idea if that means anything for the actual election
And taylor swift endorser and elan musk wants to impregnate taylor swift
It's a good. What a day. What a day over 300 000 swifties filed their voter voter registration today
It actually kind of mattered. But did they matter?
In what states did they do it?
Because from what I can tell what are the swing states swing states
What are the current swing states? There's seven swing states
So, you know divide 300 000 by seven
And that's her impact
Uh, it's it would not work like that. I just did the math case
You divide 300 000 by seven and that's her impact. Okay
We have a call for an expert bugs bunny
the
Bugs bunny we do have to um, we have to pick up some lost ground here first
We're gonna send it to munch and crumb. We got to go amongst the web
And then maybe if we had time we'll end off a little bugs bunny
Oh, maybe you guys can't hear kindle
Pencil tucky. Yes. These are the swing states
We have
nivedia
That was one baba den in 2020. We've got arizona
We've got to east kaincine of course
michigan
Uh, wait, why is this saying this is michigan?
But is this michigan wisconsin in michigan?
I thought this was min minisota
What?
Anyway, this is pennsylvania. This is north carolina. And this is georgiana
Yeah, so unless you live in those states just don't vote. Okay, stop saying irresponsible things. Sorry. I mean do vote it matters
Or vote, you know third party
If it if it doesn't if it doesn't matter to these people you could kind of throw your vote at any of the of the so-called lesser candidates
Minisota pencil lasagna. They should rename it because then everybody will want to move to the lasagna
Whoa, it's so bad listen up jack
Microphone and i'm hundred just mama jam 500 shen he tasty coins and i've been dying to say this
I taught my good friend kamala harris everything she shouldn't do during a debate
And i'm proud of how she performed last night
That's really nice if you see
Their best friends isn't that beautiful we're back in those obama and biden eating ice cream days the vp and the p
best friends
What a time i do think you should vote yes i think you should vote i think probably focusing more on local politics would actually
vastly improve our country
but uh
What do i know i'm just a taylor swift supporter i was going to vote for whoever she said
Me too is such a relief that she said kamala because the guy who wants to eat dogs does alarm me
That's what you took away from it trump wants to eat dogs. Well, he did bring it up a lot. I think maybe he wants to eat him up
Eat him up. You're writing in munch
I mean it based on the way other states are treated in the election cycle
If you don't live in a swing state it feels like they're like you have hope for whoever
It's it's fucking said and done
And that might basically be true
But you know if you're gonna go there you should vote for whoever you actually want to and you should probably get invested in local politics
Don't tell me to invest
In the unsolid investment cases
I'm i'm in a long-term growth portfolio and i've been informed that local politics are an absolute bust
To invest in i think that's actually probably not true a lot of people have gotten rich
Investing in local politics. Hmm Trump snacks on cats
I thought it was dogs
Because you can eat cats, right? No, it's it was pets in general chat chat. You can't eat cats
I thought but what if you're not a cat person?
And can you eat cats? No, don't eat pets
What state can I move to the what was he saying? Where can I move springfield?
I have to move to a cartoon if I want to eat cats. Why do you want to eat cats?
I'm just saying well, what if I want the option because i'm not a cat person
You can't eat you can't eat don't eat pets
But it's not my pet. Okay
Thank you. Thank you, citizen. No eating pets
Well, I was kind of I was sort of leaning rfk because I'm so independent for a while there and he seemed really in favor of just
Eating animals or doing pranks doing corpse pranks
Can I do corpse pranks with pets? No stop stop murdering pets. Well, if I find one on the street
I'm not going to do a prank, but it's somewhere. It's not supposed to be like
I don't know a denny's bathroom
Shelbyville eats their pets. He should have gone after Shelbyville. It would have landed better people like springfield too much
That's true. He's got such a lovable cast of characters. Meanwhile Shelbyville
Nobody's gonna give a shit about Shelbyville. Anyway, that's basically what happened the debate was
A tie no
Well, who knows but yeah, if you watched it it seemed like trump did a terrible job and
Kamala Harris
kind of limboed umber the
limboed under the
Easy bar mode that trump said of sounding better than him
but
as
From what I can tell it feels like still nobody fucking knows if that'll have any effect or not
But it could who knows who knows is the news as usual from case and let's send it to some other news
Which happens to be internet videos of which I will not be there because of the news
That's done from me, which was chat who said it all in this. I'm done talking now and delete the graphic. I'm running out of breath
It's true. I remember I was in Shelbyville. I was wearing on an onion on my belt
Which was the style at the time. I took the train for nickel. Give me two b's for a nickel
We used to say that sounds right radmire
That sounds like
He sounded like you were in Shelbyville
I'm totally sold
I ate some dogs in Shelbyville stop
I can eat a dog. I'm a dog. I'm allowed to eat dog because I'm a dog
That's not that you're not supposed to eat dogs, but you can't get mad at me. I'm a dog
I can eat dog all day because I'm dog
Technically whatever I eat becomes dog
So when I puke up what I eat was recently dog
I don't think that's how that works. I don't have to be right
You know why because you're a dog
Yeah
The petos raw dogging dog
It is a dog eat dog world. Shit. You're right. I've heard it a million times and now everybody's getting mad at me
Good luck
Need I remind you that I'm a dog. You really don't
You really don't need to remind us of that. Let's send it amongst the web
Where no one's eating dogs and if there's any videos of that posted I can't show them
Let's find out what we've got. It's uh, it's webs amongst time
Oh, okay, so you switched back into the into the blue guy
Go change while I'm talking actually
You're not allowed to be in that
Oh, I changed really fast. What the fuck
Okay, well, I don't know who's standing next to me me
All right, whatever
Good to see everybody. It's your boy Jeff ripple today. I'm in the internet with my favorite friend
Rockabilly gorilla
Look at him go. What a master
He's practicing. You can hear the notes even when he doesn't play them
He's the best. I mean I won't deny that
The quantum case coat
Can we see it if if I'm not if the camera's not directly on it doesn't exist
No, my coat's in a quantum state between blue and gold
Well, I I'm experiencing that currently so I can't deny it
all right, let's um
We haven't gone amongst the web due to your lackadaisical nature when it comes to streaming
So let's start from the bottom and work our way back up
See if we can ever get to where we last left off. This is courtesy of reverie wolf
Let's see
What they've got for us
Wow
You know
When it's set to that it sort of almost puts you on trough side
It does well. It's just got is he it's so catchy
They're eating the dogs
They're eating the cats
Maybe they are if it's catchy enough sort of why I have to go to mcdonald's every time I hear
Any piano any piano? Oh, yeah, let's rate it. I forgot that that's what we do here
Write that from one to ten with exclamation point one through ten
And then you can know if you're eating the dogs or cats in springfield
Yeah, if it's above a seven they are
Don't influence the voting case pretty solid stuff from
Fear gas kelly. Oh, I love fear gas kelly stuff on twitter
Okay, gotta give fear gas kelly a follow
It's too bad. My name on twitter is just case blackwell. It's not nearly as good
Looks like this one's coming in pretty strong. The music was you know, it's gotta beat and I can dance to it and it's about
Eating pets. That's a strong start of a 9.69
Let's continue that trend of music with a flute man playing a flute
Put some fucking mayo on it, baby. That was
smooth
What I'm trying to get that saying over put some mayo on that baby. That was smooth
It's a weird saying Jeff. Well, you know, you gotta try you gotta throw some stuff at the wall
And see which smooth mayo sticks that was put some mayo on it, baby. That was smooth
It was pretty good that man is fluting. Is that well recorder? Is that a recorder?
Yeah nuclear reactor of mayonnaise
I don't know if that felt smooth so much as frantic, but impressively frantic
Uh, that was a courtesy of live and sleazy from
Phil wait phil j flute
philip flute 236
Damn philip flute was taken up to 236. That's rough
And he should have called himself philip recorder because he's a master in that thing
Record daddy absolutely lady side tricks
All right. Here's one of those pets that everybody's talking about. Let's hope this one's safe
People love pets right now. That was a quick one. That was a quick hit
That pet seemed safe. That was a safe pet
Right
We don't know where they were driving it. There's no telling with pets
You know, you can you can include your rating for that video in this one that I'll play right now
He's combining the ratings for these two videos because they're both pet videos
Oh, this is smart
Oh
Oh, I thought they were gonna get pulled in
Instead, this is just a smart way to not have to move your feet
This guy's strong. People don't give dogs enough credit. You can use them as basically laborers
Free dog labor highly underrated
Some of the cases researchers are dogs. Well, technically our producer is a dog. Oh, yeah, that's what he is
Well, we're gonna say it was a 6.92 for both of those pet videos combined
My god, is this a fellow snapchat aficionado? This looks
A bit alarming
Is it snapchat? It's the question for this next one. Let's find out. Let's what what what?
Oh, it paused. Oh, she wrote thank y'all
Oh
Who was this that's queen bonnie?
That was queen body courtesy of the live and sleazy recommendation case. You're looking at your future
I don't want to claim that I'm doing is that much more complex than what queen bonnie is doing over there
Uh
Like there might have been some zeros that cave in under the radar there
So just take a few points off whatever the final score is
We don't have these aren't queen bonnie fans in chat. You don't like when she's like
Get us a bit. What was she saying? Was she saying put some mayo on it, baby?
Let's make it smooth
You forgot you're saying already
Shit. Well, I guess it wasn't a winner
Put some mayo on it, baby make it smooth. I don't know if that was it, Jeff
Well, you know, I'm workshopping a couple of ones. Maybe I can steal one of hers
What was her thing?
Give me some more, baby. It's hot pampers
Hot pampers. Are you good?
What are hot pampers?
Yeah, I'm just gonna take it hot pampers
Oh hot peppers. It's hot peppers. Thank you funnel web. I like hot pampers
The diaper
Hot pampers. It's like it's a new way to say hot shit hot pampers
That's trump after the debate. Oh, yeah, I forgot to show that clip of him coming out after the debate
We had time we could check it out, but we only have like 20 minutes left
Hot pampers is a great twitch username or a great new saying that'll catch on hot pampers
Jeff it's just too desperate if you tell everyone you're trying to make your catchphrase get over
Well, that one guy says catchphrase that's that guy's a genius and you're not him
All right
This man claims his answer is hilarious. See they're calling their shot too. Let's find out
Jerk off a gorilla or let a gorilla jerk off you
Yes
You see
I suck
That's what that smile at the end
Look at this smile
This man wanted to hear suck
I suck
Whew he goes from surprised to into it check out that slo mo
Yeah, baby
There's some freaks on the streets. You can't deny it
Hide rocker belly. Geez
Maybe he doesn't want to hide maybe he wants to be found look at him go
Come on. You've never asked yourself case
He came up from behind that piano whether it is better to give or receive
I think neither should be an option not an option. You've got to you've got to pick a lane here
Shit the streets. Man. I don't know if we have time we have to save that for tomorrow
Well, we'll we'll try it. We'll do two more here
And then maybe tomorrow we'll do a retour of the web and also kick the streets, but
We have to uh do a debate plus the streets. We might run out of time
So let's do two quick one more quick quick more uh internet videos. Jeff. Just two more
I'm getting short changed here. All right, let's see. I need
This is courtesy of
Live in sleazy. Thank you. Mr. Sleazy for spreading the well
Radio
Wait, what do you say at the beginning? I need a radio. I need a radio
All right
We are cast away
Traveling around buffalo on this beautiful day. Is this the new hotness?
I guess you don't need a car
Is this that green energy everyone's talking about animal labor
Can papito do that or are you too fucking rotund case? Jesus. Jeff. Take it easy
I'm just saying do you weigh a buck twenty too much?
Papito is a little guy. I don't know if he can those are big strong boys. I don't know if papito can pull me around like that
Papito could pull fiona around and would love to I'm sure
I said rotund that's the polite way to say case is looking
thick
Geez, Jeff. That's inappropriate. Is it
Is it inappropriate? What the hell he changed again?
Well, at least the only half of me
Is the wrong color
but
Oh, what the fuck i'm sort of blue down there. What the hell?
Pito's gas from cheese if pito's not enough cheese, you could probably get me
Probably get me going down the street. Whoa. This is my full rpg stream
Oh, my rpg stream has already been blocked
I think that's it
This video contains content from umg who has blocked it from display
I don't know if the rpg stream has been blocked, but anyway, it does look it looks like it's the full things
We won't watch it
um
It contains music. I guess I did I was pretty liberal with the uncopyrighted tracks there
I remember when youtube would let you get away with anything. This is
Oh, you know, I think I just did a thing with a guy in this so let's check this out
Um, how to talk to your friend with benefits
This is how to talk to your friend with benefits
What?
Friends with benefits
Yeah
We're not
We're not we're not sleeping together. We're not
We're just friends
I benefit from you because
We have a great friendship
I benefit from that and I benefit from us hanging out and you're my best friend
Do you not know what friends with benefits means?
I know that you benefit me and you're my friend
We benefit each other when we're together
Okay, there you have it. Thank you to my friend with benefits
You
friend to the very end
Never mind
Comment amen
Rate that exclamation point one through amen
And that's a man right there. I'm surprised she can resist
Yeah, I think I honestly can't quite so I did a thing with cast where I was like, uh
Helping with uh, I guess it's like a tiktok or like a youtube video that's gonna come out
Something called cringe gory. I I knew I was faith. I'm pretty sure I was facing the back of that guy's head
Nice karate chop. Thank you. Um, but I
Didn't super get introduced to that guy. I'm pretty sure it was that guy who was in the room
Anyway, he seemed from a distance like a nice guy. Were you from a distance?
I thought you were like feet away from yeah, but I was behind everybody. So I see in the backs of some heads, you know
The churdlies. Yeah
Wait, I've heard of
Case you really need to know
Who people are in the industry that you work in there's too many
There's too many famous people
And they're all really famous but with a really specific audience. It's super hard to keep up with
You guys are practically friends with benefits. That's a really good point
I feel like I've heard of the name churdlies and they sound
Like a popular
YouTube comedy group
I'm gonna say yes
I looked at his bum. Well, no, I mean I couldn't see through the chair, but I was thinking about it. Jesus case
Take it easy. Well, look, uh, we got to get out of here in 15 minutes and we have to do a debate and also talk to bugs bunny
What?
How does this end up happening case? Look, I just have to do a debate. I have to talk to bugs bunny and then tomorrow
I guess we'll have to do this
Thank you for the feeding our beast here. You know, Jesus christ
Uncle philtuke. Thank you so much for feeding. Pappito that sweet sweet cheese
There are other groups besides cigarette sandwich. I know I try to only really know about the one sketch group
It just happens to be the one I'm in
smart
If you only think about yourself
Anyway, if those were the churdlies guys, they were
Then they seem like nice guys. So, uh
We'll support your local churdlies
Oh, yes, they're getting that case black. Well, shout out. They really need it
Well, that's all the time we have for the web today because case didn't budget his time correctly today
I had work. Well, no and then but now you need to do more work
And the work is leaving the web
And thus we do and I say tata to all of you
And you ripple away because I'm Jeff ripple. Bye. Bye. Yeah
Churdlies is just that one guy
I thought it was purple
Oh man, it's a good thing. They'll never see this
All right, I'm gonna look this up
I should know who people are
Look at this
Okay, this is the churdlies. They're doing just fine. They got 2.8. Sorry. This is churdlies
Well, I can see why look, there's so many ladies in this
I thought this was a group of women
That happened to work with this mustache man. Oh, you know, I know this girl
This is the chicago girl
That's Molly something
She like once or twice did a sketch show that I was in
Uh
I don't know her last name that molly garcia. Shout outs to molly garcia
That's a chicago at one point
A chicago person
Another name. I don't remember I got there. I got there. I she seemed great too, but
Unfortunately my ability to recall names is extremely bad
And yet, you know the name of your dog. Well, but yeah case big league blackwell
We were very much. I mean believe me doing my sketch show in chicago was the smallest possible league
But it was molly at one point
And her I think improv group were nice enough to do it once or twice
So shout outs to churdlies and molly garcia
Uh, okay
We need to do a debate and then I gotta get over to this patreon stream
Let's send it down to much and come to finally settle the question of whether it's better to piss or shit on yourself
You can't blame me someone requested it. So we have to find out. Okay, let's get down there
Boom boom boom. You're back in my room
Just my room nobody else's well, I'm also here month you actually show that's shut
You're not you're essentially and if you think about it more so I like to think you're not here
I'm right here, but in a sense
You're not
How could you even tell if crumb shit himself? Uh, believe me the rank smell would give it away. I've been told my
bowel movements are
Unearthly in their odor. So you would know take that
Jesus christ, man, just
What's better, okay
We saw the big debate last night
And I guess everybody says one of the sides won but there's no time to get into that come on one
She did it was pretty it was very one-sided. No, there were two sides and both sides were aside
Well, anyway, I think it's better to piss yourself because again my shit smells horrendous my urine is fairly accurate as well
Extremely acidic too. I've been told uh
I needed an extra thick porcelain on my toilet or it'll burn right through it
Are you like a fucking alien? Do you have alien blood going on? Maybe alien piss
alien piss and probably like
Yak shit. I'm trying to think of what animal heads the smelliest shit might be me turns out the most dangerous game is crumb
I have a problem. I have some bowel issues. Jesus crumb only drinks asparagus
I do have an asparagus smoothie in the morning. I have a salmon and asparagus smoothie every morning
I gotta get my fatty acids in there and asparagus is extremely good for you
Why do you think you're producing these odor?
That's one of the most disgusting smoothie options. I've ever heard well, I get some yogurt in there. I mean it's so smoothie
yogurt asparagus and salmon
Yeah, and some uh figs
Some molestra. I think it's better to shit yourself
I'll just go with that fine. You you called piss, but I was gonna go with shit either way
Thank you because you know what piss is the realm of cowards
You're gonna what piss yourself like some fucking baby
Are you gonna be a man and go all the way and shit yourself?
All right, because sometimes when you shit you can't help a piss
Shit is a commitment to completely soiling yourself if you're just gonna piss yourself
You're going halfway. You're like some lazy fucking drunk if you're shitting yourself
That's next level baby. You're ruining your night. You're potentially ruining the night of those around you
You could clean out an entire room if you're shit if you just piss yourself
Maybe some poor fuckers gotta go get a mop, but nah if you shit yourself
That's the main event of the evening. That's the statement you need to make
Otherwise you're just going half fucking way. What a surprise. Mr. 50 crumb probably likes to just piss himself
Um
No, I said olestra. Am I confusing? I might be thinking of olene. Whatever is a sugar substitute
The one or maybe that's not it
Oh, it's a fat substitute food additive. Yeah, I've been putting that in my smoothies
You're not even talking about the fucking debate. Well, look, I mean, it's just functionally it's better to piss yourself
Um, you can piss yourself a little bit and actually still have a good night
If you just get a little bit of whiz out of you just a just an inchy bit
Just an inchy bit of whiz you stop calling it whiz. What if you whiz yourself?
If you get a couple dribbles of whiz out of your little snake
Jesus christ crumb if you dribble a little bit of whiz out of your little snake down in your potty pants
I'm gonna murder you if you whiz a little bit out of your into your potty pants out of your little snake
Then you can still have a decent night. Sorry. What's that?
Kendall was looking at crumb Kendall came in the room to tell crumb to stop
No, she just gave me a look. I think she was curious about the point. I was making I'm just saying
If you whiz a little bit of dingling piss out of your little trouser snake
Then uh, you you don't even potentially ruin your night
You just have to pad it with a couple of extra paper towels jam a little couple people tires between you and your underwear
Your soiled underwear and your pants and maybe you can still kind of eco not eco decent night out of it
The people agree the people agree by a lance. There was two votes. Are you insane? Did you hear what he was saying?
Well, they heard what I was making valid points. Oh, I got that one
I can't help it if people agree where I'm just talking out that you get a little dollop of whiz
Out of your little out of your little noodle down your potty pants
Are you like trying to teach a rule for the children
How to kill themselves?
It's like you're infantilizing us and encouraging us to do self-harm at the same time every time you open your mouth
Was I not being clear do I need to use more crude words?
Are you offended by the lexicon of my language grumb? Just because I don't want to call it a big fat floppy penis
That's also fucking weird. You don't want me to call it a
The things a dangly thing above the ball
Give you away the things you say that's just a lazy description. You don't want me to call it a
An inflatable tube but made out of skin that leaks piss not even close
Just the bridge. I want you
I want you to get back to the future
But the biff ending the biff there was no biff ending
I always imagined the biff ending where all of marty mcflah's family fucking disappears
And biff is king of the world
I actually think you could make an argument that our reality is the biff ending
It's the one where it all worked out for biff. I want that to be your life. You deserve the biff ending
You need to stop existing
I refuse to biff ending I will continue to piss myself
He wishes his button dangle sometimes I call my penis an extra long button
This is the bridge
You know like because it's cute as a button, but it's longer than one because it's a piece
It's because you're in the middle recording. I don't want to talk over you. This is all going in
Why don't you just do a little editing? I'm not gonna spend that much time on this man
Case is the patreon right? You gotta go. We probably have to go right now. I'm gonna edit something for me
Have you ever pissed yourself?
Have you ever accidentally flooded your pants with urine? You see what I did at the end there?
We were arguing. I think I nailed that out. You?
The whole time you're talking about pissing yourself
God your music is now by the way. We gotta turn that down. It's the right volume. It's insane
It's like I'm hearing six versions of you screaming in my head all of them saying words that I hate
But my question is and I can't believe I'm asking you this when you piss yourself
Do you piss a lot or is it a tiny little dollop of piss?
I'm so confused. Well, I mean it could go either way. I'm just my argument for pissing yourself is
What even counts as pissing yourself if you just have a little bit of leakage
You've got a leaky pipe down there. It's just spraying out a couple little dollops
That still counts as pissing yourself and that's just that's nothing that just probably happens on any given night to you
The jacket was right before was wiped before crumb got to it. I'm starting to fucking believe that
Did I accidentally order crumb piss jackets? No, you would know it would not smell
human
But yeah, I mean, you know it could go either way when it comes to pissing yourself
I mean if you fully lose control then yes
I then you flood your shorts
That's all the time we have
No, no more of this
Look that yes, look that way look away. Look that look the way you're looking and continue doing so
Let's get a little bigger
I hope you're happy chat. I hope you're happy. I hope you have a good day. I mean that because
This is what you keep doing to yourself. Bye. Bye
Yikes, uh the mighty Oz continued their sub
Um, probably said that alert didn't go off or if crumb was too busy talking about
Dollops of piss. Oh, but thank you for the sub
Uh prime gift
And continuing that
Continued their sub prime gift door tier one sub. It's an unclear alert, but I thank you either way
Um, nobody's happy after all that
That's how we like to leave it here
I like to leave the world just a little bit worse than I found it
Speaking of which I have to talk to Bugs Bunny
What is up doc?
Is is always the question
And uh, we've talked to Bugs Bunny before
Well, Peter just make sure to get the right Bugs Bunny this time
Because last time you got the worst one. Anyway, don't worry. We'll talk to him before we head over to talk to Casem
Now here's little Bugs Bunny bugs. How you doing?
Peter you got
The bad bugs bunny again
Is there a bad bugs bunny?
I think he's lovable no matter what
I'm here to talk
About how I'm a last-belief rabbit
You got me a- you got me bombs for me here?
What?
Listen, I'm here to purchase TMT
I'm gonna put it under the house
Of a guy who's been pissing me off
And then I'm gonna make him think that there's a woman there waiting for him
I'm gonna lure him in by wearing a dress
But when he comes in I won't even be there. It'll be a mannequin in a dress
And then the house will explode
KILLING HIM
Because I'm a last-goby rabbit
You mean he'll be like a little put- he'll turn into like a soot version of himself
A black outline with the blinking eyes
And then he'll explode into visceral blood
Taking what remains of the walls and his innards
What's up, duh
Okay, I apologize everyone that's a weird energy to leave on but that is all the time we have
That's all folks
Isn't that porky pigs thing?
Okay, well look I gotta go to the Patreon
Sorry, gunshade. I'll get the right Bugs Bunny next time
The Pito is a dog
I do think it's important to point that out and it does still look like a talking rabbit
It probably looks like a talking rabbit because it was one
I'd say that's pretty good to get on short notice
The bit where he keeps heading his case keeps heading his stream on the weirdest notes
Yeah, what's up with that man?
You could ask what's up doc with that
What's up talk sounds like a doctor disrespect thing so that's even a weirder note to leave on that
No, I didn't mean doctor disrespect
Hmm
Well, what's okay. Yeah
Fine
Fine, I couldn't think of a good outro, Pepino
Clearly
Clearly all right. Well look I gotta get to the patreon. I'm gonna send you the way of whoever happens to be on
Pito stop picking up experts around the garbage juice pond, but that's where I hang out
Can we rate doctor disrespect? I don't think I can rate youtubers
Uh
But apparently he is back
That was a story I decided I did not care to cover
Because I don't really care to ever think about him
We're sending you Ovalie's way
I'm not sending you the doctor disrespect way
For reasons
Smoke packs we'll rate smoke packs next time just because I already typed this in but check out smoke packs as well
Uh who I need to follow and I didn't even realize they were on
Anyway, check out smoke packs. We're sending you Ovalie's way
Uh have a great time if you're a member of the patreon
We're headed over there right now to do a little news stream with cas if not
Tomorrow I should be on hopefully a little earlier than today to do a slightly longer stream where we will go
To the park a k a the streets. Okay, everybody. Have a great rest of your wednesday. We will see you very soon
Goodbye and good luck