I lose my marbles over a good board game and when I was little I loved candy.
First made in the 1940s the game has been a mega success bringing generations of players
through the peppermint forest and the lollipop woods.
But the place where it was created wasn't fun at all.
It was invented in a hospital.
Hi, I'm Alec Belmore and you're watching History and Intrigue.
Around the turn of the 20th century polio pandemics began to spread across Europe
and Asia at an alarming rate.
For most people contracting the polio virus was manageable.
It might last a few weeks and leave a sore throat, nausea, or a fever.
But for about a half of 1% of people, still an incredible amount of people,
it was much much worse.
When the disease enters the central nervous system it can lead to weak muscles,
even paralysis especially in children.
This can understandably lead to complications after it's run its course,
like skeletal deformities or muscular deficiencies.
In short, it's not fun.
In 1948, Eleanor Abbott, a retired school teacher, was diagnosed with polio
and had to spend some time in a San Diego hospital.
Not every hospital had a polio ward, so often families would have to drive
for hours for treatment if their child was struck with the disease.
And often having work to return to, parents would leave their children
alone there for days.
So when Eleanor Abbott entered the hospital, she saw many children
bedridden, sad, and lonely.
And she had an idea, a game to help these poor kids pass the time.
Taking a sheet of butcher's paper, she began to sketch what would become
the game Candyland.
The game was intended to be an antidote for the difficulties that polio
presented.
For children who couldn't leave their beds, the game offered the
illusion of movement.
It was kind of a wish fulfillment thing, after being cooped up in a
hospital who wouldn't want to take a trip through a magical
land made of candy.
Early artwork for the game even depicted a boy in a lake brace.
In 1949, Eleanor Abbott sold the game to Milton Bradley,
who up to that point was best known for selling school supplies.
The game became a mega success.
Into the 1950s, children weren't allowed to go to places like
public swimming pools or playgrounds for fear of
spreading polio.
Parents saw Candyland as a fitting alternative.
The game required no reading and could be played alone,
meaning parents were off the hook.
Although a polio vaccine was invented in the 1950s and
the disease was essentially eradicated by the 90s,
Candyland has continued to be popular.
Eleanor Abbott, in turn, decided to donate most of her
royalties back to schools so they could buy new school
supplies and equipment.
Sometimes it's nice to know about nice people doing
nice things.
Although the gameplay has stayed the same, colored cards
corresponding to colored spaces, some of the bells and
whistles have changed.
For example, at the game's launch, it was played with a
pawn, but those were quickly replaced with little
gingerbread men.
The original game also didn't have any characters.
Over the years, characters like Queen Frostine, the OG Elsa,
and Lord Lycorish, who they made far too hot, have been
introduced.
Candyland, how to play.
The object of the game is to be the first player to
reach the Candy Castle by landing on the multi-colored
rainbow space at the end of the path.
Set up, lay out the board, and each player chooses a
character pawn and places it on the start space.
Shuffle the cards and place them face down within
reach of all players.
The youngest player goes first, then play
proceeds clockwise.
On your turn, you draw one card from the deck, then
move your character as directed by that card.
If you draw a single block, move your pawn forward to
the first matching color on the path.
If you draw a double block, move your pawn forward to
the second matching colored space on the path.
If you draw a picture card, move your pawn forward or
backward to the pink picture space on the board that
matches your card.
There are two shortcuts on the board.
If you land exactly on the space below the shortcut,
move your pawn immediately up the shortcut to the
space above it.
There are three Lycorish spaces on the board.
If you land on this space, you must skip your next turn.
If the draw deck runs out of cards, shuffle the
discard into a new draw deck.
The first person to reach the multi-colored rainbow
space at the end of the path wins.
Welcome to American Snapshots from America Comes Alive.
I'm Kate Kelly and I'm going to talk to you a little
bit about the history of Candyland.
Candyland has a great subtitle.
It's known as the Sweet Little Game for Sweet Little Folk.
And if you played it as a child, you probably very
likely played it on a game board like this.
These were the characters you would be starting out as
and you hope to spin through the peppermint forest and
around the lollipop wood, avoiding the dreaded molasses
swamp and make it all the way to home sweet home.
Now I love this game as a child.
But when I became a parent, I felt very differently about it.
It was like when we would get that plea for playing a game
of Candyland, it was just like, oh my goodness,
this is so frustrating.
It just doesn't end.
All the same, Candyland is one heck of a successful game.
And I thought I ought to look into who thought of it,
why they thought of it, and to what we owe its success.
I discovered that Candyland was designed in the 1940s
and it came about because of the outbreak of polio
that the country was seeing.
Polio was terribly frightening.
Families were so fearful that their children
would be paralyzed by it.
It was the fastest growing infectious disease
with young children and it didn't limit itself to children.
Adults also could get it.
Now initially the disease would present as a virus.
And if you were very fortunate, the virus simply resolved itself.
But in some cases, paralysis would set in.
Sometimes paralysis would go away
and sometimes it just didn't.
But whatever it was, if you got to that level of the disease,
it was a very long and slow recovery.
And it also required specially trained people,
specially trained, you know, special equipment.
And so what America's solution was,
was to build polio wards.
But only certain hospitals were going to have these wards.
They would set up wards for adults
and wards for children.
And those would be the places you would take your family
if they were actually suffering from polio.
It could be a two, three, four, or five-hour car ride
from where you actually lived.
Now in that day and age, we didn't have helicopter parents
and the parents were far more likely to need to go home
to a job or to take care of the rest of the children.
So you would drop your child off at one of these polio wards
and have to leave them in the care of the medical experts.
Now the kids were well cared for.
They had the doctors, they had the physical therapy
that was going on.
So they were getting the important things.
But there was nobody to kind of keep them happy
under those circumstances.
And that brings us to a polio award in San Diego, California.
This happened to be about a woman who was in the polio award
and she was a retired teacher named Eleanor Abbott.
So even though there would have been a polio award
for adults and one for children,
Eleanor was certainly as a former teacher very aware
of the fact that there were young children
with nothing to do.
So she began to put her mind to what would be
a satisfying game that would let them
keep themselves off the path.
She knew a couple of things.
To do a game well like that,
it needed to be a game full of wonder,
something that would really excite children.
Well, what's more exciting to children
than a world filled with candy?
The second thing it needed was to be a very simple game,
something that didn't have complicated instructions
and didn't require reading in order to play the game.
So she came up with this color system
where you would draw a color
and move to the color of square on the board.
If you were very fortunate and drew a picture,
you went directly to like in this case,
peppermint stick forest,
which actually isn't very far along,
but it gets you along the way,
in kind of an exciting way if you're a child.
So those were a couple of the ingredients.
But then there was a third thing that she had in mind
and this was what explained a lot to me.
It was designed as a game
that didn't necessarily need to end.
As one expert said,
and there are experts on candy land,
the game functioned as a loop.
It wasn't a line.
It was designed for these children
to be able to fly all the way the hours
without necessarily having a winner or a loser.
Now at that point, my heart really softened for the game
because I thought, oh my goodness, those poor children,
they had nobody to kind of see them through this time.
So let them have their unending game of candy land.
But then I learned something else
that really made an impact on me.
The initial little boy on the first game that she created
in order to identify with the people
who were playing the game,
a little boy could have a leg brace
because many of the techniques of polio
actually need to wear leg braces.
So there you are with a child with a physical difference
but not a pain in the 19th one.
Unfortunately that got tearbrushed out.
And I was not able to find a copy
of that particular game.
But I also didn't find a photograph of it.
But the...
Beyond the edge of town,
that forgotten stretch of road,
far beneath the city,
almost no regret.
Oh no, the timer's still here,
but everything else is flawless.
Look at this, weird setup and a high train
going on.
Insanity, too much on the screen.
Let me turn this timer thing off
and then we're gonna get into it.
Give me just one, give me one fucking second.
Everyone calm down.
This is a normal way to start.
Okay, here we go.
All my friends are here.
All seven of my friends agreed to do it.
Woo!
I'm so lucky.
Let's have them all say hi to you real quick.
I look like JD fans.
My color is fluctuating.
It's not blue all the time.
Anyway, let's introduce you to everybody.
At the bottom left or right,
depending on your orientation,
we have Andy.
Andy, you wanna say hi?
Hey, what's up everybody?
I'm Andy Bolduck.
There he is.
We also have Claire.
Well, I can't hear Claire.
Can you guys hear Claire?
No.
I can't hear Claire.
I can't hear Claire.
Claire doesn't wanna be heard.
We muted the only woman as is always the case.
We got Tim.
Yo, hey players.
Tim here, just excited to do this Candyland
and to hang out with my friends.
And hi, chat, how are ya?
We have Carl.
Hello, I'm Carl.
I have a doom hammer.
Let's go.
Oh my God.
Whoa, we have a bill.
Yes, I'm so excited to see my friends
for the last time before I am father.
He's soon to become officially a dad.
Wow.
And thus have no freedom.
And we have John.
Hello, I'm John.
You might know John as the guy who was in my apartment
once and murdered a guy.
But also he does a lot of other things.
I don't know about that.
Yeah, there you go.
And of course we have Charles.
Everybody just be quiet.
My son is going out for a nap.
Shh.
All right, chat, chat, keep it down.
Be polite.
Okay, so I've done a lot of setup here.
However, surprisingly, even though I'm technically the DM,
I have not read most of what's gonna happen in the game.
I had Charles do a bunch of voiceover
for like sections that I wrote.
And then there's a million rules
that I kind of don't know
and we'll have to make up as we go along.
But don't worry.
I'm assuming it's gonna be just as good as when a DM
does whatever they do to make it work.
Well, we're just gonna figure it out as we go.
I think the rules said that the youngest person goes first.
So the only thing I know in that case
is that it's definitely not me
and it's definitely not Bill.
Definitely not Claire.
That second definitely was very hard.
That's 100% Claire.
It's probably Claire.
I think it's Claire.
It's gonna be in here, Claire, do you wanna say hi?
Yeah.
You can hear me?
I think I can hear you.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh God.
Do you wanna say hi, Claire?
Oh Lord.
Yes, I'm saying hi and let me know if you can hear me.
Yeah, we can hear you.
We can hear you.
We can hear you.
You're so clear.
It's a thing of beauty for Claire.
Oh my God, amazing.
Okay, so Claire, you are actually going to go first.
So the way this game basically works,
normally they would all have cards.
Instead I have all the cards just for simplicity's sake.
But we do have our beautiful board here.
And Claire, you are up first in the hot seat.
Let's see.
If you want the whole view,
that's the incredible world of Condi Land.
In the interest of really not preparing,
I also didn't shuffle this deck, so just give me a sec.
Wait, should we introduce our characters?
Yeah, should we say our characters?
In case you're gonna introduce the world a little bit,
like give us a little something.
Like how the hell are we here?
Well, I was gonna have it happen
when someone after someone falls.
Oh, okay.
But you gotta ruin that for me,
so I guess we can just do it.
We'll do it your way, Kase.
Let's do it your way.
Tim's fault, Tim's fault.
It was fucking, I was being fucking stupid, honestly.
No, no.
I was being fucking stupid.
Okay, great.
Let's do a little introduction here.
I have to remember, I think it's here.
Okay, great.
Getting acclimated, I'm here too.
All right, Charles was kind enough to record a ton
of intros for us with his sultry voice.
So let's see what the world is got in store for us
off the jump here.
Emerging from a dense wood,
a wall of hot air nearly forces you back.
How long has it been since you felt
the rush of sunlight?
Hours?
Months?
As your vision adjusts to the shock of brightness,
lingering concerns swirl carelessly away.
The land in which you find yourselves
can only be described as a relentless
technicolor assault.
Unknown have certainly bright birds
dart through the air around you,
but on closer inspection, you guessed it,
they're fully grown peeps.
Their mallow wings barely keep them amaft.
Some peeps melt and crash into the spongy earth,
but why is the grass so thick and floppy?
Grasping for normalcy, you notice a path dotted
on both sides with knee-high orbs in rainbow colors.
Ending in an unassuming gait,
your eyes struggle to make sense of what's beyond.
The horizon is vivid unearthly,
as if you can suddenly see the ultraviolet spectrum.
In the beaming sun, the silhouetted landscape
could only be perceived as mountains,
palaces, cities.
Yet, something about the shapes defies
any of those conventions.
The winding path disappears into the distance,
its prismatic color vacillating
as you try to focus on it.
The grass is nerd's robe.
Yous can eat it if you like.
Squinting, you realize the words
come from a gait set to stride the path,
you slop down the tacky path towards it.
Your shoes held by the ground with every step.
The ground is hardened syrup, it is.
Yous can eat it too, though it tasted many a foot.
You reach the gait.
Care to introduce yourselves?
The sweet gait.
Hell yeah.
Look over here, we've got a bunch of kids approaching.
Oh, strangle of the dark woods you've come.
O's just stepping up to me first.
Is it a little lady?
How are you doing, miss?
Oopsie, that's supposed to be your...
Oh, dude.
...a w...
Oh.
Oh.
What?
That was a good game.
Clunking canopy of lollipop wood brick.
Hello.
Claire, do you mind introducing yourself to this...
To this fence?
You can introduce yourself as your character now.
Yes.
Say in character, case.
Hi, hi fence.
My name is Gina Cornal,
and I'm a little nervous.
My parents just got divorced,
so I thought I would maybe play Candylands
or engage with this world
in a better way of saying it.
That's beautiful.
But yeah, I'm totally over my parents' divorce.
Congratulations.
This is a great place to get over that.
Thank you, sir.
I notice you have some abilities.
Do you mind saying,
if you have any special traits, what they may be?
Yes, absolutely.
My...
My special abilities are compartmentalizing,
seeing the bright side of things,
and one high-pitched screen.
That's incredible.
One of those sounds extremely powerful.
All right, well, we'll get back to you.
You are up first, because you're very clearly the youngest.
But let's see who else we have in store for us today.
It looks like directly to your right is
a young man in a hat.
How are you doing, little fellow?
Oh, you're done.
Where do you go?
I'm here somewhere.
There he is.
Where the hell am I?
I'm blurry as hell.
Jesus.
What is this place?
I was just walking home,
and I got here, maybe.
Somehow, I fell into a...
I remember falling asleep or something.
Don't think about it too much.
You're right where you're meant to be.
Look at the beautiful colors. It's an incredible place.
This place is disconcerting, to say the least.
I was just at work for the geek squad at Best Buy.
And things were not going well,
because you see, my whole thing is,
I don't actually know that much about computers,
and John's character, who he texted me back
about what his character's name was,
got me that job, you see.
And so, basically, I don't know anything about tech,
and so I'm a level one tech wizard,
and my items are broken Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra,
and hard-boiled egg I was going to eat for lunch,
and mysterious ring.
Wow.
And my abilities are expedition to retreat,
and I was a real D&D spell I looked up,
which I can run away pretty good.
And Fireball, classic wizard spell,
except in my version it's...
I could spit... I'm just going to be spitting candy.
And my third ability is Loud,
which I can get even louder.
Oh, wow. All right.
Yeah, and I want to get that hell out of here,
get back to my apartment.
Because what is this place?
What's going on?
You've made it to Paradise. There's no need to stress.
You seem like a stressed young man, but that's all right.
Let's see how the fellow next to you is doing.
What was your name again?
Oh, my gosh.
Glenn. All right, Glenn.
Have a good one.
That's me.
Let's see.
So, wait. Tim's name is Glenn,
and Claire, your name is...
Gina.
Gina. Okay. Just a reminder.
Oxford Detention Board.
Fantastic.
Hello.
Hello there. Sir, how are you doing today?
Why not introducing yourself?
Yes. My name is Oxford the Dragonborn,
my great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great great great great great great
great grandfather was a dragon.
Wow.
Yes.
And I am an onion bard.
The blood is sticking you. I understand.
Yes.
All right, do you have any...
They're very thin in me. It's very thin in me.
And I am an onion bard and my,
I have come to this land to share a song
and learn knowledge. My abilities include onion breath, philosophize, and fire bolt. Very different from a fireball.
Alright, we can I suppose get into the very clear difference there whenever we'd like.
Alright, well very...
Do I need to talk about my items or do I just continue on?
Please do, please do.
On my persons I currently hold a keytar, a bag of onions, and a book of metaphysics.
Oh, alright. Book of metaphysics, what you planning to do with that?
Philosophize.
That makes all the sense in the world. Alright, very nice to meet you. Oxford the Dragonborn, level 1 onion bard.
Alright, uh, what's this fellow next to you? I can already tell just by his looks that he stinks.
Alright, what's your name sir?
What?
You what?
My name... I'm a fan, I can't smell, I have to go by sight and your sight is smelly.
It's not true, it's not true.
My name, my last name is Anol.
And my first name is Getterook. Alright, it's ancient Scottish or something.
Anyway, Getterook. Or you can call me Dr. Anol, I'm a level 1 dentist.
Alright.
Right, me father was a dentist.
Oh, get a runny nose.
Me father was a dentist.
Alright.
But he was a right bastard.
It's not, it is a bit of an anal joke, but it's also a part of something.
I don't know.
Okay.
Could you explain the pun really quick?
Getterook Anol.
Getterook Anol.
I thought my brain went to anal, but I guess it was a tooth pun.
It's both.
How's it both?
Well, it still sounds like anal.
Oh, you're right, alright.
I misjudged you.
Yeah, anyway.
Getterook.
Getterook.
Anyway, so look, my father was a dentist.
I hate his guts.
He was a right bastard, a real sicko who likes to hurt people.
And me mother died when I was five years old.
I don't even really remember.
And I rebelled and I tried to get away from the whole dentistry thing.
And then I found this picture of me mother and guess what she was doing in the picture.
She was performing dental surgery on some float.
Right, so she was an awful dentist.
And you know, if it was good enough for me mother, saintly mother, it's good enough for me.
That was three months ago I went to dental school.
Alright.
So I threw about three months of dental school.
Okay.
Anything else you want to say about dental school?
So I'm just saying, I know drill.
Alright.
I just like to point out you failed to rebel against your dead father.
I tried to.
But I tried to rebel.
He died.
He did die.
Okay.
Alright.
Well, I think I see where you're coming from.
Yeah, drill.
Got anul or whatever your name was.
Get to Rook.
Get to Rook, sorry.
I'm being incontestant to your culture.
Dr. Anul, if you want.
Very well.
My abilities.
My abilities.
Very nice to meet you doctor.
I did this doctor.
Does that count?
You get to say doctor if you're a dentist.
Fuck off.
Alright.
Alright.
Looks like another fellow standing next to you.
This one looks way nicer and better smelling.
How are you doing today, sir?
Oh, hello.
Hey everybody.
My name is Jake.
I'm just trying to get back.
I was on my way back from my shift at the Renaissance Fair.
I play, if you go to the local Renaissance Fair in Southern California,
you may recognize the assert Francis Dorfin.
Apparently some of you have characters that you play as well.
But I'd really just like to get home because I have another shift after my shift is a night where I'm a task rabbit.
And there's some nice couple in North Hollywood who want a TV mounted.
So I've got my TV mounting kit, my sword, of course, and my horse Beatrice is with me.
And if you need it, I can use the skills that I've learned at the Red Fair, which is to rally.
I can rally all of you.
I can challenge a foe and then they'll focus directly on me.
Or I can comprehend any instructions.
Any kind of instructions I can comprehend them.
But this place is kind of sticky and terrifying.
And I don't know if I might be high or dreaming or not.
Oh hey, Glenn's here.
Hey, Glenn.
Hey, Jake.
Where are we?
Where the hell are we?
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
I'm just trying to get my wrap my head around the whole thing.
Don't worry about the magic coins.
They will appear potentially somewhat regularly.
Not as regularly as some people would like.
I'm happy to meet Dr. Anil and the other people here.
So just to be clear, you're not a dentist and you don't have any dentist stories.
No, I'm a huge relief.
No, I'm just a guy trying to pay my rent.
All right.
Trying to get home.
Did you say you want to talk to a dentist?
No, I did not want to hear your back story.
All right.
But you're in like we still have rent in this magical world.
There's plenty of rent to pay here and lots of apartments with high rent.
So it's a paradise.
That sounds bad.
Okay.
Well, thank you so much.
Looks like there's one more fellow here who I'd like to meet.
How are you doing, sir?
You joined me?
Yes, I am with the lovely mustache.
Oh, you got to be more specific, but I think you're talking to me.
Just call me dad, by the way.
So think.
I don't want to be.
All right.
But anyway, yeah, I was just parking the Previa and I got mixed up and I ended up down here.
And since they're all kind of gathered, you guys remember the 1996 Atlanta Braves?
Oh, God, I just miss that team so much.
We don't accept baseball teams here.
No baseball team.
We have gumball teams.
Okay.
Okay.
That's cool.
Hey, that's cool.
That's good.
I mean, I get it.
I'm not going to say I'm moved on from Bolton County, let alone Turner.
But I just, I'm not going to say I'm not trust.
It's too far for me.
You know, when I'm going, when I'm in my Previa, I'm circling around 285.
It just takes me forever to get places.
So here I am.
Take notes, Dentist.
This is how you tell a story.
Thank you so much.
Anyways, anybody, anybody need some gum?
I didn't notice you seem to have pockets absolutely stuffed with memorabilia and various items.
Do you mind telling us what you have on you?
Yeah, no, got you.
So you might be looking at me saying like, oh, this guy is probably some kind of baseball exec.
No, no, I work in construction tech.
And if you are looking to upgrade your procurement process and are looking for some information
about some B2B construction tech business sales, I am your man.
So let me know how your procurement process is going.
Let me know what your ERPs are doing.
I'm your guy.
Now I do have an e-brace that doesn't come off because I'm a bit of an athlete.
It used to be.
We took Walton all the way to the 4A finals.
And I'm never going to forget it.
But anyways, kind of wanted to talk about Eric Larson.
I'm reading a lot.
Devil in the White City got my brain tickled a little bit.
Bad, bad memory.
But you guys want to talk books.
Eric Larson is kind of in the hopper for me right now.
Yeah, just looking around.
I got some gum.
I got a receipt in here.
I just kind of got some loose bills.
About 500 or so.
I haven't really counted it all.
But anyway, let me know if we need it.
And we can get some ICs on the way home or something.
There's some stains in the Previa.
So I just, I don't even know what's in the bag there.
That's fair.
And I've been meaning to get to Duncan.
I just can't get over there.
The traffic is so bad.
I mean, look this, I know it sounds like I'm a word for Toyota.
But this Previa has been with us since 1996.
And this thing just keeps on trying to wear it 500,000 miles.
And I don't think this Toyota is ever going to quit.
If you need a good car, look no further than a used Toyota made in 1995.
Set out for 1996.
Look, there's only select places in this land that even have cars.
So I don't know if it's going to be of use to you.
But I do find everything you're saying fascinating.
Unlike the dentist.
I am in fact riveted.
Well, you know what the old joke about dentists are?
They kill themselves.
That's a good one. I've never heard that one before.
Oh my God, there's a dog dead.
Should warn you on it, the dog here eats cheese.
And also Obama's dead.
Microphone 900 just absolutely counted 2000 sweep.
It's straight into the great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this.
For the number one candy land role play stream on Twitch.
That's true.
No one can take that from us.
Who could even claim other than us at that stream?
Anyway, Obama, that's enough.
You can go now. All right.
Very good.
All right.
We're going to have to make.
We're going to have to make bits be like.
If you don't, if you're good, if you're giving bits,
it's going to become part of the game.
Are you trying to say don't do this?
The dentist is trying to eliminate all bits and directly
directly donate directly donate.
Don't use the stupid bits.
Just give case a shit ton of money.
That is how they donate bill.
Stop messing up the back of someone in a different dimension.
The DM actually bill you're going to have to roll for that.
And you have to crit or you have to take that back.
Okay, fine.
You don't have like a direct PayPal or some shit.
I don't.
Okay.
I'm not supposed to.
It's our party starting out.
A dentist, a dad, two guys that do random tasks.
A divorce, a child of divorce, and we have one more coming.
Yes.
And who is that fellow?
We do have one more left.
It's not you actually.
Sorry.
Right next to you.
Who are you?
Yes, my name is raw dog.
I'm a level one beast master.
Unlike the rest of the people here apparently I'm actually I was
actually raised in Candyland.
I sort of had a Tarzan style upbringing.
I was raised by gummy bears after my European colonizer
families ship crashed.
And I was taken as a baby.
And raised by gummy bears.
And as a result, I can commune with the beasts of Candyland.
My abilities are call be tamed beast and be mind mill.
Very beast.
That applies to any candy that has an animal theme.
That has an animal based theme of any kind.
Like gummy worms or peeps or animal crackers.
Are you friends with Mr. Beast?
Are you friends with Mr. Beast?
Yes, I can ride him.
My mount is actually Mr. Beast.
To be clear, we do get him here.
It's the same guy.
But yeah, the same guy.
I'm currently riding.
He's my mount right now.
You'll notice.
I did notice you're riding Jimmy, AKA Mr. Beast.
He's a very good guy.
Right now.
Can I ask a question for the guy behind the fence?
Yes.
Am I safe?
Am I safe with this group of people?
I think I'm the only child.
No, I'm a child.
I'm a child named Rod Dog Johnson.
I'm in college, so I'm still really a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm in college, so I'm still really a child, though I think I'm grown.
All right.
I'm a child.
I'm a little boy.
My quest is kind of to find my family, my original family, who I've never met.
We've got a little bouncer back here if you need to get some energy out.
I think it's about the safest group of people you could be with.
Can I ask you a question, small child, small, harmless child?
It's totally safe here for children.
You're actually worshiped in fact.
Your flesh is what gives us pride and power, so don't even worry about it.
You're what?
You're what?
Don't even worry about it, we love children in this kingdom.
My favourite, what?
It's basically built for you.
It's all about you and your beautiful skin and parts.
What?
What I'm trying to say is it's an honour to be in the presence of you, my liegees.
Essentially you are royalty here to us and I must encourage to you to make all
goal heist to the king who has a both a bank a banquet and end of the literal
paradise prepared for you you'd be a fool not to get there as quickly as you can
go to King Candy today I'm not just saying that as a loyal subject I'm just
saying that as a friend to you guys actually I don't know if time works
differently in this world but I think every square might take about 30 minutes
doing this in one session are essentially zero so just to banish that
thought from your mind that will finish this today it's most likely not going to
happen I don't think we're finished in one turn
those turns are just one person at a time we'll see we could try to move through it
a little more quickly all right well with your mind a very nice to meet you as
well raw dog but the idea I'll tell you all of my items oh you didn't road
okay I know yeah I didn't tell you all of my items that I know let's just move
probably shouldn't tell I'll build billet come into the game as we play
I do see a bird seed animated bones a pokeball a leather arm band a small
bird in the pocket and a memento of your family which of those are your
favorite just sort of curiosity huh which is your favorite item well the memento
of my family is sort of a quest item that's not really going to be usable in
gameplay that's just sort of to drive me forward but my my favorite item is my
leather arm band all all of my clothes are leather based leather arm band leather
gherkin leather kind of headband mostly naked I want you to understand that I'm
sort of a barbarian type but I am a I am a child I'm a barbarian child
clarifying that after mentioning your girl dog I see I see and I'm riding Mr.
Beast I'm currently still he seems to be loving it
is that ballgag to control him with is that like how you sort of guide him around
how do I guide him was it with the ball gag in his mouth that helps it's also I
give him vicious kicks with a pair of spurs I have a tattoo my feet but don't
worry he likes it I can tell that from the noises okay well thank you so much
Rod dog all right I think you know good conscience now we do in fact need to get
rolling yes yes is you are up first miss Gina corno the level one child of divorce
you don't you don't actually roll to be clear okay despite with this fence is
saying we have to draw for you so I've officially shuffled this card so the way
this works when you get a card like this isn't your card but say you drew a
blue on your on your sheet add one blue to your sheet because you get to keep
the cards and you can use them for various abilities most most of the power
system in this game is based on getting and drawing cards so you get a free card
every time you draw you can get cards other ways or you can get better cards
that have little little faces on them for like various activities did you go get
candy land case okay I'm opening my sheet did you go actually get candy
land I did get I did buy candy land although there was no need because the
base rules are just draw card but I do have the cards I had I also needed the
cards or real quick what is our quest okay you were supposed to find the king of
candy land I'm just like wondering what's our motivation is a group to go to dinner
with the king I think maybe we should to find out what the hell's going on
this yeah Glenn this fence is promised that paradise awaits you at the candy
castle the invitation of the king a literal paradise for children or in this
case you know the young at heart I am a child I'm a child yeah Andy's child
Claire's a child and I'll try to keep that in mind as we move through some of
these squares based on perusing them okay so your official draw Claire you have
gotten a double yellow so that means you get two yellow cards you can add
those in I put that in my character sheet yes you can yeah I did make a tiny
rule okay now super quick because I think I said something special happens with
yellow cards but I should double check my own reasoning oh you can spend yellow
cards so you when you spend a card you lose it you can spend it to get perfect
perception checks so if you want to investigate something that you run into
you can burn a yellow card and get an investigation check I should also clarify
your stats so you have five very well-reasoned stats here sweet savory
salt and of course a bitter the classic stat you need to tie one of your
abilities should be a special attack you use red cards to play special attacks
tie that that ability to one of those stats so basically it'll affect what your
prime stat will affect the damage of your special ability and there's other
effects to these stats that I just won't tell you because it's too boring and
complicated but I swear to God I did think about it a little bit hell yeah I
swear no you did yeah all right sick let's see where you land Claire on the
big board here boom all right where is Claire there's a Claire there's our
Claire icon so two yellows means you go here and then you actually jump all the
way ahead making rocketing progress over the board to it looks like space 10 and
that does in fact also wait a minute I have to remember Charles after remember
where I put the Charles intros okay there they are that also lands you in a new
area you are officially the first person to make it to the gingerbread field let's
see what it's like a swing or more accurately flopping meadow of green
and purple nerds rope stretches before you broken only by patches of sugar goo
delicacy in the relentless sun swarms of flies flit over the sweet stench of
melting candy grass there's a sticky warmth to it all like standing outside a
bakery at Christmas if that Christmas was disgustingly hot and there were the
biblical plague of bugs also the flies are Boston baked beans with these things
and eyes which is crazy and blows your mind the only path here winds towards
a great tree at the forest line and towering above it all far in the
distance you perceive the tip of a gargantuan birthday cake palace the
stifling sweetness of it all leaves you lightheaded but the thick air at your
back compels you forward
ginger I cut him off but he said gingerbread field my bad Claire you
have officially made it to the gingerbread field congratulations let's see
what you've won on this particular square spoiler alert it's usually gonna be
running into some weirdo okay and I have not read a lot of these square options
so we're gonna find out a little bit together here at the side of the
road is an idling food truck the sign outside reads jolly Jim's real-world
meat from the real world this is your first encounter with a candy citizen
as well I'm assuming it's jolly Jim but who knows you can ask yourself let's
see how jolly is doing oh wow someone somewhere just got a little gift but
the gift I got today is a new friend arrived would you like some real human
meat from the human world oh um when you say real human meat do you mean meat from
humans yeah the wettest parts of well not humans but the wettest that stuff you
guys have that swaps and goops we've got that in a lot of it and my trucks
just jammed full of it it's been baking in the sun it's collected a lot of
Boston baked bean flies and I'd love to sell it for you you know for the price of
honestly you know you're here sacred humans so I don't want to upset you but
you know whatever you need yeah I'm I'm I'm not gonna eat another human sorry we
did when you said that I was a sacred human someone earlier was talking about
my skin yes do you do you know anything about like what people why people might be
interested in child skin what's shiny it's smooth it's salty in a way that our
candies can't be and it's beautiful and it makes you a god oh you know what I'm
gonna pass I'm gonna pass on the human meat well is there any way yeah sorry just
don't make this stuff when you don't want more of it yeah not what what do
people use it for everything building spreading on our faces to gain the
sacred flesh do you know if there's any way for me to become less tasty looking
good luck but I suppose if you really wanted to though you just missed it
you could pray at the great plum tree oh shoot okay it's just back that way
although I noticed you humans have trouble going backward you said people use
the skin for building sometimes or the meat the human meat the powers blessed
upon us by our great candy king and the meats he collects and the sacred
children that he protects are a mystery to us all but the many wonders he
have wrought you can literally see behind us look at that towering castle of
perfection that wouldn't have been possible without you incredible kids and your
beautiful skin he's just staring at you Claire I think he either you know he
basically either wants you to agree to take some of this meat it is it is he's
trying to ply his trade or you can investigate or do anything you want I
mean you can also attack him if you like that's also free item take the meat what
free I don't yeah you don't take a little bit of me
great just a little bit well look I believe yeah just a little I believe all
of you kids usually have at least a hundred jelly beans I'll gladly take all
of those off your hands or you know if you have any cards you want to partway
with the glowing orbs of the ancient power that I'm happy to take those as well
one yellow card will you take one yellow card yeah yeah yeah that's fair okay
let's do that fantastic minus one yellow card for you plus one raw sunbaked human
meat yes incredibly right you really you rake me over the coals today but you
escaped with a true prize honestly the most sacred item in this land how many
spaces can we see what's that a voice from the other child in the distance
yeah how many case how many spaces can we like see good question can we see all of
there any of this or is it far in the distance I'm gonna say when you move
through the candy road you can kind of get a some someone of a vibe for what
was around you but you can't investigate any of it so so Claire would have known
she passed like a big tree and what I mean like can we see Claire or can we yell to
her or something no you can't but you can talk to me at any time so okay okay
you could always ask the DM questions or if you are near I'll say if you're one
if you'll say if you're within two spaces of each other you can you know we'll
say one space and there are abilities you can get later to oh you know what I
forgot to do that I wanted to give you all one which one was it one go add one
gummy star card to all of your the sheets or items get your items so you can use
this to call another character to your square but only during combat if the
character wants to they can stay or they can return to whatever square they
run before gummy star card and that's what the gummy star cards do and also I
don't think this dream can really support more than one person being on screen at a
time but you can talk to each other like you're you know actually like we're a
party yeah like you're a party sweet okay so I got real dark souls vibe from that
sacred meets talk what oh I can't hear him actually hmm sorry miss did you have
anything else you wanted for me thank you so much for wheeling and dealing with
old jolly Jim yeah no I'm good thanks thanks jolly Jim all wait for my friends to
get here thank you okay if I can find them so jolly Jim has finished his
interaction with Claire looks like up next I think we're going to the right so
Tim I think that means it's you let's see what you officially draw here that's
wrong oh I choose the board okay there we go let's see what Tim gets shuffle one
more time in the interest of not immediately drawing another double yellow
card okay and a blue a single blue for two oh shit Tim that puts you on
square four which also puts you in the gingerbread field you know what we'll
say this if you guys are in the same area the gingerbread field in the rules of
this for some reason starts on four so I'll say if you're in the same area you
can communicate with each other like you're just shouting over the greatest
but Tim let's see what awaits you on square four we just saw the intro so we
don't need to see it again but you are in fact in the gingerbread field okay
next to the road a oh sorry behind a tall patch of grass a gingerbread man in
sunglasses crouches motion motionless is chocolate trench coat destroying any
attempt at stealth against the neon candy foilage what do you do hey hey hey hey
you can see me hey come on hey move along what is it you don't want none of
this move along get out of here get out of here you don't want none of this move
along huh get out of here I just got here I'm trying to get out of here I can
tell you I can tell you're a smart guy I'm not I can tell no no I got this job
I got this job on a fluke the tech job if that's what you're talking about listen
we all got jobs to do okay we all got jobs I'm on a real secret one and I can't
tell anybody who's not trustworthy but I just want you to know there's powers that
play here you're just a pawn in their game until you wake up so I'm dreaming
I'm asleep right yeah essentially in a in a like a brain sense of like not
thinking about the world right no no no what's your name who are you listen I can't
tell you my can't tell you my real name but my associates call me agent ginger
ginger all I can tell you right now is this ahead of you lies the plum tree do
not believe what it says but I also don't believe what the king says trust no
one not even you now you're thinking with that brain
smart man I don't know I don't know exactly what sort of clever trick you're
trying to play on me but I'm trying to get out of here all right I'm trying to
wake up and I'm trying to get all these nice people to safety back in the real
world and I'm not a smart man I'm not a brave man but I but I feel a calling to
help these people poor people I've never done anything really that good in my
life and I'm kind of an old I'm kind of getting older I'm an older millennial
type of guy and I've just worked a pretty bad tech job and I'm not that I'm
not qualified for and I've this broken Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra phone and
that's in my inventory and hey and hey and I actually go to choke him you do
have to roll for that Tim okay let's see if you successfully choking that might
also aggro him on to you this this is actually a slightly stronger character
for this area so you seem like a friend he was really got choked
decided to attack the gingerbread man you tell me what the fuck is going on
this relies on your bitter stat what is your bitter stat Tim my bitter stat
one okay so that essentially confers no advantage on to you you're gonna have
to roll above a 15 to successfully choke this guy because he has a more he has a
higher bitter stat than you okay not quite all right he's pretty suspicious of
you now Tim but you didn't successfully choke him now he's just kind of hey
what the fuck was that hey sorry I'm sorry I'm just want to know what the hell
is going on hey no I don't want to know man I'm using my loud ability right
no don't want to fight with you man okay we'll say you roll a d12 for your
loud ability and if you what's your highest at my highest stat sourness or
savory sourness of two sourness makes sense for that ability sorry I gotta remember
that ginger man doesn't sound like me okay let's say you roll a 12 and your
sourness is to okay so you just have to roll above a six we'll say because you're
matched with his ability oh you fucking did it baby all right you silence him
he's in a more appliance where he might tell you what you want to know
what you tell me hey how about this tell me what the hell is up with this tree in
this area give me some info on this tree she's too faced to every passerby he
claims to work for the king but we'll tell you ultimately she works for something
far greater I suspect she works for neither all I know is this beneath her
roots I found a note that said the path behind is forever blocked the path ahead
is doom the only escape is in each other okay I've never told anybody wow I
feel like we're getting really close I feel close to you too mr. ginger guy okay
Tim looking for more friends cuz you got that piece of information you can if
you interact with the plum tree or any of her all of her agents are ginger
people except for this one who's the only rebel okay you essentially know this
information and can use it against them just a heads up on that okay great with
that I'll end my turn all right in attack mode what sorry okay you can hang out
here for a little bit I got a bunch of flies that I eat if you want some of
those no thank you okay that's fair all right with that Tim's turn ends okay
up next I believe we have a car roll there we go okay Carl also chat I apologize
that I'm not I'm having trouble managing everything but once I get better at it I
can pay more attention to chat if you've had any complaints or thoughts some
someone else keep an eye on chat reply to them if anything important comes up
this is your duty from the DM I'm watching okay Carl let's see what you get
also if you do land on the same square which is possible you can party up if you
happen to land on the same square I mean you could take rolls together although you
would still draw two cards wait on the blue square yeah you gotta move Tim and
also right why are why is there six cheese in the screen at all times that's what
Peter oh I see is he's on blue he's on blue he's on I'm on the gingerbread man's
square yeah okay boom Carl you've just drawn a double orange yes the front of
the pack are you zoom it okay boom let's see that actually does you're just at the
edge of this area you're almost out of the gingerbread field but not quite
and you're now officially ahead of Claire let's see what happens to you on this
particular square just pull it up okay great you approach a strange man in a
black tailcoat and pinstripe suit twirling his mustache seems like a
interesting old timey fellow what do you do well hello there yeah hello there I'm
looking for the King's Castle ah well I'm looking to make a deal oh well wait
what kind of deal well I think you're standing on an incredible piece of
property it's of no use to me I live in a horrible gray world it turns out but I
would love to give you the deed to square 12 if you'd like oh you look familiar
what you look a little familiar you wouldn't happen to be mr. monopoly would
you how do you know that name my reputation precedes me I've read a few
books listen here kid I like your marxie but I can't give you anything for free
this is a valuable property you're standing on it could confer incredible
power upon you or I to relinquish it frankly is the only a property I own
after being waylaid in this strange world what could you give me for it of
course I'd give you a tin jelly oh what's that ten jelly ten jelly ten jelly
brutal bargain you're driving I think I'd like something a little more than that
perhaps mmm perhaps let's say if you happen to make it to say grandma nuts
cottage or any property you're willing to give me the invite to come scope it out
mmm mmm any edifice at all anything with a building on it this place is strangely
bereft of so far of places to actually live okay so I get the deed and all I
have to do is invite you to another property should I see a building upon
it yes all you have to do is whisper to the sky
deal deal and the 10 yeah now plus the 10 jelly beans all right my and what happens
what happens if someone else lands on this square after me now that I own the
deed to trade is 10 jelly beans oh you don't charge them I don't charge the
rent no you do you actually that's a great point you get 30 jelly beans for
every person that lands on this square yes I didn't want to tell you because I
thought I could come I could maybe do some light rent fraud and still take it but
I guess you're too smart for that yes I've read a book or two very good very good
all right well if there's nothing else I suppose I best be on my way I'm
frankly loitering on this property now oh yeah oh yes yes I'd have to charge you if
you stay too much longer that's true I'm leaving immediately he sprints away
Carl terrified at the prospect of being passive I'm adding deed to square 12 my
item sheet that's great and you do need to minus 10 jelly beans my minus 10 jelly
we're dealing wait where's our jelly beans count oh there it is okay it's just a
money symbol under this color cards yeah Carl some passive income yeah now if you
land on that specific square you kind of you can dodge the bullet once and dodge
it forever basically but uh you do oh Carl 30 jelly beans they get slurped out
of your inventory into his okay Carl thanks so much up next we have a dentist
approaching the blocks let's get me to the king let's see what you draw a single
purple barely making it off the starting blocks immediately barely making it
anywhere I fucking hate candy it's my worst yeah well my fucking meet my father
is me worst enemy and me so heard we know also and also candy yeah okay candy and me
father and ultimately myself yeah good luck out there yeah well why don't you fuck off
yeah I'm a little bit salty yeah I'm a little salty and a little bitter because of my upbringing
but if you notice I'm also my core pretty sweet okay okay that's my stack right down
that's my stack right now you can check it on my sheet what where am I all right uh bill you made
it all the way to square two yeah on square two a candy person is staring longingly at a small stream
of flowing Gatorade and this is in the I'm gonna read everything in these squares this kind of gives
away the game but drink a glass of water or you return to the start is what this person seems to be
whispering okay just just just just some of some of the stuff I wrote in this in the squares
next to mine you probably shouldn't read and but you can if you want you're the dm
okay all right no I didn't write this one anyway okay all right what what what what what did you say
what you want I don't have a glass it could work
do what you want return to the start yeah all right fine the start of the of what
here I mean I'll let me check my inventory drink a glass of water or return to the start
I don't listen I'm not good at riddles I think uh he's he's staring at you he it's it's you here I'll
I'll say you can roll for a perception check if you want to figure out if there's anything else
you can do here bill I'm not good at riddles what are you saying to me okay what uh let's see you
have tell me that your intelligence is is tied to your sourness and your sourness is unfortunately zero
so we'll say you have to roll above a 16 if you want to find out any further information on this guy
looks like you failed which it would have been difficult to succeed all right he's just
still whispering at you yeah what does that mean what kind of mystery riddle is this
I think I figured it out I think I figured it out you and I have got to do some sort of little
dance or something right we have to we have to do some we've got to get married I've got to kiss you
that's what is you're gonna turn into a prince I've got to kiss you I try to kiss him okay
let's see what's your other you have your sweetness is two okay well then we'll say you just have to
roll above a 10 if you want to successfully romance this person because they have a very low sweetness
oh baby that's a critical success holy hell I should have had a sound effect to play for that
what a momentous day all right uh not only do you kiss this person you go like you go in let me
pull up some music to really celebrate take the water gang yeah hell yeah uh you go in deep and hard
and do is you're not gonna be able to hear this music by the way but just no sensual music
is gonna be playing oh my god oh you're an excellent lover
um it's so wet
wow it's so wet
oh wait wait
got it job on it did I ever ask you to take me shopping and perry upside
handling overseas and just date me and guccino
we can still see this yeah we can all see this
oh still yes
okay this uh this character is more than blown away by you the glass of water it turns out was you
all along and he just drank deep uh the the little creature this water upset well the water
pervert basically holds up a card for you you took it you successfully took it all right so
I got another purple so I've got two purple cars now
drinking that's a water return to the start dude what what does that mean that's uh that's all
they're saying bill um you can try to do anything else but you got uh you got some purple out of it
you can end your turn now and not doing what it's saying if you'd like listen I I I don't
understand the riddle I give up I did the best I tried to turn you into a prince with a kiss
and a little bit more and it didn't work out so that's it for me all right uh you did not drink a
glass of water so you do return to the start why why why and the the
I would argue that he did actually drink drink the water
it calls after you it's really sad I would argue that he did drink water
he got I mean he didn't get a glass he sucked on that water tongue for a while
listen I don't get I don't get it all right okay well that bill's turn
looks like John is up next John uh let's see what you get in the swing of things here looks like you've
drawn a double purple sending you straight to the plum tree so one obviously what we have to this game
is you're gonna know certain details from other players that your character doesn't you unfortunately
can't use your knowledge of this plum tree against against it um but you do Matt you do get to go
straight to be safe Rodog I will go after the others I'll see you okay see you see you in a bit
dad take care of Rodog he's just a child oh I got an eye on this guy thank you
okay uh my mom was like that wish my head said such a good
come be at risk and I hop on my horse and I hey you didn't take a bite of me
you called me said to fuck myself knock off there we go yes you're doing very well
all right you made it to the gingerbread field congratulations John and
there you do in fact encounter the great uh what the great plum tree
hmm
a human child of the purpose
what
plum tree
how can I help your child of you I am not a child I'm in my late 30s but I must
ask you question I guess I should set the scene actually I forgot there's text here um
rising far above the tree line of the greater wood stands a gnarled ancient oak and here it is
just for that's the gnarled h&o um haggard leaf branches hold a smattering of deep purple fruit
that glow flately faintly even in the harsh sun you have to look closely but they're there
it's an oak tree that is a plum tree that's an azure
it's a it's a candy world uh and the twisted thick trough uh trunk you're right sorry is
overrun with various veins coalescing towards the center that almost resembles a human face
as you can see on it currently uh and uh etched uh etched on to the tree uh is this human face as
you approach the eyes of that face open I sometimes got goldfish memory it's good to see you all sacred
flesh children are welcome here and I must urge you as a citizen of this country of course to make
haste tell me what does the king want from us the human fleshed children as you say
it simply wants your comfort your unending unmoving complete stationary
comfort what could the king need comfort for is the king grieving anything or anyone
hmm perhaps he's grieving the loss of his soul how did the king lose his soul
oh I suppose you'd have to approach the castle and on the way you will see what he is wrong
but as a citizen I must encourage you to make our way speak true to me noble tree
give me some instruction that might help me along my way
okay okay uh John the um let's see what your stats are here uh your sweetness stat is three
um this thing has crazy stats so we'll say you could roll against one of its uh
servants stats basically for this um you just have to roll above a three to what am I trying to roll
to four you we're just we're basically doing a sweetness check you're trying to sweet talk
this tree and telling you more information than it potentially wants to um so you just we're
gonna roll 12 sided die if you roll above a three it will tell you basically what you're asking okay
fingers crossed our first successful roll the day you got a five congratulations I think the result
is I couldn't yeah no that didn't count I forgot about that immediately
first roll the congrats John first successful roll the day that's huge
great work young man what did you ask again you man repeating your question
I said give me some instruction that could help me along my way
my roots run deep and over the entire land throughout this place my servants watch and wait
for an opportunity to return things as they should be the ancient sweet
turn things as they should be so maybe I'd like to use my ability comprehend instruction
to absolutely um uh to unravel that riddle okay great we'll say um because you have a
decent sweet score and that's one of your abilities you just roll 12 sided die but this time you
only have to roll above a two so uh it's it's a low low risk let's see what you get
come on baby oh that's an 11 that's a big time success
so success of the day first success yeah no correct yeah this is good whatever you go
use this secret phrase and those loyal to the plan for the ancient sweet will aid you
the fruit is sweet enough the fruit is sweet enough yes young one yes be careful using this
phrase too many times some of my agents claim that it has changed them these ancient words carry
thank you noble tree I know not what power struggles exist in this world of candy but I know that
thou speakest true and I will say loyal to you and your people what would you like the brand of the
plum the brand of the plum yes any servant who proves themselves worthy make a unit I already
have a tattoo of my former college team the pioneers so I don't know if I should what if I take this plum
tattoo okay can I choose where it goes no can it not be the face it's not going on a face
on the plum tattoo thank you for thank you for I mean it's just a bonus it actually doesn't give
you anything all right I'll take the phrase which is the fruit is sweet enough I'll write it down so
I don't forget it thank you so much noble tree Beatrice let's go the bye friend beware the gummy
all right the uh ancient oak plum tree uh it's trailing off behind you as you speed away
looks like we are finally to Charles thanks for being a trooper
hey hang on a second um before I go uh this is the this is the darnest thing I got a question for raw
dog I um I've actually been to canine land before and I dated a girl from canine land her name was
canine johnson are you related to canine canine johnson yeah is that well part of my lore
is that I don't know who my fam real family is oh well she'd be old enough to be your mother so
okay is she raised by gummy bears oh is she a gummy bear no during this thing she looks
basically just like you but older and woman what perhaps this is my missing uh mother who is crazy
it's just a crazy when I look at you I'm like you look just like canine but I look like
johnson yeah during this thing anyway probably just what kind of name is canine
canine but pronounced wrong I don't you know what I didn't we didn't really get there in our kind
of rendezvous wait a second this kind of is you dated her did you guys have a child maybe
well I you know you might have lost in candy land I don't know about all that I mean we had a few
days sure we had some fun but then I had to go back home you know whoa whoa all right the ground
begins to shake a little bit whoa like separating you too like the land is rebelling against sharing
too much potentially that's my dad hey hey we'll see you next time I gotta run raw dog okay great
you're being the land itself is really carrying you away as you draw wow a single blue card which
actually puts you in the same spot I think is Tim I think is covering up the current spot let me
double share yeah yeah uh yeah so you'll have the option to party help if you want uh okay let's get
you over there Charles both of you two hanging out together it's a thing of beauty all right you
hey you approach the dad right yeah that's me I've just got dad is fine dad that's right
hey there's a weird gingerbread guy here and oh great I gotta let me ask this guy a question
how can I help you what's up hey um do you guys do you have a 680 the fan I was listening to
Joe call the game and uh look we were down or it was it's one to nothing whenever I left when I
got out of the Previa do you have to score the game the gumball game no no no we're playing the Jays
today Jays Braves all I know is Johnny gumball had it has literally five dollars and 25 cents and he
has been running a string of getting gumballs out of that machine this guy sounds like he's
getting smart with me okay I'm gonna hike up my pants so hard it stuns the gingerbread man I'll
roll for it okay great um let me check your stats you have three salt and that's a salty move so
I'll just say you have to roll above a three on a 12 sided die what are you trying to accomplish
with that exactly uh it's I'm gonna say listen here buddy and I'd like to stun him okay you
could stun him which I guess will say makes him more compliant potentially and you only have to
roll above a three let's see how you do oh you nailed it baby that's the success of the day
first success I've seen it so what hey look I don't want any trouble oh what's up failure
listen here I was listening to the game it was one to nothing and then I run into you
so tell me the score of the game the only game I'd taste the gumball game Johnny gumball has the
five dollars and 25 cents he's running up a crazy string of getting gumballs out of that machine
his name is Joe Simpson he was on tv s for two decades he was on my radio 680 the fan
tell me the score of the game all right um I will warn you uh that um
sorry I'm just doing a quick thing uh I'll warn you that the gingerbread guy is getting
pretty stressed out by this if you keep pushing him he will probably fight you okay great
grab about the throat roll for it okay this will be this will give you immediate initiative
if you're successful uh you have a high salt score so again I'll just say we have to roll
above a three four okay you're not gripping him very tightly um but you got him and uh that
I guess will initiate our first um first combat of the day let's see if this whole thing I set up works
I'll help you dad it's not the great plum tree let me um change its name if I can also that health
is way too high uh come up dad listen here you little gingerbread fuck let me just look up
how to change his health so that you don't have to take out 40 stats worth of health is huge that
health is higher than it's supposed to be it's like the secret boss of grotto trigger anybody
dad you're telling me yes I agree thanks handy I mean oh it's EHR is that what I'm doing
HR 15
damn this earthbound shit is gets me right in my oh it worked okay it's all working flawlessly
oh my god I rolled again ignore that one ignore that one all right uh he you have engaged combat you
do have initiative here Charles um because you grabbed him kind of lightly by the throat um you can
use uh your normal attack which because you're level one you just roll a four-sided die and see how
much damage you do and whatever your main stat is um you do additional damage depending on if that
stat is higher than him so your main stat looks like it's salt right great yeah we're gonna go for
the throat rip and pull it out okay go for a full throat rip that's a cat got it I don't think that's
one of your abilities not to be a bummer so I am still gonna just give you the the four-sided
die here and it looks like you're actually matched on saltiness so the most you can do here is four
but you did do four um let's see
how could you fucking do this to me man I'm the only guy in here looking out for you fucking
for you fucking people you come up to me you immediately attack not on my watch all right
this is a level two gingerbread man actually so he rolls a d6 for damage Charles just to warn you
and you do only have eight health because you already took two health off for some reason so
we'll say because you lazily gripped him though we'll say because you lazily gripped him I'll just
have him roll d4 because he's still kind of thrown by being shocked and um and then choked I didn't
hear no bell you piece of fucking shit I'll show you what the heck that's the wrong one work oh no
it's not working I'm gonna roll a d6 actually whoa it's going crazy why is it we're not working
it's rolling it is rolling but it's rolling I got you I got you oh oh one of them is just still
oh
sorry let me fix this real quick sorry I'm gonna also uh if I'm on the same square as dad I'm gonna
I would like to also you can join in this combat um yeah I want to use fireball you have fireball
okay you do have fire which is where I put a fireball candy in my mouth and I spit it out as hard as I can
okay all right let me just fix whatever went wrong here
someone in past says to drown the gingerbread and milk oh that's not a bad idea glenn let's clown this
I like your instincts to choke this mother mother trucker I also went to choke him pretty quick
let's see if the d4 works this time d4 does not work at all all right you said it once
I see the issue is with my d4 so I'm just not gonna roll that anymore your attacks have
officially been upgraded nice John has a four I do a manual for oh do you want to roll a four
for us John yeah all right what you what'd you get well I fixed hopefully fix this um one
oh one okay how could I think that thing also said one actually okay great um the gingerbread
man uh tries to take a swing at you but he just barely barely grazes you
oh sick so take off one health you you you mostly dodged it but you did get you did get dinged
there Tim it's now your turn if you if you officially want to join in the combat yeah I'd
love to I'd like to cast fireball we're gonna do this we were we were we were having candy in
we were hanging out you sure you want to do this you're some candy freak and this guy's a dad
okay you do fireball um what are you basing fireball off of them fireball is based on um
there's no uh hotness let's see
there's no we don't believe in spicy candies here maybe sourness is in the same
okay we'll say sour I'm two you do have a higher sour score than this guy so you get
plus two damage yes if this successfully connects oh I completely forgot that he has armor
so we do have to roll to see if you connect um what's your armor at at a five okay yeah so we
need armor too don't we yeah you want to roll for you guys to dodge you're getting the
own mechanics my mechanics I set up that's fine this guy has to roll above a five to hit either of you
because you're both at five okay anyway uh you just have to roll above we'll say a 10
10
okay that was a 10 oh this thing has gone crazy for some reason but you did roll a 10 so that's uh a
success um and your fireball will say you roll uh a d12 plus two uh to do damage fireball
attack oh wait you don't have any red cards though well whatever we'll just say you can do it just
fuck fuck it works case it's just uh you got a four so he takes uh he takes four damage
oh what the hell is this guy just summoned a fireball out of his goddamn mouth how does that even work
I'm a level one tech wizard wait how did I lose so much help because you also took another hit
somewhere in the middle of it I think my health I took up four four
all right yeah yeah you should be it seven do I get an attack now recoil okay he's got a seven
now um yes he took a turn and he did one damage dude it's not once again your turn Charles
okay I'm gonna grab him by the hair and pull him uh and slam him into the ground
okay uh we'll have you roll a d6 for that again oh wait no first you have to roll to see if you hit
him you have to roll above a 10 actually because he has kind of holy crap dad did you used to be an
athlete yeah I played baseball I wish I had actual dice anywhere I would just abandon this and
start working after it was working so effortlessly a minute ago um let's try this one more time
please d12 you were working for what happened to it all right I'm just gonna open up an online dice
roller I'll do it on the side there we go d12 you rolled a two on this d12
um so that you you do not hit him actually you go to grab his hair um and it just he
realized he doesn't have any because he's a gingerbread guy what the hell you did just
scrape in the top of my head what's wrong with you I'm trying to fight you you drunk what's going on why
are you guys like this I'm gonna kill you I'm going to kill you why okay uh it is it is his turn
to attack now he has to roll above a five um so you guys just eat him he rolls an eight so he does
roll high enough to damage you sorry I can't show this I'll try to fix this at some point um okay
so he's gonna roll a d six for damage and he rolls a six unfortunately um so he's fucking pissed
he rears back with his gingerbread body and for a moment you feel like you can see the outline of
ginger muscles uh as his arm just with surprising force completely slap hands you like uh like
a you know a pro slap russian boxer or something just absolutely flattening you uh take six damage
oh my god oh shit oh um you're at one
I didn't hear no go to gingerbread we go to the one sport gumball shot you were so mean you can be free
Tim you want to get one more shot before I go for the kill or what let's go man um I'm gonna I'm
gonna fucking I'm gonna I'm gonna rip this guy's arms off okay we could use a gummy star card too
yeah no no oh yeah we could get somebody else in here uh use a gummy you can use a gummy you can
summon more although he only has seven health left depending on yeah you're out you're both
as long as dad does die we got this all right we got this I think dad's trying to die before he has to go
rip this fucking arms off roll the dice we'll say that you definitely damaged one of his arms
one of his arms got now has little fissures appearing in it
oh god jeez I just want to emphasize we can't stop fighting I will forgive you if you're willing to
forgive me for whatever it is I did I'm gonna see you in hell you gingerbread fuck
oh I go for the throat rip again do you have any special abilities chuck because you can you could
potentially kill it if you if you want to like use whatever you've decided to your attack ability
I have perfect recall of the 1996 Atlanta Braves roster I give sound financial advice and I can
sleep anywhere okay well say your attack is perfect recall of the 1996 Atlanta Braves roster and
psychic roll above a five it will connect for a for a great 12 damage so okay you rolled a nine so it did
but you have to name the starting pitchers first and but you do have to name them while he while he
takes damage can you really do this check oh my god yeah and I'm afraid you rolled a 10 so he's
fucking post okay so so describe it Charles yeah of course uh you know Steve Avery was uh
an incredible pitcher he was probably our day two but we had three Hall of Fame pitchers we started with
the professor Greg Maddox Tom Glavin Hall of Fame gone Smoltz Hall of Fame coming out of the bullpen
our closer was Mark Lowers a guy
holy shit
he's slaughtered hell yeah all right you murdered his ass you get a free you get it you find amongst
his gooey remains a ginger card and another star card Charles oh my god so you can summon somebody
and the ginger card um lets you move to the nearest ginger man if you want to instead of taking your
you're landed on spot I just want to know the score of the game you're barely alive honestly
just staring at a smoking pile of ginger goo I was always barely alive that's my secret
and that's uh we'll say that's your turn
our first murder of the day congratulations Charles
all right well glenn I'm sorry I had to put you through that you got any more fireballs while we
wait yeah sure here have one of these two spicy there's one damn it's dead fireballs
let's final we're gonna actually complete one round before we have to end for the day
although I don't know how long you guys can go we'll go over long you can um
dandy it is now officially your turn let's see what you draw hell yeah raw dog in it
okay you drew blue so that puts you on the same spot
hey as what is this for the sake of you guys yeah come on out I'm gonna say in honor of the
murdering the person on that square you get a free blue card and you get to draw again
because he's just toast oh okay so there wouldn't be anything to do there you think we could make
something up but well because there's so many spaces we'll try something else but you get a blue
card out of that I'll make that a rule okay if you complete whatever is on the square if
anybody else draws it they get a free uh color card and instead you get a yellow
let's see what's going on at this yellow spot for raw dog coming in last year okay I dig my
spurs into mr beast's haunches the yelps like take giddy up yeah goodbye doing this to make some
kind of video out of it I let a child with a mustache ride me around a candy world for 300 days uh
okay you
you
on the square three let's see what's going on there looks like there is next to the road
a pi person is playing with various uh beakers and other scientific equipment okay a pi person
kill him Andy
uh great um we're gonna just pretend this is a pi what do you do
well okay um so not a not a beast of any kind as far as my beast sense can tell me
um how can I help you would you like to know about my beakers and sciences
yeah
tell me about your beakers and sciences pie well my name is Jill pie the science pie
sort of big around here I guess you haven't you haven't heard of me
no I heard of you I've heard of you okay well uh just so you know we're currently studying
amino acids you know what those are of course I'm yeah amino acids one of the building blocks of
life absolutely and can just because I was raised by gummy bears doesn't mean I'm ignorant of science
oh wow you're a proud child of the bears congratulations thank you well you know it really helped me out uh
you know I had someone smart around I guess I could potentially see you coming in as a lab
partner if you could name three amino acids without using a phone or computer oh oh
oh shit three amino acids
I love aminos jail pie the science pie
okay uh case are there any beasts in the nearby area
go for the kill I'll say you can use your abilities I was imagining some in beast was
like your attack spell Andy but if you'd rather use it to gain secret knowledge from the beast I mean
I could summon a beast just to talk to it and get some info okay so that's another ability of this
summon beast ability as the dm I can summon the beast there and then I can kind of do whatever
I want with it I can tame it or I can mind meld with it okay um what tell me what stat are
you relying on for summon beasts if you summon me I can only I can think of one
I'm not a beast you're not a beast yeah you could use a gummy card to call a friend if you want to
oh okay um I think it's savoriness savoriness is my beast abilities to ever put don't use a
phone or computer should have also mentioned don't use chat oh that is a computer um okay okay uh
uh all right you're using uh bitterness savoriness savoriness you're using savoriness oh also Andy
you can add anyone with any savory stats you can add one health for every savory stat
and for every bitter stat you can add one armor sorry every two bitter stats you can add one
armor for every two bitter stats I can add one armor and for every savory stat you can just add
I had one health.
Oh, I'm heavy in the savory.
OK, so I got 13 health.
You do have 13 health, yeah.
I forgot my own weird rules I made.
OK, do you still want to summon a beast?
Absolutely, yes.
OK, we'll say we have to roll above a five.
I'm trying to think so hard of the amino acids,
and I'm like, oh!
OK, you have to roll above a five on a D12.
Five on a D12.
OK.
I'm rolling for you now, unfortunately off camera.
You rolled a 10.
Congratulations.
A huge success.
You do my beast call.
You do summon a beast.
Let's see what you got.
What's up?
What do you need?
Hello, Beast.
Hello, Master.
Hello, Beast, are you at the dog that eats cheese?
Yes.
This is my secondary master.
I have one other master.
Get that hand out of here.
I give him a little bit of cheese.
Hell, yeah.
And there's more where that came from.
If you can tell.
If you can help me out with this,
I've got to become lab partners with a pie man.
Sistine.
A-sistine.
Aspartic.
Aspartic acid?
I don't know.
I'm just communing with the ground.
I don't understand human words at all.
Everything I say is pure instinct.
Sistine.
Sistine.
I think glycine is another.
Sistine, glycine.
That's good because I can only give you two
and you just said, I think three.
Good job, Master.
Did I really?
Cheese sometime.
I will.
Thank you, dog.
OK.
You successfully named three amino acids.
Fuck yeah.
Oh, I didn't even have to ask Mr. Beast if he knew any.
Oh, yeah.
That little guy you're riding.
Does he like science?
Yes, he absolutely does.
Incredible.
Wow.
He seems like a very interesting guy
with a really dynamic personality.
Well, look, I mean, I love a lab partner
and I do want to set up any lab partner I have
with only the finest equipment.
So just to be scientific here, I'm
going to give you a Popsicle card.
Oh, hell yeah.
I'm going to give you a Popsicle card.
You're like a scientist guy.
I'm Jill Pie the Science Pie.
OK.
And I'm giving you the scientific equipment
of this Popsicle card.
And also you get to add a sour, a yellow card.
A yellow card?
Yeah.
OK.
Sick.
And plus one sour to you for being so smart.
Oh, hell yes.
I had zero sour.
Wow.
How are you so smart with so little sour?
Well, I was raised by gummy bears.
I'm kind of an uneducated barbarian child.
Wow.
That's great.
I sort of got.
Yeah.
I don't have much of a personality outside of science.
I think he's, I just don't have much of a personality
outside of science.
I don't have that many interests.
That's OK.
I'm kind of getting a rule of threes desire to choke you.
OK.
She's not suspicious of you.
For science?
Is it scientific?
Is it for science?
It's really actually not scientific at all.
What?
There's no reason that I should do it.
In fact, it's deeply.
OK.
I pie is not on guard.
So you do have to roll.
It has five armor much like you.
So if you want to attack it, you have to roll.
What?
It's not on guard.
Can I rule to resist my desire to choke him?
Can I rule to resist the rule of threes?
You absolutely can.
I'll say that that is that it's going against your sour score,
which is now at a one, which fortunately matches this thing.
So you just have to roll above a 50-50, basically.
We'll say we'll roll an eight.
And if you get a four above, we'll give you
like a little over 50-50.
No, don't choke him, Ron.
You critically success the desire to choke him.
You're holding eight out of eight.
I'm like pulling my hand down, reaching for him.
And I'm like, oh, wait, did you want to choke them
or to not choke?
You're rolling not.
So you're not.
I'm rolling to not choke.
Not only do you not choke them, this pie
discovers deep inside of it a primal sensuality from the threat
that it's sort of fascinated by.
Oh, you're so strong.
Oh, no.
Whoa.
Holy shit.
You're like a wild animal that can hold itself back.
Well.
Kiss the pie.
You learn a lot living among the gummies.
This is a child.
This is a child.
I've had a lot of experience.
OK, I've had a rough eight years.
I'm also a child.
I'm Jill Pines of Science Pime.
Oh, how old are you?
Nice.
10 and pie years.
That makes it work pretty close.
How does that convert?
Anyway, I don't get what sex is or understand that,
but I was weirdly fascinated with your choking.
So if you ever need me in a fight, let me know.
I'll be right there.
I absolutely will.
No, as soon as I get back with my dad,
who I think is a few spaces ahead of me,
I'm going to ask him what sex is.
Let me know if you find out.
I'll let you know once I find out what sex is.
OK, you've gained the power in one combat encounter
to call for Jill Pie the Science Pie.
Hell yeah.
You're your critical success.
Nice.
What an incredible turn.
Resisting the urge to choke her.
OK, cool.
And I think with that, that's your turn, Andy.
Hell yeah.
Miss you already.
Crazy that the guy who's a beast barbarian
is the only guy who hasn't attacked a character immediately.
Yeah.
Well, you know, he understands the consequences.
I think a lot of two people attacked a character.
No, that's true.
That was Tim and Chuck.
Yeah, that's true.
No, there's been lots of great restraint on our part.
They did fully murder a character that really
could have helped them at various points.
Seemed like a nice guy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Really harmless.
Harmless.
I didn't trust him.
OK, Claren is back to you.
Let's see what you get.
I've shoveled this thing three times,
and every time I fan it out, it's just all the same cards
back to back to back.
Let me shuffle.
It's Candyland.
I guess it's only four or five types of cards,
so that doesn't make sense.
All right.
OK, you draw.
A green.
Wow, does that keep you in this area, actually?
I'm surprised you didn't make it out if it's.
Nope, you've officially made it out of the gingerbread field.
And you are now headed to the peppermint wastes.
Oh, god.
Scooch this over.
Whoop.
OK, where's Claire?
There's Claire.
She's going to.
What did I say?
Would you draw a blue?
Green.
Green, I think.
You're in the green spot now.
OK, let's find out what the deal is with the peppermint wastes.
As you pace along the winding path into the forest line,
the relentless sun begins to weaken.
A chill creeps from the darkness ahead.
Within these steps, the trees degrade from vibrant green
to sickly brown.
Then gray, then ghostly white.
Though the prismatic syrup road still
cuts the landscape, the snowfall piled on along either side
deepens with each step.
You stick out your tongue, expecting flakes,
maybe powdered sugar, but recoil when you realize it's salt.
That's somehow also bitter.
The deeper you venture into the woods,
the harder the snow salt falls, becoming
a persistent hail of tiny crystals.
The cacophony of salt beads pinging off
the hulls of the broken trees reminds you
of those rain stick toys you played with years,
or was it months ago?
The shells of porcelain white trees
now single shocks of red running up their trunks.
It's like someone forced Cormac McCarthy
to write a rank and pass movie.
Also, some of these trees have maggots on their mend.
The maggots are made out of white hairheads,
with airheads right around and stuff.
It's so gross.
The point is it's cold here and it kinda sucks.
The peppermint wastes.
That was awesome.
Okay, Claire, you're in the peppermint wastes.
You've landed on square 13.
I got salt on my tongue.
You got salt on your tongue?
Careful, it's somehow bitter salt.
A shell game operator is shouting,
10 gets you, well, I guess they're just shouting it, so.
10 gets you 20, 20 gets you 40.
10 gets you 20, 20 gets you 40.
A side bonus, side bonbons are all over the table.
Do you care to wager some sweetness points
to try to pick which chocolate has a cherry inside?
20 gets you 40, 10 gets you 20.
Okay.
Let's do it.
Well, just so you know, that'll cost you either 10 or 20 jelly.
Let's do 10.
I tried to, you know, my dad was teaching me
about the value of a dollar before my parents got divorced
and he didn't have time to finish the lesson, but.
Okay.
I think spending less money is good.
Okay, let me get the cherries out.
Just one second.
Don't worry, I got a ton of cherries.
It's not a big deal, so just give me one second
to get them out.
Okay.
Because then you do need to guess which one has a,
wait, a bonbon inside?
No, which chocolate has a cherry inside?
Sorry, which chocolate?
So this is confusing actually, because these are cherries.
I've changed it, it's which cherry has a chocolate inside?
It's always crazy.
Those are bunch of cherries, but you do get 20 guesses.
It's crazy.
I was trying to get to 20.
So look at it and find some method to communicate to me
which cherry you're guessing has the chocolate inside.
I have picked one, and I know which one it is.
Okay, so the whole bowl of cherries.
Wait, can I ask you a question about you?
I mean, I just, I'm a simple.
Do you consider?
Do you consider yourself to be a beast?
I mean, we've all got of the five natures, you know,
of sweet, sour, salt, bitter, and savory.
There's a little bitter in all of us, the bitter beast.
Okay.
But functionally my class is cotton candy person,
I'm not a beast.
My class.
Okay, okay.
Can I call my, can I use my stargummy
to call my fellow child, Raw Dog here?
You certainly can if Raw Dog agrees.
Raw Dog, do you agree?
Do you agree to be thumb into this square?
I should really do that.
Yes, I do.
Yes.
Okay, great.
Raw Dog is summoned to your location, Claire.
I'll move them on the board in a minute.
But Raw Dog, you're here.
Me and Mr, I'm still on Mr. Beast.
You brought that little guy ran over here fast.
Yah, yah!
Claire, did you have a particular question for Raw Dog?
Yeah, Raw Dog, hi.
Thank you so much for coming.
Hey, Gina.
Hello.
I was wondering if you could help me.
I know this guy's like not like a beast,
but if you had like any kind of like candy land insight
on like which one of these cherries has chocolate
or like if you had any ideas about how to tell
since you're from here.
Okay, yes.
Well, okay, this is something everybody in candy land
has to learn or die.
Okay.
Yeah, I've definitely been, I've done,
I've definitely encountered this cherry situation before.
Okay.
Yeah, so I'm gonna use my ability,
Beast Mind Meld with Mr. Beast on Mr. Beast.
Okay.
You're gonna mind-beld with Mr. Beast.
Which cards do you have, Andy?
What's your card stack?
What do I have right now?
I have a blue card, a popsicle card, a yellow card,
and a gummy star card.
Okay, cause this is basically an investigation check.
I will say that will cost you a yellow card
if you wanna do it.
I'll burn it.
Okay. I'll burn it.
You're burning the yellow card to Mr. Beast it up.
Looks like this guy also only has five armor,
much like you, so I'm gonna roll a 20 sided die
if you roll above a five.
We'll say it's a success.
I'm merging Mr. Beast, our eyes switch colors.
You rolled an eight, it was closer than one might hope,
but you made it.
Okay, you have mind-melded with Mr. Beast.
Just to clarify, what was the intention behind
mind-melding with Mr. Beast?
Well now I have all of the sort of abilities
that Mr. Beast has.
Okay.
Mr. Beast.
That's okay, it's too powerful.
Mr. Beast has like the powers of a beast.
There's now three people here just to try and guess
which cherry.
I'm gonna say the instincts of Mr. Beast kick in
and suddenly the cherries start multiplying.
Do they start multiplying?
Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Under you you hear the grumbling of,
I assembled over eight billion cherries
to find out which cherry has the most chocolate inside.
Oh yes.
But while that's happening, these cherries are growing too much
and they suffocate and kill our cherry,
our whatever, our guessing man here
who did have nefarious intentions.
Basically I'm saying you kind of nailed this investigation
check with your ability.
You saw through this man's scheme to poison you
and now he's gonna fucking die.
Yeah.
So Mr. Beast was able to tell that they were poisoned?
There's too many cherries.
No, Mr. Beast just did his Mr. Beast thing
and tried to make content out of it
and it accidentally killed the guy.
Nice.
He's gonna bring his slaughtered.
Fuck yes.
Hell yes, dude.
This is so wrong.
I mean like my Sunday school taught me never to take a life.
Like that's one of the number one things.
I'm sorry he really murders us.
I mean this is like,
this is against like all the values.
Like if that value is wrong, like what else is wrong?
In your defense it wasn't really your fault
it was the cosmic bond between Andy and his horse
that happens to be Mr. Beast.
That's right.
Okay.
And I was born with Candyland morality.
So, and I know that only the strong survive in Candyland.
So I eat, I feast upon a little bit
of his burst remains of the cotton candy.
I'm like, don't let this go to waste.
You both officially level up from killing this guy.
So you can become level two
and you can spread five stats however you want
amongst your current stats.
Fuck yes.
And just so you know better,
every two bitter stats gives you more armor.
Every one savory stat gives you more health.
You also amongst his charred remains
each find two red cards.
So you can burn those to play special.
Red cards.
Is what that special task is intended for.
Okay.
And as you're doing that,
a different cotton candy person comes out.
Oh my God.
Oh my God, Jeffrey.
Oh my God.
I lick a little bit of his friend off my lips.
There's so many cherries everywhere, holy shit.
Oh my God.
These are just too many of these
they're going to get rid of.
Your friend was trying to poison us.
You noticed that?
Well, what the fuck was up with that?
Why was he trying to poison Gina?
You guys got it.
You got what you needed.
Just get out of here.
Hey, where are you going?
Just get out of here.
You guys get out.
Joke him.
Bro, Doug, can I ask you a question?
Of course, Gina.
You said something about Candyland morality.
Is there divorce in Candyland?
I would say that divorce is the rule
and that union marriage is the exception here in Candyland.
Yeah, there's lots of divorce.
You do have to divorce yourself
from your feelings all the time to survive.
Okay, thanks.
You've given me a lot to think about.
Appreciate you, Raw Dog.
Thanks for saving my life with your nude man horse.
Appreciate you.
Appreciate you, Gina.
Yeah.
Okay, that I guess we'll do it for your guys turn.
Well, Andy, you'll have another turn coming up,
but we move on to Tim.
Although, Tim, where are you?
You're not in the wastes.
You're somewhere else.
Oh, you're right at the start.
For Beck.
I forget.
Did Tim and Chuck level up
after they killed the gingerbread man?
No, I have levels next to these people
that are supposed to identify.
Although, I'll probably lose track of it
because I'm not writing anything down.
But basically you're halfway to leveling up
from killing that guy.
The other guy was a higher level enemy than you, so.
And you killed him with your pure skill.
That's right.
Yeah.
Tim, you draw the double orange.
I'm sick.
I'm amazed how many of the same squares are coming up.
I guess it makes sense.
You got to go, Chuck?
No, I'm saying goodbye to you, Glenn.
You're leaving our square.
Bye, dad.
I'll see you soon.
Let's go with him.
You can party up.
So if you want to go together, you can.
Party up, dad.
Come on.
I'm in.
OK, great.
Let's go.
We'll say that you know both take turns together.
Double the turn, double the fun.
And Andy's in Clare Square now.
Yes.
Did you want to stay, Andy?
You can come back here after the turn.
What would your other stay up there?
I'll stay in Clare Square.
OK, great.
Charles, you made it also to Carl Square.
You guys both owe Carl.
Fuck.
So you can actually.
I'll say you can all party up if you want.
That would expedite the game, probably.
I'm not part.
I don't want to go on Orange.
I would owe Carl 30 jellies.
You do both.
So I just paid 60 jellies.
You've made it officially to the gingerbread fields.
Congratulations.
You're almost to the peppermint waste.
You both owe Carl $30.
And you know, this place is so cool.
You are welcomed by Carl, who is just standing there waiting
for you.
Enjoy that jelly.
Wait, what's your guy's name again, Carl?
Oxford.
Oxford.
Oxford.
Whoa, this is so cool.
And he's on a bit of a delay, but he's not muted.
I can't hear Carl.
I can't hear me either.
Shit, the power of capitalism silenced him.
Well, he's while he's getting his shit together.
You can investigate this area.
The monopoly man is no longer here.
But there is like a little station
where he was before.
Oh, Carl's Oxford.
Hey, there you go.
Oxford, it's crazy here.
Yes, I own this place.
We killed a gingerbread man earlier.
Why?
Because he's some fucking candy freak, man.
That's why.
OK, I'll accept that.
But actually, look around.
I think there's nothing but candy freaks.
What is this place?
Where are me and dad?
Well, you're at my new place.
And as close as we are, since we're good friends,
I'll only charge you 20 jelly to stay here.
Wait, what the fuck?
Eat.
That's nice.
What?
This is more expensive than an Airbnb, I'm assuming.
Yes, but you don't have to clean.
Nice.
No cleaning.
No cleaning fees.
No, you don't have to.
You don't have to do the dishes before you leave.
You can just leave them out everywhere.
And what do we get to hang here?
Do you have 680, the fan?
Not on me, but I haven't listened to that in years.
Is that a radio station?
Damn it.
Yeah, AM radio.
AM radio in Atlanta, Georgia.
OK.
Trying to get the score of the game.
Back in the day, you would listen to the WSB.
Sorry, Glenn.
I'm you know what?
I actually do need to take a nap.
So I'm probably just going to lay down.
Smart.
I guess if we if if this is a place that we can stay then, yeah,
I guess I guess you can rest here.
Yes, rest.
Come in.
Are you the new masters of me?
Ah, oh my God.
Are you my new master?
Yes, we are.
Yeah, I presume this is the building talking.
Huh?
What is this?
I can't see you.
I'm a heart of the field.
Who are you?
I'm your friend.
I come with you.
Oh, OK.
Hmm.
Glenn, you know what to do.
I'm going to give a strong wink to Glenn.
And I'd like to roll for the wink.
OK, you're rolling for a wink at this thing.
No, no, not at this thing.
I'm glad.
At me.
At me.
I'm glad.
Sorry.
A wink at Glenn.
OK.
Yeah, this wink is actually going to double Glenn's health
and strength.
This is a wink that powers Glenn up.
OK, let's see.
Charles, your highest stat is your salt stat.
But this is a sweet move.
So I think that you're going to have a pretty steep success
level here.
I'm going to say you have to roll above a 12 on a d20.
And you rolled a nine.
So your eyes sort of twitching at Tim.
And he can't really tell what you're getting at.
Like what?
OK, what?
Feed me your juices and I'll come with you.
Huh?
Give me your juice.
My juice.
Give me your juices.
Does anyone have any juice?
It's in you.
What's this thing talking about?
Give me the juices.
What's that?
Again.
Oh, it's kind of winking at me in a weird way.
What kind of juices?
What kind of juices are you after thing?
Hmm, some juice in you.
Wait a minute.
You're not talking about my blood, are you?
I'm going to say he got the drop on you.
Shit.
Because you technically, I don't know,
I should have started choking.
You're going to choke.
Shit.
Oh, that's not his name.
He is got to remember.
He started choking.
OK, he's talking strangely, but he's
the little stronger than the last guy you fought.
You do have to roll above an 11 to hit him.
But the other than that, he's pretty much the same.
He gets the first attack, though.
He's going to roll a D6 against you, Tim.
OK.
Because you were the first person who first approached him.
Oh wait, first he has to roll a 20 against your armor, which is five.
OK.
He 18 that, so he is going to hit.
Shit.
He rolls a six.
He hits you for three.
You were hit.
You'll be a little bit of juice in there.
You son of a bitch.
Roll to choke.
I think because you're hit, the first person to attack
is actually Charles.
And then you'll loop around at the end of the turn.
You can't you don't even have to join in on the fight, Carl.
Do I do I get a turn though?
I'll take a turn when it comes.
Then you're after Charles.
Charles, what do you do?
Sweet.
OK, I'm going to I'm going to try and sleep this guy so that we
can murder him and sleep.
OK, do you have any items related to that?
Yeah, Eric Larson novel.
I'm going to try and read him the novel.
OK, great.
We'll say that will be.
We'll say that's against your sweet stat, which is low.
But I'll say you just have to roll above a 10 on a d20.
OK.
And you nailed it.
An 18.
A thousand trains a day entered or left Chicago.
Many of these trains brought single young women who had never
seen a city but now hope to make one of the biggest and toughest
their home.
Jane Adams, the urban reformer who founded Chicago's
Hall House, wrote never before.
It's all right, guys, let's get him.
He's dead asleep.
Yeah, he skipped his next turn.
Hell yeah.
Nice.
So that means you got a full round of attacks on him
before he can even reply.
Carl, you are up next.
Huge success in a box.
Sure, sure.
Unfortunately, my plan was the same as Chuck's.
I was going to philosophize, which I have written in here
that puts conscious beings within two squares to sleep.
Yeah.
Also, Charles, you are you have burned that item now.
So you do have to get off the list.
That's fine.
You can if you want it.
I guess it could still have an effect, but it would
put him into like the second level of inception.
You would go down a level of sleep.
Oh, yeah.
So Carl could philosophize, but he'll
be like rendered useless for another turn.
Sure, I'll say I'll say it's harder.
I'll say you have to roll above a 14,
but you can try that if you want.
Bring this handle.
You're going to smash it.
Doesn't he have fire bolt?
Yeah, you're a dentist.
But I see no reason to kill this hard thing.
He started the attack.
It seems like killing things gives you more reward.
Help us, Oxford.
Help us.
Hell yeah.
I'll help you for 20 additional jelly.
What the hell?
He's still playing below.
Fine, fine, fine.
Here's the jelly.
Here's the jelly.
No, you can take Tim's 20, but I'm
going to give you 50 jelly if you can kill him in one turn.
OK.
OK, challenge.
OK.
I will say in that case, the highest success chance
you have is probably philosophizing him into the abyss.
OK, well then I'm going to try to philosophize him
into the abyss.
Do you have my roll dice?
But before I philosophize, I'm going to eat an onion.
OK, that's one of your items.
That's one of my, I have a bag of onions.
All right, I'll say you only have to roll above a five
now, because that does seem like a pretty important onion,
given that it wasn't the press material
for this particular stream.
If anyone's wondering or saw the social media post,
that's a video of Carl eating an entire onion.
So I'm going to say it gives you, it levels up your, what's
the most, what of these stats is the most onion you bitter?
Bitter, yeah.
Yeah, sour.
I'll say it gives you three bitter.
You now have three additional bitter,
meaning you gain also one armor.
And you get to roll a five or up for this on a 20.
Let's see if my 20 is working.
It's probably not.
OK, yeah.
Was a two, so you do fail.
Oh, no.
Unless it was an 11.
Oh, I got a raid.
Mr. Brownie cake, thank you for the raid.
OK, you did gain all those stats,
but it does look like the thing that showed up on screen
was correct.
And unfortunately, you rolled a two.
I don't think counts as a critical failure.
I think only a one does, but very close.
So he's still asleep, but basically you just
mumble some philosophy over him, and essentially nothing
happens.
OK, Tim.
Is the bitterness buff permanent?
Yes.
Tim, it is now your turn.
He's still asleep.
OK.
What is this?
What is this creature?
Candy heart of the forest or the field?
A candy heart of the fields.
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
I'll go to I'm going to try to grab the heart by its two
haunches and bust it over my knee.
Hmm.
OK, that's what I'll do.
That is still it's not a good wizard would.
So that is still going to say that's still a basic attack.
OK.
These dice are so annoying.
OK, that was that one.
You rolled off screen.
You rolled a five.
So you do do five damage to the sleeping heart.
It's our switching.
But it is asleep.
It sleeps with its eyes open because it's a fucking heart.
Scary.
OK, you did five.
Great.
That's a hit, baby.
Awesome.
It is back to you, Charles.
Oh, I can attack again.
Yeah, because it's asleep.
It's asleep, but it will wake up after you attack.
OK, great.
Cool.
So I'm going to use my Toyota Previa key and cut it in half.
Is that one of your 10 incredible items?
It is.
I have a Toyota Previa key and I'm going to use it as a sword
and cut him in half.
OK, I'll say.
This item is going to be expended.
Are you sure you want to use it?
You can.
Yeah, I can get a locksmith to open up the Previa whenever
I'm ready to leave.
Oh, perfect.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Are you a Triple A membership?
Yeah.
I get it.
And you haven't used any of your calls this year?
No, no, I'm saving it for this.
Good.
Good.
OK.
OK, I rolled a d10.
Unfortunately, you did roll a one.
Sorry, I wish I could show you all this, but that is.
Does that count as a fail?
I don't think critical failures happen on damage, I think,
just on other checks.
So unfortunately, you do just do one damage to this thing.
And that does wake him up.
All right, let's go.
OK, he is back awake.
What the hell?
Where's the only juice that's still here?
You son of a bitch.
OK, he's pumped up for juice.
He's going to use his special ability, B-Mine, which
will say he has to roll above a 12 on a d20.
But then one of you will temporarily switch sides
for a turn and fight the other two.
Oh, no.
Roll on a 20.
He only rolled an 11, very close.
He locks eyes with Tim, and Tim, for a moment, you're tempted.
Oh my goodness.
Oh.
B-Mine.
Oh, you are a sexual creature.
That is for certain.
There's something to you.
There's something.
Wait, what am I doing?
Snap out of it.
Carl, it's looped back around to you.
I try to talk to the heart to make it peaceful.
OK, just a general no using items or abilities
on this one.
No, no, I'm just saying, hey, we can be cool.
Rip his balls off, Ox.
OK, that's your sweet stat.
He has a really high sweet stat.
His is six.
So unfortunately, you're going to have
to roll above a 14 on this.
Mine's a three.
Does that help?
Oh, yours is higher.
Yeah, I was thinking of Tim's.
Yeah, never mind.
You only have to roll above a 9.
13.
OK, so he is open to being convinced.
To settle down and not get the goo out of you.
Oh, what?
But you don't want my goo, you know?
My juice isn't for you.
I need it.
But I love all the juice.
No, no, you don't.
You don't like my juice.
Is your juice bad?
We can just be friends.
Be be my friend.
Be mine.
Friend.
OK, Carl, you've successfully convinced
him to stop attacking you, but he's still
making eyes at Charles and Tim.
I'll say to completely end the combat,
you do have to roll.
We'll just say above a six on a d 20
because he is mostly settled down.
But if not, he will attack the other two.
You rolled a 10.
So he's officially chilling.
He's finally chilling the fuck out.
Wow.
Nice.
OK.
No.
You can be friends with the juice.
I'm going to be leaving soon.
I'm going to be leaving soon and I'm going to leave you
as working the front desk of this building.
OK.
Well.
And anyone who doesn't give you 30 jelly,
let's say 40 jelly, you can have their juice.
OK.
It increases the rent.
40 jelly or I get juice.
Steep prices on both ends.
Well.
OK.
And you can keep five jelly of every 40.
Well.
OK.
You get all get a purple card out of this
because he is more or less a purple heart.
Also purple cards you can spend to level up at any time.
There are a whole level, a whole level,
but you do lose the card.
You can use it for other things, but I won't say what.
Some characters just like certain cards later on the map.
So you can say that you can bake it and level up
in a pinch or you can level up on everyone.
So we're done with our turn.
Unless there's anything else you guys particularly
want to do in this area, I'd say that's probably
a big enough turn.
We can probably end it there.
OK.
Whose turn was that?
That was Tim's turn.
Well, it's immediately back to Carl's turn.
And you guys are all in a party apparently.
So Carl, do you guys want to travel with Carl?
I do.
Yeah.
OK, great.
I'll say three is officially the maximum party size.
Otherwise we could end up with all seven of you
just moving about the board and one clump.
All right.
You also also this mechanic does bring the party
like way further down the map because they get three turns
for each.
Yes.
Yeah, OK.
You know what?
Maybe I mean I don't want to.
Can I deny the party?
You absolutely can.
Yeah.
I don't want to speak for dad, but I'm actually pretty tired.
And if we're already at a place we can rest,
maybe we can heal here.
We can rest up.
We already paid for it after all from our friend.
We already paid the damn rent.
Maybe we can sleep here and recharge some of our health.
I'll save your down, Carl.
You can skip your turn and everyone
can do a full rest and regain all their health.
Well, I'm saying Carl can hang on with his turn.
Yeah.
And we can stay here and rest.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
You can go off by yourself and we can say they're doing that.
Yes.
OK.
So they can continue beating up every creature they see.
We're brawlers.
Also though, I'm not too concerned about people
making progress on the board because this is going
to take forever.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm still at the beginning.
Yeah.
What do you say we stay here for the night, Jack?
You want it.
You're a drunk, I got in water, Bill.
You needed to drink a glass.
I didn't understand the riddle.
Carl, you got a double yellow.
Oh, and whenever you draw these cards,
do add it to your total.
So you get to add two yellows to your stock file
and you're going to move forward to spaces.
Added.
OK, great.
The next.
OK, while you're rocketing ahead, Carl.
Boom.
Well through the peppermint wastes.
That might take you completely out of them, actually.
Oh, not quite.
All right, yeah, you're still in the peppermint wastes.
This is your first time in there.
But we don't need to see the thing again.
Anyway, you are now in the peppermint wastes.
Oh, chili.
Let's see what the hell is going on on this square.
OK, you know, I won't read this whole thing.
But you encounter a creature known as Icebreaker Gum.
Hello, traveler.
Hello.
OK, what's your deal?
Yes, I am looking for the King's Castle
so that I can go to a feast.
Oh, wow.
Could you like name your three favorite movies?
Name my three favorite movies.
Minor Avatar, the second Avatar, and No Country for Old Men.
OK.
Yeah, those are good movies.
Yeah, what's your one?
I've only seen one of them, two of them.
Wow, that's really fun to know.
I feel like I'm getting to know you.
Yeah, yeah, my favorite movie.
Is this a date?
Ah, oh, you're moving.
OK, my favorite movies.
This is just the Matrix.
The Matrix, OK.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sinecta Key New York.
Oh, good to.
And Homily, are you peaceful?
I mean, I just like to get to know people.
I see a lot of people on this road.
OK.
Before you go.
You want to?
Yes.
I mean, I feel like we're getting to know each other so well.
I've got a lot of room in my ball.
There's anything you'd like to slide in there.
The hell?
My container ball.
It's like a storage.
I always wanted to put more in it.
I love a prize.
Yeah.
Why don't I give you a orange card?
Whoa, OK.
Carl, you slide an orange card into its mouth portal.
Oh, dear.
Oh, give me.
Carl, give me Carl.
Oh, oh.
Are you not?
Oxford.
There you go.
Oh.
Hold on my fingers.
No.
I mean, I feel like I'm really getting to know you.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
A little bit comes out sometimes when I get to know you.
Oh.
Well, you know, I feel like I got
to give you something because you just put something so nice
inside me.
Yeah, that sounds fair.
Balls are just flying out of you anyway.
It's disgusting.
Yeah, I keep picking these up.
Do you want these?
You're just like.
No, those are the bad ones.
You don't want those.
Oh, OK.
OK, I'll drop them.
You want to wash your hands.
Oh, OK.
There's no water here.
It's all fur is in salt.
At some point, I would wash your hands.
I'll just wipe my hands on some frozen salt.
Because you were so kind to give me something.
I guess I'll give you this ice cream card.
I don't have any use for cream.
I only like hard, nice objects in my body.
Sometimes those are not mutually exclusive,
and I'll take that card.
Fantastic.
Well, I mean, it's not every day I meet a fellow minded person
that I can really connect with so quickly.
I'm glad, yeah, I'm glad we had a peaceful discussion.
I should warn you there's some brawlers coming.
So no girl girl.
The big plastic eyes are just kind of staring at you.
There's no there's unfortunately no depth here beyond ice breaking.
OK.
I use my purple card to level up.
OK, great.
You can spread five stats as you would like around your stats
and your base damage.
You're now roll a D8 instead of a D6.
Oh, wait, anybody who I should have been doing that already.
OK, he's just staring at you and his balls are flying out.
And we move along to Bill, who's still at the very start
of the game because he refused to drink water.
I don't know what it means.
What?
Oh, sorry, I should remember your character names.
I by that I mean
it's a root getter getter root can on all is still a no doctor at all.
Yes. OK.
Let's see what Bill gets.
Wait, OK, so you said sweetness.
What's the sweetness health conversion?
Just a note, savory.
Every savory point.
And what's the armor conversion?
Whatever the stat is, one of the left of savory
gives you one over per two.
You know, one over two bidder.
Two bidder. OK, so OK.
OK, I'm all set.
Check. All right.
What am I going?
Will Bill draw now?
There are my going like all my instincts are to shuffle.
OK, great.
Bill, you've actually you might be making up some ground here.
This is double red.
That red. Yeah, that is red.
So red. Let's go.
The double red for Bill.
All right.
Number seven.
Boom, right next to John, just behind John.
It's a seven. OK.
Oh, I think I mixed up.
OK, I'm just going to do this.
Great.
So you are in the shadow of the great
Okan plum tree
and just outside of it, an unassuming
fairly stock and standard candy resident
is pushing a cart and just sort of whistling
and it's just pushing it in the opposite direction that you came.
One of the few people you've seen going the other way.
I was what's all this then?
What? What's all this then?
I'm a candy cart pusher.
All right.
Fuck off, then.
OK.
Hey, hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Give it. Give it to me.
You want to become a candy cart push?
Yeah. Yeah. No.
I'm kind of hated in this world.
Yeah, I can see that.
I can.
I can tell that I fucking hate you've got right now.
I just met you.
You used to.
What? What?
Why is everybody else hate you then?
Oh, well, we defy this.
We defy progress. We move back.
Oh, I see.
I see.
You're one of these conservatives.
Well, I don't think we defy progress.
I just think people leave a lot of great stuff behind.
You're collecting it all.
I want to go whatever I can get in the cart.
We got anything in there for me, then.
But the candy cart is for collecting, not giving.
All right.
Well, but if you'd like to join our ranks,
I suppose you could take the oath.
But, you know, I swore the sacred oath of dentistry.
I suppose what's what's one more oath?
Oh, it's very rare for us to find recruits
due to the caste system of the kingdom
placing us at the absolute bottom.
So it's a huge relief to see you say yes.
Oh, I'll tell you what, I fucking hate that.
Yeah, me too.
You're at the bottom just because some
nutter up at the top of the hill says so.
Yeah, I think that's exactly.
Fuck that.
But right, you can't say that if you go to the upper parts of the kingdom
because I'll tell you what, I'm on my way there right now.
And I'll say to the fucking King's face, I'll say fuck you.
You're not like the other guy.
No, I'm not.
I'm a fucking dentist, man.
OK, well, I guess if you're down,
raise whichever hand you use to stuff sweet confections into your mouth.
And repeat after me.
I let me get our sacred music going.
Actually, you won't be able to hear it.
I defy the relentless march forward.
Well, you cut out.
I did. Yeah.
Can't hear me.
No, I hear you now.
I defy the relentless march forward.
I defy the relentless march forward.
I am all that stands behind the behind.
I am all that stands behind the behind.
Well, if I find it, I will put it in and I will leave nothing behind.
If I find it, I will put it in and I will leave nothing behind.
I am a candy cart operator.
I am a candy car operator.
Congratulations.
You are now one of us.
All right, so give me the car then.
Does mean there has to be one less of us, though.
Thank you for your service and best of luck.
No, no.
What the?
Oh, well, that's fine.
I fucking hate these ducks anyway.
Unfortunately, that was the end of the candy cart operator.
It is a lineal secession of a job.
But you did release him from the terrible burden
of being at the absolute bottom of the tier system of this kingdom.
Yeah, you can add candy cart operator to your class
in addition to dentist.
You can be a dentist candy cart operator.
And most importantly, you know, whenever you draw a card,
can move backwards if you want.
You can go forward or backwards.
Wow, I can go back to the start again.
You could go back to the start.
There's a real theme here for you, Bill, of just a of returning.
Actually seems pretty powerful.
It can be pretty good.
There are a lot of shortcuts and stuff.
Well, there's two.
OK, great.
Looks like up next we have John.
All right.
John, let's see what you get.
I cut the deck.
Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy.
All right, Beatrice, don't eat the candy.
Oh, and sorry, your character's name.
I got to remember these.
Sir Francis Dorfin of Jake Mills.
Or Jake Mills.
Or Jake Mills.
Sir Francis Dorfin is my Renaissance night name.
I understand, Mr. Dolphin.
Dorfin. Dorfin.
Dorfin.
Dorfin is French.
It's just Dorfin.
English. OK, great.
Sorry, I'm really trying to mix this up.
OK, let's see what you get.
What? A yellow.
A single yellow.
I know not to. Can I take again?
Do you have any?
No.
I have all the go to the yellow.
If you can justify it, I will let you draw again.
But you have to give me some reason.
You can't justify it.
Well, you do get plus one yellow.
OK, let's see what you find. Oh, yeah.
Let's see what you find at the yellow square.
All right.
Wait a minute. This is the fucking food truck one.
OK, you know what?
Because they already killed who was there, right?
Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, that's the rule.
Oh, wait, no, they didn't.
Well, that was set by.
They paid him and let him let him go in a very way.
Yeah, but then he died, right?
Did he die? Yeah, he's still there.
So I'm afraid. Oh, it's a different guy.
I'm afraid you are standing back in the presence of Jolly Jim's
meat world of real meat.
Go. Congratulations on running into the
the finest meat emporium and all of the candy kingdom.
I'm kind of meat.
Human type from the world of human meat.
Whatever the type of it is that you have.
I challenge you to a duel.
What? I take my sword and I stab him in the throat.
I'm going to say you got the drop on him because
well, he's not going to say that.
I'm going to say you got the drop on him.
What's his name? Jolly Jim.
Using my challenge for ability,
which I you got the drop on Jolly Jim.
I need to find somebody who can teach me some
some some sword fighting techniques or maybe I can get one when I level up.
But most of my abilities are passive
except for that one.
Right. He's not icebreaker gun.
I keep doing my commands room.
I'm Jolly Jim.
Damn it.
And you're selling human meat.
It's meat from the human world.
The human type.
I heard human meat.
Well, either way, you are mid stabbing him.
So because you got the drop on him,
on him, you ignore his armor.
You're level one still.
Yeah.
OK, great. I'm going to roll.
I guess I could use my two purple cards to level up.
I will let you do it if you want.
You can level up.
Hell, yeah, I'll level up now.
OK. So I get to level up twice.
You can level up twice.
So can I set 10?
That's 10 points I can redistribute.
10 stats and you get to roll a d10.
Oh, crap.
That doesn't even cost a turn.
Sick.
But stuff kind of scales pretty quickly out of the starting area.
So can I after this battle,
can I choose a different ability that's more attack driven?
Absolutely.
Fuck yeah.
Careful de-emming on my end.
He's frozen waiting to get stabbed.
This is all happening in the actor's mind.
He's moving at the pace of the stage right now,
so he's seeing things in slow motion.
OK, so I stab him.
OK, great.
I'll roll a d10 for you.
And you rolled a six, so he immediately takes six damage.
Like many of the denizens of this kingdom,
he's confused that he's immediately being basically
jumped, but you did stab the shit out of him.
You know, he's almost half of his health.
He's trying to regain himself, so I'll say he will say
he rolls with disadvantage against you
because you got the drop on him and stab the shit out of him.
What's your armor at, no, John?
So I put my bitterness up to four.
Great, you have seven.
Ooh, Marmar, meaning he has got to roll above a seven
to do anything and he's rolling with disadvantage.
So I'll take the worst of his rolls.
He rolls a 14 and a 13, so he does manage to hit you,
but he's only level one, so he's only rolling.
It's supposed to be a d4, so I'll do that.
He does two damage to you, John, but he does hit.
Take it.
Ah!
Ah!
Nice try.
Pulling you candy, Billy.
We don't have to do this.
We don't have to do this.
I'll give you all the meat.
I don't want your human meat.
What sacred meat of your world!
OK, you can just continue attacking him.
All right, I'll slice across his chest with my sword.
Oh, shit.
He's only got a rating of four, so let me do a quick check.
You just got to roll above a four.
You did.
You got a 15.
You roll a d10 for damage.
And you only did three, actually.
So he's really scraping by here with some lucky rolls.
But he does get absolutely smashed,
nonetheless.
OK.
Oh, man.
Today is not good for me.
Well, next time, try not selling human meat.
But it's your stuff.
I don't get it.
It's from your world as the human type.
How would you feel if I was selling candy?
Great!
We love that.
I love candy.
OK, he got his bearings about him now.
He's going to roll a d4.
He's got to roll above a 20, though, to hit.
He gets a 13 and a four.
So take four damage, Johnny.
Kind of nail it.
Ah!
You're formidable.
Please.
We still don't.
I just want to have a look.
We don't have to do this.
If I let you live, would you promise not to sell
any more human meat?
What?
But our world is based upon its sacred odor and feel.
What are you talking about?
The meat, the blessed meat of a different world.
Yes, it's blessed.
You're taking the flesh of us humans.
The good ones skin and muscle and organs.
By the king himself.
I stab him in the chest.
OK.
You stab the shit out of him.
We roll a 20 to check.
You just have to roll above a four, a seven.
So you did.
And then we roll a 10.
Let's see if you can finish him off.
Damn, he's lucking out.
You only roll a one.
I'm not doing very well.
He just gets to keep pleading for his life.
Yeah, he is going to unfortunately plead basically
on every roll.
Oh, I'm really not feeling great.
I'm leaking a lot of my goo, which is less sacred than your goo.
I've accepted that.
I will submit myself to you in any way you want.
Any way I want?
Yeah, but I can't defy the sacred text.
There's no way I could abandon the meat.
What's your sacred?
What exactly does the sacred text say?
The meat is what empowers us.
The meat is what makes us more.
If I?
No, I'm just going to keep killing you.
Do you have anything to go for the sword swing?
You should kill him at one of these.
Yeah.
All right, d20 to check.
You rolled a 17.
We're wasting all your good rolls on these.
Doesn't seem like a great ally to be able to summon or something.
You hit him with a hard nine.
And I'm afraid this piece of shit is fucking toast.
Oh, wait.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Goodbye, Dylan.
I think it was going to cry over this guy.
It was not long it takes.
Nice work, Jake.
Brace slaughter.
All right, you slaughtered the shit out of him, Sir Francis.
He's only worth half of progress to leveling.
You're level three now, right?
And you're, yes.
OK, well anyway, he does.
He basically, the amount of XP he's giving you
is kind of inconsequential and also somewhat haphazard,
given the nature of this game.
But we'll say he leaves behind a red card for you
for your coming work.
Nice.
And unless there is there is there any of that human meat?
The human meat is there.
It's up for grabs.
You can take all the.
I'll take I'll take as much of the human meat as I can carry.
Do you have any special items that are like a knapsack
or anything?
Well, I have a TV mounting kit.
And I do have my horse Beatrice,
who has like a saddlebag.
So I could put something in the saddlebag.
OK.
Oh, nice.
Oh, he's dead.
Sorry.
And then I'll say you you take like a healthy helping
of human meat and stuff it into the saddlebag.
OK.
All right.
Don't eat that Beatrice.
Onward we go.
Clop, clop, clop, clop.
And you clop down the road leaving behind the steaming
pile of this malty and malformed candy
person from the lowlands.
All right.
You are up next.
Andy, let's see what you get.
The Beast Master.
The Beast Master.
I'm over here with Gina, me and Gina hanging out.
Gina.
Yeah.
In the peppermint wastes.
Yeah.
We keep getting just the straight reds.
Let's see where that puts you.
What?
I think it's just right over.
Right over.
14 or I don't think anyone's been yet at least.
Oh, shit.
So we are scraping our way up the board.
14.
To territory.
Wait, are you going to go with them, Gina?
Oh, yeah.
Sorry, you guys are party.
Can you just come with me?
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
Up to three.
We're kind of thematically similar.
Divorced Gina parent.
Do you know a child of divorce?
Me, a child of abandonment.
Yeah.
Both children.
I want to team up with them.
I have parental issues as well.
Do you?
Yeah.
I hate my father and I never knew my mother.
This is a side of get to Rukwi, you have not.
It's literally the whole, my whole backstory.
You're a dentist.
That's all I got.
You're a dentist.
No.
Your thing is being a dentist.
OK.
Let's see who you run into here.
All right.
Basically, you run into a small candy cracker
with a star carved into it.
And it's standing over a monument of a bunch of human.
A bunch of statues of humans basically
prone and being lorded over.
Whoa, OK.
A candy cracker.
Yes.
Holy crap, what is all this?
This is some squid game shit.
This is my field.
This is your field.
This is my field of figures.
Well, I see.
OK.
So I'll enter, you get the ability to scry three.
If I enter, you get the ability to scry three.
I feel good about entering this field.
OK.
Yeah, what's the same to me?
I think scry means we get to look at three cards
and choose one.
I'm going to say that.
That's what it means.
It usually means putting one at the top, like,
controlling your draw order.
OK.
We'll say it does do that, Andy.
If you enter, you get the ability to show you three cards,
and it'll be the next card you draw on your next turn.
You can load the deck.
And I'll still say you get an extra card as well,
basically, that turn.
But this will pick where you go.
You got a double yellow, a double blue, and an orange.
I just want to real quick look at this field for one more
second and what exactly are these people prone?
Or are they statues?
What exactly are these people?
These are my creations.
These are my little human statues.
You made statues of people?
I made them out of the goose.
You made them out of goose?
Oh, god.
It's immemorial to the humans.
Human goose.
Human goose, too rare.
I made it out of the candy goose.
It's a candy goose museum of the humans
we lost along the way.
Humans we lost along the way?
These are dead people.
And they get confused.
They get lost.
And we lose some.
And I make them the monuments.
What's your name?
Starcracker.
All right, Starcracker.
I knew it was going to be.
You've been a pretty straight shooter so far,
so I'm going to trust you.
Gina, I'm going to go into the human museum.
OK, wondering about it.
It is as.
Oh, Gina's there, too.
I'm sorry, Gina.
No, it's OK.
I'm just going to see what happens with Raw Dog.
And then I'm going to see if I probably want to scry, too.
OK, yeah, I'm going to get in there.
I want to get in there and scry.
I like this Starcracker fellow.
I like it.
I like I respect artists, actually.
That's smart.
OK.
It is as advertised.
You enter in.
It's a bunch of kind of like hastily made, vaguely shaped
humans.
They're just they're green and kind of pink.
The pink ones are kind of in dominating poses,
and the green ones all seem to be laying on the ground
like they're either dead or cowering.
And the candy star is kind of just sort of following you
behind you.
If you play the game, you can play the game here.
There's a game to play.
If you'd like to play the game, we can play the game here.
Squid game.
Oh, I play squid game.
Here we call it Starcracker game.
Starcracker game here.
Oh, you're that cracker from the TV show
where they had to carve the candy out of the little crack.
That was the thing in Squid Game.
I was raised by a family of Starcrackers.
I'm a Starcracker.
OK.
All right, Starcracker.
Yeah, I'm down for kind of whatever you got on offer.
I don't feel that there's a trap here.
I'm just going to jump right in.
If I play a game, I'm down for that.
I'm down to scry.
OK.
Well, you did already scry.
So this would be an addition to scry.
Or scry.
You can play this game.
But I have to see if I can get it to work really quick.
Oh, while I'm doing that, Claire, anything you want to do,
we'll say you can take either join in on this or not.
And that can kind of be your contribution to the turn.
Yeah, I want to come into the area so I can scry too.
OK, you enter and you do also get to scry.
OK, I'll scry for you.
Let's see if I show you how to get it.
Thank you.
And did you say squid game?
He claims it's the Starcracker games.
OK, here's your three cards.
You got the double purple, a yellow, and a red.
And you can pick which one you get next turn.
Next turn.
OK.
Well, your next turn is coming up soon.
Did I choose my card?
Oh, did you?
I think I did.
I set it to the side.
Andy, your choices were these three.
Double yellow, double blue, orange.
Sorry, your choices are these three.
Double yellow, double blue, red.
Is it better to have multiple if I can, right?
If I double?
Usually, I mean, if the point is to just make it up the board.
But you can technically, you know,
if a spot looks like it's somehow better to you,
you could pick it.
Oh, OK.
I'll take the double yellow.
Double yellow for Andy.
Claire, do you have the double purple, I'm assuming?
Yeah, yeah, I do.
OK, great.
Double purple.
All right.
So this is a simple game.
This is the Starcracker game.
It's not anything else.
OK.
Can you guys hear this music?
Yes.
Yes, definitely.
OK, great.
You have to sway side to side.
Andy's advantage, he has Mr. Beast.
Oh, you do have Mr. Beast.
You both need to sway, well, the Starcracker can explain.
You sway side to side.
And when the music stops, you have to stop swaying.
And then we judge here.
Just so you know, everybody watching
has very different vision here.
The judges all have like, some of us
see on a crazy delay.
So it's a voting system.
OK.
Chat will vote on who wins.
Best of three.
Well, best of one, it'll take too long.
What exactly is the game?
I'm going to play this song.
And when it stops, here, we'll do a practice round.
Sway side to side, one by one.
OK.
OK, I'm swaying.
OK.
OK, great.
But it stops, you have to stop.
But it can stop at any time.
To me, it looked like Claire swayed for another two seconds.
But it will be up for Chat to decide.
So this is for keepers.
And whoever wins this, it'll go to the vote.
OK.
I didn't realize we were playing against each other.
Yes.
Well, that's our Gina.
But don't worry, it's just a fun game.
All you do is win a prize.
Let's play the game.
Are you ready?
Oh, we're still playing again.
It's a practice.
And now we do it for real.
Oh, now we do it for real.
OK.
And Motherfucking Tim tried to get in there
and cast a little vote I saw.
He did, but it wasn't an official vote yet.
Because we have to make a poll.
OK, he's playing.
Sway side to side, and tell the music is down.
I won't tell you what I put out.
Maybe I'll let it go for a really long time.
What's your guys' names again, really quick?
Round off.
And Gina.
And Gina.
OK.
I mean, I don't know.
And even Sway.
I can't tell you guys Sway.
Maybe the most smallest way.
Well, I'm in a rotating chair.
I'm on Mr. Beast.
Mr. Beast is the one swaying.
OK.
I think it's not playing.
All right, there's a poll.
Who won, Chad?
The power is for you to decide.
Radog or Gina.
To me, it looked like both failed completely.
And both of us failed.
But my vision is well ahead because I'm a star cracker.
But to many, it's hard to say.
And that's the name of the game.
I didn't even tell when it was stopped playing.
What do you mean?
I just only heard the sounds of things in the chat.
And so I just stopped.
That's the game.
You're doing it correctly.
Yeah, apparently you think you're nailing it.
I'm spending all my bin bucks on Gina.
Oh, my.
The votes are coming in big time.
The two minute poll.
I could have made it shorter.
But I didn't.
I didn't make a poll.
The star cracker made the poll, so it's not my fault.
You're going to have to get in there with your bucks,
Chat, to combat Tim's.
I spent all my bucks.
If you say every buck.
Fuck.
There's still a don't worry, Chat.
There's still a full 60 seconds to vote.
And what do you guys like my human museum?
It's a museum to things humans like, like laying down.
Yeah, I like it.
And dominating.
Damn, I should have gone.
I should have.
I like your museum.
Thank you.
I spent a lot of time.
Oh, it's getting close again.
That's how it goes.
You second guess yourself if you think too much.
And you're like, why?
Who did win?
You're getting into the finals now.
30 times.
Who will make it?
This is the closest thing I have to suspense music here.
This is good.
Oh, my God, it's getting closer and closer.
It's getting closer and closer.
Who's first?
Unfortunately for you, Rodog, it was Gina.
Like very good winner.
12,000 channel points.
12,000 channel points for spent.
Take three damage ending.
That's the name of the game.
Clay.
You said it was a prize.
Yeah, you won a prize.
You got to get to hit and you felt the pain.
And for you, Claire, what do you guys?
Gina, what you get is a purple card.
Nice.
Seeing two people who used to be friends
pit against each other reminds me of my parents divorce.
And it makes me want to smack the Starcracker.
Wow, OK, a little bit of aggression coming in.
All right, the Starcracker does have a defensive eight.
Oh, shit.
So we'll roll to see if you make it.
Is that good?
No, but what's your what level are you now?
I'm a level two child divorce.
Nice.
Oh, and you can give yourself three more health
and one more armor to where I put all these days.
Nice.
OK, you rolled a three.
So actually you playing off your ear slap kind of wax off
the Starcracker wax, wax off.
Yeah, it hit me, but it bounced right off to the Mac.
Well, I was back out exterior.
I understand you're upset, but test me and I may have to.
Do you think?
I use my high pitch scream because I'm so mad.
OK, great.
Let's take a look at your stats.
So we're just going to fuck this guy up now.
Well, I'm triggered emotionally.
You can do whatever you want.
Yeah, I think I will.
I'll join in on this.
OK, great.
High pitch scream.
What stat are is that one tied to Claire?
How do you know?
Do you just decide?
You can just pick one, but it'll be tied to that one.
Ideally, it's tied to that one for the rest of the game.
OK, let's do sour because it seems like something
a sour person would do is scream.
OK, great.
Sour.
And I brain.
Oh, you have three.
OK, you're actually tired.
So don't get any bonus damage, but you also don't have
to roll particularly high.
You're level two.
So we'll say you roll a D12 for damage
on this special ability.
I sense danger coming.
That I know to defend myself.
I'm a master of building things.
That's something.
So the joke could be on you.
I lost the dice again.
One second.
OK, there we go.
Oh, oh, jeez.
Oh.
You hit them for four.
It was not a particularly good roll, unfortunately,
but you did smash.
Oh, why is everyone like this?
You kids are so crazy.
OK, Andy, it is your turn because you did attack this
thing out of nowhere for basically no reason.
Well, he did hurt you, actually.
So you kind of have a good reason to fuck this thing.
I have a great reason to tag it.
It was a guy.
But I'm actually.
All right, I'm going to use my ability to call beast.
Do you have any red cards by any chance?
I do.
I have two.
Oh, and you can update that on the dock if you want.
I mean, as long as you know you have those.
I do.
They're in my items.
I don't know.
My item list might be too long.
I don't know.
The cards and stuff are the little squares.
Oh, I wasn't putting it in there.
OK, so I got two there.
I will.
I got a blue.
Yeah.
OK, great.
Yellow card.
If you have a red card, you don't have to roll for any kind
of check here.
You just hit them.
What's the ability?
I just hit him.
I was going to call beast, but I was actually going to.
I'm going to.
I want to summon a peep to go and attack Glenn for fucking
with me earlier.
OK.
What?
I want to send it back to just attack Glenn for trying
to fuck me.
Yeah.
See how much hell we get.
I'm in combat with the star, but I'm sending it right now.
Like flies down and I'm like, go fuck Glenn up.
A people.
And then it rockets away.
Hell, yeah.
On a mission.
I will roll for damage and it will hit him on this next
turn.
Technically this could I'm sleeping in a bed in Carl's
house.
Great.
Wake up just damaged, unfortunately.
It is a D12 too.
So I think it technically could even one shot him.
But maybe.
What the hell?
Maybe we'll be nice and wait.
What did he fuck with you?
He voted against me in the fucking squid game.
He tried to fucking kill me in the squid game.
I didn't chat.
Did totally Tim LL from chat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Totally Tim LL from chat.
That's separate from Glenn.
Tim, it's like your transdimensional avatar.
When you wake up, unfortunately, you will take five damage
from a peep.
Five.
You're rocking it.
Oh my god.
Yeah, but presumably your sleep heals you for something,
right?
Yeah.
You guys are ignoring me.
But I am a star.
Rocker.
OK, he winds up and rolls to damage, I guess, Claire, who
just smacked the shit out of him.
Yeah, I'm currently not even in combat with this guy.
I guess I've just been playing shit.
Yeah, I don't think he knows to even attack Andy yet.
You have 13 health and six armor.
He's got to roll about six.
He rolls a 20.
And he gets 19.
So he is definitely going to hit.
Oh shit.
He's level two, so he rolls a d6.
Also, Mr. B shows me 40 daily.
Oh, also, you guys are in the peppermint base.
That's been the wrong spot.
There you go.
He hit you for five.
He hit you squarely for five.
OK, so I need to take that off of my health.
That'll show you.
You're lucky I don't add actual people to my human museum.
But if you die, I will make a goo to remember you by when
you died to my hand.
It is once again your turn.
No.
I'm not today.
I'm not going to allow that.
I'm just a simple businessman running a nice human museum.
And I've been assaulted for no reason I dare.
I'm how many points does he have right now?
He's at 16 health.
And I only have eight health.
OK, I'm going to use my power of compartmentalization
to pretend everything is fine and end the fight.
OK, that'll be against your sweet.
You have three sweets, but he only has one sweet.
So that is double his sweet, so I'll say you roll with advantage.
We'll just say you have to roll above eight with advantage
to do this thing.
Let's do about my dice art.
OK, first roll eight is rolled on mine.
You got a two, so that wouldn't do it.
But it's with advantage.
Oh wait, I was rolling a d8.
I got to roll d20.
OK, you rolled a 13.
So you're good to go either way.
All right, he's convinced.
But you have to compartmentalize that quickly
to explain what that even means.
I'm going to kill you.
Wait, wait.
Did you ever think that sometimes you could have a new hobby?
Sometimes I do think that while I'm in this peppermint
waste, making a human museum.
Right.
Right, exactly.
So you could have like a new collection,
and that could be a good use of your time.
What would I collect, though?
All I have is all the goods.
Jewelry.
I have jewelry.
You could collect jewelry.
I could take it from people and make it mine.
I always dream of doing stuff like that,
finding people that are good defenses
and taking their stuff.
I've always wondered if I could do that,
but I never believed in myself enough to.
But you guys have shown me.
You definitely could do that.
Sometimes the best thing to do is to just walk up to strangers
and eat them up and take their shit.
I've been watching you guys do that.
It really inspired me.
Well, thank you.
That is a good point, yeah.
But that isn't all the same.
You said enough, I love you.
I love you guys.
We're friends again.
I want to take advantage of his distraction
to try and punch his star out of the cracker.
OK, great.
We'll say that would be a killing blow
if you managed to do it.
What would be the closest thing to dexterity?
We could say you have.
Andy is better.
Probably saltiness, I guess.
Feels like that's appropriate.
Hell yeah.
I'm a four saltiness.
This guy has three saltiness, I think.
Yes, OK.
That's what it says on here, at least.
You are actually ahead of him.
Yeah.
So I'll just say you need to roll above a nine
on a d20 roll.
Because he was so normally you would have had to just
roll to attack him.
But because he's been lulled into a sense of calmness
by Clary's had this life changing moment,
he's not paying attention at all.
And you're about to do what you're going to do, Andy.
Describe it.
OK.
As he sort of like I see him sort of like start to trust us,
my beast senses sense, oh, this is the time to go for the kill.
I can smell his pheromones change.
And I just I slow I whisper.
Raw dog.
Huh?
Wait, what's happened?
And I tear off my leather gherkin.
I'm full of you.
I'm fully dude.
Oh, I didn't even.
All I did was tear the gherkin off.
Oh my god.
I killed him just by being naked.
He's never seen such a masculine eight year old.
Your muscles blew the star out of the cracker
and it shattered on the ground and mixed
with the various goof figurines that he built for himself.
Hell yes.
High five.
Gina, we got his ass.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
You're you're nude.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh shit.
Yeah, I rub some mud on myself to kind of.
Keep to cover it up and to keep mosquitoes away.
To cover it up.
Oh my god.
You know, because that was so much,
oh, Andy, I'll say that actually here it's salt.
But you rub so much salt on yourself
that you gain one saltiness from that incredible.
I gain a salt.
You gain a salt.
Yes.
You've gained a salt.
Yes.
Oh, I'm so salty now.
Please stop rubbing yourself.
All right.
Sorry.
Claire, the interest of making a little more progress
because I suspect probably people have to start going soon.
You want to say that that was a combined turn
and we'll jump over to our other party?
Absolutely.
That works for me.
I think something has happened to Gina
after what she's seen.
Yeah, that does make I'm sorry about that, Gina.
I hope this makes you feel better about the divorce, though.
No, I think I'm learning something.
I think I'm learning something.
Wait, so.
So we go to Tim.
But the cards that they scryed,
yeah, those are those are be their next
whenever they take their next turn, they can use those cards.
Yeah, double purple and I think it was a double yellow.
Yeah.
So they should put those on.
Yeah, I have them set aside here, but we'll see how we do.
OK, Tim.
It is your turn.
You guys are right at the edge of the ginger fields.
That's still asleep.
I wake up in a bed in Carl's hotel.
Dad is nowhere to be found.
I'm not feeling good.
It wasn't restful sleep.
In fact, any healing I gained was negated by being smacked in the night
by a giant yellow bird foam creature.
Not sure where it came from or why I was the target of such an attack.
But I'm optimistic trying to find out what
trying to find out what is going on in this damn world
and to find out what my mysterious ring has in store.
I'll eat my hard boiled egg.
I was saving it for lunch at work, of course,
but I'll eat my hard boiled egg now.
OK, I only have seven out of twelve health.
You you chow down on your hard boiled egg.
I guess I can't imagine what it would be other than a healing item.
So we'll say it gets you back to eleven health.
Incredible.
All right, I'll I'll I'll set out on my journey, pack my bags and head out the door.
OK, fantastic.
And as you're walking out, the people comes back and just buffets you a little bit more.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Yeah, I have no quarrel with you, sir.
Get his ass doesn't do any damage.
It was just flying back to its master,
but it got a couple little like scratchy uncomfortable things in.
But you don't take it down.
OK, the plus for people.
You know, it'll say you gain plus two resistant to peeps.
Thank you.
I don't know where you can put that stat, but feel free to mark that anywhere.
Plus two peeps.
There are some peeps later in the game.
I know for a fact.
Oh, good.
Your experience has left you scarred and wary of the people of the peeps of this
kingdom, the peeps people, the peeps, the peeps bull.
All right, Tim, you are in a party with the now gone dad.
Dad is nowhere to be found.
That is travel on without him,
presuming he has fallen to the muck and the mire of the horrible candy world.
That said, he was going out to check for a radio and he never came back.
Of course, a pack of cigarettes at the store.
But you're coming up.
Taylor's oldest time.
Big time with this double red.
Double red, my God.
So you go
right past the other red of Tim of Andy and Claire and to space 21.
Raw dog and Gina.
As I pass them, I give them an interesting, an interesting look.
OK, you guys can take it however you want.
There be the Beastmaster.
Hey, once I would call him as a friend,
but me thinks a peep has been summoned by one such as him.
And why are your clothes good child?
Huh?
Why are you covered in mud?
Yes, a peep did attack me.
That's fucked up.
That's what I was thinking as well.
Why do you think that happened?
That's crazy.
You got to let me know if that happens.
I can control those.
So I'll tell you not to do that.
I will let you know.
Many people are listening.
Don't attack Glenn.
Geez, I'm sorry about that.
Thank you.
Thank you for this onward, I say.
OK, great. You you're on space 21.
You you see a candy bush like most of the candy bushes in this kingdom.
It let me guess, there's some fucking freak in this bush.
Yeah, actually, in this part of the kingdom,
all the bushes are kind of ruinous and rotted and the
the nerds rope or taffy or whatever the hell they're made out of.
It's all slumped over in grain brown.
But this bush, as you're looking at, it starts to smoke
and then bursts into flame and rising out of it.
An aspect of something appears.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Traveller, Traveller, on my road.
I stay on guard.
OK, OK, yes, I'm a traveler.
I come from the land of humans and I seek the Candy King.
Can you direct me to such a man as this?
Why, yes.
Oh, the Candy King in this realm.
Though some of us like it a little bit.
Oh, how do you like it?
How hot do I like it?
I actually like hot food
because I've got you see this little pack of fireballs that I sometimes eat.
You know, there used to be a flavor that now only exists upon the winds.
A flavor that some say these lands long ago abandoned.
But I say why have spice?
Why have sweetness without a little bit of spice?
A little bit of spice?
Sweetness is twice as nice.
Hmm.
If you can, depending on how you communicate with this creature,
he seems to be making some kind of offer to you.
OK, man, can you repeat the riddle again, sir?
Oh, it wasn't so much a riddle as me just sort of say.
I say crazy. I say cool stuff.
What do you want?
Spices twice as nice.
What do you think about spice?
I love spice.
You love spice.
In fact, when I order Indian food, I sometimes get it.
They say mild, medium or hot.
I usually go medium or sometimes even hot.
And that can be really spicy.
Oh, yeah.
Crazy. You're mild for that.
It can be it can be pretty intense,
but sometimes it's rewarding to eat that kind of stuff.
Huh? You go past medium slightly.
Sometimes I do.
Sometimes I say, can you make it somewhere between medium and hot?
That's usually my sweet spot or my spicy spot.
These lands used to house the Pepper Kingdom,
a place for all sorts of spicy and someone
occasionally kind of disregarded candies
because you seem like a fellow traveler.
I offer you the blessing of spice.
I don't know where you would put this, but you gain two spice.
And it does, in fact, make your sweetness twice as nice.
You double your sweetness, Tim, and somewhere on your stat
on your sheet, just mark that you also have two spiciness.
Oh, sweet.
Can I use my level up card first to kind of get
like get some crazy sweetness going?
You absolutely can rig the system this way.
Those things are they move at instant speed, Tim.
They're instant.
I was hoping I used my purple card as an instant.
Your trap card has been activated.
I get five stat points.
You get five, so you could put them all in one.
I'm putting it all in sweetness.
That's six. And then I double my six.
So that's 12 sweetness.
You get 12 sweetness and two spiciness.
So the I'll just say the effect of the spiciness, Tim, is
if someone uses any attack that can be construed as cold,
you have an additional resistance to it.
However, hot foods you roll this or anything hot
you roll with disadvantage against.
Oh, OK.
Resistance to cold.
And that's great.
It's an advantage to heat.
There's not that much hot stuff in candyland.
Because it's probably not much heat because the spice,
the pepper fields have been decimated by the peppermint waste
as we just threw out.
Oh, the peppermint wars.
Yeah, everyone.
And palpatine.
All right, Tim's got a real hell of a sweet build going on here.
All of a sudden, all of a sudden, I'm min-maxing sweet.
Like in any good deck builder, Tim, you kind of go
to have to go with what's offered.
And I think you made a really smart choice.
Yeah, I'm glass canning on sweetness.
Yeah. I try to turn myself into a meat shield.
That's not me.
Well, stranger, it was nice chatting with you.
Do you I appreciate your boon and this great blessing.
Is there anything else that I can do for you in return?
I thank you for this boon.
Can I say anything I can do?
Carry my will forward for.
I've used the last of my power to confer this great blessing upon you.
Though the spiceness may leave this kingdom,
it is its future lies now in you.
Thank you, Traveler.
Thank you.
You just pop.
Jesus Christ.
All these characters
are so willing to sepuko.
Praise water.
Praise water.
Don't worry.
That was just a vision of his memory,
putting before you.
OK, very well done, Tim.
Thanks. Honestly, you nailed it.
He would have died one way or another.
That they mean there's there's very little spice left to keep him alive.
Thank God, I didn't try to choke him out.
Carl, we move on to your turn.
Let's see what you draw.
Yes. Yes, you're actually first on the board.
Oh, my God.
And that trend continues as you rock it ahead with two oranges.
Oh, and just a reminder,
you do want to mark these on your sheet somewhere,
ideally in the little spots I made, but wherever you want,
because you can use those orange things for very double.
Yes, that takes me to three oranges.
You're at three, baby.
What did I say?
Or is there no idea?
Oh, they can be spent as heels.
Oh, or I'll say you can spend them to.
Well, for now, we'll just say heels.
We'll just say heels for.
OK, you landed on 30.
Thirty one.
Oh, 31. Oh, no, no, 30, 30, 30.
No, no, 31. 31.
Yeah, you're right.
Oh, OK.
Oh, and he's in a new land.
You are in a new land.
You have officially unlocked.
Oh, Gumdrop Valley.
Gumdrop Valley.
Let's go. Let's see what's going on there.
For the first time in miles,
the long flat waist gives way to rising terrain.
The fading veil of the salt blizzard is replaced by a looming shadow.
A hulking pitted silhouette as if scourged by pox.
The sun shifts and you take in what lies ahead.
Crags of hardened jelly, dry and gleaming in the cold air.
Their peaks obscured by clouds,
though every instinct screams of the obvious danger.
The multicolored ribbon of the syrup road
carves a path up the mountain,
back and then you fall forward.
Gumdrop Valley.
OK, Carl, that is Gumdrop Valley.
You've made it to this.
Oh, abomination of a design.
OK.
The finest artwork that generate image can make on Photoshop.
Let's see. You.
Are in a gummy zoo.
All kinds of gummy animals are here.
Gummy bears, gummy worms, Swedish people
and the extremely endangered gummy white rhinoceros
hunted to near extinction because of its very peculiar flavor.
I did my zoo.
How can I help you?
Yes. Wait.
Do you wait? What did you say?
I got my zoo.
My zoo, my zoo, my zoo.
I got a zoo for you.
So thank you for coming through.
Welcome to the gummy zoo.
Is that Matt Damon?
Yeah, I am.
I'm, you know, we said that.
I'm Matt Damon.
Uh, wait, are you the you that you run the zoo
or you're trapped in the zoo?
Well, I bought a zoo.
There's a lot of zoo.
It was full of gummy.
That's kind of my crew.
It's all my gummy.
And I put them all in cages and I charge people.
You know, glue is in the sweet.
That's it.
Yeah. Oh, I think zoos are inhumane.
So I I try to free all the I try to unlock all the cages.
OK, are you are you doing that by sneaking
or do you want to do that by talking to this gummy thing?
Um, can I put the gummy thing to sleep
and then unlock the cages?
Yeah. Yes.
Do you have any?
A bill?
Yellow, I think the last five.
Oh, you have two yellow cards. OK.
Yeah, you have to spend a yellow card.
Let's see. That is like an ability check.
So it wouldn't ignore armor or anything.
Let's see.
That's sort of a sweetness role.
You do pretty high sweetness,
but this thing does have more sweetness than you.
So for sweetness, you have four sweetness.
This thing has six sweetness.
Damn.
So we'll say you have to roll above an 11
if you want to put it to sleep
and then just do whatever you want in this area.
OK, let's spend one yellow.
You spend a yellow and you're going for it.
Does ice cream do anything for me here?
Oh, yeah, you have ice cream, too.
You know what?
The ice cream was meant to give you like a full charisma
dump if you use it.
So you could spend it, but that's a I will say
it's a powerful card, Carl.
OK, I won't use it yet because you can use it
to basically brainwash anyone that's not a boss.
Hmm, OK.
You also rolled a 13, so you are actually good to go.
You you have to philosophize, though,
briefly at this bear to put it to sleep.
Anyway, there's a lot of good stuff here.
Why don't you like eat?
Yeah, have you ever thought about
what constitutes your being?
Like, what are you made of?
You know how?
You're a gummy bear, but what's a gummy really?
Is that the fundamental part of the world?
And if you had anti gummy bear,
would it immediately annihilate the gumminess within you?
And is gummy all there is?
The world entirely made of candy,
candy upon candy all the way down.
Or perhaps is there more?
OK, sleep.
He's a successfully put to sleep.
OK, there's a there's a zoo
stretching out in front of you.
It's honestly, despite the description,
it's one rhino in a cage,
a couple gummy bears playing cards in a cage
and then some gummy worms
just kind of writhing around in some dirt pit.
What would you like to do?
OK, I unlock all the cages.
Hey, unlock all the cages.
One of the gummy bears in the cage
looks at you.
You're you're free.
You're you're free, little gummy bear.
Go enjoy your life.
OK, I think I might finish my card game
in the house or playing cards.
Maybe I'll finish it.
Sure, if that's what you choose to do.
But now you can choose to do it
and you're not forced to stay here.
I guess it's a win.
Hey, you can also thank me for freeing you.
I'm closing the door on your way out of here.
You mean the door to your cage?
You just want me to you just want me to close it.
OK, he's awkward and he doesn't know how to get you to leave.
So he just stuffs two cards in your face.
I'll just draw two cards that you can have.
And you lucked out it's a double blue and a blue.
The tree blue.
And I'm wondering what blue does.
I also am.
Oh, I wrote can be spent for question marks.
That's not good.
We'll say this case just make it up.
We'll say blues can be case wild cards.
Wild cards.
I guess they could be spent on abilities that don't fall
under under any clear like jurisdiction.
Yeah, OK, we'll say that for now.
Or I guess we could also say they just can level up
like a satiric choice.
Anyway, just hold on to him for now.
We'll find something extremely nasty to do with him.
I'm sure. OK, well, I closed the cage and I take the cards.
I closed the door to the cage.
But I do not lock it.
Like, I'm not going to lock it.
So you're you're still free to leave whenever you want.
Hey, you lock the cage.
Standing outside when you turn around
is a gummy worm.
Who seems a bit more appreciative.
You know.
Dude, I saw what you did, man.
That's sick. What you did.
Man.
That's so fucking.
Yeah, yeah, no, I just think everyone
to be free to do what they want.
So sick.
Like you're free.
Nice, man.
That's I appreciate that, dude.
We're all fellow travelers, man.
That's what you said about he's a gummy bear.
But like what even is that, man?
That's a joke to me, man.
Yeah. Yeah.
Because you're like a gummy worm, which is kind of.
And I just wanted to say, like, I'm my own thoughts on it.
He keeps droning on and on and on.
He is actually attempting to philosophize at you, Carl.
You can try to respond to it if you want,
but he's attempting to put you to sleep.
Oh, shit.
And unless you have any kind of like, you know,
you could even try to burn a blue card, I guess,
but he's going to roll against you.
This gummy worm has a sweetness of six.
Yours is four.
So we'll say if he rolls above a 10,
he successfully will philosophize you.
I guess you can bullshit a bullshitter.
He rolled an eight, though.
So instead, he's just kind of jabbering in it.
And you're really not.
You're not even bored enough to be sleepy.
And anyway, man, if you think about it,
like video games are actually like a modern
Impressionist painting.
Yeah. Yeah, that. Yeah, that's cool, man.
But I'm going to go.
Oh.
Yeah, enjoy your freedom.
I'm going to use mine.
I think I'm going to I'm just going to go.
OK. All right.
All right.
Real smooth. Yeah.
Unless you wanted to thank me by giving me anything that was on.
Milk it.
He slipped. He slithers away.
He warmed away and.
He looks a little disappointed that his tactic did not work at all.
Unless there's anything else you got and you want to spend,
I think that's your turn.
I think I'll intern.
OK, fantastic.
And all right.
In attack.
And that leaves us at Bill.
What do you guys want to say we do?
Where do we start with Claire?
Hmm. Yeah.
Should we go through Andy and then we'll try to plan maybe for a future date?
Yeah, sounds good. I mean, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And he John, I mean, yeah, John, then Andy.
Yeah.
All right, let's.
Send it to Bill, a.k.a.
Yeah, guitar.
Gay, gutter, anal.
Get to the roof.
The little from the daughter.
OK, get to the roof.
Bill is still all the way back in the gingerbread field.
No, no. Yeah.
But maybe he'll roll big here.
You also can go backwards, depending on.
I can.
All right.
And you did run orange.
Hmm.
All right. Let you think.
Still can win in two turns.
I can't. I can't win.
But I can certainly make a large.
It looks like the map, if I'm reading it right,
looks like I can make a bit of a.
Quick accelerated jump here.
So yeah, I'm going to go backwards.
I'm going to use my ability as part of the.
Candy car operators guild to take a couple steps backwards.
OK, you've you've done it.
It worked out, honestly, as perfectly as it could.
Given your start.
Everything's coming up dentist somehow.
Boom, straight to the five.
And on five, you approach what you at first think is a mud
ravaged pond.
But rising at first, then meter after meter,
emerges an extremely dangerous fudge cyclops.
There's this.
Oh.
Oh, sorry.
OK, it merges an extremely dangerous fudge cyclops.
Fudge cyclops is not called fudge cyclops because he's a cyclops made out of fudge.
He's actually made out of human shit, but he's called the fudge cyclops
because he's a cyclops made out of because he carries a sack of fudge.
The fudge is miniaturized chocolate people
from its frozen twisted land, painful potions, painful positions by his
people frozen and twisted and painful positions by his fudgification ray.
He eats them and shits them and they become his body.
So you've actually encountered our first ball.
Very difficult.
Bill, you want to summon one of us to help you use your gummy.
Yeah, I can.
I can do everything at instant speed, too.
It's right.
Go on. Oh, my God.
I've got some great new abilities.
Doesn't seem to see you yet.
It might be pretty.
Oh, my God.
I got a look at my it's looming around the field is kind of looking around.
It's it knows it's been woken up by something.
But it doesn't know what yet.
All right.
Let me look at my stash.
All right, so.
What was I can't say anyone else's stash.
Me, do you want to see you?
What do you want to know?
No, no, no, no, I'm all right.
Fucking Tim's all in the sweet build.
Fucking Andy's got.
I can take a lot of these.
Oh, and Madison wants to.
Madison seems like he wants to roll.
I'm ready to roll.
He wants to roll.
He wants to rumble.
All right, Jake.
Get Jake Mills to tell you what it's Sir Francis, but that's fine.
All right, case, I'm going to use my star card to summon Francis.
To help me battle this shitty freak.
All right.
And then I'm also going to use my I have two purple cards.
I'm going to spend them.
OK, level up.
So level up twice.
You now roll a D 10 for base damage and you can.
John's coming to your aid.
You can distribute 10 stats as you want.
Let me let me narrate this.
So Bill Bill gets out his star card.
The star starts glowing bright blue and shoots
a beam into the sky, which then cascades down on top of Sir Francis
bacon Jake Mills and slips him up into the sky.
And with a with a rash of symbols and a and an echoing,
you know, and all that stuff and it sparkles everywhere.
And then there is Sir Francis by your side.
Oh, I'm back.
I'm back here.
Hey, listen, I called you.
I don't know.
I look you told me to fuck off.
Yeah, I got to write off the back.
I got to apologize for saying to fuck off because I need your help.
Oh, what?
What's takes?
I know there's a big shit monster.
Seems like a shit monster.
Yeah.
And he won't.
He's like, he's like, all right, I'm going to start.
I want to rally us.
I've been a feeling never used before.
Rally, all right, which I think would boost something for both of us
before a battle like I don't know if it's hit points or if it's
or it's inspiration or whatever.
We'll say if you want to spend a yellow card, you can do that.
OK, I'll I'll spend a yellow card for both of us to get
route to feel feel inspired before this battle. OK, great.
We'll say you know what's advantage this entire fight.
OK, if that's yep, that is your abilities right there.
I see it on the top rail rallying the shit out of it.
Listen, I come from a broken home.
You know, I might my parents, they weren't good to me.
And so I perpetuate in the cycle of abuse onto you.
And now you've now you've inspired me.
Get a look, get a look, let's work together
to defeat this giant pile of shit.
All right, we've both been left behind and my accent is changing.
And I.
You've inspired me.
We've both been left behind many times, but now we can work together.
All right. Yeah, you you you.
I mean, you can't imagine I've never felt this inspired.
I mean, I have not.
I believe even with both hands deep in the while you're talking
the fuzz fuzz cyclops rears back and just takes a huge swing at at Bill.
Oh, Bill, he's pretty beefed up.
Did you just mean your bike?
Yeah, Bill's got 10 armor.
Yeah, 10 armor.
I maxed out my fitness and I got a lot of armor now.
It's great. Your fitness is 10.
Wow, that's two above this fairly bitter cyclops.
So he does have to roll pretty well here.
Well, I say he has to roll above a 12 or
he's going to miss with his giant ass fist.
He rolled a six.
So he his fudge is kind of whiffs over you.
He's swung a little too high.
He does slop a bit of shit on your face.
Just as the as the arc of his fist carries over you,
but it doesn't do any damage.
It's kind of a lot.
It's your turn to rally it up.
You roll with advantage, Bill.
What would you like to do to the cyclops?
Let me look at my abilities.
I've got drill, fill and hill.
So I guess I'm going to use my.
Drill attack.
OK, do you have any?
Do you have what that is?
It's just a dental drill.
Yes, I know you know what?
You know what? No, I'll use Phil.
I'm going to try and fill him like a cavity.
OK, Phil, and you do have a red card.
OK, great.
And you are now level.
I'm level three. I'm level three.
OK, you're level three.
You can also mark that.
You don't have to.
OK, this guy, this fudge,
Clive Cyclops is supposedly level 55, according to this.
Jesus, but I don't know what that means.
So we'll say he's level five.
OK, 55.
55 might be too much.
That's right. We'll be fine.
Bill, describe what you're trying to do.
All right. So so so.
So what I do is normally when you get in there,
you drill out the bad part of the tooth.
That's a cavity, which, you know,
I've only been through three months of dental school.
I don't have a lot of experience, but, you know,
I think what you do is you kind of drill out the bad stuff
and then you sort of put in good stuff.
So I get out my bag of like enamel
and I sort of like pump it into the shit.
And I'm like pumping, filling, you know,
enamel filling into this fucking shit, man.
OK, we'll say you are pumping.
I'm pumping it in, man.
So because you're level three, we'll say you're doing
you're doing four pumps of enamel.
So you're going to roll four D sixes here.
I'll do full, full pumps.
And is that advantage on the just the attacks?
It's advantage on everything.
You rallied the hell out of you guys.
Wow. So you're going to roll four D six
and take the best three, but you get to roll twice.
So you rolled a four, five, one and one.
And you rolled a five, a four and four.
So I think you basically want to take the five,
the four and the four and do that damage.
So you do do.
Do do.
Do do do do.
Thirteen damage to this fucking cyclops.
Let's go.
Who I'll just say he's weak to an am.
Is that fucking shitty?
He's pissed off now.
Excellent work.
You're up next.
Dr.
Anol. Yes.
I will try my trip attack, which is a new attack.
I selected.
I'd say good.
And I and I will go for his
gooey shitty legs.
Is this suspect?
Are you using a red card for this?
Wait, case that I have to use my red card for that.
Yeah, you did.
Oh, I'll use it.
I'll use it.
And I'll use it.
OK, I don't know what my next boss battle is going to be.
Hopefully not next time.
What did I say the armor of this weirdo is?
Eight.
So it was too less than Bill.
Yeah, OK.
So you just have to roll above an eight to hit him.
And we'll say because you're using a card.
But what's yours that actually?
Well, no, that's not.
Because using car will say after all six.
What to say?
A little of a battle.
Dr. Anol.
In Europe's pizza.
Sorry.
My friend, my friend.
Is the real world.
Just a period of focus.
Dr. Anol.
With my shit.
You guys go fucking and deep.
Thank you fucking.
Oh, you're on your you're on a fucking house.
You're on a 15.
A 15.
So you can describe what you do to this thing
with your special trip attack.
Oh, wait, so that killed.
Oh, OK, I got it.
So I knock out one of his legs,
which sort of just like loops down
and then he falls down on his back.
And then it damages him.
OK, we'll say that that you roll a detent
for damage on that one.
OK.
And you did too.
But he rolls with disadvantage on his next turn
because you just toppled his ass over.
Awesome.
Wait, do I roll advantage on the attack or?
Oh, you're totally right.
You might do even more.
You roll a four.
So you will do four instead.
I'll take it.
You do four nasty damage.
To this this fricking thing.
Oh, nice.
13 he's barely got to do anything.
But he's going to attempt to do a little more damage.
He's going to use an AoE effect attack on you guys.
River of shit, which I want to make an animation for.
But I didn't have time.
But just imagine in your head, this thing
collects itself a little bit, standing up
on its too disgusting, cyclops arms raising itself up
and its body almost undulates from its chest
like its chest is undulating out of its mouth.
And its innards, which are just shit, spill all over the field.
Let's roll to see if he connects.
We've got John working with seven armor.
Now it's worse than the tip and Bill working with seven.
He is rolling bitter here.
Bill has extremely high bitter.
When he does he is the tip advantage on that?
He rolls with disadvantage.
So it's a special attack.
I'll say.
I'll say he only needs to roll above a six to hit John.
He'll take up.
We'll take.
We'll click on his armor because it's bitter so high.
But Bill, he's got it.
You're bitter is high enough that he's got to just match your
exceed your armor to hit you.
Oh, so he rolls a 20 bill.
What are you at 11?
Then and armor.
This was like you rolled an 18.
And a six.
This smells so bad.
I don't know how to describe the smell.
It just smells as bad as like doctor at all.
It's like it smells so bad.
I don't even know what could it smell as bad as.
Oh, my God, I like being here.
What could you say that this smells as bad as?
Like you're so stupid.
You're a dentist.
Bill, the shit.
It like for some reason kind of rivulets around you.
It like you get a couple speckles on you.
But like it kind of hit like a little bump in the gingerbread valley.
And it's like, but John, it doesn't do a little bit.
You get like a good wafting of shit in the face.
And he rolls a D8 to see how much damage he does to you.
It's Beatrice. OK.
My only slops on you.
Beatrice, it hit high.
He just gets some less.
You're old as seven, but that is intended to be split between both of you.
So we'll say you take the brunt of it and take four.
All right.
OK, well, I was six hit points.
You didn't get it all, Bill, but you smell like shit.
Just so you know, I brush a couple of kernels of corn off my shoulder.
Great, like a real baller.
OK, and now it is your turn, Bill.
Yeah, well, I'm out of red cards.
It's like a fucking yeah, I'm out of red cards like, you know,
it's like I've got no say, you know, playing with 10 men on the field.
Anyway, you know, I've got.
I have to use a regular attack.
Right. All right.
Get in there. Yeah.
Week to an amul. You got an amulet.
Well, I can bite him.
Don't do that.
Listen, I'm from the streets.
I'm from the fucking streets, mate.
This giant is really stupid, but it's still getting confused by Bill.
I'm from the fucking street, mates.
I can't use my special field attack.
I've got no red cards.
I've got to bite him.
By the week to an amul.
OK, is bite one of your special abilities?
No, but I'm from the fucking streets, mate.
You did level up.
I guess he could he is a dentist.
He could have a drill is a teeth based attack.
Why not drill?
I don't have any red cards.
I can't use any of my special.
OK, you're going in for the bite.
You know, the special attack is a regular attack.
This giant has eight armor, so you've got to roll above and eight.
To bite it.
And you did.
You're all in a weapon.
Let's go.
I don't know if that's a successor or a failure,
but describe biting this giant shit cyclops.
I do a couple of quick maneuvers to get close.
I fake with my left hand and then
and then I fake with my right hand
and that gets me really in tight.
And I just stick my whole face right into his chest
and I and I chop down with my chompers,
which I take care of and I'm a dentist.
So they're in really the enamel is nice.
Anyway, now my mouth is filled with this horrible
like my whole face, my nose,
like my mouth is filled with this horrible.
I don't know even know how to describe it.
It smells shit doctor.
It doesn't taste so bad.
I can't even think of anything
that would, you know, be analogous to how you're describing eating
shit really well. What's the text in case
in case you want to describe the texture?
Could you find the words?
It's like I'm asking to find words.
No, you know, it's like,
like if you could think of something that you would smell
that smells really bad,
like you would say that that's what this smells like. Shit.
I mean, I guess like, I don't know.
You did successfully connect.
I'm going to roll detent and I'll say you get to do one extra
damage for almost reverse philosophizing this giant
to be even dumber.
So you'll we'll do plus one or whatever your role here
for your incredible description of sinking your teeth
and do it. Shit body.
You roll a nine.
OK, so you did 10 damage
to this devastating boss.
Detent is bitter.
My bitter.
My hatred, my hatred of my father,
which has made me very bitter,
really paying off right now.
Is it your turn, John? I think it.
Yeah, yeah, your turn.
This giant is is pretty done for.
All right, I don't have any more special ability cards,
but I'm going to hop on Beatrice and I'm going to rush at it.
I'm going to jump and try to stab it at the top of this giant
and slice down.
All right, it's got eight armor.
Let's see how you do against it.
Twelve so easily surpassing it.
You're rolling a detent three and you did 10 damage described
slaying this beast.
All right, I'm on Beatrice and I say, stay true Beatrice.
And I jump from Beatrice's saddle and my sword goes up and I say,
die beast and I cry and the sword connects with his face.
And as I'm coming down, it's just it's really slow
and it's coming down really slowly because I thought it would slice it in half.
But really, it's just going down very slowly and I'm just in the gut.
I'm getting shit on me.
And I'm just like, oh, oh, this is just oh, oh, this is just oh, man.
It's just fucking shit everywhere.
Then I just get down.
OK, how would you describe it?
The smell of it.
Doctor and all, I'll never forgive you this, doctor.
I do. Please. Please.
Shut the fuck up.
All right. It's honestly happening in such slow motion,
the giant doesn't even really react because it kind of doesn't get what's
happening because it's a giant shit idiot.
But you do successfully connect and this thing is absolutely post.
Hell yeah.
Got him.
God is as.
Is it still pray slaughtered or is it a different one?
We killed the punch.
So I thought it was Ray slaughtered.
I'm just wondering, you know, it's like in Dark Souls, you know,
some are like God, oh, yeah, you're right.
Well, you know, now that I if we do this again,
I'll have time to make even more assets, Andy.
So you never know.
Oh, hell yeah.
Hey, I can't believe we killed the fucking fun Cyclops.
OK, because you killed the fun Cyclops,
you do successfully travel over Rainbow Road, where you both now
move to congratulations.
You're rainbow rotting it, baby.
Let's go.
So just know this looks incredible.
They're surrounded by technicolor insanity.
I've never seen anything like this before.
There are cards up there in the in the light that I can snatch on the way out.
Oh, you do both level up from killing that giant also.
All right.
I love it.
And I actually it does say on here.
You get.
Two orange cards and one purple card.
Nice.
OK, so we can level twice.
I'm saving only once.
Well, yeah, if you use a purple card right away.
Right, right.
So just keep in mind as they're flying over,
it might this is what it kind of looks like.
It's sort of like they're here and then it's incredible.
They're here.
Whoa.
They're here.
But oh my God, they're here.
Do we fly over everyone else?
You want to do it that way?
No.
It's a separate.
Well, that's actually what John does, but not you.
You went straight there, but John's like, whoa, it's a crowd.
I've seen the whole map.
Whoa, I don't need any friends.
Amazing. And I'm doubling back.
What the hell was that?
Whoa, Castle.
That's so cool.
Weird Valley. OK, and then he's with you.
I'm not here to make friends.
OK, congratulations.
You're not.
John, you can actually now take your turn.
And then I guess we go to Andy and then we get out of here.
But you made it to a full new area.
We'll see what you roll.
We'll say that you don't.
We're not going to count the square you're on as you having to do a thing there
unless you if you roll a purple will leave you on that square.
But anyway, you are in a new area.
So let's see what the deal with that area is.
For the first turn.
Here we go.
Sorry.
The jagged shadow of the licorice castle fades.
A kaleidoscopic dawn vanquishing the dark.
The land here dips pulled gravitationally toward an iridescent core,
shifting among the polychromatic slopes,
a menagerie of strange beast, Grayson Hunt, the Harry, Bill, Gummy,
Baz, but full sized Swedish fish, but fish sized and gummy worms.
But the size of cruise liners, the worms are like the worms in the Frank
Herbert novel, Doon.
But the gummy worms to be clear.
The sun has returned to its white heart glory,
competing with the glowing haze emanating from whatever lies at the valley's
open line core.
Rainbow Valley.
Awesome.
Oh, what?
Whoa.
OK, you've landed in Rainbow Valley, John.
Wow.
And Bill is with you in the party.
He's standing by your side.
I'm just crying.
It's so.
What's the matter?
Beautiful.
I've never seen such a spectrum of colors.
Amazing.
If you like it, why are you crying?
Because that's a sign of joy.
I don't get it.
Talking to you is like talking to a brick.
Is there anything else I see here?
Or that was that was actually wrong.
I think there is a there's like another combat
encounter here, basically.
So we'll we'll have you roll.
We'll have you draw a card.
If you draw purple, we'll say that you're actually stuck on this.
You have to do the encounter, but you did instead draw
a purple making rocketing progress.
Double red.
Oh, all right.
Meaning if we move it's possible you could complete this
in two sessions, so like three.
OK.
Do you want to go with him, Bill?
Or do you want to stay where you are?
I think I'll stay here.
All right. See you later.
Clean up.
Yeah, hopefully not.
Fuck off.
OK.
You just were too dissuaded to say goodbye anymore.
You just ride your steed away.
OK, red one, red two.
You've made it all the way to square seventy one.
You are flying across the map and powered by this rainbow.
In fact, you've made it to yet another new area.
Whoa.
You you blew through the rainbow valley
and you have made it.
Let me make sure this is right when you are now in peanut acres.
Let's get it for you.
So let's see what's going on in peanut acres.
Seven.
You might miss important things.
Well, you know, there's so many.
You can always double back to it. We'll see.
Yeah. All right.
Maybe this is just part one.
Oh, the chromatic hum of the rainbow
valley dissolves into for the first time since your arrival,
a semblance of lucidity, comforting farmland
rose across the culturated pastoral simplicity,
dotted with hills and farmhouses.
The dull blue of the summer skies like a blanket
inviting you to rest, relent and forever settle.
Concentrating on the steady grid of the syrup road,
you continue through the beguiling somnolence.
Peanut acres.
Also, shout out to Charles for he said every one of those
names three times and it got crazier every time he said it.
That's great. Is that Claire's laugh at the end?
No, it's just a random.
Oh, right. I kept thinking Claire was like here.
Yeah, where the hell's Claire?
My head cannon, it is clear.
She had to go.
Oh, OK.
OK, I mean, she's she's on.
She's with me on.
I think we're still at the peppermint.
No, where we are.
The star guy. That's right.
Star cookie star cracker.
OK, wow.
Great. You're starting to like Rainbow Road
or Rainbow Valley. Now I'm in this place.
Yeah, I'm afraid now you're just in peanut acres.
But it's sort of it's sort of peaceful.
It's almost gentle.
And where you are in peanut acres,
you've noticed that just as the midday farm
sun is becoming oppressive,
you come across a classic farm swimming hole
by complete with a rope swing and a sign that reads
bubble tape pond.
And you encounter there a gentle farming type.
Well, how did they are?
I'm bubble.
Bubble.
Hello.
Hello, bubble.
He's been a long time.
So we have visitors around here.
My name is Sir Francis.
And this is my horse Beatrice.
Wow, that's a real beauty.
We'd love to take a moment to just relax
and maybe maybe take a dip in your swimming hole.
That looks like fun.
It's a lot of fun, but I should warn you,
there's bubble worms in there.
Oh, you can go in there.
I mean, there is the treasure, of course,
of the bubble worm pond.
But everybody who goes in there, no one's come out normal.
I used to be.
I used to be spelt sexy and I'm like 10% less hot
because I went in there.
You're 10% less.
Yeah, full 10%.
Can you smile for me?
Is there something in your teeth that looks a little red?
Those are my teeth are actually candy corn,
but just the white part.
They are not good for biting.
I do have a acquaintance who is a dentist
who might be coming your way.
Oh, is he nice?
No, not at all.
And don't try to explain any concepts to him.
OK, you'll be here for another 30 minutes or so.
But is there anything about this pond that could turn me?
What do you mean by what does this pond do
before I dip in there with my lovely friend?
I was laughing in there.
I was so scared.
I just felt all the nibbling.
I felt the muscle draining out of me.
The hungry mouths of a million faceless worms
crawling up my crawling up my body trying to get inside me.
Hmm.
What do you farm here on your land?
What do you what do you what do you think?
And he calls me dumb.
Is it peanuts?
I'm being rude.
Is it peanuts?
All right, fine.
You waited through peanuts to get here there.
Well, I thought maybe there was something else.
Could have been some other kind of nut or bean.
It's peanut.
All right, fine.
Great.
You seem to be happy about it.
You know what?
Just for the fun, can I go over to the water and peer inside?
You can.
I think to see anything other than just kind of the calm
surface of a pond, you'll need to clear some sort of investigation
check.
Um.
Okay, I'll uh...
Hey, can I try something with the pig though first? Absolutely. What was your name again?
Hey, hey, what are you? Glenbert?
Glenbert.
The fruit is sweet enough
Shit
The fruit is sweet enough. I forgot.
We have shot see now. I know how you're asking me what I grow here
Lot of people on these parts. They don't believe in the classics
figs
plums
peanuts that grow out of the ground
Natural foods like the original candies intended
But I see what you mean. I look I'll be completely honest with you
I try to get people to go in that pine because the wormies they feed me their essence
You get sucked out of you put into me
Well, let me tell you this
Because you seem like a real clever top and you got your pin got your priorities straight
If you want we can sacrifice my entire family to the pond and sharing their power together
How many people are in your family 16
16
Is the age of my first son
I'd rather not know I'd rather not know the ages but go ahead and let's I'm not sure any of this is real anyway
So let's just do it. Oh, it's real. All right. I thought that was too
Okay, let me call my family over want to meet my first son. No
What are we doing today dad?
I think you're gonna take a dip
That's my first son great
I guess you don't have to meet the rest. They all I'm pretty much like that
Might be doing this might be mercy. So let's
That would be already been working in the peanut fields all day. Are we gonna have some fun?
I
But that pig looks a lot like JD fans anyway. Yeah, that does
We get he's he's actually we know who that is here. He's one of the humans we know. Oh, yeah
Anyway, there's about a hundred more though. So I'm just gonna send in
We don't need to see all of them. Let's set him in. All right boys. Let's go down to the water in hole
There's no there's no real appropriate music for me to play for
This a secession of pigs lotter
They're actually tapeworm they're they're wormy pigs so they are still candy in case anybody's wondering but basically
This pig calls for his sons to follow him and he joyfully prances
Down to this watering hole
But at the edge he says I don't want to have all the fun first. Y'all kids get in there first
I want to see you kids have some fun. You've been working all day
Every single pig
Just sprints into the water and a beautiful line of
malformed piggy
Gummy pig watching his while he's watching his children. Can I sneak up behind him and kick him into the pond?
You can absolutely try to do that
Let's see. That's a sneak which I think I said is
all I
Don't have high salt no bitter is sneak so you actually do have to see
Um good
So yeah, you absolutely can you have six better this guy has three so you have double his so you
By those by my weird rules for this you do actually roll with advantage here as well
Although maybe I should get rid of advantages. It does seem maybe a little stronger than I thought a little of he maybe
Anyway, we'll say that you have to roll
Just above a nine
But you're rolling with advantage and you roll a four
And then 11
So taking the 11
you are going to
Help this this pig along his sons have been in the lake for like about 30 seconds now and that's when
the worms set in
Sort of sink under the water making that noise
It's pretty horrifying the dad has his arms crossed and he's just kind of nodding to
That is the noise going on but times like a hundred. All right describe sneaking up on this on this guy
I
As he's watching his children die. I sneak up behind this pig careful not to crunch on any peanuts
Then I
Give him a swift kick in the tail into the pond
Man, we really got my whole family murdered and we're gonna share in there incredible awesome power together. We're best friends wait
What are you doing? Oh?
No, I'm in the water. Well, maybe I'm fine in here though. Maybe oh
It popped he wasn't fine great. He did get murdered good water
Slotted by our traveling man
More prey
We are fucking up this candy land John. Can I ask why did you decide to betray the pig? I?
Don't like that. He was going to
slaughter his whole family and I thought if I watch share in
This in the sacrifice when I can suck it all up myself
So you're down for the sacrifice you just think be loyal to your family. Yeah, exactly
All right good principle I follow
Okay
emerging from the from the lake
and then resting on a pile of grass a
magical floating worm
appears
And and rest in front of you looking down you can see it's just a tiny little worm
But it looks up at you a
new master of the lake I
Take if you want the power we have just taken
Yes, I
Here to collect
the power
Praise be to the worm of the lake. Yes, very good
You understand the ancient power that rest here
That candy used to be more than empty sweets used to be on the land
Yes
Yes, yes
Yes
Yes, while he's talking you do feel
Like you're getting pumped up a little bit
But it doesn't feel entirely nice. You are definitely gaining power, but you feel like you're also losing something
So you do lose we'll say you lose for sweetness, but you gain eight bitter
Oh
Wow, okay, so you're trading sweetness for bitterness
But you are going bitter crazy right now and that does give you a ton of armor as well
So that should give you four more armor
Yeah, all right now you're pretty juiced up
I feel something in my
Soul something has been taken from me
Just need a little bit of sweet
Or a plum or a delicious
Apricot the candies the way they used to be
Yes, I've I've learned that I've a
bit of my
Heart is now gone
Taken to you given to you. What are you going to do with my sweetness?
I'll take good care of it
I
The model of dawdling away
But you know you you didn't end up getting a tattoo right?
No, I didn't okay great. Then yeah, you're good. You just have you have those stats and you feel a little more
The world feels a little bit colder to you now. Yeah, it does what's what?
What square was I on?
You are on red 71
Red yeah, okay 71 red. All right. Let's move to our final
Adventurer for the day. It's like we are back at Andy
raw dog
Is with Claire, but we'll say you leave Claire behind and if she's able to join if we do this again
Okay, she can just pick up after your turn
So I'll send mr. Beast back to carry her if necessary
Maybe you can send a beast her way to just do a little quick pickup. Yeah, mr. Beast, okay?
Yeah, you can send a mr. Beast
All right, you had you had a card in waiting and I believe it was a double yellow
I
Think I added dad that's my stats. I think that was what you scryed. Yeah
You do still get to draw card, but this one is just to keep okay double purple. So you really
Are loading up
Oh, that's great. Yeah
Next time we play I can make I can make more sense of this rule system as far as powering up because I fully get it
Yeah, because it's really hindering the amount of fun. I'm able to have
No, I just mean you guys are getting stronger faster than I thought so this is good knowledge. I can make these bosses just so
Stacked and stab me. Okay. You are double yellow. So that moves you to 23
Right. Yes, right you passed him John is 50
Slots yeah, yeah, I've still got my gummy card Wow that rainbow move really put John ahead
Although technically in the rules this game. He could just straight up draw, you know move one space for ten turns
You never know although that is pretty unlikely
Okay, so you are at
23 let's see what's going on there. Is this a new air? This might be a new area also. Oh
shit
No, it's in the car
It's not quite oh
No, you're still in the peppermint Valley
fuck
Frozen zone. Oh shit. This is that same. This is the ice breakers gum spot. Oh
I think well, he did die. He did actually die. So yes, they get the new card
We'll say oh the purple car he pulled we could have you we could have you move with the purple card instead of the yellow card
Okay, which actually puts you a little less ahead, but no no
He should get to do both didn't we say the rule was like if the if the person if the encounter there is dead
Then you get another card. Oh, you're right. We did say that I
Think that's fine. It's a long board. Okay. Yeah
Damn another double double red
So I got a double add a double red on my yeah shit. You're loaded. Maybe
Wow 2733
Hop scotching right over Carl
Hello
What's up? What's up onion Bard?
Okay
It's bad with numbers it turns up. All right a top a gumdrop hill
In the near distance you see three crucifixes that appear to be made out of
Andy bars of course their cruciate wicks is
to
Seem to be empty
even looking from this distance
and
On the hill in the distance
Next to these three crucifixes
Mm-hmm a strange creatures is just staring at you. Hey. Hey
Hey, who are you?
How does the bathroom you're the bathroom I'm the bathroom
You're an outhouse
Yeah, okay, you got a worship at the crosses
What's that you here to worship at the crosses? Yeah
Yeah, sure
You got to dump your human bottles into me after I'm here
Okay
So I would shit into you
I'm a bathroom
Are you handy themed in some way?
Pure human shit
Okay, you're an outhouse made out of peppermint bark and there's some crucifixes nearby I get this
That's a sacred site
the crucifixes
Worship the crucifixes is this what is what religion just real quick. Oh
Ancient and abandoned
When the peppermint giants fell they outlawed it but some devotees still make their way here
I don't get fed as often as I used to so I often go hungry
I'm I'm a bathroom I
Get it hey, yeah, you're if your thing is is being a sentient bathroom then
Being shit into is not yeah, I get it. That's not a fetish for you
That's work. It's work sort of I mean it's food and it's work
Okay, I'm like a chef for myself. I'll shit in you
Okay, you want me to is there any sort of magical powers I can acquire from these you know
This ancient religion. I'd love to just acquire to acquire some more powers
You can go to the crosses instead of shitting in me
Can I do both I just was staring at you man. I didn't even strike this conversation up
I just stare well, you're staring at me. I thought you wanted a chop
Wait, nobody's around
Yeah, I'll I will I'll go to the cruise to Twix's and and I'll pray a little bit, okay
You approach the cruise to Twix's
Let's see
I thought that was the point of the area I didn't know I mean I only mean visually I I don't fully understand
What to do we'll say the
one of the cruise to Twix's is split is
Cracked at the side and it's chunky interior is visible
Okay, and other than that you don't really notice anything in particular. It's just two cruises Twix's in this cold field
harshly lit by the
cold
bright
Gray sky, okay
You can examine further though. I
Can all right, I'll do that. Okay, you go up to the cruise to Twix's. Yeah. What do you think of these mr. Beast?
Mr. Beast is sniffing around the crack in them when the crack seems to whisper back
Whoa, did you hear a whisper from that crack?
My son, it's me the cruiser
But the crunchy part the inside crunchy part. Holy shit
He's the wafer. I'm the wafer part
Oh
Was once like many in this land a gentle giant
But I was sacrificed how come
Candy King
The candy can't we could not comprehend or understand
And with that alluring goo
Is is he kind of a bad guy? I'm kind of getting advised like you might be sort of like an an avatar of like
evil
You know
industrial progress or something. I don't know he is worshiped watches I once was
But what does he worship is the question is not for us to judge the nature of other candies
His for us to taste upon the sweetness in the pepper, okay, and yet he doth dodge judge other candies
All right
I'm kind of a pretty
Stupid barbarian type man
I don't have like a lot of sophistication
So I don't quite get what you're saying here
but I'll
I'll convert to your religion. Oh perfect. That's what I was going for
Yeah, I'm pretty easily convinced I'm down for you know
You are prepared to be the first devotee and
Who knows how many years time seems to slip away here
For the forgotten religion of the giants the twin crucitix's
Yeah, that seems good
Right mr. Beast
Yeah, very well. Yeah, we're both down me and mr. Beast
But to
Join this religion
Okay, you must break something you have to snap into the meaning
Mmm
Snap into the meaning of the twix. Yes twixes are
Twixes cannot can only exist as a whole for so long
The fracturing is what makes one of twix
Oh, okay, so I have to do like a sacrifice kill somebody probably
You're picking up what I'm putting down. Okay. Where's that outhouse guy?
Very good choice
It's time to hit you will
Hey outhouse guy, uh, I got a big dump for you
Come on over here. I got a big juicy dump for you
I'm just I'm here man. You know, I'm I'm ready to go whatever you are
Come right out. Come come over here. I'm uh, you gotta come to me
I could oh are you are you fixed on the ground where you are?
Look, I can't I'd love to be able to move. That's your thing. I'm a candy bark talking
Porta potty basically. All right. I shake my ass very temptingly
Oh
I mean look
I'm hungry all of it. It's absolutely bulging with shit. I'm hungry
You are okay
I gotta give mr. Beast a look. This is a look we've shared many times before when we've
had to murder someone
to survive out here in the uh in candy land
Okay, fully
For some reason you don't want to approach the outhouse. You're trying. Oh, no
We'll go over there. We'll we'll kind of sidle over I guess because the outhouse can't move I guess
Okay, all right. We'll walk over there. No, I mean you can try and attempt him over he just
You know, he's sort of an outhouse wedged in the ground. It's just kind of wobbling around all the time
Yeah, I'll I'll go over to him. That seems easier
Um, yeah, I'm sorry one second
Great, okay. Um, you approach the outhouse. It swings its door open to you
um
and uh
The back is is actually blown out so it's fully same background, but you are
Exponent
Back is like there's no back wall
Your ass is good. You were to sit on your ass and just be pointing out but you are now inside the outhouse
Oh, I went inside of him. Yeah
Do I okay, I won't uh do I want to listen very carefully to hear see if there's anything that's like a heart
Or other internal organs to this thing. Okay, you're doing an investigation check. Basically you yeah
Um, did I say bitterness is sourness is intelligence?
So you can use a yellow card to guarantee it though
You can use a yellow card to guarantee it also and you are card rich right now
I am very card rich. All right. I'm gonna burn a yellow
Okay, you burn a yellow. Um
And even though it's you just sort of hear the peaceful whispering of the salt winds
If you really focus, uh, you do feel here kind of a palpitating rhythm coming from beneath you
Uh, oh
And you sense that it's sort of
Through a portal very close to you is the dark heart of this outhouse
Mmm
Okay, um, you're doing okay in there, man
Yeah, yeah, I'm good. Oh good
I'm fine. Oh
Yeah, so I very convincingly, you know make this sound like I'm really squeezing one out and
Um, yes, I wait what was the name of my new god crisp crisp
Jesus crucifix crucifix I go yeah
This is for you crucifix
round dog
And I punch my hand through the peppermint bark towards that
sound of palpitation
Okay, um beneath it you do punch through the floor because it's old and cracked. Whoa, you're going gay take it easy in there, man
Whoa
Yeah, um you uh
It's basically the bottom of this outhouse is is the reservoir for all of the
leavings, but it's just full of a bunch of like
Weird candy goo and like gummy balls and stuff. It's it seems like it's just more candy stuff
But glinting amongst all of this
sliding candy goop
Um is something golden
Oh shit
Um
Yeah, I grabbed that immediately gold shit stuff. It is it's a little ways down
You have to basically jump down into this thing septic tank if you want to you want to get it
Uh, hell yeah, I tossed the gherkin aside
Once again fully nude I go right in there
Okay, you dive in with a little bit of a splash sort of a mucky splash
Yeah
It does actually still stink even though it's it's definitely just can't it's not what humans would consider candy
But it's like still unpleasant to your nose. It's like too sweet. All right, uh and rifling through it
What does it smell like?
Uh, you're you're rifling through it. Um, and you find a treasure trove
Whoa of of golden cards
Whoa, I'm a choir
Okay, I hit a choir
But as you're about to uh the the outhouse notices what's happening and and makes a little plea
Please please don't take those man. You don't
They're they're not
They're not normal. They're what give me life man. You don't need that
Uh outhouse, I guess some bad news for you, bro
I was already trying to kill you
I
Know you did man. I feel bad, but I just started this new religion and I want to get off on a good foot with the god of it
You know
In me this sucks for me
I
Agree, I know it sucks for you dude, and it sucks and it's like why am I killing you?
It's because you're close by
You're the most convenient thing to kill
It's brutal
I just want you to know it's not about you seem like a totally fine guy and it would have just come and take a shit in you
But I got to impress the crucifix jesus
Of the giant religion so
Sorry
Be careful man that religion is the religions of this land are never what they see
Oh, well, don't fucking don't discriminate
Well, I'm not but oh you took picked them up you picked them up. Oh
No, I was about to feel bad, but that guy turned out to be a religious bigot. Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, sweet. So I got some gold cards now. Um, you did you got golden cards, but uh to his point
You just have to mark this down somewhere
Um, you got four golden cards, but every time you use one you lose five hp
Oh, shit. Okay. So just the next four times you use gold you use these cards you have to lose five health points
So if I want to use the cards, okay, but I did this is crucifix jesus happy
Uh, crucifix crucifix jesus is uh, extremely pleased with the offering that you have made a
This cheeses crucifix very good work my son
This is all for you crucifix jesus
You likes a wafer dude, you gotta crack in you just crack me. Um
All right. I'm gonna crack right into that wafer. It looks good. Wait, what?
I thought that's what you said to do. Oh, not me though. Don't do it to me though
Wait, what am I supposed to eat other people's wafer? Yeah, just eat other way. Don't do don't do it to me
What would happen if I did it to you?
He killed the guy
Hey man, come on. What are you even worshiping if you eat me?
I'm not I'm not a guy. I just want to know if it would give me power
This is just my vest. I'm gonna find a whole new vessel if you eat this wafer. It's just so inconvenient
I mean, it'll taste like a really old twix
So I won't get powers
Probably I mean, that'd be so silly if you got more you already got so much stuff
We've got more powers and be so silly. Don't even do it
Feels like I'm gonna get powers. I looked at mr. Beast
Okay, you want to roll?
What do you think? Yeah, I'll roll to to consult mr. Beast through eye contact
Okay, so it's not what not your special ability commute
I guess I can do a beast
Yeah, I'll be mind-meld with mr. Beast. Okay, you do have to I think that's a yellow card
So you have to lose five health if you want to do it
Wait, I have to lose five health
Wait, I thought that was a red card to use an ability
It depends on the ability what the ability does if it's an attack card, it's red
If it's like an investigative check, it's yellow
Well, I already had one yellow card and then I also you said four golden cards
Yeah, these are there does yellow cards that hurt you but I think
Just for the sake of tracking the next four yellow cards you use just hurt you
Oh
Okay, so I because I already I did have one more. Yeah, I wanted to give
But I could kind of cursed you're basically cursed. I see. Oh, I'm cursed
But I got five yellow cards
God and this is just ask mr. Beast if I should bite the way
Well, you can do an investigation check on the wafer to feel like if there's anything that would give away
If it'll do something for you, which I might not fucking go for it. Let's end this stream strong. Yeah, you're right
All right, let's just yolo
yolo
Okay, um the wafer or investigate it
You investigate it so you roll a red card and uh
Are you sorry you spend the yellow card you lose five life?
So you got to suck five left away Andy, but you do successfully
You successfully commune with mr. Beast
You guys you lock eyes, you know, he bends backwards to look at you because I'm assuming you're still riding him
Um, and he makes a nice mr. Beast winny as he connects with your soul
And like john snow working into a dragon you see through the incredible eyes of mr. Beast
Yeah, whispering in your in your spirit you hear
I ate over eight million kitkat wafers and I absorbed the soul of god
And by doing so I gained the ability to investigate anything I wanted but every time I did it forever
I was hurt every time it hurt me
What does this mean for me mr. Beast
I investigated the soul of god
By commuting with god and devouring him but in doing so I cursed myself to most likely die every time that I investigate
Fuck okay, so I've already got what investigation curse on me. Yeah
So I could get more investigation curse
I guess you could just do like a
You could not use a yellow card. You could just stop using yellow cards at some point
And see what this thing gives you
All right
I was just trying to find out if I should bite this wafer. I'm just gonna go for it. Okay
I feel like this god wants me to do it. He's saying don't do it, but that's I think he wants me to
Yeah, this is for you
What are you doing myself? Oh, stop?
I'm worshiping you
Okay, you successfully
Devour
The wafer cracker
Cool, and at first you don't feel anything
All right, then you feel an incredible rumbling
Oh boy coming from my stomach. Should I not have eaten that? Oh shit
Then you realize it's an incredible rumbling from the land
Oh, the earth itself
Is shaking. Oh fuck even though it is shaking though you yourself feel oddly calm
Oh like uh you there's a mental clarity to you that uh, you just never have had before like you can see the lines
And you can see through everything
But as you're having that thought
A searing pain starts in your temple
Even though you it comes to you with incredible ease these solutions. They they provide uh
Intense agony every time you flex your new gained mental powers
Whoa, and the rumbling in the land is actually
Possibly footsteps and they do seem to be getting closer
And closer and closer until in the distance you see a dark shadow approaching the square
rattling chains
And blotting out the gray sky with its size approaches
something humongous
Uh that you have not seen the like of in these lands before
Mm-hmm
You have through your actions
Summoned not to be faced today, but possibly to be faced at a later time
Mr. Mint last of the slave giants
No
If it's be his head what have you done to my god
He asked me to
Well, we'll have to wait for next time
Mr. Mint last of the slave is just hovering over you screaming at the sky
No, I wait for jesus
Why?
How much more can you take from me?
Y'all i'm so sad too. We're on the same team and i am pissed
Me too. I'm but i'm sad as well as pissed
I'm sad and pissed too man. I'm biggest shit man. You don't want this and now you got it
And that's we're
We're we're we're in the same religion. We're broke. You eat my god
Yes
So we'll leave it there I guess mr. Mint is real upset with andy
Uh, and he's you know many stories to all just hovering over him
I think i'm we're gonna end in the schism of the church
Yeah, the twigs can be reconnected
I also did confuse twigs with kit cats in my brain, but it's fine
Okay, sick. Well guys, uh, I think we'll say that that does it for today you you
Successfully made it through we'll call it generously. Well not in john's case. John made it through half the board
Wow
It's just that easy
We also case there's a birthday in your chat by the way
Someone's birthday
Oh my god. Yes amel
Happy birthday. I can't tell from scrolling who's it was but amelot nine amelo happy birthday
Okay sick, um
That's the that's a candy land guys. You've you nailed it. That was awesome. Oh, yeah, nice work great work everybody
Awesome job case. Thanks so much for playing
Now that we get how to do it next time
I can make it so it'll be so easy and smooth. Yeah, we'll start over. Yeah, we'll just start from the top
Bill will drink the water next time
Uh, wait, hang on maybe we'll have plenty of time after this kid arrives. Yeah, I
That's probably the lat I don't foresee me being able to do this
Okay, um
But we'll see you know, we'll see someone else can be me. Um
Yeah
We can just have a dentist corpse somewhere on the field. Yeah, maybe I can
I can hop in and um, just be like, um
Barely playing a tired dad holding a baby. Yeah, uh, wait, hang on
What what squares are we on case? Maybe I'll mark it down
We are on
I'll mark where I am we can screenshot it
Uh, yeah, we can just screenshot it
We're on 12 14 21
31 33 and
71 although
The obs will save these positions. So technically if I open this up, you'll be right where I left you but
Nice, probably if you could know
Can't resolve some important lore that we've made it through no
We're all over the map. We were paired up for a minute
I know I can't believe I joined a new religion
Yeah, a lot of religion a lot of poop
I didn't even really write in that much poop stuff, but
We found all my brain goes I only y'all killed a lot of people
actually
Wait, did the did the water glass guy die?
Um, I don't probably no, I don't think he died. No, he didn't he didn't so I just killed the fudge monster
A lot of people also died just
From interacting with them, which you can't because that's what I mean. So many people died
Yeah, good
Praise lord
Praise lauderd. Hell yeah
Like an encounter with you guys did every character you guys run into die
Just the water glass person
survived
The two are the gumball machine and the oh, yeah
Carl's using his doing a diplomacy run through oh and joe pie the
The the the science
The science pie and I can still I can like summon him at some point. I believe yeah
She's like a little candy heart is working at carls. Um, that's candy heart. I employed
Yeah, jill pies obsessed with ill. I think well, I know
Because I have to go to the bathroom. All right, don't think so much buddy. Sam. All right. Bye. Bye everybody
I'm gonna go back to my head here. Hi everybody. I'm gonna go do a show. Great to see you. Love you all
Thanks guys. Good luck. Bye everyone. Blessings for the baby bill. Thank you and thanks for thanks for
Thanks for putting this together case and thanks for making the idea Carl
Oh, yeah, thank you Carl. Thanks to Charles for recording all that voiceover. There's still so many more
I just want to go through like all the yeah all over
Yeah, we'll lower it up. We haven't even gotten into the deep laureate
Oh, yeah
All right, thanks for hanging out everybody. I'm gonna send you avali's way
We'll give this another shot some other time and until then. Bye. Bye. Bye