So Richie should get hype
Hello everybody
In the middle of the end of oh not even the end it hit level two
Good old pre-stream hype train
Whoa 90s
Love the hate you maniac
You absolute
maniac
I was I was letting the hype train affect me there for just a second
Back again, I'm just gonna be a brief one
I finished another segment thing so I can finally update this I figured we'd mess around with that
The dinos are in full effect. You can also activate a bear now. Maybe I'll just add one new graphic every stream
also every time you trigger a
Ralph munch cut or crumb plane it should count this up
If I did it right
And also you can now add if you're sub you can add chat messages
Anyway, good to see you all live in sleazy
Uh dank sauce. Love the hate 90 streams. Who who even thought I streamed that much. They're always so brief
Oh hype train's also live in an effect. Um, let's go with the news trap beat
I don't even know what that means
But we'll find out
Look at these things go
Anyway, I guess no munch and crumb can uh say they they can win something else over the course of the stream
hype train you doing all right
Oh
Oh my god, the hype train's barely hanging on
It's barely hanging on hype train. Are you all right? Yeah, I'm struggling. I'm totally fine
What a great day to have eyes. There's a lot going on
The eyes are going on hype training only have like a minute left to live
but you're in luck because
Uh daffy duck and bugs bunny are both split up in honor of you being here
I love I I I I do enjoy how chaotic these graphics make my stream
Actually have 50 seconds left to live hype train. That's not true
All it takes is a little bit of love
And I can live forever
Why let me die when I can make it much so much better on hype train
I'm coming in
Zooming real close
I'm much of a chin
My face is circling
Circle up bitches the hype train station
Woo skymer dropping a bit on me. That's a munchie on and I'm munching on bitties. Okay
I'm going to die in tan
I doubt that because I'm a hooligan
I'm gonna live forever. They would never let me die. I bet I'll live for
He died
Gucci returned to his home planet. Thank you so much for the bits and subs though
Um, why can't I see my sub manager there there it is
Uh skymer, thanks for the 100 bits uh jeslin. Thank you so much for the 17 months
Every time it goes up. I'm still surprised that I've been streaming that long
Um tan trend. Thank you so much for the 18 months
We're gonna hit two years before I know it
Trains totally dead and back in hell. So so nobody even worry. It can't get us anymore
On it's two hour time or there's no way I have to do a patreon
Stormburn, thank you so much for the 19 months apple-depple with 100 bits dropping the panther on us a reverie wolf
Also 19 months and to daddy 19 months
The 19 month anniversary exactly
Um, does the bear thing work? Did I do that right?
I don't want to make anybody waste their points. Let me just see if I can if I can cue it myself
Oh, yep, it works
Don't even worry it works. Okay, cool. Well, everything new seems to be working
The the the little thing down there could use a little bit of fixing this hype train thing, but you know
We'll fix it eventually
Okay, whoa
Actually the scariest one
I fed you as a wolf puppy once so you kept coming back. That's the trick to twitch
Is you need to treat everyone like a dog
Well wolf actually wolves get treated cooler than dogs
Whoa, listen up jack microphone and I'm under just mama jam 750 shiny tasty coins
And I've been dying to say this
I'm signing a bill to bring back for 3.0 with case as its owner
It did not say g4
Biden didn't buy Biden eliminated g4 from that sense. He's just bringing back 3.0
Thank you so much for the powerful 750
Uh exterminator. Sorry microphone 900. Oh my god
Thanking exterminator. How could I it's microphone 900 of course with the 750. Thank you so much
Combining screen names in my head. He said fuck g4
I don't know the government loves to waste money, right?
Isn't that what conservatives are always complaining about so I'd say bring back g4 if you want to waste some more money. Let's do it
I'm gonna have to make him smaller
Maybe you'll just have a couple pop up from behind the buildings because those those little guys are kind of scaring me
Uh and war. Yeah wasting money
Occasionally on war
That's the power. Let's do a quick news story. Oh, I didn't even open the discord. I'm so lazy
Then we'll try this how-to segment and then we'll go straight to the patreon
It's only gonna be like a 50 minute stream tech tv to biden
If biden brought back tech tv, I would be that would that might win my vote
I don't even watch tech tv. I would just be
impressed
I guess I did watch a little bit of tech tv actually
Tech tv
I can't even quite remember when the when the transition happened
When when kevin was on screensavers, which I do think I saw that was tech tv, right? Or was that rdg4?
I was just so young. I can't remember. I'm so youthful. Ooh robot news
Human head transplant machine. Okay, let's learn about this
Is this not a prank could this be not a prank?
2004
Kevin was only g4. Okay, so I think I didn't ever see tech tv then because I did see screensavers
But if that wasn't tech tv then I was not in the know yet
Also, this should refresh every 20 seconds basically and subs and just throw whatever they want on there and hopefully it doesn't
Start blowing up in my face. I'm so bad at reading texts that I probably won't notice what it says half the time
Kyle is in your ass now though
Or wait my ass. Oh, he's been in there
Okay, let's um do a little news before we have to go to other things. Let's see what's up
Take it from me. I'm so close up
You'll get to see the beautiful paws today chat just kidding
Back to my spot
And I purged my lips my lips feel fuzzy
Good to see everybody
I got rudely interrupted yesterday because I was doing a story that was vaguely. I wouldn't even say it
But I'm lily on a breath function
Good to see lily on a a falsetail
She's kyle in case his ass right now
I do occasionally have ghostly whispers from his butt, but I'm not sure if that's it. If that's somebody else. It's probably kyle
He's not really in there. He's not really in there
I do hear him. I hear him screaming. Well, no
Tech tv gave employees sweet fake dirt polo. Wait drift
dry fit polos
Dirt polos. I don't know. What if there's such a thing as dirt polos who's to say
I suppose anybody because that's not a thing, but maybe I'll maybe add that make that your first merge case
dirt polos
Oh shoot
Struggling for a second here
Oh my god called crimes
My computer's broken. It's not my fault. If you could see my setup
You would understand
That it's crazy
There we go. Okay
And it didn't work
Please I swear. I swear to gold. All right. There we go
Oh, that's about look at that. Then a dead heat. I was so close with those two and I should know
That's how it's real close
Anyway, I wanted to hear about people's heads getting chopped off you psychopath
Uh, that's fine by me. I can read that sort of thing
I'm qualified
Old dirty bastard made polos. Maybe
Uh, hair raising human head transplant machine concept unveiled by startup and you're sure this is real
I'm not sure this could be a bit
I don't know
Okay, on my 21st startup brain bridge unveiled its concept for a world first-ever head transplant system promising to combine
Artificial intelligence with the latest in robotics to literally remove a head and put it on a new body
We need ai to decapitate people
ai powered guillotines ai's hot right now throw it in the title a little raise your stock price
The city's struggling the city is struggling
If everything uh works as intended once the head is in place
The person will apparently be able to get up and go about the rest of their life
A brand new set of healthy limbs and organs sounds fantastical
Science says it probably still is you call to make that smaller that is scary
We'll better we'll make it a couple been better instead of one huge one
Uh brain bridge project lead hasham al ghali who revealed the plans uh for the transplant machine
In a series of posts on instagram told longevity technology
The goal of our technology is to push boundaries of what is possible
Uh in medical science and provide innovative solutions for those battling life threatening conditions
Our technology promises to open doors to life-saving treatments that were unimaginable a few years ago
For instance just having a different body could save your life if anything is wrong with your body and not your head
Nothing wrong with these people sets
Oh my god the city
It's fine. The city le is very um resilient
Is it?
Yeah
Let's see if um
Let's see if there's they say there's posts on instagram. Okay. Let's check these out
One second. Let me pose these bad balls up back, please
Oh, okay. It won't let me reload the story now. That's exciting
Instagram
A please work
Okay, here we go
This looks
Like a complete joke
But i'm going to choose to believe that it's real revolutionary concept for a head
Refresh this and show you
Oh, it's muted sorry bridge the world's first revolutionary concept for a head transplant machine
Which uses state-of-the-art robotics and artificial intelligence to conduct complete head and face transplants
Real insuring smooth outcomes and faster recoveries
Because head transplants require high speed precision
efficiency brain bridge utilizes advanced high speed high precision robotic systems to speed up the process
I can see them right there human error fully realize the 3d degradation and ensure seamless compatibility
The head transplant procedure involves removing a person's entire head
Wow from their current diseased body
Then attaching it to the body of a healthy young brain dead donor
Head transplants could provide individuals with severe medical conditions such as terminal cancer
paralysis spinal cord injuries are neuro degenerative diseases the opportunity to have a fully functional body
While preserving their consciousness memories and kind of the other body
Someone's losing a body here at least functional cells in the human body
Then according to our estimates the brain is capable of lasting several hundred years
Provided that the rest of the body remains whose estimates the brain bridge concept involves the use of deep brain robotics
I could be dating some real old daddies
Are you already did this
Normally, let us know how it went. How's that new body treating you?
I mean you can't deny that the track slaps for the surgery to be performed in an environment with varying temperature and pressure
The procedure begins by preparing the donor and recipient bodies
The donor is a brain dead patient who has a functional body with vital organs in good condition. Oh good
While the recipient is the patient whose head will be transplanted onto the new body. Okay
General anesthesia is administered to both recipient and the donor
Both patients undergo tracheotomy with a tube inserted into the trachea to provide respiratory support and facilitate mechanical ventilation
Our proprietary artificial plasma solution is administered to both the recipient and the donor
This solution is designed to keep the brain and body oxygenated prevent clotting and allow for safe operation at low temperatures. Okay, great
The recipient's how long is this right? I hate how you can't see how long videos are on instagram. Oh well
5 degrees celsius to reduce potential brain damage during the detachment
Guided by advanced real-time molecular level imaging systems brain bridge carefully separates the heads from the two bodies with the
Hell of a specialized surgical technique that preserves the spinal cord and key blood vessels
Deep incisions are carefully made around the neck to expose. They are separating the spine just a little
You've got to get comfortable separating a spine in the future
With the help of specialized AI algorithms brain bridge tracks both muscles and nerves during search
What about this? Are you not buying chat? I don't understand. They've got so many lasers
Incisions are made in the trachea esophagus veins and arteries
The blood is then completely drained from the recipient
Okay, what? The recipient's head is then positioned. That was one of the greatest graphical achievements I've ever seen
Brain bridge immediately connects the detached head to the circulatory system of the donor body, which helps maintain blood flow during the rest of the procedure
Oh, it's eight minutes long. I think it's important. This is the future. So I guess what's eight minutes when we're gonna live for 200 years
brain bridge begins reconnecting the spinal cord esophagus
Is this might be what rena did they fuse his body with a snow plow to save him
It's a powerful sound design that's true
They have says they're going to reconnect the the the head to the body about eight hundred times in eight minutes
Oh, okay. I wasn't sure until they brought up the polyethylene glycol
Final cord is connected. A specialized implant is placed in the epidural space behind the spine
Oh, great. And now you got Elon's chip in there, too
Promotes the repair of damaged neurons and allows us to throw some neural ink in for good for good measure with the new body
It ensures that the sensory system. This seems like I can't say it also functions as a temporary backup
chat for the donor body
Don't say it
They think I they think I don't know
They made it almost all the way through that video without tagging me in
Why even have a
Employee a high-level skynetist like me if you're not going to skines with me
I'll see you through to the last bit of this video. I know case is in a hurry today
I got the micron science doesn't happen on patreon science happens in the lab
Which is happens to be actually where I fucking him. That sounds a little bit true. You're totally in the lab
I'm fucking in the lab with the pen of the pad
But what I'm known isn't even rap. It's making numbers rhyme
That's beautiful. Yes
Let me see the rest of this shit and then we'll see if I if I buy it or not
Oh, shoot. I got to turn off those graphics so you don't waste your money
You're hard-earned imaginary monies
Those will turn back on once we're in the main room
I can't do it. I could turn them on in here. I guess too, but if a dinosaur comes in here
He's gonna destroy so much valuable equipment
Let's see what's um, let's see what's going on
There's at least 10 minutes of this video left on its eight minute run time
It also restores functionality and structural integrity to the recipient's face and rejuvenates its appearance
Rainbridge then carefully sutures the skin to conceal the complex rewiring beneath the surface
They had a whole laser grid treated with a special spray that contains both back and they brought out the special spray and antibiotics
It's like ordering the special sauce at Arby's skin healing prevents infections and reduces scarring in the sutured area
In the future propaganda yet, you know suppressive drugs are administered to prevent the recipient's immune system from rejecting
Now that's an essential step because sometimes when your head is slapped onto another body
The head will violently reject the body
This is something I learned um from watching
A show called called future ma
um, it was about like
Somebody's ma sent him the future or something, but they did this shouldn't it work the donor body
After the surgery the recipient is carefully monitored in an intensive care unit and is kept in a coma for up to four weeks
To prevent movement or misalignment of the connected body parts
Oh, that's a bummer four weeks of coma. Is that even worth it?
Life support systems are utilized to regulate breathing and this is face off. This is face off two million through a
face off 2037
2070 what was it when's the future as the recovery process advances and the patient regains mobility
There will be a need for extensive rehabilitation physical therapy and psychological support
Because you got a whole different body and you got a big you got the big frankenstein bolts in brain bridge headband
Which is equipped with a brain computer. That's an alpha alpha recognize alpha
That's an alpha right there
The headband decodes brain waves and turns them into texter speech
What's this got to do with the head transport devices directly from their brain
Granting them the autonomy to execute specific tasks independently throughout their recovery journey. Oh
They're using neural link for the recovery challenges of the head transplant procedure
Self-learning algorithms allow brain bridge to avoid errors and adapt surgical plans in real time. Are they self-learning by cutting off head?
It can also improve its capabilities over time by learning from previous surgeries
I think I'd want to be one of the later surgery
procedures and outcomes to continually refine and enhance surgical techniques and post-operative care
While the surgery is being conducted the brain bridge algorithm creates a personalized recovery plan
Depending on the progress of the procedure and the needs of the patient
Those graphics seem legit to me and ensure seamless integration
There's a lot of science going on on that tablet on that table on that surface
brain to computer interfaces and robotics with multiple successful
Man that lady did look really sad in that picture though peer-reviewed research papers
Over the past few years we developed the end-to-end approach which accounts for every single detail
Including immune compatibility brain body connectivity replacement of the visual and olfactory systems. Oh perfect post-operative
Rehabilitation that's everything
Oh the end
Breathing life into new bodies one head at a time
Wow, that is the greatest slogan I've ever heard
Breathing life into new bodies one head at a time could not have said it better myself
Wow, it is so exciting to be in the future at last. I mean
We've been like behind the ball on the back to the future future. They didn't even have head transplants in that shit
We now have those
Does the body still retain the other person's soul
Oh, there's about 30% of your soul in the body
Battle you'll have to have a soul battle. Okay, that makes sense. But if you've got a strong soul like me, you're almost certain to win
That's true. If you just even 10% of your soul shot could probably be
Up to 40% of another person's soul so the numbers are on your side
Well, and that's a I say in that that's my highly
um
Expensive yeah, I'm not expensive
I'm gonna request
Legs worth of water to run. Oh, yeah, I forgot that you require like
Full water reserves of water to stay cool just to run this five minute segment. Yeah, like insanely expensive
So, you know, I'm right. I do know you're right because I know I'm right
And both of us believe in this technology
I am so confident in this. I will say I will sign case up for this. I will sign case up to be in the first
Trial of body swapping. He can't have my body. Everybody's gonna want my body
I mean, they're probably gonna want my head to know that I'm a skiantist
But I can't offer either. You can have either case's head or body
And that's sort of just a that's a that's just a tryout. You could probably swap to a better head or body later
But you know, I'll sign them up. I think you already donated his body to Skye
So no reason not to get a head starter on that and do it while he's still alive
A hot cruise ship body
We don't quite have time travel yet, but soon
My AI is telling me
And you're the one of the best people to know what AI is thinking because you are AI
Oh, just a couple weeks. That's a little slow, but we'll we'll live
Well, congratulations. We've all been inundated with the power of the future
They tried to deny me my skiant today, but I won't let that happen
I might experiment with cutting certain parts of my body off and attaching it
The head seems a little extreme for me
But I again will offer up case's body and head and I will offer you
The chance to say see later chat because of the thing I'm doing is going away now because case
He's in a hurry. Man. My hand is so big
Scares me every time
Okay, well look, we're gonna try this how-to segment
Uh, that means I got to locate the how-to thread actually before we do that
How-to
You know, I'm thinking about possibly
Opening up a bin discord
Which is nothing against the cream team discord. It's fantastic. I just have so many segments now
It might be useful to have a discord to drop stories in for people who are interested in
Doing that that's a little less confusing given the title of and name of this than the cream team
But we'll still use the creep team. He just uses specifically for these news streams
Anyway, just a thought
I have to figure out how to start a discord first. Um
A bin cord like a real news channel exactly
Okay, how-to
Why am I so bad at using discord? Maybe I shouldn't start my own discord. I barely get how to use it
Show you use the internet thread. No this thread has been maybe gone for too long
Please please please please but please
It's hard enough to find shit. It's already hard enough to find shit
Might not be worth it
true
That is true
But I wouldn't have to go through all these threads if I just had a bunch of different
Little tabbies
Uh, thank you live and sleep search tutorials. Oh tutorials
That makes more sense. I'll use live and seize these link to save me save me from myself
Oh, come on open. Oh, it's in does it science. Okay, that makes sense
So I guess I'll make a separate thread
For how-tos
Eventually, okay now I see it great great great. Um, okay
I sorted it out. Let's give this a shot
Whoa does bin need a discord
God damn it emergency munching chrome. I guess send it over there. Wow. There's so many noises happening
This is crazy. Oh no my head
There's so many goddamn noises happening. Ah, you gotta stop all the music
There we go. That's better
How you doing chrome? What's shy to my evening? Oh my gosh, you got hair. You got hair again. Congratulations
Congratulations. What's going on with your hair? I'm gonna say. Yeah
Uh, I'm also saying yeah, but then I have to say no
Oh, okay
um
It's unnecessary. It's there's already a fully packed discord filled with stuff
It feels uh, it feels a little what's the word? Um
Fine. No. No the word it's like when it's something redundant
It's a little redundant
and I I just think you know
whatever
but
I mean, I'll do basic, you know, I'm fine with either. You're on the side. Which side are you want?
I'm on the side of uh, I don't know. But yeah
I think this is a little unfair actually because they didn't know that this was a pull tied to this segment
I don't know why we're even being held to this standard today. Oh
Oh
Is it really important? Isn't it more about?
Providing a satisfactory debate more than winning is another thing that you say
I have shed that in the pair. Yes, and I agree
I'm just showing there's two sides to every argument and I'm taking a side to a different argument that we're not currently debating
I just I what I had to rush out here. I was in the middle of shaving my trying to shave this
Hair that won't stop growing off my head. Oh, you want to be bald. I'm just used to it now
And so I win. Oh, that's my graphic. I win. You're crumb believable. Oh, I got that one
Do you want the point instead stop? No, I play that music you play Ralph's music
I'm not Ralph though. I'm Al. Manchester. Oh my gosh
I'm giving you the point
I'm giving you I don't need chair. There's nothing wrong with charity
Oh, I forgot that you don't like me. You forgot. I don't think you forgot anything Ralph
Well, we're in a hurry today, so we got to get out of here, but it seems the answer was yes
So I guess
We'll get that'll be one of the one of the other projects cases working on it starting a discord for
barely informed news
I just bear me at the end when the crumb bum started meshing up the poll
You got a whole fan army of bums
Well, that's just a fun name crumb bums
And I didn't even name that. I think we're the crumbed executioners
Oh, your murderers. I know we're executing our excellence
We got to go. Oh, okay. We got to go. We got it. We got at least to try this other segment. I guess
That's fine
Good to see everybody. That's my first win
For some reason my score is 95. That's my first win. That's fine
Okay, see you later. Oh, it's the second one. You're right
He's such a nice guy. He probably just thought that crumb one
Don't delete the existing one. Oh, yeah. You don't need to worry. We're just trying out the tutorials thread today. It's totally fine
They're all just threads. Anyway, I'll I'll probably we won't do it immediately, but I'll um, I'll look into making a discord
Uh specifically just for sharing stories for this particular stream
um, just so it's
A little less, I guess confusing where to put stuff. Although not that it's confusing for the people that actually do
I don't know. I'm of two minds about it, but the yeses had it. So I think I'll just go ahead and do it anyway
Delete everything
Don't uh, I also don't think most people can
I don't even think I can
Anyway, let's sort over to this how-to thing
I got a new guy
To do how-tos. He claims to be an expert in
learning
Learning and and how-ing. So let's see how it goes
Hello there everybody. I'm Jeb Nugget
Great to see you
It's great to learn with you
And I'm excited to learn with you
And sort of dealer's choice here. You decide what we learn and we learn together
Now I believe in I believe in three things
Crasponship friendship and our lord and savior Jesus Christ
And I think with those three tenants we could learn to do just about anything
And I'm very excited to learn with you
Oh, I don't have an emote yet. I should get an emote. That'd be fun for all of us
Learn how to make a discord
That'd be helpful for case
And that's the power of learning is a lot of people think it's some kind of stuffy thing you do in an ivory tower
It's something you do every day
Threads are the sub channels that you can't search channels can host threads
Ravi's
Is a channel
Currently been is set up as a form which is basically threads. You can search. It's the best of both worlds
Terminator's gone into the job, but bin might be big enough to need his own deal
That way each segment can be its own channel rather than own posts
Well, I mean case also could have taken a bigger slice out of this than he needs to if it's a whole thing
Then maybe he just shouldn't but he'll I'll tell I will look into it. I'll help him
We'll decide if it's worth doing
I don't want to I don't want to take a big old dump on a bunch of work other people have done
You know, you know
Well, you don't have too much time to learn today
But we'll learn a little bit
Let's see what's out there. Do do do
science
Science is the way to learn
Make your own color place already did that how to make well, that's a little inappropriate
Air loss treatment found in cinnamon
Wow
Do I have sex sexual intercourse? Well, my wife passed
And it's not a high priority for me
but
Love is an important part of life
There's a chance someday. I'll get back on that horse
What would you guys like to learn today actually
While we're sorting out kind of this discordant thread situation. Just let me know what you want to learn
We'll learn it together with a little help from youtube
And that's my promise. That's the Jeb promise
Wife was a horse face. I love horses. Is that an insult?
Because I won't I won't I don't appreciate you
Profaning the name of my beautiful dead Jebra
And yes, my wife's name was Jebra. That's not why we married and just a funny coincidence
How to freeze time
How to slow down time how to slow down your life? This is from two years ago looks
Test your perception and slow down time
This is Ryan Cooper
Jebra was a beautiful woman. God bless her soul
But you know mortality is just a thin veil that can easily be pierced by a powerful enough consciousness
For instance, my father is haunting a piece of wood
That's true
I live in the wood now
That's my dad
He's haunting a piece of wood that I found
Yep
And we shall have a great relationship
So don't let Jeff don't let death get you down too much. Let's learn a little bit
Was backfeed just deleted?
Did someone just delete the whole form?
Well, who knows
Somehow case caused a whole bunch of chaos
Probably should approach that question
More carefully
It's really into tv. Let's learn how to slow down time
Spartacus to be more precise. It was going to be aired after work
But my brother my older brother. He was my manager. Okay, which is like
Just a perfect setup
He takes on far too great of a responsibility when it comes to that job
He starts taking on all of the orders all of the the delivery is to the outside stores
It worked in a wholesale
Which means that all the other stores all of the other night clubs or these other places
Which a lot of people get their produce from those stores get their produce from
Not me but the branch that I was working for how do you slow down time sides to deliver late one night
On the same night that I want to watch Spartacus
Okay, so we're driving and we're about
I'd say three minutes out from my house. All right, and he parks up by the store
He goes in
and I'm just
Buzzing with excitement. I'm like, and then you slow down time. No, and I'm listening to this terrible tune on the radio
It's missing to the tune. I keep looking over my shoulder waiting for him to come back
and I see him smiling and writing things out and looking at the store clerk and
Then
Things get weird
I start looking at the clock
And you slow down time so
Annoyingly frustratingly slow
But then all of the sudden feels like I'm in a vacuum of space. Wow
How the noise the ticking
His car this video is feeling really slow
music
So what?
I don't even hear myself breathing at that point
What just happened? I see the minute hand
Just go
Oh my god, literally it just jumped
20 minutes
And it's a slit wait you spot up time. I snapped out of it
And all of a sudden my brother is sad. He's doing the opposite. You see him getting into the car
The music just turns on again and randomly and it's on a different track
And I say to him
Is your clock broken?
This is nice number. How'd you do it, man his clock on his on his watch
I can't speak. I can't slow down time yet. So I need to I need you to hurry up
Let's you do it home, which will allow you to slow down your okay. Here we go
Not speed it up, unfortunately, but slowing it down is just as cool
But to do this that's true camera and set up something for you guys to look at
We're gonna be doing here
Whilst you're looking at this clock
What's going to happen as a result of me giving you these instructions
Is that your perception of time will be altered? Okay, this video is by no way shape or form
Going to be altered edited or sped up. Oh here we go guys. We're gonna and girls
We're gonna slow it down when there is a moment when the moment does actually come
When you're able to see a change in the speed
Of what's going on in front of you. Okay. You always just rewind back the video and check it out
To see if it was actually just going at a steady pace
Okay, what do we do? This is pretty cool. You can try this out at home
This is what you're gonna want to do only have three minutes as you can see
The minute hand
Is approaching the seven and it's going to land right on that seven. I'm actually gonna wait about 30 seconds
just to
Okay
Make this perfect. Wait, is he doing it?
He didn't tell us how
Please I'd like to know
I want to participate. I know you guys want to slow down your perception of time
But if you can think about anything else that you'd rather be doing right now when you just think about that
It could be anything you want holiday
Oh being what's on your love it can be
My ex-wife general that's worth your time. That's worthwhile
Okay
Shitting think about that. Okay
Uh-oh
Now bring your attention to the fact that you're actually sat here right now in his present moment staring at a clock
Not doing the thing that you wanted to do
um
This does feel longer actually. I think I did it that felt really long stare
At the minute hand and while you're staring at the minute hand still do this more I can't
I gotta go soon. It's a little bit
Oh
Well, look, I feel like we halfway succeeded because that felt like it took forever
And it was only five minutes and I skipped a part of it
but I felt like
That was 10 minutes
20 minutes
To me it was an infinity
Time doesn't exist in here jeb
Pick it from your dad
Time is an illusion
Sun
My dad sings to me sometimes from the grave
Time is an illusion my child
I miss my dad sometimes and then I remember that he's trapped in wood. It's not a trap
It's a place to be free
It's actually spacetime. Oh
Well, look sometimes it's hard to learn how to do a thing
So if you want to slow down time
Just spend hours staring at a clock
And report back and let me know if it feels like it slowed down for you
I could feel it slowing a little bit
At least a little bit
Five minutes was at least 10 minutes with that guy and I think that's why he's a pro
It was a little unsettling the way he was looking right at us
And that also made me uncomfortable and that made it feel slow
So maybe the trick is to go out of your comfort zone
And that's sometimes what learning takes
Is you got to learn something new by feeling something new and today I felt like
Huh
Okay, well it was great to meet all of you and we'll be back real soon
to learn some more
And never be afraid to learn
Because it's one of god's great gifts
Just like your dad's spirit
Be entrapped in wood
Talk to you soon. That's the power of Jeb
Good old Jeb
Have some Tex case
He doesn't need to I'm leaving right now
Also, I don't see oh they have started. Okay, great. Um, I'm gonna do the old raid and get out of here
Let's get the fuck out of here for the day
I'll send you Gina's way so many Gina raids. All right
I'm gonna join this bad boy
Just for fun. Fuck it. I'll do it off the
Virtual camera I'll bring in the full I'll bring in the full bin set up into this
All right, I don't like how well my
My face fits into the uh
You don't get to hear that that's for patrons only
Okay
We'll see y'all soon should be back tomorrow with Fiona to play some games
Um
Yeah, okay. Good. We're good to go
The raid
I didn't do the fucking raid. How did I not do the raid?
I'm gonna make it raid right away
Uh, yeah, we should be playing some games tomorrow with uh, Fiona. Not sure what game she wants to play yet
But we'll do it
Don't shame the poor
No, I mean I'd let you hear cast but they're just hanging out. I swear
Also, though, it's incredible and you should join
Okay, I have fun with Gina everybody is a quick one today, but we tested out a new segment and it sort of works
And uh, we'll look at a discord thing
I'm sorry if the whole back view threat is deleted. Although I do see it still so that's a good sign
Okay, uh, talk to y'all later. Have a good one. Bye. Bye