What's up everybody?
It's lethal time
Hello, I got a host a new game. Oh
My god, should we I want to do an actual new game. Yeah, you gotta start over right hello happy holidays
Oh my hair is look at this look at this tough of the hair
Good to see all happy holidays Merry Christmas
Let me get everybody who wants everybody anybody who wants to play I will throw my welcome to your first day on the job
I'm inviting people my brain we can't do two things at once anybody who wants to play I'll throw my steam thingy in chat
Friend code. There we go. Make yourself at home to complete the onboarding process. Yeah
Osway is going to be playing with us
Happy holidays live, Mr. Whoopi boo boo. Hello Merry Christmas propaganda. It's good to be back in front of a webcam
Or whatever this counts as
Okay, let me throw my friend code in chat just in case no pressure
Hello
Kendall's playing
Hello, yeah, I can hear you
Might be a slight usual echo cuz Kendall's playing right behind me behind the secret door
There's a candle back there guys. Okay, I gotta get where's my stupid friend code?
Steam what is the meaning of this friend code?
Every time this confuses my stupid brain
There's there it is and there it is Jesus
Okay
Boom, there's my friend code. Anybody wants to play
Slam that friend code into steam
Your only challenge is to not say anything racist, but with our chat we can do it
Mmm
Hello
Amir, how's it going?
Right, how's it going?
Pretty good. Yo
This was way in here yet. Have a good holiday
pretty good
We went out of town just for like two days now. We're back. We might also be getting some
Ashing here some fancy
Daddy rads if you want to join, please do
I have the gamer RGB. I'm in the full gamer set up
Vision hey wait, where's my actual game?
One second. Oh, there it is. Okay, send again, please. Okay. Let's try this again
Invite the game. I should text Christian. Yeah, more errors
Probably need to update their mods. I have the same issue. Oh, yeah, let me tell them
I am I'm running a Freddy Fazbear mod to make the Bracken Freddy Fazbear that might I don't think other people have that though, so I
Don't think that should fuck anybody. I think it's just cosmetic cosmetics. Don't fuck people up
Tasty's on
Yeah, I think it should be fine
Let's invite fans
Merry boxing day. Merry boxing day to you Shaka
It's the it's everyone's favorite time of year boxing day
Finally
What do I look like?
Yeah, you want me to put on the skull guy?
What do I look like here? I'll show you
What do I know? Oh, I'm wearing the skull for you. Yeah, you're wearing the skull. Good. That's all I want
You know, I just want to be cool
Yeah, me too. Oh wait, I want to be a minion
Actually, I associate the minion with Christian because he wears it
I'll be knuckles
Can't what says we're in different versions
Tasty the mods. I have the only ones you should need. Oh, also, I'm missing subs as usual, but thank you to
Skyward for the cheer dilemma for the cheer be Grendel for the show
Dilemma
Stormburn and pop dumps and zombie Buddha and propaganda and dr. Cool and throne. Oh my god. I got so many subs
I didn't even realize it. Okay. Sorry tasty
I have
Late company, I don't think you need that. I think the only ones you need are weapon and the most recent version of
bigger lobby and
Then as long as you're launching out of the Thunderstore app, you should be good
Pating suit grew that has to be a custom mod
Very awesome at the day off of work and we're gonna be waiting for minutes
So, I mean if you feel up to try and feel free
Like those are the best holidays. Honestly, what's the way is in here?
Especially for getting paid
Chat I gotta remember how to play. Okay. Now remember what point
Should we get a flashlight and the shovel
Should we try a new
I
Like to be
Are you streaming?
No, I'm not streaming right now. I've learned how to program start streaming till I get my upgrade which will be soon
Hopefully I get you
Guys, I'm gonna make so much VR content. It's gonna be great taste. I'm gonna invite you again. Just to pressure you
Should we look start like a VR chat stream team
Something that you want to get into
Yeah, only if I can do it with other people you know what I mean, you mean like I get what you're saying like like
You have other people to just you know, they see made it. There we go contents of I wouldn't do it alone. You know, you know, it's but it's
There's there's the element of just like
Random people, you know, it's good
It's not always like it's not it's not always, you know
Controlled it's very chaotic most times, but for sure. I I've had fun. I've had fun. Just talk to your lethal company
That's gotta be a thing soon, right?
Hey Kendall, I'm sure there's people working on it. Sure. Do you know when fancy or
Ash we're coming. They won't message me back. I I tossed the Asher message
We I gave him the heads up that at seven. Okay. Well, let's do a planet and then they can hop in whenever they're
And if anybody wants to join feel free at any time
You do need two mods though. You need bepping in the bigger lobby. Guys. We look great
Little corners that you can find, you know, oh, I did order stuff if anybody wants
I can hear you
Hell yeah, it's gonna be great. Don't worry. It's it's fairly straightforward
Did you order I did order stuff did it eat my stuff? Oh, no, here we go
Oh
Think somebody else got it
Okay, all right, let's do this check check check
This is the best boxing
I'm gonna go into the fire exit. I'll be so careful. Yeah, they play music out here. It's to set the mood
Matt good to see oh my god
Dude, I just jumped for no reason
Hello. Oh, hello
Look at this beautiful lady
Yeah, oh good this room
Something with two legs is chasing you. Oh, it's like the thumper guy
Oh shit, he seems to have gotten distracted we can't kill him, but he takes a couple hits
You're not safe up there
I don't know
Come for me you fuck you fucker
He can't see it's a little monster. Have you just to start off?
Hello, are you dead? I see big legs
Jesus
I'm dead. I died. Oh, no. Oh, okay. No, you can't see is it real misty where you guys are I
Guess you can't out sprint that thing. That's a bummer
Okay, all right, let's um
Oh
My god
I don't know
There's some stuff there's some in the fire
It's just one of the crawling guy was found. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, actually you good to go check the door
Well, but yeah as soon as we're back in space
Oh, they're not gonna check the door
I'm gonna type it in chat is that cheating
I'll say if there was another door
What if someone checked it then I'm posing as a question we got
Looks to be dead
I don't know if I was looking at yet
There is a fast mover
Where's where is this Kendall died with something is this inside outside that might be that might be like outside, right?
Peters never win. I'm trying to capitalism right now. Okay, I'm gonna try I think that is outside
I'm gonna try and fancy one bite you bring kind of space. I think you can just join
Wonky talkies that's good. I mean, it's just you know, it's less money
cheaters was the
I think that
The gift of the gift of fancy for the boys
I think who's way knows where the fire exit. Yeah, he's going
He's getting I have an engine up there. Maybe but I don't know no
Which where else would she be if this ends with us we're getting
Okay, there is something here here. Do you want to take this back? I'll check inside
G4 cops you can't place a cop in this if you have to download the cop mod
Probably
Okay
Let's do it. Let's do it. I did lose
The other walkie-talkie is no more
To people dead the rest you're gonna have to move on
We got a quota
Well, so he gets it you get it
A good timing gonna throw my
Friend code in chat just in case anyone's joining us who wants to play
We are running a mod though in case anybody wants to play oh fancy also
You will need the latest version of bigger lobby in case it needs an update just a heads up
We did it
It doesn't update itself always fancy sometimes there's a little download button next to the mod
But you'll be able to see it and it's it's quick if it doesn't need it
Ray D
I'm in a spot that's like you can't retrieve my body unless you have a ladder
Okay, all right, you've been invited fancy
It should allow you to join even though it's
technically
We got the v-type. We got the engine in this in the axle, so we're doing good. We know we're so good guys
We can't die I'm gonna try one more time. We're just waiting for fancy
The fanciest man in the world hopefully I don't I might have to remake but maybe no yeah, yeah, no worries
You know, I wish I had short breath cookies right now
So good Eric heard fancy. Did you launch it out of the mod manager? Open the front door because
Make sure Beth is updated to just make sure everything's updated
There was an update all button
Yeah, there's that too
Also, I'll just remake I'm gonna remake while he's doing that just in case that's the issue
So just one sec. I'll invite everybody again
Okay
host
firmed
Invite the world
Which suits mod?
I'm running
more suits
The more suits mod and I am knuckles
You need suits mod. There's more suits
How many suits mods can be run
Hey, hey, hey, relax. Okay
These people just breathe it's gonna be all right. Yeah, I think that's how that works
Ash isn't so I think we're all in that moment. Okay. Yeah weird. I think we did it
Finally another leader
Oh, you're getting out I only see one leader here and it ain't I know yeah now we're getting the big crew going
Oh another leader. It's a whole set of them
Oh, no
Who do I follow? Who is my leader?
People on my level. Oh, all right, let's do this
Do not be alone in this world
I'm just gonna follow case
Yeah, I won't just straight to death again
As long as you're leaving us somewhere
Oh the beehive that'll probably kill us later
Are you kill us now?
Any bets on who's gonna kill I think I always always I will always bet on myself
I'll go fire exit
You're unkillable it's official if I stay near you we can't
I'm going to live
Forever
Ooh a flash grenade we could actually kill a monster
But it's worth money this door is locked we were stuck we're immediately stuck
Oh
Y'all
All right now that door's locked
This way is a big hall
And this door's locked. Yeah, we're immediately stuck. It's no big deal. No, there's a big hall this way
Oh big hall. We like big halls a huge hall as long as we're throwing hot dogs in
Don't worry. It's fine. I'm sure there's not monsters that are gonna kill us immediately
Oh my god, I have so many flash grenades. Hello
All right, what's over here? There's nothing in your case. Damn. I trust you
This looks like
Hello
Hello candle candle he definitely fell
Okay, I'm gonna tell you a secret right? It's not a secret. What's up guys
When when you have wait when you have a thing like this
It's you can't jump from the
Thing onto this you have to aim for here
You jump he actually made the jump and then he fell to the right off of the platform for some reason
Oh, wow, okay
Hello, did more people die?
Shit. Hello. Oh my god. You have to you can't you can't you can't jump on the rail at your own fault because it doesn't
It's too high up. What do I do?
You have to aim for this
Whoo, okay
I'm gonna drop these items I got off
I'm gonna drop them off at the ship. I'm gonna go to the fire exit. Okay
Leave me alone bees
Reverie wolf. Hello
Let's use the flashbang on the bees. You have a whole mod profile. You can send people. Oh, yeah
Sinister dev
I meant to
Do that the next time I played
I haven't thought about this game for a couple days
Yeah, I I think I think there's a trend on the disco where we can
Yeah, all the mods the only thing with mods is um
You know, everybody has to have them or they can't play in some cases, which has been a yeah
Yeah, there's totally a monster in the front door. Oh, there is
Excellent, let's go
Pretty fast too. Oh the thumper thing. There's all I found the um
Oh, is it a thumper at the front door if it's fast? Oh music kind of music. What was that?
What the hell? Um, I found the rumbling at the fire exit
Oh
Does anybody have a shovel?
We have a shovel at the
Ship scramble away
He's dead
We had a shovel at some point. Okay, I'm gonna go get the stuff
And hope I don't die. What the hell?
God damn it. Everybody's dying. Oh my god
Here, okay, that's not great
Will it? Oh, okay. Now it's in there right where I want to be
Oh
I know where it is at least
I also got to get a mirror's body
It's right next to it though
Leave him alone you monster. It's also a bracket in here somewhere
So I should try not to get my neck snapped. All right. This is my least
This is the thing. I'm not good at in addition to many other things pretty bad at this
Oh, I did it. I fucking did it
All right, now we go for the big money
This big money blackwell on the move
I'm afraid of all the blood
I do just have to go
Hopefully don't do it
Don't you do it. Okay. We're going for the gold. Don't do it. That's not the right way
This is the right way
Oh, yeah, shit
Hmm. I was bad at this with the lights on
But what choice do we have
For victory
Oh
For additional victory. Yes
Oh my god
Corpses and money everywhere
Dude, I'm the most impressed with myself. I've ever been in this game. Now. I just have to not get eaten
Oh, no, are we doing the bees right now?
Wait, let's not do the bees yet
Let me get this back first
I gotta go get one more body
That's at the front door
We need all the corpses
Then then let's do the bees
Oh from the front door, okay, you're the best
Okay, ash I'll distract you get the
Okay, I'll do it then
You just gotta get a little closer a few times
No
I have so much to live for
I have nothing left to live for i'm a dead man. I'm a dead man
Did they even get the bees
Chances are
Does he have the bees?
He has the bees
He's got the he's got the hive yet
Run for it. Get out of here
Fleeful we're all dead
Did they die? Oh my god, they need to leave
He keeps calling you
Oh, that's fine
I go by many names
I already correct them on stream one
That ash
At least that's how well, there's a there's a dog monster. That's not a voice thing to do
Play you folks
Wow a lot of us
Doing everything that I can how the hell was I the lady?
Yo, we collected 377 out of 277. Let's go. We're rich. We're rich. It's shit. I was
We got 462 that's pretty good. All right
What his team's not chance
I know I this what I said
He said chance
He's just calling out my chances
case
Wait, did you not hear the second thing I said? You said
Oh, you said oh, where's change
And then I said I mean case
No for the boys. Do you not hear that?
Or no because I was too busy. What was that when you said about me? Oh, stop yelling
Stop yelling
Stop screaming at me. Oh, oh, so it likes to take risks
Yeah, I heard that
I'm going to fire escape because it's the most roguelike thing to do
Oh, yeah violence is a nice call
It's a nice one when you work from home
Yeah
Think about you say that until you said that
But I mean just very literally it's it's over
Yeah, guys, we just made it to episode 1001 piece wait was the intro special I got to go back and watch it
The intro special bro the intro was the best intro ever it was the original but with the updated characters
Fuck I gotta go watch it. Everything's locked
Yeah
We're getting chassis belted down here
Wow bummer. All right
That's locked too. That's locked too. We got to just go out
Whatever man
Boom, you see that you see those cat like skills
I either get lots of money or I die. Oh, you know what? I should have grabbed the thing I put outside of the fire escape
I didn't even see anything. I'll walk right by it. I'll do that. I'll do it. Ash. I'm fancy. It's you and me. No
Yeah, okay
Oh, at least it's not kendo here
Okay, has anybody gone over here
So we're no man has gone before look at him go
So brave
Anything I am confident in my jumping abilities. Is anything that way?
I think there's a hallway. Oh, it's always three hallways. Oh my god. I think it looks all right. I think it looks
That's why I think it's like one hallway
Oh
This looks okay. I'm gonna die now. Oh
There's a hoarding bug
Let's go hero there's a hoarding bug. There's no holes, are you?
Just don't take this hoarding bugs key
Or it will kill us
Did somebody already take the key?
The key right here. Yeah, but it'll bug on it. It'll attack us
A what
Hey, there's a snare flea where I am
Okay
Oh, I found this thing again
Dude
I'm gonna apparatus locating machine tonight. Also a bug machine
How do we get out though if I take that this way?
Hello the snare flea got you. Damn it. Okay, this is not the way
Oh, that's the way to the fire escape. Okay
It's all coming together chat
We're making moves
Everybody isn't dead, but me I'm not immediately lost the fuck
Hello. Yeah
Oh tasty. Okay. Okay. So if I just leave I have to go to the right
I don't know if I should take this though
Because it'll go dark for everybody and yet I feel like everyone's dead
Okay, people are still jumping. I'm cheating and hearing Kendall and so I won't take that yet
But I do at least
I have to make sure I know how to get out of here
Because I'm really stupid and I'll forget. Okay. That's the way out
All right, people are collecting things
It's time for me to make moves
That you're right. I don't know why I'm denying my true nature. Detalus. It's time to go
Shit, I take the wrong turn every time. I'm the opposite of you gonded knuckles. I know the way
I know the way
Run for it you fools
The minimap mod that would definitely help me be not so bad
And yet
I long to be bad
Feels good. Ooh an air horn. Okay
Not these these are just flies. They're fine
Hello my love. Hello
How many of us are dead?
Two
Their bodies are grown around with bugs
Damn
Somebody died in front of the case. I'm so sorry. You never get over you never get over that kind of thing
Shall we go or do you guys want to try to retrieve their there's a slime in the way if we try to retrieve their bodies
We do
We do have enough
We do have enough that we could go to one of the scary worlds
We got 810
We can go straight to titan if we want
Let's just leave that four dollars. Let's just go. Yeah, let's go. Okay. Yeah, good job
Trusters at max captain
Oh shit fire
I'm still the most paranoid
Thank you for calling on my death case. I appreciate that. We got zero days left
He said there's a snare
And then I died to the snare. Yeah, I didn't warn you quite in time
Oh, hey also try not to die on this planet or it costs us a bunch of money
Oh, I'll stay in the ship. No, no worries
Yeah, it's very hard to kill yourself and you also can't ring the bell too much
It's very easy to kill yourself. Actually. Yeah, I do take that back. It is pretty easy
Okay, ring the bell
Watch out. I just ring the bell. Do I sell this?
Oh, sure you can
It's open. It's open
It's open. Don't go near it. Don't go near it. Don't go near it. Get away. Get away
Okay, okay
Yeah, sell everything sell it all
Oh
I saw all of our money flash before I
Not the flashlight. Oh, we still have a flashlight
Oh, we have a flashbang. Oh, yeah, I did so I sold everything
Oh
We could either buy stuff or we can go to one of the big worlds
Yeah, that's where you buying stuff
Well, we probably we might not be able to know
How much do we actually yeah, we can
All right, sweet, let's take off
Guys talkies on the shelf, please
Grab a talkie make sure it's a charge
All right. All right. Is everybody on the ship on the ship, please or unless you want it to anybody not on the ship
Yeah, yeah, I'll just close the hatch on me. What are you all doing?
Anybody everybody bet we all bet
Everybody ready to take me behind over here. Yeah, let's take over the hatch from down there. Boom. We're taking off
We could actually buy
Where are we going? Where are we going? Well, I just need to see which world is
I need to see which world is uh, if the main world's fucked up
We should spend more money to be honest. Oh we can oh, so okay, we have to wait for it to give us a new
And we got a bonus. Oh my god
All right
Oh, we could go to titan
All right, we're gonna leave forever now. You guys can buy whatever you want
Yeah, yeah, yeah this way
Huh with Justin want to join
Um, yeah, give him the heads up, but
um
Oops, I'll munch. That would be a help
I'll check right now make sure everyone make sure your radios are on please
What are you doing?
Hello
I'm talking to you to the pot world. What a game. What a game. What a game. What a game. That's a good job
Conditions frozen rocky. This is mine for research. Welcome to little company fm
Ash whenever you're done buying stuff, let me know
Okay
I see a list of what's purchased
Oh my god, I cannot type
Um pro flashlights for
And shovel
Okay, we're landing
If you hear me yell the word talk the pelicans just wall
Okay, we we just need one of us to survive
Is that a football team?
Uh-oh
Oh, we're good basketball. It's just randomizing the seed
All right, one of us has to live
Taking the talk
Take your walkie-talkie
That's plus we got flashlights coming by the way
Flashlights coming
They're sending the cats away
Walkie-talkie
Where's our stuff?
Where's our stuff? There is anything I can't see anything
There's our stick or something
Yeah, but they're uh, they're uh, waiting for stuff
I'm gonna send them the stuff
Okay
All right
Now that I've been a team player, I've earned the right to go row
I thought that was someone with rocket pack and I got excited
Okay, how's it going in there?
Oh, but
Shags should we do an exit? Yeah, I'll check the exit. Oh, it's one of these
Uh-oh, look at this one the big guy lost interest
Uh-oh
I just ran right by it. Oh man. I had a teapot
Oh, that's such a nice teapot
I hope they figure out there's a jack-in-the-box
The freaking jack-in-the-box was already out. No, well, I know what that room is, but I don't know where it is
I'll try in there. What is it? All right, what is it girl over here, but uh, what is it?
Oh, no, this can go in. Oh, no
Oh, I can't do that by myself
We can jump on this table
Come on, they're gonna try to kill it. I gotta find it. That's not gonna work
Per, yeah
I'll try my best
Stay behind me. Stay behind me. He definitely fucking hit me
Come here
What are they doing?
Oh
Oh fancy died it went through the table underneath. Yeah, the the getting on a higher ground thing doesn't work anymore
They modded that
Yeah, it'll just glitch do shit and bite you
Yeah, we lost all of them
You can kill the thumper it just it will usually you need like three people to be whaling on it
This is nothing, but it's funny or you can stun it if you stun it
How many stuff we can lose
I have a lot so much
I guess we didn't tick off
Yeah, just how many walkies are there? I I grabbed a total of five. There's one. There's okay. We lost one then
We have four. We still have four. There's five. There's five. Yeah, so no one else
None of you guys have walkies
All right, you put the why would you put the walkie back
We're going back in
Guys, there was a jack in the box. Did you see anybody else see it?
Anybody else see the jack in the box?
Kids don't listen to this message. This is toxicity. I should never feel right to die
It just I don't want to carry. Oh
We honestly we were kind of fucked because the jack in the box just came out
There's a deck in the box. Yeah
Yeah, he has a really good taco stand
All right, this time i'm going in right away
The secret to success rush straight in with one shitty flash. I hate those happenings. I can't escape
All right, I'm starting over here
Oh already stuff excitement
I doesn't feel good
They're just dropping stuff
Are you? Hello? No, you live. Oh, you're alive. You're alive. I thought you died. No, I'm alive
Anything over there
A door anything in it
Another door. Oh my god, is it locked?
And the hallway and another door. Uh, this door is not locked and
Yeah, but we can explore this probably towards the main entrance. Okay, I might check the other way then
I think the other way is dead out. Okay, I'll come with you then. Don't die
You're gonna don't die
Okay for a future reference. Yeah what I've learned
It's easier to jump from the beam to the open side
Because sometimes you'll hit the ledge of this and slide down instead of going up over it. Oh, that would have been bad
Oh steam
easy
Right here. No, right here
Nice
Oh
Keep running you made it jump the gap
Wait, wait, we can kill it. We can kill it. We can bait it. We can bait it
Where'd it go?
Because if it comes out if we come outside it dies, right? Really? I don't know
It saves us
It did jump the gap. I don't know
Oh, now I'm scared about where it's in it. Should just be on the ceiling somewhere
Yeah, here it is. I don't know if it's
Well, we should be fine with it over there. Yeah, let's leave it there
We beat it in our own way
Hello? Oh, what's up? Don't go in this back left corner over here. You there's a face grabber. Yeah
Oh, I did it again. No after he warned me
Walkie, I can take these stuff back. I dropped the walkie
Right after he warned me
And that's why you listen to your friends
Uh-oh
Oh my god
I'm here. You gotta jump
That thing kicked me at the last minute, bro
Did we get any stuff? Has anybody picked up anything?
I kind of like game bed. See, we love you. Thank you
For blasting that secondhand smoke
Also, did I miss any? Let's see. Thanks for the gift. It's a local puppet. Also. Thank you. Happy anniversary. How are we all doing?
Okay, fancy's not giving up on
A what brought us to the table, which is
sweet sweet money
Why is no one going in? What are these people doing?
Understore, what do I pay these people for? Oh, yes. Yeah. Yeah from the grave
Only fancy's doing the work
I gotta be useful. I can't not bring anything back. See these are the this is the thinking that we all need to have
We must service our great capitalistic slug guy in this game very literal
To uh
Put it down so I know what to send him. Why is no one going?
Why is it just fancy?
It's a one-man. It's a one-man salvage team
Look at this craziness
It's just a bunch of people with walkie-talkies standing in the same room
Kendall's in chat
Kendall, you gotta send him in
What are the links we need to join?
Uh, they just need to download the thunderstorm mod then they need to get beppin and bigger lobby
Beppin xpac bigger lobby easily most easily done off the thunderstorm mod
And then I my friend code
I'm never getting out of here
That's scary
Why is no one going in I'm so confused
Oh no, fuck that
Oh, they locked it in that's a jack
Oh, it's a spring it almost
Dude they someone just pro moved
that spring head
Did they just pro unlock it?
Oh my god, he made it. I got into I amazing
Why did you change it?
Dude, look at fancy. He still knows
The mission cb loves you. Thank you so much. Kendall is finally subbed to me
Look at the commitment here, this is what this is what an athlete looks like. All right, I appreciate the commitment
I'm gonna turn off the that's not a giant. That's not a giant. This might be the end of fancy. You should jump off
Will he know to jump off?
He did he figured it out. Oh, no, everybody's gonna die. Y'all motherfuckers open the door
Why would you yell once you get to the door?
We saw you we saw you fancy you survive because I got you out you understand that
Um, dude, listen to the brags for most way. Yes. I did. Yes. I did because I scared you when I closed the door
Yeah, I saw that in direction
Dude, how come no and then that was me that was for me to tell you that I'm watching you and then you run into a monster and I
Saved you from oh my god. It's a clip. There was a jack in the box a spider. Yeah
Justin needs the lights. I saw the spider web and then I heard the jack in the box
I mean, he just needs to get the thunders. I don't know. I who where do I send them? Did you even get anything?
I got a soda can that I think he died with or dropped it off outside
Throw one in the discord
Sacrifice yourself for 24 bucks. I looked everywhere. Okay, wait, how come nobody how come nobody went in?
How come there are four people in the ship?
No, we went in what are you talking about?
These things yeah, fair enough. We're the real hero. I agree. It's fancy
Okay, wait, here's my real question tighten as a clip
Should we go anyway, take my walkie if I could carry
We will probably
You need to have a walkie-talkie. You need to have a leader position. Dude, not everybody needs walkie-talkies. I don't need a walkie-talkie
I'll bring one next time
I think it makes it pretty confusing though if everybody has one
No
I just give we're at eight dollars. It doesn't really matter if we all die as long as people do some stuff back before
Well, we just track from we kind of we kind of want enough to go back to the expensive moons to keep
It's not going to take us past zero dollars. It only takes from what you have in your bank account
Right now, I believe
Aren't we here to have fun? Yeah, let's go to tight. We talk. I don't know what we're doing
I've been teared into work
What did I tell you right before you made that jump?
That's how you write before you made that jump
Don't aim at the right. No. Yeah, you're totally you were totally right. I can't deny it. I said that last time
Yeah, you're both right
We're going the last day we stay here. We landed. Sorry. I
I can't work under these conditions
Do nothing
I'm trying to find the fucking mods for Justin. Okay, there's one. Okay, there's that one
And
Bigger love
All right
Giants are a sight only dogs are noise dogs and a giant
You want to leave? No, I don't want to
I just don't know how we ever leave the ship because of the giant one of us has I'll be a sacrifice. Let me sacrifice
I'll sacrifice myself
Okay, I didn't sacrifice myself but I tried I tried to as well
But we still have a chance we might still die
Goals
squad goals
Anybody die like yeah, I think some people are gonna die in the ship for sure. I bet you
Kendall said she sacrificed herself for the dog. All right, let's give it. We spent just like four hours here with that
Okay, there's also going to be more monsters in here
I gotta give funds
Before we do that, let's go off. Okay
I'll just stay with you
Stealing
Also like where we were like did he get haunted and I bet you're probably dead
Yeah, I'd rather turrets things. Okay. There's a snare fleets to right. Oh good. Good. Good catch
Dude, there's a chance everyone on the ship is dead
That's exactly what I'm thinking. I think it might just be off personally
Meaning one of us really has to make it back
I really don't know how that's gonna happen with the giant. Oh, there's a goo. Okay
Yeah, I'm not going to do
You just go to the goo. Uh, yeah, I did but it's just a square
Should we go back
Well, I got a present so you don't like I'm cool
Well, I just mean to the entrance and then see if there's a different path. Yeah, that has gifts or a snare fleets right there
Oh, I immediately forgot this way and straight and then to the right is going to be a turret right here. Yep
There's probably stuff all around
Yeah
We should check the fire exit too. Oh, here's a big bolt. Oh my god, there's so much shit. You just walked past a ring
I got a sapphire ring
Dude, there's so much shit. There's tons of stuff in here. Okay. If we get all this stuff back to the ship
If we can get this stuff back to the ship, uh, we can't get the teeth. We can't get we can use it to distract
Great the teeth aren't making noise. Oh, I thought the teeth rattled. Well, then just great. Keep them. Hello, baby
Okay, I need you to look at what ashes do. What's happening?
I am it's pretty great
What the fuck the dogs inside of
Oh my god, look at fancy's coming back with teeth
Holy shit. Oh fancy
Fancy got mushed up. Damn. I think I think we should leave. I think we go it's just ash
Oh
If he's if he's in the ship does if he's on the ship does it still count?
Hey, everybody right click hold your right pasty fancy
Shut up bones, wasn't that amazing?
Oh
My god, he's just got to survive for an hour
I don't know if this will count as some surviving though if he's on the roof it might
One hour
Oh somebody messaged me on steam
Oh red daddy red
Why is it not taking off
So
Wait, how's it not been an hour of game time?
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Yeah
I don't think we made any money though
Well, hey, we gave it a good we gave it a good try
We had a lot of money. I will say let me invite fancy really quick
I got it to the ship. I just got it. Dude. We were close. We were close to being able to do stuff
God what the hell turns the lights off god damn it. Okay, why would you move?
Oh, I can't invite anybody
I need to clip that
I'll remake after we drop off
Actually, I'll remake now. Hey guys, I'm gonna remake real quick. So we can add one more person
Okay, we invite the world now
Invite to gum invite to gum
Invite to the gum
Hello
If you ever play with me the lights will always be right here to hear me
The lights will always be right here always right here. Okay always right here. Okay
Always
Guys that reset our quota perfect that reset our day. I didn't even mean to do that
Left
Should we try that again or should we just go to a normal planet?
You don't know how close I was I got when you were going around
I was on the balcony of the ship and it picked me up in eight minutes to you
I think if instead of me, it'll be a difference. I would have been in the ship. I would have taken off on our own
But there was dogs in the ship. So good luck. I guess. Yeah, there are dogs in the ship. Quiet
Okay, that's a good point. Wait guys, do we want to go back to that one and try it again?
Or do we want to go to a normal planet? I want to try it again. We need redemption case. All right
When we land though, we have to all not talk
Or the dogs will swamp the ship
Well, that was that wait not everyone's here. Oh, who are we miss? Oh, yeah, we are
I think we're missing this one
It's just a quality
And a miracle it doesn't it says is tasty on
Tasty invite to game
Invite taste to get I have to say god. I've been reviewing the documents and
Invite exterminate. You're all useless. Just invite everybody on my list
My god
Justin Justin's uh
Cables installing right now, so great. We'll get them on the next planet
Yeah, I think everybody's in now. We got tasty
We got red
We have ash we have fancy. Yeah
Let's let's okay. We have to not talk when we land
It might be a different seed. It's true, but I think we'll still find a way to die if we talk
All right, you guys ready
All right, here we go we got it we got it this time
We got a 419 and a 69
I made it up the stairs
Dude, they immediately started talking and honestly I respected. Oh no
This is a bad sign. This means it's more deadly in here. Oh shit
You see the immediate panic. Those are my gamer instincts immediately flinging the most around pointless
Like oh, oh, oh, I want that
Damn it. Hell else is right there. What the fuck forgot about it immediately
Okay, I gotta be quiet. Is everybody dead? No
So my body was
The mansion is very dangerous
Come on. Give me something easy to pick up. That's a bad sign
Let's try the front
Let's just try the front one more time. Oh
Damn it. All I got was an engine. I was muted. Oops. So I was still alive
Who was still alive? It looks so dead on the monitor
I'm crazy. Wait, who is still alive? We caught up with the ship and then we grabbed the rock
Shit, I know you're still alive. Can we get a restart so we can get uh, Justin in here?
Um, that was trash. I walk in there's Jack in the box in a turn
Can Justin send me his um
He he can join by by joining me. Oh, okay. Uh, you want to remake it? I think it'll make us redo that level if I remake it again
We we can see this through and get the money and then go back out to space
Uh, okay, let's just drop this stuff off so we can do like a a non-eclipso planet for sure
You know
I'm gonna jump off real quick so that I can see if he has his mods installed right and then I'll jump in
Once we're open sounds good
Good idea. Good. Are you are you mad at me? Are you mad at me? Me?
We're all mad at you. Wait for what? Why? What did I what did you do? It's always your fault
Yeah, what did you do? Oh, I put the thing in front of the door for the dogs. That was smart. That was smart
Wait, but how did you die?
Oh, wait, it's still
Well, kind of I was like
I think you got to turn it sideways the other way Kendall and then it can't be keeping anything
No, because I was trying to get people to come inside
Oh, also Kendall, you can move the cabinets and that blocks the dog too
So I tried not I tried to and it wouldn't let me so I had to move the bunk bed. Oh, I see
Yeah, it wouldn't let me move that
Did you also need to get murdered by a dog midair? Did I just delete the cabinets? I just deleted the cabinets. Yeah
Can you guys bring the doorbell? No, we didn't bring it yet. I contributed
I died like two seconds into that round
It was pretty lethal
Yeah, I saw my I saw my walker. We're we're
Yeah, we're accompanied up
Should we bring it?
So
All right, did we sell everything
I tried to warn case when we went inside there was a jack-in-the-box winding up
I had already seen that
So I'm like looking at case like yelling like no no no and there's a turn on the left and he was like
Yeah, I'd already been in there. I'd actually already just keep going. Well, the jack-in-the-box is winding
So I went to the exit the fire exit another jack-in-the-box
I say we just buy stuff and we don't go to a good planet this time
I don't even think we need to buy stuff. Let's get um, let's get the teleporter
The teleporter's out of stock
Why isn't it straight? I'm doing this around Keymaster
Okay, is it straight? It's not straight. I hate it. Yeah, that's how we can really
What was that about aiding straights so much for the color
Oh, but I can't make this happen. It's great anymore. I won't be straight
flashlight city
What the fuck that no
Oh
Who keeps doing that
I gotta get this stuff in oh you got it, okay
All right, you guys ready to go to space we're taking off
There's nothing in the cellar, right?
No
It's space time
I'm getting messages
Who's sending me messages? It's it's oh sway
Ready when we are
I love space space
Personally, I love space
Reached we're not we're not there. Yeah, what's that?
372 you can't forget to eat should I order a spoon?
What are you what are you in the mood? Oh, you ordering food? I'm like I like food
I'm inviting this way you get a double double
You want a space sushi? Where are we ordering from?
I don't know. What are you in the mood for eat the planet?
Yeah, let's eat the planet. All right, that's fun. Doritos? Oh, Doritos sure is what what has been seen is
Some delicious Doritos
Yes
Hey, where's this way? Did you make it?
Am I in there? I think we gotta go
I should be able to invite them courtesy of the power of late company
I'm hitting the button
I think Alina host needs it
Yeah, it's working
Okay, uh, give it a second. Uh, Justin's gonna come in right behind me. So he's gonna follow it
Kevin, you want a steak burrito?
Yeah
Well, well, I want it a lot. I was queso. Hello. Hello
Welcome to the party of idiots
Especially me
Okay
Can we afford um
Nope. Oh, you guys about a teleporter. Yeah, we did
We're going to offense. Oh, what up
We went by an ladder
Oh, shitty six
Sick let's go to some other shovel too
We're rich shovels are there
Shovel nine. I don't know. Should we line up nine?
Ace we should have sold the bunk beds for more room sold by the bunk beds for more. Oh, you want to sell them?
For more room. Can you sell them? You can't sell these
I actually don't know if you can
I like to believe that you can
Oh, I thought you could oh, they're gone. They're gone. Bye. Bye. Although now we can't block dogs
Wow, totally
There's no block that is actually blocked any dogs. All right, I blocked them. I swear
I block
Me and my dogs
Bye everybody
Stay much is anyone
Uh, I have to order
I got to follow the professionals here. I'm a first time. Come on. Let's go. Do you want a flashlight?
You can take a flashlight. Do I need a flashlight?
Oh, Justin's here. Nice
I'm the ground if you want it. It's on the ground
I don't need a flashlight. You know, the usual pick up with E the usual drop with D
I got the ladder
Uh, hey, can I have a ladder?
Yeah, I'm just taking it so that it's not good. I'm gonna go get in the fire escape
Okay, this has to work, right? I believe in myself
How do you extend this please I want to get up
No
No
All right, it can't be that high up
Okay, how about here? Don't hit me. Don't hit me. Oh no already
Look, how does this work? Oh
Don't fall backwards. Damn it. So bad at this
Oh, no, I am immortal
I feel good
Yeah, they can kill people
But so can regret dude lights are over
Hello
Oh, I'm down here. There's a fire exit this way if you want one put this outside
Oh, hello
Okay
Oh good this room
I almost always die in this room
That'll soon be dead
Big bolt
Okay
We're scanning like a real paranoid weirdo as I am
I hear like a monster maybe
It could be me. Oh, oh my god, it's k. Is everyone problem. I am here to kill you
Dude, we're getting rich
It
The fire exists this way by the way
If anybody needs to get out the fire exists this way
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah looking for bed. I'm in danger. Oh this place you can fall after that
I'm gonna run some stuff back. Uh why no
Uh-oh somebody just died
Huh fire exit I thought was this way, but I guess I'm wrong. Oh, no it's further off
Who dropped this? Drought what?
Oh, you're right. How did I get lost immediately?
How is that even possible you're trying to make your way back to the fire exit. Oh, it's this way
Oh, baby, I run some stuff back to the ship somebody found a horn you better believe it
We love horns
Or horns, but I got I got so much shit. My man's carrying 54 hot pounds of loot
He feels good about it. Maybe dogs aren't out here
Oh, shit. I should have dropped the other things off the cliff
That's some my bad
That isn't your bad
Oh, someone's got a new creature who
Somebody scan somebody exterminator
Who's this Ash is just hiding in the corner. I'm gonna go the other stuff
I think let's go one down
I don't know. I don't know what it was
They don't even know
I hit the wrong button. I'll admit it
I hit I hit slightly the wrong button
Oh, they got stuff. Oh, they got this stuff. Look at them all up there
It's a high
You guys got everything up there? Oh, oh, oh, yep
Oh, hello
Oh, what's up? Should we go back in or should we just give the shit out of me?
We couldn't find anything. Okay, we might honestly have got a lot of stuff
We should go scan
Is he the only one in?
Oh, so wait, can you scan?
Or I'll do it. I can scan for sure
Fancy the last one in yeah, go ahead and scan. I'm gonna there's 10 objects. Let's like the best player
The world and still die like ever how much how much?
Yay
There's 10 items left. You can charge your flashlight here
Should I just pull Fran fancy? There is a manta coil in there
Um
Does he have anything?
Oh
He died. Of course he died. I should have just pulled him. I should have just pulled him, but he was gonna be so mad
Oh my god, he's dead
Oh
All right, we're taking off. Hey, so wait, did you know you can use the monitor to view the map?
Uh
To view them to view the whole map. Yeah, if you go to the monitor you type view monitor
You can just use a lot of that
Uh, that's that's how I do it here on the terminal. It's the same as this
Well, it's just on the terminal. You can quickly type in like, you know 100% yeah. Yeah, that's how I that's how I do it. Okay
I was the most paranoid
Okay, we're going back to offense
I was about to I was like, I was telling you that I'm like, oh should I pull fancy right now?
Like he's the only one in there
We're all here
I need a flashlight
I'll take a walkie and stay in
All right, then I'll take a walkie and go out
Yeah, yeah, show me self
All right, you got a flashlight. Can you use salt charge? Yeah
Space send me my goodies
I demand goodies from space
Did we order anything?
Ah, yes, watch out
Where's my damn flashlight?
All that for one flashlight
Or am I losing my mind?
Please don't kill me
Fucker do it for me this time. I gotta be more pro. I gotta jump for it
Dude, why is this so impossible for me? How did I do it last time? There's gotta be a way yet
We'll leave in the cards yugi
Yugi out. Yes, okay
Oh, somebody's already been out here
Way too slow
Hello
Well, we lower it all up over here
Okay, Ken, it looks like the fire is in the main exit in the same area. So we kind of we can't go forward because of the block
Let's just kite it
Oh, it's like I've been saying that
It's currently kind of down
It's just we have to be like yeah, we feel like kite it here, kite it for here
Just come over here
Come on blob
Oh my god, somebody just died
There's literally nowhere else. We could take him down here to the
Somebody just died
But
Just once we get him in this room, we can just run past him and he will turn around
But we gotta pull him to a corner
Uh-oh
There's a big dog. This way there's a big dog
There's a thumper
Someone died here what? Hold on. What do you think?
There's something here. There's a thumper guys. There's something fast here. Oh my god. I know there's a thumper
Am I muted? What's going on?
No
Yes, you're not muted. I heard
But
Are we going in? It's in here. It's to my left
I'm going in
Keep an eye on it
Hey, great news. They got a little scrap. In fact, there's a lot of stuff this way. It's all worth it. I'd say we're doing a good job
Oh, that's unfortunate
And I got I think it's literally just me these guys. Are they dead? Oh, yeah. Yeah, uh, I gotta look at this stream
And I see a whole lot of that. Yeah, we're all dead. We're all dead
Oh, they should go get the ladder. They should go get the ladder. Damn it. Go get the ladder. Kendall, go get the ladder
I think there's also
I'm not gonna go get one more item. It's out. I gotta go inside. We literally have
No, I think that while the ladder was with
Here, vote vote to leave earlier. No, no, we don't need to
Fancy rancid
Plastic fancy
I'm just gonna get one more thing
Of course, of course, it's gonna go one more thing. That was that was insane. Dude. I had so much stuff when I died
Oh, he just he's ran by right by the ladder. He wants he wants us to to like watch him be good at the game. Yeah
Yeah
This is this is how you play
There's a there's a fucking fall all the way
Ladder just needs to be oh here it is. It is right here. Yeah
Okay, that's nice. Okay
Don't die to the ladder. Oh, no, he's
Using the ladder what?
Oh
I guess someone drops
Okay, my argument
A little harsh I changed
I changed my opinion
He was just cleaning up opinion changed
Thank you
Oh ash is alive ash isn't playing right now ash is currently afk
That means that he's a safety. Yeah, he's our totem
Honestly, he's our he's our hack
We're cheating handle. I had good news. Yeah, you guys I saw I was watching
How we go shall we leave? Let me make sure I just asked an ash and I mean I could kill ash for fun
But I don't think that'd be good
Okay
Yep, everyone's in here. Okay. Yeah. Good job fancy. Then he says here we go
Okay, he said he didn't even notice the intro for the thousandth episode. I'm so ashamed of him
Well, we we've been skipping the intros because there's so many
We'll go back and watch it
They look like they're having a party over there
Which show I'm the only one that one piece. That's crazy. We hit episode 1000
Nice
All right
I swear we grabbed you. It was so fast. No, it wasn't a graph. I made the jump over
I the the the coil head
Ran in and stopped and it scared me and I was like, oh, no
And I just jumped back to jump
I don't I don't deserve a flashlight. I've decided
Hey
Just did follow me like, all right, what do we do?
We love to run
I hope everybody's having a good post holiday
day
Before the other holiday
It's just me
Only I went this rogue
yellow
But I just stand something
Aha, it's everybody's favorite bell
The brass bell
They all go on the fire exit. I guess they did
Hmm, this makes me wish I had a flashlight. Oh, look at that. You can see it
friends
Hello, friend
What the fuck? Oh, it's a mine. You got to work tomorrow. I went to daddy. God damn it
What the fuck was that?
Good morning. Hello. I heard a bug thing. So I think there must be a headgrabber around here
Hello
Hello, is there anyone here in this home?
It feels the spirits coming out to me
Hello
There's the spirits have a gun. Oh, this is the main way host way
This is the main one. Yeah
What do you mean? Oh, there's a murder gun
Watch out gun right there
Uh-oh
Okay, well, I don't want to be in here now. Well, we could go out
Watch out. There's a gun right there. Whoever's there is
Hello
Hurts are everywhere. All right, they're watching our back. They're watching our back right now. So we're chilling
What is that?
No bottles bottles bottles, baby. I'm taking them out
Yeah, the locked door there
I hear something
It's the fucking thumber again
Oh it's a spider never mind
This way
Ow
Nice nice nice we run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it. We run it
Go
I'm out of running juice
Oh
How would have played because they weren't how is everyone dead?
Wait if everyone was dead how come no one backed me up with the turrets
Ash is at the ship
Hasty's kind of killed us all by turning off the lights because there was that turn
Dude fancy's got a key
Bells are sick
Getting chased. I think items
Is kind of random eyes you found a fire rain
But like you can have two
Bottles are better different prices
Why is it teleporting them out there? I see everyone died. I believe I could get those clothes where I died
I need to pick up the bodies
Yeah, she's still at least I could get there
Look at my poor man. There was an air horn right by that
Which is probably from this is where most of us die
Look at them just throwing our box
I don't understand what fancy's doing
He is scanning and he's seeing things above him, but there's a turret right in front of oh Kendall
You got to turn off this turret
She did not turn off the turret
I
Were picking up
She did
But it's cuz she's not using the console as the monitor
Well
It's just fancy was the only one still alive so there's
You can also I think just type sw it'll switch
They'll play me
I'm sorry. I tried to get the cool down as soon as I could
I couldn't see what there's it was because we were on the same level at that time we did a bad job
We're still they bring it back. Yeah, I gave it to I gave it to tasty
And then everyone else who died from the same turret, I'm so sorry
I couldn't see what letter number it was
Kelly ever use a monitor as the map
You
Switch switch
Yeah, you're right, it's annoying and you just type in people's names
I think you have to type in
Just messing around with the monitor
I'm just asking the room
I'm asking him come on. Let's let's talk over here. Let's talk
Hey, listen, you're really embarrassing me in front of you
Okay, no one's no one's around now. No one's around. I'm so sorry baby. I'm so sorry
Baby, I would never I'm so I'll do anything baby, please. Could you do that? I'm so so sorry
I
Do we sell everything
We can afford the spicy plants
We should show Justin what it what it's like
Justin run away
Just go you can't catch him. He's a gingerbread man
I can't escape
You're not going anywhere
It's all so here read this you haven't come to set up jet orientation so
We lose the ladder
It's just three flashlights, it's just three flashlights Christmas flashlights
We got a go-go dancer. Oh my god. Oh my god
All right, let's take off
We freaking did it. Let's go. We need do we need walkie-talkies?
If you don't know man, none of you motherfuckers. Oh, you really only need like three for it to be worth it
That is it. That is true. I mean, I'll get one last round and I don't think anyone else did I
Think there was only one
All right, we got walkies in a shovel coming after that we can go
Mr. I never know what that does
Yeah, what the radar booster
We don't want to like the transponder we do we just can't we can't afford that and tighten
I think it's a little
Yeah, probably we'll get a booster it'll be the next it'll be the next purchase. All right, shall we take off everybody on board?
All aboard. Let me let me put this into the navigating computer
Anybody wildly off the ship
Okay
We're taking off please be on the ship real loose
All right
Tighten his stormy. It's tighten worth it if it's stormy. No, it's not should we just go to Ren
You're just saying words man. We'll go to Ren
Renda's sort of words
Hey case get your
Those are plants wait, not
Okay, so that might be it. Oh, what's that? What would you like to have a podcast?
While you play this game, it's just using in-game comes
You can do it. That's you have to be just you have to the challenge of being you can't ever stop discussing
So the monsters are really
You could easily do talk show host co-host and then and then upper
Yeah
Can you imagine like?
I
Just
Does anybody say gonna walk you
Hello, hello anybody
Anybody alive hello, oh my god, is that the voice of a beautiful woman?
A painting already
It's me. I'm friendly. They do have secret bookcase
What's up, I said they have secret bookcases that are like
Yeah, I saw one somebody stream the other day
They walked up to it instead of exit and brought them to the fire exit. What the fuck it's hacks. They're playing with hacks
I wonder if there's anything on top of the bookshelf. There's not
Oh, but I could hide from you know that you are guaranteed like
Protections, you know, you pay to certain they're still doing the podcast
My condoms they're still doing the
Your podcast is so hard right now, so far no monsters
Oh nice fire exit here, though, I can never like actually go anywhere
If you're union and and you need work, you know, you can just say hey like oh my god
Productions need people
Where's the third? Oh
Hey, there's a thing right here. I have my hands are full. I'm gonna start taking stuff back
I didn't know it was just like you call somebody else. Does somebody want this walkie? I'm gonna take stuff back
Like I wish
You can give me the walkie if you want to
There you are. So I'm right here. Take this land
It's under mental take the painting outside if I survive long enough to get back
Beneficial for sure
But there are people that you know, they're like, oh, well, it takes so long to get into you need it
I'm getting a call from spam risk
That could also be our food. That's my delivery person is trying to contact me. I'm not
Got to get back base
Kind of I'm gonna go get our actual food in real life
Okay, who has the talkie?
host way. Oh
This way you have a talkie. I'll be right back. I'm gonna go grab some burritos that vent open was near you guys
It was small
Yeah, that's great down the stairs if you're out
It looks like you guys got a bunch. There's also a giant on your brother. It's kind of Roman
Mostly at the ship. No, it doesn't look like it. I
Don't see him near you guys. Oh
Who's running it's near the ship
Just see they did is there a thing next to you guys? Oh
Right outside the ship, it's literally it's literally
It's exit wait coming back was kidding. No, it's it's literally just yeah
Okay, you guys might be it's hovering around the entrance of the fucking ship
Justin died
It's literally just right at the front of the frickin doors
It won't the doors walking back
Run in run in run in run in
Run run run
Okay, I think everyone else is literally dead
Okay, I'm gonna start it's gonna you might want to close the door let's start
What's it called? Actually, there's no dog yet. So I'm just gonna do this
There's an item outside right outside the doors that Justin dropped if anyone wants to try to go. Oh, you know me
I also think there's a beat I think it's under the ship. Hold on. Hey, he's near. He's near it
Go go go get it. Get it. You're clear for a bit. Wait. He is another ship. He's other shit
I think it's under the ship. I can't see it. You're right. You're right. What happens if I honk its horn?
It's gonna come here. Oh wait. It can't hear you. Yeah, no, there's another there's so there's like another thing
Terminator drop to write along side the path if you want to try to go for that
Where where show me which way it's on
Right there right along the path
What is it going back? I don't know
I
Got the
We got all the bodies
Justin be like he can't hear he can't hear and he gets picked up by the giant
I
Did okay
What is fancy saying no one ever helps me well, I was standing in a quarter
Way to be teleported with a nutcracker for the law. I didn't I was helping
Also, you didn't have a walkie talkie. Oh my god
Is there another walkie talkie really lose all the walkie talkies? I I have one. Okay. We got one. You do
Okay, I'm gonna go one in
It's a five pound flashlight
It's kind of crazy
Oh, is it fancy you just hit this screen you come or is that
There's a giant sometimes off one two. How's there already a giant three four
What was behind you wasn't it was this eclipse? No
Oh guys, there's a giant
Yeah, that's why I said you gotta be fucking kidding me. Maybe it was eclipse. Yeah
I swear I checked though
I don't even know what eclipsed really means. It just means there's way more monsters including in here if it's eclipse
I thought by a bracket too. I didn't even know I didn't even know what brecken was following me
You got brekkin
Yeah, well, I had a spider and a nutcracker in front of me and then there was a brekkin that got me from behind
That doesn't sound good
You heard that to our left. There's two giants. It must be eclipsed, right?
I feel like sometimes
Okay, well people already went this way
You want to sit here and just wait for this pop open see who's the lucky loser? That's a smart idea. Are we dropping things outside?
Um, you can try there might be a giant right out there, but I don't know
Maybe just at the door. That's what I'm worried about. Like I don't know how we're gonna get back to the ship
Just sacrifice a few people
I'll get a job start on sacrificing people right now
Nothing you'll fuck this mansion
Oh, you know, it's exciting Justin might not know to not put on the mask
Which I think is an important part of playing this game is figuring out by experience
Okay, there's a monster somewhere
I just start trying to get shit back. I'm just gonna start trying to get shit back. Wait, why me? Why me? Why?
Hello? I have time
I still have time. Yeah, there's a dog about halfway
Oh, shit
I'm gonna go get the other thing that's out there if I can
There's a doggy
Yeah, where's this giant? I can see
Anyway, there's a good chance. I'm gonna die, but I'll I'll run for the other stuff
Oh, I'm gonna go for it. Do you think it's safe if I uh
If I teleport actually somebody like is you think the dog can hear that
Because I risked the return trip. Oh somebody else got it
The only thing of value I can be is to check if there's anything else left at the door
But will I immediately get devoured by a hunger box? Let's find out. It seems peaceful. Maybe it reset. This is pointless. I should just go back
Okay, hello
We can go
Okay, yo, let's just go. Yeah, we're pretty good. We're pretty good. Yeah, we could knock my way out
Oh
Was that a clip? I should check
That was scary. Oh, it was totally eclipsed
I gotta check after the I gotta check after it tallies are numbers. I thought I did I guess I did
I have to ask this way a question. Honestly, we did pretty good for being a post way. I need to ask you
I need to know if
that's all if you saw any teleportation like
a
Animation when you got picked up
When I got picked up I was like, I think you pressed the button
The moment that I touched his lip. Oh my god. I'm so sad. Okay, wait, uh
It's stormy. Is it worth it to go?
I wasn't already trying to get into the door. Yeah
Does everyone know about the mask
Yeah, yes, I know I should do as soon as I get it. Should we not go to that other planet if it's stormy? Should we skip it?
We should probably
Yeah, nobody cares. Yeah, send us wherever the dog and I was like, oh great
You are captain. Oh, no
Let's go to experimentation. I I dive. I dove into his mouth. It's so much cooler. I watched it
Look at me. We can be men of peace
And what man? Experimentation. It's the only one that wasn't fucked up. All right
Dogs can still hear if the door is open during the talkies are the losers
Well, I didn't know it was eclipse because I checked the the moon's too soon
Let's be in space
Honestly eclipse is the most exciting way to play this game. I like eclipse
personally
As long as you sneak around like a lot more items. Yeah
I'm just really upset. I had to drop that cash register
You did what you had to do, you know
No, no, don't die. Okay, you did it. I would never tell
Wait, are you going for that?
I bet you it looks around on the black. It did it did loop
Sorry
Just stunning, you know, it's stunning. Yeah, it's pretty impressive. Oh, hello
There oh, there's the exit
Oh a door. Hello. Oh my god, there's so many of us
I'm wanting to update the windows
Main entrance
That's exciting
No, I didn't see anything. There's no doors either apparently
Nine objects only nine pick it up or did you
Okay, so that's three objects right there
Okay down here sucks we have four objects so far of the nine four of nine seven of nine
Damn windows is struggling guys
I'm sorry fancy
Oh, that'd be the most difficult to beat monster of all
I'm so lost
Yeah, I just don't get where we're supposed to go. I feel powerless and scared jet
Hey, there's this room somebody's already been in here. Should I just pull the thing? Hello anybody?
I guess fuck it. It's already dark in here anyway. Okay
miss
What?
Oh, I don't know. Let's go. I'll just pull it. It's confusing kettle too
All right, you remember the way out because I'm bad at that. Oh, yeah
Oh, baby, where's the bees at come on bees
And just tell me how many items are left. I'm gonna just just send it on the radar. I got the apparatus
So, uh candle's able to send those messages those messages are coming from candle station typing a command in here
um
Monitor oh
Lugs bees
Bees, please bees
There are no bees people cry out for bees
But there are no bees unless they're this way. I think it's the time we find out
Hello bees
I don't know if bees ever actually spawn over here
It might be a no bees situation
No bees ever this group seems to be handling things better than usual. We have all been playing more
The amount of people who have played this game several times has gone way up
What the fuck are you guys doing? I was looking for bees
I was looking for bees
We have a thousand dollars in the ship in total because I have a hack that tells me
Nice. Oh, he hacking. Oh my god. He's hacking guys. Uh, how much stuff is left in there kind of five
Should we check one more time for the fuck of it?
There's like 20 there's like two bugs in there. What kind of bug are you talking? Oh fancy's in there
I'll go help fancy. It's now time where the monsters come out
fancy
Oh, they just teleported him
I can hear Kendall in the other room
I'm taking his flashlight
Who else is in here?
Who else?
There's nothing in here. Well, there is though. There's five things. What's up bugs?
Marching bravely on to death or anything
What's that?
Blowing in the distance
Seven okay, I just heard a door
Squeaking creepily open
Are they teleporting me?
Am I about to get fucking brutally teleported? Dude, there's nothing in this place
Oh, baby, it's all worth it. Oh, all right. Now. All I have to do is smoothly leave leave. Yeah, I agree
Oh
What did I ever do to you man?
Fuck you
You're a hater ass hating bug
Close it got the end or
Yeah
They let me die. He's dead. Dad. Why did they watch me just get assaulted?
It was a hard time man. It's so hard to tell if it's like hostile or not, man
For sure. It was a horde bug
It kicked up the ass fine. At least you guys body back. It's okay. I can like give him something and then we'll be all right
Are we leaving?
Yeah
Is everyone in here?
So I have
What's that?
I did take his loot early
And he wasn't
So many sounds
I was the most profitable. I don't know how that is because I
Everyone give me a little dance
We freaking did it
nice
I fell in a pit
We tried man, it's like are they gonna teleport me? No, they're gonna let me get
No, I
Once I got the loot, I guess it was hostile
Wait, wait when you were going up when you went when you weren't up in that room
Were you was it already hostile to you? Yeah, I just decided to go go beast mode on me. Oh, okay interesting
So I
That's that that's intel now. I know what that looks like
We are pretty rich though. We got a thousand
Do not put on the mask
That was such a complete accident
Not here though, we could do it on a different place
It didn't have you should be able to buy life insurance in this game
Do not put on the mask
Hello, friend
Are you gonna hold on to that or are you gonna sell that sucker?
Sell my mug
You asked me to sell my personal items like
Coffee with a bit
And we like kept it here
And I thought I was starting a collection
No one's allowed to take the mugs and sell them
So just put your put your mug here and this is the no-sells excuse me
I need to can I get I need to oh my god, you guys the boombox is or is 30%
You just look like how much up above it's 30%
I
Wait, it's very precarious. I'm gonna put it a little further back. What choice do I
I'm in dodge
What
I need to look at people's badges
There's no name tag
Not for me
Yes
Yes, you didn't have a name tag. You're a leader. I guess I'm just the big guy upstairs, right? Yeah, you're just
All right, shall we take off? You know who also doesn't have a name tag? Jeff Bezos anybody not on board
Get some hair
No, we're all on board here into space. We go
Put it in our ship find another place get some more trash sell it at the park
We're gonna go far
You sound great, dude. Oh
In the company
We the company bonus these profits. Oh no, we got the quota of reach. We are ready to go
What's up
All right, what moon is safe Titan is stormy. Is it worth it anyway? I think it might be worth it
I don't care. Let's get it. Let's do all the clips everything. We're going to Titan. It's stormy
It's very annoying but because it's such a short run it should be doable
All right, well the boombox is
Kendall's gonna sit out neat, you know, and then I'll probably have to make this prepare
Move where?
Are you fine?
Kendall will be our safety
Dude, oh, hey, Justin. Where's Justin? Make sure to charge that
Flashbang
Look how low something's doing
I meant to warn Justin
I think we're doing a good job
Dude
Oh, don't put lightning right out or don't put metal right outside of the door
This seems like a good area to get murdered
It's 3 a.m. Where you are tasty. Oh, why don't I scan good question tasty, uh, thank you for all the hard work for the company
You are relieved of duty, sir. Please get some rest
You need to be here back here at 8 a.m. In the morning
Well, usually I feel like you can see what's around
You would know like I might have missed all this
I'm just gonna leave this stuff in front of the door
Maybe below the
R.I.P. Toasty, I mean, I'm not toasty tasty. Also, not all right, all right
Troubled on see what
Where
Oh, where I was sorry same bite at taste
Well, we open it up. We might be able to scrape this off off it
Do the five for me, but you know what this works. I did find a soda. Yeah, I'm sorry, baby
Light
Yes
Oh shoot, I gotta drop both objects if I go outside
Damn, this shit's rocking
You hear these beats
Well, you know, it's that this will get me killed this soda can
Yep, I've got that in the boom bugs
You know how I'm gonna die. I'm gonna go the wrong direction of my mouse scroll and not be able to drop the soda can
No metal
I mean, I'm afraid we got metal
And we got to get it back to the ship
You know, I'll just hold on
It's very zappy. Oh
What is the right way to go here? Where is the long path? Anybody know?
Anybody know where all the stuff is
I guess that's upstairs saying a lot of items soon. There's usually a lot of items on these planets
The
Oh
If he takes up right in front of him, he will kill us
Ah, okay. Oh, that is just a cool guy
Oh
Okay, somebody's getting stuff back. That's exciting. Oh my god. Look at all these goodies
No, the boom box. No
Did it die? No
I love you boom box
Oh, you got a thing
Oh boom box. No
That's something worse. I don't know what it is. Okay. All right
Maybe we should
Yeah
A mur enemy where's my boom box? I think it's outside
It was there's something bad in here, but I it might be a I don't know what it is. I don't think it's the
Oh, it's a nutcracker. There's a nutcracker. Okay, I'm gonna
I'm going this way. Look at that
Should I check the fire exit?
Yeah, of course
Look at that here
Follow that because it's stormy. There's definitely a nutcracker somewhere. Do I have a key?
Oh, there's a
Am I getting struck by lightning inside?
Maybe that's what it tried to do
You know, I had a key at the main door. I'll go check if it's still there
Damn somebody took it
There's a key in the ship for sure, but it will electrocute you. Oh wait. I have a key on me. I'm a fucking idiot
I straight up have it. Yeah, it definitely sounds like you're about to get shocked for me. Yeah, it's trying to it's like playing through the animation
Anyway, I think there's a nutcracker in here
Well, if you hear a shotgun or some steps
This is open
Key
Here's a key. Oh and the teeth behind you
Take the teeth
Oh, but these chatter
There's a locked door to the right the right
Yeah
Blind door dog. Oh, that's right. Oh, that's right. The key
Cheese
Oh, baby this thing
All right excited for that to kill us
Oh blind dog plus that thing is good
And my keys. Oh, yeah, I'm
on that
That's a lot too
There's so many locked doors
I know
Did we lose Justin? Did he die?
I don't know where he went maybe that maybe he's left because of uh
Do you know?
Uh, he's there somebody's here
Is there anything over your face? I couldn't see. I don't think so
I'm almost out of last week
We honestly should probably call it right
I think so but the problem is we have no way of telling them that we're gonna have to get
As soon as I jump on that ship
Yeah, we'll just have to
Point at them
You could go up these stairs
Okay, yeah, let's just try to get the ship back to the ship I guess
All right, I see when the three of us get off and we just we just hit it
Because I'm gonna be noise making for sure
Okay, you you you want to try to go for I think we have to keep a little distance from you
You can give me some items if you want
Should we split up our items that and that
Okay
All right, let's go for it
It's slight I could I could hear case in the background slightly
And I was just ready to just I was like
I almost died
Right before getting on the ship
Dude fancy, I don't know how you survived that
Absolutely, uh, siria. That's a good description
That dog shit put me on the stairs
So when I got teleported, uh, it was one of the little bug creatures and it was giving me a gift
It was it was a gift in its hands, and I tried and I grabbed it, but then I got help
No, well, when you grab it stuff out of his hands, it will immediately attack you
Ah, yeah, I think you will not die
You like it across um the boom box at one point. So I just I could not figure out my way out of there
Yeah
Do you want another one?
I literally could not find that door. Yeah
It is amazing
On the bright side this one isn't stormy this time
There's almost literally walking up to the front door and leaving items inside but in the front door
You do that sometimes it's safer to do that
Out of the bugs in there and it can just take it
Well, I mean it wasn't at the door
Yeah
It's groups fighting no choice, but they go solo. I don't know if you saw me jump onto that dog case
But I definitely should have died
I also I can't believe the whoopee cushion is electric you will electric you
The whoopee cushion? Yeah, the whoopee cushion was electrified
Then oh good to see you
I saw you stepping on it. I'm like, is he trying to die?
Oh, okay
A tragedy mask
A bracket room inside
35 objects aren't shit
Do you want pills? Do you want pills? Pills? Pills? Ooh pills
Dude, I don't trust myself
These ledges
Good to know there's a brack in summer here. Hello
Oh one dead already damn century
Dead to the century never feels good
Ooh, here's the thing. Hmm. I'm hearing Kendall say we got to go in the other room
But look at these goodies I'm finding
I'm hearing spooky music too
Hello, I like immediately got lost. Okay, that's a good sign because centuries were
Leading me out at one point
Not that one
Fancy
How do I get out of here? Fuck
This is where I already was
God damn it
Ow
How did that happen?
Hmm. I need to be teleported or I'm done for
I will straight up walk into a mine
Am I managing to find the way out? Probably not. What if I am?
Oh my god, it's right there
I
feel
So smart
Please don't kill me
Come to here
Come here. Come here. Come here. I'm gonna right there
Come to where I can see you please
Jesus Christ
I can't believe I survived
It's my greatest game or achievement of all time. No, I'm gonna get
Now I'm done by a dog or something
Guys, normally it'd be many enough for teleporting me, but I randomly survived
No, we were watching you
And
We saw that it was a door. So we were giving you the chance to open it. Thank you
We almost like there was a moment they were like, oh, do we take them? Do we take them? And we were we
Yeah, it was
Wow, we're honestly kind of
That coil head
I turned off a gas valve
And I turned around and it was right in my face and I was like, oh my god
I went by and I saw him doing this
This time doing this in the corner and I was like, okay, I can't tell if he's dead or not, but I'm gonna
I was trying to make that two doors
I didn't want another one coming like touching me by surprise. Yeah, usually when there's one there's like eight more
Yeah case and I would know
All right, so should we just take off
Let's take it
We fucking did it
Should I put the mask on for uh, just to just witness and experience
It will kill a bunch of us and we will lose uh, we can do it. We can do it on the planet far away and then
You know at the end
Yeah, whenever we're gonna when we go to sell
Well, we'll lose money though if somebody dies
true
But maybe that's the point. Yeah, I mean whatever
it's okay
for the lulls
It's true. The lulls are important
We could do it on the first
Uh, first day of the next round. That's true
I'd keep it in the or maybe we'll just randomly find
I could also just I could have spent all of our money
Sometimes you got a lull
We're doing great. There's a spider a little sticky there a little sticky. Yeah
Shit, can we even go through there? I think I'm gonna go use the fire exit if there's nothing that's not heard
They'll open it if they want to another mass
Nice
Yeah, there's a spider
Mine
Cattle excitement
Hell yeah
Things are going too smooth. You're right
Honestly, this run's been going too well. Can I walk over?
Look at that fucking guy
All right, I guess fire
Ooh, somebody's getting the juice
Yeah, hello
Hey, did you get those objects? Anybody bring them back? I'll go bring them back
Team work
profit
Seven items
We've got seven items for you
Oh, I'm haunted
Uh-oh
I gotta close the door
I don't know if the door does anything it helps me get up
Do I know if the door does anything a little girl right outside?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying here
Don't worry about them as long as she's on for me
Uh, mass delivery for the little boy. It's a little girl
I don't like that joke
I can see her on the camera right here
Like I can see her right outside the door
The door does nothing when haunted. They're as good as that. That's what I like to hear it really
You guys
There's a spider at like the front door
I'm gonna check the fire exit a little more I guess
It's gonna probably be getting to be monster city though
Okay
Fancy already got most of the stuff from near the entrance. Oh, okay, so we must go deeper
There's a fancy lamp. Oh way to go. There's a door up here
Excited to get spring headed again
Nothing
At least the ghost girl can only get one of us at a time
I think it's fancy. Yeah, it is
Fancy's haunted. Well, unless he's dead then one of us is next
I don't know if you can outrun him forever. Hey more stuff
The fuck was that? Oh, it's the phone
Yeah
What'd you guys find?
A bracket you can get around the bracket
We might just have to jump all right
Sight is it easy that way or is it down? No, it's right here. It's right here guys. The exit's right here
Oh
Oh
He's a dog that means outside
Yeah, there's a dog outside. So we got to be quiet now
Damn, we are the richest we've ever been
1879 works buddy. The door works everyone in the door works. I'm surprised. Holy shit. Looks like I don't see anyone out
She literally still out there dancing the whole time
All the girl. Yeah
Somebody in chat's like paw patrol outside
Yes, yeah the paw patrol is real
Okay, we're riches
I hope chat I hope chat's enjoying my my transmits chat. I'm gonna grab a burrito
Flashlights are 80% off right now. They're three. Does anybody want one? Yes, grab nine
You know literally grab nine, please. All right, we're just gonna have them as backup
They might send them in double batch or something, but we'll go pick them all up
So and everything
Oh, we're at the store. Oh, I'm
I thought we would kill
Almost got eaten by a dog and a girl. Well, I watched them do all the work. We have little flashlights guys. So
We can kind of afford to buy a lot of stuff
We just bought a bunch of shitty flashlights because they're cheap. Oh, okay. They were three each
So there's like a pile of them
Don't go don't go
Can we get can we get like two walkies? Absolutely. We'll get four. Why not? Oh, we sold anything yet?
No, we're waiting for it to get
Okay, no, we're gonna. Are we are we doing the mask thing?
Um, if we are I should purchase the moon's first
Purchase the what? I should like purchase the moon's
So you can shoot me
How do you kill a nutcracker
Oh, no, don't die
What does this do? What is this? This just makes a lot of noise. You can use it to like distract dogs
That's the ship I went and clamped the bone box and the coals that we ran into the other day
Holy shit, somebody's laughing like the hook
Can we sell those masks Jesus?
Keep the whoopy cushion on the teleporter
If you go past if you tap when the door opens
Then I think the tentacles grab you
Yeah
This is reverse teleporting it is
You know everything nice
As long as you don't press it again
Be me and then be me back looks like I was standing there somebody probably pressed for one more time
It'll probably go. Oh, there's a 200 second cooldown
for
Well, no, because you could
This is the inverse one, right? Yeah
Yeah
It's a 117 second cooldown if you guys want to and it goes in between rounds
So we take off and we still gotta wait
Are we doing the mask thing still?
Oh, we are
So many keys guys so many flashlights what the fuck that's for you
That's the shuttle for me. Did you were you the one looking for it? No. I'm just loading some of the stuff
Anybody get the spray paints? Oh my gosh, we have so much
I mean, I've already spent most of it
How's this? Oh
Lucky check
Anybody brave enough to go
Yeah, I always do
I don't know this does here
It brings you inside to a random place
It doesn't bring any item out of you. Yeah, but I don't know what it does on this planet radios. Oh, I don't know if it does
We might die
I'm gonna take this off
Take it off
Everybody on board all aboard radios
What if he throws you in the water it feels appropriate
It's probably gonna send this key like to some random spot
Oh, we lost somebody who died
Who died?
Let's find let's let's wait for them to reappear
Yeah, who died?
Yeah, don't don't stand there. We can't see when Tasty left, maybe
Ash Ash was left behind
No way
It says right there in chat. Ash was left behind
How did that happen?
How could you guys?
I like for all point when he hasn't showed up. Yeah. Why yeah, where are we going?
Um, oh every Titan's foggy. That's fine
I think he's I think he teleported on me
We still have 300 dollars if anybody wants to buy anything else look at that life for so long
I bought some cozy lights. Oh nice. I don't know where they are
Oh, yeah, the little ship upgrades
At least we're
We're good
Hey
All right, we're doing that
Everyone's good. All right. Who's anyone staying here and you stay here or you want to go with hit the button?
I'll stay if you want to go
All right, everyone get in for the random drop. Okay, I'm about to beam you guys
Everyone get in for fortnite mode. Oh shit a toilet. What the fuck? I got us a toilet. Okay. Goodbye everybody
Have fun, okay
People look how many flashlights they've tried to take with them. Beautiful
Oh, we didn't even sell this
All right
You want me to take a I'll take a walkie Kindle
There's only one walkie. Oh, I'll get a score
You can't believe you already died
The corpse immediately scares me
Yeah, so sad
There's a bunch of you want me to beam you?
You have a flashlight though. I'll go in the front just to be shape
What's the what's the toilet for? It's for fun. You can flush it
Oh, okay, that's cool
Yeah, I got walkies
I got teleported into a locked door. Oh, I was wondering
Yeah, thank you. I was it was the bracket room
It was locked
All right, kind of let the flashlight if you would feel like talking to me. Okay. Where are the stairs?
Hello
We'll do
The devs just ran by somebody
24 hours stream. I couldn't find any vods. Oh my friend, uh, john madison
The family characters. Yeah, the Daniels stand
Oh
Uh, it's john madison. I think referee wolf. What's up apparatus?
Yeah
Wow, this room is we should wait to get oh a red. What the hell? How do you get that?
My hands are full if you jump up there. You can grab that. There's a soda
We should leave that for now. It's so close to the entrance
Watch out for the gun. All right, I'll run some stuff down
If you got my flashlight, you can have it
Two only us
Wow the inverse teleporter
Showing it's worth. Oh, did I just jump too far? Okay, so what are you going to be in a full musical?
Yeah, I've been considering writing a musical. I just wrote some back in Chicago. Uh, where's the ship? Hello
Kendall
Yeah
Oh, there's the ship
Or are you lost? Look at all the dead bodies
Oh my god
I'm in full shock. I don't know what they die from but
Wow
I think the inverse teleporter might send you like straight to a monster
You think they were doing pretty good for a bit and then I look back at all them. They're all dead, so
I guess we'll go back up. I might bring back exterminator quickly. I don't know
He's right here
Can you hear our voices?
exterminator
Friend
Is he not coming?
He's coming
He's getting he's going down. He's going down
I'm gonna go back up
What time is it just to grab this stuff? Yeah, just to see if there's anything else easy to grab
I'm going back up
Dude, the light does make it way harder to see which is a little odd
You shouldn't they shouldn't hold it directly up to their eyeball. It's a mistake. All right. Time to check the fires
Oh, there's more shit. Oh
Anyway, I wrote some musicals back in Chicago. I've been considering doing one for fun
Is that a bracken room a key?
The key was right in front of the door. I didn't even notice. They just need to not die
Okay, everybody else died so something bad is
Any stuff in this room?
No, no green stuff
Okay, I gotta go. Oh, you don't need to teleport me. You don't need to teleport me. Oh
I'm sorry. I thought you meant like I gotta go about the drive. No, that's fair. I shouldn't have said it like that
um, well fuck I
I guess we should just go go back in now. We have so much money. We can we can just get more shit
I was like we can just like uh inverse teleport
We got 430 on the ship. That's okay considering everybody died. So I guess let's just leave
There's a jack in the box in there. So it's like hopeless
Oh, I see. I see. Do you think that's what everyone died from? Yeah. Oh, okay, let's see
It's a run-ender
G for the musical
Yeah, it's tempting
Go buddy. I should make a body corner
Chase is like every single category
Okay, so I I fell back in the box first and it came at me. I just jumped over the railing
It was
That was radium who died next was it me? No, it wasn't me. It was me. Um
Um
Oh, you guys saw each other die. Um, yeah, I mean I was close to not to hear the winding up
I just didn't expect it to wind up
Yeah, I I got teleported back
We're ready for the guy didn't even hear it
And now I'm realizing just because that's because I didn't need anyone it just it just ran
I mean
So sorry ash
The jack in the box definitely ate me
So that means a reset because when I found it it was back in its box
You guys gonna inverse again you want to inverse again?
Sure
Except no
Okay, you guys do three ready? Okay, here we go. Bye. Bye
Okay, just a musical about g4 would be a
Pleasant way to spill all of the
Remaining tea
Honestly, it's pretty spilled at this point
The only opinions that haven't been shared are like
The subjective and particularly mean ones
Hello
Okay
Someone said if you do this you can immediately switch it when you pick it up
it like
Won't
Activate I can't do it fast enough. I lack the skills
I could probably get a
I can probably get peter to be drunk on a g4 music
It's spray paint
I'm gonna put the mask on in five seconds
What why
Four why three
Who what's happening? Why? Well, I'm putting the mask on over here in this dark corner. Why?
Why chaos an agent of chaos
Damn
Well, we're probably gonna die
There should also be a mask
Nathan now, let me know. Yeah, there's a mask Nathan and he will be coming so let's go
I'm gonna look a little bit more
Did I already go this way? Is this how it came in? I cannot remember it is
Yeah, this is how it came in
Hello
Do you know where?
There's a gun over here so don't like run down
There's a what?
There's a gun
A gun? Do you know a way out?
Uh, if you can hear my voice, I'm right next to the exit
Okay, I don't know where you guys are though. I don't I can't tell
Son of a bitch
I'm trying to make my way to you
I'm a little blocked by a spider currently
We'll see what's this way
Coil head?
Yeah, I might I need to get teleported
I need to get teleported. I'll see if they do it
Teleport me
Hello friend
Anybody?
At least I'm keeping this um
Uh-oh
They really are not gonna teleport me
Is anybody still alive?
Maybe they don't know I'm alive. I'll just start moving around
Anybody?
Thank you
I was coil headed
Be good
We killed
Ash as a mask person
Awesome
Can you get the mask after you kill him? That'd be nice
I don't think we could
Fancy still
Uh, what you want to call it?
Listen, hear me out. We closed the doors
What we
Oh shit. Oh shit. They don't know fancy
Oh they're running into fancy right now
What just happened?
They got coil headed
Are they a mask?
What the fuck just happened?
The little girl killed him
He's haunted
I say that like I know what the fuck that means
You're totally right
You're totally right
He's just like I'm haunted
And I
Let's just leave
Is there anybody left to teleport?
No, just mask dead people
Let's get out of here
I'm so sad
So sad for him
Turn the lights back on
That's so rough
Oh my god
That's why you went sideways like that?
Yeah, that's why I was moving sideways
Because I was trying
I was like oh shit he got me
I was like uh
I just see him move to the right
And then he just got blown away
I saw her right here
And I was like oh shit
And I jumped over this way
And then she got me here
And I went flying this way
Honestly I think if you stay on the computer
I don't think she can kill you
I put it off the computer
I don't know why that was
I just keep hitting the door
Open and close
Like I screamed I'm haunted
Oh so we have to get to
We have to get 500 here we're dead
That's all I knew as well
I just knew
It's a little girl
Yeah we have to get 500 here we're dead
That means that she's happy
And shut up I guess
If she touched
If she touches you you're dead
Did anyone who is dead see the showdown
We see
He died of cooties
Wait do you actually lose your head by that
The showdown
So it's just like real life
Yeah it's just like real life
If you see a girl that's that young
Following you and they touch you
You're pretty much dead
So I was staring at it
And all of a sudden I just get
Oh my
From a masked person yeah
Yeah not just any masked person
It was nooooo
What did you just say?
Oh my god
It's inverse teleporters
Halfed our profits
I'm pretty sure all the inverse teleporters
Activate the monsters really early
Do you think
I think it teleports you to a monster
Almost every time
The first time exterminator got locked into a room
Yeah
Watch out there's a mine right there
Dude watching goes way good
Don't let fancy know about that
About a turret that's trying to shoot me
No I found a mask
Oh I'm not gonna put it on
I've never actually dug it
Yeah it was worth it
Oh my god I didn't teleport it out
I suppose that door can turn right now
I'm gonna try to run this stuff out
Let's see there's a lamp in here
There's a hairdryer I'm just full
Where's the hairdryer?
Yeah let's try to get this stuff out
Watch out for the turret
Watch out
You alive?
Yeah
Oh she got it
Thank you
That's the shortest they've ever turned a turret on
They're getting more pro
I'm just gonna run this stuff down
Me too
Drop down here
Drop down here
Okay so you can drop right over there
That's the thing I'm gonna hear you say is drop down here
Drops up here
You can jump from here
Wow you can
It's very generous with the balding
Wow it really is
I don't actually know
All part of the job
Another bug
Have we hit quota yet?
Not quite
S rating
S plus hazard
We need another hundred for quota
We might need more than that
Well let's not die
You can drop down to this
And then just drop on to the lights
Going the other side
Oh shit
What killed them though
That's real close to the entrance
Is there a turret?
Oh a landmine
But there's not a landmine
Did they glitch?
Did they get killed by a glitched landmine?
Right back in the room
Coilhead
You guys got a coilhead on you?
Bring your fire eggs
There's a fish in the corner over here
A fish?
Yeah
Or are they running for the key?
Right on
Wait what are you guys freaking out from?
There's just a lot of turrets
There is a half in here by the way
A what?
There's a thumper
It's called a half
A half in here somewhere
So I've got a shovel
I'll die trying to kill it
I've got a large axle here
Okay I'll take it
Can you shot my turret?
No I'm fine
I'll take it
I think we made quota if we got all the shit back
The landmine has one use
It's really you can still scan it
It depends we don't know
But we should open it over there
Because it could be
It could be a two-hander
Oh yeah
What the hell
Oh
Alright we have hit quota
Can we just teleport Nathan
There's too much shit going around
You can teleport him bro
It's so important Nathan for the love of god
Please
Somebody
Nathan I said Nathan
Oh
Fancy right?
Yeah fancy
It didn't grab him
Are you sure it was a teleport
You did the teleport?
Yeah bro
You fucked that we can't get him
Fancy I'm so sorry
I could go in and try to save him
Looks like a coil head
I hope you're having a good one too referee
Enjoy the anime
Congrats to your partner
Oh he's leaving
Oh
I think we gotta wait for them to
Vote for us
It's what the fuck
They got a vote of sleep
Is that a little girl
You're haunted
No
Somebody vote for us to leave
Do that dog walk straight
I'm walking over the party
Pretty good
I mean let's be real
That's pretty good
Geez they're losing their shit
As long as a little girl can't get me up here
I'm good
She might be able to
There's a chance her head's about to explode
Whiskey Whiskey
Meet me up
Too young to die
Yeah they are dangerous conditions for sure
People up people up
Oh I forgot
Oh there's somebody dead
What
I totally forgot
Oh wow
Oh
What the
Look at him
We really tried to tell him
You'll hear me like stop
Moving and just start panting after I killed that thing
You were so bugged out
We're so rich again though
Do we have quota
Yeah by a lot
Perfect
I'm so sorry
Alright I think I could do one more round
And then I think I should call it
I need to lay down after that
That was fucking intense
Oh man
Guys you can kill a guy with a mask
Six four hits
Oh yeah bro
We be following up over here
We accidentally
We teleported Ash
As he was being killed
Touched down
As I'm at
That's too funny
The whoopee cushions
Having those in the ship is just a good idea
Did the whoopee cushions killed
They just kept going off
From the dogs and then the dogs would get pissed
From the whoopee cushions
So they were like
The cushions were making them mad
But they were making the whoopee cushions
Make noise
These flashlights won't turn off
Whatever
We have two now
Oh good
Are we telling anything else
We don't have to
That'll be it probably
There's still stuff waiting to be sold
We have a lot of keys
Yeah we should take some keys with us
That's a good idea
Honestly a haunted shadow
I could see them do it
Your own shadow is worth
Eight more than that one
It's got more
Of what that thing likes
More whoop
More coffee
Pretty rich
Anybody want this thing
I guess we want a boombox
Yeah
Just going crazy
Over the whoopee cushions
One would walk out
Another one would walk over the whoopee cushion
And then he'd run back
Sorry guys
Oh yeah
Stop
Yeah I heard that's good
You're going to be playing more L.C. with some friends
Who are tonight if anyone wants to join us
Ah
I would if I
Weren't
About to quit
Also if you're streaming let me know
I'm happy to send a
I got the other flashlights
Nobody said anything to me
I was buying my health
Yeah so you saw them and then you were like
Oh hey how do you
I'm trying to help
Oh no
Dude
Like
Tacking them and sending them off
With the stupid coil head
Dude that was so good to watch
I wish I could record it
I'm so upset that was so
That was really
It was so good
I thought I killed the sump from like a hundred times
Man
It takes like
And then it would attack me again
I was like wait a minute what
Yeah so I did actually even see one
That's what they say
On my screen I did see one
Aw that sucks
I hate those happening
It just do not die
You already got it
Dude
You got a gun
How the hell you
I was actually like
Okay is everybody on board
Because I forgot while fighting that thing
I got on board
And so I was just like
And then I heard it like
Oh my god
Does it break did it break
Dude it was really good
No you just have to charge it again
Final call all aboard
Alright we're taking off
What is that
I think there's still items
I think there's still items
What the hell is that
Oh there's not okay
I'm taking off
Fire ignition
Taking off
Oh yeah I forgot we had that
Taking off
Taking off
Taking off
Taking off
You got stuck at
Taking off your mom
Oh my god
All caps
Only 71
71 dollars
What does it look like to shoot it
Oh my god look at that quota
Yo we did good on that level
Yeah
Oh my god
Check it out we got a plushy pajama man
It's a stand for threat
That's wild
This is a stand for threat
This is a dead body file okay
Dead body files in the corner here
That was a worthwhile purchase
I gotta walkie if anybody wants to
I should go with somebody that has a shot
I hate somebody just now I apologize
Who wants to uh
I'll do it
I'll do it
I'm on walkie by the way
Who's got a shovel
I do
I'm coming with you
Let's find some monsters
I'm planning a last time
You and Chase don't even know
Y'all don't even know
Alright I'm going in the front door whatever
I'm so lost now though
Where did I come from
Is this back man
You can still die in the shit by the way
Holy shit there's a ton of stuff in here
I'm gonna drop my walkie
Dude there's so much stuff in here I gotta not die
I have to for once not die
Which is the way out
Shit I already lost track
Maybe I shouldn't have dropped the flashlight
Hey I'm on walkie what's the way out
Alright I'm gonna just drop this and take my flashlight
Hello?
I think I have to go spider way
Oh Stevie did you gift a sub and I missed it
I'm sorry if so
God damn it that room has so much stuff in it
Can I even get by this
The mask
Yes
Damn it
I think yeah case
I think case might have died to mask
No I don't know
I was the only one who was dead
Dude there was so much stuff in this one room
That was so close to the entrance
Dude we found so much
We found so much but um I got
I got haunted
Yeah
What the fuck
Leave leave leave leave
Oh I thought
I thought it was a mask
I thought it was a mask person
What
What
What
What
What
I just killed somebody
I'm just trying to figure out what happened
I got I saw the little girl
I think I really was alive
We should leave
We should leave we got 30% of this
There was a
I'm leaving goodbye
Alright everybody
Sucked so bad killed me
There was so much money there was like
There was like a full quote in one room
No no no I teleported oh did you
Oh yes
Whatever this is we were standing right here
And then he just
I just see him hit once
And then he tries to run and he just
Uh
That's great
There was so much money
There was like more souls
Okay I got killed by
By a haunted mask guy
But I did see the little girl first
And I'm trying to figure out like
What the hell happened because
Interesting
I've never experienced the little girl thing
What is that
So the little girl thing
The little girl thing
Yeah
So the little girl thing
Only one person sees the little girl
And then like once you're dead
She jumps to a distance
Okay
I was killed by a masked guy
But I was the first one who died
Yeah so
I think I killed
Somebody tried to kill you with a mask
Only one person
I need revenge for my death
I have to go road
I killed you
Oh my gosh
That was too funny
Bro I got a hit marker on the dog and I was like
Oh I can kill this thing
He got a hit marker on the guy behind me
He just
First whacked him
And his body was like
I was like
He's not even in his view
Oh great
Delights are up
Every time I come into this room I die
Maybe there's a lesson that I should have learned by this point
Oh shit
Alright so much stuff as usual
Okay this is not the person right
Okay cool
Alright what's the way out of here
It's this way right
Hello
The way out of here is this way right
Yeah it is
Yeah it's fine
I found
I did it
Cool
What is that
What's that weird banging
I think there's a monster
Somewhere
I think it's a nutcracker
I found a tragedy mask
Okay cool
Who just ran over there
There's a monster somewhere over there we don't know where it is
I think it's a nutcracker
I think it's a nutcracker
I heard some clicking and shit
Oh it's here
It sucks
There probably was a way to hide from that better
Oh I'm the only dead one
Guys I sacrifice myself for my friends
And then we go down this stairs
I did the
Oh fuck
Dammit just didn't I see
Where I was jumping
I died holding a tragedy mask that means I'm going to be walking around
I bet the nutcracker is in the
The main door
The main door
I hope they notice that shit behind them
Oh no they're not
Probably
And it won't let me
Oh they took the apparatus
Can we open the door
Tell it to me tell it to me
Why do you want me to tell it to me
Okay well exterminator is there
Dude you got it
Why aren't you talking to me
I am
Why didn't you tell me that that was
Me and not
An enemy
Because I couldn't see them honestly
Oh man
Dude he was right in front of me
He's like teleport me
Kendall
Yeah I mean
Oh there's a soft bug on the side
No he has shit just
The problem is we have to find it without being seen by it first
Damn
Giant
Oh sure now
Wow you can see so clearly
We can put that on the ship and leave
Not leave
Look at these giants
Oh wow
Yeah the nutcrackers are kind of scary
Because they kick you if you get too close
And they shoot you if you're any distance away
Okay
Oh he's going to try to sound it
These
Wow
We shouldn't bite that thing
No
I hit that thing like five times
You mean they're dead
And I tried my best to close that door
He shoots that thing hella fast
Yeah apparently the way to fight
Apparently the way you fight those
Is when they shoot twice they have to reload
And you can hit them while they reload
Oh
Only when they reload
Oh exterminator found my stuff
Oh my god there's so much shit
How many likes to take the kill
Dude Josue should really go get the stuff
That we dropped but he's not going to
Oh he's probably
Checking the value
Thermador looks safe for now
Yeah he is
Can't see
Four to five hits will bring it down
Ash
Yeah you were close
I think you got it
I think I need one more
Dude exterminator is still alive
I think it sounds sensitive
I'm in school
We just got to get it
Damn it there's a painting out there
We could be so rich
TL sharpshooter these are
I can't pick up this body
A mix
Oh there's a turret on
One of those railings
Oh he's just locked
Yeah
We both
Teleported in
Oh
How does he die?
He fell
It can only be killed when it's
Eye is exposed
What
That's what it says
Sorry everybody
And it is susceptible to the stun gun
Yeah the stun gun did something to it
Everybody died
Everybody died
Yeah we had so much body
I can't pick up this body can you
They're gone
I think we
Gave it a valiant effort Ash
I'm not disappointed
I'm not mad at it
I think I just need more practice with the stun gun
Matt have a great night
I'm gonna stop
Teleport
Unless we
Absolutely crush this next one
We might die
But that's also fun
Easy
Who's coming in for the rap battle
I got my flashlight
I got my radio
I gotta go find some trash
So I can go and sling it
That's pretty good
We might be out of walkies
Dude all of our desks
We could get more we have money still
I guess we don't need a walkie
I'm red
I can't
I can't
You're right next to the entrance
That was easy
Pickles
That area weighs empty just pickles
Sweet sweet pickles
Oh I just was in here
I literally just went there
What the fuck
What was that
Friends
Warriors of friendship
Alright I'm gonna try to take this stuff back
How did I come in
Oil head
On the fire exit
Damn I think we need more money though
I'm gonna go back in
I'm not really worried about it
We need 200 more
We need 100 more
We're close
We made quota
Exterminated died
I'm next
No that's my job
So there is a
There's a jack in the box
I don't know if it's gonna reset
Or what
Let's go towards the coil head first
Where's the fire exit
Okay one of us can lie
I can stare at it while you look around
Okay keep it right there
Oh there's a Brecken
I can't look at it
I got what I wanted out of there
I was about to get Brecken
Yeah well I wanted to get this key
Oh nice
Alright again critical
I take one hit I'm dead so
My Freddy Frasbear mod is working
Oh
Okay
I'll just stare at this thing until it starts winding
Oh I mean I guess it doesn't matter
When it starts winding we just have to leave
Oh alright
I found another key
What did that say? What did the transmission say?
Chihuahua there's a dog outside I'm guessing
Fuck I don't really know who we can do
They will come up here by the way
They will take the staircase to the right
Well I mean yeah we learned this the hard way
I can not die I clipped that
That was very hysterical
I could go back in and stare at the coil head
If you want to look around in there
The Brecken is just also
It's the Brecken I'm worried about
I feel like I covered most round over there
I wonder if this thing will reset
That's what I'm wondering
Should we try?
Oh there it is
It's coming back
I guess
I'm following you
Yeah
I don't know it'll probably start winding up soon
Yeah
I think we make quota
If we have a shovel can we kill it
No you can't kill that one
You can't kill it
I think we did make quota though we could just leave
Well I think we have to try the fire escape then
And just see
Okay I think we'll have to jump across
Yeah I'm gonna have to just stare at the coil head
Oh it moved
Oh there it is
I'm staring at him
I wonder if I can get Brecken
Probably
Also can I even exit
Okay
End of Brecken
I believe he's dead
Nathan? Oh okay
That's how you leave
I escaped
It's a dog can
Okay should we leave
Yeah we should probably leave
We hit quota we're good
Get in the fucking vehicle
I think we have to sell our mugs though
Which I'm sad about
Yeah fuck you dog
You son of a bitch
You ain't shit
I wanted to test if I could kill the dog
With the ladder
It's a worthwhile tough
I couldn't figure out how to like
Get it to stand still
The dog?
You got me from the noise from the ladder
Nathan how did you die
Just to the second coil head
Second coil head
I found a mug and a robot
And I picked it up and I was like
Ah shit I was trying to get back
And I think I was right by the door
I was very close
Teleporting you but you died
We're gonna make it guys don't worry
Those things are quick
Yeah we have 200 more than quota
But we have to sell some of the mugs
Which makes me realize
Not the mugs
Because there's no coffee after this
Oh we probably have to sell the
Whoopie cushions too
Nooo
Damn we went through all those flesh
Those are my dog summoning devices
Can't sell them
I think if you charge the electric stuff
You get more stuff though
Yeah
I think we got a real landing
Oh watch out
We got pissed
I think we only rang it once
No one died
I think
Oh the robot can anger it
That's funny
Okay so apparently
A radar booster
Will stun
The jack in the box
And if all alive players leave
It goes back into the
State goes back into the box
So it does reset
When everybody leaves
It seems like it only gives you about 15 seconds
We can sell the clipboard
I think we should be fine
Am I selling this mug?
I don't think you have to
I don't think you need to
Kendall how are you feeling
You want to play another round or are you good?
I don't know
Best that anyone take you down the hatch yet?
Yeah
I found the hatch on my own
Nice
Kendall I'm leaving it up to you
It was breathtaking
To say the least
breathtaking
They think they're going to add an update in there
So we can put two little light guys
I forgot the light guys are called
It's like a secret
Kendall you want to be done or you want to play more?
I don't know
I don't know either
I think I'm going to be calling it a night
Let's call it then
Alright
Everybody
Good game
Good work everybody
Good work
See you next shift
Oh yes
No change
I think we have to make
$1,600
Oh shit we can afford a jetpack
I'm going to get it
I want to try the jetpack
Jetpack is on the way
We got the same for so long
We got all the little
accoutrements
Our ship is fully operated
I didn't get the hazards
Okay Kendall it's very easy to kill yourself with this
Just so you know
But there it is
You have to hold it for a second
How do you control it
It's really hard to
It's like very chaotic
Good night
Uh oh
You can recharge this too
I don't think so
You have to charge it
But that's ready
It's halfway charged right now
Uh oh
I thought you were dead for sure
Uh oh
Oh no
Nice
Wow
Did that hurt you
Oh my gosh
This is completely useless I can't imagine where
You can use it to get to and from
Certain places really fast but you usually take damage
I suppose if you're like trying to get to
Oh my god
Oh no
Uh oh
I should spend all our money
Alright my turn to die
Oh it's broken
It's straight up broken
Does it really not work now
Here somebody else try
Somebody else try it
It's like exploded
Wow
That's incredible
Well maybe it'll repair itself if I save
I'm leaving it in the ship
I don't know
Alright we did it
Let's take off
I don't think so
Goodbye
Sick we did it
And we're still rich
I can't believe I blew up
You blew up so hard
I wonder if it's just dead for that
If it's dead
Sounds like it's broken permanently
Beautiful
Out of curiosity should I land and see if it does anything
If you land you want to save
Do you want to save that you spent money on this
Yeah
Well it's safe just to see if we win the air
Alright just out of curiosity let's see
Yeah it looks like it blew
It's like burnt out or something
We're done saying
Yeah I just want to test the jetpack
and see if it's fully dead
It's dead
The jetpack it seems to be
Cool it
Alright guys good stuff
This is our commemorative jetpack
See you later
Yeah it does blow up
Alright thanks for playing everybody
Goodbye
Happy Boxing Day
Absolutely
We freaking did it y'all
That's how you company
Woo
We're back in the haunted spaceship of pain
See if anybody's on
If anybody's doing those post-holidays
Streams
In case I missed anybody though
Uh hype train wow
Skymer thank you for the bits
I don't know if you're still watching
I'm very bad at keeping track of chat while I'm playing games
Unfortunately Pete Grendel thank you for the bits
I'm very Christ sort of you
Propaganda
The LC games are still going strong post-holiday
Yeah I mean
I keep saying I'm going to be sick of it soon
And then I'm just not
I don't know the lethal company is currently
My go to
Alright who's on
Dane Cook Daddy Radz is on
Oh he was probably streaming while I was playing
How come only Victoria
Nope that's another boob streamer
No offense but
Let's see who else is on
Anybody has a friend that's on
Let me know
Just scanning about
Just chatting categories
Crazy
I mean you should really only stream
If it sounds
Remotely appealing
Don't force yourself
AI Santa I gotta rate it AI Santa
Somebody just ripping off kai sanat
That's exciting
I'll see who else is streaming
With the company whatever
I'll send you to some more company
Who looks who's not
I'm discriminating
Against VTubers
Right now
But I like to raid a good old fleshy
Human
What's a woe deer butt up to
This is a white guy in a beard
With a beard it'll be like you're watching the same person
Take a shit
I got two shovels
Good luck pooping I guess
This guy's wishing everybody good luck pooping
Now that's the kind of guy you want to raid
Gotta help a little guy
I don't know who this is
Hopefully they don't say anything
I always forget
Can't do it in my restream chat
Stream chat
I gotta go to my own chat
The raid has been created
Late night lethal raid
This place is less late in the night
But it's still pretty late
Guys happy holidays good to be
Back
Play in this game
I'll probably be streaming news
Either tomorrow or
Thursday
Gotta see how things are going
Hope you're all having a good holiday
Maybe getting a little time off
Come on people
Give the American worker days off
Please
What's the sinister dev if you want to play more
A lethal company
I've hit my max
I was fucking putting up 500 kgs
For reps
A lethal company
Alright anyway I don't know who this guy is
We're raiding hopefully he's nice
Also do you go to bed get some sleep
Do whatever you gotta do
We'll talk to you all soon bye bye everybody