I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3.
Oh my gosh you guys.
Who lives in Boston and if you do why is your air so dry?
Why is the air so dry in Boston?
That's it.
Guys if you don't know then she has no use for you.
My guess is this combination of the ocean and the east coast temperatures.
I don't know.
You look that dry.
I don't know.
New York can be kind of dry right?
No.
Is New York wet?
Well it's dry in the winter but it's winter.
Well it's getting out of winter right now so the weather's confused.
Oh my god the weather is so confusing.
It doesn't know if it wants to be dry or not.
It was so confusing.
The discarded tea bags from the Boston Tea Party.
I made a joke that we should throw tea in the harbor and they all went.
I think you'd be the only one.
The current weather is the explanation.
What?
Okay.
It was okay.
And colds depending on the time of day but it would fluctuate like every hour.
They can't hear you that well though.
Yes they can.
You don't know what your own stream sounds like.
I do.
It's just low.
You're not...
Oh I can hear it.
And they can hear it.
Okay.
That's what she said.
We can totally hear.
See?
I just like her to be on camera so I try.
I'm just trying to force you into the frame.
It's like I'm too feed away.
I know they can hear you.
I just want you to stand or they can see you.
Oh no.
No.
Oh she's ugly.
That's the reason why.
I disagree.
Obviously.
Okay so let Papito manage the studio.
Okay bye.
Yeah probably.
Probably that's what I should do.
Bye Kendall's leaving because her song is over.
I made it the right length it turns out.
Oh we killed the hype.
Oops.
The candle killed the hype.
I don't think it's actually her fault but I do like to blame her.
That's nice Papito.
That's not really nice.
I know.
Anyway thank you microphone 900.
That was two days ago.
Thank you anyway.
And editing thank you also for two days ago.
I'm going to catch up to today eventually.
Apple DApple thank you for the 18 months.
I'm not on account but I'm assuming that's a lot.
Danksauce it's 30 months.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Apple DApple thank you for the 100 bits.
And thank you to all of you for ensuring the hype train's inevitable death.
Happened early today.
Bell and bell 29 months.
The noise I make in 29 months is.
Remember these noises case because I won't.
You don't have to make a noise specific to the amount of months but 30 was blah blah
blah blah and 29 was.
No.
Give me the brand name for the 25 months.
25 months I make this noise.
That one's kind of scary.
No that's my friendliest noise.
Um.
Who told you he's a dog.
He did.
I did never do that.
I am a dog but you're lucky that you guessed that.
You tell me it every time but Peter.
Doesn't sound like me.
Are you are you.
You kind of jumpy again.
Hmm.
No I'm smooth and fluid.
Uh.
Google Goblin I have no idea what you're talking about.
I think you're on your own mental track there.
Um.
But you're welcome to stay on it.
Uh.
What are we doing today.
What did I say we would do.
Isn't the news the thing that you do.
Maybe.
I guess we'll start with news.
It's also good to see everybody.
Papito can you welcome everyone.
I feel like I already did.
Talk from YouTube.
I saw this TV channel when I was walking on the treadmill at Planet Fitness.
Oh good we finally inked that Planet Fitness deal.
Yeah I was busy doing some producing and I inked a deal with Planet Fitness for us to appear on their TVs.
I should really break into a Planet Fitness and make sure all the T-Fees have YouTube
and then or Twitch and throw me on there.
Number one Planet Fitness stream.
Maybe I could really confuse them and sign a proprietary deal with Planet Fitness.
I already did that's why it was on there.
Okay so it's taken care of.
Totally taken care of.
Anyway good to see everybody I can't read names so just know I'm vibing this out
from the universe.
That in fact Lady Citrix and a daddy bull of our trash apple dabble gibble gobble goblin.
Giggle goblin.
Live in Sleazy the Master Mod.
In Easter Smith.
Talk from YouTube.
MSG.
Others are here.
Commander Gett great to see you.
Gibble goblin.
Gibble goblin.
I can't blame Papito for his pronunciation of anything cause he's a dog.
That's true.
Don't say I'm not.
Okay.
And the rest.
There's more I can't scroll that far cause of my little pause.
Hey when do I get my own late night showcase?
It's I'm working on it.
There's assets.
I've actually made assets.
Here I can show you one it'll immediately shut off all the audio but that's fine.
Just so you don't think I'm a liar Papito.
It's just there's a lot of work left to do.
And I don't know when I'll have time to finish it ever.
Have I even put anything on here?
Yeah look at this.
So that'll happen eventually.
It'll be a thing.
What confusing set.
Yeah but you know we'll get there.
Um there is a catch.
There's a lot of I have to make so many angles of that bizarre set.
Not too bad.
Yes it's all gonna look pretty janky.
What? No make it look perfect.
Show assets.
We'll save some assets for later.
Cause I think I only have one on here and it's already it's currently in a pretty janky state.
Hmm.
Okay um who will be your Andy Richter?
I think Andy Richter.
No we can't get Andy Richter.
It's just gonna have to be me.
What?
Oh.
You?
I only have access to so many people we'll say.
Hmm.
There's a papal conclave segment idea.
What are they doing with the conclave?
Um let's look it up.
Whatever the idea is.
Maybe I need to do a papal conclave stream.
I have a couple other stream girls I've been quite delayed on pulling off.
Hmm.
Oh my gosh I'm so bad at reading.
Really truly unfit to do the news.
Uh papal conclave bit.
Use a jumbolite setup but each seed is occupied by a potential pope.
Uh chat votes for each round eliminating one each round.
Until we're done.
Basically.
And neither the chat could possibly nominate potential popes throughout the stream.
It's not too hard to set up other than I have to find...
No I guess we could do that.
This doesn't sound...
This is like take a little bit of setup and not too much.
When is the pope vote?
When is the pope vote?
May 7th?
Oh shit I'd have to get it set up by the 7th.
I mean it's not that much work.
I should hopefully have time.
Don't make any crazy promises.
Speaking of crazy promises.
I gotta buy a yellow tie.
I'm gonna do that right now but I can't show you me buying it.
I'll show you a picture of whichever yellow tie we pick.
Cause we did smash through the yellow tie rebellion.
Chat goal.
Um...
Does this have my address on it?
No it doesn't so I can show you guys.
Right?
I'm not doxing myself like always.
Oop.
That's for later I guess.
Look at all these yellow ties.
Should I go real yellow?
Little bit yellow kinda gold?
Doxed already?
Damn it how did I dox myself already?
Oh I definitely doxed the president there in his hair.
Piss yellow.
Hmm.
Depends how much water you've had.
Do you like yellow smiley faces?
Very yellow. These feel like they're pretty yellow to me.
Okay let me look up smiley face tie.
That picture keeps jump scaring me.
Uh smiley face tie.
Maybe we go with that.
Cause that is yellow.
Ish.
Ooh okay here's some options.
These are pretty strong.
Look at this guy.
Eh.
This one's more orange.
These are dox.
I'm not interested in dox.
You know?
Oh I get it. I hate dox.
I see what I'm at. All my instincts.
Are the red dick pieces?
Oh jeez I don't feel like I don't hate dox that much.
I guess I kinda love them in a sense because I want them.
Inside my mouth.
Hmm. Get a nirvana tie.
Okay that's another thing I can look up.
All these ties are pretty cheap.
How long will they take to get here though?
Nirvana tie.
What?
It didn't pull up nirvana ties at all
but look at this one.
Ties for women novelty fish
fashion neck tie for girls.
A B movie tie.
That's very tempting.
Nirvana apparently doesn't rock ties.
I mean look at this fish tie.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I mean look at this fish tie.
I gotta click on it before I can show you the page
because this one might be blasting out my address.
Sometimes these shopping sites
love to just throw your address
in big font on the screen.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Okay.
Let's see.
Let's see.
It's kinda small.
It's not yellow at all.
But it is a straight up fish.
Amazon is a little bit of a minefield
to navigate on a live stream.
Should we abandon it being a yellow tie?
There's yellow squiggles at the top
and there's yellow around the fish's eye.
I'd say most importantly though
it is a fish tie.
The actual fish is pretty strong.
Does it come in other colors for instance
yellow?
Okay.
Just to really do our due diligence here
on this important sub goal.
Fish tie.
How many fish ties are there?
What the fuck.
There's not that many options
but they are all pretty horrifying.
Like these are both pretty scary.
This is the overall pick courtesy of Amazon.
Does it come in other fish?
Seemingly unfortunately.
No.
It's generic.
Let's go to their company Amazon page
if that's a thing.
That's gotta be a thing right?
Generic.
What else do you have?
What other tie options
are there from you?
Nothing?
Oh brand generic.
It's right at the top.
Hmm.
You know what maybe that's their only tie.
The rest of this
I get this Allison shirt.
Who's Allison?
Oh it's a personalized shirt.
Oh my god.
I could make a Kendall shirt pretty easily.
That's just a gift idea for me.
Oh good I can get a Trump 2028 hat.
I knew this was a high quality brand.
Look at this hat.
Sub goal Kendall shirt.
I was gonna do the Pope gold.
I was gonna do the Pope gold.
I was gonna do the Pope gold.
I was gonna do the Pope gold.
I was gonna do the Pope gold.
Okay I'm just gonna go with the fish tie.
It's not a yellow tie.
But it was a yellow tie rebellion.
So maybe the rebellion was secretly against the yellow tie all along.
And
it was really, it was a rebellion started by fish
against yellow ties.
It's too late I've already, I've already,
I've already bought it.
Speaking of
I don't know if I actually bought it.
I don't know if I actually bought it.
I don't know if I actually bought it.
I don't know if I actually bought the Hamtaro.
What is it? Kika Hamtaro onesie?
It had a more exciting name than that.
What was it? Hamtaro
Kika.
It starts with a K. Does anybody remember?
Kagurumi?
Kigurumi. Hamtaro Kigurumi.
I should probably do this not on stream but um
instead let's just do it on stream so I don't forget.
Oh it's through a different website.
It's not through Amazon?
I'm gonna actually, I will do it later.
Komono? Oh my gosh maybe I should do a Hamtaro Kumono.
How much is it though if such a thing exists?
Kingaroo Kegel?
I don't see any Hamtaro Komonos for sale online.
Which I do find surprising.
And more than a little disappointing.
But fine we'll go with the
was I right about Kigurumi?
Was the right word.
Okay and now we finally update our sub goal.
Which is the reason I bought the yellow tie.
I also still have to do a workout stream.
I need to
figure out how to
I guess I can just stream off a laptop back there.
It's just okay so that should be easy.
But I also need to figure out something to do that isn't you guys just watching me like
do really low weight squats.
I just don't think that'll be that fun.
I guess if I combine it with enough hot dogs
then at least it becomes disgusting.
Maybe entertainment was never the goal.
We want a beefcake stream.
So I just got to wear some real short shorts.
Show off the thighs.
I have not really I just started working out again after years of barely working out.
Or just very stop and start working out.
But I've been actually semi-consistent for like the last two weeks.
So if I can stay on that train.
Maybe I can do one stream where I show you how horribly weak I am.
Then in a year I do a stream and show you how I've become a powerful daddy.
A powerful childless daddy.
Okay let's update this thing.
I got to put up those Hassan numbers.
I have to become
there was some New York Times article about him that was like
the body of a
man
scaper.
In the with the brain of a liberal.
It was like the dumbest.
It was like the dumbest headline I've seen.
I mean it wasn't a headline but it was in the story.
I don't know.
Loob Chef Squad stream.
My neighbors might complain.
Okay. Pope election stream.
What is it? Pope conclave.
Okay. Papal conclave.
I'll call it a papal binclave.
We'll have to elect our own proprietary pope I guess.
So you know where this drink is coming from.
I gotta play this song.
Blue up a little bit.
Truly incomprehensible lyrics on that one.
Okay papal binclave.
Boom. Let's finally get this stream going.
I'm all warmed up.
I've gotta be warmed up at this point.
I've been streaming for ten twenty minutes.
It'll be Papito.
Well Papito you are you down to be one of the options for the pope.
I mean I'll win for sure.
I'm not bragging.
I'm just that good.
At being pope.
Whatever it is.
Is it a religion?
Connected to the fundamental ways of the universe.
Maybe I'm 100% instinct.
I'm always in line with God.
Okay.
Hmm. Well so you're down to be the pope.
I don't know what that is.
But I want it.
Okay so you will run.
I will take it.
Okay Papito's on the list of potential pope options.
Assuming we make it to this sub goal by the seventh.
Which is Wednesday right?
How am I so bad at adding days to a Friday?
I don't know but I am.
But I'm assuming that's Wednesday.
But I also have a very bad brain.
So I guess I'll actually check.
I'll check a calendar.
It starts on Wednesday.
Oh yeah how long is it?
How long is the papal conclave?
What if they just do it in ten minutes?
Because it could just be a one day event right?
As soon as we see the white smoke.
They're still in mourning.
Papal conclave length.
In centuries past it took years.
Ooh here's an article.
Uh okay well let's throw it to the news
and we'll have one of our highly qualified correspondents
break this down and cover some other things as well.
It's news time.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Alright. I feel like I can just get up.
Oh yes it is.
In fact, did you feel the ripples?
Brushing up against your hairy legs
as you stand in a pond.
Well those are different.
I'm a guy named Jeff Ripple. Hello.
Hi Kace.
I'm thinking of the intro and outro.
It's my brand case.
It's important to brand yourself
and the simplest way is to say your name a bunch.
Ask any pop star.
Especially K-pop stars.
It's Jenny. Jenny. Jenny. Jenny. It's Jenny.
It's Lisa. Lisa. Lisa. Lisa. It's Lisa.
You're a K-pop fan?
Well I just atmospherically absorb it through Kendall.
Okay that does make sense actually.
Um chef Sawyer
of roller coaster, a tycoon.
Oh Chris Sawyer. Why did I read that as chef?
I don't know.
You have some form of dyslexia apparently
that's growing the more you stream.
Sometimes it does feel that way when I'm reading.
Like how am I getting worse at reading
by doing it more in front of people?
It's the curse of the news.
They have to delay the papal election
long enough to implement it
into Fortnite.
That is a smart choice.
Because if you want the kids to be excited about the new pope
make it Sabrina Carpenter.
Is she still popular?
I'm assuming.
Make it who's even newer.
Tate McCray.
Um.
Well you know so many.
You're such a pop head I never knew it.
Listen I'm a news man.
I have to know I have to be up on all the modern pop culture
in case it, in case you know Sabrina Carpenter
accidentally like you know gets involved
in international politics.
Could happen at any moment.
Because you never know who's going to Dubai
and could be compromised and become a murder agent.
When has that ever happened?
I'm just bracing myself for the eventualities
of every pop star.
You voted for Jelly Roll.
Can Jelly Roll be one of the options for the papal conclave?
Well technically
they could elect anybody right?
Like if the smoke came out
some old ass Cardinal
comes wandering out of the Vatican
and is like look
we thought about it Jelly Roll.
Everyone would lose their shit.
Have you seen his new video
with Snoop Dogg?
Um.
No moons, no sky, oops.
That was from the last stream
and I fucked it up. I put us at negative one.
Now I have to do this just to fix it.
Okay there we go. Hopefully that fixes it.
How is breaking that thing?
A lady pope?
I don't think that's legal.
Ladies can't, if they enter the Vatican
their skin starts steaming
like vampires.
That's definitely not true Jeff.
But that's what we tell them.
So that they don't notice that we've never had a lady pope.
We've also never had like, you know, female president.
A lot of pretty rampant and accepted sexism
all over the world still.
Yeah.
You're not allowed to smile at that.
No sorry I just was agreeing.
Yeah.
What's the deal with the papal conclave?
Alright.
We'll start with that please.
Yays.
Lady pope for president.
Whoever was in Lady Bird.
Make them pope.
I don't know. I don't actually even.
That's Crumb's thing.
Crumb can care about the pope.
He's Catholic or something right?
Oh wait no he's not. He's just Christian.
The boring version of Catholic.
Can't they all just be Catholic?
Isn't it more fun if we all worship a pope
instead of just hypothetical Jesus?
Uh.
Based on my understanding of religion
probably what you're saying is pretty offensive Jeff.
I don't know. I'm guessing.
I'm a man of news.
My only god is the prompter.
And if it tells me to believe in Jesus I'll do it.
But right now it's not.
It's just telling me news.
Okay.
Papal conclave elect popes in centuries past.
It took years.
But right now I need a pope picture.
I'm gonna Google scary pope.
Just to catch people off guard.
Holy shit it's easy to find
scary pictures of popes.
Like this one.
Oh come on open up.
Like.
Damn it it won't open up.
No I can't show you this scary pope.
How about this one.
How about this one.
Okay well this isn't the pope.
But uh this is where they elect the popes.
That is a real.
This is a real uh statue inside
some of the popes.
This is a real uh statue inside
some church.
I believe in Italy.
So that is pretty wild.
But I don't know I don't think that's where they elect the popes Jeff.
Well.
It exists though and it's religious.
And it's striking looking.
So I'm just gonna leave it there.
As I explained to you.
That papal conclaves elect popes.
But in centuries past.
It took years.
The papal conclave of a gathering of 130 Roman Catholic Cardinals.
And the pope's uh successor on May 7th.
Starting May 7th to be clear.
No matter whom they choose.
Be it Jelly Roll or some
Filipino guy.
Maybe my son's in the running.
I don't think your son
is Catholic.
I can make him Catholic real quick.
Anyway.
Over the centuries papal conclaves like popes themselves
have been a mix of religion, politics and power.
The choice will signal
how the Catholic Church with its
how many do you think case?
A couple hundred thousand?
Incorrect by a huge margin.
1.4 billion adherents
will conduct itself in the coming years.
A couple hundred thousand.
Are you out of your mind?
I could see the prompt right.
I just didn't want to always guess right.
You're lying to me.
I could continue the progressive legacy of Francis
the current the new pope whoever it is
who died on April 21st after
touching the hand of case.
The hand of JD Vance.
We are saying the same thing.
As in the past the Cardinals will be sequestered
in the 16 Chapel
while they look up and they're like
this is so pretty it has inspired me
to elect an artist a.k.a. Jelly Roll.
JD case for Vice Pope?
Ooh, is there a Vice Pope?
Can we elect a Vice Pope?
We don't need more JD Vances
on the national stage.
We've already got one to two too many.
We don't need more JD Vances
with one to two too many.
How long have they lasted?
Well, in the past they've taken three years.
They used to meet at
the Turbo Italy
68 miles from Rome to vote on a successor
but now they do it a little closer to Home.
They've taken anywhere from one to three years
is the point of this article.
There's examples but just take my word for it.
I'm condensing the news for you
so that I don't have to read you
a bunch of Pope names
like Pope Gregory X.
I didn't know that site was around then. 10.
10 when?
I'm not doing this with you. The X is a Roman numeral for 10.
I know it's a Roman...
Pope...
in Rome.
Say another thing so that I cannot understand you.
No.
Disappointing.
I could have done that for minutes.
I know.
Alright.
That's what the deal with the Pope is.
Look at this chart! Holy hell, there's a Pope chart in here.
There's a serious Pope chart going on in here.
Look at this.
This is number of days for papal conclaves to choose Pope
between 1404 and 2013.
Eight days for the 204th Pope in 1404.
They were already up to 204?
In 1404 there are not even 204 Popes.
They really burned through Popes back in the day.
My God!
I mean, I don't know when Popes started.
But...
you know, medieval times, like after the fall of Rome,
I guess they could have already been around for a thousand...
close to a thousand years.
This is a Pope Timelist.
And not a Timeless Pope List.
A Time of Popes List.
These are the contenders for Pope 2025.
Okay, we'll check in with this after you break down this chart.
Jeff, could you explain what we're looking at and all?
Look, it's the amount of time it took to Pope.
Starting in 1404, running all the way to 2013,
they just were getting so goddamn lazy around the 237th Pope.
Alexander the 7th.
That's how Roman numerals work.
I'm gonna say yes.
And but they really lost their shit.
For Benedict, WrestleMania 24.
Super Bowl 24?
Super Pope 24.
And honestly, ever since Pope 255, we've been on cruise control.
Just rushing through the Pope process.
Banging them out in a couple of days.
So in the last couple years, well, last couple...
last 10 Popes, which could be hundreds of years, I guess,
it's only taken a couple days.
So realistically, to the point of us doing our own Pope vote,
we have to tell about Thursday or Friday,
depending on how speedy they are.
But just know the shortest it's ever taken to elect a Pope
was tiny little baby Julius II.
And it only took one day.
So there's a chance on Wednesday, they just bang this thing out.
Now, let's see what our current Pope list looks like.
I believe this is for Conclave 2025.
My God, there's a video?
Let's look at whatever this is, hopefully.
It doesn't contain any nude Popes.
Or we could be gone.
We could be banned for a whole week.
Lewis Antonio.
I think these are the real Pope options.
But AIF5.
Oh, Mario.
Oh, Lazarus U.
I couldn't read that one.
It was too fast.
And there's our Borellius.
It's a baller.
Is that a real one?
Any of these real?
I have no idea.
For Harlan, these are all
real. Even Pizza Guy?
What was the Pizza Guy's name?
That sounds like we're making fun of Italians if we elect him.
Pierre Batista Pizza Bala?
They're allowed to name Italians Pizza Bala?
That's not just an offensive basketball anime that I pitched.
Back in 2003.
Um.
Shit.
Who's that walking over here?
Who's that Kendall fuck-less?
Kendall has a tummy ache in this.
Yo, let me tell you about a girl with candle.
Got a vibe so wild, makes me sweet.
Did you eat your ramen?
Okay, just gotta let the ramen settle in.
I don't know why it would be this.
I'll see if I get a tummy ache.
It's a lot of sugar though.
Tastes pretty sugary.
What?
It could be?
It's an olipop combining classic soda with prebiotics.
It's just the prebiotics doing their thing, Kendall.
She disagrees.
Okay, well.
Uh.
A bit of Chris Sawyer doing gameplay is posted on the Discord.
Pizza Bala, he's famous.
I believe it.
You mean it was already taken in 2003?
Because the anime was gonna be great.
It's about an Italian, a Japanese Italian,
in, confusingly, Detroit.
Uh, alright.
I don't have time for this.
You do have to.
I, I'm not making time for this.
I'll, let me rephrase.
Well, are we gonna talk about any goddamn breaking news,
you son of a bitch?
Uh, well, I don't know if it's breaking news, exactly, but,
yeah, I mean, I figured we'd talk about this
Trump budget proposal, because it's just,
it's just so fun.
You gotta hype it up more if you're gonna talk about boring shit, like,
Trump budget proposals.
Is that Trump?
No, that's not Trump.
That's Trump.
There we go.
Trump opposes 163 billion cut to US budget that slashes domestic spending.
Well, that's good.
Maybe we're spending too much domestically.
Um, probably not, in my opinion.
That's case's opinion.
So it's probably wrong.
Uh, US President Donald Trump looks on after disembarking.
That's a picture.
I'm looking, I'm reading a picture now.
Stop reading the pictures.
Is it impressive that I'm reading a picture?
Comrade Trump, oh, that's quite a look in this picture.
His head is elevated.
He's raised his brain to its highest point in order to access even more powerful mental wavelengths.
US President Donald Trump's administration on Friday proposed a 163 billion cut to the federal
budget that would sharply reduce spending on education.
Who needs it?
Housing.
Who needs it?
And medical research.
You won't need that when you're not educated and you're homeless.
Sounds, all that sounds pretty bad.
Well, look, it's only 163 billion.
But we're trillions in debt.
This won't make a dent.
Then why is he doing it?
I don't know.
I'm sure if I keep reading, it'll make sense.
While increasing outlays for defense and border security.
So it's, it's slashing some and raising others.
The administration said the proposed budget would raise homeland security spending by nearly
a little bit, we'll call it 65 percent, nearly doubling it.
But don't worry, we're using all the school money.
So at the end of the day, we're saving money and saving country by not letting anyone into it.
Like just literal space.
We're saving country space.
I doubt that, Jeff.
Trump looking like future Biff in that picture.
No, he's not like Biff, right?
I think back to the future too feels very Trumpian.
Which part?
The Biff part.
Okay, maybe a little.
The Reuters tariff watched.
Stop reading the ads.
Oh, okay.
As Trump, the administration said the proposed budget would raise homeland security by 65 percent.
Yes, indeed.
Non-defense discretionary expending, which excludes the massive social security and
Medicare programs and rising internet payments on the national debt,
would be cut by 23 percent to the lowest level since 2017.
Interesting.
Who was president in 2017?
Are you actually asking?
I did forget.
How?
I don't know.
There's a lot of presidents.
Not in our lifetime.
It was Trump.
Oh, you know, I can't be expected to remember everything from the last 10 years.
The proposal would cleave more than two billion from the tax collecting internal revenue service
and would slice the budgets of the National Institute of Health
and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention by more than 40 percent.
Trump's first budget since reclaiming office seeks to make good on his promise to boost
spending on border security while slashing federal bureaucracy.
Congressional Democrats blasted domestic spending cuts as too severe,
and some Republicans called for boosting spending on defense and other areas.
They're mad that we're not spending enough on defense after we're cutting
the CDC, all education, any housing projects that still remain on a national level.
They're mostly mad that we didn't leave a little bit more, just a little bit more for defense.
It's all border defense now.
What about the borders of other countries that we want to do whatever we want with?
We need money for that.
So it's a mixed bag.
Everyone's thrilled that we're not spending money on kids anymore or diseases.
But we're a little mad that we're not spending even more on bombing other countries
is my takeaway from the article.
I'm just reporting the facts here.
Vaught, Russ Vaught, who's not a the Boys Corporation, it's a guy.
He's the OMB director.
He said in a statement, well, at the Heritage Foundation,
oh, that sounds nice.
I love heritage.
Everybody's got heritage.
I don't think you necessarily love the Heritage Foundation.
Why? It's got such a lovely name.
Anyway, while Vaught, again, not a super evil corporation from a fantasy world,
but a real guy, was an architect of Project 2025, what did he say?
At this critical moment, we need a historic budget, one that ends the funding of our decline,
puts America first and delivers unprecedented support to our military and homeland security.
And then Republicans heard him say that and said it's not unprecedented enough,
even more money for the military.
He crafted Project 2025.
What's he going to do in a year?
Just push it up a year.
Project 2026.
This man's a visionary.
Real-life supervising villains, henchmen, Russell Vaught.
Is that how you say it?
Vaught, Voot, Vaught.
I think it's the last one.
Vaught.
Yeah, that sounds right.
Okay.
The so-called skinny budget is an outline of administration priorities that will give
Republican appropriators in Congress a blueprint to begin crafting spending bills.
Well, is this where the magic is?
Yes.
We're talking about the magic of Trump budgets.
That makes it feel a little less magical.
Only a little though, right?
Has he always looked like, looked odd?
He's always looked odd while I've been alive.
Trump that is?
Yes, Lady Citrix.
He's pretty much always looked like this.
Although, you know, if you pull the skin back, then you reveal the reptilian underneath.
He's actually way more handsome as a lizard person.
What?
Sorry, I forgot that I'm not supposed to talk about that.
Jeff Soft spreading conspiracies.
Yeah, conspiracies.
State education hit the budget calls for 50 billion cut at the State Department as it
absorbs the US Agency of Internal Development, which was also slashed.
Their proposal calls for a 2.49 billion cut to the IRS,
which one White House budget official said would end former President Joe Biden's
weaponization of IRS enforcement.
Because, you know, he was taxing companies.
And we can't have that if we want our companies to.
We'll call it grow.
I mean, I've always heard it said that for every dollar you spend on the IRS, you get like
25 cents back or something.
Like it's by making the IRS more efficient, you end up saving tons of money.
I'm sure there's a limit to that.
You probably don't want to like give the IRS like an extra $2 trillion or something.
But the classic wisdom is that cutting it is very irresponsible and will
just, you know, lead to huge issues with collecting taxes and efficiently processing taxes.
No, we have, don't worry, you're not understanding.
There's chatbots now, case.
You can just have chat GPT do tax.
I'm not sure that that's true.
What special knowledge would you have here, case?
What do you work for an accounting YouTuber or something?
That actually doesn't give me any special knowledge given what I do for a certain
accounting YouTuber.
So fair point, actually.
I think it's $1 for every six.
So yeah, you get like money, the idea is you get money back if you put it into the IRS.
Well, I keep giving them money and I haven't seen any of it back because
I did commit some light tax fraud for about a decade.
So they mostly took a lot of money and my wife was not happy.
The point is to cut income tax out replaced by tariffs.
Yeah, so it's just more tax.
I, well, this doesn't include anything about cutting income taxes, though, this budget proposal.
I granted the giant tax cut that he's been promising, I guess, is
something that's on the horizon.
I am not holding my breath for any of us good old Americans
feeling a substantial reduction in income taxes.
We'll see, though, I bet certain people will see their taxes heavily reduced.
If I had to guess which people they are, who are they in the room with us now?
What class of people would see their taxes go down?
So I don't know how much you were in, Jeff.
You start a lot.
Now I work for you.
Again, I owed a lot of money to the IRS.
Okay.
Cassim.
Yeah, I'm sure Cassim will see his taxes go down.
Yeah, the Cassim class.
The whole idea in project 2025 is to go back to the late 1800s model.
No IRS, all tariffs, and certain other 1800s policies.
Some really classic ones, which ones, Jeff?
We'll just call them the really classic ones.
Some people would love to bring those back.
Some ones we haven't thought about in a while.
You know what I mean?
Ooh, child labor.
No.
No.
Yeah, we'll see.
I mean, this is unsurprising, cutting education, cutting any kind of social programs.
Pretty standard stuff for Republican administrations, although secretly also pretty standard stuff
for Democratic administrations.
Child fund borer, that's how they got to rebrand it.
It's just daycare.
It's just productive daycare.
Listen, as a dad myself, it would have been great if he was pulling down a paycheck
when he was just banging blocks anyway.
Why not have him bang those blocks with a hammer in a sweltering factory?
I think it's probably pretty bad for the development of children to force them into labor situations,
but we're making them do daycare anyway.
They can learn to count by counting the amount of nodes in a superconductor under a microscope.
I don't actually know how those are made at all.
Yeah, that's pretty clear.
Okay, well, look, it's a cut.
It's a big old cut to everything but border security in the military.
But, eh?
Did we really use our education anyway, Case?
I mean, look at us.
Look at the two of us.
Are we doing anything with our education?
Well, I had a liberal arts education, so I think you could argue
this stream is extremely liberal arts.
Oh, fuck, you're right.
He trapped me.
This stream is 100% liberal arts education at work, and that's why it has to be stopped.
Hmm, when you put it that way.
Stop making decent arguments, Jeff.
All right, I never did, so that's just your weak brain assuming that's true.
But maybe it also is the power of my ripples, which have emanated from me
and infected all of your minds once again.
It's too late now.
The ripples have already overwhelmed you, and they'll do it again soon.
But for now, I must say, bye bye, I'm Jeff Ripple.
Damn, it feels good to be Ralph Munchcut.
A real Munchcut knows how to doop-a-doop-a-doop-a-doop.
Fuck you, crumb, I hate you.
Why are you here?
Anyway, crumb's here.
Uh, okay, that's actually a succinct intro show.
I'll take it.
Welcome back to a show featuring a true patriot,
a thought leader, a visionary, and then also, you know, like,
the stuff that the janitor cleans off the floor at the end of the day,
just the cafeteria muck.
That's you.
Cafeteria muck, really?
That's the best you got.
What's the best you got?
You look like an aging baboon.
What are you trying to say?
You're trying to use, you're trying to say monkeys, that's an insult?
You're trying to insult just monkeys in general?
Well, that's a gorilla.
So I think you're the one who's being insulting.
Now, he identifies with all gorilla monkey-like things.
You know, hairy jungle sapiens, whatever of any type.
So I'm assuming he's very offended.
And you owe this gorilla $130,000 as it's very clearly displayed on the screen.
I didn't mean any, obviously I didn't mean anything by that rocker fire.
You're a piano playing mastermind.
It's just chrome, munch.
Oh, he said your own name.
Well, hey, I've got my own looks, issues.
That's the thing.
I don't really even need to play the insult game.
Why don't I try this, the kindness game?
Your beard is looking, it's looking pretty good today.
Obviously, that's true.
But unnecessary to comment on my appearance,
a little rude to comment on my appearance.
Are you kidding?
You just said, I look like cafeteria muck.
And you know what?
Also your hair, though always very wild,
does a good job of capturing the vitality of your essence, munch.
It's just gross, that's gross, what you're saying.
I'm being nice.
I'm trying to actually be nice.
It's a thing that you can do as a human being.
You can see a person and not immediately have the instinct to cut them down.
That's true for other people.
That's not true for when it comes to you,
chrome, what you have to understand is the instinct is to literally cut you down with a scythe.
You know, like a rice farmer.
Get me a goddamn scythe.
I see something that needs to be cut into the wet rice paddies and drowned.
And that's you.
Any time you're standing anywhere,
the urge is to literally cut your legs off with like any kind of sharp device
and just see you topple over into the muck, which you also look like.
What are we debating today?
Could we do how about we just actually,
so how about we just make this as quick as possible munch?
Oh, really?
You want to rush through this process of you trying to win $5,000?
So complicated to explain every time.
Look, I owe this gorilla $5,000.
And every time I win,
the munch gets to pick the side of the debate I'm on.
I get $5,000.
We tend to only do this segment once a week lately.
So I do really need to win because there's weekly payments that are necessary
where I accrue frankly ridiculous interest.
So I would love if we could get to the debate.
And if you could really consider what I just said,
that I actually have something to gain here.
And munch has really everything.
Well, not to lose.
I have everything to show.
I can show my superiority.
I can show my financial superiority by giving money to probably the worst thing on the planet.
That's how fucking ballin I am.
I can see the thing I hate the most,
still throw money at it and feel nothing because I'm that level of rich.
So again, I have everything to display dominance wise, not lose.
This is such a long intro.
Crumb and chat have a great weekend.
Love you all munch, rot in hell.
Munch, that's to you, rot in hell.
Well, I've been there and it's not as bad as you think.
There's lots of great spells down there.
What are we supposed to debate today?
Demand to debate from psychor.
Stop posting bad videos and post good videos to ATW instead.
Should there be bad videos or good videos in amongst the web?
Oh, that's a classic question.
I think to be fair,
probably good videos is what I'll take or what a surprise.
So I'll take the bad videos.
No, what you'll take actually is you think you think there aren't enough homophobic videos.
I'm not.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's it's yes or it's good or bad.
Well, no, but but that is bad.
It's homophobic videos would be bad, right?
But you don't think there's enough of those unless, of course, you don't want $5,000.
Because you love to play devil's advocate about the bad videos.
No, no, because this could actually do not post those.
Well, no, obviously don't actually post those.
That would make all of us actually legitimately angry,
which is why it's so surprising that you think there should be more of those.
I'm not defending that much.
That's one thing I actually won't defend.
Okay, that's fine.
I won't give you any money.
This one's not from me.
How about we just make it videos in poor taste with.
Progressive opinions about same sex couples instead of homophobic.
I can't do much.
I legitimately can't.
It's it's it's you're you're spreading something actually evil into the world.
I know it's to get my goat, but it's not worth it in cases like this.
Okay.
Unless what are you waiting for?
In cases like this.
Okay.
You know, unless what are you?
Are you because you I wouldn't be surprised if you were openly home of no.
I'm I support the gay community.
I think what you think about this is deeply immoral and awful.
Unless of course you don't want to win $5,000.
Oh God.
Why do you have to make this show unpleasant?
Anything else?
Fine.
You think there's not enough family guy pouring.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
I that's fine.
Yes.
There's not enough family guy porn.
Oh, God.
There's isn't a mod that minds making that debate.
Good videos or family guy porn.
What should there be more of in amongst the web?
You're coward.
I know I actually stood up.
I actually stood up for something and I'm standing up again for family guy pornographic videos.
Look.
Obviously, you need to age up everyone to be of the age of consent.
Okay, let's start there.
Oh, now you're equivocating.
Nope.
You've got to age everybody up.
If there's a stewie in there, it needs to be a 25 year old stewie that's in college.
And the same goes for everyone else.
And you can't age down.
You can't age down the family guy himself that much.
Why is that a rule?
Because I just think it's appropriate.
I think it's important to show everyone a lot of the content.
Show everyone that they're realistic adult ages.
And Peter Griffin, if you age them down, you have to take too much artistic license
and we can't tell what he looks like.
What are you talking about?
Look, I got confused by my own age point, but everybody has to be of age is my main point.
Once it's all of age, it is simply a fan expressing their eroticism.
And I think we don't show enough support for that.
For the literatica, the fan community that explores the sensuality of some of their
favorite fictional characters who are all of age.
I'm in support of that.
I'd be fine with more of that.
Obviously, we can't show any of that on stream, but just knowing they're there would warm my heart.
Well, what I think is we should probably actually have good videos
that people enjoy and not porn that we can't show
featuring for some reason an of age, a fully adult as in the show Peter Griffin
with 25 year old versions of his various children.
I think that would be pretty fucking chat.
That would be way described as extremely gross.
Went way into the age thing.
These are videos that you post.
You should want to post good videos.
God, I should have stuck with the homophobia thing.
I think that would have actually made chat vote against it.
I hope.
Oh, I can't believe you taught me into the family guy thing.
I'm my instincts kicked in again and I gave you an awesome option that's so easy to defend.
Well, I guess you played your shelf then.
Like Stewie always says, tonight I take over the world.
Stewie does not fucking say that.
Stewie's never said that.
He honestly doesn't have recognizable quotes.
He's always like, I want to kill my mom or whatever.
It's pinky in the brain, obviously.
It's pinky in the fucking brain.
Oh, well, they're close.
How are they close?
Two of them, but it's too nice.
And the other one's a tiny baby in a red fucking jumper.
It's not a jumper.
It's overalls.
Now who doesn't know Stewie?
Oh my God.
So it's not my fault that the only one with catchphrases is Quagmire.
They only gave catchphrases to the rapist for some reason.
Oh my.
God.
No, he's a jovial sex addict.
No, there's been some pretty disturbing things from Quagmire.
Don't even, don't actually look yourself.
They did something with Marge back in the day
when they were feuding with the Simpsons.
That was an incredibly poor taste.
Why do you know so much about Family Guy?
I just watched YouTube videos about Family Guy.
He's a sex pestful stuff.
Oh, you're crumbly.
Love to see a long once moving streak.
We'll get ready to see it go even longer
because I'm only $125,000 in the hole.
Give the gorilla his money.
The money's automatically deposited
in the gorilla's bank account
as part of my incredible streamlined process.
To help.
It's not supposed to help you, but it keeps doing it.
Well, why didn't you agree to pay me any money?
But it's too late now.
You have to do it.
It's in my contract.
Family Guy has interspecies erotica.
You're supporting beastiality.
I didn't even realize the dog was on the table.
Obviously the dog's on the table.
The dog dates people in the show.
He does.
That's a little off-putting.
Well, it's sort of unclear.
He's kind of like an analog for the creator.
He basically just has his voice.
He's essentially a human.
The rules around Brian are very unclear in the show.
Why do you know so much about Family Guy?
It's unbelievable.
Oh!
I think the horse in town fucks as well.
I do agree.
It's probably...
Well, what if you humanify?
What if you make him way more human?
What if he's basically a furry?
Brian the dog, that is.
If you give him slightly more human characteristics
and push him into the genre of furry,
then I'll allow it.
But if you push him too far in the dog direction,
I don't want to see no red rockets, you know?
To be clear, I actually disagreed with the first thing I said
and it was a trap that you fell into.
You want to see dog porn?
No, I don't.
I'm saying if it's in the genre of furry, it's okay.
You're the one who said the rules around Brian are very confusing.
And I said that as a trap.
There should be clear rules around Brian.
You should never date women.
They should give him a dog girl to date.
Can we fire a crumb?
No, you can!
You can!
You said no.
You absolutely get your instinct
was to protect me immediately.
Because secretly, like...
Like, you're trying to think of some analog
for our relationship here?
How about this?
A wooden house and I'm the fire.
A creaky old wooden house next to a burning field.
I'm the fire.
That's our analog.
No, we're like Batman and...
What is Batman?
Hate.
Daylight?
The Joker!
No, we're like Batman and Daylight.
They just...
They don't go together, but...
You can't have one without the other.
Why can't you have Daylight without Batman?
What are you saying?
Now, the Joker doesn't quite catch...
It's the Batman and the Joker!
It's right there!
No, it's like Batman and the waterfall and the Batcave.
It's dangerous.
The waterfall being there.
Because there's a lot of electrical equipment.
But you expect it.
I don't even think there's always a waterfall in the Batcave!
No, there's...
I'm pretty sure there's never not been.
Krumper's the leader, Munch's the loser.
The leader like in the comics?
The comic villain, the leader?
Why do you know that one but you couldn't remember the Joker?
Well, I've read.
I've read way more of comics featuring specifically the villain, the leader.
Can't wait for him to get his own series.
The villain, the leader is your favorite comic book character.
What's the point of that?
Your favorite comic book character?
Well, because it's...
The story...
Oh, I get it.
It's because it's a guy whose head got fucking disgustingly destroyed over the course of his life.
Now he's a bald, disgusting freak.
You know, he got really smart.
But that intelligence sometimes is his greatest curse.
No, his curse is that he looks like a gross, bald cucumber.
Cucumbers are already bald, but the cucumber was a person.
Also, sometimes he's got hair on the side, which I don't.
Probably has the head of the leader, yeah.
But smaller, the brain obviously.
You got none of the intelligence, but all of the terrible visuals.
I'm not even green.
Well, he wasn't always green.
You're the leader after he died his skin white, like a real freak.
No, he was a white guy to begin with, just saying.
It's messed up.
This has been awful for me today.
I'm so glad that I won.
I needed the money, but...
I just feel down on a little bit.
I just feel down on a level that's surprising even me.
You've been truly rancid today, Munch, and you've made my life worse.
And that means I absolutely did my job.
What a beautiful note to end the segment on.
I feel fired up.
I feel fantastic.
I hope all of you are feeling incredible too.
We had an excellent segment featuring a very spirited debate
that I once again, as an actor generosity,
handed to you by giving you such a perfect thing to defend.
What a magnanimous and brilliant individual I am,
as I'm sure what all of you are typing right now,
but for now what I'm going to type with my mouth
by speaking it is we'll see you very soon.
Bye-bye.
Yes!
Oh, it feels good.
To be honest, Green, we're by a huge head belong.
You have a pretty big head.
I'm glad you're comfortable saying that.
I can say that.
It's big, but it matches my huge body.
You sound like you meant that in a way where my head's too big for my body,
which is not what I was saying.
No, I just...
You have a stately and large head.
So are we going to watch Family Guy porn today?
Is that what the deal was?
No, no, I really don't appreciate...
Well, hey, I'm glad they didn't do the homophobia thing.
That was an extremely poor taste.
But I don't post Family Guy porn.
I can't watch that.
Why are you putting it out into the system then, man?
Why are you putting that in the air?
Now that's what we all want to see.
I will double check the videos for Family Guy porn, so just don't.
But I guess I have to delete my account because I just made one specifically to post that.
Well, but I'm saying really don't because we can't...
I'll get banned.
Why...
This show is so inconsistent because it just sounded like you were all about it.
And now suddenly you're not.
Well, it was Munch and Crumb who were all about it.
And now you're blaming other people for your problems.
That's crazy.
Don't think of Dimeo.
Now we're getting somewhere.
This is a video about mayonnaise.
And there's not enough mayonnaise videos out there.
It's only... it's potentially very short.
So let's immediately get into it.
Hey, shit.
Oh my god.
There is... it wants to play so bad.
Okay, here we go.
Brian, what's the history of Cinco de Mayo?
Shut the fuck up.
And that's that.
Wow.
We're...
It's firing it out of a rocket's day with the five-second shorts.
Why they stop making those?
Because it's kind of what all media was...
Angling towards was being really short for a while.
So I think Vine basically kind of killed that...
Channel.
By just being making it kind of everybody's thing.
Does Chet Skyance segment work if Chet says Skyeance?
Or does it only work if someone else says Skyeance?
I guess you just answered their question.
It should work if I say it.
And yet, you're not here to hit the button that's in your...
You almost said it.
But I didn't say it.
And I carry a remote button with me.
But yes, much like Batman who keeps getting thrown around,
I live by code.
And that code is someone else has to say it.
So do you want to read that comment case?
I'm okay, Chet.
Because we're doing this right.
You're currently on a screen anyway.
So why would we throw it to a different segment?
And what's that segment called?
I'm not going to say it.
Because you're scared of me.
Because you've rolled over and you're showing me your belly.
You're admitting that I'm so dominant.
I just know you'll actually hit the button.
Which I gave you, by the way.
You passed this time.
Okay.
All right, let's see.
None of these are family guy porn.
Again, no family guy porn.
All right.
Holy shit.
Does he still practice?
I couldn't tell when that was from.
What would you call him for?
Lawyer stuff.
I would just go to him for lawyer stuff.
Because he was willing to smash up a car.
Just to make it commercial.
So what would he be willing to do to a judge?
Hi, guys, welcome.
What was that?
Do you want a hundred because you think he'll go smash up a judge?
I'm just saying.
He's not afraid to take things into his own hands.
And that's what you want from a lawyer.
You want a criminal?
He's no Tommy Bigelow.
Oh, he is good.
But he's so expensive.
But he's never lost a case.
Because every time he goes to the court,
he's got to away with judges.
That is insane.
I would give him that.
You see, little Tommy Bigelow in action.
I mean, I've had to use the services a few times.
He's the guy you call when like you've really fucked up
and you just need a judge to get confused by a baby
and then forget that the that there's even a case happening.
That is one of his that's one of his best legal strategies.
If he loses, he'll drive his truck through the wall of prison
so you could escape.
I believe that that's true.
And now I'm kind of seeing where you're coming from.
Eventually everybody realizes I'm right all the time.
When Chet was caught watching Family Guy porn at work.
Well, as I explained to all six of my bosses,
who wouldn't shut up about it.
It's not illegal.
And honestly, it's just a cartoon.
So you're being weird because you're freaking out about a cartoon.
What are you, a child?
Six different bosses caught you.
Six different bosses didn't appreciate the
background on my laptop.
I just think it's funny because it's like,
why is that?
It's that's too big to even fit in anything.
So why would it even be in there?
You know, I don't know what I don't know.
You know, to the dance funk workout with the all American girls.
Lakita. Oh my God.
Lakita is fast.
The moves.
Damn.
Chris.
Whoa.
Chris is also fast.
How to sub.
It's how to do it.
Tony.
Oh, hello, Tony.
Tony's kind of,
this one takes down a little bit.
Oh, nevermind.
Maria.
Shuffle.
The footwork.
I love her footwork.
Don't fall over Lisa.
Oh, she's mad.
She's in full control.
You think that video is more than five years old?
Um, yes.
I think that's at least from the nineties.
Oh, sick.
So those ladies could be like kind of divorced by now or maybe
they're a later time in their life where they're not as picky with their partners.
I don't don't try to find those women, but there's first name they're on there.
So it's not like I know them on a first name basis.
But if I saw them in public, I'd be like, oh, Lakita, you're from the all American girls.
I'm just a fan.
And possibly age appropriate.
For romantic encounter.
That's how you would talk to a woman.
That specific order of words.
What I would say is that video wasn't eight, but I would give all of them obviously
an 11.
Boom, boom.
I'm pulling straight up.
You know what I mean?
Is there an is the next one family got porn?
No, none of them are going to be that stop bringing it up.
Oh my gosh.
You're like a freaking boring show.
Boring school teacher who sucks case.
Has anyone ever told you that before?
Yes, you.
Oh, oh, yeah, I have done that before.
Okay.
Whoa.
Did I have ayahuasca before the stream?
You would know that.
Well, would I know that though?
I feel like I was just seeing something in a powerful vision journey.
It is cool.
Okay.
Is that was, I believe the spirit of the clouds attempting to communicate something to me.
And you must be the demon that's in my way trying to stop me from achieving a new level
of enlightenment.
So if you could kindly move aside demon and let me talk to the cloud coyote.
No, you're just in amongst the web.
That's the kind of thing a hallucinatory spirit would say just so you know.
And it looking around actually this does not look super normal where I am.
So there's no I have my eye on you spirit demon and I will talk to the cloud coyote.
Okay.
Inside all of us are two coyotes and they're both dehydrated.
Not anymore.
That thing was going to town on that glass water.
Does that mean that the windows kind of bending in?
They need to call a contractor.
I, you know, sitting water.
Didn't look like there was a fair amount of water on that window.
Maybe it's kind of like inset down so it can pull up.
That feels like a structural fault to me.
Eventually that's going to start leaking.
I, you know, they look like they're doing fine monetarily.
So I'm going to suspect that their house is in good shape.
All right.
Here's the guy's guy for you, Chad.
Classic guy.
We're sticking out the bottom there.
100 of him could be the gorilla.
I think he just is a gorilla.
For the record, that's a crazy everybody's assuming it's normal.
And just so you know, there's men with huge,
brutally bending, wave of five hands out there like me and this guy.
Who are former football jocks that could absolutely,
probably befriend a gorilla would be the more likely outcome.
But if it comes to blows,
you're really going to bet against me against the gorilla.
100%.
I'm going to bet against you.
I'm nothing against gorillas, obviously.
But I'm just saying, some of us are kind of on the same plane.
You know, we could play like we're kind of on the same team.
It really only takes one of us to gorilla gorilla.
9.67.
Chad agrees.
I don't think they're agreeing with you.
Shack his friends with gorillas for real.
Again, a gorilla sees a creature of comparable strength,
and they just an instantly befriended you.
It happens to me all the time.
That's why rocker fire and I get along so well.
You might notice he's playing all the music today,
timely manner.
He's in a good mood because he's around to fill a gorilla spirit.
You're not on ayahuasca, Chad.
You just drove here for,
I hope you're not.
You drove to work today.
Did I though?
Or was that all part of my vision?
It wasn't, but oh my God.
This is beautiful.
They say no way, but it just happened.
Wow.
Good for them.
Why do you sound sarcastic, Case?
Why do you hate love?
I'm just glad it worked out for those two kids.
Take the sarcasm out of your voice.
That's beautiful.
What just happened?
Chad, I'm so confused.
What don't you like about it?
Who knows?
Because of how beautiful that was, you know?
I know.
What did they do wrong?
They're in love in the gym.
There was no one believing romance anymore.
I guess they just, maybe they think they're too young.
The diamond was made out of pulverized creatine.
That's incredible.
That's beautiful.
1.89?
Well, I don't get it.
That's because their love will last for 189 years.
They'll be together forever.
That should be longer than 189 years then.
Goddamn it.
Shut up, Case.
Some of us are actually supporting other couples.
Just think it, maybe red is a little disingenuous.
You just don't show affection like real man,
who when we get psyched up, start doing push-ups
and behaving in a very over-the-top theatrical way.
I saw a real man do.
That is what you do.
I will give you that.
Okay, we got a couple more.
I think it's slightly shorter stream today.
Oh, Case is so busy.
He's got a run right out of here.
Well, I do have a thing.
I'm doing a bit after five.
So we might have to just do a couple more segments and get out.
So there's only a few videos anyway.
So disappointing.
I've got time for hundreds of videos.
But Case is always in a rush.
All right, let's see what this is.
Sorry to interrupt.
I'm going to need season my day.
Day.
Now.
Shit.
They still left us on a cliffhanger.
Who shot first?
That's the classic Han situation.
The next president.
I mean, after seeing that performance, when did he do that?
You know, he's already working for ESPN.
So this walks over the ABC lot where they're filming daytime dramas.
And that's from the other day.
Shows still look like that in various places.
Was that like a, is that a show?
I don't know what that is.
I mean, it looks like it wasn't like a, was it a bit they did?
Or is he actually, oh, he's on General Hospital.
Oh, General Hospital.
I can't believe that show is still going.
It's one of the, eventually that's probably going to be one of the last shows going.
First one in, last one out.
General Hospital.
John Wick MD.
We've seen him get fired up a lot of times.
Well, now he's firing off at nurses that are killers.
Damn.
Should we, should I have been watching General Hospital all of these years?
There's just so much action.
That's what they're all about, man.
You've never watched General Hospital?
I don't know if I ever have actually.
It's sort of like family got porn, but minus all the family guy and without the porn.
So if you're in any of that, no, I'd, no.
Stephen A. Wick.
He should change his name.
If people think he's John Wick, they'll vote for him for president.
I'm so excited that he's coming back.
Who? Stephen.
John Wick.
So it's on X, I'm assuming you can probably find episodes of General Hospital on X videos.
You'll find something with hospitals on X videos, but maybe not that.
John Thicke.
That's a good name too.
Well, they're just going to think he's related to Robin Thicke.
Oh, then that's not good.
Yeah.
Go with John.
Go with John.
Stephen A. Wick.
Actually, just call yourself John Wick and be Keanu Reeves and then run for president.
Oh, people probably would vote for Keanu Reeves.
Because they'd be like, well, he's not the smartest, but that's never stopped us even once.
And he's Keanu Reeves.
Shit.
When you put it like that, would the rock or Keanu Reeves win?
We don't get to say which political team they're playing for.
It's just the rock and Keanu Reeves are both running for president.
We already did our debate segment for the day.
We're going to say we're for the day chat.
Though in my heart of hearts, I do feel like I'd be more likely to vote for Keanu Reeves.
They're both kind of like, they've hit that level of fame where people hate them almost for being
too likable, but Keanu Reeves way less than the rock who people feel more burnt out on.
Don't put that into the universe yet.
Walk as it could happen.
Keanu Reeves running versus the rock for president could happen.
If I keep saying it, don't do stop by.
That would be pretty negative probably for the already pretty cursed arc of our country.
No, I think that is subjectively an improvement.
Speaking of improvements, look at this.
Is this John Wick?
Sound like a two-time speed though.
Race yourself.
Have to do now.
God, what have I done?
Oh no, I'm definitely on ayahuasca again, Kate.
No, you're the one who switched into this.
This is worse.
I made it worse.
Oh my god.
Not the bees.
Not the bees.
Went on a spiritual journey.
No thanks to you, demon spirit.
I am just your co-host for the record.
We're saying the same thing as usual, JD Vance.
I should have known JD Vance would torment me on my spiritual journey to meet the cloud coyote.
But I found a way through through the power of frantic music.
That's pretty good.
I'll admit, I was a little impressed.
Sometimes there's real artists out there.
Sometimes real art appears in the webs that we weave.
And that's why we weave a tan.
Oh, good work, Chad.
They call it like they seize it.
And I calls it over.
We frickin' did it.
I've got places to be, case.
So I've got to go.
That's fine.
We can both have places to be.
No, it was me all along.
But I loved being here for each and every one of you.
And the adult post family got born.
Actually, don't, don't.
Well, hello there, everybody.
Who's it, who's it gonna be?
It was me, Liliana Breffin Schmidt.
Good to see you.
Hello there, case.
Oopsie.
She was being so nice and accidentally hit the eject button.
Sorry, Liliana.
Jesus.
It's so, it's not, I'm not ready for the acceleration every time.
Straight into the crocodile pit.
Oh, there's not supposed to be crocodiles down there.
Really?
No.
I have noticed lately that a lot of psychic energy is
radiating off of the walls here.
Yeah, apparently Peter is keeping shape shifting rats in the walls.
I feel like I might actually have to go check on the walls at some point because
I thought it was just rats, but I think he might be up to demonic things in there.
I did get that vibe a little bit from Peter that he might be doing
sort of interdimensional demonic practices in the wall.
Yeah, I think it might have progressed past just being a hobby for him.
The Crocs are getting fat off the rats.
Yeah, I mean, I don't, based on the rat that I met, again, I just don't.
It's confusing.
I started calling him Darfus.
He was affecting my mind.
Well, we'll check on that later.
All right, I'm supposed to read a bunch of news stories.
Yeah, but I didn't open them up again.
And it takes forever to open them all.
There's too many newses.
Let me close all of this.
Revealing information on my Amazon account.
Okay.
Just play your song, Liliana.
Okay, well, I'll turn it down.
Well, at least turn it down while I open up a million stories.
Oh, there's Keanu Reeves.
Chat you so fast, you already got a Keanu Reeves story up for us.
All right.
Oh boy, there is a lot of news we haven't covered because Case had to run to his movie time.
Did you see Sinners?
I mean, not the movie, but I've seen some, you know.
I, yes, I understand.
I don't think you really do, though.
I don't think you want to stand the level.
You did cover the com story, so that's already taken care of.
You covered the fart spray, gravity simulation.
Yeah, you covered that.
Okay, there we go.
We've got to click on everything.
If they took the time to share it, Case, it's our duty to cover it.
Let's see.
Jesus, there's a lot of news to get to.
And our computer even handle all of these tabs.
Possibly not.
Okay, okay, okay.
We're going to do with these for now because it does look like Case's Internet Explorer is
struggling now.
All right, there we go.
I saw through Osmosis.
Yeah, I saw through Osmosis.
Wait, I've not read it, I watched for once.
What, do you dislike it when Chet reads the news?
Maybe.
I don't really, I really don't want inter-office romances between my co-hosts.
You don't tell me what to do.
If you tell me not to go after Chet, it will, a Chet, it will just make me want him more.
Try Netscape Navigator.
Chet's off limits.
Oh, you're trying to turn me, you're trying to make it happen.
But now I'm coming out the other side and I'm losing interest because now it feels like you want me to do it.
I legitimately don't.
And I'm getting back there.
I'm just going to stop talking about it.
And that will stop you.
This point, it's unclear.
Okay.
Lots of news to get to.
It's the non-Trump probably news dump.
Boom.
Play the news noises.
Ahem.
Obsessed Northumberland man.
Oh, damn it.
Don't keep me updated.
Obsessed Northumberland man rang fire service 80 times before starting fire in his home.
Well, they, if they didn't pick up, then maybe he was just proving the fire was real all along
by making it real.
Sometimes you've got to go to extreme measures when you're being ignored by the fireman that you're pursuing.
So I don't really want that to be the takeaway, Liliana.
And yet that's what happened.
Obsessed James Brown sparked two blazers at his home filled by his fascination with the fire brigade.
Firefighters were sent to Brown's home twice in one night after he rang the reporting fires in his fuse box.
And if the fire was so nice, he had to set it twice.
But that's love.
That's not love.
That's arson.
We said a lot on the stream case, but we are saying the same thing.
We're really not.
Hmm.
Chet is lily owner worthy.
You know he's broke, right?
Oh, he is.
I thought he, isn't, isn't this family in Texas oil?
Unclear.
That's disappointing.
Because sometimes the most powerful one in the family is the young idiot who inevitably gets it all.
And that is one of my types.
But once they're old, just sort of the fading stupidity of a, of the ultimate nepo baby
can be the ultimate aphrodisiac.
I don't get it, but that's fine.
Liliana.
Yeah, it is real fine.
A screw worms are coming and that just as horrifying as they sound.
How do they sound that horrifying?
And they look like revenge of the con ear.
Revenge of the con revenge of con earworms.
Revenge of calm.
Oh, I was thinking gang is gone.
No, it's a different, different con.
Um, is it revenge of con?
Why does it sound wrong to me?
Wrath of con.
You're not even a Star Trek fan.
Well, I never really claimed to actually be a good fan of anything.
I'm an idiot fan of all properties.
Ah, the ultimate idiot fan.
We're on the verge of being screw wormed.
The biological barrier was breached.
Their slithering tore our border in the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
which probably just had that budget cut,
is now carpet bombing parts of Mexico with weaponized flies to starve off an invasion.
Jeez, that was a more intense explanation of what's going on than I was expecting.
Star Trek Episode 3, revenge of con.
Should have known it at some point.
I did know it and I had seen it twice, but it doesn't stop my brain from
flipping all the words around.
Maybe there is something going on with you, the way you read.
One beck and female lays up to 400 eggs at a time.
Within about a day, ravenous flesh eating lava erupt,
which both look and act like literal screws.
They viciously and relentlessly bore in twist into their victims,
feasting on the living flesh for about seven days.
The result is gaping also writhing with maggots,
which attracts yet more adult female screw worms that can lay hundreds more eggs.
This is all stuff, I'm not reading a horrors synopsis here,
these are things that are potentially going to enter the U.S. soon.
Anyway, they can lay hundreds more eggs deepening the putrid festering legions.
The infection, called myosis, is intensely painful and life threatening.
Anyone who falls victims to screw worms is figuratively screwed.
That's how you met your ex?
Ooh, well that's a story I'd like to hear.
Screw a midade, you know?
People need to stop saying you know, I don't know.
The first worm was just a tracer worm, he's been marked.
Do I dare look up screw worm infection?
Does this affect people?
Oh, god.
Do not google screw worm infection.
Definitely don't google that.
And I cannot show that.
Whoa, that's brutal.
There's a photo in the story?
Let's see how graphic, because though the ones on google image were,
we're just going to call them a lot.
A lot to take in mentally.
Um, oh, I can't show that.
It's too brutal.
And that's coming from me, let it all know.
That's the kind of gaping I'm not into.
Yeah, it's a photo of a deer, just in case anyone is,
um, for some reason doesn't want to see a photo of a deer with a
basketball-sized hole in its neck, festering with maggot-like screw worms.
I won't show it, but you created such a beautiful picture with your words.
Okay, well move on to Overwatch.
Let's just move on to Overwatch.
Yeah, yeah, why not move on to Overwatch after that?
It'll be normalized like bot fly infections?
I don't know if, based on these pictures, you could ever quite
normalize this one.
Well, we could always enter some sort of Geiger reality where body horror is the norm.
You know, at least based on my visions we could get there.
What?
Oh, let's just talk about Overwatch.
After years of struggle, Blizzard has found itself in uncharted territory.
Overwatch players are having fun again.
Damn, that is a very sassy headline from IGN.
If you can pop it, it's content.
What if it's popped?
What if the ulcer is fully popped?
Speaking of popping off, yeah, there we go.
Overwatch is fun again?
Wow, are they actually...
I think there's...
Are there still more concurrent players for Overwatch than Marvel rivals?
Someone told me that the other day.
I was like, that can't be true.
Then I feel like we Googled it and it was.
Anyway, whatever.
The Overwatch team knows fairly well.
Its massive launch in 2016 was eventually dampened by divisive back balance decisions.
A disastrous launch for Overwatch 2 and a lot of negative reviews.
But it's fun again?
Not gonna lie, a lot of fun playing 6v6 perk watch today.
Makes me really happy to say Overwatch actually has found the light on this path.
What's perk watch?
What the hell is perk watch?
Perks gave all 43 characters a set of 4 unique game changing abilities
and Blizzard even managed to further detail
its plan to bring back 6v6.
It was a waity list of tangible additions
and more content than Overwatch players had seen since the launch of Overwatch 2.
And most of it would be added within only a few months.
They actually responded to the fans hating their product?
Well, I guess when you're running a cosmetic monetized permanent game,
you gotta do something.
I used to play way too much Hearthstone.
Like way too much.
But I fell off playing the main card game.
But every once in a while I'll check in to see what's going on.
And it seems like they addressed a lot of the things that made me stop playing.
But I still have no desire to play it, so I wonder if that'll be the case for this.
If this just won't really bring new people in necessarily
because they already kind of had their fill.
At the end of the day, I don't know how much can you change it.
A lot I guess?
You can't cope with going screwworms to Elder Scrolls Overwatch crap?
Well, what I'm talking I think possibly even more about Overwatch for some reason.
I just, you know, I've got so many more Overwatch opinions than Screwwatch opinions.
Overwatch was like the last game I played a ton of
before I feel like I stopped playing as many competitive games.
I played, you know, many hours.
That and Dota 2 took up a lot of my mid-20s.
Well, that's not interesting.
That's probably true.
Keanu Reeves Center Bullock, a re-team for United Amazon MGM Romantic Thriller.
A re-team.
Did they do the one where they had like a magic mailbox?
Is that the one?
The sending each other letters through time or something?
Anyway, they're making another one.
They're making another mailbox movie.
Oh, speed is the one.
Speed is the one people are thinking of.
Were they also in the lakehouse?
Wait, is it a thriller?
It's a romantic thriller.
So it's like speed meets the lakehouse.
I'm driving a time machine at 60 miles into the past
to deliver a letter to a former Sandra Bullock.
And if I'd stop going at a rate of negative one days per hour,
the time space continuum will collapse?
Is that a movie pitch?
Sort of?
Hmm.
Well, anyway, the thing they're making is written by Noah Oppenheim,
who wrote the Jackie Bile pick.
Okay.
The project is more than just Reeves and Bullock a reunion.
The duo are also re-teaming with Mark Gordon who produced Speed.
Well, what's the movie called?
Speed Dating?
Okay.
Well, that's the thing that's happening.
Indeed it is.
WWE Superstars have been released, but not in the fun way.
The releases include Braun Strowman,
Kaiden Carter, Katana Chance,
Shynna Beisler, and Dakota Kai.
So for people that those people who know who those people are,
that's the one thing that's happening.
People who know who those people are, that's...
Say it.
I mean, it's not great to hear anybody losing their jobs.
Braun Strowman.
I haven't kept up as much with wrestling as I have in years past,
but he's so huge.
I'm surprised.
And I think I wasn't he already fired once?
I just, he's just so big.
He's so tall with so much muscle.
I'm surprised that they don't want to use him for something.
Also, I'm pretty sure Dakota Kai's also been fired before, so that's too bad.
I mean, it's too bad for all of them, but at least there's two wrestling companies, I guess.
He gets hurt so often.
Well, he's so big.
I would get hurt all the time if I was a foot taller.
I'd be banging in every door I went through.
And then you'd be brusting through the sides as well.
He's probably covered in splinters all the time from breaking through every door,
like the Kool-Aid man.
He has really bad knees.
That's too bad.
I mean, he is again legitimately insanely big.
Insanely big.
Oh my God, so many ads.
Okay.
Woman served whole tomato at Las Vegas restaurant.
Iconic or Great Depression snack.
Just a full ass tomato.
Oh, there's a video.
Give out tomatoes and lemon as your little,
as your little bread at the table, which is in Vegas, and they give out tomatoes.
And the lemon as your little bread at the table, which is great for me because I'm
gluten free.
So this is like iconic.
So I'm just going to cut it.
We'll do a little bit of lemon.
Olive oil.
Looks like she's in her kitchen.
Oh, hello.
It's candle.
I can just log you in.
You want to hang out with Chad for a second?
You can leave this filter on.
You'll look kind of crazy.
I'll be right back.
I got to help a girl out.
Help a fellow girl out.
Nice.
Hello.
Sorry.
I need his Envato login because I don't have one.
And why make my own and subscribe when you can just use your partner?
Am I right?
Am I right?
So you guys can't see it, but I put a shit ton of pictures of myself around
Casey's desk so he doesn't forget.
Right?
So he just knows that he should never, ever leave me or cheat on me.
Here I'm going to.
Sorry.
I'm just peeling it off his computer.
I highly suggest you guys do the same, not because your partners are going to cheat on you,
but just to remind them of how beautiful you are.
You know, it ups the ego.
He's looking at women eating tomatoes.
Is that cheating?
That's the complete opposite.
That's actually like a sign that he's the one.
Also, I've seen this video.
I don't know if you guys have talked about it already,
but she does the most influencer acting I've ever seen in my life.
Have you guys talked about this video already?
Okay.
The way she talks is what I'm trying to avoid for my own social media.
Have you guys watched the video?
Did he guys show you?
Show you?
It yet?
I can't tell based on where you guys are at in this video.
It's all fake.
Well, yeah, of course it's all fake.
Social media is fake in general, guys.
Okay.
And this is it.
She's like, I'm at this fancy restaurant.
And you know how some people put bread and vinegar and balsamic?
I don't know.
Does she say vinegar?
What do people put in bread?
I don't.
Olive oil and balsamic vinegar?
Well, they give you tomatoes here, fresh tomatoes.
And she opens the tomato, she puts a little salt in it, a little lemon on it, bites it, and she's like,
that is amazing.
I'm like, girl, it's a fucking tomato.
Anyway, that's the current state of social media.
And I fucking hate it.
But like anything to get your bag, am I right?
Anything to get your bag, am I right?
If that's the way you make money,
fucking talk about tomatoes and how good they are.
I didn't do it yet.
I have to.
Oh, he hasn't even, he came back.
He doesn't know his own password to Envato, so it might be a lost cause, guys.
I'm gluten-free, blah, blah.
Is that what she says?
I'm gluten-free.
Press play?
Yeah, press play.
You guys want to watch it again?
It looks like you guys already watched it.
Just now she has a tomato.
Oh, wait, wait a minute.
Guys, make him, make an influencer character.
And then I'm going to use, take all those clips and post it on social media.
And I'm going to try to make the social account as real as possible.
Like I want people to question whether it's real or not.
But I don't know if it's going to work because he uses a bunch of Snapchat filters
and it's like this green screen.
So it's already going to look fake, am I right?
Right?
To me, Envuse, don't worry about it guys, okay?
Kendall Farming case for content, love it.
I'm trying to make money here, okay?
I'm trying to get rich, okay?
Why?
I don't know.
I like eating tattoos.
I like going on dinner dates.
He likes equipment.
And equipment's expensive, guys.
So like, I'm trying to get all the money I can out of this man and this content
because he doesn't post anymore.
Sam, putting case on the street to fill that trap.
What?
It's real to you.
I hope so.
We can Nathan Fielder this.
We can.
Darfus, is that a character he has?
Darfus?
Got to carve the password into the bottom of your desk.
You know what, I thought he texted me at once, the Envato password.
And he, I checked our messages.
It's not there.
So, pimp daddy Kendall.
No, it's not a pimp if it's for content, right?
You can't consider that a pimp, right?
If it's for content, that's like something different.
I'm his influencer manager.
Okay?
You know, actually I'm quite offended that...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's not still pimping.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Content pimp.
No!
Influencer Manager.
I am his manager okay?
So different than Pimping okay?
All I'm doing is taking what he's offering
and selling that to people.
For whatever use, and the people is me by the way.
I'm selling it to myself.
And then whoever is watching the content
can enjoy him as he likes.
That's not pimping, that's influencer managing, okay?
What are you talking about?
No one.
I'm not talking about anything.
I'm just talking about the difference between a pimp
and an influencer manager, right?
Oh hey, it's Kendall, the content pimp, no!
Guys, guys, guys, guys, we gotta get that
out of the vocabulary, okay?
We gotta make sure we're PR ready, okay?
No!
That's one way to make us stop pimping you.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You are logged in, we are logged in.
Okay, thanks, okay, bye Kendall.
Bye Kendall, I said bye Kendall.
Bye Kendall.
Oh!
Bye chat.
Oopsie.
A pimp came, no.
No, it's just the pen I used to sign on the contract.
What do you wanna eat tonight?
Make chat shoes.
Chat, what should Kendall eat?
They're probably gonna choose tomatoes.
That's an actual food, oh it could be tomatoes, yes.
They're probably gonna choose tomatoes.
Get a Kendall Pimp cane to eat, an edible pimp cane.
Should we have them choose what we eat?
Chinese, maybe Thai.
Kendall doesn't like Chinese food, surprisingly.
I like it a lot.
She likes all Asian foods except Chinese food
and something else, I feel like.
Ever since I moved out of New York,
Chinese food has never been the same.
She says it's only good in New York.
Okay, it's never been the same to me.
So whenever she leaves town,
I get Chinese food every time.
I was eating lots of Chinese food for the last two days.
Kendall is from New York originally, yeah.
Originally.
They wanna know the story of why they do that.
I need to go to, okay so that's what we should eat tonight
is I should go to New York to get some Chinese food.
What's the quickest you could get to New York
and get Chinese food?
Then you couldn't eat, you'd have to get it on a plane.
I don't think you could.
Six hours, five, seven, eight.
If I like, right now I was like,
I'm going to New York to get my girlfriend Chinese food.
Then you have to drive to LAX,
be on like a six-ish hour flight,
get out of the airport, find Chinese food,
order, wait for the food, come and eat it.
You could do it within 24 hours though, I guess.
That's like eight hours.
I have some good Italian eats in New York.
New York's got a lot of great food.
Hmm, Scandinavian Hawaiian food, who should we do, Oh No?
Oh No.
My family basically moved out of New York
because of 9-11.
Okay, we'll figure out it after the stream, I'm almost done.
Local Chinese food at NYC last hours.
But could you get it through,
could you get it onto a plane?
And security might be like,
okay, what's this general so is doing in your luggage?
You're like, are you trying to transport
a Chinese general on to an American plane?
I don't know, what are you talking about?
I'm checking it in, so it doesn't matter
what's in my suitcase.
Oh yeah, I guess so.
I met Kendall because of Kevin and him doing 9-11.
Yeah, he was the reason that she ultimately ended up
on this particular path that led to me.
Oh yeah, the butterfly.
Yeah, the butterfly effect of Kevin doing 9-11.
White Castle, you want White Castle?
Oh my God, I want a suitcase of White Castle.
They have White Castles here?
You know what?
Yeah, in the target freezer section.
There's not like a White Castle brick and mortar anywhere?
I don't know, but they opened some in Phoenix,
which is very exciting.
There were plenty in Chicago.
Kendall doesn't like Chicago because I like Chicago
and she thinks I'm cheating on her with a city somehow.
She knows that's the truth, so she's laughing.
There's not an LA down.
I don't even like White Castle that much,
but I would have gotten some.
That's crazy.
It's fine, I think it's fine.
I kind of want a burger now though.
You want burger?
Yeah, but you don't like in and out.
I'll get you in and out and I'll just get
a different burger somewhere else.
I don't get the same burger, but we shouldn't do
Shake Shack.
I like a restaurant burger.
I'm in the mood for a burger that comes with one bun
off the burger with a bunch of onions and lettuce on it.
I actually prefer fast food burgers versus.
I usually do too, but for some reason
I'm in the mood for like a restaurant burger.
I am a second city slut, that's true.
Kind of looking over to Chicago food in the mail.
That'd be so sweet.
You could get me some gusses.
What's the furthest distance you can
like deliver food like Door Dash?
What's the furthest distance a Door Dash
should bring you food?
Maybe there's options like with an Uber
for like a really long drive.
Door Dash, mile limit.
It's an additional charge per 15 miles.
But the yeah, so what's the max?
I don't know.
What is the max miles you'll drive
when accepting orders?
Door Dash, maximum delivery distance?
Door Dash doesn't have a set maximum delivery distance.
That can't be true.
Okay, we could do it.
I think the thing, I think if I-
That's a YouTube video.
Yeah, but I'm pretty sure if I ordered-
Send it to Mr. Beast.
I'm pretty sure if I went to New York
and I ordered a pizza on Door Dash from New York
and this- No one would accept it?
Yeah, I'm assuming no one would accept the order
when they opened up the map and it was like,
you know, five days.
Okay, but you know who would accept it?
Mr. Beast?
Anyone who saw that it's coming from Mr. Beast.
How do they see it's coming from Mr. Beast?
Do they see that?
He puts out a tweet, he goes,
who wants a Door Dash, New York pizza to LA?
Yeah, he would do that I guess.
And then someone would be like me, bro, send the order.
I don't like it.
I don't like that.
We're giving him free ideas right now.
If this happens soon, I'm stewing.
Did you know Boxer Ryan Garcia is going to enter the ring
in the Batmobile tonight, Kendall?
I don't know who that is.
It's Boxer Ryan Garcia.
I gave you all the details just with that.
Can you drive into the ring?
You can drive up to the ring.
That's lame, I wanna see in the ring.
Kendall wants a ramp into the-
That is way cooler.
They said it's going to enter the ring.
If they take the ropes or whatever,
the K, I'm assuming the ropes, if it's boxing,
off of one side, put a ramp in
and he drives straight into the ring.
Gets out, he's in a full Batman outfit.
And then they fight around the Batmobile.
And then they fight around the Batmobile.
They should really do this.
They want to get those boxing ratings up.
Stop doing Jake Paul stunts, start doing Batman stunts.
Do a melody put.
And then the Dasher would show up and knock
and he'd answer the door with his lifeless,
cool eyes and a weird smile and it'd be weird.
And he'd be like, thanks so much, that's crazy, you brought it.
Here's your tip and it's just like a giant suitcase of just cash.
Yeah, here's your tip, $20,000.
And then he closes the door.
You're gonna talk to the guy.
Well, that's actually kind of funny.
I don't know if you'd have the foresight to do that.
No, that's insane, that is his format.
Oh, it is?
Yeah.
Damn it, that is sort of funny.
No, that's his format.
The format is he just closes the door?
Dude, have you seen his other video?
So just be like, thanks for doing that.
And then he'll just like...
Oh, then he walks away.
Then we never see that person ever again.
It's just a Mr. Beast part.
I've never seen his videos to be fair.
I despise the first five seconds of them so much
I've never made it past them.
That's crazy that we tried to get a job there.
I know he was, I would have taken it
if the interview hadn't creeped me out so much immediately.
Yeah, that's not the reason we didn't get the job.
Who else was in South Carolina?
I got a follow-up email from them.
Yeah, I did too.
Yeah, we both did.
And then I didn't follow up again.
So I'm the one who said no Mr. Beast, not you.
Okay, should I finish this so we can eat?
Yeah, I'm not an area editor.
Kendall's editing.
Right now she's folding up a piece of tape.
Yeah.
Okay, so hurry up and make content.
So what?
I have things to do with it after.
Oh, okay.
People need to enjoy the pleasure of your content.
Enjoy the pleasure of my content.
There was a call for an expert.
That's true. I have to do that right after this.
I have to finish all these stories, though.
William, are you still here?
Yes, I've literally been sitting right next to you this whole time.
Well, kind of far away from you.
We're kind of an awkward distance from each other to be real.
Case is scared of people.
Look how far away he's sitting from me.
What's up with you, man?
Who hurt you?
This is the camera thing.
It's a camera issue.
The camera needs us that far apart.
Doesn't really make sense, but okay.
All right.
Fecal transplants reduce alcohol cravings as humans trial
trial progresses.
What the hell does that mean?
Goodbye.
Researchers at Virginia Commonwealth University have found
fecal transplants may be helpful in reducing drinking behaviors
and those suffering severe alcohol use disorders.
So it's not just for various international despots.
Fecal transplants are great for us drunks.
Hmm.
Couples really do start to look alike.
What?
Do I look like Kendall?
You look like a certain version of Kendall a little bit.
Yeah, I'll take it as a compliment.
Okay.
Caroline Quann claims her Twitch stream.
For the show next.
Presented by Progressive was being view-bought.
What?
What am I?
What is this?
Caroline Quann.
Is she still with Will Neff?
Um, I don't keep tight enough tabs on Will Neff's relationship,
but I think so.
Well, anyway, political commentator Caroline Quann has claimed on her
Discord that she will not be live streaming the next show on
her Twitch channel after her broadcast was allegedly view-borted.
Okay.
Who did it?
Was it Progressive that did it?
In the screenshot Quann announced that neither she nor her boyfriend Will Neff
would be broadcasting the next show going forward and cited view-borting as the main issue.
Oh, okay, so I could have literally just read down the story for my Will Neff update.
It happened to Will as well.
Hmm.
Due to the fact that my channel today was view-borted, I will no longer be streaming the next show on my channel.
If you want to watch it tomorrow, you can watch it on any other streams.
Okay.
Several popular streamers such as Caroline Quann, Austin Show, Botez Live, and other live streams,
others that live streamed the next show on the channels.
Oh, just all those people did it.
However, the increased viewership during the broadcast led to controversy with many viewers
accusing channels of allegedly view-borting.
Okay, so you've technically worked with all of these streamers.
I actually did edit a thing that featured one of the Botez sisters,
so I do know who they are.
Chess influencers.
This is what I gathered.
I don't know.
That's annoying.
It's weird that you can get view-botted and have it not be like you could just view-bought anyone is odd.
And I wouldn't put it past like a larger media organization to think that view-boughting will do anything for them.
Does view-botting do things though?
Because if you get lots of viewers, then don't you move up?
Push yourself up to the top of the charts?
I don't know if Twitch is so weird when it comes to discovery.
Chat, you'd probably know better than me.
I'm guessing if you're like, if you view-botted and give yourself 20,000 viewers,
I mean, A, it would be so obvious that you're view-botting because the chat would just not be moving at the right pace.
Let's see if view-botted chatters do what you could probably do.
Would you just being like really high on like the just chatting charts actually make a difference?
Because I don't really feel like I've ever gone to Twitch and then just clicked on like who's the most popular?
Outside of this stream where I have done that specifically I think when we were looking at hot tubs and pools.
So maybe I need to change my category to hot tubs and pools and then view-bot.
Kevin, I should ask Kevin.
I mean, Kevin would be an example I think of it not working.
Yeah, yeah, it's the sponsor who did it.
It's not Caroline Quaun or Will Neff or it's probably the sponsor who did it.
This chat is as fast as a 20k viewer stream.
I guess if I let you guys know I'm doing it, I'm like, hey, we're trying to game the system here.
So really just type anything as quickly as possible for two hours straight.
Then maybe we could really confuse people.
A musician and then there should be a clip of me being like, hey, I'm about to view-bot.
Can you guys make it look believable?
A musician I mod for was on the front page a while and went from 30 viewers to 9000.
So it can make a difference.
Well, being on the front page, Ken, but view-botting wouldn't put you on the front page necessarily, I think.
I just, I don't know.
My only point is I don't understand how much, I don't have a good sense for how much view-botting actually promotes you to then actual viewers.
It seems like a lot of people do it, so I'm guessing it does something, but...
Well, case there's only one way to find out.
Nudge, nudge, wink, wink.
No.
I'm good.
You're a view-bot?
Well, yes, but you have a long-time view-bot.
If you view-bot, if you have like a regular view-bot that you set up with love and care, like Steve, then that counts.
Yeah, yeah, that's, that then it becomes a valuable and important viewer.
Okay, well, this is the news we've all been waiting for. I gotta pick up the pace here.
Jeremy Renner turned down Hawkeye Season 2 because he was offered half his Season 1 salary.
Oh no.
Do you think I'm only half the Jeremy Renner because I got ran over?
And now I won't smile.
Because that's a normal thing to say.
This has really taken me back.
He's the king of the road, man.
And sometimes when that road forks, you gotta pick the path that your heartbeat directs you in.
See, Jeremy Renner would have found an incredibly poetic way to say what Case just said,
as he is the king of the road.
Instead, Case said whatever that was.
In a new interview with High Performance,
Renner, who plays a course, he's talking about High Performance.
When you're a high performer, that's, you know, when you're like a muscle car,
finally tuned, that's the kind of magazine you're an immediate outfit you have to talk to.
Do they offer the other half to his fully adult nephew?
See, that would have been, then he's, then I feel like he'd have to take it.
They're giving his fully adult nephew that he saved the life of.
Careful with those quotes.
Quote, fingers.
Renner, who plays Clint Barton, says he was offered half his original salary.
Well, it's going to take me twice the amount of work for half the amount of money
and eight months of my time, essentially to do it for half the amount.
Renner went on to suggest that the proposed lower salary was a result of his near-fatal,
2023 snowmobile accident.
I'm like, I'm sorry, why?
Do you think I'm only half the Jeremy because I got run over?
Maybe that's why you want me to want to pay me half of what I made the first season.
Does he say it live here?
Oh, we can hear from the man himself.
And they offered me half the money.
I'm like, well, it's going to take me twice the amount of work for half the amount of money.
And so eight months of my time, essentially, and to do it for half the amount.
I'm like, I'm sorry, why?
Did you think I'm only half the Jeremy because I got ran over?
Maybe that's why you want to pay me half of what I made on the first season.
And this is not Marvel with my Jesus like this Disney.
Not even really Disney.
It's just the penny pinchers that I take account of.
Oh, he's a grumpy tiny.
I can't even go flag height.
I mean, just at the insult offer.
And we so we didn't see eye to eye on it.
And sadly, and I still love the character.
I still love to do it.
But I had to defend myself.
Poor these guys.
I didn't have to spend more money by you, right?
These are our performance guys.
So it's all disheartening that that didn't happen, but that's fine.
I'm happy to let that go because my body is probably thinking me, you know,
time and time again that I'm not doing it right now.
But we'll see.
He did get run over.
So that is sad.
Stop laughing at that.
No, I'm not laughing at the vehicular damage.
Sorry, the snowmobile damage.
It's it is just such a crazy story.
When I think about it, that he got run over by snowmobile all these years later.
I'm still like, what?
He got ran over by a snowmobile.
I just can't cover it for this reason.
I can't I can't can't maintain any sense of news decorum.
Or did he know I think he definitely did.
How much was Jeremy Renner paid for Hawkeye?
Do we know how much the original salary is is what I'm curious about?
Because if he got paid like $10 million or something or $20 million,
then I might still take half.
But I guess maybe that'd be irresponsible to do as a business minded actor.
But also it probably is a lot of work doing one of those shows.
But then again, as soon as you're getting paid north of like $2 million for eight months of work,
to me it's hard to imagine saying no to that.
But I guess if you're getting paid that regularly, then why wouldn't you?
We have Jeremy Renner at home.
They could just recast them.
I've still blown away.
I guess the financials just don't add up when you recast actors and roles that they're associated with.
Man, backlash is too extreme.
Whenever I see like the CGI like another Luke Skywalker into an incredibly awkward appearance on The Mandalorian or whatever,
I'm like why don't they just fucking recast Luke Skywalker already?
People will just end up being fine with the new actor.
They used to do it for Batman.
They do it for Batman still.
This is recast.
You don't have to do a big continuity reset.
Just recast Iron Man.
Just use new actors occasionally.
Okay, not acceptable.
I need 48 million year old Tony Stark in an AI form forever.
He's got the mayor of King's Town or whatever.
It does seem like the big money for him is in playing Hawkeye.
And if it's half the big money, that might still be the biggest money.
But also at a certain point, if you've made tens of millions of dollars, playing bow and arrow, man,
maybe you're just good.
He doesn't seem good.
He seems upset about it.
Yeah, he did seem a little mad.
What was the show where he was developing Africa or whatever?
Excellent question, Ray Silva.
It was Renovations.
And he was, I believe, going around renovating underprivileged insert place.
And I'm sure it was beautiful.
New Eevee in Mummy 3 was terrible.
I didn't see it.
I don't think.
I think.
I didn't see it.
That's the same comment.
Damn it.
I keep breaking my own little comment thing.
I gotta figure out how to not have that happen.
Okay, it's still not working.
We should all go to Canada where they have free dental now is the comment I was trying to get to.
And that is accurate.
Okay, let's, we're gonna rapid fire these because I'm going incredibly slow.
My brain is working at about 30% today.
If you couldn't tell, I couldn't tell it all the way on it.
You see me sharp as ever.
It's just because of my beauty.
Yeah, it's because of the beauty.
It's not a joke that Kentucky Derby is embracing anime this year with crossovers nobody expected.
Specifically, Uma Musume Pretty Derby is the big crossover.
You excited for the Uma Musume Pretty Derby crossover?
I'm as excited as I've ever been for the Kentucky Derby.
I'll put it that way.
What a beautiful way to put it.
Commuters latest return to office rebellion is barebacking and it's unnerving fellow passengers.
Wait, like the plane thing?
Commuters are being called out for staring awkwardly at fellow passengers and going tech free while they travel.
An expert's warned it will only get worse with return to office mandates.
I've always said that's the big issue with returning to the office.
It's not that it's unnecessary and does not actually form the communal bonds that managers claim they do.
It's that it starts all sorts of new annoying trends on TikTok that you then do on a train.
I agree. The real threat here is any sort of train trend at all.
Keep our trains trend free is my bold stance.
Australian radio stations secretly used an AR host for six months and nobody noticed?
Maybe nobody noticed.
Notice? We shouldn't have to return to the office when Michael left.
Thank you, bonsai bullfrog.
You said what everyone else was too afraid to.
As soon as he left we were done.
We said at the time Skype was a thing, now Zoom's a thing, and Michael's not a thing at the office.
Pious.
An Australian radio station is faking backlash after using an AR generated host for the last six months without disclosing it.
Well, let's see how obvious it is.
Hello? Will it show me?
Okay, maybe.
I'm NVIDIA. This AI...
Fugato is the latest generative AI breakthrough from NVIDIA.
This new model allows you to create sounds, speech, and music from text and audio inputs.
You can guide Fugato to create unexpected sound effects where familiar sounds take on surprising new qualities
and invoke new experiences.
This is not related to the other story.
Well, it's also about AI. I guess they're just hyperlinking like they always do.
Okay, maybe we can just find this by googling it.
Australian radio network, Ty. I'm just gonna google this.
Because this article from the Independent is just hyperlinking to its own shit.
Fugato about it.
I want to see her in action.
Workdays with Thy. It sounds like the name of a regular radio show, but always not as a saying.
It's now been revealed Thy is a real person.
Instead, Australia's first AI radio announcer broadcasting four hours a day on a Sydney station, Cater.
The revelation has sparked criticism of radio giant ARN, which owns...
Between what's AI and what's real.
Stephen Thy's been on air for months now. Why were you just learning about this?
Well, I think it's pretty... It's on ARN, I think.
Thy. The name is Thy. Where's the... Just show me. Just let me hear a fucking clip.
Hi, I'm Julie Shulkin, Chulkinet, and I welcome you to...
Take a Tech in 5 Minutes.
Because let's be honest, if a giant media company like...
2pm news on Cater, you're gonna hear Central Sea as well as new Calvin Harris.
This is Crystal and the Days at Cater.
Just after 2 o'clock at Cater, we've got a new track from Kendrick Lamar and old school David Gatter.
This is Kate McCrae on Cater.
Is it always this short?
After the 12pm news on Cater, you'll hear Lisa as well as new Chapelburn on Cater.
We're Australia's home of hip-hop and R&B with old school Beyonce.
Beyonce.
Take the Cater Music Survey at cater.com.au and let...
I mean, it sucks that they're using that.
It is in a brief enough snippet and she's just reading ad copy anyway from the feeling of it,
or from the sounds of it, that I don't think I probably would notice.
Insane that they wouldn't just pay someone...
Like how expensive could that be?
To have... or just have one of your hosts read a bunch of ad copy?
That you then just play throughout the day?
You could tell?
I mean, I could tell knowing it's AI.
But if I was just listening to like, for some reason, Australian radio,
and not really... and not like a regular listener,
I think if I listened to that again and again,
like every time it switched songs, I heard someone be like,
Listen to Kyta.
Oiplae, Australian Heats.
Eventually I might be like,
Well, first of all, that sounds more like me than an Australian.
Well, I'm sitting next to you, so that's not my fault.
I'm just picking up on your accent more than Thys.
Yeah, maybe you would notice.
I mean, it honestly, it doesn't even matter if people notice or not.
I'm glad that these stories still get some coverage in the sense that I hope
whenever these companies use AI
to replace like a host or any other role that could just so easily go to a person
that people let them know that they fucking hate that.
Almost all local news stations are starting to incorporate AI.
Yeah, they are.
I know there's lots of media outfits right now
where the idea is like you throw up an AI host who's reading a story
and it's like a video host or whatever.
I guess, and I honestly, I don't really have anything nice to say about it.
Unfortunately, I do dislike that as a premise quite a bit.
But what if it's like, you know,
a new thing where it's its own station and everybody knows it's an AI host
and you just happen to like AI hosts.
Are you trying to call out odd hosts that look unreal case?
No, no, I have no problem with unreal looking weird hosts,
but specifically AI hosts,
especially for legacy media companies that already have a bunch of human employees.
I do think these attempts to pull the human touch out of everything suck.
Okay, I didn't speed up at all. We're going very slow.
Yes, unfortunately, we never really speed up.
When you can replace a whole set with a computer, they're going to go with the cheaper option.
Well, hey, I would just say replacing a whole set with a computer sounds good,
but sometimes when you see the result, something feels a little bit off.
Just saying.
I do think Card King is talking more so about replacing all the personnel on a set
than replacing the literal set.
And yes, they will try to do that. I don't know.
I just, if you're replacing technical aspects,
like say AI could assist you with like quickly calculating like the lighting effect that you want on a set,
and then a cinematographer can use that to like speed up their job.
I could see that maybe being useful,
but like trying to replace writers and actors or even like set grips or just as soon as you're not using it as a tool,
as soon as you're using it to replace an entire job that requires actual taste and thought,
which they're all trying to do with outside of the entertainment industry as well.
It's just such a vast overreach past what AI is currently capable of.
Like I just hate all these, I hate all these framings of AI as this replacement for an entire job
instead of just a thing that someone who already has that job could use.
I don't have a problem with using them in that capacity, but I hate the way that it's marketed
because A, I don't think it works and B, even if it did, it'd be the wrong way to go about it.
AI case is coming.
You know, if I can just get a AI version of me to just do this stream 24 hours a day,
at least I'll be keeping a regular schedule.
G4 could have saved money by replacing a set with a computer.
Yes, I do think I'm fine with using digital sets and stuff, obviously,
but I would be less fine with replacing Liliana with AI.
Can you still pay me and I just don't do the job?
Oh, one could argue that's already happening.
What? Sorry, no, I would never do that.
Okay. After years of struggle, we already read that.
All right. Now I really speed up.
Archeologists on a lucky penis pendant near Hadrian's Wall.
It's a little penis pendant. That's correct. We will leave it at that.
It's a little penis pendant uncovered.
A Tina's Challenge Day physical beauty standard has challenged physical beauty standards.
My oldie training muscles on one side of his body.
And I don't know about that as a choice.
Seems like that could lead to spinal issues.
Well, now you're just following in the classic beauty standards.
Liliana, that's pretty fun to say.
Call of Duty Black Ops 6 Season 3 to roll out with Seth Rogen operator
with reloaded update later this week.
That article was brought to you by Black Ops 6.
And Seth Rogen.
So for that, I guess, whatever that meant.
I'm not entirely sure what that meant.
EA cuts around 300 rolls and other video game news,
including roughly 100 at Respawn Reportedly Cancels Titanfall game.
But Seth Rogen is going strong.
So, and the Black Ops team, hopefully, as well.
Speaking of cutting jobs,
Polivre, vows to stay on his party leader for reasons of being otherwise unemployable.
What?
Despite losing his own,
despite losing his own riding by several thousand votes,
they call campaigns ridings in Canada?
But losing his own riding?
I've never heard that phrasing.
Is that a Canadian thing or am I just woefully unaware of common phrasings?
Yeah, I can see either being true.
Well, anyway, despite losing his own riding by several thousand votes,
conservative leader Pierre Polivre,
a true name I might be saying wrong because I didn't follow the election very closely,
has vowed to stay on his party leader due to having absolutely no employment track record outside of politics.
Well, that can't be the reason he actually gave, right?
That's just this article being mean.
To all our supporters across Canada after tonight's the sore-cresol,
I think we can all agree on one thing.
I need this.
Is this a joke?
Is this a little joke site?
Um, it's the Beaverton, yeah.
So it's real.
It's from the Beaverton.
I don't know what that is.
I don't either, but it's the Beaverton.
Okay.
It looks like a satire site.
It looked just like text on a white background.
Um, I mean, no, I'm sure there's all exact quotes.
Uh, okay.
Fire Disney, Fire Disney employees gets three years in prison for hacking and changing menus.
Former Disney employee hacked into the company's service to alter its restaurants menus,
including falsifying, allergen information and printing profane language.
And he's been sentenced to three years of prison.
And why don't you just change it to like Mickey's shit or something if you're going to do a prank?
Why alter the allergy information?
Well, look how he was going supervillain mode case.
The aim was to do harm.
And it worked.
And now he's a supervillain.
Okay.
Another conservative MP just stepped aside and gave Pierre his writing so he could stay in politics.
I'm glad that everybody's getting their writing in Canada.
Well, leave on tortoises.
I saw a thing that said people would find spiders less scary if they did the Seth Rogen laugh when you saw them.
I don't know. That sounds...
Pauluva?
Pauluva.
They're not doing a better job.
Would spiders be less scary if they laugh like Seth Rogen?
I don't think so. I think...
I think that'd be really unsettling.
Well, people have said it though, so we're probably wrong.
Well, I'm open to being wrong at all times.
I'm still not over the riding thing.
I didn't realize Canadians just gave each other political ridings.
That's how they do it then. Up there.
Up down there.
Speedboat that flipped midair in 200 mile per hour crash.
Winds race on Arizona Lake.
Unrelated is a picture of Trump.
But hey, okay, they were, you know...
They're a winner.
And you're flying through the air and then smashing across the finish line?
I think it still counts.
So much noise from such a tiny little guy.
Sometimes the smallest ones have the biggest box.
There's a video of the crash.
Uh, okay. Let's go back.
Zoom in and enhance.
Do I dare click on this thing that looks like an ad?
Is it an ad?
Here's the flip.
Okay, I think...
Was this in amongst the web the other day?
I don't know, but let's watch it either way.
That's some big air.
Oh, the helicopter.
It was out racing the chopper.
Geez.
We had already seen that in amongst the web.
But that angle made it look honestly even crazier.
Wasn't crazy enough the first time?
No. It was going 322 kilometers per hour
or 200 miles per hour.
It still managed to cross the finish line
and win the contest by registering a top speed
of 200 miles per hour.
Who's JD Vance? Right here.
You know what I mean?
It's you.
I, yes, I'm familiar with the joke.
No one's joking.
Every one of us means it.
Self-zipping zipper technology is here,
but not for your pants.
Well, that could be dangerous.
If you've ever seen the movie, there's something about Mary.
The other classic moment other than the jizz hair
is him zipping up his penis.
Is that that movie? I think that's that movie.
Does that meet the Fockers?
I think it's that something about Mary.
Hmm.
A world's leading zipper company just demonstrated
a self-zipping zipper.
Well, that's going to be a video of this, right?
Here we go.
Okay.
For the future.
Couldn't that just be like a string?
Like a, it touched like a cable?
Unlike a little wheel pulley thing?
That, and that happens automatically?
It's kind of cooler that it's like a self-contained
little zipper that goes up on a motor?
It does feel like technology we could have had
sooner maybe, maybe, but maybe I'm underestimating
how hard it is to self-zip.
This is big.
Well, I mean, I could imagine it being useful
on like, in industrial applications
like they were showing.
Like if you need to close tarps and stuff
on like a schedule.
Very exciting.
I mean, it could be.
It does seem like there's other ways you could
accomplish a similar effect, but maybe they're
more expensive, maybe this is good, maybe this is good.
Maybe it's good.
Need those on our jeans.
It detects when your penis is no longer out.
Or when you want it out.
Uh-oh, that's the day, the second one is
even more dangerous.
I didn't open my mouth because I was thinking
of something else.
That was a yawn.
I know, Liliana.
So if you're thinking you want your penis out,
it just goes whaaat?
I think it'll be open a lot more than people
would expect.
If it's trying to go off your,
I want my penis out wavelengths.
There's gonna be a lot more penises out
than there should be, I think.
Okay, let's end on this.
Parish Rawal reveals he has drank his own
yarn like beer.
And that covers it.
You don't want to read more about Bollywood actor
Parish Rawal?
And how he drinks piss like beer?
Well, maybe he's not a big beer drinker.
He is.
So that means he's a big piss drinker?
Mm-hmm.
I think I'm good, actually.
That's not on my list of kinks.
At least not me doing it.
Maybe making him do it.
I don't know that I think about it, I'm back on board.
Well, I'm glad that we got you back on board by the end.
But that is the end.
We need to go to the streets,
and then we need to get the fuck out of here,
so thanks for hanging out.
Oh wait, first you have to talk to, um,
who was it?
You gotta talk to somebody.
It was...
Chris Sawyer
of Rollercoaster Taku.
So, enjoy that case.
But for now, that's all from me,
Lily Orobrafex, we'll see you all soon.
Okay.
Another incredibly esoteric reference
from...
Gunshade the First.
For a guy that I have now googled.
Um...
In 1999, I guess we'll watch a little bit of him talking,
so we know who the fuck this is.
Chris, of course referring to Chris Sawyer.
Of Rollercoaster Tycoon fame.
Oh, and then there was also a video provided.
Okay.
Let's see what that is.
Chris Sawyer.
Rollercoaster Tycoon!
Um, alright.
Oh, this is only two minutes. Perfect.
Hello, this is Chris Sawyer,
and I'm just looking at a very, very early version
of Transport Tycoon.
It was called Chris Sawyer's Transport Game
back in 1993.
It was fully functional.
It was only low-res graphics.
Alright.
They were my own graphics, as is before
Sam and Foster became involved.
So I had this train to waiting for...
Okay.
What a guy.
Whatever happened to Gun Mario?
Hey, you don't have to ask me twice.
Before we talk to Chris.
Let's see.
Is he still called Gun Mario?
Dr. Nugget YT.
Jesus.
Hitting all the buttons.
Trump, get out of here.
Okay, there we go.
Proof by me.
That's still his pinned tweet.
On April 1st, he tweeted, fuck.
No, I'm not going to free-scroll this just in case.
Let me just do a little reconnaissance here.
Maybe you hit Control-F
and just search for words that start in N-I-G.
Okay, nothing there.
So these first couple are safe, at least.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, there's Squidward.
I want to watch TV.
If my future wife ever buys something without me approving it,
first I'ma be like, get rid of it or I'll divorce you.
Okay.
Fishin'.
My mom, hey son, can you please sit at the table for us?
Me, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you.
Got a pacifier in my mouth right now.
I love my binky.
Pregnant teacher insulted me.
I told her, and you know, there we go.
That's, he's still pretty much on the same thing he was on.
He never stopped.
These tweets are all from 2022.
All right, 2023.
Oh my god, he's dead.
Wait, he's not dead.
He's treated on April 1st.
But wait a minute, I just realized that the strangeness here,
I was just burning through these.
He hadn't tweeted in over a year.
It had been almost two years.
And suddenly on April 1st, he just tweets out, fuck.
That's his old account, but why did he go back to it?
Now he's just at Gun Mario.
I'm kind of a fan of the original Dr. Nugget account.
I don't know about this new fangled Gun Mario.
Oh, these posts are protected.
Sorry guys, the posts are protected.
Only approved followers can see at Gun Mario's posts.
And I am not at that elite level.
Is there a Gun Mario 2?
I think maybe it's for the best.
But that we let Gun Mario, we leave Gun Mario 2, his Gun Mario privacy.
He's set up some boundaries, and I'm going to choose to respect those Gun Mario boundaries.
And I'll only follow his public facing work, personally.
His important public facing work, like fuck.
Which he tweeted out about a month ago.
He lives.
He still has it.
What is it?
Not sure.
Um, okay.
Hmm, something has broken one second.
And it's not just my mind for once.
Uh-oh. A certain highly necessary app for this particular stream.
Seems to not be working just a second.
Uh-oh.
What could have happened?
Alright, let's try this again.
Okay, we're back.
It's back. There we go.
Alright, can you find me Chris Sawyer?
Pepito, is that a thing you can do?
No. Who the hell is that?
He's a British guy.
Just find me some British guy?
Is that a thing you can do?
Let's try this.
That's not good.
Guys, these aren't good.
The Chris Sawyer's that I'm finding in my infinite Rolodex
aren't my favorites.
Uh-oh. I don't know about that guy.
Um.
Hmm.
Some real interesting choices here.
Does he sing Tom Sawyer?
I mean, that's the kind of thing I'd love to ask him.
I'd love to ask Chris Sawyer this.
But I can't seem to find him one second.
He seems like such a normal guy.
Sometimes finding a normal guy is the hardest thing of all.
Uh-oh. Okay.
No.
Alright, we're just gonna go with one of these guys.
One of these guys is this Chris guy for sure.
Alright.
This guy seems like he's who I'm looking for.
He's normal that I don't think a triple A,
he's so normal that I don't think a triple A developer wants him.
What did he sound like again?
Critically claimed PC games hit store shelves.
That's not him.
Uh, excuse me, that is not him.
Oh my god, he's not even talking.
There we go. The screen's now following the train.
Okay, that's him.
Alright, we got him. We're freaking here.
Thank god, it's Chris Sawyer.
Good to see everyone.
Just so you know, I am currently planning out some train routes.
So, got a bit of a split focus.
I am here.
Oh, thanks so much for being here, Chris.
It's very nice to be here.
Okay, I can see how this is gonna go.
What's his relationship today with his former consultant Rob Elvie?
Rob, is it alright, guy?
Is it alright?
He looks British.
Oh, you're British.
So, that makes sense.
Definitely am.
Okay, well you're pretty...
You're tied to the development of an extremely famous game.
Uh, how does it feel to see your baby become so successful over the years?
It's alright.
How do you feel about the modern gaming landscape?
You know, triple A games are more expensive than ever.
Do you think a smaller studio can still produce the same high quality product as a big triple A bloated studio?
Yeah, probably.
It's a lot of work, but probably.
Okay, um, Jeb who?
I don't know.
Okay, do you sing Tom Sawyer?
I don't sing.
No, mostly I program games.
Oh, manly.
We miss Clementine.
I don't know who that is.
Do you love Adam Sessler?
I don't know who that is.
C'mon, he's like fairly well known in the gaming space.
G4 review guy?
Sorry, I'm still programming a game right now, so I'm gonna get my focus to split.
What?
Rollercoaster Tycoon is well optimized for modern 90s PCs.
Except for the Pentium CPUs, which can really make the game lag hard.
Do you have any comment on that?
It's a fucking lie.
Who the fuck are you to tell me that?
Are you fucking kidding, bro?
I'm too fucking hard on this game.
It's optimized for every goddamn 90s PC.
I swear to God, people do not respect the effort that it takes to go and do a game of this quality, the amount of work I put in.
So I disagree.
Okay, um, any plans to do anything new with the Rollercoaster Tycoon series?
Mostly I like to work on the older models person.
I like the retro look.
So you like games that look a little bit older?
I don't think they look older, I think they're just simplified.
Well, I mean, but do you like games that look kinda, you know, like an old-ass SimCity SNES game?
It's just a different style.
They don't look worse, they just look different.
They're clearer, if anything.
Simple design lets you better track the trains, lets you better track the coasters.
Everybody wants a fancy looking coaster.
Well, you're not even paying attention now to the routes of your various coasters.
You've barely plotted your park, you can't even see what you're looking at,
because there's a million fucking vegetables in the way.
You're putting in trees, you're putting in clowns.
You haven't even established an effective route for your coasters, for your patrons to travel through.
You're not even concerned about bathroom placement,
you're too concerned about putting in a goddamn Willow-Balloo.
What the hell? What's a Willow-Balloo?
You're goddamn Fragimuffa!
Simple coaster design is what I'm interested in.
And I'm very, I'm sorry, my focus is split, because I'm also programming as we speak.
What's a Fragimuffa?
I said a Fragimuffa!
And you're just like, oh yeah, one of those people you want.
Oh, I wanna make an ET ride in my roller coaster game.
Um, that's specifically an ET ride. No, you're one of those types.
Oh, how come there's no ET rides in this game?
I want, I want the Streetsharks to be in my game.
I want Wallace and Gromit.
I've never said anything like this before, just that type of guy.
You want all of the hottest current modern IPs.
Slapped all over your game.
Well, you know what? Games aren't all about Sherlock Holmes and Go-Bot skins.
It's not all about chicken little.
You couldn't even think, do you watch anything?
I mostly watch coasters.
No more questions. I'm very busy.
My other bee, yes, exactly. That's what you want.
Some of us have some actual fucking taste.
In the times of coaster games that we make.
Some of us don't actually care about the strong fundamentals that it takes to effectively plot and run trains.
Do you just like trains?
I like coasters.
Really? You don't feel like you really just like trains?
And train routes?
And maybe you compromised?
Juiced them up to make it make a coaster game?
When really what you've wanted to do all along is just look at maps of trains?
You think you see right through me, mate?
I know how to have fun.
It's not all about...
It's not all about trains. I never said that.
But I'm more than just train routes.
I love coasters, of course.
And I never...
I never dreamed of just making a game that was just maps of trains.
With no inputs or customization.
Just a library of train maps.
Because those exist and I have them.
So what would I need to make that a game?
No more questions.
My focus is very split and I need to focus.
Alright. Well...
I'm sorry that things got so heated up.
I really like Planet Coaster.
You fucking son of a bitch.
You son of a bitch.
I see you.
I see what you just did.
I like Planet Coaster. Stop it.
Stop it.
You ain't playing dumb with me.
I can smell an asshole when I see one.
Alright?
And I feel like my nose is buried up to the...
Cortenostral.
In your rancid bum.
Good day, sir.
And I don't even mean that.
Can you get him back, Pepito?
No, he disconnected. I didn't even know you could do that.
He disconnected.
He's gone.
Jesus.
You went gnaw at your face, huh?
I might. Can I do that?
No, Pepito.
No, you gotta go to the streets. You gotta...
You gotta get the fuck out of here.
What? Where do you have to be?
I got stuff to do.
It's nearly midnight.
No, it's like 6.30.
You've been streaming for 15 hours.
Okay. Well, let's go to the streets.
And then we'll get out of here for the day.
Apologies to Chris Sawyer. I didn't mean to get so...
Up in his bum there.
Sometimes my instincts just kick in. You know, I can't help it.
But I'm sure the streets will go much better than that.
Exclamation Point trip is how you send an opinion to the streets,
which we'll send you to right now.
Alright everyone, it's been a marathon
of the slow dissolution of Case's mind
over the course of this stream, but now we're in your mind.
And the way you filter your mind into this stream
is with the command, Exclamation Point trip.
Chris Sawyer is never that mean.
Case brings it out of people.
You know?
If he has one skill, it's being hateable.
And he managed to make Chris Sawyer get there.
Like disconnected from the Matrix?
Never even once. We're all in it forever.
There's a cell on Jolt Cola and he needs to go.
That does sound like a place Papito would in fact want to be.
As for me, there's no place I'd rather be
than right here on the streets with Olivier.
Well, not him.
Olivier.
An Exclamation Point trip is how you send me opinion
if you have any, if we only have a couple today.
Or even not honestly, that is fine.
As Case did claim he had places to be,
I always assume that's a lie.
But we'll see how many opinions we have to get through today.
And then we will...
uh, Moseon to the weekend.
The pre-weekend street sesh.
We love to see it.
One second.
Okay, let's see who's out here today.
One second everybody.
Dang it.
The street app is misbehaving today for who knows what reason.
Come on street app, you can do it.
Eh, eh, any of these.
Will any of these work?
Please.
What the fuck? Why is it doing this?
Alright, well, we'll just...
Alright, we'll just talk to this guy.
Ah yes you there, I am in fact a Trip Brad scene.
Do you want to talk to me?
Well, are you there?
I'm your average family guy, porn watcher.
Mm-hmm.
Very well.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with it.
Just ask Crumb.
He's fine with it.
And I found that beautiful what he said.
There's a lot of people disrespect us for enjoying something simple and beautiful.
Okay.
And do you at least agree with Crumb's statement on upping the age of all the characters so that you're representing fully grown adults in these acts of coitus?
Of course. Of course.
It took you...
There was a noticeable pause there.
Nope. I was just thinking about your question.
Shouldn't be a thinker.
Shouldn't have to think about it.
Well look, in the community obviously this is a big point of contention.
In my headcanon, they're all 18.
But some people are trying to draw it accurately to the show.
So... are we talking headcanon?
No.
No we're not. It's an easy question.
And you're failing.
I said yes.
I did say yes.
Stop shifting the S.
I said yes.
Alright. Very well. I need to hurry today so... just know...
You narrowly avoided me summoning the park ranger.
Who's my enemy? So I actually kind of appreciate that.
Alright. We'll just know. We're normal. We're just normal fun loving.
And Quagmire is not my favorite.
We're normal fun loving folks.
I just like to see Lois get railed by...
Mostly Cleveland is my thing.
Anything I'm more of a fan of Cleveland porn.
So I'm one... I'm a good one.
If you say so.
Okay.
Yes. You there. You want to talk to me? I am in fact Trippy B.
Hello. Is Chris Sawyer...
This is a crate of roller coaster tycoon in it.
Uh yes.
And uh... and transport tycoon.
Uh... both equally important games to me.
Alright.
I just want to apologize for insulting case about Planet Coaster.
Actually have a great working relationship with Frontier.
And Brabham.
Oh great relationship with Brabham.
What?
Brabham.
Both. In the 90s. Great relationship.
And uh they even let me consult on roller coaster tycoon 3.
To make suuuuuhhhh...
He glitched out at the end there.
And I felt a fear deep in the base of my spine that he could attack.
And so I mentally forced him away.
Back Chris Sawyer.
You're unstable.
That man is a danger.
The game did crash and I didn't want to blow on the CD.
C.S. in this case.
Um okay.
Uh yes you there.
Do you want to talk to me?
Hi Tripp.
Rob?
No.
I haven't revealed that yet.
It's me.
Hi Rob.
I haven't revealed that yet.
The roller coaster guy.
Okay hello Rob.
No.
Could be to establish at least now so.
Here we go.
Okay.
Weeeeee.
Ahhhhh.
Weeeeee.
That was fun. Let's go again.
Hi Rob.
I still haven't revealed that.
I could be any fun loving roller coaster guy.
That could be me.
I won't even give you the pleasure of saying who I am.
Just know that the cops have been called and I will return with them.
Okay Rob.
Didn't say my name so who knows.
Fucking Rob Alvy.
For sure.
Okay.
Who else?
Who wants some of these hot responses to your nasty opinions?
Come on I'm not afraid.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Yes you there.
You want to talk to me.
Hi Tripp it's me.
Darfus.
Hello you look delicious.
Oh hi Darfus.
Your hair is.
You did something new with your hair.
You know what else is delicious?
Okay no comment on the hair.
A tomato.
A whole tomato.
Okay.
Little lemon and olive oil.
We're going to eat one trip.
Eat my tomato.
Is that a sex thing?
No.
Why is there even a...
No I don't like that.
Oh so you're asexual.
No.
Ew not even.
I'm A actual.
I'm A-will.
Get this sex out of there.
Is that for me?
Okay where's the tomato?
I don't have one.
Can you find one for me?
You said I was going to eat your tomato.
I don't have one.
Can you give me one?
You're not giving me a gift then.
Well if you can help me find one you can have it.
Maybe later Darfus.
Okay how much later?
I'll call you.
I don't have phone.
You don't have phone?
I don't keep my phone.
My friend keeps my phone.
Blink twice if you're in trouble.
Hm?
One of us has to blink eventually.
You just did.
Fuck I did.
I did immediately as soon as I said it.
I guess you'll find one.
Yeah I am.
Okay.
Bye.
Oh I guess you forgot about the tomato.
Is the tomato a rectal prolapse?
No he doesn't seem to believe in sex.
Good for him.
He's a question mark.
What is he?
Well I guess he's just Darfus?
Or Marfus?
Or Darfus?
A lot of question marks actually.
Okay.
Um.
Yes you there.
You again.
What the hell?
What what?
Sorry.
It's Chris Sawyer here again.
I meant to say make sure RCT3
stays true to my original RCT games.
I swear to my goals for working on it.
I do feel like they've lost their way
in cosmetics.
It's not about cosmetics.
It's about planning coaster rats.
It's about planning effective rats for the trains.
Taking the riders into it
and the movements through the park.
Taking that heavily into account.
I just felt that was important to say.
I wasn't bothered.
Well you should be.
You fucking should be.
Now what do you think about this fucking shit?
It's about the effective rats in the trains, isn't it?
Sorry.
Working on that.
Split focus right now.
Cause I'm thinking about the effective rats in the trains.
So put on my brains on a hair trigger.
Darby is mad.
What are you fucking saying me?
You fucking worry what you're going to do?
You want to be this round?
I'm like, you fucking don't, you're fucking bad
for the streets of Windsor.
The streets of Windsor?
I'm better than the streets of Windsor.
Like the Royal Palace?
I'm sorry, I'm getting carried away.
I'm just going to walk away.
That's what my therapist said to do.
I'm actually very nice.
Okay.
Little bit of a coaster theme tonight.
And that's fine.
Ahem.
Yes, you're there.
I'm Trippy B.
Do you want to talk to me?
Good evening, Tripp.
I know what you're thinking.
The church of Hamptaro here
is an advocate for Clementine Verne.
What?
Yes, that's correct.
I'm here today to say free him
from the prisons of the Bend Studios.
Justice for Clementine, Hamptaro, Hamptaro, Hamtar.
No more prison for Clementine Verne.
I'm just a guy, a human being that wanted to say that.
You sure you're not a human wearing,
a hamster wearing human skin
or a bunch of hamsters stacked up in a corpse?
No.
Just a normal guy with normal human smells.
You smell like a bunch of skin that's rotting
over a writhing mass of hamsters.
Then why would my face be this human?
More than one hamster was trying to talk at once.
Sorry, I need a snack
so I gotta go.
A normal human leaving, bye-bye.
Okay.
Ahem, don't worry.
I'm not a hamster, but a hamster stacked up in a corpse.
Ahem.
Alright, let's see who else wants to talk to me.
My name, new guest in it's Trippy B.
Okay, you there.
You look like you want to talk to me.
Am I right about that? Okay, you can come over, yes.
Hey, sorry for not getting back to you the other day.
What? I've been really busy with birds.
Okay, you see I've been training birds to look through my neighbors windows and
report back to me what they see.
Alright.
Yes, I don't speak bird yet.
Though.
Okay, but I assume
it's hot and they're watching a lot of family
up on our grave.
I'll assume going on and up.
I'd love to confirm it with a bird.
How do you plan to confirm it if you don't speak bird?
Well, I learned it over time.
Eventually I'll understand the birds.
You don't understand a drop.
I can hear you for sure. Thank you for your time.
Do you have any secrets?
What?
Those birds all around us trip.
They can. They judge us.
They judge us trip.
They want to tell me their stories.
Alright, well, let's take a little bit of a manic energy.
I'll speak to them trip.
And if you've done anything immoral,
just know that the birds will tell me.
And then I'll judge them all.
I'll judge you all.
What kind of porn do you think they're watching in there?
You said family guy porn.
Yeah, but what type?
Which characters do you think?
And what are they doing?
Where can you find that kind of stuff?
Do you just want to watch family guy porn?
Because you can do that. It's everywhere.
Just Google it. It's so easy to find.
Just Google it.
What would I Google exact?
Google family guy porn.
Exactly what you'd think.
And I'm sure you'll find it.
You don't have to make it this convoluted, man.
If you like family guy porn, just...
This is not really a safe space,
but there's been worse things on this stream.
I don't. My thing was birds.
You're mistaken.
Bye!
Okay.
Just three little opinions left.
Alright.
Yes, you there. You want to talk to me?
I love mine. I mean...
I'm another rollercoaster guy.
And I'll say...
Planet Coaster is better than rollercoaster Tycoon.
I'll say it, man.
Alright? I just want to say that.
Thanks.
Okay.
A lot of rollercoaster guys today.
At least that guy kept it brief.
Although, honestly, I was curious what he had to say.
I need to stomp right out of here.
Oh, okay. No, I did already talk. Sir, I already...
It's Chris Soyer here.
Yes, Chris. I... yep. I understand.
I've actually retired full time from making games.
I'm talking right now, actually.
I'm fucking talking right now!
That's a little bit rude, isn't it? In it!
In that little bit, rude!
And that's actually a sub, Chris.
So you don't...
Hopefully you're not even supposed to hear that.
And I'm curious how you heard that. What do you mean?
Well, I'll actually say thank you to Peter Wiseman, too.
You're not being rude at all. That's fantastic.
And I'm sorry for Chris being so aggressive.
Yeah, I'll get a little aggressive again.
Apologies. My focus is split right now,
because I'm thinking about the trains.
Well, thank you for the 30 months, Peter Wiseman.
That's incredibly kind of you to support us
over these two-plus years now.
And Peter says,
Release Jeb from the El Salvador prison.
Is that where he fucking is?
That's wild!
But I wouldn't put it past Jeb to find his way into one.
I don't know who you're talking about, actually, so...
I'm actually very level-headed and...
pretty focused on the fundamentals of life,
so I don't really...
I don't really spend time on frivolities like that, personally.
Like, a friend being in a Salvador prison.
He's not my friend, is he?
What's your problem, man? I don't have one, actually.
Because I've actually retired from... full-time from making games.
So I've done releases for Roller Coaster Tycoon
and Locomotion.
My last original title, as I'm sure you're aware.
Locomotion? As I'm sure you're aware...
I don't know the game. Oh my God.
What'd you even ask me here to come talk to you? I didn't!
You showed up three times in a row!
You're getting bothered.
And I'm trying to just have a conversation here.
Listen, my last original title was Locomotion, as you know.
It was on both smartphones and modern PCs.
I also gave my blessing to RCT fans for their appreciation
in the games when they optimized my Roller Coaster Tycoon.
with quality of life improvements.
And that was fine by me.
Not that it needed improvements, but I understand people are busy.
We all got split-focused sometimes.
What is split-focused to you?
Well, it's when you're thinking about the past of carts and trains
and then other people are talking and then they want to distract you all the time.
You're busy, you're thinking about the future.
You're busy, you're thinking about the path of the trains
and the effect of why to route passengers to the trains.
And people are splitting your focus.
And we don't want that, but it's alright.
We let people know our focus is split.
We ask for their patience.
Great! Great! Good stuff, man! Really good!
Thanks.
Oh, you liked it. You liked me showing up three times?
I love that. I love that that happened. Really good stuff.
Alright then. So I should stay.
I'll sort of do whatever you want, alright?
I'm just saying, really good and that's all from me.
You should hear about the differences between Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and 2
because they are substantial.
I read your whole article about it. Really.
Really good. So any opinions on it you'd like to share?
Because this is for opinions, right?
If you read the article, I'm sure you have lots of things you'd like to share
about my points made, about the differences in that article that I wrote.
For Hype Beast Train 2025 Blunt Stack.co.uk
Yeah, obviously I read it at that website.
And I thought the simplicity of the original design was an incredible springboard
for the increased complexity of the second game
that still relied on the beautiful simplicity of the first.
Oh my god, you actually read it. Alright.
Very cool. Very cool, man.
My focus isn't quite as split because I'm really liking your focus.
You want to eat it tonight, yeah?
Always got to end up with someone trying to fuck me. What's up?
Hey, I just shit my pants. What the hell?
Oh, hey man, really? Oh, the secret is, I always smell terrible
because I live in a park.
So if I really want to scare someone away, I tell them I shit my pants
and then they finally associate my park smell with poop
and they have to run away.
Okay. There's still someone who wants to talk to me. Unbelievable.
Alright, you there. Oh man, what did I do? What did I do?
Honestly, what did I do?
Well, hello, I'm the park ranger.
Yeah, so there's this Chris Sawyer guy raging about roller coaster games.
So what should I do? Because I've been called.
Um, yeah, he's gone actually.
Well, maybe I should show him. Here's my thought.
Maybe I should show him Family Guy porn to calm him down.
Because some of it's undissurnerable as pornography.
Sure, Mr. Ranger.
Is that what you usually do? No, but what do you think about that idea?
And what characters do you think I should show?
Cleveland. Well, but Cleveland's got his own show.
How about Family Guy specific characters?
Don't all the characters from Family Guy show up in the Cleveland show?
Well, now it's clear that you don't watch the Cleveland show.
Or the modern seasons of Family Guy.
There's limited crossover at best. You'd be surprised.
So what Family Guy specific character should I show them?
The Lois?
Okay, a fellow fan.
I'm honestly not. That's just one of the main characters in the show.
No, you like Lois. I get that.
There's a reason these glasses are tinting.
Because it got way brighter in here when you said the name of Lois Griffin.
You know what I mean?
But who should she be with? Who's she in love with?
The wheelchair dad.
Oh, that's not a good name to call him.
No, but you're right about the character. They're the best matchup.
We're kindred spirits, man.
Because that's my favorite matchup.
So you want a tomato?
I shit my pants. I know.
I know. Oh, God, it didn't work.
It's unsettling now when your glasses go sunglass mode.
They're back. Is that better?
Okay, well, there's a...
Someone's...
Oh, someone just told me two squirrels fell out of a tree.
Fell out of a tree. Okay.
And they're fucking. Okay.
And they... One has red hair and one doesn't have working back legs.
Oh, I gotta go, actually.
Wow, red hair and a squirrel. How does that work?
Jesus. It's real gauntlet today.
Dodging tomatoes left and right.
I just shit my squirrels. That's what I... That would have been faster.
All right, that's all the time we have.
Send it back to case so that he can hit a button and end the stream.
And thank you all so much for your hot and fresh opinions.
And I guess thanks to Chris Sawyer for really enlightening me on a lot of facts I was unaware of
about the roller coaster tycoon franchise and his involvement in it.
I'm... I'm Tripp Bratstein. I'll always be on these streets, no matter how much they assault me with tomatoes.
And I'll always be here for your hot opinions. Bye-bye.
Woo, that'll do it.
Okay. You know, I always say I'm gonna rush.
And then I'm incapable of rushing.
Um...
Looks like...
Static Slater is playing BioShock.
That's just lovely.
Also, Ovelies on. Feel free to check out Ovelie for any Ovelie heads.
That'll do it for this week.
I'm incapable of Russians.
Of being Russian.
But also true.
Live is Lazy, thank you so much for the incredible modding work as always.
Thanks to Subrichi as well. Thank you all for all the support.
Thanks for hanging out despite my extremely limited streaming schedule.
I've been able to do Monday streams for about two weeks, but I'm hoping this Monday could be the ticket.
And also, I gotta get a Pope stream together.
But, Antara Stream is another thing that needs to happen.
I still don't quite have a handle on what a Hamtaro stream is.
So maybe I just need to say I'm...
Maybe I just need to say I'm doing it. We figured out as we go.
Maybe I'm setting the bar too high.
I feel like I need to make it an event somehow.
A Hamtaro event.
But maybe there just needs to be lots of hamsters.
Okay, either way, that'll do it for me.
I'll hopefully see you on Monday, usually starting around 3 or somewhere between 3 and 5.
And so hopefully I'll see you on Monday.
If not, I'll be here Wednesday and Friday.
Oh, play Hamtaro games!
That's probably the path of least resistance.
Interview hamsters. A lot of very strong and simple ideas here.
Okay, Pope Taro. Another good one.
It's a case raid.
Say hi to Static Slater for me.
And I'll see you guys soon. Bye bye.
Yeah!
Just checking things out here.
Just making sure everything's up to heart code.
What type of family guy...