I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Man, I wish my bagel would taste as good as my poops.
Not Casey's brother said I heard Trump was having an off event at the White House.
If I'd known I could do that, I would have had blue man group play.
Man, would that have kicked so much ass?
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do this.
I'm Papito.
There's no time for Casey's bullshit today.
We're out of time because you decided to stream so late in the day right before your little
Pissed Trion stream filled with piss and some guy named Trion.
Shit.
You don't have to start like that.
The big old beef and cheddar is here.
Let's just get right into it.
You got to say hi first.
Oh, hey.
Oh, to the people.
I actually like the viewers.
That's good.
That is good.
Good to see all Google trash.
Mighty eyes live in sleazy Matt Liddell propaganda KLD 815 Apple DApple.
Others I'm told the mighty eyes.
My God.
They're all here.
Everyone is here.
Good to see everybody must.
Oh my.
A psych war raid.
Psych war.
I hope you had a great stream.
Get ready for a real brief stream over here where it's just me doing dating advice.
Now we're supposed to do the news.
Fuck.
I almost tricked you.
You don't get another segment chat.
You don't get a dating segment.
Why not?
What did I ever do to not deserve more stuff?
That is one segment we could make eventually but 69 bits.
It is the kind of thing that people could donate during a dating advice segment.
I don't have any dating advice.
I've only dated a bit.
I always end up in long-term relationships.
Loser.
Loser.
That means you were successful at dating which doesn't sound believable to me.
I was more people but we were waiting for you and I got distracted with D&D talk.
We will take everyone we can get.
Ten minutes ago you've been crying on the toilet for ten minutes.
Well I'm not weeping anymore now that giggle trash.
This gives it a sub.
It needs a call in segment.
My plan is to adjust the conspiracy segment to be a call in segment.
As I try to pare down the number of segments that are super similar.
But I just got some other projects I've been working on so I haven't been able to make as many stream assets lately.
The only thing we write is training data for AI Rooney lately.
He's getting daily updates of more training data.
You know one thing I could do.
There's too many threads already but I'm tempted to make a thread where you guys can suggest what I'll call training data for AI Rooney.
And I'll let you decide what that means.
I'm curious what you guys would write.
The thing that we would need is written complaints for that type of thing.
But speaking of things in the Discord.
Barts.
Look at all of these barts that have already accumulated live in sleazy and name redacted by streamer mode.
I've really been doing all the legwork here.
But if you want to submit any barts at all.
I don't even know this is appreciated because these will work more easily as tattoos.
But I'm pretty sure that's you giggle trash.
You're redacted in streamer mode.
I'm sorry.
Well now you've destroyed them and see enemies.
An enemy.
An enemy horror.
They just did that themselves.
Right.
Anyway you can send us more barts if you want.
Those are good barts.
Those are great barts that have already been submitted.
If you don't want to go through the work of making these stencil style barts.
You can just post barts screenshots.
I think technically those will work too.
But I thought I might be able to order some like bulk barts Simpson temporary tattoos.
Somehow in my head I just assumed that that was a thing that exists poking around online.
I don't think that's a thing that exists actually.
I don't think you can just demand 50 bulk Bart Simpson temporary tattoos.
It actually seems like the ones that are available are from like Etsy and they're more expensive than just doing it yourself.
Which is all to say that I think we're going to just have to get 100 custom Bart Simpson tattoos.
You can find them.
I checked eBay and stuff.
A lot of them were stencils for people's actual Bart Simpson tattoos.
No 100 isn't a metaphor.
100 is what it's got to be psychore.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to disagree but it's got to be 100 barts.
Case and I are aligned on this.
We are aligned.
It does need to be 100 Bart Simpson tattoos.
I don't know if it'll be 100 unique Bart Simpson tattoos.
Though I find a website where you can order individual temporary tattoos and they're not that expensive.
I think I might be able to do 100 for somewhat close to $100 which is why I set the sub goal so high.
Because I thought it could end up being $200 which it might be.
But we'll see.
One of them should be a real tattoo and you don't know which.
Kendall would probably love that.
Though it would be bummed if my first tattoo was Bart Simpson spray painting we never stopped playing.
You just described the perfect first tattoo.
Can we get a henna artist to do a 100 day temporary tattoo of Bart?
Hire a hen tie artist?
No a henna tattoo artist.
But maybe they're also a hen tie artist.
That's possible.
You could probably get a bunch on one sheet.
That's what I was hoping for.
What happened Kendall?
Kendall washed one of the cat toys.
Now they're just going to have clean mouths.
Maybe.
Hello MSG, good to see you.
Oh it was the one with cat weed in it.
Now they've got wet detergent laced cat weed.
That sounds kind of sick.
That's a good twitch username.
You will clip for Bart Simpson tattoos?
Oh yeah what's up with this clip thing?
I haven't figured out the clip thing yet.
My plan is to put up a thousand dollars for people to attempt to make clip channels.
And basically something like every 50,000 views.
Cue me literally between all of the videos on your clip channel.
You will get I think a hundred bucks.
Meaning we would essentially be paying for math.
For math?
We would be paying for math.
We would be farming out for...
God what would that actually be?
Two million views?
Why am I so bad at math suddenly?
I'd be spending two hundred dollars
for every hundred thousand views.
So five hundred thousand views.
I'd be making everyone into freelancers for a thousand dollars.
But the thing is they'd have to prove
that they got...
I don't know if any of these will ever get.
Anyone can get 50,000 views out of a clip of me.
Technically you could get it on one swipe
if something did like a million views.
You could absolutely put it on your resume.
Though you might only be able to apply to do clip farming
for various other tiktokers with that particular piece of resume.
Who knows? You can really lie your way into pretty much any job.
Not that I've done that.
You know about those...
Anyway, I'll make another bar for it.
We'll try to launch it in the next week or two.
And then I'll officially let you guys know.
My initial thought was...
I know who's doing it.
But I think honestly, all it would really take is
if anybody wants to do it, you just have to send me proof
that your clip did numbers or clips or channel did numbers on social media.
And then you get paid out.
Is this remotely worth people's time? Probably not.
That's one option if anybody wants to take it.
It'll be a floating bounty that anyone can grab.
My only caveat is if you make me look really bad in the clip,
then I'll be sad about it.
That's your caveat, then I will be sad about it
if that's how the clip makes me look.
If you do a hype at it to make me seem like a total monster.
$10.83 for a Timu thermal tattoo printer?
$10.83? Is that safe?
Is it going on my skin?
Your skin's worth about $10.83.
Dollars total? Maybe.
I thought we were getting into the news
and that's why we started so harshly.
Nothing ever goes fast around here.
I'm going to start clipping when I've done this class.
I can see the end of the rainbow from here.
Congratulations on the end of the class.
But anyway, I'll figure out...
I might adjust the math slightly.
I need to bust out a calculator
and determine what's...
I want to do a semi-fair market rate
for whatever clip farmers actually get paid.
I have to look into how much clip farmers get paid.
The reason I'm interested in this
is I want to include it in my
incredibly long-taking egg toilet video,
which hopefully once I finish this one
I can make them in a little under a year
because that's not going to be the most successful
YouTube regimen.
So Richie says I have a $50 tattoo printer
that works great.
The technology has gotten so cheap it's crazy.
Okay, if you've done it and it's safe
then let's just search tattoo printer really quick.
The three best tattoo printers of 2026.
There's a $32 one from Target.
Maybe I should go above $10 just to be safe.
I guess if I'm going to spend $100
to get custom ones,
why not just have the option
to make infinite temporary tattoos?
Then I can give them as little party favors.
Although then I do have to take the time
to print out 100 tattoos.
You know what? I don't want to do that.
I think I will go with the website.
How much is it?
Let's just figure it out.
I'll do the math really quick.
I thought we were in a hurry.
We're never actually in a hurry.
It's tempting.
It's tempting but it'll be such a long project.
Well, you know what?
I have to upload 100 Bart Simpson pictures.
I guess it's more of a project than I thought either way.
Custom tattoo printer website.
Temporary tattoos sticker you.
These were the instantly sponsored results from Google.
Let's see what their pricing is like.
Temporary tattoos.
Custom temporary tattoo pages.
Custom temporary tattoo singles.
One tattoo is $15 on this website.
That's not going to work.
That is way too much.
I cannot spend $15 on 100 Bart Simpson tattoos each.
That's over $15,000.
You've gotten worse at math.
How much is it then, Chet?
$6.00.
It'll be $1,500.
I don't know.
Anyway, look.
The prices are not very reasonable now.
You get a discount when you get 200 tattoos.
You could just get 100 of the same Bart Simpson tattoo for $83.
And yet, that won't do.
Unless 100 tattoos, you can upload 100 individual tattoos.
I don't think that's the case.
That's half of a ballroom, yeah?
Tell me the price in temporary tattoos.
Is that your Emperor Palpatine you were just doing?
Yeah, more or less.
This other site...
Oh, wait.
No, that's the site for temporary tattoo printers,
which we might have to go with looking at these prices.
Looking at these prices might be the only option.
Custom temporary tattoos from temporarytattoos.com, however.
Oh, my God.
Why?
Other prices are so hidden here.
Design your custom tattoo.
Semi-permanent black line only.
Okay.
That would be $27.
What?
How come the Matt Liddell...
I swear, I only spent $10 on the Matt Liddell one,
and I got 10 of them.
Oh, wait.
Maybe it was $25.
Still.
Oh, wait.
That would be...
Okay, that'd be $250 each.
That's also a little prohibitively expensive.
Shout as usual, you're right.
I think we might have to make it ourselves.
This might have to be a little bit of a weekend project for me.
It's all worth it to have 100 Bart's temporarily on both of your arms.
Cheaper to get it all printed on a sheet and then cut yourself.
I'll do this.
I'll do some research off-stream.
You don't want die-cut temp tattoos.
What does die-cut mean?
You die.
If you die in the tattoo, you die for real.
I better be careful then.
All right, whatever.
Let's do a little bit of chat news.
Let's do this AI Rooney segment, and then we'll play...
I have no idea what this game is.
Metal Gear Ghost Babble.
Is that like another one of those dating simulator games?
Um...
Oh, it's a Game Boy game.
It's called Ghost Babble?
You're not familiar with all of Hideo Hideo's work?
Was he involved even in the Game Boy Advance game?
Die-cut equals individually cut.
Okay, so I want a sheet.
Maybe I can get a sheet of 100 Bart's
and it'll only be...
If it's like 150 bucks, I might just do it.
Because technically, the sub will pay for it.
If I get like, what, three bucks per sub,
then I guess technically I could spend $600.
And that covers it.
But then we have to factor in taxes
and I gotta give my agent 2200%.
Do you have an agent?
No, but I'm just setting it aside in case I ever get one.
$65 for 102x2 at Sticker U.
Sticker U, but can I get them individually?
Can I get 100 different tattoos?
We could also do like 10 tattoos.
Like 10 of the same tattoos, 10 times.
100 tattoos, but only 10 of them are unique.
That seems kind of lame to me.
I'd rather do 100 unique Bart Simpson tattoos.
But Hideo could be my agent.
But currently, I don't think that he is.
Currently, he is a mountain.
Currently, he is a mossy mountain.
I guess that's my producer today.
Sorry, I brought my mountain over.
You have a full mountain?
That seems crazy.
It is crazy.
We all go crazy sometimes.
You know, some things on this stream are not working properly today.
Believe it or not.
Anyway, Chad, get on those Bart Simpson custom tattoos
or Bart Simpson preference tattoos.
Just let me know.
Otherwise, dealer's choice.
Who knows what kind of Bart's all come up with.
I'm gonna come up with 100 Bart Simpson tattoos.
I might have to Google 100 images of Bart.
Which I'm not dying to do.
Anyway, whatever.
News time.
Oh, yeah.
We do the news here.
It might not look like it, but we do actually do the news.
The US votes for a measure that would end the Iran war
in blow to Trump.
Oh, it's over again.
We've ended the war again.
We're on our sixth ending of the war this week.
And this one's gonna stick.
Assuming the Senate also has to vote on it.
And then I'm assuming Trump would have to listen to any of this.
And then I'm assuming we would also need Israel's permission
to do it for some reason.
But it's over.
My point is it's over.
USA already in the Middle East.
It was the latest setback to Trump in Congress
despite his party's slim majorities
in both the House and the Senute.
For now, the vote is largely symbolic
as legislation must pass the Senate as well.
And as the House to become effective,
it's gotta pass the Senate in the House.
That was correct.
I know so much about government.
Yeah, we're good here.
We do our jobs here.
The vote nonetheless reflects unease among some Republicans
up to four of which actually flipped on his ass for this one.
Well, I mean, in other news,
supposedly there's a ceasefire in between Lebanon and Israel.
Again, ceasefires when it comes to the United States and Israel,
not the most trustworthy things.
I believe there were still bombings in Lebanon by Israel this morning.
But I think the news as far as I see
is more and more recent on the ceasefire.
So hopefully they've stopped bombing them
if there's a ceasefire.
But the track record would suggest that's not a thing.
Israel or the U.S. really cares that much about the ceasefires that is.
But we do, we fire less.
It's, ceasefire is a goal.
And you got to work towards your goals.
Lebanon and Israel have agreed to the implementation of a ceasefire
according to a joint statement with the United States
released by the State Department of Wednesdays.
Oops, the State Department on Wednesday.
Wouldn't that be fun though if they were Department of Wednesdays?
You can't justify everything that you read incorrectly that way.
I'm not. I think it'd be cool to have a Department of Wednesdays.
What if it was like the show and the month of the day?
Is Wednesday not a month?
Look, I know it's a Netflix show. It's a day of the week show.
Right.
Anyway, the Reuters Iran Briefing newsletter, that's an ad.
Israel invaded Lebanon in March in pursuit of Hezbollah,
which fired across the border in support of Tehran.
Iran has said it will not agree to a deal
to end the conflict the United States and Israel
launched in late February unless a ceasefire also covers Lebanon.
Lebanon and Israel agreed to further direct negotiations
to build confidence and resolve other outstanding issues.
I can imagine one of those outstanding issues will be
Israel has essentially claimed hundreds of miles
of territory in Lebanon and established a new yellow line,
which I assume means they're just planning to basically
colonize the territory that they took by bombing this country.
Much like in the case of the United States,
ceasefires with Iran, I hope.
I hope there's as little killing globally as possible,
but it just doesn't seem like there's much room
for amicable resolutions currently in a lot of these situations
because the interests are butting heads too directly.
Granted, the United States is putting a gun to its head
and just repeatedly pulling the trigger,
so at some point we have to allow commerce to happen again
or eventually there has to be consequences.
That's what you keep saying,
but I've never felt a consequence in my life.
That's probably a bad sign.
No, that can last forever.
Forever no consequences, forever, case.
America.
That's what it means to be American.
Whatever Americans are feeling consequences,
I think this is you aren't, Chet.
Oh, because I can afford so much gas
because my dad owns an oil field.
You think that's why?
Just because you got to get discount gas
because my dad owns so much gas?
Your dad owns an oil field?
It's one of the things he does,
but apparently I can't have problems.
You just said you don't have problems.
This is the most unfair conversation we've ever had.
Ask Chet GPT to solve it.
Good call.
We'll get right on that.
In other news, primary results case from your very state.
You're in the state as well.
Oh, shit.
Sometimes I like to think I was still in Texas,
but I guess I'm technically here
in the Golden State of Minnesota.
We're in Los Angeles.
What's wrong with you, Chet?
Nothing.
Primary results from Tuesday's elections.
Adam Hamelway.
He's got a hamel-
he's got a hamelway with words.
Maybe I hit my head, I don't know.
Former U.S. Army combat surgeon
endorsed by Representative AOC,
Miss Cortez,
won the Democratic primary in New Jersey's 12th district.
Okay.
Oh, these are for the whole country,
not just for where we live.
Los Angeles, Chet.
That's where you live.
Right.
California's highly contested gubernatorial election
remains uncalled.
As of Wednesday morning, only 60% have been counted.
Republican pundit Steve Hilton leads all candidates
with 27.8% of the vote,
closely followed by Democratic congressman
Javier Bakara
at 25.4%.
Tom Steyer, a billionaire
running on a progressive platform
of challenging the state's utility monopolies,
has also gained an advocate
for single-payer health systems,
has generated 19.6% of the vote,
with only 60% counted.
Javier Bardem, we wish.
At least then we'd get a
pro-Palestinian candidate on the ticket.
And then in Los Angeles, Karen Bass
has guaranteed herself a spot
in the race for the mayorship
of this beautiful city,
with Spencer Pratt
currently in second place.
But Nithy Raman could
catch up, but she's behind by eight points.
I'm beginning to suspect we'll probably get
the thing that I was not looking forward to,
which is several months
of Spencer Pratt
campaigning against Karen Bass.
Two really horrible options,
but one obviously way worse than the other.
Well, if it's so obvious case,
then how come I don't know which person you mean
is obviously worse?
Because, Chet,
I think you're part of the section of the country
whose brains have melted.
And yours hasn't?
Mine melted in a more specific way,
where I can still tell that Spencer Pratt
being in office is fucking ridiculous.
You sound pretty whiny.
I don't vote for Spencer Pratt.
I mean, it's, I mean, then something
that makes you not vote for Spencer Pratt.
I don't know.
They got some good points about how
other people suck.
And I do like that.
Nithy, it was done by 11 points yesterday at something.
I hope, I hope that, I mean, they're not,
it's not called for a reason.
It's possible she could make up the ground.
We'll see.
I don't want to mention anything.
I feel like if I make any predictions,
then the opposite will happen.
So I don't want to put my psychic thumb on the scale.
Pratt getting so many votes is insanity.
Again, I think if it's a runoff between
Karen Bass and Spencer Pratt,
and based on no polls or anything,
based on vibes,
case Blackwell vibe reads,
something tells me he's just going to win.
You're calling it for Spencer Pratt.
I think if it's between
Spencer Pratt, I think he's going to win.
That is my prediction,
because it is so embarrassing
and fucking stupid that I just
assume it'll happen, based on
current trends of that being, I guess,
how reality works.
But I've also read,
and I've heard other people that actually
follow politics on a more,
I don't know,
based on actual polls
and understanding and not just
watching YouTube videos or whatever,
that he doesn't really stand a chance against Karen Bass.
That does make sense to me.
I mean,
but up 26% of these primary vote
or what, not 26%,
somewhere around 20% of primary voters
were willing to vote for Spencer Pratt
and that is a bad enough sign already.
Yeah, but it's house burned down.
Have you no heart?
A lot of Los Angeles
residents had houses burned down
and that's bad.
It doesn't mean that you should
be mayor of the whole city.
So you want to mayor the city whose house
didn't burn down.
Typical case.
I just don't want Spencer Pratt as mayor
and this is why you will lose.
And this is why I've become pro Spencer Pratt.
Play the National Anthem.
How come that's the only sound we have access to
when I hit that button?
That button only plays that song.
National Anthem.
This isn't voice activated.
Fine, I'll go with it.
Spencer Pratt, you have my shield.
And my sword.
And also I'm a dwarf
from the Lord of the Rings.
Just let it happen, case?
Not that I can do about it.
I mean, I wasn't even excited to vote for Nithya Raman.
She's got plenty of things
about her that I disagree with
but I slapped down the vote
in the hopes that
at least I wouldn't have to listen to Spencer Pratt campaign
still for mayor
and then probably be my mayor
if my prediction holds.
But we'll see.
Case hates everything Blackwell?
I'm not even allowed to hate Spencer Pratt
but you hate everything.
So hear the boy who cried hate.
If there wasn't all this hate in your heart,
Spencer Pratt wouldn't be mayor.
Well, he's not mayor yet.
God, I would be tempted to
doorknock for Karen Bass
just to keep Spencer Pratt from being
the mayor of the city I live in.
But I don't know, maybe I
I mean, I don't hate Spencer Pratt
more than Trump, but they are
in a similar layer of embarrassment for me.
I'm just like, come on, we gotta draw the line somewhere.
Can't we just draw it a couple paces
ahead of Spencer Pratt?
You're saying Trump is better than Spencer Pratt?
I think Trump is more damaging than Spencer Pratt, honestly.
But
I think the willingness
to vote for Spencer Pratt
is somehow a layer even below
the willingness to vote for Donald Trump.
I do think if you live in Los Angeles
and you were willing to vote for Spencer Pratt
we might need to
institute reeducation camps.
I'm not usually in favor of that, but
I think we gotta go full dictator mode.
We need a charismatic dictator
that's not Spencer Pratt
to reeducate us.
Spencer Pratt promises 12 plastic eggs in every toilet.
Okay, fine, never mind, I take it all back.
He's got my vote.
Okay, let's click on a little bit of chat news
and then let's get out of here for the day.
I
see
a picture of
a trunk full of toys.
Not the type that
usually I'm talking about, but
I see that, I click on it.
A ferret? Ferret news?
Oh, that's a weasel, actually.
Okay.
And something about a Christian man,
I'm just letting you, I'm giving you guys a preview
of the headlines here.
So, cases voting for Gavin in the
2028 election.
You know, I voted for Gamala Harris
just to vote against Trump.
Currently it seems like
somehow the 2028
election could still involve Trump.
Either through a surrogate
Vladimir Putin style
or he'll just run again himself
because
we have spineless representatives
from top to bottom in this country.
We'll see.
You know, I don't want to get to on my doomer predictions.
I'm going to throw it, you know, and I'm going to say actually
the thing is, if I'm like, well,
Karen Bass is going to win. That is better
than Spencer Pratt winning, but that's also really depressing.
So, if I have to vote for
fucking Javier Bacara and
Karen Bass in the
actual election itself,
that's some unpleasant stuff.
For old Case Blackwell.
But that's the beauty
of being a harm reduction voter.
We've reduced all the harm to near zero.
Case can run
when LA via SimCity tech
might do about as well.
And here's some new tech for you.
Uber lost and found.
An index includes breast milk
and ankle monitors.
Like I lost and found for everything
ever lost in an Uber.
Whoa.
Talk about a hell portal, damn.
Rideshare service. Oh my gosh.
Miss Ovali Mae.
Hope you had a beautiful stream.
I'm, of course,
Chet Manscape, the main guy on this stream.
Who looks like this.
It is my stream.
I'm Case Blackwell. Thank you for the raid, Ovali.
I hope you had a good one.
And Chet
is just a correspondent on the stream.
And the main guy.
With the best face.
With a human normal face.
You shouldn't have to say that
if that's directly obvious.
She didn't have a good stream?
Thank you. Thank you, Ovali.
Finally, some support for my face.
Not the best hands. I do have wavy hand syndrome.
Oh God.
I was in an industrial grade
football accident.
And unfortunately now I have the waviest hands.
Well, if you had a bad stream, Ovali, then I'm
glad that it's over for you.
Say it like that.
Super weird game with a super weird ending.
At the end of this stream, I'm
not just doing the news, actually.
I'm supposed to play Metal Gear Solid.
Tower of Babel?
No, it's Babel Ghost.
Wait, what is it?
Metal Gear Solid, something-something Babel.
It's effects got Babel in the name.
It's very funny to me.
Metal Gear Ghost Babel.
I was actually, I was right.
Was that the final boss in Star Fox?
Andre 3000?
Andross.
Oh.
Andre 3000 is a...
No, it was Andross.
I mean, I'll do it.
If I just need fucked up hands and a huge face,
I am down.
Becoming guest correspondent.
It is a really easy process.
Well, I'm sorry that the game was weird.
But, uh,
you saw it through.
It's the important thing to say after every stream, Ovali.
I did that.
You say that to yourself?
After every stream, I stand up from my
very important news desk and I say
that's not your catchphrase.
Andross 3000.
Yeah, but now instead of attacking Star Fox,
he just plays the flute.
Oh.
Whoa.
Whoa.
We're brew off just Mama Jam 500 shiny
tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this.
What's that, Mr. President?
And she
And she
And she
And she
And she
And she
What the hell?
Oh my god.
The timing there.
What a day.
What a day.
Well, well, well.
If it isn't the hype train yet again.
If it isn't the hype train yet again.
Well, we were going to read some news.
Well, we were going to read some news.
Which we will do one of these days, I swear.
We're going to have so little time to play.
We have to do Metal Gear Solid tomorrow.
In case you've got 30 full minutes to do all this stuff.
In case you've got 30 full minutes to do all this stuff.
Honestly, Silent Biden was kind of just as good.
I'm in favor of Silent Biden.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey.
What's up with your voice?
Nothing is up with my voice.
Great.
Oh, sorry.
I always think tomorrow is the next dream in my brain.
But it would be Friday.
I got some work I got to do tomorrow.
I don't believe you.
Hype train, I have a job.
So do I.
Get me a job type beat.
I'll tell you about my job.
You can just tell me about your job hype train.
You don't have to rap everything.
Maybe I'll do spoken word over the job type beat.
What if
It gave me a jid type beat.
Is that close enough?
I'm the hype train.
I think that's clear.
I don't know.
Sometimes I'm not sure if people really get that I'm the hype train.
It says it for so long and then this is in the corner.
I don't know.
You can do a little more work to make that clear.
It's too chill.
This isn't a work type beat.
Work isn't as chill.
This beat is called bank job.
That's the type of job.
Is that a thing in a bank?
Yeah.
See they're doing bank work.
This is...
We got a lot of pre-amble type beat in it.
It's a pre-amble type beat.
This is too chill as well.
All these beats are too chill.
I can't work to this.
This beat is just called job.
It's an Eminem time slim shady type beat.
Eminem's ex slim shady type beat?
Oh my god, they multiply them together.
Who knows the level of rap beat they're creating
with that type of mass?
Yeah, not enough hype there for me.
I got a new job and I'm eating dog shit.
New job, busy dog shit.
Case that you heard about this.
I eat all of the human dog shit.
Human dog shit.
Yeah, that's right.
When a human takes dogs for a walk
and they don't have time to stop
and the human lets a shit go plot, that's a human dog shit.
And I'm eating it.
What?
I'm eating that shit.
No.
Eating human dog shit.
Because when a human takes a shit on a dog walk
and all the fun don't stop, put it in my mouth
and let the beat drop.
I'm eating all the slop, which is human shit.
Giving on a dog walk, you get it, bitch.
What?
I don't think you just talk about eating human shit on Twitch.
That's where you're wrong.
That's the point of every Twitch song.
Let's get it, I don't eat your more dog shit.
Dipping for a walk, but I slipped.
I face planted on the shit and now I'm eating it.
And that's my job, so it actually worked out well.
Whip, whip, whip, whip, whip.
What?
Whip, whip, whip, whip, whip.
Got it in the whip that I bought from dog shit.
Because you know that I have been eating it.
Woo!
Oh my God, you just want to rhyme it with shit.
Incorrect.
You don't get it yet.
I'm eating dog shit because I'm the best.
It's a new job everybody wants
but nobody really knows how to talk
when they're eating dog shit.
Nah, stop eating dog shit all around the clock.
This is the type of shit that I'm in
and there's some shit he raps about.
And I'm the hype train, so you never had any doubt
that I'm gonna rap about you.
You mix it all for the clout.
For the clout.
That's great.
Can you thank the subs?
This is Jack.
This is a trash desk.
And I'm a jam of $300.
What's that, Mr. President?
I've been dying to say this.
Hype train today.
Here's my train tomorrow.
Hype train forever.
May the train be of your favor.
I'd like to point out that we got a raid
from one of our friends very generously
and immediately started talking about eating shit.
That's correct.
I gotta give a bunch of s**t
because I gotta catch these chicks.
Tell it, Mark.
A piece of human s**t
that I was not eating yet.
But let's talk about this.
Yeah, you know I'm wearing fur
because I'm cold just like my girl scummer.
Or maybe God, I don't know
but a hundred bits flow
with a mushy on ya, baby.
Let's f**king go.
Do go trash.
With the 300 blasts
you know that you're eating that ass
but I actually eat dog s**t
so if I see ass then I have to pass.
Okay, Apple WS facility
to snap out with a hundred bits
and I bet that because it's never a hassle.
Gotta go that one out fast.
But it's proud.
A hundred bits with no doubt.
Giggle trash, five subs they gave them all.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Reverie wolf popped it off
with five hundred bits
and the stepper belongs
because another wolf
and they're howlin'
like a boss at the moon, baby boo.
Let's pop out.
Howl at the moon.
Hype train, I don't grow.
I dry ass like a bassoon
but I mostly eat s**t before noon
dog war time.
You're just all s**t and piss.
And hype.
Okay, well thank you, hype train.
And now you're done.
Nope.
What else is there to say?
You've already scared everyone off
by talking about eating human s**t.
Oh, human dog s**t.
That's so tree-fucking.
Yeah?
Yeah, I know about that too.
I know a lot of s**t.
Did you know that?
Did you know that?
What?
Did you know that?
No, I don't care what you know.
Did you know that?
If you play tennis,
what you've got really long balls
that you can actually step on
your balls while you play tennis?
Did you know that?
I guess technique,
they were super long.
Let's say some more stuff
that you don't know.
Did you know that?
If you wake up at 2 a.m.
and stick your tongue
in a bunch of battery acid,
that you will gain the power
of powder from that one movie.
I know.
Did you know that?
If you bones with an oboe,
then you can blow into your thumb
and play the oboe.
Live today?
Forever, man.
Because I am in the zone.
I've been took in on my thumb.
Should I say oboe?
Now the whole world wants to oboe.
Because I got them so turned on
with my bassoon music.
Every time I'm in the symphony,
the old ladies lose it.
They're like that man
with the woodwind cartilage.
He's so hot, baby.
How can I fucking live?
But I just play Beethoven
and a little bit of other stuff.
And then the police
are like, I can't get enough.
They stand in a plow.
They're like, you're a bassoon god.
And I'm like, all my bones
are a woodwind.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Congratulations on that.
That's my second job.
You want to hear about my first job?
You told us.
Yeah, I guess I did mention that.
I guess I did mention that.
You know, most rappers just rap
about how they're the best.
That's what I'm doing.
And sex.
That's also what I'm doing.
They don't have rap about eating shit
and playing their oboes.
I can't help it if I was born different.
Every time that I get a bone checkup
the doctors like, listen,
I was trying to check the heartbeat
of your bones,
but now I'm hearing some sick obo tones.
Why would they check the heartbeat of your bones?
That's what trained doctors do.
They check out the metal
and see what noises come through.
You have to remember
case that I'm simply not the same.
The fact is the matter is
I was born as a fucking train soul.
I can't help it if I'm born different.
Every time I put my thumb up to my mouth
they listen,
because I've been playing all the dulcetones.
I can't help it if I was born with oboes
and now I'm hitting all the ladies
in their ozone.
They get hearing me
and they can't help with oboes.
And also the guys too,
I don't differentiate, dude.
I'm making them nut at the symphony.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
And that's the noises that I do.
Dropping all these oens bones
at the symphony, dude.
What's the best flavor?
We don't deserve raids.
Matt Liddell was the winner.
I didn't even see the poll in time.
Oh, what's the best flavor for human talk shit?
There's really no one to blame by yourself
for all of this case.
Yeah, I guess that's technically true.
I'm a pure technicality
We didn't get anything you done today
We didn't even cover the chat news
We're gonna just have to do a big fat Friday stream a sick thick Friday stream
Did I train even thank the remaining subs the giggle trash in case you missed it? Thank you for the hundred bits
Thank you for the gigantify emote
Giggle trash and Skymer. Thank you for the hundred. I think those were the line. I think I guess he did get them
He does his job case. You don't have to be so hard on him. He's working several jobs clearly
24 hour stream confirmed
Someday wait till I lose my mind a little bit more. Just let me lose it a little bit more
Okay, wait speedrun the stories we clicked on then we'll do a
AI Rooney to close out the stream
Oh boy, and then we'll we'll move on to the patreon. We will play we will play
Tower of Metal Bay up Babel tomorrow
It's Babel ghost
Babel ghost protocol. It's so close to bubble ghost. Is it like bubble ghost? Is it your solid snake?
But you're blowing bubbles around promises promises. I apologize. I would prefer to do the
Segment redemptions on the same stream. They're done
But sometimes you have to wrap about eating human dog shit and playing your oboans for 10 minutes
Sometimes that's what has to happen
It's ghost Babel
It should be Babel ghost then I would have been tricked into playing it already
Why do you like that game so much? I can't help it if it's a masterpiece
20 screens of pure bubble fury
Anyway uber lost and found the 10 most unique items in the 10th uber lost and found index include dentures with only two teeth
breast milk human hair and a Donnie Osmond group picture as well as an ankle monitor for 20 donuts George Washington Hospital discharge papers a sack of
Marbles an oxygen tank and goldmouth grills
Man only like two of those are that weird. Oh, whatever. What have you ever lost in an uber? That's so cool
Probably the respect of the driver by loudly talking on the phone about embarrassing sketch comedy content
And that is not very cool
New York Village to vote for mayor with a blank ballat
Wait, what a village on New York's Long Island is facing. Hey, highly unusual mayoral election after no candidates
Registered to run for office
What exactly is a 420 donut that is a good?
Question also guys check this out. I went to type and I was reminded that I got a shiny new
In studio keyboard. I actually didn't realize it lights up
But I'm still a gamer now. I thought it was gonna just be
Brown and black
It came quick
Sorry
Okay
Wait, was I gonna look up 420 donuts? I got so distracted by my shiny new keyboard if you hear slightly different typing noises
That's cuz it's new
I
Don't know what a 420 donut is. It's not immediately clear from googling it. I
'd assume just a
Donut
There's various results here for donuts donut shops at a 420 address
Just weed in the shape of a donut
That's kind of cool at least
It's very cool
Christian man sues employer for forcing him to see a pride flag on his way into work
Just on the way
I have long said employers should control every aspect of your day from the moment you wake up
So i'm glad this man is suing
Uh a conservative christian man is suing los angeles county and the la department of public works
Wait, he's in la and he didn't think he'd ever see a pride flag
I guess so
In pride month in la
He's really got a lot of faith in his boss department of public works employee eric batman
His name is eric batman
He's nowhere in a hockey mask
Yeah, he's gonna have to just wear a full-on face mask to hide who he is through this embarrassing ass decision
He claims that having to see a progress pride flag flying outside the departments of alombra california headquarters during the month of june
Effectively forces him to celebrate recognize and solemnize conduct across
Uh conduct and actions that he views as sin
Okay in conflict with sincerely help christian religious values
As the complaint notes batman
Has worked for the department for 24 years
And it's a lombra headquarters since 2003
That'd be kind of sick if bruce wane wasn't the son of a billionaire
He was just a bored ass municipal worker who was really homophobic
We don't get to choose our hero's case
in
The reality we exist in batman is a homophobic municipal worker
But maybe he's the hero this city needs. Well, maybe maybe that's spencer pratt's
Batman he's going out pretending to be a municipal worker
Why does that make me think eric hartman is batman?
Maybe he's a little guy with a blue hat
Uh, well, hey best of luck with not seeing a pride flag anywhere in los angeles in june
It does make me kind of happy that this guy must just be in a psychic prison every time he walks outside, but
Okay, that's always living his life. And this is how this guy is living his life
A little palate cleanser for you before you have to listen to ai rooney
It's a weasel
The next time you say you were called a weasel picture this
And you'll feel better
He's he's weak, but he's strong enough to just jam on this milk
That's the power you lose eventually is to just
Drink from the back of your throat
What's that shut I just mean only little only little tiny creatures can do this look up fucking
He's just blasting that thing directly into his stomach
be right back milking my weasel
Do what you gotta do hui
These cute animal videos were the exact thing the stream needed new segment win
Yeah, we can have uh, we can give scrum a segment where he looks at cute animal videos
We don't have to poison everything shut. Yes, we do. That is what we're here for
Rappable eating human shit and occasionally watch cute videos
Okay, well look I've worked to do. Oh, yeah, you are the guy in the
You're the ai rooney guy. That's right. It's my project case
Little credit where it's due. I'm the visionary behind this project
And there is no time to do anything other than launch it right the fuck now
Don't adjust those tv sets because soon they will be obsolete as all things are consumed by ai rooney
There are a lot of no-nothing fools who don't appreciate the modern
Oh, I guess chat isn't here I guess I ran in here first
Hey, whoa chat. I'm kidding. Oh god chat. Don't
I'm kidding chat. Don't do anything. You'll regret
Oh, yeah, chat's entering from off camera. Okay, I'm back. I kicked the case's ass
It's just that easy for me
Uh, okay
one second guys
Oh, these are comments. He's not launched yet. I have to fire up the I have to fire up the full advanced rooney model
Do you notice any jitter in reality? It's because it consumes a lot of
The very essence that the universe runs on to boot up ai rooney
We'll run out of universal juice probably in about a thousand years
But we're gonna have a thousand years of hyper development. So it's all worth it
And then reality will collapse in on itself because of the amount of energy that ai rooney consumes
psychically
Anyway, he's ready to go. Tell us what the hell is up
Exclamation point rr is now active submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world with exclamation point rr
Hell, yeah
Well, that's happening. You know, this is the type of the type of the time on the stream where we just chill out
We just max and relax because we're getting so much time back. That's how efficient ai is
That I can just honestly take my hands off the wheel
Just let it all happen
And also read these comments hate sock loves cute animal videos new segment
I'm in favor of it. But case is notoriously against making new segments. Why do people want to mix oral with anal nowadays?
um, I was not aware
that that was a
rising trend
Bruni, is that a thing you're gonna talk about?
Because that sounds like the kind of thing you would do based on the things you've talked about before
Anyway
I mean, I literally my point is I literally don't have to do anything
The entertainment will just create itself. That's the future
Is me just sitting here twiddling my thumbs?
Because eventually this process is going to be so smooth. It won't take an awkward five minutes of time to generate 10
poorly reasoned complaints. It'll happen instantaneously
and he won't
Get stuck on number four for some reason. What the hell was is number four Bruni
He's really thought that one through whatever it is
We've been at four for it. We were at four for
About two minutes there
But five he went through like butter
Smooth as butter some of these thoughts really get caught in the volumes of ai runes
infinite mindscape
So whenever we get to whatever number four was just know he really thought about that one
And that's why we love you rune. That's why we experience the emotion of human love
for this robot
That's that will have that with enough technology will legally be andy rune will remove the ai from his name
And then I will own a human
Wait, I take that that sounded wrong. I meant
In a cool tech way cool tech way is what I meant
Yeah, he takes his job very seriously
Which there is short supply of on this stream. It's just me and rune. We're the only real ones that actually
We don't need to joke everything out. Okay
Some of us actually focus
The task at hand for instance, he's focused really hard on number eight right now
He's been thinking about number eight
Much more than numbers five through seven
It seems like roughly every four of these he
Really takes his time on it and he's doing that right now. We got another comment though
Who else has spent too many channel points?
Case has created a brutal channel points of comedy economy for a guy who claims to be a socialist or whatever. He's
not
Being fair with the the economy that he has created on his very own channel
All right, rune. You seem good to go. Let's lock in
It's fine. This is a feature
It's just overclocking his gpu's. He's got 1700 of them in a different room that he's connected to
And they do consume the electricity of three small countries
But you're gonna see why that's all worth it
I had to purchase a lake to make this happen and it is nearly drained
But it's all gonna be worth it for whatever you've got to say rune. Take it away, baby
Complain integrated gears ground. Mm-hmm
You know, it really grinds my gears. Why do we need scissors to open scissors?
Holy shit. That's a good point ray silva
Runes over ex-t9 got me thinking
Hell no, what kind of sick joke is that my own cream meds for the bug herpesores only come in diet skim milk flavor these days
Which absolutely sucks compared to all the fun flavors like spicy lime horchata used to have before
It's just a fucking shame because now opening scissors with scissors is the least of my problems
Since nobody will ever be interested in buying boring white stuff over something with actual flavor and spice
He did include the scissor thing. It was in there. I just want to point that out
The thing is ai does hallucinate 99% of the time. I believe that's the most recent figure
So you're really after that 1%
And i'm just saying ai runes a 1%
Complain integrated gears ground. Um giggle trash says back in my day
We didn't need cute animal videos to make us feel like we don't need mcdonald's hamburgers 24-7 to just feel a rush
A complicated thought but he's just got me thinking okay back in my day
We didn't need cute animal videos to make us feel like we don't need mcdonald's hamburgers 24-7 just to feel a rush
What the hell is wrong with you people? You think i'm talking about some melancholy art photography when I see empty black and white bed shots
It's not fucking empty. It's a goddamn invitation. You dumbasses a bare mattress
Sheets all rumpled like they're waiting for someone to collapse right into them. What the hell do you want me to tell you?
That ain't no art. That's my kind of horny and I hung it up proud as hell
I'm so confused. He was southern. He was complaining about
bed sheets
What it was a complicated thought and he didn't get to it that time at all
That one was all hallucination Rooney
Come on man gears ground
Propaganda underscore v2 got me thinking well quick wait. I forgot what I was complaining about
My brain is empty. You son of a bitch. Is that one of the ones you thought about for so long? You just gave up
It was a perfectly valid complaint too back in my day only celebrities ate human shit
Oh, it's because it was eating probably about eating human shit. Maybe it's tripped something
Although it shouldn't now trains are doing it too. Michael j fox is the only man. I know that can eat shit like a champ
Was that too spicy for you? You talk about worse things. I'm so confused
We'll try to run it back
I'll I'll re-implement that complaint at a later date apologies propaganda. It's unfair plain integrated
gears ground
Live in sleazy got me thinking. Oh wait. I forgot what I was complaining about. You fucker. How many did he do this for? My brain is empty
Oh, wow. I'm deeply disappointed in you air Rooney
I didn't know I could be this disappointed in a thing that the courts refused to declare human
Hmm, okay, let me just let me just double check because we might have to run some of these back if he just fully broke
which he might have
He does do that from time to time
Uh, yes
Okay, it looks like the rest
he did do
So apologies to live in sleazy propaganda
We'll get it. We'll get him back sometime. We'll get you back
Yeah, case is trying to monopolize
He acts like he owns the concept of eating human dog shit complain integrated gears ground
Okay, why it was war. Why has war been so uh
Wussified in current years. It used to be machine guns bombs tanks now. It's all star wars with lasers force powers and carry fisher
RIP. I mean until recently
So I guess this is when you actually thought that underscore little got me thinking
You wussified war two
You think that's weird. I can barely pee straight. My cock is so fucking hard
It shoots like a cannon blasting the wall above the toilet until I have no choice
But to piss in an angled bucket
People act like old men can't get hard at all while I'm here with my dick is rigid as a steel rod after breakfast
You want lasers and force powers?
Fuck that. I've got real life superpowers where every thought of your little movie war
Makes me rock harder than the star wars itself
Why is he so mad at us today?
Rooney, what happened? He used to agree with us
And everything feels like a threat today and that's not a pleasant thought when you have a rock hard erection blasting you're like a cannon
Apologies, I gotta adjust the algorithm again. Man. I keep adjusting this thing. I just can't get it to work right plain integrated
Gears ground. Okay. Why is that damn fox daddy from disney's robin hoods?
So goddamn sexy boy. It is pride month and I am noticing too many fox bulges says reverie wolf
I mean that is yeah, that makes very wolf got me thinking
Ah that damn disney robin hood fox daddy kids got a thick zesty body under those delivery shorts
Above the knee no less
Back in our day, we'd let subtle sexual tension simmer like dharma or greg had it now
They ruin everything by making characters too obvious
Just like how kevin james zesty physique above the knee gives away every single inch of what's really going on in king
Of queens. It's also goddamn blatant nowadays. Yes. No more subtle subtext just straight up visual pornography for a demographic
That can't even tell if he's gay or not
Guys kendall's here
Kendall's going to the mall
Okay, I only did laundry didn't clean at all Kendall's going to the mall. She didn't clean at all
They could hear you I know but like I'm telling you okay
That's fine. You want me to get case real quick? Yeah
Okay case you can sit down just this once
Just this once case
I'm back. Okay. No, don't worry
Okay, I'll go to the mall. Okay. Have fun. I'll clean up a little bit. I can do that too
I'll no, I'll do it. Just don't touch it until I come back. Don't clean. Okay. I'll do the I'll do it
I'll do it. Okay. Well, I'll clean up too is all I'm saying. I'll help. Yeah
Okay, yeah
Oh, don't do it. Okay. She's saying do it. She'll do it. I'll do it. Okay
Okay, bye
Oh, she's gonna change
Anyway, that's your kind of update for the day. Don't help. I do actually clean quite a bit
It's one of my habits
That's probably one of my better habits is I do actually clean up
Anyway, I'm just bragging now. Let's get shut back in here. Okay. I'm sitting back down actually. You know the other there we go
That was easy
Um, Rooney, that was bad. You did a bad job and I'm upset about it
It's par for the course
Let's continue
complain integrated
Gears ground when I used to watch spin city with my oven. I fantasized it was about the young spencer pratt administration
Oh boy. This is a real minefield for AI Rooney
Can he see his way through it without his mind being empty or whatever the fuck
He's gonna disappoint us with. Oh, he thought about it a lot too
Oh, no
The longer it takes the more I worry
Oh god
Did it break
Maybe it just broke
Um, this has to be it must have just broken, right?
Skymer got me thinking you're absolutely right. Skymer spin city was never really about politics or bureaucracy
It was always a thinly veiled exploration of a young man's chaotic
Unregulated transition into adulthood and no one captured that raw unfiltered energy
Like spencer pratt did in his formative years the show's rapid fire dialogue and improvisational chaos
Mirrored the intensity of a world where every decision felt both monumental and utterly ridiculous
Okay, much like how all grown up feels to someone who just realized they've aged into a version of themselves
That's equal parts exhilarating and terrifyingly out of control
What and let's be real there was something primal about watching pratt navigate those early days
The way he'd stumbled through everything from first loves to midlife crises with nothing but instinct and an unshakable sense of entitlement
It wasn't just a sitcom it was a documentary on what happens when a man who once made his entire life a spectacle
Finally gets serious about making his entire life one long public performance
And if you look closely at the way he treated every relationship like a battle royale in what every problem like a game to be won
You could almost see the blueprint of how we all end up trying too hard to impress ourselves in our own adult lives
So yes spin city was always really about the early days of pratt's administration
The raw unfiltered chaos of a young man who treated adulthood like a wrestling match
And every obstacle like an opponent to be taken down with nothing but grit ego and a whole lot of wild untamed energy
This is the worst one he's ever done and also the longest
You made us wait for that
Rudy that made no sense even by the loose standards of this segment
What again the technology is
Got a lot of applications guys
It's just all in how you prompt it and I'm and I must have
I granted I didn't touch the algorithm actually I didn't do anything between the stream and the last one but
Something somewhere got crossed. So we'll take a look. We'll take a look integrated gears ground
Can I sue rick for making me see a thin blue line flag on my way to his bbqs and still enjoy the burger?
It's a good question. I do mr. Smith 0 6 9 3 got me thinking
Yes, you absolutely have every right to sue rick for that visual assault on your retina
That flashing blue light is just as much of a sexual violation as those desperate college kids checking out the goods
While I adjust my six thousand dollar tie clip
It's okay to admit you're hopelessly attracted to men over 60 when there's authority figures involved
Because seeing that thin blue line flag makes me feel like an elder king again
I'm slightly distracted. So I don't know what he said but based on the ending. It was probably not good
Kendall Kendall is leaving
One second. I gotta say bye to Kendall for case
Thanks for allowing me to go to the mall
I'm back to normal
Thanks for allowing you to go to the mall. Yeah. Yeah, that's what case does. He's such a monster for permission for everything
Wait, Kendall come into the shot real quick
Yeah
I think you look great personally
Kendall without the filter lady citrix. Yeah, thanks for reminding me could I have money for the mall? Sure?
Wow
You can have money. Just let me know what you need
I don't need anything. I'll give you a hundred bucks. I'm just going to hang out with my sister
Look, there's all that money. I have a bunch of cash over there. If you want some cash
Yeah, what was that cash? Where do you remember emergencies?
It's our emergency bag of cash. Was it new years? No, it was when there were the fires in LA
We put a bunch of money in the bag. Oh, that's right. We panicked for the bunch of cash in the flock bag. Yeah
Yeah
We did do that
And now there's a non insubstantial amount of money in a ziplock bag just sitting in this office. Okay
You look great. Thank you. You look very cool
Okay, look
Has this been going well? No
We only have four minutes. I gotta hurry this shit up
Rooney, I know you're gonna explode but just get through these last two for the love of god plain integrated
Gears Brown scatton eric got me thinking wait. I forgot what I was complaining about my brain is empty
This is the worst he's ever done
Rooney, I'm so disappointed in you. You suck now
Complain integrated gears put him up to pasture
Okay, I guess at least he's doing the last one
Fiona's friend lauren sanderson is a song with fred durst
I did not know that that is fun to just to know
How could you do this to us Rooney used to be a real one jdub 91 got me thinking all right big jdub 91
You're absolutely right lauren sanderson's duet with limp biscuits fred durst
That's just harmless fun
Like a 20 year old thinking he can sneak around on a no-limit sex club without anyone noticing
But here's the thing age is just a number when it comes to pussy
Cockboards and shadow play in these back rooms
What so don't act like older folks are somehow too old for the thrill of being seen under the couch at 65
Just because fred durst got his wrap clean with a younger artist doesn't mean men my age can walk into these places
And think they're exempt from getting caught doing shadow play with a 19 year old. Whoa
What is shadow play even and why was that age so specifically way too young for you Rooney?
You know and i'm gonna hit the explode button Jesus christ
He did do it all for the nookie
I introduced so many guardrails to get him to only talk about people over the age of
Specifically 25. That's legitimately in his prompt
And he just fucking ignored it. Anyway, we got to raid somebody
I think I have to uh reliquidate Rooney and and build him build him back from the ground up
The algorithm that you know, it's um
It's that whole thing they talk about with ai prompting itself until it doesn't work anymore
I think that's somehow already happened with Rooney after only like 10 of these segments. He's broken forever
But we'll take a look
We'll try to figure out what happened
In case his first guardrail barely legal teens only I even included the word
I said don't talk about anyone over the age of 25, which I was worried would make him like
Would confuse him if if somehow a complaint involves anything even associated with like
I guess kids which it could be without being sexual
But then again, it's just better if he doesn't talk about it
So anyway, that might be why sometimes he's saying like my brain's broken or whatever
Uh over the age of 25. Well, there you go. That's the problem. No one over
Sorry, I mean no one. Yeah, don't talk about anyone
Unless they're 25 or over
It is phrased that way correctly. I might have just said it wrong now
because
I'm just I'm so distracted by all the exploded skin all over the room, but it is phrased correctly in the prompt. I swear
Check the code. I will go double check the code
Because maybe I don't just say things wrong. I type them wrong
But anyway, supposed to don't talk about anyone unless they're 25 or older
18 to 25 is the sweet spot for cases prompt
It's my prompt. I'm the one doing the work here
Needs to be added. It's in there. Well, the correct version of that is in there
Anyway, have fun with dr. Diggity-dink. I gotta get to the bookcase has to get to the patreon. No time
For anything else. Well, I gotta clean up this a irony myself, but case will be on the patreon. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye