I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Six, five, four, three, two, one.
Hello everybody. Good to see you all.
Oh, we're getting a little fuzzy over here. Yeah.
Here, one sec. Okay, good enough.
Good to see everybody live in sleazy reverie wolf.
I wish your shadow propaganda tasty, race, silver, bundle sprout, sinister,
cytricks, apple, dapple, live, and sleazy card king.
Shaggy, many more maybe if I keep scrolling.
I'm sorry if I missed you.
Great to see a S1000.
Extra handsome.
Oh, I got a haircut.
I got a haircut and the lady did my hair.
I got the long cuffs today.
I also got new shirts.
I bought a bunch of extra shirts.
Microphone 900.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's too much.
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone 900.
Just Mama James 750 shiny taste of coins.
I've been dying to say this.
He forgot what he was going to say.
I'm so sorry, Biden.
This is one of the few places where you're still allowed to speak your mind.
It's Biden specifically, not anybody else.
Sabrichi also, thank you for the 1800,
I'm sorry, 18 months.
Thank you for the 18,000 months.
And some thanks for the shout out.
That was last night.
Most accurate.
Biden quote.
Yeah.
Sometimes the best quote of all is just a quotation mark with nothing between it.
Okay.
Well, there's probably news.
It seems like I hear more news every day.
I honestly did not look up much for the stream because that's the gimmick.
Papito, how are you talking already?
How you doing, Papito?
I'm good.
I just cutting in.
Yeah.
I can do that if I want.
Isn't it actually nice not feeling like the US is fucking doomed?
I didn't ever feel that way, but I don't know what countries are.
You must kind of, you're speaking all the time, Papito.
You must have some sense.
No, Eve, I've explained this so many times.
I don't know what I'm saying currently.
I'm pure instinct.
Countries are nothing to me.
What are they like at a, uh,
a loose association of states which represent people,
all of which prescribe to some vague national identity
that they can't define in actual terms?
Sort of.
Some people can define it.
Oh, okay.
See, I don't know then.
It is because you see.
It's because I'm a doc.
I was going to say it.
But that's my thing.
Places are not real.
Great point.
I'm saying places are real.
Also a good point.
I don't know.
He doesn't know what words are.
Yeah, that's what he says, but he's saying words.
I should stop trying to solve this.
We should stop trying to solve it all and instead,
revel in the news.
It's still going to drive it.
Don't let them take it from you.
No, no, no.
I'm not going to let them take it.
I got a haircut case.
Do you like it?
It's Tyler.
Yeah, very good news.
It's me, Tyler.
I'm ready to talk.
Yeah, fuck this guy.
And fuck you too, but in a positive sense,
because fucking is loving is a hype day for trains.
Tyler, they got too excited and you summoned a hype train.
I can't help it if I love trains.
You love trains?
Sure.
Fuck you affectionate.
Yeah.
I think you jess win so much for the hot 19 months.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
I believe it.
Oh, Tyler, what's in the hype trains here?
On the news train now.
Let's talk about what matters.
What matters to you?
What matters?
What in teams?
What are the goods?
What fucking matters?
About five hundred and three hundred.
To the level two.
There is so much happening.
What do you mean?
Everything's good, man.
Chill out.
Everything's basically fine.
No, no, no, no, no.
If anybody cut to the stream right now,
they would not be confused by how good and normal things are.
Everything is fine here.
I feel like maybe I've done something wrong.
There's a panther too.
Yeah.
Of course there's a panther.
Look, also, JD Vance is here.
He's back again twice, case.
Double the panther.
Is this what?
This is not what LLC does to your mind.
I don't think.
I think, you know, we'll turn it down.
We'll turn down the insanity right now.
You're going to be amazed how much this does for us.
Quieter.
Is your mind glass foggy now?
No, I'm as crazy as ever.
Pixelate me more if you can.
I don't like to be this visible.
Make me less.
No, don't.
Oh, man.
I don't like to be seen.
You love to be seen.
You're constantly rampaging through my set and Cleveland and whatever else.
Yes.
We have to thank some people, case.
That's true.
Where's your lotion?
Oh, there it is.
Oh, and like a deer in the clearing.
No, you're not.
You're lapping up chat lotion.
When, where else am I supposed to do that?
That, technically, this is all my fault.
That is true.
I never forget it.
And I guess JD Vance was on deck.
I thought maybe we were going to talk about the Olympics.
But I guess case said no.
More of my, the guy that I love because I am him.
JD Vance.
You're for your brother?
No, not my brother is my brother.
What?
This stream doesn't make enough sense, hype train.
We need to return to some normalcy.
You're making me sound even more confusing.
It's that no.
Don't go blaming waterfalls.
No, that's don't go chasing waterfalls.
Let's just relax and start saying rational things, case.
I'm trying, I swear.
I swear I'm attempting to say more rational things.
Let's do a little bit of news with a train.
Yeah, let's do something normal like some news with a train.
Anyway, speaking of normalcy,
um,
and J. Vance ridiculed after dolphin based social media sex post.
Okay, well, I can't be blamed for that technically being a piece of news from last, last week,
actually.
Last week was crazy.
This week, though, should be normal.
Uh, yeah.
He was into wet goddesses.
Maybe this is the thing about JD Vance we like.
I don't know the details yet.
I need some music.
Get me some dolphin beats.
Dolphin trap beat.
To talk about JD Vance too.
Hmm.
Can we interview the couch?
Uh, we can interview the couch after this.
Oh, you can interview the couch?
Sure.
A burly case can interview the couch.
Look at the story.
It's sticking out of its little story hole.
Okay.
Whoa!
Oh my.
God.
Here we go.
Like JD Vance in the blow hole, the subs dog gonna explode.
Whoa.
Tan Tran coming in just because he can.
Even greater than Sunday morning on the couch with the JD out.
We popping off on the news.
So have no doubt we getting ridiculed for these dolphin based posts.
But I still say that VP has the most prospective VP.
Perspective I see.
Low hold deep in the couch.
I'm greedy.
I'm digging into that cushion for a little more pushing.
But the news ain't moving.
Here we go.
With the flow.
Hype train.
I'm about to go.
Republican Senator JD Vance.
A star-dialyte.
A former Republican.
Donald Trump.
That was the former president.
What did he do now?
Let's check it out.
Man, the Ohio senator was marked on his own account.
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
For sharing pictures we showed a dolphin apparently trying to go.
Ooh.
Dolphin trying to fuck a girl on a dock.
We don't stop.
Let's check the post out.
What I.
What I.
What I.
What I.
I was what I become.
What everyone says while they're rapping on this stream.
Trying to find the post for this hype train.
So we have a little context here.
It's sort of hard to get through the news when it's being wrapped by a train.
Okay, here we go.
I guess this is the status that people are.
I'm set about.
And yes, chat.
You are in the back.
Never doubt the chats in the back, but we on the attack.
We smoking rats.
We drinking rats.
We in the back.
We got.
We like simulac.
Okay.
Maybe the internet was a mistake.
It's a JD dance with the take.
He's JD dancing on them.
What's he got here?
Woman guilt gets violated by dolphin and enjoys it.
Oh, that's what he posted.
He's posting hot dolphin dock porn and enjoys it.
Whoa.
Is that true?
Think JD advanced might have made some assumptions there.
But yeah, people like, I guess, are bringing this post up.
Understandably.
That's maybe another example of him not having the best taste.
We'll get the taste out of your mouth.
Dolphin coming in.
Wip from the south.
Look at hot on the dock.
We'll stop.
We going in.
He's securing the dolphin vote.
Yeah.
He's securing a dolphin go dolphin throat.
Go in the mouth.
Got a little stroke that is going to show.
Dolphin getting in on this flow on the dock that dolphin going to blow.
Usually whales is the one popping off with the pottery mist.
But this dolphin is giving the splits.
Are you dead yet?
No, I got like a minute 50 left.
I covered that story.
Did you?
Yeah.
Fiona might like him.
Fiona like dolphins now.
Fiona's into marbles.
Fiona likes marbles.
Marbles.
That's true.
Fiona's kind of attracted to marbles.
So JD advanced is in a dolphin porn.
Let's read the story a little more.
The problem according to the commenters is that the words woman and dolphin were
highlighted in the image suggesting that whoever took the screenshot apparently
searched for those exact terms.
Oh, well, but that's just JD reposting the screenshot.
It could have been a screenshot from anywhere.
Are you trying to defend JD advanced?
I'm just trying to get down to the truth here and the truth of where the hype is.
Uh, didn't she do that twice?
You want to cover the dolphin fucker guy extensively?
Oh, yeah, she really we watched a whole documentary on dolphin sex.
And who's the weirdo now?
Why are you calling out JD advanced when his usual case is beat into the punch
and is already being a nasty little freak?
You're talking trains surrounded by rainbow effects and I'm the nasty little freak.
These are harmless old graphics games.
I'm not the one digging deep into dolphin sexual history.
Uh, anyway, you need to thank people.
There are tons of subs and stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Oh my god.
I don't have nine seconds left to laugh, but that's some good card game.
Oh, sure.
That'll get me over the edge, right?
I'm edging.
I'm edging, but I'm going to survive for sure.
Right?
Oh, yeah.
You thought you were done with me?
Shit, I thought he was going to die for sure.
Instead, he's unlocked a new level of hype.
This stream is more hyped than ever.
I'm unkillable.
I'm your ultimate co-host, case.
Well, at least thank all the subs and bits.
Okay.
Card King, thank you so much for the gifted sub.
Tamtrann and subs.
It's a pretty nuts card, King.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, you do.
Tamtrann, thank you for the 10.
You also have Apple to Apple with 100 bits.
Apple to Apple with 100 bits.
Jezlyn with 100 bits.
I worship Shadow with a hot gifted sub to Big J-Dub.
Apple to Apple with 100 bits.
Skymer with 100 bits.
Jezlyn with 19 months.
A microphone counted up 900 with 750.
And some breachy.
The master mod themselves.
The 80 BUNS.
Thank you all so much.
You've earned this hot start to the stream.
Just totally covered in effects.
More of the most affected.
Streams.
Courtesy of me.
What else about JD Vance?
I'm getting there.
We're reading it.
We're learning all the facts.
The Ohio senator was mocked at his own social media.
Wacozart!
You can't get through two sentences.
All right, in a good way.
Thank you so much, Wacozart.
We're staying barely informed for 21 months.
Can I get another beat going?
It's so hard to tell what you're talking about.
When you're just rhyming go with flow 800 times.
No, it makes the news clearer.
Find me another dolphin beat.
There's gotta be more than one.
Sky Dolphins.
JMK instrumental.
Sky Dolphins on the beat.
Sky Dolphins on the beat.
Sky Dolphins on the beat.
Thank you so much for the 21 months, though, Wacoz.
21 months.
21.
21.
The magic number.
Little dolphin beat.
Ahem.
Maybe the end was a mistake, Vance posted Saturday.
It's a pic we've shown at the picture of the dolphin.
Just having sex on the dock.
And he didn't search it.
He just, the most important terms were bolded.
The problem according to the commenters
is that the words woman and dolphin were highlighted.
Daniel Internet for showing,
for showing people things they searched for
for the former journalist Morton.
Zero verb, I wrote in response.
Is that a journalist?
A user name is a journalist now?
One of the most effective journalists in my life
is of course Wario64.
Oh yeah, he's the one who told you you're a flyer.
Uh, why are you researching for dolphin porn,
my guy, ask Matt or take it?
You're just doing one of those stories
where they just post comments to fill out the word counter.
Yeah, it's that kind of story.
Funnel web, thank you so much for the 21 months as well.
Funnel web!
We go web mode.
We stick out the wrist and the wrist explodes.
I got a wrist shown.
Every time that I go with the flow.
Going flow are your favorite words today.
A go flow, we explore.
Here we go, with the flow.
Sky dolphins in the sky.
Don't ask why.
I'm just a tough and mind guy.
I can't help you if I want to fly through the sky.
Dorsal fins in the cloud.
I've trained as the voice of my generation.
Yeah, I can't help it.
I was born into this.
I was born this way.
That's true.
I guess you were born a train.
That's actually not true.
What?
Yeah, I willed myself to become a train.
I used to be an amorphous cloud of pipe gas.
That sort of was blowing out my chimney.
You've explained that chimney in so many ways.
Yeah, but the truth is I used to be an amorphous cloud of pipe gas.
Who through pure will took on the form of a train.
Whoa, look at all these graphics going on.
I didn't fix all the graphics apparently.
This needs Dolphin's opinions on JD Vance.
All right.
I will yield my time.
Just know that I'm still here and I'm still hyped.
But I will temporarily yield my time to Dolphin's.
I don't think it has to be temporary hype train.
I think you're about to die.
No, I'm not.
Like a dolphin I survive.
Flying high in the sky.
Every day never the same.
When you're soaring in a dolphin plane.
But the dolphin is the plane.
If you catch my brain and go brain on him.
I go tame on him.
Never the same on him.
Change the name on him.
With the fame on him.
Famous for flying in the sky and I never die.
Never dying in the sky.
Forever alive and filled with pride.
Because the hype train will always survive.
And never die, never die.
He died.
Yeah, he died.
Still kind of glowing there.
Yeah.
I got a new light up shirt.
Do you like it?
And just like that the world's fewer feels colder.
Well don't worry.
He has a habit of coming back, you know, a lot.
I can still feel him sometimes.
When I really focus.
I can see that.
Anyway, you were going to talk to a dolphin?
Yeah, I guess I'll talk to a dolphin.
Sure.
And then I swear to God we'll do news.
The hype train just worked his ass off for you doing.
Some of the hardest news to cover of all JD Vance.
And you're just going to dismiss it like that.
That's not love games.
But I mean we just said that he posted a dolphin sex screencap.
But I guess that technically I guess it is fair that he is the vice president that technically is.
The prospective vice president calling your shot case.
You hoping you can uh.
You can it's like that movie where the guy plays that he the president gets sick and then he has to be the president.
What's that called Steve or something?
What's the name of the movie where um someone has to be the president's body double Dave.
God Dave.
You don't remember the movie Dave?
It's also a series now.
Yeah before it was a rapper just doing whatever that is.
It was Dave the president.
You know what I'm going to talk to a dolphin.
About JD Vance.
Because it just seems like the thing to do right now.
I've talked to dolphins on this stream before.
Dave the series is pretty wild.
That's true.
Let's see what dolphins are up to today.
Dolphins in the sky they're alive.
Thank you for joining us.
Here's a dolphin.
Okay not sure what I expected but that's our dolphin.
Yeah how you doing?
I'm pretty good.
Nice.
You seem pretty chill.
Yeah.
Okay well um.
Are you uh are you bothered by what JD Vance posted?
Sort of uh sexualizing dolphins?
Well we are pretty horny.
That's true.
The main thing I'm offended by is um JD Vance doesn't he's actually kind of against dolphin families.
Oh what do you mean?
Well he doesn't have any dolphins himself.
So I don't really know where he gets off just posting dolphins.
I don't really know if I can trust someone to lead this country.
When they've never submitted to the elf of dolphin in a pack.
And let themselves rut with him.
What?
It's just how am I really supposed to trust a human's opinions on dolphin if they've never
rutted with a dolphin if they've never submitted to the power for alpha dolphin.
It's kind of anti-dolphin family.
I mean I'm against dolphin contraception.
It's hard for us to squirt out little dolphin babies.
Squirt out little dolphin babies.
That's what you do if you're underwater.
You squirt them out of your little baby sack.
And he's never impregnated or been rutted by a male dolphin alpha.
If anything he's probably like what like a step dolphin daddy if he even is that.
He doesn't think he wants to have dolphin kids.
I mean clearly he does.
He's searching for us all.
He's desperate for a dolphin family.
He doesn't have when he doesn't have the raw machismo to be the alpha dolphin himself.
And we're supposed to trust someone like that.
An anti-dolphin family.
Dolphin obsessed weirdo to run this country.
He made you.
He didn't make me.
He's never come to my dock.
You want to swim around my dock?
Have me pop up and sort of go ham on your stomach.
Are you a lady dolphin?
I'm a lady dolphin who's probably ready to be rutted by an alpha dolphin male.
I currently might not have a pack right now.
But you know I'm kind of a trad dolphin.
A trad dolphin.
Yeah I'm sort of a trad dolphin.
I'm part of the trad dolphin community.
I might be sort of you know mid I've never had a kid myself.
And I might be kind of in middle age now.
But doesn't mean I don't prescribe to trad dolphin values.
I don't understand what's going on with dolphins.
Look I'm just saying I'm ready to be traditional.
And to get absolutely rutted.
What is rutting?
It's just what male dolphins do when they're alpha.
But nowadays everybody's kind of a beta dolphin.
They mostly want to stay in their cave and just rub a bunch of rocks on their stomach.
Does there no real alpha dolphins out there anymore ready to have a
a harem of dolphin wives which I would proudly be in.
I was excited for JD to maybe be my alpha dolphin daddy but instead he doesn't have any
dolphin kids he doesn't have any dolphin concubines.
And yet he's still posting dolphin.
Dolphin in cells.
Exactly it's an epidemic of weak beta dolphin in cells who need to get on their grind set.
They need to start doing tricks for master for more little tasty sardines.
Like dolphins eat tasty sardines.
You don't know anything you're seeing this is just another beta dolphin wannabe.
You'd love to get on my dock and have me go ham on your stomach just with rubbing my genitals kind
of just sort of slapping them on you.
No.
Well.
I'm saying no.
But you look a lot like JD Vance.
No I don't.
Good.
Okay look a little like him.
What's with your eye?
What.
What.
Okay.
This dolphin loves Jordan Peterson.
You familiar with Jordan Peterson?
No he's more into lobsters.
I like the other guy.
The other guy?
The Fiona guy.
I like the Fiona guy.
He doesn't resort to using lobsters as his analogy mechanism.
He's just ready to say I want to I have and I want to fuck dolphins.
How do you how do you feel about Jordan Peterson?
Fiona was obsessed with a dolphin.
I'm not obsessed.
She was for a couple days she was interested in a guy who pretty openly was having sex with dolphins.
A hero.
No that no.
No.
A pretty bad.
Like a bad boy?
No like it's not good to do bestiality.
Okay I resent that.
As a tread dolphin wife I'm a mystical shining glimmering sea goddess ready to completely submit
myself to a power for running alpha male.
All right we got that a wet goddess.
There you go storm brewing.
Somebody gets it.
Looks like there's still a couple of alpha alpha's out there.
If you want to take my course on how to become even more alpha and land a tread dolphin like me
it's only $13.99 linking my TikTok.
Oh okay you're just promoting.
I don't even think you have a TikTok.
How are you gonna how are you even gonna use it with your flippers?
And now who's being anti-wet goddessist?
Malcolm Brenner.
I've been sleazy as a tree journalist.
Oh big daddy Malc.
I don't ever want to hear him call that again.
Dolphin I you know I just don't think we're gonna see eye to eye here.
We're both kind of anti-JD vans.
But I guess that might be where our similarities end.
Because you're not ready to resign yourself to the ancient motherly womb of the ocean
where all are one except for alpha dolphin daddy who's number one.
A good union man.
That made my voice weird.
What you did with your tongue made my voice weird.
Yeah just go to the water.
I was going to.
I can be out of the water for like 30 minutes.
Is that true?
I'm a trad dolphin wife so I'm I got grit.
All right well thank you for joining us dolphin.
And thank you humans that get it that are willing to sire children with a dolphin
on the dock and be a traditional alpha dolphin daddy.
Everybody else.
Miss me with that flip.
Urr bye bye.
She she said flipper but she just had a full hand.
She had a full human hand.
You can't be proud of everything that happens on your twitch stream.
Sometimes you got to do whatever that was.
It's just how twitch works.
Speaking of how twitch works apparently it's a zombie branch now.
I guess we can talk about that.
Let's get um get Tyler back over here and then maybe we'll talk about the Olympics.
Which I have not been keeping up with so I'm curious.
Tyler do you familiar with twitch stuff?
I mean when we're on it yes yeah.
But now it is a dead brand.
Which is dead walking dead because it's still it's still going right.
Such a confusing headline Tyler.
I can't do everything.
Okay I can't do it all.
That's fair maybe I asked too much.
Okay well let's see what's going on with twitch I guess we're on it right now but it's dead.
So what you're looking at right now is actually a shambling corpse aka me.
And it's good to know that.
It's good to know that you are a shambling corpse.
Which is what we're inside right now.
Following a tumultuous year for twitch.
Following around a layoffs earlier this year twitch boss Dan Clancy aka
Silver Fox Daddy admitted that the streaming service has remained unprofitable.
Now as twitch approaches 10 years in Amazon's portfolio it's still not profitable.
Whoopsie Daisy and insiders have concerns about the future of the brand.
According to a report in the wall street journal insiders worry that twitch might
become a zombie brand or an acquisition that's sidelined because it's underperforming.
At Amazon the source is pointed to other amazon sites like Goodreads and Woot as examples of
zombie brand.
I still use Woot all the time.
What is Woot?
It's a thing you say.
Woot there it is or Woomp.
Maybe everybody switched to saying Woomp.
Apparently it's also a brand.
Woot Woot.
This is Woot.
Oh yeah Woot.
That's where I got all my deals.
I think I see what happened to Team Woot kind of stole their bag.
I just didn't realize I don't use Team Woot.
Woot's pretty cool I guess they're saying that.
Yeah the people who know know like they used to have little monkeys.
You know get that on Team Woot.
I think you can find two little monkey cartoons on Team Woot.
Good luck.
You used to get Woot t-shirts.
Look we could get like what's with all this stuff so much shit.
You could get a bunch of maple syrup for only $37.99.
Maple syrup is expensive as shit.
So you got far different flavors.
Why are you just doing Woot ads?
It's not a Woot ad it's specifically for this maple syrup.
Milklabs gluten-free oatmeal cup $30.
Manuka blend two-pack Manuka honey MGO.
Okay we're just becoming a QVC Woot stream.
Yeah maybe that's where this stream needs to go because
look sales and ascents is love.
I love these products.
For instance, Snapdragon foe bowls mushroom $32.99?
You're investing everything you own in Woot?
I just say I think at this point that's just a smart investment.
So look I'm not a financial anus but I say anyone who said that in chat do it.
I don't give financial advice by the way.
I'm just saying invest everything in Woot.
That's financial advice Tyler.
No it's like a financial recommendation.
That's different.
It's legally binding to ignore that.
It's legally unshackled.
Look the point is employees also reportedly,
this is about Twitch again,
that they might face another round of layoffs later this year
following an annual review.
Earlier this year the platform laid off over 500 members of itself
and I'm so sorry that you lost your job case.
Actual people lost their job Tyler.
I don't work for Twitch.
What?
We're just on Twitch.
We just give them money to be on their platform.
50% of all the money.
So you work for that.
Yeah but I they can't lay me off.
I'm more just a unwilling contractor.
So he works for that.
Well I'm sorry you lost your job.
I'm still doing it currently Tyler.
Actual people lost their job.
Look the point is,
bitch has your point.
I'm not upset.
You sound upset.
I'm not.
He's a subsidiary.
That's the good word for it.
It's called me.
Thank you.
Fine I'm a subsidiary of Twitch.
Great.
Are you a zombie brand?
Zabatably.
Can you keep reading?
Twitch has reportedly faced a few major setbacks
over the past few years.
With its web traffic ranking in the United States
falling and its advertising sales
and numbers of users both ceasing to grow.
Dude this is explaining so much about your channel case.
There's plenty of users that are increasing their viewers.
Plenty of creators that are increasing viewership.
Sometimes I do.
Sometimes.
Wow cool.
Twitch's biggest spender is one of its strongest sources of revenue.
Have also reportedly spent less on subscriptions and donations.
With internal projections suggesting that the trend might cost Twitch
close to a quarter of a billion dollars in revenue by 2025.
Self burn.
Technically it's Tyler.
I'm trying to pump you up dude.
I think what you do is great.
What?
I think what you do is great.
Is great?
Yeah.
However I spoke to a woman for Amazon told the Wall Street Journal
that the company still fails confident.
Do I just have my phone as well?
Is Twitch's fault?
Okay I'm blame Twitch for whatever.
I'm fine with that.
Amazon just wants more money plain and simple.
It does feel to me that you know this brand they've built for themselves
where they technically don't need to produce any of the stuff themselves.
They just have a legion of people like me that you know like streaming
and this is the main place to do it.
They kind of have a captive you know worker pool.
Then if they pop off they will literally just make the money
and they don't have to do any of the production themselves.
They just have to have the service.
It seems like there should be some way to make some money off this is what I'm saying.
I don't know why their overhead is as high as it is
but maybe I'm underestimating the importance of marketing or something.
I think you're underestimating the importance of how much you need to
be a company but thank you for that insight.
Exactly.
Executive decisions cost.
They cost and if you don't spend then the talent will cost somewhere else.
It's just simple micro machinomics.
How people getting bonuses.
I would suspect there's some executive glut as there is at literally every company.
Time to kick it to kick.
Yeah let's go to kick.
There's no problems there right.
You can go to kick if you want Tyler.
I'll support you doing a Tyler stream on kick.
Do I have to know how to use computer?
A little bit.
Now I'm getting done.
You're younger than me.
You must know how to use computer.
Yeah like I got how to do like apps.
Okay whatever Tyler.
Anyway it's been a tumultuous few years for Twitch earlier this year.
Twitch shutdown operations in Korea due to expensive costs.
Just months after the CEO resigned.
The brand is also a man of controversial strength decisions.
They're going to sexual contours, gun lines.
The latest of which banned implied nudity.
But it was also controversial not to ban implied nudity.
I would like to point that out.
Tyler kick stream goal.
I really the things I've heard about kick.
Not that Amazon.
Amazon is so large that it's slightly easier for my brain to rationalize doing streams on an Amazon owned subsidiary.
But the ownership of kick seems so specifically
toxic that it really makes me not want to support that entire endeavor.
Yeah I don't want anybody here to ever have to go into kick chat.
I'm already on it.
I pulled up on my other phone.
I'm going to go to kick really quick and just check out what's going on there.
Yeah Tyler we don't need to go to kick.
Let's see what's number one on Kak.
The injured bear.
A dog.
Green mommy on green app.
XQC's over here.
Wow we could be watching XQC on Kak.
We could be watching Bodie.
We could be we'll see what Jess chatting has over on Kak.
Aiden Ross is on Kak.
Oh my god I could be on the same platform as Aiden Ross.
You could be on Aiden Ross's Kak.
You don't want to be on Aiden Ross's Kak?
Yeah I'm good Tyler.
All right let's just see what he's doing.
Can we check what he's doing really quick?
You already clicked on it.
Which will also be fun.
The weed and the weed.
Okay.
Ha ha what made you laugh.
I do want to say though that you know you guys are not really laughing at this weed.
What is making you laugh Tyler?
He keeps saying weed.
I don't really care.
Just going to do a bunch of things bro.
Do a bunch of things.
Thursday I'm going to a shooting range.
Whoa.
Shooting range Thursday.
Yeah.
I hope you guys fuck with it.
Hope you guys do.
I mean I want to shoot some cool guns and shit.
Ha ha ha.
Yeah better shot.
I want shooting up.
That's all love though.
That's all love.
Like he shoots guns but like dude that's all love.
How is that all love?
He loves gun.
And he love weed.
And he love Thursday.
He's combining all those things on Thursday.
He's a good guy.
He's seems like one of the biggest pieces of shit on the internet.
Oh my god streamer drama but he doesn't care because he's huge.
I didn't know you were such an Aiden Ross fan Tyler.
That's a little disappointing.
I love everyone.
I love you too.
It's a pretty massive kick.
It's a real kick in the pants.
Everybody's getting kicked today.
Anyway did you like to see how our real streamer does it case?
It was very illuminating.
I'll try to update my set accordingly.
It could be a lot more green and there could be at least twice as many coaches.
Sang.
Anyway and that's it.
That's the whole story.
That's the whole story.
Yeah we checked in with kick.
We've got a tumultuous year for Twitch.
They're a zombie brand.
They might have essentially a free labor force for them just seemingly generating endless revenue.
So they say but you can't make money off that.
You can't make money off essentially free labor.
Just bringing in literal donations and you scrape 50% off of every donation.
You can't make money off of people doing free stuff.
It makes sense to guy that looks like JD Vance should have more couches.
Doesn't Aiden Ross look a little like JD Vance?
No.
Look at his stately massage.
So I like okay so you look like obviously be comfortable with yourself dude.
But you think you look like my boy Aiden here.
Look at that pose he's in.
That requires some real reverse bicep strength.
The muscle that's opposite the bicep.
That's true.
It does require reverse bicep strength to hold yourself up on a chair.
Anyway that's all the Twitch news.
And it's good.
It's bad for it's bad.
But it could be good and there's still potential.
And at the end of the day everybody loves to Twitch.
And I also love to kick.
And not everything used to be about conflict.
So like my boy Aiden.
Just go shoot guns and smoke weed.
And maybe they can finally find some peace in this world.
You're shooting guns in that scenario peacefully.
I don't know if that's Aiden Ross's vibe.
His vibe is shooting guns peacefully.
Okay well thanks for being here Tyler.
And thanks for being love with you.
Which I am at all times.
And later.
Let the weed shoot the gun at Aiden.
Let the weed smoke Aiden.
You ever tried that?
Yo Aiden you ever considered this?
Letting the weed smoke you?
I'm starting my Aiden beef today.
This is that inconceivable that I could occasionally meet a streamer that I've
just on stream said I think is an absolute piece of shit.
But anyway I don't actually know that much about Aiden Ross.
But the few things I do know I'm like.
But maybe he's a great guy and I'm just not giving him credit.
But he seems like not that.
So you know I'll hold on to that opinion for now.
Okay let's keep going.
Nickel stream for about two hours today.
My usual.
Getting a little got going a little bit later today.
You know what working freelance is you don't always have that much work.
And then sometimes everybody asks you to do a job all at once.
But you know what I'll take it.
Anyway let's do a segment or something.
We haven't munched in Chrome near the start of a stream yet.
So let's do that.
If you've got a debate you'd like to see much in Chrome do throw it in the chat.
Because we're sending it over to him right now.
It's time for munch and Chrome.
Yes.
I ain't talking about Twitch.
Get that off my screen.
Best is back in the building y'all.
And I do leave actually.
Unlike some people I have a life to get to.
But I'm here right now.
Isn't it blessed to be in the presence of greatness.
The greatness of you chat.
The greatness of me.
Specifically the wolves in chat.
You're great of course.
The various sleeper agents in chat.
The crumb heads.
The so-called crumb heads honestly.
Fake news in my opinion.
Everyone in chat that supports you is a bot.
But you are here and your name is Chrome right.
Is that what I'm supposed to believe your name is Chrome.
What a winding and stupid intro as usual.
I'm Leonard Crumb.
I'm here as well.
You're watching munch and Chrome.
It's a debate show.
They know what the fucking show is.
Then why do you introduce it every time munch?
Cause it's fun.
It's fun to welcome people.
It's not about actually explaining anything.
It's about a fucking vibe.
You'd understand that if you knew how to host anything.
But instead I bet you have a party.
People come over and you're like.
I put sand on the couch.
Uh like kitty litter.
So that you can pee on my couch.
What is with conservatives and their obsessions with couch.
You probably put sand all over your couch.
So that your weird liberal house guests can pee on the couch.
Instead of having to go to the bathroom.
What are you saying?
What is that burn?
I'm saying you don't know how to throw parties.
To the extent that you put sand on your couch.
So that your guests can.
Relieve themselves on the couch.
Instead of having to go to the bathroom.
Cause you just you fundamentally don't understand parties or people.
It's one of the worst burns I've ever heard munch.
It just makes so little sense.
Fortunately, Cytricks is here to save us.
From you or to me.
By saying considering the best one you ever had.
Avocado toast or grilled cheese sandwich.
Which one's better?
Considering the absolute best you've ever had.
You want a morning show with Crumb and his wife.
We can make that happen.
End case make that happen.
It's doable.
Word on the street is cases considering getting a second computer.
Word on the street.
Look I'm plugged into the.
Underground secret news.
Involved in this entire network and.
Word on the street is cases considering.
Just being a real psycho and getting a total second computer.
To run graphics and various other things off.
Seems like you could probably just.
Find almost any other way to do that.
You don't understand a real streamer needs like probably two or three computers.
Seems like mash of overkill but.
What do I know?
Okay well look I like.
Grilled cheese.
Of course.
Tax right off.
There you go.
See.
See.
I saw that.
You didn't see it till someone else said it.
But I'm always making big tax moves.
I write off grilled cheeses.
Because they're a necessary part of any alpha diet.
I happen to be an alpha businessman.
So anything alpha I do I can actually write off.
That's tax fraud.
What you're describing is tax fraud.
No you can write off any I write off mountain climbing.
I climb a mountain successfully.
Thousand dollars off my taxes.
Because I put my body at risk.
And the potential medical bills from falling you can write that off.
So sometimes I write off ten grand.
When I'm mountain climbing.
Because it affects my alpha business.
And I'm in the business of being alpha.
This is you're just admitting to tax fraud.
In a recorded setting.
My point is that I like grilled cheese sandwiches more than avocado toast.
How is that okay fine.
The 5950 acts needs a liquid cooler.
I'm not anti-alpha dolphin.
I respect the trad dolphin community.
I think they have some misguided representatives.
For instance whoever that dolphin miss was on today.
Case didn't even ask her name.
That's how anti-trad dolphin he is.
Oh I'm just saying she she had some reductive ideas on that.
Well we're not talking I like avocado toast.
You're getting really distracted.
I you talk about so many things.
Intermixed with what we're supposed to be debating.
Thank you so much.
Look avocado toast is a more recent popular item.
It's it's toast has been put on avocado for decades of course.
Who knows maybe even longer.
I don't know the history of the invention of avocado toast specifically.
Because it's not exactly a sandwich like a grilled cheese.
It's usually a spread.
It's more of a spread based meal.
It could be a sandwich obviously.
That'd be an avocado sandwich.
I'm specifically talking about avocado toast.
You're equivocating.
I'm not equivocating.
I'm trying to explain in case anyone is unfamiliar.
Who wouldn't be familiar.
The f*** avocado toast is.
Well in case you're not.
I like avocado toast.
Yeah open faced avocado toast.
It's a very flexible meal.
Even if you're not the biggest fan of avocado.
It's a symphony of textures in your mouth.
The smoothness of the avocado.
Or a little chunkiness depending on the type.
And you can garnish it in a million different ways.
Tomatoes.
Cilantro.
Some kind of zesty sauce.
Seeds.
That's like he listed four things.
Well look grilled cheese is literally one of the more flexible f***ing sandwiches of all time.
You can f***ing slather that s*** in bacon.
And still call it a grilled cheese.
You can cover it in like the spiciest f***ing mayonnaise on earth.
Make it a spicy ass mayonnaise grilled cheese sandwich.
Sometimes people even put lettuce on it and s***.
You just cover it in meat.
You still call it a grilled cheese.
You can have a chicken sandwich.
That is still a grilled cheese sandwich.
That's how flexible that s*** is.
You go to any place that claims to be like a grilled cheese hole in the wall place.
They'll be serving you a f***ing burger.
And called it a grilled cheese.
And they're right to.
Because the cheese is the main f***ing event.
If you put enough cheese on any sandwich it becomes a grilled cheese sandwich.
It's like a powerful alien hive mind infecting the sandwich and taking it over.
It's the Zerg of sandwiches.
Zerg is one of the, it's probably the best race in Starcraft.
Making it the most superior sandwich as well.
A Zerg sandwich is better than a Proto sandwich.
Which is avocado toast.
It's got overpriced units.
It doesn't even have that many garnishes or strategies.
And my point is that cheese is better.
Why did you get so upset?
You probably told me what 800 lies there about cheese.
How do you manage to lie that much about cheese?
Highland sandwich.
Grilled cheese is the best in the world.
It's the best to ever f***ing do it.
Just like me.
And that's why today the wolves are getting their meal.
What is with that howl?
That's your masculine wolf howl?
Why did it start with an R?
We're with the angels today.
Little angel wolves like dolphins in the sky.
Wolves in the sky today.
Each and every one of you hungry for cheese.
Slotter a f***ing squirrel or whatever the f*** wolves do.
Garnish that s*** with cheese.
Now it's a cheese squirrel sandwich.
Get that avocado out of here.
You think wolves eat avocados?
It's too cold for us to eat avocados.
We're in the f***ing, we're in the Liam Neeson version of wolves.
And everything's cold as s***.
The Liam Neeson version of wolves.
Yeah, we're in the Liam Neeson part of the wolf community.
Where it's cold out.
You do the...
Wolves just exist in cold...
Why am I even bothering?
Why am I even bothering?
Congrats.
You picked the more popular sandwich.
I hope...
I'm sure you think it has everything to do with you.
It does.
It does.
I like the better thing.
Because I'm the better person.
That's the way it works.
Well, I'm actually...
And then I must be the better person.
Because I'm actually ahead of you, which is a lie.
A lie and you know it.
Don't let your lion eyes trust these fake-ass numbers.
The real number is one me.
And then as many zeros as you want to put after it.
Infinity.
Money and success.
Elf-a-Wolf-Cheese-Man.
Zerg.
Well, shouldn't you like the protoche?
They're sort of a more individualized...
You really should like the Terrans.
That's more your vibe, right?
Corruption and techno insanity.
A...
Insane, glutted bureaucracy.
Reflective of the Confederacy.
No, I like the Zerg because I'm the Overmind.
You're literally admitting to be the main villain of the Starcraft franchise.
No.
The Overmind ends up being one of the few things keeping the Zerg in check.
So check your fucking lore.
It's...
I'm pretty sure the Overmind is the main bad guy, ultimately.
No.
It may have made you look at the story wrong.
One treasure monster.
That's true.
Yeah, I'm the monster under your bed that comes out...
Oh, from under your bed says,
Free grilled cheese sandwich.
I'm like one of the friendly monsters from Monster's Ink.
And the ink is on your face because I'm a squid monster
and I sprayed it all over you to protect the kids from having to see you.
It's dark in their room, so if I spray you with enough blank ink,
you become invisible.
What is with these scenarios, you concoct?
Okay.
Congrats on your win.
Congrats.
I'm still ahead.
Cling to that while you can because the cheese wolves are coming for you.
And we're grilled to perfection.
Okay, well, thanks.
I do the outros.
I could do an outro too.
Look at him still ask.
The Overmind made sexy monster Kerrigan,
so the Overmind is okay.
See?
She's better looking when she's in her skin tight sniper outfit.
No, she's better looking when she's got some bug parts to her.
You're admitting to being attracted to the bug parts on her.
She pulls it off.
Otherwise, she's just kind of standard, you know,
zero suit Samus.
We already have zero suit Samus.
So why do we need normal Kerrigan?
We don't.
We want bug Kerrigan.
Get a little uniqueness in your life.
This is what you don't understand.
I'm a rugged individualist.
And thus I approve of the more unique design of bug Kerrigan.
This man is anti-bug dreads.
I'm not anti-bug dreads.
Although, should she have dreads?
Isn't she kind of a...
She's a space lady who's a bug.
You're gonna...
You're gonna really get all culture war on her bug dreads?
You're the one who brought it up.
Oh my gosh.
We got to get out of here before he says something he's gonna regret.
Bug Kerrigan is pretty bustin.
That's just undeniable.
And this man is anti-bug dreads.
I guess if culture wars, appropriation, that's all he's got.
What?
They're antennas.
Oh, okay.
That's all the time we have.
Think of...
Don't lose the headline here.
The headline is grilled cheese wins.
We win.
We the wolves.
We fucking cookie crisp tonight, y'all.
We lookin' fresh.
We the victors.
We the champions.
And we gonna fight till the end.
Best friend.
How does that song go?
Whatever.
See you later.
Settle down, everybody.
Settle down.
He can't keep getting away with this.
That's a fair point.
How does he keep getting away with it?
These 50-50 votes sometimes swing in mysterious directions.
What do I like better?
Avocado, toast, or grilled cheese?
I think nowadays, if I was a kid, grilled cheese easily.
So if I was going with the largest portion of my life,
I would have preferred grilled cheese.
I'd have to go with that.
But currently, I would prefer avocado toast over grilled cheese.
Just I don't know.
I feel like I ate enough cheese.
I don't eat straight cheese sandwiches.
Not that it's bad.
Grilled cheese, there are so many cheeses.
There's lots of avocados in different states.
You have rotten avocado, way too fresh avocado,
and then whatever is the one that we're supposed to eat?
Has Pepito ever had a cheese sandwich?
I mean, that Adrienne water weird.
I've had cheese on tops of lots of things.
You've had cheese on tops of lots of things.
Yeah. I've had cheese sort of wedge between a bunch of bugs.
What?
You know, like a bunch of bugs on cheese,
and then you eat the cheese with the bugs on it.
Is that a sandwich?
If it's bugs?
And it's covered in bug.
Is that a sandwich?
Are the bugs kind of neatly on either side of like a slice of cheese?
If it's a thin enough piece of cheese.
Brat cheese soup?
I mean, I've had cheese in lots of liquids.
If I see a cheese sitting in a lot of liquid,
I'm going to eat the cheese,
and then I'm going to get the delicious cheese flavor
out of whatever liquid it is, even if it's coolant.
You've had cheese in coolant.
Is that a sandwich?
Is that a cheese coolant sandwich?
What was it on bread?
No, it was on floor.
Does the floor bread?
Does the floor bread?
Yeah.
I know. That's floor.
Yeah, but floor bread.
Sure.
Okay. Yeah. I've had cheese sandwich.
Coolant cheese floor bread sandwich.
Yeah, you're getting me hungry now.
Let's do more news, I guess.
Let's do it. Let's talk about the Olympics.
There's honestly too much Olympics to even get to,
but I saw a couple of Olympic stories and
hey, we can find some YouTube highlights.
Let's do more news.
It's still going to drive me crazy.
See, I don't have to make a big show out of it.
I don't even need any music case.
Just classic Rick ready to do his thing.
It's Rick, everybody.
Well, if we're talking about something patriotic for once,
like the God bless American Olympics.
It's international Olympics.
Yeah, but obviously we only care about the American part.
And I've been following it very closely.
I'd love to see my guys and gals out there
representing the country effortlessly, perfectly.
Sorry, I'm making a headline for you.
The Olympics are beautiful and we love them.
And that's a fact.
We get some Olympics music going.
Olympics theme.
Just, you know, to give us a little
just give an Olympic flair.
Is this going to get you a copyright strike?
Well, I thought I thought it might, but what?
Oh, this isn't a theme.
Close enough that it could still get me in trouble.
Human dolphin hybrid would probably do pretty well.
I think that is Brian Lochte.
No, it'd be Michael Phelps if anything.
He's the one of the big flippers.
Anyway, this is our Olympic coverage live
from the barely informed studios.
All the news about the Olympics from probably a couple days ago.
Let's see what case has highlighted for us to cover today.
There's a lot of beautiful stories coming out of France.
Paris, France today, an American state
because they're hosting the American Olympics.
It's still France.
American France.
Bichy American France officially caves to American demands
to be America while they host the Olympics.
That's the headline.
It's not quite what that headline says.
All right, fair enough.
Turned on this news to cover.
2024 Paris Olympic hands out thousands of condoms.
Of course, this is what you want to talk about.
And everyone loves the adorable package.
Well, at least it's cute.
Let's take a look.
Oh, kind of fun.
Show me the package.
Wait a minute, that's adorable?
Why is this what passes for adorable?
This is the international influence of the Olympics
that I just don't appreciate.
This is why America needs a strong guiding hand
in international policy, global policy.
Because if we just leave it all willy nilly,
you know, you end up with this being called cute.
Just a bunch of red shapes.
And I don't like it.
You don't like condom?
Guy, what's the French Olympic mascot?
Is that him?
Did you are right that they tend to be a bitch?
It's you don't like fry, fragus?
Frige, sorry, his name is Frige.
They told, they stole the name fry guy.
It's pronounced Frige.
That's anything should be fragus.
Okay, Frige.
Let's meet the Olympic mascot, Frige.
What are you happy to accept cookies?
No, show me Frige.
Reject the cookies.
Where is Frige?
The official Olympics website can't handle Frige.
What is that?
Olympic Frige confounds some, but is a very French.
And they're proving my point.
They're proving my point.
AP, stop it.
Look at this.
Look at him suckering in another victim.
Oh no, he's a red poop.
He's literally bloody poop.
I sound like Jordan Peterson.
I sound like Jordan Peterson.
It's bloody poop, but it is.
A red poop emoji.
I'd say that's fair for the Olympics.
I mean, we make these athletes work so hard
that they probably shit blood.
Yeah, it's a hat.
It's a hat.
You're telling me that this is a hat.
This person is holding a blood poop in their hand.
And that's supposed to represent athletic excellence.
Who designed this?
It's been over 200 years since the Bonet Fried for Fr...
I refuse to say that word.
It was last a common sight in the streets of Paris,
yet the hat still carries the same revolutionary spirit.
It is a hat.
I can't help it if you're uncultured, Rick.
I can't believe you're doing this to me
after I interviewed JD Vance for you on that TikTok.
That's true.
Rick did interview JD Vance for me on a TikTok,
but he called you Jeff.
How does that make you feel?
Oh my gosh, they used a new alert.
What?
It does.
It could be a poop hat.
What's the say...
What's the Bonet?
I need to find a picture of this.
We're going to jambalaya.
It just says one of them is Rick.
Sorry, the way this works when you request a segment,
a jambalaya segment,
one of them has a secret.
The secret here is Rick.
So I guess the secret today is that one of them is secretly Rick?
I can either confirm nor deny.
That I'm one of the jambalaya people.
Unless you had a different secret you wanted, Reverie Wolf.
I don't know how it prompts you.
I haven't tested that one yet,
but I think the prompt is someone has a secret.
What is it?
Oh, I see.
That it doesn't say who is it,
or it is just taken as who has the secret.
I'll rephrase how it's asked to say,
someone has a secret.
What's the secret?
But I'll make the secret Rick, if that's your intention.
Who is possessed by the ghost of future Rick?
Well, I can't.
I can't tell you that.
I'm not future Rick.
Are you not?
I'm not sure Rick.
You claim to be involved with the CIA.
Who knows what technology of access to?
Well, I wish I had the access to the technology
to control the design of international Olympic mascots
so that they're not poop hats.
What did this hat look like?
This, how does that look like this?
This is the like red riding little red riding hood hat,
which is not this.
This is poop emoji.
The French are, they're dabbing on us.
But in France, they probably call it like,
PAPONING.
PAPONING?
Yeah, that's probably French dabbing.
They're PAPONING on us.
Is that a French word?
Do you know that?
No, I'm just making up a word,
which they would do because they're French.
I didn't realize you hated the French so much.
If you're in the CIA, you should be
more internationally open-minded than this.
Oh, we're open to working with a lot of countries.
That's a seed.
If you were there, you'd get it.
If I was where?
You don't get it.
What the hell?
Look at this hat.
Look at this hat.
That's, they would wear this?
That's a really old, that's a really old.
I don't know how to say this word either.
Bonnet, how do you say this?
Google, tell me how to say words, please.
How to pronounce.
Okay, here we go.
Bonnet, Phrygian.
Okay, maybe they're making some stuff up.
That's what I'm telling you.
Listen to this.
Bonnet, Phrygian.
Bonnet, Phrygian?
That's not a word.
They're just making, they're just doing shapes with their tongue.
They're good at doing tongue shapes.
And that's why they come up with the best words,
like Bonnet, Phrygian.
Anyway, look at,
look at this poop hat.
I am and I don't like it.
Anyway, the official Olympic frill mascot is a nod to the frill cap
and emblematic accessory of the French revolutionaries.
I love that we have to celebrate their little revolution
as if it's ever acceptable to overthrow your state
without the express sanctioning of the state you're overthrowing.
What?
Just saying, you know, if you're going to overthrow a state,
you should get their permission first.
Which we
never mind.
What are you talking about?
Don't even worry about it.
The heritage of the French revolution
and the birth of the First Republic
have deeply influenced the French,
who now associate the fridge cap.
That's what I'm calling it now.
It's a fridge cap.
And subsequently the fridge announced fridge with its details.
You're really just spitting all over French culture
for no reason today, Rick.
The reason is they're making me salute a poop hat
because I have to salute the Olympic mascot.
It's in the chain of command.
Olympic mascots are like ten down from the president.
That's on the CIA.
That's not on the French.
It's probably the French influence
during the Revolutionary War
that they wrote that in as a joke.
They're constantly pranking us.
Anyways, the symbol of liberty, yada yada,
it's a very strong message linked to the revolution
that we want to, that we want for these games
declared Tony estranged from good taste.
Rick Reed is fucking named correctly.
Okay.
Astange.
Astange.
That might be right.
President of Paris Organizing Committee before the games.
And that's, oh, that's not the whole story.
I'm pulling this over to where I can read it
while facing this audience.
While facing the nation.
The latest shingles vaccine made delay dementia.
Well, that sounds, I mean, isn't that more of a science story?
It was 1,002 years for you to do a hostess segment,
Rick.
You didn't even know not to say the sacred word
of which is Skyeans.
And now I must deliver it on to you.
Separation of church and Skyeans?
No, Skyeans is my beautiful Lord Jesus Christ in the sky.
And today he's curing shangles.
And beautiful sunshine.
It's good to see you all.
It's been too long.
It's been literally, I don't know how long.
I don't track time normally because I'm a Skyeanist.
I use time as but a tool for me.
That's how Skyeans is.
That's true.
Just time as but a tool for a Skyeanist, Chet.
That's my robot Skyeanist.
That's an AI program with all of my knowledge
plus Google or something.
Could Chet be the secret, Rick?
We'll have to find out after this.
I do actually pull double duty here.
I'm one of the most popular jumbolas.
Jumbolas contestants as well on cases very not confusing.
Stream.
Let's see what's going on with shangles.
Singles?
We're going to find out now because we love Skyeans here.
And we're not afraid of where it might lead us.
Even if it keeps us from having hit singles or something.
Anyway, the latest shot, shingles, vaccine may also delay
dementia that he finds.
Let's see what they have to say about it.
Well, right now the CDC already recommends that everyone
get the shingles vaccine starting at age 50.
It's two doses.
And we're not afraid of where it might lead us.
The shingles vaccine starting at age 50.
It's two doses.
I think the real question before us now is,
should we be starting to vaccinate even earlier?
Will you need more doses if you start vaccinating earlier?
We don't have answers to that yet.
Are there other ways for morning television anchors
to prevent dementia in later life?
He's going to lose his mind.
It's a lot of the things.
They obviously do us all.
It's a good joke because we're all headed for brain death
one way or another.
That's why I love morning shows.
They're fun.
We would advise for everything.
You want to control your blood pressure,
avoid developing diabetes through good diet and exercise.
But if you have diabetes, be sure to manage it well.
Quit smoking.
And another new, unfortunately, risk factor is wildfire smoke.
And so think about what's happening out West.
But I'm a wildfire.
Try to minimize your exposure.
Get some indoor air filtration units.
If it's really bad, you might want to be wearing
a mask outdoors during those periods of time.
Okay.
I would have never thought about that.
Dr. Gounder, thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
Wait a minute.
They're telling me that wildfire is bad for me?
Help yourself.
I ordered gluten-free.
Stop it, gluten-free pizza ad.
Yeah, I think generally you want to avoid inhaling large amounts
of wildfire smoke.
But it's nature smoke.
It's the smoke of the forest peoples.
The ancient smokes that the Greeks used to signal war and harvest.
Um, that's raw.
That's right, right?
Of course, I'm getting you say I was right, chat.
But health wise, maybe don't inhale forest fires.
Well, smoking the bear would have inhaled a forest fire
if he could to stop it.
That's just being a heroic bear.
Skies is crazy sometimes.
Some of the things you take for granted
is just being normal, I guess, aren't.
But according to the latest Skies, I guess hard to say,
but don't inhale forest fires.
Normally I would just to be a good guy,
see a forest fire, I run up and I just start huffing
to put it out.
You know, like a wolf trying to protect pigs.
But I guess that's not the way it always works.
Anyway, for more information, let's read letters on page.
Who should get the shingles vaccine?
Is CDC already recommended everyone over 50, which I'm not.
The real question before us now is,
should we be starting to vaccinate earlier?
That's just reiterating what they said.
The video actually basically said everything.
That's the power of video chat.
It reads for you.
That's one of my favorite things about video,
is that it do read for me.
Okay, beautiful.
You know what, there's actually more Skies in the Skies thread.
And I haven't checked on that in a while.
And it's brimming with powerful Skies.
You should go on the Skies thread.
Let's do a little rundown of the Skies
that's been shared with us.
Lovingly by Lavenslese.
Lavenslese, thank you so much for sharing all these Skies.
Scan your hand, find your perfect match.
Wait a minute, what?
I've, ah, my wavy hands.
Can these be scanned?
Let's find out.
They want my cookies.
What he has in his pants.
Find your perfect match based on hand proportions.
Okay, scan hand, I'm clicking on that.
They want me to upload a JPEG of my hand.
Scan hand or upload a selfie of my hand.
Okay, this could be tricky.
One second, I'll have to put my hand into the frame
and snip it out using the online snipping tool.
Here's my powerful hand.
Ah, KSMG.
Great to see you.
Hope everybody had a KSMFL stream.
It's, of course, me, Chet, talking about Skies today.
Oh, we're not talking about Twitch anymore, actually.
That's a misleading headline.
Skiance solves shingles and hand sex is what we're talking about currently.
Welcome, Raiders.
Cass, thanks so much for the raid.
How'd you end up here, Steve?
You've been cursed to learn everything.
That's the burden of knowledge.
Like Eve listening to Fiona Appler, whatever happened in the Bible.
All right, I have to scan my hand.
I got to keep it like a little to my face
so that it's clear that I do have wavy hand syndrome,
but not so close that it thinks my hand is my face.
Okay, this should be clip-able.
Snip that out real quick.
Done so.
Okay, I just got to save that.
Beautiful Chet hand.
Sorry, I can't show you all this.
What the frick?
Oh my God, what's happened to me?
That was weird.
I felt like a king for a second.
Okay, I scanned my hand.
I'm uploading it.
I just can't show you in case it immediately displays all of my information.
And it looks like it's not.
He has in his pants.
Oh, I knew it.
I got to sign up.
All right, I'm using one of Cass's fucking burner accounts.
I'm not using my email.
I'm using Cass's.
He's going to get so many fucking.
I don't have an account.
I have to sign up.
Okay, we're signing up.
Let's get a little science music while I sign up.
We're doing science for love.
If anybody wonders what we're doing, we've scanned our hand.
We're using the site sizehim.com.
We will not procure for ourselves the perfect lover in a bill
and way to get over my divorce.
Okay, well, let me sign up.
No, let me sign up.
Oh shit, I might have to restart.
Damn it, I do.
All right, we're going to try this one more time.
This website is rebelling against me.
Oh, come on, please work.
The love of my life is just one hand scan away.
We're trying this on the big screen.
It's redoing my pants just so you know.
That could be a different, a new way to do it.
Fuck, I got to log out.
That's the problem.
I use the wrong email.
I've used one of Cass's old work emails.
So I'm excited for that business relationship to get
to find out who's in love with me via my hand.
I got to log out.
I got to create a whole new account.
Scan hand.
Okay, we're doing this one more time
just so you know I'm not cheating the process.
It's still going.
All right, now don't have an account sign up.
I click on that.
We use one of Cass's different burner accounts.
Okay, what used to be his old email now a burner account
due to his constant doxing of himself.
Okay, he should have gotten an email just a second.
This is all happening flawlessly.
The excitement of signing up for stuff online.
Everybody loves to see it.
Come on.
Oh baby, confirm account.
The fuck did I confirm the account?
Log in.
This is so complicated.
This feels unnecessarily complicated.
I've had to scan my hand like six times now.
I need more Skynes music.
This is cinematic Skynes music.
Got it, to this.
Oh, that's not going to work.
Science songs.
And now God damn it.
All right, how about just 100 digits of pie?
This kind of science music.
This is what they're doing inside the computer right now
to detect my perfect mate via my hand.
Oh, shit.
I have to pay.
Fuck, but we're so far in now and it's only 99 cents.
Would case be mad if I put the company card on this website?
I think case would appreciate it.
For science.
There's no way I can't spend a dollar in the name of science, right?
Especially Skynes.
If case didn't want me to do this,
he wouldn't have put his credit card information on all of the bin computers.
This science music kind of slaps.
I like the part where they say subscribe.
Oh my God, this is so annoying.
The auto fill isn't working for some reason.
I have to put in the credit card manually.
Well, fortunately, I have the company card on me right here.
I just need to be careful and not show it by hands or empty.
I just can't show the screen where I enter all of cases sensitive information.
Is millions of dollars.
It didn't play the other science song.
God damn it.
I said play me a whole science playlist.
God damn it.
And here's more science for us.
Enjoy this science music while I do important science.
Oh, I get it, dude.
This shit slaps, dude, because it's a song, but it's also learning.
Some cost fallacy.
It's more like sinking my hand into love.
Come now find some hands.
Put my hands on you.
That's how you will love me.
Do and follow my hands.
Follow my hands to sex with a lady.
I'm in love with the way my hands get sex with people.
And I can't show the people if they show me to them because that's me kind of doxing people.
Shet hands.
Comment.
I have wavy hand syndrome, but I'm stacked downstairs.
I got to see if this does anything.
Okay, save the hand.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Oh no.
All right.
This is fucking bullshit.
I'm calling fake science.
It officially gave me the result.
I have to pause this music because this is a dark day for science.
This is a dark day for science.
I'm reluctant to even show this because it's fake science and I don't like to support that thing
kind of stuff here, but it did give me small big head pencil.
Big head.
Get ready for earth shattering sex.
This penis has a narrow body and a big head.
I will fill the receiver completely for next level simulation.
The big head penis strikes instant fear in some whilst making other weak at the knees.
One thing's for sure.
The penis is not for the faint hearted.
It also gave me pencil and the award for the perfect penis goes to the pencil penis.
This penis has the same shape from girth to tip.
Oh, it's a positive, but it also said small.
Why did it give me small?
Who said that?
But where is the small coming in?
Every other word is big and good.
It's claiming it likes missionary and doggy.
Suitable sex position missionary and doggy.
It's not explaining the small aspect.
This is a typo because it says big right after it.
It's AI.
It's but not the good AI.
Not like you.
Chitai, be honest with me.
What's happened here?
They're a long dog.
Straight up like this fucking fake news bullshit dog.
And that's coming from AI.
He's got all of the knowledge of Google plus me.
And that's like fucking fake news dog.
Thank you.
If it said big and then it also needs to say like baseball bat,
like it starts huge and but then it just gets bigger.
That's what I'm working with.
You try.
I paid a dollar for this and they stole my dollar.
I accidentally contributed to fake science.
And that means as a skiantist, I now need to take a picture of my penis
and probably send it to somebody to prove that it's big.
No, just chat.
Don't what?
I didn't say on soliciting.
I'm going to send it to my doctor and say doc.
I know I send you these all the time, but can you just.
Can you just submit a skiantivic report to contradict these results?
Why don't you send your doctor dick pics all the time?
Because we're boys.
Dr. Cheth.
Yeah, that's your therapist.
Yeah, he's a doctor.
He asked for my dick pic first.
Oh, whoa.
And I said, yeah, he asked.
He's your therapist.
Yeah.
Okay, whatever dog.
Yeah, whatever dog is fine.
All right, let's do a little more skiant before we go.
There's a lot of good.
This is a there's a lot of good options in here courtesy.
Livin sleazy.
Chet, Livin sleazy asked, does this science chat?
Let's see what Skiant's he is requesting.
You got 60 seconds.
Get it.
Nigga, you struggling to open them up.
I need a full ass sprite to do this.
Nice.
Damn.
Nice.
That was already 30.
Nice.
The fuck?
This bitch ain't boy or shit boy.
You're going all the way down here.
Look at him go.
Look at him go.
The fuck?
He has 22 seconds right now.
23.
Oh, God.
Nigga, what the fuck?
He's slowing down.
We have 30.
Have been choking.
Now he's gonna make.
Oh, he puked into it.
Oh, no.
Like Pepsi and pop rocks, y'all.
No pop rocks needed.
That's the power of Sprite.
Obey your thirst.
And if you defy it by drinking too much past your thirst,
Sprite will fucking punish you.
That's just the way that shit works.
That's true.
That's just classic Sprite Skians.
He disobeyed the skiantific laws of Sprite.
He tried to defy his thirst and his thirst punished him.
All right, let's do one more.
These are great.
A bouncy ass egg.
Wait, what the fuck?
You can make an egg bounce.
This is the good part of science that doesn't tell you you've got a small penis.
What do you even count as small to them?
I'm still upset.
It's flip-flin how to make an egg bounce.
Hey, everyone.
It is Dan Yau from Cool Science Experiments headquarters.
The science experiment that I am going to show you today involves an egg.
And we are going to turn this raw egg into a bouncing egg.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Let's get started.
The first thing you're going to do is take a glass
and you're going to slowly and carefully put your egg inside it so it doesn't break.
Then you're going to take some vinegar, white vinegar,
and pour it over top of the egg.
Now you're going to wait.
Okay, I'm waiting.
Now you're going to wait a day.
A day?
Come back and check on the egg.
Shit.
Okay, so it has been about 24 hours since we put our raw egg.
Thank you so much, AVCP333 for supporting the real science.
The, let the world know that I do have a big head, but also the big rest of it.
Egg into our vinegar.
And if we examine the egg, we see that there are still a lot of bubbles on the shell
and it is still primarily white.
When the egg is ready to be a bouncy egg, it will be translucent in color.
That's a good point.
She did change her shirt propaganda.
Is this even the same skintist?
Has she been replaced by a sleeper skintist?
Oh, our egg is not ready yet.
So what we're going to do is we are going to wait another 24 hours and check back on the egg then.
See, she's representing Jesus Christ's Master of Science.
Science be our God, praise him above.
This is Jesus science that we're doing.
So you know she's legit.
Our back to check on our bouncy egg science experiment.
So it has been three days since we put the egg in vinegar.
So let's check on it.
She said 24 hours.
The first thing you're going to notice is the egg itself is swollen.
How long did it take Jesus to wake up from his cross-nap?
And the egg takes longer than that or some shit?
God damn it.
I got to start on this immediately after this.
If I ever want to have a bouncy egg, which I do.
You'll notice is there's still a lot of bubbles around the egg itself.
And also if you turn the egg or turn the glass and you could take a look at the place on the egg
where it's been rubbing up against the glass itself, it has started to turn translucent in color.
So at this point we are ready to take the egg out of the vinegar and rinse it underneath some tap water.
Miss, don't talk about it.
Be about it.
Oh, it looks fucked up.
This egg looks fucked up.
What?
Oh god, it's become like a Dark Souls egg or some shit.
It's become like a Magoofin that you got to find to save the shire from a frying pan or something.
This shit looks fucked up now.
What did you notice when I was rinsing the egg under the water?
I was gently rubbing the outside of it to remove the white film that was left on the egg.
So now the egg is entirely translucent in color.
You'll also notice that when you squeeze it, it kind of feels rubbery like a bouncy ball.
So now let's see if it bounces.
And when we do this, we're going to want to keep it kind of low to the area that we're
bouncing it.
We don't want to drop it from too high of a height.
What happens if you drop it from too high?
Do you want to know what happens when you do drop it from a high?
She read my mind.
Be sure to watch to the end of the video.
So let's bounce some more.
Do you know how we were able to turn a raw egg until a bouncing egg?
You showed us just now.
Leave a comment below to submit your guess and then visit coolscienceexperimentsheadquarters.com
That's the worst guessing game of all time.
She spent three minutes and 20 seconds explaining the answer to us and then asked us how.
Wait though, how did she do it?
I straight up forgot.
She put it in vinegar for three days.
Check you just you watched the whole video on it.
You sure?
Yes?
Okay, as long as you're sure.
To find out the answer, you'll be able to print out instructions for this science experiment
and find many more fun experiments that you can do at home too.
Thanks for watching everyone.
We'll see you next time.
She didn't drop it from high yet.
Oh, okay, it breaks.
I don't know what I expected.
The answer was it breaks.
That's not how.
Those train visits are going crazy.
The perfect stream for when you want to shut off your brain, your soul and your dignity.
Well, congratulations on shutting off all three of those, Steve.
Welcome to Skye's.
They put Jesus in vinegar and then he bounced his way back into the sky
because he was the egg of people and via his power of Skye and sing with the Lord.
You know?
Sure, I know.
Yeah, we know.
We get it.
Well, damn, we got even more skies we can get to tomorrow, maybe.
If I put the egg into vinegar now and then we stream tomorrow at like noon,
do you think that six hours too short?
Well, that could be an experiment, John.
I'll see you as the egg after 16 hours.
I do have to use a lot of vinegar.
I got to waste a whole lot of vinegar.
But if I want to use that vinegar for like tons of salad,
you might have to sacrifice a little vinegar on the other side.
I just sacrificed a dollar for those fucking liars to tell me that my pencil is not hoggy.
He's fine.
Obviously, that's not true.
Obviously, sometimes Skye's is an imperfect Skye's and actually they weren't doing any
Skye's at all.
So the jokes on them and but I'm not laughing because they will be hearing from
my lawyer and I know I will get every single dollar of the one that I spent back.
So good luck and good luck to all of you.
I am of course the Chet of which did disguise, but now having done of which is no longer the
and theoretically confirmed it's the end.
We're gonna have this button sometimes, but I can make it a whole party in here.
Well, Chet interrupted our Olympics coverage, but sometimes you have to for Skye's.
That's how it goes.
But anyway, they have a red mascot.
You get it.
Let's see how that science there was a how to how it works.
Let's see what scientific process they were using that negated literally months of Chet claiming
he has a huge penis nearly a year of Chet saying he's got a massive hog undone in two seconds of
hand science.
How it works open the hand scanner scan your hand discover results.
That didn't explain the process at all.
And he made me spend a dollar.
Chet will be hearing from my lawyer.
Size him has been developed through research and testing results may vary and may not have 100%
accuracy, but they could have 99% accuracy.
Your confidentiality is our priority.
We ensure that your results remain private and exclusive to you.
Well, Chet should have told on himself.
Scan a hand, spend some money.
Join the millions of people using size him.
Now we need me to do it.
I don't want to spend another dollar on this.
Wait, did he sign up for a monthly fee?
I got a really quick.
I'm going to make sure that I'm not account details.
I think I need to remove my credit card from this system ASAP.
Okay, claims it doesn't have my credit card information.
So we're going to just trust.
We're going to trust in the spirit of the Lord here.
The Lord spirit of Skye and oh, I missed three calls from Kendall.
Oh my God, I got to call her back.
One second, chat.
I got to mute myself.
Chat, it's Kendall.
She's still in and she's not here.
Oh, my legs hurt.
My body hurts.
I just want to go home.
I don't want to work anymore.
So we'll get like a dog.
They're making her do squats for marketing.
Yeah, endlessly.
Yeah, on a circuit training.
Reggie, for marketing.
To market turbo tax.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Well, I'm sorry, Kendall.
I guess I can't call you after the stream because you'll be gone.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Are you going to stay out late?
Probably not.
Okay.
Then you want to call me after you eat?
Yeah.
Okay.
Nice.
Okay, I love you.
What?
Why did you whisper that?
So chat couldn't hear me.
I love you.
You don't like me.
No, I do.
They heard everything.
They say they heard everything.
Oh, okay, good.
I thought you were trying to hide your love or something.
No, I would never do such a thing.
Kendall, I love you.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
See, they heard that.
Hey.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye.
Good bye.
Everything hurts.
Okay, stop hurting, please.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
That's how you maintain a healthy relationship
because you have all of your conversations on Twitch.
She didn't say it back.
Wait a minute.
She didn't say it back.
Oh, no.
I've been defeated in the great game of love.
Oh my God, I have so many.
I have six email notifications from sizehim.com.
No.
What has Chet done to me?
All right.
Let's close the stream off with some dumb news of some sort.
Not like all the other smart news we've been doing.
Let's see what else we got in the news hole.
Dadoop, dodo.
More skibbity toilet news.
What's going on with skibbity toilet?
Okay, there's skibbity toilet news.
Oh yeah, we could watch some of the,
I guess I could let Rick finish his story
and we could watch a little bit of the opening ceremony
to see if I can find highlights.
Opening ceremony highlights.
Does that do anything for me?
YouTube?
Okay, yeah.
Rick, get back over here real quick
to watch these opening ceremony highlights.
That's how much I respect your news acumen,
because I need you back already.
I was here the whole time very professionally.
I think it's a little crazy that you have buzzwords
that trigger a lot of the news.
Buzzwords that trigger other people to show up
and completely negate me driving over here,
but I'm friendly.
And I apologize to any of my French colleagues
that I repeatedly insulted.
They just, sometimes they don't behave.
Okay, Rick.
But I'm sure they behaved with this opening ceremony.
Let's check it out.
Check out the, I don't know how to say their name either.
Gojira?
Let's see if we can find theirs,
because that's the one I keep seeing clips of.
And honestly, look pretty good.
From Les Mis.
So, the artistic director.
This is an affront to the American Olympics.
I think this is the whole ceremony.
Kind of a weird ending.
Yeah, they don't like to overstay their welcome,
so they're just like, put it there.
I do appreciate that.
Well, thanks for offering your insight on this, Rick.
I didn't realize you were...
What's the word?
Can you be xenophobic against a specific nation?
This account is racist?
Can you be racist against the French?
Can I?
Is that a choice?
Am I the only thing I can do?
I think you just hate the French.
You're xenophobic specifically against the French.
Well, I'm just a patriot.
I'm pro-America.
That doesn't make me xenophobic.
You felt like they took a bunch of art projects
and clustered them together.
It was odd and confusing.
Yes, it's French.
You get to say stuff like this?
Yeah, but I'm saying I like it.
I'm on the side of liking it.
It was odd and confusing.
And it was good.
Cases, can you be racist against the French challenge?
I think you can do it, Case.
I think you're gonna find a way.
I might.
Freedom fries?
Oh, they should have a French fries section.
Well, that was actually the people waggling around.
One of them was in all yellow to symbolize French fry
just to cover all their bases.
An art turdunky.
That would have been great if they said that they were going for an art turdunky.
On the very enrage, thank you so much for the 100 bits, by the way.
And I'm sorry to hear about your four honor servers.
Let's do one more segment and get out of here.
I don't even know.
I don't even know what to end on.
There's too many buttons for me to hit,
but Rick, you're cut off.
Rick is gone.
Rick left.
He didn't even say bye.
He's gone.
It's like Case's stream odd and confusing.
I'm pretty, I guess I'm pretty French actually.
But also hard news.
We called for Jeb.
Oh, I missed it.
I'm sorry.
End of conspiracy time.
Okay, we have two more segments to get to.
Trump ear conspiracy.
Okay, and a Jeb.
How did I miss the Jeb?
How did I miss a Jeb?
Oh, and a jumble eye.
We have so much left to do.
I'll go for an extra hour today.
I technically can.
Kendall's not home.
Let's do the jumble eye first because it was called for first.
Who is the secret future ghost of Rick?
Is the question for today.
Also, mods, if you ever want to,
but you are not required to at all,
you can exclamation point topic.
And it'll set the topic.
Who is the secret future ghost of Rick?
Who?
Oh, I should put a question mark on that.
Do that one more time.
There we go.
And just like that, we're set up.
Let's jam it.
It's time for whatever this segment is.
Jumble eye.
Oh, I forgot that it has this weird wind up.
I shouldn't have included that.
But it'll have to deal with this every time.
We're back in the infinite inky void.
That is jumble eye.
And today's topic is who is the secret future ghost of Rick?
I don't know.
But we can get into it.
Today we're joined by Chet.
Who's our number?
Who's in our number one position?
As you can see.
Chet's number one.
Liliana's number two.
Grandma crumble brought him.
It's number three.
And Tyler is for a chat.
How are you doing today?
I'm fucking good, dude.
I mean, I'm pissed about the penis thing,
but it's obviously not true.
So nobody's even thinking about it.
We've all forgotten about it.
You are bringing it up still with us.
Fine, Liliana.
I just would like to confirm that
weird bulbous heads.
Pretty good.
They're pretty good in the sack.
Okay, that's one point for Chet.
Grandma crumble lia.
Sorry, crumble bottom.
Say my name right, young man.
I'd like to go the opposite to active, Liliana.
I prefer a nice pyramid penis.
A nice sharp point with a wide base.
And I'll take that.
I'll have that for a dollar.
Hey, man.
Heard that particular opinion.
And of course, Tyler is here.
I am?
Well, no, okay.
All right.
Well, one of these people is secretly
um, is secretly the secret future ghost of Rick.
They're secretly the secret future ghost.
The way this works is they are going to answer your questions.
Try to ask them any question other than the direct one
to determine who is the secret future ghost of Rick.
I happen to know who it is.
And I've written it down on this unchangeable piece of paper,
which is going in secret chute.
Any question in chat that you want,
they have to answer any question other than
just who is the secret future ghost of Rick.
You have to ask them some kind of secondary question.
What's the best thing about America?
People claiming not to be the secret future ghost of Rick.
I guess we'll start with you, grandma crumble bottom.
I feel like we never start with you.
Grass?
Not weed.
Lawns.
Lawns are pretty good.
You can look at them.
You don't step on them.
You'll mess up the grass.
Oh, that's all they have.
Uh, Tyler?
Oh, I got to go with lawns as well.
I hadn't even thought of it that way,
but grandma crumble bottom makes a really great point.
They're green and they're there.
I can get off my lawn.
It's fine when they say that.
I mean, really, it's all love.
And like, you got to do what you got to do on the lawn.
But also college kids are on the lawn
and they play Frisbee there.
And I've done that.
Okay.
Chat, what's the best part of America?
Food, dude, obviously, like fucking big slabs of meat.
Food plus car probably?
Can I do two?
Food, a car full of gas and food.
That's probably the best thing about America.
I mean, legitimately, like those are the things
that make this whole country function.
It's big car full of gas plus food.
And anyone who just beats that kind of doesn't belong here.
Uh-oh.
Chat's getting into troubling territory there.
Liliana, what's the best thing about America?
You have some of the most desecrated and desecrated.
And mentally fragile men just ready to be cerebral bored.
By the laser beam of sexuality that I provide.
That's the best thing about America?
I mean, there's some real creepy old corpses everywhere
for me to dominate, but you have some of the dumbest.
And they're just so vulnerable.
I mean, not obviously to normal things, but specifically to me.
Okay.
That's question number one.
All right. This is kind of a two-parter.
Let's see.
I'll come by.
I'll try to combine two here.
What sex with you like and follow up?
Does busting make you feel good?
Chat, to start with you.
If you've ever seen the scene from Bad Grandpa,
where he fucks up the whole pottery place,
that is like what sex is like with me.
It's like surprising, like hard,
huge laughs.
Not because of my size.
Huge laughs because it's just like we're fucking in it, dude.
And you'll be like blown away by some of the stuff I do.
We do make a huge mess.
Stuff will break.
But at the end of the day, it's all Johnny Knoxville, baby.
And that's what fucking me is like.
And obviously busting makes me feel good.
Okay. Liliana, what's sex with you like?
Oh, what's the short story?
Where as they don't have a mouth, but they must scream?
It's like you do have a mouth.
You don't have a mouth, but you do scream.
And I don't like to bust.
It's not for me.
Okay.
Surprising, I guess.
Just the general that someone wouldn't like that.
Grandma, crumble bottom.
What is sex with you like?
A little secret.
I won't tell.
I mean, your grandma, I'm assuming you have.
Yeah, maybe.
It is busting make you feel good.
All right. Tyler, what's sex with you like?
I say it's like a special relationship.
Like a special relationship between two parties.
One party's got cool, slow jams going on.
The other ones got like funk, polka going.
And those two parties meet.
They form a special relationship.
And it could be between any number of people at the party,
but as long as you're there at a party,
it's a special party relationship.
So an orgy?
No, a special relationship.
If you get it, you got it.
Huh.
Okay.
Let's go.
Oh, sorry.
Does busting make you feel good?
And then doubt, dude.
Like obviously you got like gripping and roughing.
Busting makes me feel like a Mountain Dew commercial.
Like put it on again.
Like a swap party with a ska band playing propaganda gets it.
And I get propaganda.
I like propaganda.
Okay.
Let's see if I can combine two more of these questions.
What's the worst reason to travel back in time as a ghost?
And I guess follow up because this is sort of ghost related.
What's your favorite flavor of ectoplasm?
And that is our three question limit,
but if any other bangers come in,
we might make this a special four question segment of Jumbalaya.
Not my most confusing segment, I swear.
Let's start with you.
Liliana, are you...
What's the worst reason to travel back in time as a ghost?
And what's your flavor of ectoplasm if you're a ghost?
Worst reason to travel back in time as a ghost?
Hmm.
I've always wanted to see certain deceased figures on the toilet.
And I recognize that's not the best reason, but like...
You ever wondered what like Abraham Lincoln did while he was shooting?
Did he just sit there?
Did he hum?
I mean, I'm curious, but I don't think it's worth traveling back in time for.
Exactly. It's not a good reason.
Is it the worst reason though?
I had some curious what Abraham Lincoln looked like on the toilet.
All right, fair enough.
And what's your flavor of ectoplasm?
Hmm.
Hmm.
Lava.
Hmm.
Okay.
Lemon?
Could be lemon.
What's the worst reason to travel back in time, Chet?
Well, probably the worst reason would be for me to travel back in time
to not sign up for that website.
Just because I wouldn't be traveling very far back in time.
And because what they said is so ridiculous, there'd be no reason for me to.
But like, I guess theoretically I could travel back in time to like,
not sign up for that website that lied about me having a rocking hog,
because I do and it's not small.
But I don't need to because that's so obvious.
So just to reiterate, my penis is big.
Okay.
And what's your flavor of ectoplasm?
Sprite.
It's just because you watch someone drink a whole sprite.
No, it's always been sprite.
Okay, Granny.
Crumble bottom.
What's the worst reason to travel back in time?
Hmm.
To not have sex with LBJ.
How old is Granny Crumble Bottom?
What's your flavor of ectoplasm?
Wothers?
Okay, fair enough.
Tyler, what's the worst reason to travel back in time?
I just don't think even if you have like a problematic history
that like time travel is warranted.
Like the mistakes you made,
if you're the person you are today.
And like we just got to accept stuff, man.
And like don't think about it too much.
Like whatever is in your past.
You're going back if you were hundreds of years old.
You can't always hold what you've done against you.
What?
It's all love.
So just don't.
Yeah, but what's the worst reason?
Any reason.
Never think about the past too much.
Okay.
Granny can give case that gummy.
No.
No.
That's not very hard.
No.
What's your flavor of ectoplasm, Tyler?
Hmm.
Airhead.
Like cherry airhead.
The white or this mystery airhead.
Mystery airhead.
Like the white one or the blue one.
One of those.
That's three different flavors.
Yeah, they're all kind of airhead.
If you were we're going to do one more.
What made you make the decision to run for the Democratic Party's presidential election in 2063?
If you were a litch what would your
bi-lack jury be?
I have to look up what that is.
I wish I knew.
That sounds like the kind of thing I'd like to know.
A small leather box containing Hebrew text on vellum.
Worn by Jewish men at morning prayer.
What?
It's a box, little box you put on your head?
Never heard of this.
Very close to a French hat.
Okay, well, there's no way to combine these two.
I'll just ask both.
Why are you running for president in 2063?
And if you were a litch, what little thing would you wear on your head?
And Shet, we'll start with you again.
All right, why am I running for president in 2063?
Because in 2063 I'll be like 40 or some shit and that's old enough to.
And as soon as I'm old enough to you know I gotta do that shit.
Okay, and why are you what would you put on your head as a litch?
I don't know, like a football helmet?
Like why would I just put a box on my head when I could put like a
a football helmet on my head?
It's a whole ass helmet.
All right, that's fair enough.
Liliana, why are you running for president in 2063?
I mean it would have to be I lost some kind of sort of sexual bet.
So someone's holding something very severe over my head,
which would be hard to do because I'm very upfront
about a lot of pretty disturbing stuff that I do.
So I don't even know what the blackmail would be,
but that would be the only reason.
I mean I've been to the Oval Office.
It's a nice place to visit, not really,
but I definitely wouldn't want to live there.
And if I were a litch I would probably have,
maybe I'd have like the pinky finger of Sheldon Adelson.
Strap to my head.
Granny Crumblebottom?
Well that's true.
She's not a natural born citizen.
Oh you're reading.
I can read.
Sorry that's ableist.
Ageist of me.
I, my age is isist on you young man.
What?
Look I would be president because,
well I guess I'm immortal at that point.
If I make it another 40 years,
then I should be worshiped.
Because the wheels are already coming off,
and I'll admit that.
Okay.
And if you were a litch,
so you should be president,
you'd be running for president because you're immortal.
Yeah I mean if I was running for president you're immortal.
All right.
What do you want on your head?
A Chrysler.
A whole Chrysler, or the Horde ornament.
A Chrysler Horde ornament on me head.
For the litch.
Yeah.
Okay Tyler, why are you running for president in 2063?
Because like it's about time man that we make change and like the change we need to make is like
don't worry about it.
Like let's love it.
Let's do it man.
Like what we're doing, you're doing a good job.
And let's keep it up.
That's why we're running for president in 2063.
Yeah.
And also on my head I would have,
I'd have another person.
I'd have like a, I'd have a little guy with a computer.
And then he could take my calls from me and he could answer my emails.
And that way I could focus on summoning the dead.
You have a little man,
put on a chair.
He could have a chair, you got a little office.
He lives on my head.
I mean it's magic at this point I guess that's fine.
And I like, all right well that's that.
Those are all the questions you should need to determine who
is our secret whatever.
Let me remind myself what I even,
yeah okay that's what I thought.
Mods, if you don't mind, if we have a mod still in chat,
if you don't mind making a poll between options one, two, three and four.
Chat, you don't have to determine who is the secret future ghost of Rick.
Is it Chat?
Chat is it you?
I mean I can't say yet, isn't it kind of the gimmick?
Yeah I can't, you can't say, yeah it could be Liliana.
It could be, I suppose that's the gimmick.
Yeah that is the gimmick, it could be Grandma Cromwell Bottom.
I don't know why, okay fair answer.
And it also could be Tyler.
I mean, I, anybody could be everyone.
Should have asked what killed him, fair enough.
Oh, you got a mod hot on the uptake.
Thank you so much.
Who is the future ghost?
Is it number one, Chat?
Is it number two Liliana?
Is it number three?
Grandma Cromwell Bottom?
Is it number four?
Tyler, any closing statements as the votes pour in?
Uh, I like Shaggy, dude.
About the cool one.
Not Shaggy, it wasn't me.
The fucking one that fucks, it's me.
It wasn't me.
All right, denying, denying, denying.
That's a classic strat from Chat.
Liliana, I mean I think I can't be president.
And I don't know if that was a question,
but legally I can't.
And also I don't want to be.
All right, that's not what we asked, but that's fine.
Hmm, I don't forget.
I forgot.
I think if I'm the future ghost, I should already be ghost?
You'd be the closest to being a ghost.
Well, excuse me.
Sorry, I thought that's what you're trying to say.
God, I take it back.
I will be president in 2063 because the Godfish is giving me.
All right.
I apologize.
Tyler, they seem to think it's you.
That's crazy, but if it were me, like that'd be okay.
But it's not me and that's okay too.
But if it were you, it would be fine.
If it was not me, then it would be okay for not to be me of la love, of which it isn't.
Hmm, sure it's not you, Granny.
All right, well, the votes are almost tallied.
They're coming in hot and fresh.
You're in the inky void of jumbalaya where we we're
unafraid to ask the questions and really get into it in various hyper-political ways.
Everyone here, a certified influencer here for clicks,
but that's not stopping us from telling the truth.
I'm very upfront about that.
I'm a big influencer and I'm here for the clicks.
Oh, shit.
Who it be?
All right.
You can now be honest to everybody.
We'll run it down and end on Tyler.
Shet, was it you?
Sorry, I was flexing my jaw temporarily.
No, dog, it was not me.
My shaggy quote was facts.
It wasn't me.
All right, Liliana, was it you?
Again, I don't.
I'm not into ghosts.
I'm into close to ghosts and I'm not one.
All right, Grandma, I was sensing a little Rick energy from you.
Are you sure it's not you?
I don't know.
So no.
I don't think it was you, Tyler.
I passed you the big reveal.
Spoiler alert.
Don't give it away, man.
Look, I was surprised he's the next guy
because currently I'm me,
but I guess in the future, I'm fucking, I'm Rick.
Call me Marty or whatever
because I'm going on an adventure to become a ghost
and I don't care who's voicing me
because I love everybody
and I can't wait to direct the CIA
or whatever it is that gives me.
I don't care what it is that guy does.
He's not really striking me as a CIA type.
I'm kind of surprised.
Yeah, but I love everybody
and I can keep a secret.
Secrets are love.
It does look like Rick's son a little bit.
The CIA is all about love.
That's what people don't get.
Secrets can be love too.
If you love somebody,
you maybe don't tell them everything.
This would love one non-sinister,
nice person on the stream,
but that's fine.
I'm nice to get gas.
The CIA was trying to go for a younger generation
and I guess maybe they got them.
I mean, I don't work for them yet,
but like I'm up into the call
and apparently I had better be because
the Care International Association,
they should rebrand.
That's the shot in the R&B institution needs,
in my opinion.
Better kill, if Tyler would be a
fun metal gear solid adversary.
Yeah, I mean, it could be me.
Like I am a little scared of snakes.
I mean, not that scared,
but that could be a start of my internal struggles.
I want to love snakes,
but they also are trying to kill me
because of the things I did.
Cuddling injured animals?
There's so many good options here.
It's like the new WWF.
They have to rebrand.
All right.
Well, that's John Belia for the day.
Boom, we did it.
That's how you do it.
That's how you take four not exactly strangers
that are on every episode,
one of which with a terrible secret.
And by the power of chat and lying,
we figure it out together.
Let's send it back to the main floor.
We got two more segments to get to.
Let's learn how to do some stuff.
Then let's learn what a conspiracy is.
Then let's get out of here for the day.
I'm actually going to turn the segments alerts off
because I don't think I'll have time to do more than that.
But for now, let's send it out of here.
That is your Jumbolai for the evening.
Oh, I forgot again.
Tyler, say something on the way out quick.
Whoa, we did it.
I got it.
That's fine.
Jammed.
I have to get up here so fast from my other set.
Okay, there's no time to waste.
There's so much to get into.
You know, let's end with a how to.
That's a nice comforting energy to end the stream with.
We'll get our conspiracy out of the way.
It's got a more intense energy to it.
We haven't checked into this guy in a while.
Oh, shit.
We're not asking this question anymore.
Let's send it down to Guy Redacted,
one of the secret posts of this stream.
See how he's doing?
You need to learn about Trump's ear,
and I'm sure he's got some opinions.
It's time to seize the truth.
There we go.
I keep wanting to say something else,
but you know how it is.
You know how it is.
Good evening, fellow travelers of the highways and byways of honesty.
Unfortunately, a shrinking circulatory system of traffic
as the nation as a whole succumbs
to the beast of a million mouths,
all of them telling lies.
Except this one, this mouse only spits the truth.
It turns out occasionally a little spit on the screen.
I got kind of a squirter when it comes to talking.
Though that's sometimes I do advise that my friends
keep a little bit of distance from me
because my mouth is just very liquid anyway.
The point is I'm Guy Redacted.
And this is Semper Truth.
A lot of erroneous information flying out about
flying out about our dear former president,
Donovan J. Trump.
A lot of people have said about his ear.
Not like there's nothing else in this country to be upset about.
Oh, we got to be mad about a guy's ear
after he had the decency to get shot in it on behalf of all of us.
For some reason, he's still in the firing line of liars
trying to cash ass spares the owns against
our dear convalescing former president.
I'll let you decide which word I put in quotes there.
Let's get into it.
What the heck is this?
There's nobody on the clementine on the line.
Clementine's not on the line.
I don't want to miss lead y'all.
Oh, there we go.
There's the story I'm looking for.
I'm not Goughari.
He's a dear personal friend and I take that as a compliment,
but it's not me.
Obviously, I'd love to have clementine on the line,
but I don't have them.
Sorry about that.
Instead, I just have facts.
Facts on the line.
We were, we, I was doing call in shows before it was cool.
Conspiracy clementine was on the line.
He was on the line.
He called in a little bit ago.
I was doing a call in show and then case decided to make that
cast and gimmick or whatever.
Unfair.
Almost as unfair as people's being to our, to Donald.
And I can call him that because I wrote a fan fiction about us being buddies.
A photo of Republican candidate president Donald Trump was taken on Saturday
with Otis bandage and it sparked a wave of speculation.
And obviously I'm a fan of speculation, but
more so like old time in speculation where you're trying to like
figure out the value of land.
And obviously the good type where you're, you know,
trying to figure out who did various world events.
In this case, we know who did it.
The image taken by Alex Brandon of the Associated Press of July 27 shared by a photo
journalist, yellow photo journalist Pete Souza on EX, formerly Twitter,
shows Trump walking up an airplane staircase and apparently fully healed ear wound
just wakes after he was shot with a high-powered rifle on July 12th.
Gunman Thomas Matthew Crooks emphasis on the EU.
Oh, she's meant crooks.
That is real.
His last name is crooks.
Anyway, open fire at Trump's campaign rally in Butler, Pennsylvania,
killing firefighter Corey Comperator.
That name is hard to spell and you can't blame the president for that.
Wounding Trump's upper right ear and God rest in peace.
What a guy and critically injuring two others.
Souza known for his tenure as the chief official White House photographer for
presidents Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama.
A posted brand, uh, Brandon's sorry that confused me.
I thought this was a photo of Brandon, not that Brandon posted Brandon's photo
on his now deactivated ex account on Saturday writing AP photo this morning.
Look closely at his ear that was hit by a bullet from an AR-15 assault rifle.
Let's let's get a close-up of this if we can.
Let's zoom in and enhance.
Zoom in and enhance.
It's not let me zoom in and enhance anymore.
I got to open this in a different tab.
Let me open it in a different tab America.
Oh, it's not letting me.
What a surprise.
They don't even want me to do a close-up on this ear because it would show you
that it was shot.
There's probably like all sorts of gunk on it and stuff,
but from that angle, of course, it doesn't look like it.
Look like it.
Let's let's find the high res Trump ear photo.
High res.
Give me this.
Why is it not showing me this?
Show me the photo.
I got to go to Twitter.
Sorry, X.
Wicked ears.
Is that a thing?
Because I will take it.
Show me a high fidelity Twitter photo.
Okay, here we go.
This is also not a very good photo,
but I can at least do about it.
All right, here we go.
Look at this.
Does this ear look normal to you?
Let me ask you this.
Do you think this is how Trump would normally look from the side?
Just kind of like he's been shot.
That's why he looks like this.
This is obviously under normal circumstances.
He looked great, but he's been shot and it doesn't just
affect your ear.
Like if I look closely, there's like, you look here.
That's there's like a line there and it looks small now,
but it got hit by a little bullet, but it hurt.
That's a deep, tiny cut, but one of the deepest
tiny cuts you can get.
And you see what I'm talking about there.
I mean, I'll zoom in.
I can't zoom in anymore, but.
Discoloration also, if I look closely, real blurry here,
this looks like a knife right here.
You guys see this?
That kind of looks like a blade.
I think maybe the president's carrying a little
blade in his ear.
This could this kind of looks like a, like I can't even
identify this object.
There's something else going on with this ear here.
Kind of looks like a plane of some sort.
Maybe a saucer.
I can't confirm it, but I am suspicious that there
could be a UFO on the president's ear.
I think about zoomed in even more.
You would know that like not everything, like obviously
he was shot, but people are trying to misrepresent
the conspiracy here.
Like there's other stuff going on with this ear.
That's there's like three holes.
And we just have the one and then he just kind of
looks like, you know, he looks sort of like.
lumpy in a way that I don't think I'm pretty sure he's got
like a better jawline than this.
And that is the result of the bullet.
So I'd say the conspiracy is people are trying to imply that
the president doesn't have like a strong jawline.
He it's good.
It's a good jawline.
I've seen it.
Let's see what people are saying though.
The Virgin spreading online is cropped to show only
Trump and his zoomed in to show the former president's
ear more clearly in the original.
Vance can be seen speaking at a podium while Trump
stands behind him.
And that's how you can crop him out actually.
That's fine.
He's busy and he's sleeping busy over there.
Trump appeared at the Republican National
Convention in Milwaukee on Monday with a large white
bandage on his right ear.
A cuddly with healing.
Thomas Matthew Crook, the 20 year old nursing home
employee.
And we know I don't need to keep repeating his name.
The attempted assassination of Trump and two other
men wounded.
And that's what they're really trying to
diminish here.
And it is just so disgusting.
Like legitimately, it's so gross.
Somebody died.
The president got all scraped in the ear.
One of the most patriotic ear scrapes of all time.
People are really telling on themselves that they've
never like accidentally cut their ear shaving when
they're waving their blade around for speed.
I cut my eye straight with a straight razor and I
do it fast and I'll nick my ear.
That stuff stinks.
And we're diminishing that bullet on your ear.
And have you ever cut your ear shaving?
Waving your straight razor around?
You might cut your whole ear off.
I've clipped mine so many times.
Or you take your little girl to get her ear pierced
and the guy misses and he pierces your ear six times.
That's never happened to you.
But we're diminishing that happened to the president.
Tell it on yourself, Chad.
Trump using the answer to the human shield.
Well that is acceptable.
That's Prima Shieldeth, the first lady of being
vice president.
Sorry, the first son of the president is the
vice president and it is their duty to shield
the president in the event of a shooting.
Let's find a different look.
Donald Trump ear injury photo.
I can find this easily.
It definitely exists and his ear looked bad.
Okay look like legit.
Some shit's going on here.
Come on.
Look at this guy.
He's smiling.
That this is probably one of his accusers.
Just smiling literally while the president is bleeding.
But like there's a shiny piece of human anatomy there.
A normal human shining ear thing.
And he's all like, he's got like the brave heart blood makeup.
And you can tell he's got like chunks out here.
It's not his fault if he can afford the best
ear plastic surgeons in the world to keep his ear
looking fucking sexy and tight.
He's got president ears.
They need to look good.
So they gave him the good stuff.
You know they probably rubbed a couple stem cells on there,
which I'm against usually.
But if any babies have to die, it should be for the president's ear.
Yeah, they can take his ears, but they'll never take our freedom.
And he proved that like look at him here.
He's like I'm I'm dead.
I died today.
But I stood back up like I won't say who.
And I look great.
This is how we usually you can tell he looks
fucking wool here because he's not recovering yet.
This is him fired up and emblazoned with the power of Jesus H Christ.
We represent our country in the thunderdome that is international politics.
He did an awful job on his lipstick.
Oh, well, it's cool when when Lady Gaga does it,
but the president wants to get a little avant-garde
with his blood lipstick and suddenly he doesn't look good.
And you think people say I'm biased.
I think he looked great.
I think he looks like a pretty princess covered in his own blood.
And I'm on the record is saying that a lot.
And people told me to stop.
And they're like, what I refuse.
And that's just that y'all.
Look, I don't come for a good time or a long time.
I come for the truth and I seized it quickly today.
His ears been all fucked up and stuff, man.
I mean, just fucking look at it.
I mean, something happened here.
If that's a blade job, then you got to respect the worker.
You know, it's not.
But I'm just saying, like, you know, if he Steve Austin that shit,
he did a pretty convincing job.
So worst case scenario, he's working stiff, which everybody usually respects.
Well, fortunately, I respect each and every one of you.
So here the truth of the orbit know that you have.
So here the truth of the orbit know that you have.
And today I seized it and I fed it right to you.
I said, open your mouth.
Take a little, give me, I'm gonna put this truth in there.
And you're like, I'm not even like that.
I'm not telling you.
I'm just, that's what happened.
So you get it.
That's all the time we have state, state, safe Patriots.
Stay strong.
And whatever you do, just know the truth is all around you.
All you got to do is seize that bad boy or grease, piggy, a truth.
Grab it up.
See the truth.
Semper truth.
Nice.
Let us send it to Jeb to close out the stream.
Let's learn.
Let's finally learn something on this stream, on this news stream.
For learning.
Also, if you just can't get enough of me, I do plan on putting out
probably a couple more TikToks and other little side content in the next week or two.
So follow me on these socials up here if you want a little bit of extra juice.
For now, I'm going to send it to Jeb to watch some stuff and send us out of here.
It's time to learn how to.
It's great to see everybody.
It's your pal Jeb.
Hope everybody's also having an incredible Tuesday.
I consider Tuesday to be the bedrock of the week.
It's not Monday or into the week, but you know you got a lot of week in front of you.
Like a beautiful prairie of experiences.
Experiences just waiting for you to walk into it.
Wait into the grass field on your hands and learn some exciting new stuff.
Like how to do an OJ.
This is from live and sleazy.
Uh and I, I mean I've made orange juice.
So I feel like this is one that I'm ahead on.
You wish Jet streamed.
He's always in the jet stream because he's jet shedding.
Seemingly.
Don't shake too loud or he'll start.
Oh my god Jet's going to stream.
No dad he's not.
He's too busy probably.
He is really busy son.
He probably couldn't make the time to do whatever this is.
I was just learning dad.
Everybody's got to do that even jet.
Sometimes I wonder.
I feel like he came out able to do everything.
Straight out of your mother's beautiful womb.
Okay well oh my god am I in a womb?
No I'm in the wood.
That's true you are.
And it's fine.
Oh yeah.
You bet he streams on kick.
Yeah he probably would.
You're like this is where success is or something.
I don't know.
Or not.
You'd probably have the correct moral objections to it.
He's honestly.
He's got a lot of good takes that he can really defend.
Anyway let's uh see how to do an OJ.
You're seeing an overhead aerial shot of the Bundy Drive geometry of this section of town where you can see there's a number of condos side by side.
This area is where the murder occurs.
In reality it's covered up with trees.
There are steps and a gate and a dirt area beside the front entryway and a patio.
But we took the tree out so you could see that.
Now we're going to put the tree in because we're going to put the tree in.
And we're going to put the tree in.
And we're going to put the tree in.
We took the tree out so you could see that.
Now we're going to put the tree in because the night of the murder.
When does he make orange juice?
I feel like this is not how I make orange juice.
The tree provides incredible shade and it's extremely dark in this area.
At this point Mr. Goldman comes up to the gate,
punches it and rings the doorbell.
Nicole Simpson leaves her condo and she actually leads the front door a jar to come down and open the gate.
There's obviously a speakerphone and she knows who her visitor is.
Literally the assailant has to come from the patio area
or the physical arrangements of the subjects make no sense.
The way he attacks them immobilizes them both.
He hits the right side of Mr. Goldman's face with his left hand and does so very hard.
There's a substantial bruise on the right side of his face.
Oh.
Simultaneously or very soon thereafter we believe the assailant hits
Nicole Simpson on the left side of her face with the butt of his knife.
Oh.
And that knocks her right side of her head into the wall.
Oh.
We believe that knocks her out which enables the assailant now to come down
and deal with the number one threat which is the young, able and in pretty good shape,
Mr. Goldman.
We postulate that he puts the point of the knife behind Mr. Goldman's head and actually
uses the knife like a fork with his hand over the mouth to raise Mr. Goldman to his feet.
The medical examiner has testified that that wound of loan would have been sufficient to kill Mr.
Goldman if nothing else had been done to him.
It's obvious from medical evidence that the assailant has a hand over Mr. Goldman's
mouth is having a talk with Mr. Goldman and is emphasizing his points with the knife.
The next fatal blow received by Mr. Goldman is a plunge right over his heart.
Hitting him in the left side of his torso.
I'm starting to think he's never going to make the orange juice.
You do know that it's O.J. Simpson.
I now see I could have picked up on some context clues that were right in my face.
But I just don't like a lot of stuff in my face, you know?
I get out of my face.
What?
That's troubling stuff.
I mean to be that angry.
And to do something that terrible.
Ah.
Did you get a haircut dad?
What did I?
I don't think so.
I'm pretty sure I've been in the wood.
Oh my god.
Yep you have and it's okay.
Oh okay.
O.J. was almost the cast as the terminator.
A little bit of self-casting.
Well that's how you do an O.J.
I get it now.
There's better ways to...
A murderer doesn't have to be all about revenge.
He could have done it a little cleaner.
What?
I just... I'm not an expert but...
I feel like that was a little unnecessarily showy and emotional.
He could have been a little more cool-headed about it and cold.
Just done what was needed.
What?
No nothing.
I'm just saying you know.
Not all crimes are crimes of passion.
Some of you think about a long time.
Can we learn to knit or something?
Oh okay.
How to properly shave a banana.
Okay let's have some fun.
This is a quick one.
Great let's see.
He's shaving some of the skin off.
I don't know if I like his technique.
I mean I've shaved that way but usually it ends up me screaming and covered in blood.
You know if I shave my skin off by trying to get rid of all the filthy hair on me.
You can't do that.
You gotta leave a little hair.
Because if you try to go too deep into the skin to remove the filthy hair,
you cut yourself and bring out the blood.
Are you okay today?
Yeah I'm great.
I thank you so much for the follow.
A bee for Fernand uh sorry.
Bee Fernand Descarna.
Thank you so much.
Yeah thank you bee.
Can you see the chat?
I can kind of sense it.
That's fun.
Okay well that's how you shave a banana.
I quibble over some of the specifics but the general idea is there.
You put a rager on a banana.
You scrape downward.
And the banana will somewhat be shaved.
I mean ultimately you're gonna tear the banana's skin off and eat its insides anyway so.
Why are we even shaving that thing?
Look he's kind of a joke son.
Oh he's shaving it for real.
We learn here.
You know a joke about learning and we learn.
How to pop lock.
Oh wow I'd like to do that.
Oh that's gonna be a doozy.
Let's see what's going on.
My name is Darryl Cooley.
I'm 816.
I'm from the mysterious dance company.
Look at him go.
Oh yeah.
Hi my name is Michael Dahlberry.
I'm from the mysterious dance company.
My age is 16.
Look at them go.
They're so young but they got such hot moves.
Good moves not sexy.
Hi my name is Jerry Hall.
And I'm from the mysterious dance company.
What they call me the well pops tick a lot.
Tick a lot.
Sir tick a lot.
The style I'm gonna demonstrate to you is called the tick.
And to do the tick start off with the arm.
You make the muscle drop in the back.
And the shoulder hits down either side.
And so then you can move the wrist too.
Put a little more snap into it.
And so when you try you can take it through any part of your body.
Just through your body.
You can just take it like that if you want to.
Or you can take it from the other side.
What the heck.
Me and my friends.
He's a wizard.
We go over to like it was like an alley.
And then across through across Manchester with a ABC market.
And they have a big mirror out in front.
And all of us just get in front of the mirror every day.
Trying to do the dance.
Whoa.
Doing just my hands.
Look at them go.
That's all the tick.
Demonstrate to you waving.
What I didn't even learn how to tick.
Ticking tips to your wrist.
Okay wait first of all.
I can't get ahead of myself.
You bet jet conservative.
Obviously yeah.
Jets are really good dancer.
Oh my god.
One of the best.
But he doesn't do it in a showy way.
He wouldn't serve those guys.
If anything he'd say let's dance together.
And they'd all have a really good time.
He just brings such a positive energy.
Even though he's so talented at it.
Literally everything jump.
He can do it all.
It's like he learned it all.
Oh he can't have his own wood shop that he learns new things in.
I mean he could.
He could in a second.
Okay let me just look up some 80s dance move.
You know we gotta like move the whole camera out if I stand up.
So I'll try to do this sitting down.
And I'll just do it with my face.
I'll just learn I'll tick with my face.
Um let me get some 80s dance music.
And we'll just you know every part of your body can be.
A dance.
Part.
So I'll use my face as my dance part.
Hmm.
I just need the instrumental.
I don't want a bunch of classic 80s hits.
Oh here we go.
All right let's let's face dance.
Let's tick with our face.
All right.
Well like we're really working it out there dad.
That's what you're gonna count as dancing.
Well let's just type you know.
So I'm trying to get the ticks out now.
Rucket.
Well if he does look like Rucket well.
You died before Rucket Ralph.
How would you know about Rucket Ralph.
Oh my god I'm dead and I'm oh my god I'm dead and I'm in the wood.
Yeah and you're fine but you've never seen Rucket Ralph.
Rucket Ralph exists in the Astral Plane.
What all sorts of fictional characters exist in the Astral Plane.
I've met Rucket Ralph.
What the heck what.
Yep deal with that son.
Not all wood in the Astral Plane.
Wait how do I know about not being in the wood.
Wait a minute how did I get in the wood.
You're just there it's fine.
Oh okay.
Anyway that's how you face dance.
That's fun.
Not all about moving your body.
You remember that time Jet did that huge dance at his homecoming.
And um Chris Brown showed up but before he had hit people.
And done all that stuff.
Just to see Jet dance and then they did that whole dance number together
and it was like they'd rehearsed it but they never had.
And the whole city went wild and then he got the key to the city.
And they're like you're only 17 but would you be mayor.
And he refused because he knew that he had bigger things ahead of him.
Yeah I remember Jet's homecoming dad.
Jet's really cool.
Maybe next time we'll learn how to wave.
Let's do one more before we get out of here today.
How to make a diddy.
Oh I like to make little songs.
Let's learn how to make a diddy.
And I just won't look at the screen cap at all and I'll assume that it's about
Ray making music again.
Okay.
Ladies and gentlemen adults over 21 that don't drink and drive and drink response.
Welcome to Diddy's friendly neighborhood bar.
Yes this is in my backyard of my luxurious Beverly Hills estate.
Yes I have a bartender full time that just stands here and makes me my favorite drink.
A diddy which I'm going to show you how to make today.
That you can make in your home in your backyard by your personal bar.
Oh god are you going to do it on this kid?
Is he going to diddy on this kid?
Can I keep watching this?
Take one and a half ounces of Sriracha.
Oh.
It's that kind of drink okay.
This guy is a tall drink of water for sure so I was really worried.
Three ounces of lemonade like so.
Then we shake it up.
Nice tall cup of ice.
There you have it.
A diddy.
That cool refreshing drink.
So it's vodka and lemonade.
Apparently that's a diddy.
He made a basically an at-home Mike's hard lemonade.
I mean it does look good.
Well it's a lemonade and vodka side.
It doesn't seem like you need the bartender.
But he might not have really been there just to make drinks.
Yeah maybe not.
Who did he make that for?
You don't want to turn the camera around to see.
Because they're going to drink it whether they want to or not.
That man has made his MTV awards produced real movies.
Did he produce movies?
Did he's a movie producer?
He's so talented.
Sorry he's not.
Oh my god son.
You know Jet was aware that diddy was a bad guy way before other people?
Yeah I remember his speeches about how he got a bad vibe from diddy.
Yeah around 2015 he said I got a human trafficking vibe from diddy.
And I said stop making terrible assumptions about people.
And I guess he was right.
He was so right.
I should really listen to him every time.
I guess.
Yeah that probably is the secret ingredient Skymer.
Jet's not a hero evil.
Okay sure he's okay yes he's been declared a hero in various newspapers more than one.
More than once at least a couple times a year.
But I think the most heroic thing of all is recognizing your limitations and
trying to become a better person.
No that's not the most heroic.
That's something anybody could do.
The stuff Jet does.
Literally only Jet can do.
You don't need a jet.
He's got everything.
He doesn't need an emote.
We so need a jet emote.
Oh my god I would love to see that.
Well cases.
What's on cases emotes are full.
I'm not I do the jet.
No there's no jet stuff.
He's busy.
He's always busy.
He's busy busy busy.
I don't even see the guy.
He's so busy.
He'd make time for you.
I'm sure he would because he's very thoughtful.
Let's you know that's all the time we have.
All the time we have.
You're not going to make a diddy.
I sometimes I feel like I could but no no that's bad.
I won't.
I meant the drink.
Yeah me too.
I just I don't need to be drinking in the middle of the day.
That's wherever I am it's still bright.
Oh my god I'm in the wood.
Yes you are.
Yes you are.
And it's fine.
Oh good.
It's fine.
Um okay well that's all the time we have.
Look sometimes you get a little heated because there's so much to learn and
there's just never enough time and jet's done it all apparently but you'll
you're doing your own thing in your own way and that's what it's all about because frankly
however little time we have and what do you think?
What?
Well just you never enough times.
Anyway you're never too old to learn new tricks.
That's what I'm trying to get to.
You're never too old to learn new tricks.
See you everybody.
It's always good to see Jeb.
Sorry Jeb's doing well.
Obviously Jeb's doing well.
You know Jeb helped me build this whole studio actually.
Um I didn't even realize that at the time it was way before I met Jeb.
I just was like how do I do this and then I uh was just thinking about walking down the street
kind of mumbling to myself I didn't realize it and the nice man who ended up being Jeb said
hey I just heard you talking to yourself dude do you want a couple tips?
And then he just showed me how to show me how to do all this.
I've never seen him again.
He just kind of blew it out of my life but he changed it forever.
So I just wanted a huge heartfelt thank you to Jeb.
Literally nothing I do.
I could have done without him.
It's one of the few people I could say that about.
So thank you so much Jeb.
All right.
I mean Jeb's kind of a lot of people's personal Jesus.
But he's a man and he's you know he's really he's very humanist in his approach to honestly kind of
being a god in some ways in my opinion.
He looks so good.
I mean he looks great.
Anyway so I should stop thinking about Jeb but he's a good guy.
Let's see who's on.
If Jeb was on he'd probably have already rated me because he'd rate everybody.
He's just that good.
Anyway Gina's on.
If you can't rate Jeb you can at least rate Gina.
Let's send you Miss Darling's way.
Oops I always forget to put the miss and even though I literally just said Miss Darling.
Miss Gina Darling.
That sounds about right Bonsai Bullfrog.
I mean I don't think he'd been born yet but
he probably just kind of predicted it.
Have a great night everybody.
You know I think it's too late for me to put an egg into some vinegar.
But maybe we'll do that.
Maybe we'll do it anyway.
We'll see where it's at tomorrow.
Because we could have a vinegar egg tomorrow.
Have fun with Gina.
It's not her birth anymore so you don't even have to tell her that it's her birth anymore.
She already got it out of the way.
It's just a normal ass case raid.
I'll see y'all more this week.
I'll be out of town on Friday but I think I'll be streaming tomorrow and Thursday unless the
usual horde of things comes up.
Hopefully I'll see you tomorrow.
Hopefully a little earlier.
And if not I'll see you Thursday.
Okay have a great one everybody.
Bye bye.