A single bullet fired by Sarah in self-defense.
Followings for adults only.
I'll be lying, I'll be alone.
Cat got your tongue, cat got your tongue.
Cat got your tongue.
Don't be lonely, talk live to your special lady tonight.
Cat got the phone.
Cat got your tongue.
Call me now.
I've been bad.
On the next parolet.
Monday at three.
Hi, I'm a boggling.
Me and my buddies want to be your friend, right, guys?
Right.
Also, a live performance from one of the hottest groups
around Simply Red.
Here it is.
I've never made it with a woman.
You're shocking, intriguing, true cast fessions.
Call 844-721-CAS.
I accidentally lost my virginity during a rugby game.
It was nobody's fault but mine.
Call 844-721-CAS to reveal your innermost,
even alarming true secrets in front of a live audience
on the internet with zero anonymity.
I never told anyone this, but I'm a dog.
That's 844-721-CAS to hear or say alarming secrets,
free for the first minute, and then it continues to be free
because it doesn't cost money.
And you do have to be an adult unless you're not.
And also, you don't have to tell us secrets.
You can call us about pretty much anything.
We're desperate or true secrets or anything at all.
Just please call us.
I ate my mother's ashes.
If you call me right now, I'll give you my private note.
It's time stories, all brand new.
Dial the CASM.
Dial the CASM.
Call 844-721-CAS.
Dial the CASM.
If you haven't a bad day, call it in the stream.
There's a guy called Casim and he's dying to creem.
He'll talk about it all because he's living the dream.
Or if you're a paid being, you can be really mean.
Dial the CASM.
It's free for the first minute and free for all the other
minutes as well.
844-721-CAS to get your fair information and goggles.
And everything the same again will change you.
Is that how it's for the better?
All my-
Getting paid $2,000 to do this commercial.
Then try this besides.
I ate 9-1.
I just won 5,000.
Call now.
1-844-721-CAS for a chance to win.
You could play CAS.
And with CAS, there's a big chance to win.
Call 1-844-721-CAS.
Are you tired of being sick?
Well, what if you win?
Tired of your significant other calling you a bitch?
When's the last time you cried?
I cry all the time.
844-721-CAS for a chance.
For a chance.
Spell CAS.
That's right.
I just won.
Grand prize, 5,000.
Call 844-721-CAS.
Average call free per minute, zero.
White is for laundry.
Is Elvis alive?
Judge for yourself by calling the.
I called the police.
And uh.
I'm a non-copyright infringing grovelin.
You can reach me by calling 844-721-CAS.
Talk to me and all of my friends.
He's trapped us.
And we have to work for him.
Basically, you know, slaves.
Or you can talk to CAS.
Who owns us?
CAS owns us, and we have to work for him.
And he doesn't pay us.
They help us.
We're grovelin.
844-721-CAS.
Talk to me and all my grovelin friends.
An original thing.
I don't know why we're here.
I don't know why.
I don't know why we're doing this.
To call your neighbors and share a cup of coffee,
it's time to watch them mic.
I was in the dark until I called 197.
Dial in insult.
This is bank, bank, bank, bank.
Guess what?
CASMG is giving out his personal number.
Call me right now and I'll give you my private number.
If you call 844-721-CAS right now,
you can talk to CASM and leave him a personal message
and give him your personal number as well.
Free for the first minute
and then free for each additional minute as well.
Ask your parents before you call.
Call the number, you'll hear a recording,
then you'll hear that,
then I'll give you my personal number,
call that, and we'll wrap.
Got some technical issues with our intro CAS.
That's fine.
It's from the 80s.
It's from the 80s and 90s.
It's old and it's been digitized.
It's going to work all the time.
No, welcome back to Call CAS.
We're in the very dink corner of your local CAS Tronix warehouse.
We're getting a fire sale today
and we're the last remaining pieces of inventory
on the shelves.
It's me, a TV, VCR combo CAS
and my flat screen TV friend, CAS.
Hello.
This is Call CAS.
It's been nice to be able to have a reason to stream
because God damn, have I been too busy to do it?
And I really appreciate everyone that tunes in
for this in our Patreon.
Every week, this is our call-in show.
You call us, you provide us with all the content.
We just sit back and rake in all the money
that comes through on this Twitch stream.
So much money.
1-844-721-CAS.
We're going to open up the lines in just a minute.
But until then, daddy's got some news.
I heard that maybe some stuff happened with you, CAS.
Daddy bent the knee this weekend.
In case you guys didn't see on, I think it was Instagram
or on Ashley's Instagram or even on her stream.
Your boy is engaged.
They said it couldn't be done.
They said, a 40 year old man can't get married.
A has been YouTuber.
40 year old has been YouTuber
who's gained weight over the last few years,
can't get married.
That's what everyone was saying.
I've heard that so much, CAS.
That's crazy that you've heard it too.
It's fucked up.
That people say that about me and to me.
Thank you so much.
I am the luckiest guy in the world.
I get to marry the coolest, hottest gamer, check around.
I was going to use a different word there.
She's riding the exercise, but she can't bust me.
We had a wonderful weekend
where I've been scheming for weeks now
about how I'm going to maintain a surprise.
By the way, I know some of you already knew.
And the reason being, every time I would stream
and I pulled up a webpage,
it would show engagement ring advertisements,
like the Google ads that pop up on a random website.
Every time I refreshed a page,
it would pop up with engagement ring websites
that I had been visiting.
I was like, oh, fuck.
Obviously, it's any time I've ever shopped
for anything, it always ends up on.
We've even commented about how annoying that is.
The ads were there.
So let me tell you how this unfolded,
because you'd be like, oh my God, that's well a surprise.
There was no surprise.
This was something that we have been talking about
for the last couple of years.
Maybe a year into dating,
it was pretty clear that we were just gonna die together.
But how were we gonna get married logistically?
And so we started having serious conversations
about it a few months ago.
And then we sort of got the ball rolling,
I don't know, two months ago, maybe,
two and a half, something like that,
which when I say get the ball rolling,
it's basically like, let's pick a day,
let's get a guest list, let's find a venue, let's do a lot.
And all that sort of came, I don't,
and I understand that there's,
for a lot of folks, that that's a very important day,
and it's a milestone, and for a lot of women,
and a lot of men do, but I think maybe more women,
that it's a day you dream about,
and you fantasize about, and you imagine for a long time, right?
Did you ever think about what your wedding day
may look like, or is that something
that you don't spend a lot of energy?
Thank you.
You know, I didn't until I met somebody
that I was like, this might, I might actually do this.
And now I have thought about it more.
Yeah, do you have things that you absolutely need
to make sure happen on that day, or like a theme,
or like, no, we've got, it's got to be this or that?
Are you picking about anything?
She's calling us on Discord.
Oh, is she calling?
Oh, bring her in, bring her in.
We're gonna open up the lines in just a sec.
I gotta break the news to Gina, unfortunately.
This is gonna be really,
so Gina, can you hear us?
I can't hear you, can you hear me?
Can you hear Cass?
I can hear Gina.
You might have to add him to this call.
Okay, add Cass into this call,
because that'll keep us from crossing a million wires.
Are you on Discord?
She is on Discord, we're on Discord.
Okay.
Case you might have to add him to this call.
I'll add Cass into this call.
You might need to add me to this call.
Because I don't think I have him as a friend on Discord.
We don't really have to communicate on Discord.
What?
I'm pretty sure we've exchanged photos.
And we've exchanged quite a bit back and forth.
Who was that?
Okay, answering.
Now there's a little bit of an echo.
Chad, are you getting that echo?
Yeah, they're probably getting that echo.
Here, wait, Gina, I have a different idea.
I'm gonna do a different brilliant idea.
Maybe I should mute myself here.
Don't you do a thing, beautiful baby Cass?
Thank you.
There must be a way.
There must be.
If I mute myself in Twitch.
Yeah, just mute yourself in Twitch, actually, for now.
That's probably the simplest thing.
And then you've got a...
Yeah, you're good, I can hear you still.
Can you hear him, Gina?
Oh, Gina left?
I'm also still doubled up.
I don't know how this works.
You're not doubled up on our end,
but if you're doubled up on your end, I...
Hello?
Hello, Gina, can you hear us?
Yes, can you guys hear me?
You're good?
It's a little echo-y for me.
One second then, hold on.
It's us probably from my end.
Oh, okay.
What if she called in using the invite on Twitch?
Oh yeah, you could just join that same link
from last week, Gina, if you want.
I'm going to send you one right now.
Okay, just a quick call.
That's all just a quick call.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We've got a flawless system over here.
It can't be broken.
Yeah, let's do that.
I sent it to you.
Okay, we'll see you on Twitch,
the hottest communication software.
Okay.
It's all going good yet.
This is going to be pretty devastating for Gina.
One second chat.
Let me see if I can pull this up.
Oh, I hear her.
I hear her already, yeah.
What if she hears us?
We can hear you, Gina, can chat.
I can hear you guys.
Give me one second.
Let me set this up real quick.
What's that browser link?
There it is.
Entity, thank you for gifting Miss Gina darling a sub.
CK, the problem.
Thanks for the three months.
I really appreciate that.
Enjoy your patty's Sasquatch subscriber badge.
Entity, thanks for gifting Kyle a sub.
Dilemma, back for 23 months.
Waka, back for 23 months.
Suborbital, given a sub to he went to Jared.
Oh no, I didn't go to Jared.
Stoney, thanks for 22 months.
Kenji for 11 months.
One more for the year.
Groups, thanks for the shout out.
And Metal Chaos for the 21 months yesterday.
Okay, Gina.
Yeah.
Kat, chat, can you hear?
Can you guys hear me?
We can hear you.
It might be good.
Yeah, we're good.
I'll just leave my camera off since this is just a call
and my camera's on my screen.
But hey guys.
Hello.
Hey Gina.
Hey.
Sorry.
No worries.
I just wanted to call and congratulate you
on your engagement.
How exciting.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, I was just saying that you're probably gonna,
you're taking the news pretty well.
I am.
Look, Kasim, let's be honest here.
Like, I know you're doing this to play hard to get
so that I will finally go on a date with you.
And I just feel like you're taking it a little bit too far.
Like what's next?
You're gonna actually plan a wedding,
go through with the marriage, have kids
and live happily ever after.
Just to try to get a date with me.
Like Kasim, it's a little bit, you know, too much.
It's too much.
I am trying to do all that stuff.
Is it working at all?
Is any of that working?
What?
I mean.
Now that I'm kind of like officially getting hitched,
is that up my profile at all to the ladies or the fellas?
I feel like you could have tried a little bit harder.
Like I was going to come around eventually, Kas.
Like, you know, I was going to.
The mission comes too late, dude.
I was about to, Kas.
I was about to hit you up and be like, yes,
to your 600 other DMs.
I will finally go on a date with you.
But all of a sudden you're doing this, Kas.
Like it's like you're not even trying anymore.
I think I just stumbled across a huge power move.
I have, I have planned, not me,
Ash has planned a wedding.
Oh, is that her name?
Thousands of dollars.
Yeah, that's her name.
Thousands of dollars on a ring and it is totally worked
because Gina is finally jealous, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm not jealous.
I'm not.
I'm not.
It sounds like you're a little jealous.
No, I'm not.
I'm just saying that you gave up too soon.
Okay. Like you gave up too soon.
I was getting around to, in fact,
I was in the middle of typing out my message to tell you,
like, hey, yeah, I would love to go on a date.
And then all of a sudden my Twitter shows me
that you're engaged and you know what?
Like I hope you're happy.
Okay. Well, would you consider lifting
the restraining order you have on me?
I was about to.
Okay.
That's huge.
And the one that you have on me for your boyfriend as well.
Who?
Kas, I would never have a boyfriend.
I've been waiting for you.
I'm not allowed anywhere near you
or the school that you live near.
So if you want a shot,
you're gonna have to drop the restraining order.
You're gonna have to start answering some texts and DMs.
You understand?
I've got all the power now.
The leverage has shifted.
That's so hot. I love power.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
I'm the hot silver haired anime guy
with the abs and the dungs.
So what happens when you get married?
Dungs.
Yeah, that's true.
You get physically really fit and hot and stay that way.
Yeah, that's right.
I couldn't press send on my message to you
because I was so heartbroken, Kas.
Yeah, I'm sorry, man.
Look, I really love this girl.
Okay, I'm talking about Ashley here.
And I wouldn't do anything to jeopardize that.
Not unless you're in a lift or restraining order.
Okay, but remember that titty picture
you've been asking since we first met?
Like, I have it here.
Like, I have it.
I don't even know if I want that anymore.
What?
Yeah.
Kasam.
I don't even know if I want that.
Don't say things you're gonna regret, Kas.
Yeah.
I just think it was very insensitive of you
to get engaged and after leading me on for all these years,
I just think that it's just really cruel.
And you're like, if you wanted to get my attention,
you could have gone about it differently.
Okay, now you have to break poor Ashley's heart.
Now she's gonna find out this was all an act.
You brought your family and friends over,
you posted it all over the decision media.
It's huge, this huge little charade.
Like, okay, Kas, I get it.
Okay, we can be together finally, Kas.
Pass.
Pass.
Not interested, not even the slightest.
But what about all those times you tried to barge
into my dressing room while I was changing?
Or all those times when I found cameras
and all the teddy bears and gifts that you gave me,
or like all those times when I spotted you
outside my window?
Yeah.
Did that mean nothing to you, Kas?
That's exactly what it was, Gina, in the past, okay?
Cause present, Kas, has got a busty gal of his own, all right?
Oh, wow, okay.
Don't even need whatever it is that you're selling right now
cause I got it at home.
I wanna go out.
You can give her the same nickname as you, Gina.
That's gotta hurt.
Busty gal.
That's what he used to call you.
He used to call me that all the time.
She calls me a romantic as well.
And yeah, I use terms of endearment,
like busty gal and tits McGee.
And that's why I am the man before you today
about to be betrothed.
That's how you do it, fellas.
Sorry, Gina.
Yeah, my best to you and yours.
Enjoy this Christmas alone and Valentine's Day alone.
You fucked up.
You know, I can be the bigger woman here.
I can be the bigger woman, Kas.
I admit it.
I will miss going to sleep knowing that I was never alone
cause you were just never too far from my window.
I will miss the late night messages from you,
like with selfies, bottom up selfies saying,
hey girl, what are you doing?
I will miss all the lewd DMs that you send me.
But I, you know what?
I'll be the better woman and I will give you to Ash.
I will let her have you.
You know what?
I think she would appreciate that.
If maybe you could show up at the wedding
and walk me down the aisle and hand me off to her.
I think that would go a long way.
That would hurt, but I will do it for my love for you.
You're the best.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry it never happened.
And you know, just the next guy that ends up stalking you
endlessly and won't leave you alone
and is borderline dangerous.
I hope you will treat him with a little more respect
than you treated me.
Yeah.
That's a polite way of saying be really kind to your chat,
Gina.
No one, no one will ever be able to do it like you Kas.
No one will ever make me feel like my life
was an imminent danger every second of the day like you.
No one does it like you.
That's right, thank you very much.
And I take that stuff very seriously.
So now I have a focus that on one unlucky woman
that's soon to be my wife.
So make God have mercy on her soul.
I wish you the best.
I wish you happiness, enjoy, hope you get divorced.
And I hope you guys have kids, a thousand kids.
Hold on, I'm gonna love you.
Well that's soon.
OK, like 60 kids.
60?
Yeah, just 60.
And then I will date one of them eventually.
I'm gonna wait.
This is like a Game of Thrones-y thing where we're in a house.
You're gonna imprint on Cassim's child.
I'm gonna date one of them.
We have to bring it over to your house
when the child is like the first few weeks it's alive.
So you opens his eyes.
So you can sniff him and then he gets imprinted.
Yeah, perfect.
And then you will be my father-in-law
and I will finally have a reason to call you daddy.
It all comes background to all of Cassim's fantasies.
Everything's really coming up now.
Don't worry, my subscription to your OF still stands.
I wouldn't let that.
I wouldn't change that.
Thanks, Cass.
That's the best thing you can do for me right now.
I love you.
Gonna love you.
Thanks for the call, Gina.
Bye, guys.
Love you.
So sad.
It's just so sad to disappoint this many people out there.
I know.
I wish I could take over for you, Cass,
but I'm not quite horny enough or creepy enough.
I am creepy just in a different way.
It's just somebody,
I do have to train the next apex pervert.
Yeah.
And I think it's gotta be a younger person.
You're a little older.
You're sort of set in your ways.
Yeah.
And you do have a different vibe.
You're more Pee-Wee's playhouse.
Yeah.
I'm looking for more.
I need something more sinister to work with.
If I'm stalking a girl, I keep it really secret.
Or I just go to a dark theater
and I'm more voyeuristic with it.
I'm out of direct.
That's right.
That's the Pee-Wee.
Yeah, that's the Pee-Wee.
That's exactly right.
Yeah, and you're fun.
Yeah, and you get a couple puppets.
I just like to be with the boys while I'm checking out late.
In a dark room, none of us talking to each other.
That was fun.
Thank you, Gina, for calling.
Yeah, I forget where I was in the story.
I think I was saying we had sort of planned it out.
My idea was let's spend like the least amount of money possible
because I do generally think weddings are a
I don't want to say a waste of money,
but they are much more expensive than I think they should be.
Yes.
There's a lot of excess that happens for, I don't know,
like a six hour thing.
And, you know, in an era where people are struggling to like
buy houses and like make paycheck to paycheck,
I think it's like would be cool to have that money
go towards like, especially if you're, you know,
we want to start a family, you know, that money can go to other things.
But there are certain things that, you know, you need to have.
Generally, if you don't have like a backyard or you don't want that vibe,
you want to you need a venue and you need food and you need
to hire a DJ and you get all kinds of things that really add up.
Florists, God, florists, flowers that end up dying days later.
So the cost is.
It's really terrifying when you really start considering all the parts.
Yeah. Absolutely.
Like I I've been to many weddings.
I've been I've been.
Oh, geez. I don't know how many weddings.
It's probably 20 weddings I've been to and including being a Groomsman
to a whole bunch. And so I've seen I've been to small weddings
and big weddings and the average wedding, I feel like cost.
Fifty between 50 and 100 grand, like that's that's a lot of money.
And, you know, even if you have it, I just don't know if it's
if it's worth it.
I there's a couple of things that I for sure told Ash that I need.
And the rest she's really been great about planning.
But I would love to have an open bar for the folks
because generally whenever I was drinking, that's what I remembered most
was whether there was an open bar and you kind of remember where it is.
But if you're skimping your cutting corners in any of the other areas,
an open bar generally. I think you just have an open Bible cast on a bar.
And say, dude, if you really want to drink, you got to read a pass.
Drink the word of the Lord.
That's right.
This is a wedding. One really nice Bible.
Yeah, yeah. Get drunk on the Lord.
So we're not now we're not having a dry wedding.
I don't want to dry wedding.
I don't think I would go to a dry wedding if I was a drinker.
Just because I'm sober does not mean I can't, you know, I have.
I would actually be fine with a dry wedding, although it will
because there's so many different friends groups mingling.
The alcohol is a real lubricant for a lot of that.
But I would be fine now.
Exactly. In my 20s, I would have been super bummed.
That's exactly why you need it is just you've got people that are
sort of being forced into a social situation.
Sure, a lot of them are friends, a lot of them are family.
But for the most part, you've got people sitting at tables with
people they may not know.
There's music. You want people to dance.
It's like the alcohol does double duty there.
It's like the social lubricant.
It's the it gives you the rhythm so you can do a little dance.
And generally, just people do have a better time, you know,
that some people like me who have gotten too drunk at weddings
and to the point where people have had to have conversations with me
during and after.
And, you know, that's never fun.
That's never fun to have to be told what you did wrong when you don't remember.
I have a lot of friends who have done hallucinogens before weddings,
like shrooms or acid.
And a couple of them have made a real spectacle.
And it's never in like the totally aggressive way.
It's in like the weird feeling the world a little bit too much way,
like radical honesty at a wedding can be, you know, maybe off putting at times.
Yes, it's so funny that
the toasts are generally.
Timed right when people are getting really fucked up, like not
not super gone, but like right.
When folks have definitely been to the the bar like a few times
and they're getting a good buzz on.
That's generally where the toasts happen and God,
I've I've seen my share of fucking drunken toasts.
And I did one a couple of years.
I didn't do a drunken one, but I did a best man speech.
I've done two best man speeches.
One was my cousins, which I was definitely drinking for.
And then one for my brother, which I was sober for.
And the the comparison between the two,
the sober one was a little bit better.
I think being loosened up for that first one, I think helped a lot.
But I also don't really remember what I was saying.
And I'm sure my face was flush red.
But long story short, I think it's important to have an open wedding,
an open bar for the wedding.
The rest, you know, food is like doesn't really matter to about the food.
You want decent food, but like I've never been to a wedding
where I was like, wow, that food was good.
It's all just like kind of warmed over.
Chicken steak, whatever.
You just want people to like eat and just start partying.
And you want everyone to have a nice time.
And that's generally it.
That's been once cast.
And I opened the ring box in the ring shot straight in the air
and then bounce all around the room like a movie like a movie.
What happened? You you found it, obviously.
But like, was it spring loaded or were you nervous?
What happened? It's opened it a little too hard.
I do blame the casing personally, but it was probably 100 percent my fault.
But then I kind of used it to give this.
I think I had to give a speech right after that.
Or no, maybe I gave it before that.
I can't remember.
But the speech either made up for it beforehand or after the fact.
I'd won the room.
Yeah. So I felt like I got away with it.
Probably secretly I didn't.
And everyone was like, what a fucking asshole.
That's so good.
Yeah.
I kind of always hope for a sort of disastrous moment
when I'm in the audience, you know, just just for like
just a memorable moment, you know, just something to be like,
oh, that was the wedding where like there was one wedding where
we it was on a golf course I was a guest for.
And they were just continuing to let golfers like go like like tee off.
So every once in a while, you just hear a think.
And and and and also there was this morning.
We're going to get into that.
And there were also wild turkeys on the course.
So not only would you hear like some guy freaking
letting his driver eat, but then you'd hear a gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble.
Every few minutes.
And that's like in my head under that wedding.
That's what I have is that was the Turkey Golf
wedding and some of them are one.
There's a couple I've just been really wasted for where I've been the mistake.
And so I don't mind if somebody gets too fucked up
or if something controversial happens, just as long as no one gets hurt.
And we can all laugh about it after.
But yeah, we are going to be near water.
So hopefully nobody falls in.
Well, way to do it right, Cass.
You didn't bother with a surprise.
You called your shot.
You got the right wing.
And you got the big time. Yes.
Yeah.
I did try and reserve the surprise
for the knee bend.
OK, this is what I did.
And some of you maybe heard this on her stream earlier today.
And by the way, should we open up the the lines just so we can start stacking?
Yeah, let's pop these lines open, ignore all of these graphics,
Cass, just, you know, tell your story.
Do it. Call in a 44721
cast talk to me about are you married?
Are you getting married?
Do you want to give old boy Cass here any advice?
How to stay happily married?
How to be a good husband?
Or do you want to talk about another assassination attempt on our boy Trump?
Let's talk a 44721 cast.
So what I did while we have you guys call in.
I'll tell you sort of what I did to try and maintain a surprise.
So we got our rings made by somebody she just like fell in love with.
And there's a great jewelry designer.
And when we went there, which was, I don't know,
when we went when we go April.
May or July.
We went in July.
None of us can remember. It's felt like a while.
We went in July and she's like, oh, no problem.
Once you pick them out, it'll take four weeks.
So we had the rings picked out mid July.
And they were supposed to be done mid August.
But I knew that I wasn't.
I wanted to surprise her with a proposal.
And my way to do that was get my family and her family together for a lunch
so they could meet and get the people together that haven't met to meet
my parents and her parents.
And I was like, OK,
if I can do that under the guise of the families are coming together,
then at some point I'm in a stage of family photo.
And then I'll bend the knee at that point.
So I had to get the ring designer in on it as well
by sending us emails every few weeks saying, oh, there's they're not ready yet.
And so actually in the meantime is being really annoyed because she wants her ring.
She obviously just wants to wear the ring.
But I don't want her to have the ring without an official proposal.
And if all this is so planned, at least let me try and get one surprise in.
So I had to get pulled aside the jewelry maker and just say, like, hey,
we're just going to keep telling her that they're getting delayed, delayed, delayed.
And then I'll get them from you.
And then I will do this surprise.
And that's sort of what we did.
So this last Saturday, we had the families together.
I got the rings maybe a week and a half before and had to keep them
at my parents' house.
And then families came.
My mom cooked her family came.
It was great.
Everyone was getting along.
It was real nice.
And then I got everyone together for a family photo.
And that's when I did it.
And the photo I posted on my Instagram was really my favorite
because it really was such a surprise for her.
And that look that she gave, if you haven't seen it, it's on my Instagram
was perfect.
And yeah, so I at least got a surprise in.
Now I feel better about sort of having pre-planned the wedding
even before I proposed because I felt like I was going about it backwards.
And so by the way, Dank Saus is our.
So I didn't I didn't say how to dank Saus.
Didn't know you were going to make it today.
Dank, welcome in, unless that's you, case, unless you're screening.
I think that's day. I don't think so.
I think OK, great.
Big shout out to Dank Saus.
So that's what we did.
And then she got a ring and we had the families here.
And getting the families together is always it's just a logistical nightmare
because my family had it easy.
They live real close and we were doing everything in my house,
but her family lived in Orange County and, you know, it's just they have families
and they got to get together.
So it was it was nice that everyone was sort of able to pull together
and and schlep up all the way up to Culver City for this.
So big shout out to the fam.
And now she's wearing her ring.
She's the one thing that's cool about this is she she's in love with her ring.
It's not like it took out all the guesswork of me having to like pick one.
And maybe she likes it. Maybe she doesn't.
And so, I don't know.
I kind of liked that she was sort of had an idea that she wanted to do.
Stresses me at the most, because Kendall has very specific case in a ring.
Is this true, Kendall?
Not true.
I think I think.
I think if you sort of like you can.
Hone in on the style and then, I don't know,
I feel like there's a way to still do it and still be surprised.
And you got I got her.
I got arrested. I got.
Keeping notes every time I see something pop up on her Instagram that she then shows
me, I'm like, yeah, that's it seems like a sign.
Maybe I should remember this.
Yeah, they are they are not shy about their signs.
Yeah, you know, I am.
I'm tasting like $30,000 wedding rings or whatever.
Whatever the upper echelon is.
Hundred to thousands of dollars.
I'm sure you can go as high as you want when it comes to insanely expensive
jewelry.
Yeah, jewelry is crazy.
We almost got bent over by some dude who's trying to take advantage of us
in the diamond district.
And we left there being like, is this right?
Is this like too good to be true?
Then we started asking around and then everyone was like, oh, yeah,
that guy was definitely trying to fuck you guys.
So, you know, be very careful.
If it seems like it's too good to be true, it might be.
And I don't know other than that, I don't know.
I think there's all kinds of letters and grades and
clarities and all this.
It's just you don't have to worry about that.
It's really all what they want.
Then, you know, what I do is I pull aside the person and I go like, OK,
here's what I want to spend.
How many of these things can we check off that she wants?
And let's, you know, and get the thing that she will be happy with
and that I won't be upset about.
And that's kind of how we did it.
So yeah, well, I'm going to get her the green lantern ring
and she's going to get me the flash ring that the suit pops up.
That's cool, man.
You got to go for a DC wedding.
Have a Lilo and Stitch themed wedding just to combine as many pieces as possible.
That's that's right.
Let's start bringing in some of these calls.
Suborbital is our first caller.
Then we've got let's see, Haas, Entity, Bonsai Bullfrog.
You're all in the queue, but Sub, are you there, my friend?
Did we get on? I don't know.
I don't hear him on this side, but I also don't know.
We had this issue last time.
It does say you're calling in from Thailand again.
It's just the same thing that happened last time with you, Sub,
where you're using your VPN.
It says you're calling in from Thailand.
And but I do want you to call in because we have we have some Trump stuff
I'd like to get into.
So I'm going to hang up and then maybe you can call back.
Yeah, sorry about that, Sub.
We also just need to make sure the audio is working, which it should be.
Can we bring on more than one?
Let me try bringing on Haas.
OK, now we added it. OK.
Haas, welcoming.
Are you there? Can you hear us?
Haas?
Oh, I can't hear them.
There might be an hour and then.
Can you hear this gas?
Music. I can hear that.
Yeah. Yeah. Purple Ranger.
Thank you for the 10 months.
Brian Villas's cast Congrats on the engagement, brother.
Super happy for you.
Nash, my favorite funny couples engage.
Love you, brother.
Appreciate you. Love you, Brian.
Thank you. Haas, are you there?
Hello. There we go.
Oh, hey, I can. I can hear him now.
Welcome, Haas.
Thank you, Brian, for the 23 months.
Hey, what's up, Haas?
Hey, I just wanted to wish
Cass a great congratulations.
The best thing I can
tell you is to abide by happy wife, happy life.
But happy wife, happy life.
That is the thing that's
most endorsed my life.
So how long have you been married, Haas?
And endorsed by my wife as well.
I'm getting a little bit of an echo.
Turn us down on whatever you got us playing on.
We can just kind of hear you.
Been married 10 years and we've been together close to 25 now.
Oh, that's great.
Are you listening to us on speakers or on headphones, Haas?
And then we're getting a little bit of a heads up.
Speakers, but I just close you off.
Thanks, buddy. Great.
Well, that's good advice.
There's a reason it's a cliche.
It's because it works and
I can get behind that.
I what do you find to be the hardest
part about abiding by happy wife, happy life?
Because I think it's one of those things
that's easier said than done.
Is there a trick to it?
In my experience, not really.
But but my wife is pretty easy going.
So.
Oh, I see. That's that's how you do it.
Yeah, you picked him good.
Or she picked good.
Something like that.
Stop giving me looks over here.
I swear, as soon as I engage,
she thinks she runs a shit now.
I I need you to just let me do my show.
All right, we got to worry about every little thing I say.
I think the divorce rates at 98 percent
currently in the country.
So we got to set cast them up for success here.
What's your number one hack to keep wife happy to keep happy wife?
My biggest hack is cooking.
Oh, I try to keep keep good meals.
And that is what keeps my wife, I guess, in line.
That's the authority of food.
Yeah, that's good.
We had to replace toxic masculinity with delicious casseroles.
Now, that's that's smart.
Do you did you know how to cook before you got married to her?
Is that a skill that you learned after?
No, that was the thing that I learned when I was a kid.
I spent a lot of time in the kitchen with my grandmothers and my my dad.
So. Oh, that's great.
Well, that's good advice, too.
I'm not much of a cook, but I I can make some stuff.
So I'm usually like I can cut up some vegetables and fruit
and do one of those Mexican fruit salads.
You know, I'm really good at that.
Put the Tajine on there.
That's pretty good. Very good.
That's better than I feel like I can make one chili
recipe and I'm going to go out of being a decent cook.
Of the coldest. So not chili. Warm chili.
Yeah, chili. Not chili.
Is a pretty lazy guide move to to have that be like your primary thing
that you can cook and that is my move.
Yeah, I love a chili.
I'm going to have to have you cook me some chili now.
Haas, thank you so much for the call.
I really appreciate the kind words and the advice, my friend.
Thanks, guys. Have a good one, buddy.
Have a good one.
Oh, entities here.
Oh, I got I got to see if I can.
Can we share media?
Yeah, I mean, I can share whatever I am.
OK, I'm going to send you this thing.
That entity made.
For us, I'm going to bring entity on here.
Entity, welcome to a call, Cass.
I didn't have. I'm not going to ask you what you're wearing.
It's a special occasion. What's up, Ed?
How's it going, man? Congratulations.
Thank you, my friend.
Yeah, you had a little bit of a hand in this, didn't you?
Behind my back, you want to explain what the hell you did?
I did help ask.
Precure a wedding gift or an engagement gift.
Mm hmm. Nice.
I said I don't know what I can talk about.
So I'm still on it.
Well, OK, so.
Maybe I should.
Maybe I should go grab it because it's it's not going to pop up on camera.
But there's an amazing Spider-Man issue where Peter Parker
and Mary Jane get married.
It's from the late eighties.
And Ashley presented that to me as a.
Engagement present, which I didn't and really know that you did.
And that was nice.
It was a slabbed comic graded nine point eight.
Comic book of that issue.
And on that issue is it's a it's a pretty iconic cover.
So it's a really nice cover and entity recreated it.
Um, in a photo that I sent case, did you get a case?
Yeah, I was just showing it.
I'm just going to show it.
Oh, you just showed it.
OK, I mean, I'm in the other window. Cool.
And so I thank you very much for that entity.
And I think I had a wedding invitation idea,
but I think I'm going to take that and use it for a wedding invite.
If that's like.
I don't know. I think it's cool.
But like I could see somebody being like nerds, but I don't care.
I would love that.
I do the day that she
hit me up to ask her, you know, like,
are back and forth about what would be the right gift?
As soon as we found that, I drew that.
So I had to I've had to sit on that for a month now.
And I couldn't share with anyone except her.
So I was like, damn it.
I should have waited.
But I'm glad you liked it.
And I love the honor.
If you guys did for your invite.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
I I'll I'll hitch you up.
I might need to like add add some stuff to it just for a wedding invite,
at least to the I was thinking about what to do for the amazing spider cash
cash or cash or just have it say like you're invited to a wedding.
I don't know yet.
But all I know is that I wanted I want to use it over the bullshit that I
was making.
You got to get Toby McGuire shape from the first movie and shock everyone.
Cass, the shirtless tan and shirtless.
Yeah.
Hell yeah, I did.
Yeah, it's amazing.
Thank you.
And sorry, you had to keep a dirty little secret from your boy.
But I think it was worth it.
I was really happy when I saw it.
I'm glad.
You're pretty happy about it.
But yeah, that's all I got.
I just wanted to say congratulations.
Appreciate you.
Thank you, entity.
It's you help make that day even more special.
So I appreciate you.
All right, anytime, man.
Thanks, entity.
All right, we'll see you next week, probably.
As you have any ideas out there, you think that are that are wishing
you not congratulations that are like, oh, so you can marry this one.
Um, you know, probably like.
That's I know for sure that that's
probably the case, but I don't know.
Like no one's reached out to me about it.
No one sent me like a passive aggressive text about it or anything like that.
So which is probably good.
That says Kevin, we already got Gina.
We'll see what Kevin's reaction is.
I mean, yeah, I've been talking with Kevin a little bit about it.
Let's just say he's it's, you know, it's bittersweet for him.
You know, he likes to see his boy move on, but he's sad that it's not him.
So I get it.
Bonsai bullfrog.
You're on call.
Cass, what's going on?
Welcome to the show, buddy.
So did you hear that?
Pete did eat puff daddy, whatever just got arrested for the sex trafficking stuff.
Oh, I did not.
Is that breaking news?
Yes, it's on Huffington Post, Washington Post, all that stuff right now.
So they.
OK, so you might need to bring me up to speed because last I remember
a puff daddy was we raided his house and there's a lot of rumors about the stuff
that he was doing, but they hadn't arrested him, right?
They just sort of raided him.
So now you're saying there's been an official arrest.
Yeah, he's been arrested and died in New York, Manhattan.
And he's put out a statement through TMZ saying that it's an unjust thing
and he'll have his day in court or whatever.
I really try to avoid that day in court.
I'm glad that I was excited about it.
I guess he's on the left front.
He has shot, comes arrested in Manhattan after grand jury indictment.
The music mogul has been under mounting scrutiny since the 2023 lawsuit
by his former girlfriend, Cassie accused him of sex trafficking and years of abuse.
So good.
I'm glad charges are being brought.
It feels like sex trafficking is probably on like
is one of many things he's guilty of.
But I feel like they had to really go after him and indict him
with the thing that they can really get to stick.
So I'm I'm happy to hear it.
And yeah, I'll be paying attention to this.
This is cool.
I I deep down when all this was going on and Fiona was and Fiona was all over it.
It was talk of like, oh, he was the one that got two pop killed him and Jay Z and
Beyonce like are responsible for the death of Jay Z's ex-girlfriend.
Like it went pretty dark and pretty deep.
So maybe some some of that stuff comes to light.
But well, overall, this is a good a good day.
For us, I don't know.
I mean, Manhattan, we couldn't really have we can't have cameras in the court.
Like we just found that out with Trump.
So what we might get some pretty good drawings.
Yeah, don't underestimate the drawings.
Yeah. And maybe we'll get Nancy Grace going on some like really impressive rants.
Oh, yeah, God, love a good Nancy.
A love when she gets fired up.
Is does she care enough, though?
If it's like a black guy involved, does she does if it's not like a white lady
that's been kidnapped, does she care?
Probably not.
Yeah.
Yeah, not her demo. Exactly.
She she likes a kid being abducted, a woman being murdered.
You know, she likes that true crime stuff.
That's where she leans in.
So this was him just yesterday, apparently.
It's kind of out.
Man of the people of daddy.
Sorry, did he?
I thought he was in like hiding.
I guess he just was like, they're not going to do anything.
Or maybe he knew.
He he went to Miami.
I remember that.
It seemed like he was going to leave the country like all the other people.
Yeah, me too. I kind of lost track.
Yeah. Yeah, I don't know.
I think he dropped out of the news after the, I don't know,
we had a bunch of things within the assassination.
And we've had two assassinations in between.
He did he knew. So did we really have a second one?
I mean, no shots were fired.
He was 500 yards away.
Like. Yeah, we can get into this.
We had an assamizer.
It's a assassination appetite, which you can't even be in charge
with like an assassination.
He's just being charged with like having a gun that he shouldn't have.
Yeah, he never got to squeeze around off.
He did. They just saw him in the bushes and they lit him up.
So naturally street.
And yeah. Yeah.
I was just going to ask, sorry to cut you off.
I don't know too much because I've been in in engagement mode.
But what exactly happened?
I do remember when the reports came out and I heard that there were
shots that were heard to be fired, but that did that turn out to not be true?
I think the FBI or Secret Service might have shot at him,
but like he left his gun in a bush.
He left a GoPro, his backpack and everything in a bush.
They then took like a picture of his car and caught him on I-95.
Yeah.
It was like maybe a little bit away.
Yeah, I heard he was a red.
He's a former.
Yeah, he's voted for Trump in the past, but he doesn't like that he's against Ukraine.
So that's the only thing that they have so far.
And he's still alive so we can actually ask him.
Yeah, this I like the fact that he's still alive.
I feel like we can at least get some motive.
Yeah, but so far two Trump supporters have tried to potentially kill Trump,
which is.
I don't know.
So funny. It's hilarious, isn't it?
It's like the base that you're stirring up and keep in mind.
I don't know too much about what's going on, but if he I did hear that he was a
registered Republican, he was also like a Tulsi Gabbard head of Vivek Ramaswamy.
He was the rare like Ukraine is my single issue voter.
He's like maybe that's what all swing voters are hinging on is just the war in Ukraine.
Yeah, yeah.
Who cares about Gaza anymore?
Yeah. OK, cool. Yeah, good.
I'm glad no one was injured.
I'm glad another right wing nut job gets locked up.
And hopefully this is the end of it.
Like it is part of me always like leans into the conspiracy because I'm uneducated and online.
But I always go like, did they are they manufacturing this?
Have they thought about do you think they've thought about manufacturing this
to get his polling numbers up or am I just being a conspiracy theorist?
I would think that mean we're no longer talking about his all caps.
I hate Taylor Swift tweet and we're not talking about the events
admitting that he made up the Haitian story on CNN. Yes. Yeah.
That's a good point.
It is one of the few things that makes him seem presidential is when someone
shoots at him if he's talking less.
So but if he's under threat of dying, you're like, oh, yeah,
he's the was the president.
Yeah, that is a good point.
It is we were right on the heels of the I hate Taylor Swift tweet.
JD Vance once again, putting his foot in his mouth.
I did see the clip of him admitting that he fabricated the whole thing.
He may have some stories.
I will if I have to make up stories to get the issues trending.
I will like it.
Why even my question for him is like, why even say that?
Why don't you just keep lying?
Like, why not just keep lying?
The language is like a little soft.
It was like if I have to create stories or something,
you didn't quite say made up, but it was basically.
Uh huh. Yeah.
It definitely came across like he was making it up.
I don't know if that's what his intention was or not.
Yeah. Yeah.
Banzai, thank you so much for the call.
Congrats on getting engaged.
Thanks for taking my call and great.
Yeah, of course, any time you got late breaking news,
feel free to bring it on the show.
I love that.
It's kind of good.
He didn't get hit for a secondary reason cast
other than the political instability.
I feel like it would have overshadowed the engagement.
That was your day.
It was like, fuck things up.
You're right, man. Jesus Christ.
Can you just be about me for one second?
Smoke packs. Welcome to the call cash show.
How are you doing, brother?
What's going on, man?
Been been a week or two since that.
What's up?
Not much, man. Just hanging, just chilling.
What's going on in Chicago?
Got married, I guess.
Chicago?
Well, I got engaged.
I got engaged. Sorry.
Yeah. I mean, who cares about Chicago,
but you just got engaged.
It's not that big of a deal.
No, I don't know.
Yeah, you're right, man.
Call in, see how you are, man.
I guess it seems like you did a lot of planning on this
ahead of time.
You seemed like you went like really slurred on this
and wasn't.
Yeah.
I did a little.
I wouldn't say I did a lot of planning,
but I did enough to surprise her because she really
likes to handle things and she likes to control the narrative.
She really likes to keep the story,
whatever she wants the story to be.
And so I really had to do what I do
amongst that sort of oppression.
You know what I mean?
And yeah, I was able to get a surprise in and that's
what it's all about.
I got it.
You're really brave for that.
You're really brave for that.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I know.
It's an honor to sit next to this hero today.
I'll be honest.
Yeah.
I thought it was really cool too, though.
The simple wedding, just chill, laid back, vibe style,
I think that's got to be a bigger trend in weddings
or something just because it keeps the pressure off everyone
and just makes it fun.
It's a party to celebration.
I was telling my friend he just came back from a wedding.
He doesn't drink or anything.
So he was worried he's going to be the only guy not drinking
in a event that is going to be drinking.
And I was telling him, no, you need the open bar.
It's to keep people who want to drink
able to want to be there.
Keeps the party loose, chill vibes.
It's not even about the drinking.
Don't worry.
Totally agree.
I've got to report back in since he's come back.
But that's where my head was at.
I've only been to two weddings.
And the first one was my parents.
I was the ring bearer there.
Oh, wow.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Ring bearer at your own parents' wedding.
That's nice.
I was like six or seven.
I like that.
I like that.
I was trying to convince her to be six months pregnant
by the time she walked the aisle and she would not
entertain.
She would not entertain that conversation.
I was like, how?
One life would you be?
I was like, I was in my head.
It was like mid somar.
Do you know what I mean?
We were going to be in a field.
Oh, yeah.
You know, wear a white dress with flower.
Yeah, the flower crown.
Heaven's in a bear costume getting sawn out.
Yeah, your family loved one circling you.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
That's how I was picturing it.
But no takers for that idea.
I don't know.
I think the open bar thing is important.
I remember when I got sober, one of the first things I had to go do
was I think this was like within my first few weeks of being sober.
I had to go to a wedding and it was going to be my first sober wedding ever.
And I remember just like freaking out about it.
I was just like, oh my God, like not that I was going to necessarily drink,
but like I hadn't really told people that I wasn't drinking.
And I was stressing out about having to explain why I wasn't drinking.
And it was fine.
Nobody fucking cares.
Everyone's just drinking and like there are.
There's like always a couple of people like, you know, your buddies from back home.
You have a couple of these buddies that are always always monitoring
how much you're drinking because they want you to get as drunk as them.
And they're always like beer for beer with you or making sure like, hey,
dude, what's like what beer you on?
Oh, I got five.
That's my whole home.
You brought all the group.
That's yeah.
The whole it's it's always that way.
And if for some reason they clock you not drinking, it is a problem for them.
And I don't know why it is, but it's just a problem because oh, this guy,
it's a little bit of this guy is not going to have as much fun as me tonight.
And I want to have fun with this guy.
And it's a little bit like you too good for me, dude.
You think you're too good for me.
You're too good for our hometown or small little hometown that you're not
drinking right now, brother.
Are you better than me, city boy?
Like there's a little bit of that goes into it.
And I remember that.
But it was fine.
And this this particular wedding, it was a bunch of fucking
YouTubers, so it was it was just weird anyways.
But I remember leaving the wedding to go get a coffee because they didn't
have coffee and I was sucking down coffees with milk and sugar,
creamer and sugar back when I was trying to get sober.
And so that was the only thing.
But everyone was like really cool about it.
And I've done, I don't know, five weddings sober and they're they're easy.
It's just they're but the first one was weird.
I remember.
Yeah, I understand you and you're probably a bit way younger too.
It's just tough like transitioning into like responsible mode and then
trying to uphold uphold a new value of yourself.
Yeah.
If your friends aren't even like accepting of it too, it's tough.
I get it, but it's just life is bad, man.
I don't know.
Yeah, the the the wintry wintry midnight says we call those crabs.
I'm assuming you're telling you're calling those homies
that that monitor your drinking crabs.
I want to know why.
Super tech God, thank you so much.
Thank you for the 11 months, almost a year.
Appreciate the USTG in the chat.
Thanks, smoke packs.
I appreciate your brother.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
And congrats.
Congrats, Ashley, too.
Thank you, dude.
Thank you so much.
And I know you guys are in her chat.
I appreciate you guys supporting the famine that way.
Oh, yeah, all the time.
Happy, happy that you guys cross pollinate.
Card King is up.
Sex tapes.
Trump getting blown almost get to card King.
Always a good call.
Welcome to call cast card King.
What's going on, brother?
Well, man, this weekend I had my skeptical on tight
because the internet was trying to feed me a lot of bullshit
and trying to tell me it was chocolate chips.
Like I ended up going down the rabbit hole
of Shannon Sharpe leaking or intentionally
or unintentionally a sex tape live on Instagram.
And yeah, the possibility that he did it strictly
to beat the charges of being gay, which I looked into it
and it looked like the only person that was charging
with that was his co-host, Chad Ochocinco.
I found out that Laura Loomer's face is apparently sponsored
by flesh light and she's trying to work her way
into the Oval Office as the presidential sex toy.
And then of course we had Trump again,
like almost getting potentially assassinated
by one of his constituents again.
But of all the stuff I thought
the most unbelievable thing I saw
and you've perpetuated this lie here today on this stream
is that you actually got engaged
and are going to be married.
I don't believe maybe I just need to be talked off
of the skeptic ledge, but seriously, man.
I know, man, who thought that you could do it at my age?
Yeah, you should have your skepticles on, by the way,
full on, right?
Perscription, skeptical.
Absolutely, man.
But even going through it, like at this point,
I can't tell what's AI or not anymore.
And it almost looks like the photos
that Ashley posted online were AI
because I looked at some of those
and I was like, that can't be real.
I swear to God, I don't know.
Well, just from that first photo,
I don't know if you were perfectly going for it.
I don't know if you were channeling her.
But do you realize that from behind
at a certain angle, you look exactly like Fiona?
Like down to the flannel, man.
Like it was, yeah, like the back, like your hairstyle,
it's not what she's currently rocking,
but there has definitely been a moment in that.
And like that whole situation, I'm looking at it
and I can't believe it's quite real.
Like the first off, there's a number of people that,
OK, yeah, we've in case brought it up.
So yeah, we've got right here.
I mean, this is the, oh, oh my God.
Yeah, like that.
How is that, you know, and well, and when I only one
the eyesaw was on Twitter, but there was one where
like the number of people in it started disappearing.
But there is that one creepy guy in the back
that I'm not sure if he's a family friend or anything,
but everybody else decided to show up in good shirts
and he decided to show up in a T-shirt shorts.
And like that's a brother.
The other thing is like this one,
you apparently leaned a little bit lower
because this must have been like that action shot.
When you guys did the posed photo, I did not realize,
A, how tall you are and B, how diminutive Ashley is
because it looks like your knee is right at a ribcage.
Like that is a size difference.
And that photo, I swear to God, I have seen that same one,
like the one she had on Twitter.
Like I swear to God, I saw Lewis and Clark have that same kind of
photo like painting or portraiture done with Sacajawea.
You look like an explorer who discovered a tribe of North
California pygmies and you're making first contact with them.
And you're offering them good from the outside world.
I got to get you your own show.
Thank you. Yeah.
She comes from a shorter family.
Some of these shots.
So she picks the shots on her Instagram that are a little more
like traditional, right?
Like here's a nice low angle shot.
Yeah.
I thought the photo I used with her
actual reaction was a little more believable
because it was like a real reaction.
And it just showed how surprised she was.
So the reason everyone's standing there, by the way,
like everyone had to come dressed like they were just,
you know, coming to meet family and have a lunch.
So and so the fact that people are wearing shorts or not wearing
shoes because none of this was really going to even be a thing.
So everyone was just there to hang out.
But her family is.
So I'm going to try and address all these points here.
Her family is generally a short family.
I am probably taller than I would have.
I think most people in that photo.
So, yes, imagine what that's like.
Yeah.
OK.
And Casey is a foot taller than me.
He wouldn't.
He wasn't allowed in because he couldn't fit in.
And, yeah, so there was a sort of fun moment
of having to pick which photos we were going to use.
And and, yes, that that's her family and my family
finally able to because they all knew.
And they were told to keep a secret, which they actually did.
I'm so surprised.
So good on them.
And I did this little speech in front while I was getting
everyone ready for a family photo.
And then I did a psych out move and bent the knee and did this thing.
And then what you don't see is my mother would not shut up.
She just kept interrupting me while I was proposing.
And doing like her moment.
So it was it was her moment.
And my mom and my aunt have such a knack for ill timed when my
when we were putting my dog down and all the family was there.
My face is buried in my dog after he just received the injection.
Right. My dog, the nurse, the veterinarian gives me the nod that he is passed.
And I I just start bawling. OK.
And my aunt and everyone's just like letting me have a moment.
Right. My aunt from across the room is just going, let him go.
Over and over.
And I'm like, and I just couldn't just like stop.
I couldn't just stop and be like, leave me.
Let me, you know, I couldn't do that.
Just said she just kept let him go.
And it was this weird fucking like saddest moment of my life.
But I'm also finding myself I'm getting so fucking annoyed at my
aunt here because I don't think anyone really knew how to handle the situation.
It was a very sad, awkward, like we lost a member of the family.
Like no one knew how to act.
But for the most part, everyone was just like new to let me have that moment.
But she couldn't do it.
And then in this moment when I'm trying to try to propose,
I'm literally in the middle of telling Ashley all the stuff you say.
You're my best friend. You're my soulmate.
You're this and that.
And my mom just keep chiming in.
She chimed in like twice, twice she chimed in.
And I and so much so that I had to look at her and I had to say, are you finished?
Is that your mom right in the middle cast?
Can I get back to proposal?
That's my mom with two hands in front of her.
Looks like she's beatboxing.
She's beatboxing.
Drop a beat, my son's about to propose.
Yeah, it was like, I don't know what the fuck.
They get so weird when there are other people around.
They sometimes forget how to act because they're inside.
My mom doesn't leave the house.
She doesn't interact with other human beings.
So when other human beings are presented to her, she starts like,
I think she acts like how she thinks people should act.
And she's not generally herself.
And she interrupted me twice during a proposal.
And and I wouldn't have it any other way.
I really would.
I'm glad my parents and my family are the way they are.
But it's like, God damn, dude, like,
if out of all the times to just like zip it up,
this is one that just it's easy.
It's an easy one, right?
Your son's given a speech.
He's on one knee.
You've seen it in every goddamn movie.
You know that this is his moment.
There's no there's nothing you can do or say to interject
that would add to what I'm doing.
So, yeah, that was that was another moment
where I just found myself being annoyed
among amongst other crazy feelings like,
oh, my God, I'm doing this very important thing
and I'm about to propose to the person that I love and all this.
But yeah, so that's sort of the story
behind the Instagram photo there, which there's some.
There's a good series of them.
I've only posted a couple.
But yeah, that's that's that that handles the.
The proposal stuff, but the the stuff you were talking about,
Shannon Sharp, I actually I heard that he had a little sex tape leak
or an Instagram live moment, but I didn't know that it potentially
is to skirt allegations of being a homosexual.
Well, that's kind of fun.
And they're yeah, see, that was something I guess I'm too
white enough or I'm not deep enough into Black Twitter
or Black social media to hear this.
But apparently, like right after that happened,
like he apparently ran and he's got a secondary show to his talk show
that he goes with Chad Ochocenco.
And like apparently it came up like instantaneously.
And yeah, apparently that was one of the first things that
like they're discussing around it was like first was just kind of Chad
giving him like a little bit of shit over it.
But as he goes on, all of a sudden it was like he said
Cat Williams was like the first person to talk and that texted him.
And the thing he said is you ain't gay today.
And yeah, I don't know.
And like I missed that whole thing, but there is a part that I'm
looking at situation and like, OK, how does your Instagram go
live when it is clearly not like anywhere near you?
Apparently his assistant was the one that tried to shut it off
and managed to do it and then put up a statement on Twitter saying,
yo, I was hacked and our team is vigorously dealing with it.
But there's a part of me that just thinks about that situation
is like was your masculinity so threatened that you decided that
you needed to show the entire world that you were still
swinging in the hetero holes?
Like I anymore I'm hard pressed to like figure out if that's
the reality we're living in anymore or why he would like because again,
they bringing up early and they bringing it often when they're talking
about it on the on their podcast.
And I'm just like, were you really that threatened by it?
Like that just. Yeah, I.
He did do a good job, though, with the noises of the sex.
Well, I went on the Instagram.
Well, I'm just saying if it is a big ruse to make people think he's straight,
he did a good job of picking a partner who like really didn't oversell it.
I think part of the reason like he's kind of got a rep out of this is like,
damn, unclad it down is like she sounds into it in the way that
feels a little more believable.
It's like some it's some subtle moaning as opposed to like.
Yeah. Yeah, I didn't hear it.
But it does wreak of like a Hollywood PR
move based on the way you're you're saying it.
So yeah, I will say, though, if you're going off Kat Williams,
accusing people of being gay, I don't think you can come.
Yeah, that 200 mile radius of Kat Williams and not be accused of like
blowing Bernie Mac, basically.
Hmm. All right.
But sorry, I'm just typing.
I'm typing.
Diggs, I was here.
Yeah, thank you.
I did a sense this is all confirmed now.
And I can at least on you and your wedding announcement or your engagement
announcement, I'm I'm so proud.
I'm so happy blessings upon you.
Good fortunes in your future.
But I do have one more question to ask.
Yeah, my question is, is did you did you go the whole nine
on making that a special day?
I'm asking if you decided to
give in to one of Ash's little delights that she has about you
or has had a little fantasy about my question to you, Cass, is did you show her the world?
Did you break out the red?
Says, did I did her on a magic
and pull off your purple vest?
Wow.
I guess this is for those who don't know.
I don't think.
Uh huh. Yeah, I don't think I will explain.
I will explain.
My girlfriend has a fetish for Aladdin and
this was made clear to me after we we were dating.
Yeah, I think from one of her brothers that were in that picture is like, oh, yeah,
you know, she has a thing for Aladdin and me being a Middle Eastern man felt
a little fetishized in that moment.
But, you know, that's OK.
And maybe for our first wedding anniversary or a post wedding
ceremony, I'll bust out the red fez with the purple.
You're waiting for that Halloween is literally right down the corner, man.
You can have your costume picked out now.
Like this can be settled and make it the perfect like, you know, back to back events.
Yeah, look, I as much as I'd love to make my culture a Halloween costume,
I I feel like this could be this.
This is a just a way of life.
Help you and I googled Aladdin fetish and this is the first photo that came up.
So just to put some ideas in your head.
Oh, God, if you really want to make her dreams.
Oh, my God, the face.
That's so good.
Jasmine looking real good.
Yeah. Yeah, that's that's correct.
Thank you. Thank you, card king.
I appreciate the call today, buddy.
Have a good night, guys.
All right, you too.
OK, we've got sub orbital who's back and let's see if this works this time.
And then we've got
Matt Liddell, who will be I'm assuming
doing another round with the giving us an update on the known pro situation.
But first sub orbital welcome back to call Cas.
Can you hear us?
I can hear you. Can you hear me? Oh, we got you.
Yes. Yes.
Excellent. What's up, brother?
Not much live from Thailand.
Congratulations.
No, I'm not actually there.
Fortunately, but yeah, no, I I saw on Twitter and how exciting for the both of you.
Yeah, I mean, I've got a lot that I could talk about.
I just recently also have been engaged.
And so I've been thinking about wedding stuff.
Wow, congrats.
I know you congrats.
Thanks.
I know you mentioned how you do yours.
Yeah, I want to talk.
So I do want to talk Trump and assassination.
But but what did you do for your proposal?
Did you go sort of fancy you try and catch her off guard?
What happened?
Oh, so I.
So we've been together for like seven years, which is a long time.
But.
Super interested in the marriage thing to begin with.
We were just kind of like if it happens, it happens, but I had some stuff in my life go on.
And I was like, you know, you ought to probably get married.
And so and so I got the ring and all that.
And I'd originally planned to propose to propose on Leap Day this year.
But I thought that that's fun because you can only really celebrate your proper
anniversary once every four years.
And I thought that would be neat.
But then I wound up just sort of getting impatient.
I'm terrible at keeping secrets and keeping gifts.
And so like, if I get a gift, I'm like, oh, your Christmas gift is here.
Do you want it?
It's like, no, we're still two weeks out.
And it's like, no, but you should have it.
Right.
Like I can't keep it safe.
My life.
And so I just wound up proposing.
I think we were doing laundry or something.
And I was just like, hey.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
There you go.
I was a little bit more articulate, but I just couldn't wait.
And it was about to be really nice, but it's concerning because she's like
when I proposed, she asked, she's like, are you fucking
you're like crying, but she was like, of course, positive about it.
But it just also happened to sound very negative.
And I was like, I'm going to need you to clarify that you're saying yes.
If you're saying yes here, just because you're, you know,
it's getting complicated.
But yeah, so nothing crazy, but.
OK.
But doing laundry is I like the the sort of organic nature in which that happened.
There's something nice about it just started coming up in a conversation.
And not a lot of like hocus pocus magic mirror stuff that you did.
So I like that.
Yeah, I will say, though, on your point about the not wanting to fuck up the ring
thing, super relatable, because it, you know, I call in sort of every week to
the show wearing basketball shorts.
And that's like the extent of my fashion knowledge, right?
And so if I'm about to drop like four figures on a ring, I certainly don't
want to pick it myself, but like I also don't want some other person picking it.
And so what I did was I bought like a placeholder ring and it's like a fake.
It's a real ring.
It's just not like a good ring.
But I bought it on on Amazon is like a hundred bucks.
And so it looks like at first glance, like, oh, this is a real ring.
But then by the time she could realize it's super cheap, I was like, just a
heads up, that's a placeholder.
We're going to pick yours out together because I didn't want to fuck that up
for you because you're going to wear that.
Oh, I like that.
I like that.
I actually like that.
I think to be honest, like I couldn't tell the difference between a nice ring
and a not nice ring.
And so I don't know if anyone can, especially from a distance.
So getting a little $100 deal or less off Amazon case, I think that
might be something to put in your back pocket.
I would do it.
But I'm pretty sure for me, it's more of a test.
It's like you have to do.
Oh, I see.
Oh, that's a great point.
Can you figure this out?
Yeah.
Will you be able to unlock me for the rest of time?
If you get this?
Yes.
I am the hellraiser.
You point to summon me.
You have to do it yourself.
Oh, very interesting.
Well, okay.
Are you getting married this year or next up?
So we're getting married in 2025 sometime in November.
We're still figuring it out.
And it's convenient because we live in Vegas.
And so it's a spot, I think, to get married, not necessarily to
get married for a long time, but fingers crossed will be the
exception to the Vegas wedding situation.
Right.
It sounds like your back.
Are you?
It sounds like your voice is cutting.
Just make sure your mouth is on whatever it is you're speaking to.
You're going to add a little bit.
Put it in your mouth.
You're going to want to get that receiver all the way in there.
What's up with Trump?
What happened?
What's going on?
Is this good for him?
Bad for him?
Does it not make a difference?
Is he going to drop JD Vance?
Is he going to pick up RFK?
Like, where are we at?
Yeah, I don't know.
I that's not helpful, but I saw the thing about.
I saw the thing about what's happening and or what happened
in Florida on Twitter.
And I just sort of consciously decided that I don't like I
don't give a shit.
I like it's bad that it happened.
I condemn the fact that it happened.
But at the end of the day, I can't control what crazy people do.
I, you know, I nobody can.
And I don't know.
I think it's bad.
I think a lot of people are right there with you.
So that because I feel like even the Republican talking
points coming out of this, is they're preemptively mad
that people aren't going to care for more than 24 hours,
which is a really weird position to start from.
Yeah.
Well, it's hard to care when I mean, here's the thing.
Is it hard to care because number one, you see what's
going on in Springfield, Ohio right now.
And there are, you know, countless families who are
living in, you know, under threat of violence because,
you know, Trump and his running mate have just been
walking around spouting bullshit out, right?
Yeah.
And then this guy, the story yesterday, it sounds like he
was like a quarter mile away and like didn't act like
nothing happened.
He just got caught in the process of I don't know.
My my thing is I'm just done with it.
I think that Trump has done a really good job the last,
you know, eight years running around and being, you know,
very pro political violence, very pro, you know,
wink, wink, nudge, nudge about terrible things.
And so, you know, they can miss me with the crocodile tears
because Harris's campaign is overtly about being nice to
one another and being like positive and finding joy and,
you know, disowning hatred.
And so it's all just it's contrived to make it seem like
this is some liberal thing, but none of the people
have ever been liberals.
I don't know. I'm so fucking done with Trump.
Please, November, you know.
Yeah, I'm with you.
Yeah, it is sort of the same thing that.
I think it's like he's been
sowing these seeds for years now.
And when I when I frequent that conservative subreddit
and everyone is always so shocked by the
the the act or the
the idea of an act about to happen, they're so shocked by it.
I'm like, this is this is just what you guys have been saying.
And I'm surprised there hasn't been more of this.
You know what I mean? It's like, God forbid, there isn't.
But like to me, there are for every one of these guys
that actually pulls a trigger, there's got to be like
at least 10 that are that had to be talked off a ledge, you know,
like just so close to the of going to get the gun or making the plan
or getting in the car.
There's just got to be a lot of that going on.
Not to say that it won't it hasn't happened on the other side
or won't happen on the other side, but it's just one side seems to be.
I don't know.
Driven to this a little easier than the other.
I do obviously think like the Secret Service has an actual job to do
and they can do it better or worse.
And it sounds like they did it worse the first time and better this time.
But I do think it's funny this fantasy that like what protects
presidents and most people isn't just social cohesion to a certain extent.
Like the reason they're not getting assassinated is it's pretty rare
that someone actually makes the mental calculation like it's worth ruining
my life to assassinate this president.
But you know, a couple of weirdos will and more are because the rhetoric
is so crazy. But I just there's been so much like hand wringing over the last
couple of days of like, even though they stopped this one being like the Secret
Service needs a complete overhaul and this shit isn't working.
Like it works, but it can only work so well.
Ultimately, if enough people want to assassinate someone,
I think they kind of just can.
I know that's like fucked up to say or maybe even to think about.
But you can't really protect someone who's out in public constantly.
Yeah, the Secret Service is built to handle a lone gunman or two.
Potentially every like one a day, like at max,
like if there was like a real coordinated effort and somebody really
wanted somebody dead, like I think that they could probably do it.
Yeah. And also like this idea that Iran is doing it.
It's like if Iran wanted Trump dead, Iran wanted Trump dead,
they could probably do it.
There's other things that they're doing that.
Yeah, they're trying to say like Iran somehow funded, you know,
Captain Sad Ukraine Flagman here.
Oh, wow. Cool.
A radicalized shooter.
I also love this photo because this lady behind him looks so at peace.
Yeah, she looks a little bit like Laura Loomer.
Do you got thoughts on what's going on with Laura Loomer?
Their sub is she banging the presidential hopeful Donald J. Trump?
So I've got a very good Laura Loomer story that unfortunately
I can't get into details about.
But Laura Loomer Laura Loomer's career taking the trajectory
that it has is positively a delight to me.
I think she's like she's fucking crazy.
But so the way that she started her career was as a quote
undercover journalist where she would go to if you remember
in the 2008 election, there was a controversy about this group
called Acorn that was registering voters.
And so yes, the organization that she worked for
went in there and Project Veritas is what it was called.
And they they essentially entrapped low level staffers
into saying things that when edited sound bad
and then putting out pieces about essentially using that
we'll call it not picking for lack of a better term
to justify, you know, saying all these liberal causes are evil.
They're doing that thing or whatever.
And so Laura's first role in politics was literally
like entrapping people who make like twenty five hundred dollars a month.
And when when she started, she was a normal looking blonde.
I don't know how early of a photo you can find of her.
I saw this photo. Yeah.
But the transformation is shocking.
Like, yeah, the classic.
I would start about appearance.
But like that's not her appearance, right?
Like she's modded herself.
She's case modded. It's unbelievable.
She snapchatted her whole life up.
Yeah, big. I mean, she.
Why'd she go with the filter? I don't understand.
She like she's so extreme.
She got chat on. Yeah.
And that's a generous after like there are some where she looks like
she's full on like a inflated plastic bag.
And yeah, I but anyway, the point is she's a terrible person.
And the fact that she could possibly be spending some time with with Donald Trump.
They're made for one another.
And I I wish them all the best.
Yeah, say I was on TikTok and somebody was talking about Laura Loomer
and they had dug up one of her tweets.
And essentially, it seemed like she spent when she first met Trump,
she spent like the whole day with him.
And it sounded the way she typed it out is like one of those blue checkmark
tweets so she could just write as much as she wanted.
And it sounded like Trump brought her in when he was golfing,
brought her in over to his little section, hung around with her all day.
And it's like the type of thing that you would clearly do
if you were like trying to hook up with someone.
And there is there is something that seems a little sexually charged here.
And there's some videos of her where she's just like she she looks like
she would do any if he was like, I want to take a shit on your chest.
She would be like, absolutely 100 percent like let me which which Titty
would you like a drop of turd? Like she's so gung ho.
She's the epitome of a of a of a group, a presidential groupie.
And to me, probably the type of chick he would be into, like, I don't know,
it looks like he's in the chicks that have a ton of work done.
I don't know. She's younger than his wife, his wife, who, by the way,
I think is just related to him like on paperwork, like from what I understand.
I don't know if sub if you know anything else about this,
but just like she fucking hates his guts, does not want him to become president again,
is looking for any way out that she can is I I think is waiting for some sort of contract.
And like, I don't know.
It just doesn't seem like she's ever pictured with him
and does anything that to help the campaign.
So I mean, I'm into the idea of him banging a young
political influencer thought.
Yeah, I shot the Frankenstein slab and straight into Trump's bedroom.
Let's go, Lumer.
It's I think it is actually aspirational, a sense that she seems like
a completely talentless hack, even in the world of conservative grifting.
And the fact that she's managed to make to the top of that space
while having terrible instincts, no talent and never winning an election
or really accomplishing anything, I think should give us all a little bit
more faith in ourselves. Absolutely.
You guys can do anything.
I just want to say, case that last sentence there was pure political poetry.
I think it's a talentless hack.
Made it to the climb away to the top 100 percent correct.
But I would I would just say any evidence you need of this being true
is the photo of her that was just up.
And I think she's wearing purple or something,
but she has leaned directly into Trump gazing into his face.
She's doing the blue dress.
I've never seen that done platonically and Trump knows what that is.
I think that's, you know, yeah, enough to convince.
There's another one.
There's another one, too, where he's got his armor underwaste.
And she's sort of leaned in in a similar fashion.
And it's like, you guys aren't just pals.
I like when he's asked about her.
He's like, I don't know.
I don't know what she thinks.
She's a supporter. She likes what we do.
And always sort of trying to skirt the issue there.
But it's clear that they're more than just two people who randomly met one day.
Yeah, there's another one.
But yeah, she is.
I mean, I don't know how old she is, but she's much younger than she looks.
I think she's like 32 or something like that.
She she's a really rough 32.
So I don't know.
That's your political.
That's your Pots have America section of the call cast episode sub.
Thanks for calling in, buddy.
I appreciate the congrats and congrats to you as well on the engagement.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Thanks for having me.
Yeah, we'll see you next week, hopefully.
Yeah, I'm sure we'll have a lot more to talk about.
All right.
Matt LaDell is our last caller, ladies and gentlemen,
our chief happiness officer here at the cream team.
Matt, who's been mired in a controversy
with Nome Pro, another cream team member.
I don't know.
I haven't spoken to Matthew in a little while.
Where are we at, Matthew?
How are you doing, by the way?
I am doing good, sir.
Nome Pro can wait until next week.
You know, it's, you know, that's small potatoes.
I call this is, you know, this is your day.
So, you know, that stuff is bad burn or shit.
So don't worry, you know, that it'll be taken care of.
That's not a problem.
No worries.
But what's not being said enough is you got one of my favorite
actors as your first caller.
That was crazy.
I mean, I love all his work and stuff.
How did you get him?
Who's our first caller?
I totally forget.
I mean, well, yeah, Warwick Davis from Leprechaun.
Oh, I didn't know who.
No, great Warwick.
Who called in that?
That was Warwick Davis that I'm not.
What am I missing here?
Oh, that's awesome.
You know, I was thinking of the first.
I was hoping for like a little gigalotty of her something.
I'm like, wow, I'm losing my touch.
I see it now. Yes.
OK, thank you.
So I didn't classify her as a as a caller for whatever reason.
You're right. Yeah.
I did. I do appreciate a good Gina rib.
Yeah, I see the picture now.
Yeah, that I mean, look at that.
That's that's that's Gina darling right there.
I don't know.
So I'm pulling up a picture of Gina darling really quick.
Yeah, we've got to get back into the Leprechaun movies.
I feel like we're we're due.
I agree. Just for reference.
Those are good movies. Yeah, those are good.
There is Warwick and there's Gina.
So I do see what you're talking.
Oh, yeah, like a little bit around the the eyes.
Yeah, there's Gina. So your spot on.
Yeah, I mean, twins.
I mean, you know, you know, same father, different mother, Jesus.
But I just wanted to say congrats to you.
Case or case, Casem and if you're looking for your advice,
I can give you some advice coming from a single 45 year old
that still lives with his parents.
Yeah, tell me how to get out of this mess.
That means you have a lot of insight on there.
You see it every day.
Yeah, yeah, I don't know if anyone else was depressed right there,
but holy shit, I just got really depressed.
It sounds like.
Yeah, yeah, I was going to say, you know, I agree.
Happy wife, happy life.
And the other thing I really, I really like the advice of is
don't go to bed angry at each other.
You know, figure out everything.
You know, there's no way in, you know, in hell that you're not going to argue.
You know, throughout your marriage, that's that's a that's a for sure thing
that's going to happen, but just never go to bed, bed angry.
So, you know, don't let anything faster, I would say.
That's great advice.
Yeah, sometimes I'm really bad at that.
Although I'm much better at it than I used to be in my younger years.
But yeah, it's good advice.
It's also, you know, not to play devil's advocate or something, but
but also sometimes people just need a second.
They need a few, you know, maybe they need an overnight or something.
I think I think great advice would be to reach.
I think in what you're saying, it's exactly what you're saying is
make an attempt, maybe to clean it up.
And if that person isn't ready or is upset, then you give him the space
and then hopefully come back to it.
I think just because you're ready to clean something up
doesn't mean that other person is too.
Very good.
Yeah, people resolve things differently.
I just shake them if they're still angry.
And I say, neither of us are sleeping till we figure this out.
Honey, you Guantanamo style.
Just keep them.
Yeah, I play Metallica.
I bring the dogs out.
That's right.
I was going to say, just remember, you know, for cats, I'm just remember,
you know, you're the lucky one.
So just just get that in the back of your head, too.
Now, it's in the front of my head.
Back of my head.
Go ahead.
What's that, Matt?
Yeah, I was just saying, for case on the other hand, if you want to turn this up
or clip this for Kendall, she should be freaking grateful that you're even dating her.
So she better be just out in your stars if she ever if you ever forget to propose to her.
Finally. You're a goddamn treasure, my friend.
That's what I tell her every morning.
You know, if you propose to her, she she doesn't say yes, within a couple of seconds,
fucking drop her, man. I mean, come on.
This is going to end up on the next home.
Blackwell over here.
What do you think she could do better?
Yeah, I'm hiring a bouncer to escort her away if I propose.
And he's going to time it if she's too slow.
You have your sister.
Uh-huh.
You have your manager and see if you can set up a proposal.
That'd be real cool.
Did it send her a script, right?
That you wrote.
Oh, good idea.
I'll say I'm a writer.
I actually write scripts for a living sometimes.
So if you're not ready to read this, I guess you're not ready to be with a genius.
That's right.
There you go.
You know, she's got to know this, you know.
So, but yeah, thank you for taking the call and but what a big congrats.
I hope you and actually have a whole bunch of years together with as many kids as you want.
Thank you so much, Matt.
Thanks for the call and appreciate you calling into the show as always, buddy.
Thanks, Matt.
Cass, what is the maximum number of kids that you would go for here?
Max?
Yeah.
I don't think I'd do more than three.
Three, OK.
But I think I'd like a two.
A duo.
What about you?
I think Max one.
And that's slightly up from my usual Max of zero.
I think that's huge to go.
That zero to one is the hardest step to make.
Just the fact that you're even considering.
Oh, and it is a cat.
I think Kendall's man actually still zero.
So unless that moves up to one, I think we're going to stick to zero.
Well, the second you have a kid, the Disneyland expense goes through the roof.
You just that for for for the amount of times you guys go per year,
you really get a budget to really take the fun out of it for us.
Then it's all about the kid.
They're like, it's I hate to be the one to tell you this,
but there's a lot for kids to do at Disneyland.
I know, which is frustrating because we'll have to do it then.
Like and we can just do all the adult stuff like.
Yeah, the adult stuff.
Yeah, they can't come into Club 33.
They can't do that.
That'd be the ultimate proposal for me is if I could get Kendall in a Club 33.
Dude, that would be don't even say it out loud because if she hears that,
everything else will fall.
I refuse to do a Disney wedding and I refuse to do it like in front of the
castle proposal and I don't think she'd like that.
But if I sneak her in a Club 33 somehow, she would like that.
That would be cool.
Yeah, I heard just quickly and then I'll wrap up the show.
But I heard some stuff about like how obviously it's very hard to get
into Club 33 Club 33.
I apparently is a very exclusive membership.
You find dining at Disneyland.
I don't know much about it, but it costs quite a bit of money.
And waiting lists can take decades before you even get the invite in.
But I guess like people were selling their spots for like tens of thousands of dollars.
I mean, it looks like this.
I heard of it.
It looks to me just like another room in Disney, but it looks like crazy for it.
Yeah, I don't understand.
I don't understand the provenance of the history.
It literally looks like the back of like an Italian restaurant or something
in the back room where they have the parties like the birthday party.
So I don't know.
There you go.
That's going to do it for our show today, guys.
A big reminder that Patreon episode is going to be Thursday this week.
So please join us, Patreon on the Discord Thursday.
I want to thank us.
I miss some subs here.
I want to thank Stephen Mnemonic.
Thank you for the 21 months.
I will be I will squeeze in a stream.
Eventually I've got so many TikToks to show you guys.
Purple Ranger, who's crushing it on our Marvel Snap Alliance.
By the way, if you play Marvel Snap,
you need an alliance, go go to the Discord.
Find more information in our Marvel Snap Room.
Thank you for the 10 months, Purple Ranger.
And thanks for all the new follows and everyone coming in on this Monday night.
I really appreciate it.
And thanks to all the congrats.
It was a nice weekend for me.
Casey, streaming this week.
I'll be back on tomorrow.
Case will be on tomorrow and a big shout out to Dank Sauce
for doing the call screens.
Please check out Dank Sauce in the Discord on his Twitch channel.
He does GTARP is very good.
He's very funny in these.
What about the Fiona Nova stream today, Cass?
But the Fiona Nova, I know she was threatened.
Did she? I'm checking.
I don't know if she did.
I don't. I don't think so.
I think she's just like still getting over a sickness.
Yeah, it'd be if she streams.
Everyone stop what you're doing and go go check it out.
She's about to have a mental breakdown.
So that's what I'm saying.
You got to go stop and go help her because that's not typical.
But I will try and get her for one of these shows.
I know she doesn't like to commit to anything more than like 45 minutes.
So we'll get her for half the show here.
I will be on potentially this week, but definitely for the Patreon on Thursday.
We're still watching Batman, Cape Crusader,
and then we're doing the Vince McMahon documentary.
So if you want a group of people to watch that with, join us on Patreon,
patreon.com slash the cream underscore team.
All right, are you going to stay on?
Are you going? What's your deal?
I got a bounce as well, but we'll send you miss Gina, Darling's way.
Yeah, go. We'll go right in the world.
Yeah, we have to both rate because we're both live.
Thank you guys so much.
Have a great rest of your evening.
And go tell Gina we said,
sorry, your man's off.
He's off the market.
Good luck.
Maybe she'll get you're going there now.
Maybe she'll get the big proposal soon.
Tell her that it hasn't happened already.
It's not is never going to happen.
Josh can only come to a senses now.
So here we go. Yeah.
All right, go tell her we said hi. Love you guys.
We'll see you later. Bye, everybody.
Have a great night.
They're off.
See you.