We should be back
I forgot that I have this weird green screen going right now
Honestly, I should be able to fix
About a thousand years. I know it crashes every time I try to do that. Let's see if I can fix my green screen
Stop it
Stop adding all this lotion
It's too weird. Why is my green screen struggling so much?
I'm gonna try one more. I'm gonna try one other. I'm gonna try one other little trick
I could just also not have a green screen. Okay, that's better
We busting. Let's see if we can join Fiona's game. I gotta wait till she's in space
Or I can't join
Uh, in fact, I'll just pop into her stream. I'll talk to twitch
Um
Fee can I join in after this planet?
Let's see if she notices. I think there's actually no way like you guys need to survive
I'm probably gonna die. Oh shit. She's sending the bees
Send for the bee
Okay, she says yes, okay, I pick it up and then you just run
Okay, wait, I just realized the issue
Also, why is my lotion thing? There's so many things going crazy on my stream right now
Good cash money. Okay. Space, honey. I gotta add the audio
There you go now you can now you can hear it all
Exterminator's lost in the sauce
All right exterminator it looks like he's like in a silent hill game
I gotta try to join as soon as they lose
Then maybe I'll make Kendall play if she wants to
And I'll go set up her computer
And none were successful
Yeah, I wonder how they're doing so far
Also, I wonder if Fiona wants the full huge crew in which case I'll put out the blast
Everyone getting exterminator's lost. Do you guys even see it on
Dude, look at the fucking pile of dead bodies. Oh
Oh, exterminator's using a some sort of mod. I can't see him. He's like a guest. Oh my god. Is he cheating?
Is he a cheater?
Or is he he must just have like a spacesuit mod or something. He's he's he's just foggy is it?
Oh, I gotta change one other thing. Oh, yeah
There we go. I just think that's crazy now. It's all working
Oh
Exterminator's in the water. Oh, he's out. He's out. What? What am I looking at?
Struggling to survive
Dude, oh no, it's uh, I'm just losing audio because I'm changing settings
I the way I have OBS setup is insane
It's probably a better way, but basically if I switched to a scene that I use as a
It's not worth explaining, but I have a bunch of layers some of which don't have sound
He's going the wrong way
I mean, there's no way
Should be able to add all the lotion we want
right
What the fuck was that? Is that a just to prove it?
Oh, and there's bees. Okay. Well, he's he's getting closer because there's the bees. Oh, yep. Oh, they're lightning bees
Oh my god adding lotion does does do a weird thing dude
I think
Same last same. I would absolutely end it all if I was lost
I think you're setting it up
Where would you take two?
Oh, oh, I don't know what's gonna happen outside of the hole, but if I dig a hole, that's my hole of control
I guess so I guess you're right. That's my hole of control, but that's crazy
I think he just got oh you're dead
I think up the hive
They gotta
So what is my tech doing commentary wait what's a multi stream cup? Oh, yeah, you're right
I could set it up to just be switching between all the pile of dead bodies
Okay, I'm gonna invite case guys. All right, let's get in here
We did it. We did it
Good job, everyone
So, I don't think they're in space
Okay, wait case you have to
Leave you on a stream an error occurred. Oh no. Oh fuck. Um, let me ask her what mods she's using
I have to close it. I guess should I launch it? What am I using that? I shouldn't be
Uh, shit
Does anybody know what mods they're using?
Let me invite case one more time. See what mods are you using?
Case I'm trying late company ship loops
LOL
Flashlight the yippie mod spectate. Oh, maybe it's spectate enemies. Oh, um, I'm using late company
And bigger lobby and lcapi and bippin axe to use
I made a nightbot in the manner of this type that
Oh, right. Oh, yeah
Goku shouldn't be a case you could use this code and it'll import it all
Um
That's
Wow, we did it guys. That was a big one, huh?
Let's try again. Yeah, flashlights this whole time. Oh, we did. Yes
I love mods and how they work so seamlessly
So
How much damage my error occurred
Um, fuck
Sorry
All right, let me turn off everything
Okay
Dude, let's see I want to see what I can buy
A late company should be fine
Oh my god
I gotta turn off the yippie mod tragically. That's what this part mod the good
I agree lethal expansion core. I don't know if I want that
Okay
I thought yeah, I thought
Oh my god
That's just released the board released the board. What is that? What this? I've never seen that
Well, I'm real squeaky boy. I purchased it
Orange just launching again
Well, it was just a hundred bucks. Yeah. Oh cast him join now. We're all here. We're all getting in here
I
You guys look like a deep shit. Okay. All right. All we did make me cry a lot of things made me cry
Oh, yeah, I haven't seen I didn't ever get to make that
Is case here I'm trying. I mean by case you said he needed 90 seconds and that was like
But I see I see that he's here. Oh, I see that he's right. There we go. Hi behind the camera
Case right here
Okay, there we go. Can you guys hear me?
He got thunderstorms
And then that's the code if you want to import that code to use the same mods as me or if you want
Not happened
Oh, no, nothing fee. I'm good
Oh, no, I thought that was all just a joke. Wait, what are you talking about?
Oh, I said I would make a promo, but I just I was completely unable to add no
No, there's no promo because they're not releasing the episode. Oh, they're not you hear
Dude, did you hear? Wait? What happened?
tech issues
What's no promo? Yeah
Well, then I take it back. I was just about to do the promo
Yeah, you should you should have been the promo was done. It's ready. It's a god now. I can't
She made you cry
Damn brutal
Do you know what the technical issue?
No, she didn't answer me. Yeah
Well, okay. Yeah, so if awfully is saying this and she's not giving you a reason then it's probably
She's not and then I asked I asked to call like talk to her. She hasn't answered you get her in this game and bite her
Wait, she how did it go? Was it was it relatively normal? Yeah, it was a great episode. Oh, okay
Yeah, you should tell us what the episode was. The episode was it was great. I gave her cream tea
I great Gina and I'll believe cream tea merch and they gave me the calendar and then
And then we talked about like Gina and I talked about like crazy adventures
We were on and then we talked about pal worlds and then
um
Yeah, it was like a really good. I mean I felt drunk
A drunken was not he didn't talk about how she got
She got drunk and how she infiltrated
It's a shame when I read this
It was really good. I
What happened, but I mean whatever I just don't understand how there's social clips, but not a video
And I'm a big were they reporting with like different devices
Yeah
But did they maybe record some of the social clips out on device? I mean, there was three cameras
I don't know. I don't know. It's not the same
Something's a little fishy
Sounds like something clementine would cover
I don't know, but it's okay. Oh
Cass said that he's having the shared issues launching
Why is he can't launch?
Yeah, he's having issues giving it up. They're totally removing her from the vibe
Happens he's 40 layoff
But I also like it's not like they re-invited me like they just said sorry
Well, maybe that's come maybe they'll follow up with hey, I don't think
I'm gonna tell you guys I don't think so
We'll just have to do a rematch for you to get back on again
I didn't even I didn't even want the rematch
Kassim says to invite
Of course. Oh what?
Oh invite Kassim
Yeah, anyone want to play rock-paper-scissor fight?
Okay
Today Kassim was watching a
police chase and on the back of the truck was a bike
like a
Like a bike bike like a motorbike right a bike bike. That's feeling his bike and he's driving away
I think it was
But Kassim's not online right now
Is he actually he can just right click on right click join you
And if he might he might have a thing he might have a thing that shows him offline or like he might not
He might have that setting
I just invited him
I'm actually a mistake
He says right click join right so I just invited my nephew
He's the one to join me earlier
So he's currently Tracy Chapman
He changes his name currently. Okay. Yeah, it's my counter
Uh, I think if an error occurred it must be a mod
Yeah, I had to turn off a bunch of mods to join
What mod do you have Kass, what mods do you have?
What I import code just makes a new profile so you can just click that
Mods that you have
But it should be
Is that why you don't have to try and find
I use the code. Oh, no not v49. No, that's that's the upload. That's not the mod
He also needs to he needs to launch it out of the thunderstorm too. He might have
Holy shit, it's Tracy Chapman
This is the best mod Kendall is asleep, but when she wakes up I can get her in
Tracy Chapman, do you actually drive a fast car?
See
Oh, we'll drive
I have an idea if we die
What if you don't know if we die
We could split into two teams and compete against each other for the fuck of it
A real team why why won't it mod wait, but isn't that doesn't that self-select a bad team and a good team?
He should maybe make sure that yeah, I'm getting in the zone
Yeah
I don't know because it shouldn't
I mean, there's something something he needs part of his problem is probably
That he didn't delete the mods that he had on there before
He started vanilla before
Oh when he like
One time, I mean, he might need to update his mods to the update all his money wouldn't let me join cases
But it would let me join fiona's. I don't know why but when I write fiona's it'd let me but not case
I think you have to
If you did the whole folder thing that they told you to before the thunder mod you have to quite literally reset the game
He just needs to uninstall reinstall it it actually isn't that hard to tell him last time to uninstall reinstall
But he went with the thunder mod thing and then
The old mod I didn't have to uninstall delete the local folder
Yeah
Because everyone's afraid to download thunderstorms so they mod it directly
He's hearing worse
It is incredibly annoying though how often the mods lead to issues like this
It's user error. So if this is the situation then what you need to do is you need to go into steam
You need to uninstall the game
Then you need to go into your steam steam apps folder find the fold
Deleted because it may not have deleted the files that aren't I could have crumb play
Then reinstall the game
Then load up all the crumbs in there
It could be I could play with you guys
And this is why
I can be a gamer
Enable the gamer
They much in crummy to have a competition switch off every single
Oh my god
We can I'm I'm fine with that
I would love to see
That'd be fine by me a match between munch and crumb or at the end
Like crumb is that munch totally folded in and it was a prerecord the whole time
I'm fighting for month. That's the kind of thing he would do that is the kind of thing
I'm kind of a real ass gamer. So I actually play is my deal wait lethal company's head time
There's a tie of leaf company erotic
If it's not Japanese, it's not a game
Okay, well, do we know that it's a cool boss. It's a tentacle boss
It's just
I've been told I look like the avatar
Which one
I've been told I look like an old hideous version of him
Is that like getting out of the pool when there's light
She's getting the band back together
Just launch the ship leave the week behind
This is a means tested game of lethal company
This is above my skill
These beautiful woods
So folks closure I I'm I'm not that familiar with the game
But I do understand my counter strike
at a particularly
Mean nephew that demanded to play with
Cash them hates me. What have I done to him trash normally? Thank you so much
for the show
Too kind. I appreciate the support as I learned the in and outs of this game
It's so far. It's a beautiful forest simulator. Oh, hey, this guy's the cbb. I love comedy bank bank. Oh, we um, I like comedy and
Uh, I'm sex positive. So I agree
Oh, well, there you go. What's that? What are these guys? I'm sex negative. I just got tested
Well, I respect all of valid viewpoints and
And testings what are you guys?
Oh
Those bees are filled with lightning
Here here you distract the bee. I'll grab the honey. I this is gonna work out. Okay
They came for me instantly
Yeah, yeah, yeah, and that's what we want them to do. All right, fellas
How are you? How are you there? She's fine now. Oh
Oh
No, no my cash
No, no, you're dying. Oh my god. Oh my god
Oh, they're toying with him his flashlight
Violet zone furiated
Maybe he's okay. Hello
I didn't kill him. I tried to help
Maybe he's all right
relax fellas
I'm a good negotiator. I talked things down
Oh, are you all right? Oh
The bot he didn't make it
I'm so sorry folks
He did not make it
But shapeshifter ships. Oh, what's happening to me?
What hey
Excuse me. I thought you're the person. Oh
Okay
I didn't understand the shapeshifter. Oh, okay
Um shapeshifter died. He's dead. Yeah
Oh my god, my friend. I'm so sorry
Oh look at him
I think he was young
All right, I'll go go back out there and try to get revenge on those bees
I didn't murder him. I was attempting to help this game is
Well, look, this is an important lesson in bee safety
You can't walk right up to bees. I didn't know that this game was that realistic
So I thought maybe I could befriend the bees
And I wasn't able to despite my immense skill at negotiations
Fellas you have to be careful with those bees
Oh, yeah, Fiona careful. Please they're vicious
They killed a man instantly
I did I saw that so
So they have a flashlight now
Yeah, should I try you want to try to grab it? Oh my god
I'll attempt I attempted to distract them and I failed but I will make another attempt
Well, why not why don't we go this way so you can escape the other way? You know what I mean? Okay
Okay
Well, you escape backwards and I'll I'll bring them this way and I'll run to the fire exit
Bees I'm back for vengeance. You bastards come for me. No. Ow instantly hurt
Come at me, bro. What no I heard
Oh my god, I have it I have it
Someone's bad someone's bad. You gotta go. You gotta please leave him alone. Okay, stop run
I'm crumb. I'm crumb. Okay. I'm going
Due to my excellent sense of direction. I know right where the ship is
I think I think we lost him
You think so there's other there's more bees here
What?
You found more bees. Yeah, go go go. Oh, okay. There's more bees here
I have the beef. I have the beesack. Oh shoot. I'm a little bit lost
Oh my god. There's still more bees attacking everyone
Oh, there's the ship
All right. Good. Good. Good news folks. I have a beehive
Oh
Got rid of the bees
There's a giant outside as well. I'll go try to talk them down
Excuse me
Where's everybody?
Not the bees not the bees they came for us in almost immediate. Oh my god
What are you demons?
Why are there bees everywhere?
What fresh hell is this?
And what happened to these bees this was honestly what's in store for this for the entire planet if we don't respect the bees
This is a lesson for all of us to learn
Oh flashlight
Oh my god, this was my friend's flashlight in honor of him. I'll pick it up
This is brutal. Oh, what excuse me. Um
Is that normal?
Was that a normal guy can I talk to us?
Huh
What killed me
Wait
I don't believe am I dead have I entered the afterlife? No, I just couldn't
Oh the ship left without me. Oh, I think it it disables it after
Oh, you guys abandoned me
It was a certain spot where like it was showing up
You all abandoned me
By the way to die just like went straight for me when you when you wrap
And then I ran inside
And they dispersed but then like they just kind of fly around like crazy after you take their
Deserved
Yeah
All right, I apologize. I apologize
I can't get it up there. I can't get it up. Okay. I did it people died for this. I am so sharp
Casting
We are many we are we are legion. We're not more than 16. No, definitely not. Uh, yeah, I'm I'm over 16
Oh, that just makes me feel more comfortable
Yeah
Can you click thing and say join like
Join game. Can you click that? It's not letting me
anybody, uh
Wait, are we at one day? So we have one more day. I'd love some tea
Anyone want some pot?
Oh, I'd love some
I know my hands are shaking. Look at this. My hands are shaking. We'll see him
Hey
I love that game called floor pot. Watch
I love it
Oh my god, why do you guys have so many noises?
I'm gonna drop the pot. That's the base. All right. Yeah. Well, we'll wait
Does it not work? Wait, you want me to try to invite him?
Yeah, if you could. All right, I'll go get gage. Joey figures show from crumb. Yeah, I'll go get gage. I'm back.
I'm back. I'm back. Um, okay. Where's my
Or does it say invites only invite to watch because that's the only one I get
Um, I'm probably gonna get that if you're that. Hmm. That might mean maybe just remake fee
Because then you can probably invite him. Okay. Let me remake. All right guys
Suits mod
No, I think at this point at this point it's too dangerous
I'm just inviting. Okay, just guys. Everyone join my game. Okay. When I start, okay
Good old lethal company mods
Honestly, they are the best, but they do make it impossible for some people to join. All right, I can't join yet
And now I can join
Assuming, direct control.
I kind of figured out how to get poles up on my restart.
That's what he definitely has to make sure he's visible on his steam friends,
because I don't think you can join if you're appearing offline.
Well, like, oh, OK, I can invite him to game.
I can invite him to game.
Like, Exterminator sometimes doesn't show,
like, it doesn't show that he's, like, he's playing.
OK, Casim, I just, I didn't do it.
Can't pick up flashlights until the ship lands?
Casim says his game crashed.
Will Crumb die?
Oh, I'll get Crumb again to see if he dies.
He did die, but he didn't understand why.
Don't go get him.
I don't know what's going on.
It still says an error occurred for Casim.
What the hell?
This means his mom said, isn't it right?
Yeah.
Something about the mods isn't right.
He's going to get frustrated.
He's going to break something.
Did he uninstall the same one I joined on case?
Interesting.
So it has to be the mod.
I called my IT guy.
He said it's the mod.
Yeah.
But did he uninstall the game?
But did you uninstall?
Let me know, Casim.
No, you did right.
You just, I don't think you uninstalled the game
and reinstalled it.
See, I didn't have to do all that when I went from
the way I did it to the mod pad.
I'm going to surprise you all.
Well, because if you didn't uninstall, OK,
that's weird, then.
I don't know.
He's got to delete his old folder.
He has to delete his old folder.
Oh, that's fun, right?
It contains.
Deleting the mod folder is probably all I have to do
because I didn't have to uninstall my game
when I went from there.
He should delete.
I know that, too.
I know about gaming.
He has to navigate.
I didn't delete the old folder.
OK, you have to delete the old folder.
Delete the old folder.
You've got to rename system 32, system 6.
Oh, I'll go do that right now.
I didn't get it.
Uninstall the game.
Just delete the entire game folder.
Yeah, I mean, if you uninstall a game,
it shouldn't delete the entire game folder,
so it should be one, apparently.
If you go outside and then come back inside,
it'll probably work.
Hour 2 is heating the fuck up.
There are so many of us.
We're just now approaching Hour 2.
Oh, I can point.
Hello, Jimmy.
He did a repair on these files.
System 6.
And the Goku Bracken?
Yeah, he does like a check.
I don't know if we can.
I don't know what this guy is.
I don't know.
I think Kassim's doing a lot more than I meant to do.
So I don't want to keep having him do more things,
or else he's never going to talk to me again.
I'm worried that everybody that can help him
is in here.
I'll drive over to his house.
Send me his address.
Send him one of those emails that gets his passwords.
Hillary Clinton him.
Fishing scam him.
Happens to the best of us.
Good tactic.
What?
Don't install it on one of his three other computers.
Right.
Okay, so what I'm understanding is,
he uninstalled the game,
but he still needs to delete the old game folder?
Potentially.
Tell him to look at Robby's.
It should get rid of the old game folder,
because that's how I did it.
It does not get rid of the old game folder.
It doesn't, because those files aren't part of the game.
Oh, okay.
Why are you trying to add a new mode?
No, he's trying to delete his old mods that he used in the folders.
Yeah, so you have to go into the folder, delete the mods,
then uninstall the game.
Well, actually you don't even need to do that,
but the mods that you install manually are still there,
and Steam doesn't delete them every,
it may not delete them from the folder.
So you have to uninstall it, then you have to delete them.
Amir is helping him in Robby's.
Okay, Amir is helping him in Robby's.
Well, let's just keep going.
Wait, two days?
I mean, that's how we've been coordinating.
Oh, I thought we were...
Oh, hang on. Let's look at the moons, yeah.
Because I think it just...
Oh, we don't have the hive.
Okay, it didn't save when we quit.
Shit!
We've been coordinating with Tasman for two days to get in this game.
Let her learn.
All right, well, Val's clear.
Okay, Val, let's fucking go. Let's land.
Oh, you have to do it.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
I called it.
Okay, sorry.
Got an email.
So, everyone said I'm gonna die.
Everyone said you're gonna die.
They voted and said I was doomed to die.
But I feel strong, and I think I can win.
That's the human experience, Cromby.
Well, I understand that in the long term.
Long term?
I mean, in the long term, on a galactic scale, it's all...
It's all...
Well, if infinity is real, then maybe I'm doomed to live forever.
Oh, no.
Well, where's the infinity? Point to it.
Up.
Up in the sky.
And checkmate.
Checkmated.
Checkmated?
Checkmated.
I mean...
Are the bees back?
Nope.
The bees are back.
How could they do this to us?
I think we should leave them alone.
They killed us instantly before.
Send it.
Oh, my God. What's he doing?
No, my friend.
Oh, my God.
Look at the birds.
I'm gonna just assume he's safe and he knows what he's doing sometimes respect is about
Respecting that your friends can get it done
Okay, where's my that guy there? Where's that dark dark fellow? Who's
So
What do I do?
What do we do here folks?
It might be a little lost already. I don't really little jumpy do okay. I don't
Watch me to do this
Someone get give this a if anyone time miss a sub
Thanks for the follow Arlene the bean if I miss any subs then I thank you so much
Or the subs of course
Trash and I'm you gave out subs. Thank you again. Wait a minute. I was so
Distracted by the subject. I made that jump like it was nothing. Maybe the secret is to distract myself. Wait, what?
What am I to do in this place? Oh
Hey, hello canine unit. Okay
Crumb see if you pick up a room bus if I see a room but pick it up. Okay
But this place looks clean, so I wouldn't be surprised if there's some Roomba's about
Hello
All right, I did this last time I jump and then I jump again. Oh, okay
Hello. Oh my gosh
Hello there hello there
Where did that?
Hello
um
I'm hearing crying babies
I just heard a crying baby. Is that normal? This sounds like a powerful unit
Can we make tea?
Hello, um
Was that good?
Did I help am I helping I'm hearing footsteps
Yes, it's me. It's Leonard Crumb. Hello friends
Hello humans, please
This was the canine unit door. It's open now. I'm hearing things as well. Just where I just was. Oh
My gosh, I'm already I'm running in circles like a fool
Ah, who's that? Who's there? What's up? Hey?
Excuse me
Looks like munches here a little bug a bug person
That's what I think of him
It's just the right way. No this way led to nothing correct
Okay, I'm running in circles
frightening
Do you fellows know the way out?
Another jump how does one escape this labyrinth gentlemen?
Not that I could trust corrupt monsters to tell me. Okay. I'm back where I started again
I need to rescue the baby
Okay, that's hello
Oh, there's this a different way. This looks like a different way. Um, it wasn't was a dead end
And this is
Where's the baby?
Is there a baby?
Hello. Oh, hello. Is it you? Are you a child?
um
Anybody know what that gentleman's issue is
What the heck?
um
I've seen the classic film the blob and I suspect that this is up to no good
This is a house of horrors
Please leave me alone creatures of the night
Go home. I at this point it would honestly be my preference. Oh my god. The lights have gone out
Please blob. What are you attempting to do?
Are you the baby that was weeping?
Why is it in the door still come on? What do you want for me?
It went through the gouge if it was nothing just attempt. Ow
What what?
What?
God
I'm hearing thugs in the distance is that bad
Hello
I like this game when it was when I was free in the woods
But I will not succumb
to hopelessness and fear
Much wouldn't I much would not
Much claims to be a gamer. I think he's a fake
Why are these big boys out? I'm shenching that they're not friendly. There's this shit. Why am I so alarmed all the time?
Hello
Hello, oh, hello
Oh, oh
What the bees speaks of our I were the bees after me
Are you still alive?
I was alive. Oh my goodness
Oh that work for nothing
The bees got me. He got devoured by the giant. I thought and then he he instantly started spectating someone being attacked by bees
No, I was surrounded by bees. I'm not losing my mind
That is so insane
You got saved but then you died from the bees
That's so funny. I was I was doing well. I had a glowing object
Okay, I was doing good. I befriended a black fellow in the catacombs who was following me
I saw that
It was you alive friend
Use my friend he was walking me home
Wait, why can't it go?
Okay, I'm gonna get case because I'm upset. I did die
Maybe I'll play more
Case isn't gonna solve your problems. I I I just I needed I need to go call my wife
This is a problem. No, we're bugged. He doesn't have
I don't know if he has a wife
What we have to quit the ship isn't landing
I wonder if they haven't stopped you
Oh my gosh
Time ball
You and I have some bad news for you they they hit the sub goal for me to be papito for this next one. Oh my god
Oh, hell yeah
I love how you get papito. Oh good
It's papito time
um
I've played this before I feel like I get it
My little paws aren't the best at buttons, but I'm excited because I know see how it is here
Hello, it was actually great as long as he's not freestyling when there's blind dogs. Oh, I was gonna
I am gonna free I have to freestyle though the whole time I think
Also haven't seen one blind dog, which is so crazy
And papito does have bars. I tell you I won't I won't freestyle this time. I'll just be a good boy
But I'll freestyle the next run
Because I don't think they I don't see a boombox anywhere. So I don't even know how I will freestyle
Watch papito take the opportunity to work on his written material
Oh, I can't write because of my dog limbs and brain
Uh
Not even with those buttons. I could smash the buttons and see if they're right
My quarter hitters
Oh
Everybody's here
Thank you for gifting
Gifting us up to pass them age. Um says you all are playing version six
Wait, why are you playing version 49?
I don't think he launched the modded version
Did you launch the
The mod version like are you on thunder store and you click launch modded thing?
Yeah, you got two runs manila modded
You can't click on the game
Like from speed you have to go into thunder store and I'm gonna spend time with yona
I'm at dog height now this feels good
I don't play like this
Okay, do that and then I invite you and then it should be
Papito, do you know the dog that used to sell taco bell? Okay
You know I'm talking about
That sounds familiar
Like a little creature that would sell, um human meats and crunchy stuff. Yeah
Yeah, like it's like a it's like a gremlin, but also a dog that sells
Isn't that the dog in Beverly Hills Chihuahua?
Oh, that was like that's uh
Little bit, right?
I think that might have been my cousin
In Beverly Hills Chihuahua
Hey
I just like release the pork cut release the pork cut
Here we go. Please sit watch it. Just be genius hanging tit the whole time. No, oh my god
Oh my god, I'm mostly trying to crush it
Oh my god. Hey, uh, how come there's no bunk in here? Oh, we took it out. We just store builds
You can just sleep on the floor like me
Geez don't sleep
Because we're a lot like uh, where am I supposed to hold my little powwows?
Um, by the there's a little hole behind if you jump over here you can go behind
I'm a dog. I yeah
Kind of man
Lethal lethal g is here
Oh
That's
Wow
That's how everything looks to me. Oh, oh god
In the bed covers. They never let me because of the smells I make
Wait, where'd Fiona go? I found you a sheet Fiona. I'll leave the sheet for her there
I hear
No
Oh, you find a big room you're so good
I find a sheet for you I put outside
I said I'll make my mess outside
Oh my god
Careful, thank you
We have a shit ton of people so I think a man
I'm going
This is my first time underground with a flashlight. This is amazing. This is my fun guys. Hello
Flash
I found some pipes
Hey a room you don't need a flash
Hello
Silver a steering wheel
Back this way. Oh
We uh apparatus room, but we need a key. Oh, I have a steering wheel does that help?
I find the fire exit
I'm pretty sure this is most in the motorcycle rolls and I have to do this
Ah, look at my goodies
I found so many goodies
This human structure is
Fun, it looks like all the human structures to me big and I don't get why it exists
La la la la la
This is a way to the leaving emergency exit. Yeah, it's down here
La la la that's this room for I'm a little dog in a dark room
I know
Did this first teach you that song papito? What? I think it's just my song. I think I came up with that
I mean I've met some normal size little blue guys that sing it
Normal of me
Because I'm a little guy
Are they little guys? I guess they are if they're my size. They're even smaller than me actually
La la la la la
I need a boombox so I can freestyle
A dog see blue. No, this whole screen is just black and white to me
And confusing and I'm just going off instinct. I don't get what's happening
but I'm
here
Oh
Oh, that was fine. I'm like the dog because I'm a dog like thing. That's a dog
pins
I was killing
I got my nerves chilled listening to the fucking psychotic sounds behind the counter. No one else gave any
Ignore that my flash. I didn't even go back out. That's everyone
Yeah
We have a statue
Well, how many more items are left?
Uh, I think it's okay. I don't know how many like you want to scan
Oh my god, look, we're back here. Hello. I mean, I mean we should maybe go
I want to get to like a good those good
Yeah
Hi, uh captain
Hello from hi-bye. Oh my god, they lost it. They lost all that stuff. Hi-bye world
I wonder if it's gonna break again
Oh my god, so much stuff
It sounds like a lot. Oh
It's raining right now raining. Okay, let's not do that
Or we can bring you on maybe once we sell this and then you can come on
I could just join now because all right, that's true. We
They're all fucked up
They're all fucked up. I think rainy is probably the big
Okay. Yeah, that's true
Wait, I can't
Invite you. I don't know if it's a mod thing or not
All right. Well, rainy eclipsed are flooded
Uh
Uh, uh, right
Yeah, rainy
I think Fiona
Yeah, the veto agrees with me
Oh, yeah, we don't have a boombox
Did we buy it?
I talked I talked about
Okay, we're we're actually bugged again. We're bugged again
Unrailed what the hell I think you have to just make a new we gotta start over. Oh my god
But we just we we
Fuck
Why
We got so much shit
But I got nothing don't worry. This is my chance to do better
Okay, yeah, maybe we have to make a new file
And
I'll just make a new file. Okay, whatever guys
What do I do?
Oh, no, Fiona's gone. I find it
Your precious
I'm in, I'm in. Oh, you're in. Okay. I bought something that'll stop us from crashing
Amino's back in the house. Oh my god, there's so many
I don't think I've ever played lethal company with this many people
Yeah, I think we're breaking it with how many people we are actually breaking it
Oh the bunks are bad
Oh my oh, we're just going the bunks are gone. Wow
We started the ship. No, I'm getting an alert here. That's just wrong. This wouldn't start yet
Yeah, do we
Primes, uh, wait, what dipshit?
Dipshit our last guy
Fuck
No, no, I'm good. Oh my god
I'm sorry shape
Nope forever. Yeah, I'm good. Hold on boy. I'll move it
Where's my boombox?
Oh
The secret use the terminal
I get the boombox doing press fiona and then what?
We get happiness. Yay
Away from the other noises, so I can't stop the rules of the game where I can't stop freestyling no matter what
Oh, you're the best. I'm like chaperoning
Let's go to the fire exit
He's chaperoning me and that's nice, but I'm gonna run through the place fast twice as fast as you
What do oh thanks
I'ma leave this I'm gonna go
For sure it's time to run up the hill and go through the front door
I'm so
Well, I can do what a look see do
Gonna feel it so big very stable bridge. Hello my friend. Let's jump all around
I guess I'm wrapping so I better go
Piece of scrap pito's playing a whole different game so fast through the place
I'm gonna find thing. No, miss. I'm due to go
Out the room and enough
Disaster walk a pillow. Oh new beat
Fucking around in this place
Find and scrap my own pace
Little pause in your face
But pita's got perfect pace
I jump easily too
I jump over that cliff and I live
And I'm a little dog, but my spirit's big. Oh my gosh. What are you?
Hey, hello
I'm on the other side
To be my best pair find him
I can't find him, but I won't deny him gonna find the bracket and I will try him
Oh, I also was right at the exit if you guys were looking for the exit
It was right past me, but I'm totally lost too
Oh, yeah
Anyway, let's run in the dark
Dramatically to the dark and then you find the new room. That's good
Everybody
On this thing and spring down and you're gonna find the way up and then you're done. Um, probably not this way
Or maybe it's exactly this way
Where's my friend the bracket? He would show me the way up
Not this way I retrace my steps to run a back comma
Listen to the guy with the flash because if he's got a flash that means probably smart
And he will leave you easily back to the start. Oh my god, the corpse
Everywhere you go
Oh, hey bottles
Oh my beats bottles aren't worth it
With the boombox. Oh, it's right here. Yeah
Yes
It's okay
Yeah
It's important to express yourself
Someone's muffled they sound like they're underwater
Maybe this is the way out. I don't have a beat, but that's just me
I'm a rap anyway with a little doggy feet
Oh boy, it's so dark all the time
One of my least favorite things about how
Hey, here's a place. Oh
Hello, buddy. What's up? You got a big mouth, but that's what that's what's up
And I like big muzz and that's fine. And oh, I can actually try this again. Okay
Wait, wait, where's my beat? Oh shit. It's slow now slow it down
Here we go
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Do the do the do the do. I don't like these. I like these
Okay, um, I need a new beat. I need a Smurf's beat
Let me find a Smurf's beat
Smurf's beat. Oh shit. I'm on the floor
I'm a term in your turf a little fucking freak looking just like a Smurf, but I'm twice tonight
I'm not blue. I'm white or maybe I am tan. I don't even know man
All I fucking know is I'm the dog at night and I'm a poodle for real good
But I can't get enough of your steam and I'm a make-up artist and I'm looking at my little
Pepito when you know it
The Pepito man
We definitely need that teleporter all that living so we definitely need that teleporter. Oh for sure. Let's see
We love Pepito. Okay, I'm gonna take a break. I'm done being a dog
It should still bug oh my god, what the hell?
We got to switch to uh
Maybe someone else. Okay. Yeah, I guess I I guess I could host
I mean, I'll eventually have to quit but I could probably host through at least one quota before we die, you know
Fuck
Yeah, why don't you take my juggle off the table?
I can invite the encase and then I'll rest y'all
Filter in from there. Why don't you take my juggle off the table? Yeah, okay. Why don't we do that?
Okay, okay
He might be in this pile of human
This game is like, okay, it's so bugged. It's so bugged. So who's who's making it?
I am radiant. Okay
Okay, it didn't work. All right, we wait a second
There we go
You know, I'll just make it 10
There we go. Okay. Now we're good to go
Play the game
Actions and go I didn't know it was you
I'm just I'm just fucking lost. I'm lost. Dude. Look how many fucking suits. Yeah, we got suits now. That's kind of like so
So if you got the suits, watch these suits. Can I get the orange suit? I want the orange suit. Oh my suits might have been orange
Wait, I'm going to rejoin. Oh my god. I'm going to rejoin literally slot the guy. What you have to rejoin?
Well, I want to turn my suit spot on
I need those suits
one second
Squirt some lotion on to me while I do this game
More suits, please. Oh, I'm gonna I'm gonna see if I can turn on the goku bracket too
I at least need the yippie mod in the goku bracket
That's just how I feel
That's just how I feel exactly Travis
Both papito and fiona lives
Oh, we did I'm kind of amazed papito lives
Papito's whole strategy is just to sprint into the dark and rap and he keeps surviving
Maybe maybe that's the way this game is actually played. I do need a suit suit
I at least need a knuckle suit. I need to knuckle up. Hey, we're steam steam steam. There it is
Join game
Will it work?
Oh, yeah, you're doing things with them right now. I just click the buttons
Oh, there's no suits weird. Let's do the clickies. No suit. Oh
Why did the lab the body? Maybe maybe when we go up, I might have turned on the wrong suit spot
I have like seven different ones. Oh, but I'll just
It's more important. Let's turn on the one where everyone looks like
Wow, everyone is still responding with their modelists. Yeah, I'm gonna muscle through
I think I'm still here. Yeah, yeah, still here
Let's play the game wait until
It's not lethal company without lethal G
All other players for install pods. Is this just looping you can just start it. It'll be just you can start it while that's going
Uh, I probably will not do all 12 hours, but I'll do I'll do I'll do multiple hours for sure
Let's grab them
This is having boy
All right, everybody in orange
Go one way. All right. I don't have the mods. We're all north
They don't even know that I ordered his stuff
Those fools I should have just gotten a boombox the most valuable item the boombox
Space friend come on
There we go. What are you doing? Hello shovels if you want them
Oh, oh, yeah, I feel bad for the suit I changed outside because I'm a nudist it is air drying
The air drying mod. All right, I guess let's go in the fire exit
I am the shovel knight
Because fancy is not playing someone's got a shovel also though fancy makes an appearance
If you're in the mood
Or ash or I think anybody we're playing with like 30 people. I'm pretty sure anybody wants to play can play
But you will need certain ones, okay
Hello, anybody need a shovel. It's the death room right away
That's exciting. Hello
Yeah, okay good
For a second. I was like, is that a masked man?
No, no, I'm asking
Also, there's an exit this way if you need one. What's down here? I gotta turn my lights down
I got my news lights on
And it is dark with these on. He's so bright
Hello
Okay
Rob Elvie I guess I could check if Rob Elvie's around
No one most people will not know who Rob Elvie is though. I mean my chat
What are we, huh? Hello? Hello? Okay. I'm not Rob Elvie. Do you want me to get Rob Elvie?
It's me. It's Rob Elvie
Finally this stream is actually worth a thing or two. It's worth a darn for two seconds because Rob's here
Looking the same as always
Great
Hello friends
Welcome to another edition of the coat of the loop-de-loop twisty maze
Hello
Hello, how's it going? Good to see you anything
Nothing. No, I I don't think anyone's jumped into the dark yet if you want to go that way
I think that loops around what it twists around and wheeze
Hello
What is this dang planet's point?
It's like a closed six flags around here just bunch of metal doing nothing
So far nobody's banned yet, but this place is trying my patience
Hello, hello
I'm hearing noises a loop
Deloop there's more of a dead end and
Hello
Excuse me, sir
Excuse me your band sir. Hey your band your band your band your band your band your band
What the hell
Bracken wait no, excuse me. What did I do wrong?
Why did he attack me? I'm out of here. Why would you even play this?
He's a band of any still playing
I don't know. I'm fucking going anymore. Holy fuck all the blob
It's ridiculous
Oh, he ship his face
The mine did not protect me you guys
I thought I could hide you couldn't twist or wait
I thought what's mine was ours. Come on, buddy. I lost our shovel. I'm on Rob lost our
Shifter we get out. Yeah, we get out super alive
I'm dead. I'm very dead dead. There's so many people in the ship still
Give us a big day, uh
The way on v street Tracy Chapman metal chaos right in v hollow. Oh, I see it
Who's hollow?
There's malco I believe in malco
Oh for sure
Mines are banned. I think he banned the whole area he banned who happened to you feel
Um, oh, I died instantly because I'm a mine
Damn mines were rolling the day
Mines are crafty
That's so true. I was gonna play the next fucking day
Oh
It says we're not going to experimentation because it's close. Oh, but that sounds kind of fun. I hate this court so much
I think you're at the same area then what are cool things going on?
It's yeah, I think it might be what me or said and someone's
Mines are fucking it up. Oh, it's not me because I got let me quit and see if you guys can
Inch a case. It's me. We could just quit one by one and see if it turns off
We could either do that or we could all switch to more company
That's true. I like the more company idea
Okay, so what do I what do I remove from my mods? It's so we're gonna remove bigger lobby and we're gonna replace it with more company
Okay, do I have to remove lc ap
You can just toggle it off. Yeah, all right. I'll see you guys in a sec. All right
Gee
Folks
Folks mods are banned
Mods ban the mods
All right bigger lobby. Bye. Bye
Um more company. Oh, I don't even have it
Do I get mods? Okay
Wait more lethal company or more. Okay
Download counts more company. Oh, I do have it. There it is. All right
Now I turn on more suits
Possibly crashing everything
If you want to guess show when you know, she did pop into the stream the other day actually
She did a little munch and crumb action the other day
So what is your right finger?
It was me
Wait, did they confirm it was me?
were they able to
Were they able to do it as soon as I left? Oh weird. Okay
That I'll wait a second
quit
What other okay, then I guess I have to turn everything off
turn off
Is it ship loot? Did she not have ship loot?
I'm gonna turn off ship loot. I'm gonna turn off
more company turn on
bigger lobby
Turn off more suits
Turn off the yippie mod turn off the bracken mod even though the bracken mod should be on my end only
But whatever
Beppin lcapi more company late company. Okay. That's should be all I have on now hdo i've hd lethal company mod on too
I'll turn that off. Okay. Beppin lcapi bigger lobby late company boom launching
Although they might be in a game now, so I'll have to wait a sec
We'll have to do a watch along
If they're on a planet now
Oh, they're waiting. Okay
We we're we didn't switch to yeah, we're still in bigger lobby. Okay
So sensitive this game. I swear
I think it was honestly
Rob elvi that did it though if I had to guess
I think it was rob's fault. All right. I'm joining
Okay more emotes and the suits all the mods are off except the poor ones for me. Okay
As we can land
All right, so I'm the only other one
I'm the only other one
So if it does it again, then it might have been shiplu either like something else or
Well, I think I will say
I think we're good now. Yeah, we'll see
Whoa
Yeah
I must redeem myself bees
Eight pounds of fury. Oh my god. They're already going after the bees. I'm going the other direction
For some reason shapeshift. I read that as my bad confirmed. We're sticking with blowjob
Just so you know
I'm a fire exit guy
I'll love to exit through the fire
Hello, I got a yield sign. Do you want it? I got a shovel. Oh, you have a shovel. I'm kind of a shovel guy
Hello
Do you want another yield sign brief or something?
I'm a coward. Oh, you mean not. Okay. Oh, yeah
Gothen
I should have gotten spray paint my hot new spray paint paint tactics. I'll get it after we get some
And that's the exit
Oh, oh, oh no big boss big guy. Where? Where are you cracking?
Oh, Bracken. Is that what it is? Yeah
Where are these fucking bugs?
I know there's I wish there was a Goku. I'm afraid Goku will crash
Oh my god. It's getting so dark. Hello. Can't just assault me with a yield sign
I I'm not clicking. I'm just walking. I'm walking here. You just up here
I hear a bug and it wants to fight. Where are you? Where are you?
Ah, I hate bugs even though I kind of like this down here
It doesn't say yippie and it upsets me
You bastard
Oh, there's a Bracken
Yep, you fucker. You're gonna get me killed by the Bracken. Yeah, there's a Bracken
It's like the cracking
Yeah, it's it'll Bracken that it's getting Bracken. Um, oh boy. I got a whoopie cushion
Hello, anybody got a key?
No, no, you do someone has a key
There's a locked door over here
No, I have to pee. Oh, you have to pee. Oh, yeah
Oh, sorry. I thought I thought
No, okay
Yeah, well stand in front of this door and piss. I don't have that just see if anything happens. Well
I'm back again. I'm going in circles
What if I just like feed my dangle into the keyhole, that's uh, give it a shot
Um, I'm hearing corpses
I'm not seeing them, but I am hearing corpses
That makes any sense. Oh my god. I'm in the death room. That's exciting
My inventory is maxed
Uh, it'd be good to get you out of here then
Yeah
But let's be real. We probably won't
Hello
Hello
A magnifying glass. I can't pick it up anybody else
There's no angle that works
Bees
Bees inside. Oh no
That kind of sucks that I can't get this it's worth 48
It kind of makes me want to die, which I think I will soon
Dude, I gotta turn this light down. It is so bright looking at the screen compared to how dark this game is
All right, there's nothing in here the death room was useless
Damn it
Oh laser pointer take it all back. I love this room
Where was it? What the frick?
Pick it up, please. All right. Nice. I got a little light now
Maybe the Bracken will be scared by this. Oh, I hear a bug
My natural enemy the bug
Oh my god
Maybe the way out is this way?
No
Six dead
Man, I'm gonna become just another statistic. It sucks
I have I have literally no idea how to get out of here
Literally I read a book on it. I don't know the way out
um
Hello, is anybody still alive and not next snapped?
Oh my god, I'm a hero
What the fuck?
Don't do it, man
Maybe I can distract this frickin giant with it
Taken the long way
The giants come out pretty early
also
The bees are in the back, okay
All right, when the ship starts to move we need somebody to be hot. Okay. I will I will I'm almost back
Oh, okay
Oh, there's a
Yeah, there's a corpse right here. It's a hot corpse
Already made it back
All right, let's go. Let's go. I'm gonna get the
On this, we got a floppy corpse
Oh my god, oh my god, how'd they get on here?
I can't pick it up. It won't let me pick it up. Wait, wait, wait
I'm going up. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Hurry, hurry
I'm in. I'm in. I'm in. I'm in. I'm in.
All right, it's nice. Nice. I'm stuck in this one
You like sunk for real?
Yeah
They're probably
What's that mean?
Oh, yeah
Up those noises
I could have gone worse
I'm seeing a vagina make every one of those noises
You just watched one?
That's true. I've never seen one arrow
I mean also just congrats on seeing
I just heard it. I didn't actually see it
Wonder if it's like we have one day checking the mob. You've never seen a vagina, have you?
Oh, is it not doing it again? Are we still bugged again?
Let me quit and see if it's still named. Maybe it's just my client or something. I'm out of here
It could just be the bigger lobby
Maybe in case it's Neo
I'm gonna Neo it and try to quit. Tell me if it fucks up again or I saved the day
Did I help? Am I helping?
No, we say why don't we just at least do one of these days?
Yeah, yeah, let's finish out this quota. Wait, but now you can do it again
So I guess next time well, I have to do is quit and rejoin every time then
So let's let's try this next time. Um, I'll quit or I can't quit because I'm a host
Someone else quit
On the next round and see if it does it as well
Because it could just be like anyone which means that we probably want to
Well also it's super easy to quit
It's so easy to quit and rejoin too it's like
That's true as long as it like saves
Where's my shovel did I lose the shovel? No, it's there it should be in there. I thought
Someone get crushed by the ship
Yeah
Shovel can I bring the pumpkins?
Bring the pumpkin quitters do win try sometimes the secret quit immediately
Okay, wait, actually I'm gonna turn all my lights down one second a little weird
Okay, all right, well that's something I didn't just snake here that for no reason
Oh, that is so much more soothing. I mean no longer hurts to look at my monitor
Turn the lights down low
Maybe I'll turn this guy off too
Yeah
Oh my god, they already took it
Oh, I know what it is. I think it's
What oh
This whole way is empty
There's no way it's confusing
All the way
Glitch going I gotta like
Oh, you got a hack secretly
Nothing down there
Hello
Oh, no, no, there's a break in
Locked he's locked anybody have a key
I do have a for you. Uh, I follow the sound of my voice
I'm trying. Hello. It's confusing mazes everywhere and there's a bracket. Hello. Hello
Anybody anybody anybody key key key key
We love to key, uh, hello
No
Hello
Getting closer. Hello. Yep. Hello. Uh here. Oh, I got me
Mark up. What's it doing? Oh
Yeah, I mean we get close to you, but it's just a dead end. Uh metalcast. Are you dead? What the fuck?
Kraken you what are you doing lately?
You're off your game. You're leaving people alive dead
And I can't grab their stuff
Okay, things are going a little weird
It's getting weird in here
I'm breaking the game with my evil hacks that I don't have on
Hello, I can't find anybody
Oh, there's a bracken
Are you guys over the bridge over the gap
No, we just came back from over again. Which way are you guys? Hello? Are you in the maze?
Kind of yeah
I hear you so clearly. Oh, yeah, I know. It's like you're right on the other side of the wall, but oh, I might be I might go
It's a dead end
Hello, I'm in the main room with the pipe
Anybody? Yes. Yeah, I've even seen that
Oh, maybe you're on a different floor
I
Can't hear you. I'm I'm uh, I just went on some stairs. Hello. You might be like right above me
Maybe I think I found the fire exit I did
Yeah, are you at the fire exit can you still hear me I hear the hoarding bug too weird
Maybe you're down here. Oh, I think you died
My guess is you're dead. Hey, it's a kettle. Hello
You're alive
Um, man, I wonder how many levels this place is
Hello gotta find this man
Hello, no, there's nothing that way. This is crazy. I don't know how to find you
Think I'm getting closer. I see I hear you
You seem like you should be like right here. I know what's going on
Maybe I'm not seeing people. Maybe I'm
Maybe it's broke. I'm gonna go outside
Are you?
All right, I think you're through this door that I'm at but
We must be in like different parts of the maze
Hello
I would like to see the fire
I'm hearing you clearly. Are you in the maze?
Yeah
Rackens around me
Hello
Bill is there
Yeah, you sound like you're right next to me
But every time it's just I turn into a demon. Have you seen the main room yet?
Oh, you're in the main room
Not in there right now, but I'll come back to it and we'll try to leave
Before we get our next snap
Hello
I'm in the main room
Okay, then there's a bug because I don't see you
Well, maybe you're on the main room
Oh, that's possible. All right. We have to find our own ways out. I guess
Best of luck. Don't do it man. Shit. Now. I also don't know the way out anymore. Hello
Oh, hey
Oh, fuck this where he died. I might have officially gotten lost again. That's cool
Our attempts to meet each other have led to us probably both dying
All right
One of these in this room is just leads straight to the exit not that one if I keep going right I should hit it eventually
Okay, this seems promising
Yeah, don't kill me yet Racken
I want to live
Please I want to live trying to make it back
All right case
Nope case. It's right there. I know case. That's the worm right underneath you. Was it door on him?
No, I'm watching. Oh, okay. I just barely made it. All right. Let's go. I can't believe why this is what we had to do
Oh, we both made it. Wow
Dude, that was so confusing
Yeah
That's that a blind dog
Uh, I think that sounded like a bird look that thing will turn you into a zombie
It'll like stop you from we'll get yield sun taking it off. Yeah
Oh, thank you
I'm just gonna keep that in my inventory. Oh nice
So those are letter grades fee
Those are letter grades
At the end of every round man exit free sweet run back
Hey, let's people did die this time
Nice guys. Good job. Let's laugh
Let's fucking
Do not learn the yield
One grab some panties to sniff. Let's go
Careful guys, there's a limit apparently there's a limit and that is that's the limit
How do we know it's clear all right there now in smooth actually
Oh, I think I think it's fine yield signs like 42 pounds. They're not worth it
I'm directing traffic up here guys. This is useful stuff. I'm doing
Yeah, you live and you learn
Yeah, that's right. I got a fence on a wheel. That's my network. Yeah, you let me learn
That's the worst kind of living outside case really did just find out laser pointer. Yeah, so we could sell a yield sign
Or 29 coins or whatever and then you can buy a bridge or anything else
Yeah, the yield signs are like really heavy
And if you can sell it to get a shovel, it's worth doing that instead
Just get that teleport. It's good when you find it, but like
Once once you're back in the ship
Or once it's sold then it's it's better to just get a huge quota
Um, you're gonna teleport, right?
Goodbye
So once we buy something from the drone, where does it show up in the ship?
I got a flashlight a pro one so um, that's too much
I've been I don't know when playing normally for a player. Tracy Tracy Chapman dropped
That's my nephew
But if you drop before we went in
Or before we like took off it could be just that like we reached some sort of limit with this particular knob
Well, Tracy was also bugged just they were stuck in place of good move. Yeah, so I'm wondering if they weren't the one
Was causing issues or a combination of things. I could be wrong
Um, but it could just be that we okay. There were some things
My sense of time is very bad. So if you wanted to we could we could try more company if everyone's on board with that
So I guess it ain't broke. No, it's okay. Well, it is broke and uh
I mean, there's just been a lot of other weird glitches like when when I was picking things up
um, it like wasn't
updating on the map
Some conversations I hear and I'm just like, I don't want to care
Oh
Underwent Trent think you can stop I guess the ring
Yeah, because cb just came back probably
Rob LV apparently has a website where he
For a youtube channel where he rides roller coasters
But um, we're still on my show. He's just insane park youtube
Yeah
He'll tie it to some train tracks
Maybe it was clustered everybody's talking
Yeah, but don't buy it now you gotta buy it once we're in the air
Yeah
That's nothing
Yeah, I say we just take off and keep going. Let's keep the actions rolling. Okay
Keep rolling rolling rolling. Yeah, let's let this everybody's on the ship, right?
I don't know how many hours are you gonna do case
I don't know. I'm waiting for Kendall to wake up on the ship. She's really
Like a baby
Yeah, a little rougher. Okay
Like a baby you don't care about
Did we lose Fiona already?
Oh, so we got renda's clear dinosaur clips tight
What
I think Fiona likes I think Fiona likes rend more because she likes the mansions, right?
I like the mansion
We're drinking some water. I should drink water. You just bork your toilet. Did I bork?
Which hour is it that you're gonna start drinking?
Uh probably around seven
He doesn't turn when you work
Turn bork it has this really fascinating history, you know, you're gonna hear about the history of the term for snapping off
Yeah
He's probably snapping off right now
He needs a bathroom right quick
You all know the shortcut. I'm doing some hard snapping off
Honestly, is this rend or dying?
You guys know if this is rend or dying? They're dead. They died
Well, I'll know what it which one it is by where the thing lands if it lands over there. I'm pretty sure it's
Hey, you know what? I actually made that up. I don't know
Oh, it's rent. Uh, thank you
Where's my stuff? There it is
I'm the professional shopper for this room. It turns out
I don't really know where the fire exit is here
All right, I'm back
Now that's uh, those are some items right there
The more I play this game the more I don't give a shit about flashlights
I'm becoming reckless. That's what I want. I'm not going in yet
Hey, how's it going class? I'm getting some spray paints for us
Great to see you
I'm buying us four spray paints. Don't tell Fiona she'll be furious jet pack
Oh, I'll get you a jet pack as soon as we buy more stuff for summer
Even when we financially shouldn't be spending the money. I want to be cruising around in a jet pack. I'll stay appetizing. I'll jet pack this for sure
Yeah, perfect. Thanks. Oh my god. Do you hear that spooky noise?
Okay, so I got you some spray paint too if you want some spray paint. Okay. What do we do with these?
Um, I'm using them to like highlight the way out of the building, but you can also use them just to fuck around if you'd like
That's smart. I didn't know you could do that
I'm gonna attempt to do that. All right. I'm going in
I'm right behind you. Oh
Yeah, and you can huff them. Oh, I actually brought two
Uh, that's your little cabin cast for you to live in there is a light in there you can turn on
Okay, but there's no loot in there
There's no functioning. I did see
Holy this is a new crowd control mod
What'd that pee pee do?
It get
It get middle sized
Hey boy, what'd that pee pee do?
They call us the spray the spray paint boy cast I put little dots above the door that lead the way out to try to be helpful
Oh, okay. Great. And then if an area is a dead end I put a dot next to the door
And that's my little system for
Possibly autistic boys
Then I for sure will be paying attention
Can we use these as weapons you can't you can only spray
But cast knowledge is the ultimate weapon and I'm giving people knowledge
Dude, let's completely ruin this beautiful mural a good call
Oh, we can't it's impervious. Oh, yeah
Okay, dude. I feel like a bad kid. Did we just broken into this man?
Yeah, we're nasty boys
Terrible little monsters
What was that? Oh, it was a person
That way it's dead
When it's dead, you do a little one on the side you're saying. Yeah. Yeah, like there
So the people know not to go that way
How come my spray paint is like just oozes out like a pre-jack
Oh, you gotta hit q it'll shake it very nice functionality
I agree
I find spray painting to be soothing
Uh-oh there's a spider spider. Yeah, there's a spider
Oh, it killed someone too
Uh, I'm gonna go put some stuff out front
If you get lost just follow the little dots cast it will lead you to freedom
Follow on your voice
But watch out by the entrance if someone's looking for an entrance. What the hell's the sludge?
Uh, don't touch the sludge just follow my voice. Hello
I marked the way out
Oh, you mark. Oh, okay. Well, I
And I'm bragging about it as I feel accomplished
Hey, what a system
You gotta work the system
I'm gonna go back in I guess it's only three
All right, I'll grab this lollipop. Yeah, I guess I'll take the key
All right
I went all the way around and
Found a long journal engine thing
And that was it and then I got lost. I was hoping someone was like
Um, I think I was
Apparently those guys operate by sight
the
Nutcrackers so we can blab around them. It doesn't matter. Okay. There's a blob that way. Yeah, maybe
This way it's fine to go though
It's so dark. I don't think there's anything down here. Yeah that I'm
Crapping ourselves in uh, I see the nutcracker
I think I have to get around it. I don't have any weapons. Yeah me either
I don't think there's anything
Got Trent. Thanks for giving out the sub again
appreciate it
And uh, oh, I just missed it. I think I'd missed another one. I don't want to thank you for the gifted sub 10 minutes ago
I get so
invested
In the company. I think this might wrap around. I think there are fires down here. Yep. Is that all that's over here?
Well, there's a jester through that wall. I guess that's good to know
I'm also seeing corpses apparently
Based on the music. All right. Well, let's just leave
Let's return our spray paints
Maybe this will help me figure out where the fire exit is on this map
I blame me
Oh, what how?
What?
Oh, they just left the mask it calls to me. Yeah mask was following me. Is that what it was?
Uh, I put on I'm just saying I put on a mask. You guys killed me. I don't know what happened
That's a mask. Yeah. Come on. You have all the
Nothing comes from masking cast. Come on. It calls to me
It follows from the entrance
And I thought I lost it. I saw exterminator. I asked him what that peepee do
He gave me the mask
I can't believe they abandoned. I can't believe you guys abandoned me on the planet like that. No, I thought
Where'd the shovel go now?
Oh red clips guys
That's like a job for us. Okay red everyone guys
Seriously, so who's staying in the ship? Let's just uh, okay. You're staying in the ship guys. Hey everyone pay attention
Hello, we are okay. That needs to stop
Hey guys, um, we are going to an eclipse moon. You need to be quiet. You need to crouch
Even when it's clear it's party time. Whoo. Even if you walk, they'll hear you. You have to crouch
Okay, you're trying. What if I get hurt?
I didn't hurt and run away from where I run away from yeah run away from the ship, please we will leave you
You're trying to attract the people I just put on a mask for fun. Um eclipse party. Let's go
Let's go. Are you talking about that location?
I'm ready. Oh
Yeah, what are we supposed to do?
Shovel it
Play some chikovsky
Oh, he's he's he's on the move
It it works by sight so if you can get away from it it will what do I do? What do I do?
I'm just sticking with case. He always survived
He's gonna shoot he's gonna shoot
Ask him what that peepee do
Well, you don't have to be quieter on these nutcrackers
I'll grab these. Oh, that's what that fucking noise is Jesus cross. Oh, this is spotter up here, by the way
Oh, thanks
Okay, I got bit by a spider a little bit
The level's fun level means you like ship
Happens to the best of us
Shit, this phone's gonna get me killed
Dude, why do they keep doing that?
There was no way there was a dog in the ship needed to be open
There's a dog in the ship
In the ship. Oh my god. I'm so sorry case. They were it was in the ship
Uh
Oh, that was that was fun, but that was brutal. All right stormy. No
Fuck. Okay. Damn. Okay. I'm lucky with this shit
Stormy's pretty bad
That's something before a break
Stormy's bad, but like
Right because it's the metal shit, right? Yeah. Yeah, I don't like stormy
Okay, well we can go
Dude, I was so close
Dude, I know literally they were all good at that dog was going to eat us before you got there
Yeah, they felt like it would have been fun. They failed to avoid the dog
They got to take the hits
What what do you mean? No, but the dog was in the ship. You would have had to go
It was literally right here and get past the dog to get to move
No, no, you just go on the roof and everybody votes to leave. It's the pro strat
Oh, I did think of that
I guess
Okay, does somebody have a remote?
Next time we go. What?
I was asking if somebody has a remote and you learn
His lights were turned off when like I was the only one in this ship
Dude, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know
Oh, shit. Fucking sick
Hi clubber in time. I miss you booboo. How's it going?
Sorry, I couldn't talk. I was had to be silent for these
Dude, another fucking beehive on the bridge
Oh
Bridge time
There's another beehive
Yeah, I feel like they made changes or something and there's like a lot more bees
There's a lot more bees less
Oh
Dude, I can't oh, I don't know if anyone I don't know if anyone
Can't spray
It's not currently off
Okay, thank you. There's a key here if anyone
No, someone needed a key
We needed a key
Why it's disabled because it's locked over here. Fuck you
I forgot what it was Brian, sorry
Okay, he's got the strap he's got the pro strap going
I don't know how to I don't know how to mark this as useless, but oh well, okay, that's okay case apparatus is gone
Did it
That in that way
Um, you just have to follow the yellow dots to leave they're above the doors that lead up
There's turrets everywhere though
Here's the way out. Yeah
There's a bracken I think
What's straight for fiona
I think he lives that way. It's the way at the top. Watch out turrets actually
Oh, there's a bracket
Bracken is by the exit unfortunately. Oh, that's a little fucking interesting
I'm just gonna kill one of us
Okay, one person down. I'll pick up this thing. All right. I'll get us egg beater
All right. Now it's like nothing happened
All right, I think worked out
Should we go over these bees? How brave are we feeling?
Uh
I got my strip sprint up. Do you have stuff other than that, um
Other than that big thing
If you give me the big thing I'll run stuff back if you guys want to try to get the
I'll just leave you with the fun part
Okay, I'll I'll distract the bees first right and then you pick up the hive
I'm spreading spreading death everywhere I go
Because there's so many bees
If they fail to get the bees
I'll go try to get the bees then we can all be dead together
I did give them the death test
It's like collect the bees for us
That should have bees for us
I tried to get the splunther
A board so I wouldn't have to have a new one made and they're like we don't have it
But they definitely still had it. Oh my god, so many corpses. They definitely
All right, I'm gonna go see if there's more bees to go
There's there were two so they want to bring more bees. Yeah more bees, please
Is there more bees?
What's that?
Hungry the way sir
Hungry for bees
Also, the bees should just be roaming around the map super pissed now
We're ready to kill us
You miss bees
I think bees not I think one of us just had I have full health so I can just try to grab it and sprint
And then just run pass it. Will that activate them? Oh, I guess that would
Let's find out. Oh, no, you're gonna die
Oh, they went for me
I'm just gonna I'm here if you want to back up. I'm just gonna grab it and sprint
Are you gonna pull them? Okay. Well, you got it. It's the heist of the century
Go
Be pros now
There is a way to get this where you don't have to die
But I'm not good enough to do it
Good at getting the hive. I guess you can say you're a keeper
Wow
There is one more beehive. Yeah, there's one left if you go out. Yeah, there's also a giant worm
Well, I got no items on me. I'll try to get it
Over there. All right. There's a worm like right by the ship though. Oh, well
He said the front of the ship not not entrance
All right, these are right at the front. He should probably leave, right?
Who's the one that died?
Oh
Bees are inside the ship
Um, are people still in the bases or no, yeah, we should just go
All right, man
So many beehives
We can just throw bodies at the problem. There's so many of us
Six o'clock
Okay, maybe I'll do maybe I'll do one more like
All right
I need to see where my dimmer is because my boyfriend is making me
Oh, damn steak night
All right, just don't overdo it
I don't know if you heard about way by casting magic go for dinner
Um, I'm gonna go check to see what the progress is on
Okay, you do that
Okay, that's all these beehives. It's a pretty good haul
It's quite a day, right? Yeah, we I got beehives before it was cool
They just killed me. We're gonna land. Hi, Fibster
Friends of that vagina I once heard
Steak night
Where's case? I'm right here
We're at the company
Oh somebody got bloody
Somebody died. Oh wait, I don't want to sell a ladder
Okay, I'm gonna ring the bell
Uh-oh watch it. It's pissed for some reason
Because you're running it five times
You can ring it. It's who we work for
Where's Pepito, he'll be back
Maybe but he's safe
In fact, he survived
Every time he played
Hell yeah, this game is getting real how many hours we have left we have a lot of hours eight more hours
Just because
I think that's everything we just leave
Honestly, I like just buying stuff when we land. No, we don't have to like worry people are in the ship
Always play as Pepito, that's the key to the game
I do like some Pepito
Does the spray can never run out? It does run out. It does
Oh, you gotta shake it to recharge it. All right, we're too Fiona. We got rent
No, it should have a it should say on
Oh, nevermind, it's cute. I was shaking my mouth. So I got 41 shaking my mind. I was shaking my butt
Oh
We're gonna use these walkie-talkies
Don't pray it. Yeah, so we had some walkie-talkies in the case thing. Yeah, we've got
Tag your hit
Oh, we got a shot. Why did we get a shower?
Oh
Guys, I'm stuck. I don't know where someone get my back. Got you. Hey, hey, am I
I think I can even get into the ship. Let's just smoke in here. Yeah, let's see why not, man
I like smoking cigarettes in the shower
When they get wet, I'll just let another
You know, it's very safe there's a dog
Oh
We need the lock
Um, no, we have enough money to get one now for some lock pickers in the storage
Lockpicking
Don't waste 16 pounds
All right
Lucky tiger, we have a strict cousin love policy on this stream actually
Hello
He's got the lock picker. Yeah, I got the tea. There's a lock picker if anybody wants it
Asked for a key case to have a lock picker. I put it out front
Okay, cool. Dude, this room was full of goodies. Look at this
You know what? I'm out of here. Okay, you know what? I'm gonna take this back to this
I'll take this stuff back too
Sure if I should oh
Tiger I don't tend to time out people but you might have to chill out a little bit. It's a little too weird for even me
Hello
Hey, case. Yes. Do you have a walkie-talkie? I don't know
Okay, I'm uh, I'm gonna need a teleport
Oh, okay, I'll go down and do that for you
What do we need an adult? I mean, I don't know
I'll take care of it in a sec if I need to
Um, ratty wants to be teleported
Yeah, I know. Yeah, I'm just waiting for everybody else to be out first
So I know as soon as I get him that that call that's gonna go to town's probably gonna find
safe shifter
She doesn't have to use the limits
Uh question, how'd I get here appreciate it
You hell yeah, thank you. Yeah, I had my eye on your radio
Wait, how long did you have your eye on how long time? Why did you not teleport me sooner?
Well, because
Well, yeah, if you went away from that call, then I call ahead would have started like chasing everybody else
They were still in the
That's
Yeah, that's everybody
Rob elvie made a brief appearance in my chat. It's a rare ron elvie necessity. All right. Fiona. What's the first to die?
Have we discovered your alter ego?
Why am I in the shower?
Why am I in the shower?
I want so clean I feel so dirty
Oh
Guys are you starting to smell like rosset sprouts?
He's making them in the prior
Okay, we should grab the hang of it
I'm excited to have another cleanliness next to copy
It is it's great because I'm unemployed
I've been living alone for like a couple years now
I
Can't even order trying to bring my way
No storm in my area
Oh, yeah, let me turn my radio back on
Shapeshifter, I don't know if they charged it
I would not take that play too much
If you have your radio on you still did you charge it? No response. No, sorry. Well, you answered me
No, I was asking I was checking to see Shapeshifter for so
There's ordering some food
They weren't they it was it was weird. I just couldn't play track
They were talking about and they were talking a lot
Though I hate to limit anyone's expression if it's too aggressively expressed sometimes I got no choice
um
I don't listen
Not the one but it's the dust
Oh
Sorry, I'm not your dad. If I go
I'm on a mission to paint
Oh my god
Yeah
All right, let's go where everybody's dying. What's up, what's that?
Oh, where's your turret right over here. There's a turret up here. Oh, I see. I'm trying to sprint by it
I'm gonna put this back
Whoa gotta be brave
Get the hairbrush
Hmm
Let's put it opposite where I gotta jump
People won't know what that means, but I oh my god, it's so many hairbrushes
Yeah, all the shit what's up turret
Behind the turret
Hey, come get this mask
Come get this mask
Come get the what?
My jumping skills have improved at least lately. I have my avoiding the turret skill
Watch out
All right
They're gonna be rich
He's talking trick that would have been quite the trip on the streets
I got a bunch of shit
Yeah, I had enough terms that I did recently say that I was like wait, is he actually talking to me?
This is chissat
Jesus
I'm gonna check this other way just for the hell
I go around this guy
Nice
I think down here
It probably did it. It seems like most of them hasn't done it. Well, it is
Skymer
Thank you for pulling in the good tiger
Should we just take that or add us to go back? Yeah, I think so. We just have to not die to this turret
I think that was probably on a fraction
Whoo
Okay
I guess I'll go check one other area in there and then I'll probably leave or die
Oh dogs
Dogs make them want to kill me
By leaving
This is actually just a dead end. Okay. I'll just leave
They're trying to leave
Trying to sabotage us at the moment
The dog was my bad
Dude, I got masked as soon as I opened the door to live. All right. Yeah, that was me
You know, I was like, oh, this mask doesn't work. Let me keep doing this
Oh, this guy doesn't work. Wow, this thing is looking out for me. Guys, look, it's just a cool mask
It's just a cool mask
Or I'm immune. You know what? It flashed for a second. I was like, was that a mask? And then it was already grabbing me
Fiona
Why would you let mask out?
She thought she was immune
To be fair, I I thought I was immune because I put it on for the first time and it didn't work
Oh, could I use that spray thing?
Interesting
I don't know how you're going to do 12 hours of this. This is
I've already been going for six and a half
We've already done like we're like almost at 4 30 like four hours and 30 minutes. I don't know how I'm going to do more of this
I think I might lose my fucking mind
I'm kind of I'm kind of in the zone
Okay, okay, okay, ready?
He's in a flow state
We have one it should be on the ship
Unless nobody returned it. Hello
V type engine
There's nothing this way it's a dead end
Yeah, if you just follow the yellow dots, it'll take you to the exit
Is there a door here? Oh, there's all the yellow freak doors. Oh yellow dots above the door
At end, at end area
Oh my god, there's three v type engines. There's two v type engines here
Three man
One here. Yeah, right one. There's one here and then there's one here
Oh, we're out of spray paint. Thank you me. There's another one there in the corner. Oh, I'll get it
A lot
We could still gain it for real super seducer
Which one has to die? Uh-oh. I didn't dot this
I I failed to die
Okay
I didn't fail to dot
I lived to dot another day
Personally, we're out of paint, but I guess we buy more
Yeah, yep. Look, my dot system worked. Yay. I love your dot system
To do so we can play
Oh, also not my brother. I
I constructed a
Computer on that website you said I just have to buy it
You don't have to see the transfer
Oh my god, the corpses
Holy shit so many of us died
It's just you know
Congratulations. You are the last one alive
The dot system dot systems too effective
Dude we fucking looped the shit out of this world. Oh my god
Oh my god, anyone going out are we going up?
Uh, I mean I think I think we're good. Yeah, it's gonna sell this shit
Sell this shit. You get a lot of stuff
Hot damn
Got this room looks pretty tough though hydration
Well, the room is definitely rough. I'm drinking water. Yay
Water flavored ever clear
Water flavored ever clear. No, it's this is actually water, but I am definitely gonna start drinking
I am
Hell yeah, it's Friday
Rich
This is
Oh my god, there's so much blood
It's not it's just happening today. I'm buying some paint
I like me only item I need the man is dingy. You just want
You're selling
Can we just sell the store?
No, it's probably just in storage. Wait the storage unit's got
Yeah
There you go. Oh, is there stuff in there? Oh, sorry. I dropped my bad. Um
I put a hair dryer up there, but it's trying to
Trying to oh really?
Yeah, it'll be in storage. Maybe it's there, but we just can't see it. I mean you rotate this
Is that everything?
Well, what's this one? I've never
Oh, teleports meet inside
Yeah, randomly with but with no item
Yep
Yeah, it's kind of fun though
Okay, cool. Oh, well, I'm excited. I want to be the first one to get teleported
Inside of the mansion now the mansion would be crazy. Oh, you got the reverse just have spray paint. That's how uh amazon deliveries work. All right
I think so. I'm assuming so. Yeah, just blast a rocket ship
All right, so we're doing
Lastly in chat with that Nelly reference
Well, that's the best kind of okay. I'm starting the ship. Okay ready one two three four go
What did you buy
Oh, okay, that's fine. We have so much money. I could not oh well, okay. No, we don't have enough money to go to like
We have enough money
Oh, yeah, we do
Time to stormy
Let's do dine
Let me see
Oh, no, it's actually all fine. Let's do dine
It was chingy the whole time chain hang low was chingy
Oh, do we not have a ladder anymore?
Uh, no, it's here. What's up here?
With the boom box. Oh, you're right. Oh, I forgot to sell this
Well, it's okay. We'll sell it the next round
All right, I'm gonna try the the dot
Yeah, the dot thing is op
Okay
I just need to get my bearings and then I can avoid that turret. Let's give it a shot
Damn, I lost us the ladder too because I don't think anyone else went that way
Well on the terminal
What a bummer
These guys I found the entrance
I need to just run through the door
The fact that there was also a mine kind of threw me up
I'm gonna go check on
I have one more slot and I'm going back if someone wants to uh
You guys already found all that shit
That didn't sound good
I'm gonna walk around it
Teleported right in front of the turret. I love this game. I'm gonna go pick up food and take a little break
But I'll let them finish this
moon as a painting that floated
Yeah, invisible rick you took over for a sec. Oh, he was rapping
Empanias
I gotta go get some empanias
Dude look at shape shifter
He's carrying on the legacy of dots
Although his dot system is slightly different than my dot system
Oh, no
This system is just to put a dot on every door. Oh, that's a less effective system
It looks like he might be going through doors and then dotting the way out
Okay, wait, maybe he's not doing that
He can't put the dot on both sides. All right. Look at that. That's a thing
That's the duty of the person who gets haunted
Who is someone to stand by the door and just look at all these corpses
I really don't like the storage unit in front of everything. I don't know what it's called
And there's mines over here
Do you know the way out?
Nope, but I am marking on both sides every doorway that I go through
So if you see red paint, there should be a way if he switches it to one side
He can walk right out of here. It's just one side too many
Honestly, this would still problem
We didn't even tell you
Yeah, help him oh feels going don't get the shoes where you get teleported to
They pushed her out dude hollow odi rocking the bm lethal company
Bowel
Will hollow be punished for pushing Fiona out of contention
When it snaps your neck
Oh shapeshifter you were you doing the dots?
If you just do one side pointing towards the way out then you can just walk right out
But you're on the other side of the door when you're going back
Yeah, so you walk through a door look behind you and put a spray, you know
On the door that you just walked
Hmm, I don't think I can convince you but I swear what I'm saying is the truth
Oh do you go for it?
Oh, it's too late. He got letting it so close. Oh my god
Oh, look, let me clarify not every door just the doors I passed
That way
It's just the dot that you put on the door as you're entering it throws you off on the way out
So you really just want to do one side
You know the door you just walk through that way you just straight shot back following the dots
Yeah, no, I'm realizing that makes way more sense
That makes way more sense
Damn hollow odi is a commando today. Uh-oh. Is it over?
Is it over? This is how they uh smuggled paintings
Look at a way
Exactly. This is what monuments men was about now. You don't have to see monuments
A period
Hurry up. Hurry up. Hurry up. Oh, oh
Go for it. No
That's so much shit. That's so much shit on me
Wait, are you dead? Because you're still being bunched. Why would you go back out immediately?
His stuff is right there
Yeah, wait
Okay, if they take off you can just grab this stuff
Is this still right there? Try turning off the light. I do feel like I'm so fucking nervous while I go out of there at the first place
That's crazy that you got out. Oh, he's right there. He's waiting. I'm gonna raid field. Uh, so I have to go get this food
Oh my god. Okay
Dude
Go go go
There's another. Okay, you got it. Oh, they're not taking off. Oh my god, beautiful
All right, y'all you're probably already also watching Fiona, but I'm sending you her way anyway
I think I'll be back on later
I just need to
And take a little break, but I think Kendall and I both want to play so I think we'll come on a little later
That probably helps, right?
I saw it. I was I thought I was locked in a
In a room with no key. You should watch you get multi angles on the X
Damn we fucking kind of killed that
That's power fee I'm gonna take a break to get some food and stuff
Okay, that's fair because I might do the thing. Wait, what time is it right now? It's like almost seven quarter to seven
We take any intermission nine four six minus three hours
Okay, how how much longer until seven?
50 it's 15 till 645
Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna play until seven and then I'm gonna do break. Okay. I'll obviously be back
Yeah, I'll text you in like a little over an hour probably and see how you're doing. Yeah. Yeah, no problem
Later by everybody waiting for you. See you soon. So yeah, I didn't realize this is 12 hours. You're gonna have breaks
Oh, I'm taking up like a dinner break. I need a
She's taking a health break. Okay. Bye