Look at this guy streams streams never changes war never changes. You're gonna knock him dead at the veterans hall tonight, hon
you think
Absolutely, now get ready about to change. This is not the face. I'm looking for
Face okay
No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, that's close
One of those one of those was close. Oh, yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Okay
I
Scroll around this guy. How do I put up mouth corners?
That's my handsome guy
How do I look around here? Ah, there we go
Okay, first of all this chin is weak as hell
It might look like a strong chin to me not strong enough. We need a huge fucking chin
Uh bigger
That's as big as we can get it. God damn it. What a pathetic. Oh
There we go. Now. We're sticking it out. That's what I'm maybe not that pointed. Okay, okay, okay
What oh my god? I got to get used to this chin control guys. Sorry. I'm just getting used to the chin control everyone
It's just strange
Pretty good
Except okay, pretty nice. Oh, do you okay?
bigger
bigger wider
stronger wider
So handsome
Dude, he's gonna get don't eat you. We haven't even started. Don't worry. We're gonna get him so frickin handsome. I
Want this chin lower?
Maybe I can make his whole face. I'm looking good. If I do say so myself. I mean you're saying that I
Like select this whole frickin lower face. This is 2014's best character creator. Wait
Yes, okay
Let me change it. Yeah, okay
That's all I can do. I can just okay. Well, that is what I want to do. I do want to make it stick out way more
You want Michael Peterson pushing ladies off the top of that face. Thank you. Yeah, me too
Jay money. You're already on the money. That's what I'm attempting to do
I love that face me too. We're getting there. What we're making a really handsome guy right now
For the next day if you guys so inclined are so you don't have to
Not
You heard it here first
That's a that's a case-approved request the answer is yes
No, he's gonna look great. You think my nose is too big. No
Quite square his chin is not nearly square enough such a cute nose
What is?
Oh now we're talking
That's more of what I'm looking for. Yeah, that's that's better
Crazy I don't think I can even do that
Like
Look, he's a handsome guy and that's he just got accepted. I wish I could get his chin lower is the only thing
Who that's okay. Yeah, that's pretty good. I don't know how to make this. What are you doing?
Oh, oh, that's so low. How'd you do that? You can like pull it. Oh just scrolling. Oh
You can pull it. Oh
Oh
All right new powers unlocked this is exciting
We're trying to make this guy
My assistant my face assistant Kendall's coming in
Now that I know that you can pull on the face. I really feel like our powers have been unlocked
That's the face I fell in love with
It is
It's supposed to like
Yeah, not jowling it's controlling the jowls
Bad
And you change his voice to have the accent I'm gonna attempt to but I don't think I can oh
Very strapping. Can we make it pointy? What do you think on roguishly handsome or handsomly roguish?
Yeah
If we change the hair at least we should make it as his forehead as tall as possible
You've such strong cheekbones the hair we want to we want to limit the hair
Right now this is getting kind of triple H
Make it genus size. That's the hope
We might run out of pixels
You might run out of Gina pixels
Hello, handsome. You could try to make the other person Kendall. Yeah, so though happening. What do you want for?
What?
No, no, no, they're saying make the other person Kendall. Oh my god. I could have made it Peter. Yeah
Looked when they met she's got nothing to complain about
What do you think huh?
roguishly handsome or handsomly roguish?
Yeah, he's got nice little light. He's got beautiful little eyes your eyes
That's the reason I said yes when you asked me out. Oh, wow. She's gas and shut up a little mini Kendall
Not bad
That's already closer. Yeah, we want them closer together than that
Yes
I'll let you know what this lady is saying. She keeps complimenting. How could how could you look Kendall?
How good of a job you're doing?
As our God creator wait higher. I think might be closer
Well, whatever you just when you drag that up it for some reason. Yep
Yeah, that seems kind of right to me
Yeah, can we change the hair and we need you had a beard you have those lips. I think higher
Yeah
Hello handsome, that looks so good. This is looking so good
We thicken up that neck
Oh, no, no, no, we want it. We want it low. You have such a strong chin. He really does
What I mean, how can you deny this level of masculinity? I clean up pretty nice
Yeah, he's wait. He's pretty square. He's getting pointy though, which I like
Which I'm a fan of
You Jay Leno could not handle this chin off at all
This chin is like a is like a 40 pound weight. This chin's like a kettlebell on your chin. I clean up pretty nice
His nose is smaller, but it's hard to make small noses in this game
I
Just like
Overall shrunk it like this shape is fine, but if it could be smaller
Looking good. That's fine
It's honestly
Honestly, this hair is kind of good
That seems kind of close honestly the professor. I mean shut isn't oh wait. Maybe this is it
We want it nice and dark back in the day, it could have been blonde
Did I mention how much I love that new haircut? It's really good
Just need a full-on beard here
Although these are a preview of possible Chet looks that I do like
What do you think on?
Beard or no beard. He actually looks more normal with this hair weirdly
Somehow he's looking slightly more normal
I
Got it. I got it. I got it. I also need some is the day we met coach you chat would slay. Yeah
I think those eyes could be even closer together and much smaller
scale is W and E
We're sorry S and W. Yeah, yeah a little bigger than that little
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's much closer tell you that's it. Yeah
No, no, no, I think you nailed it. I think you're absolutely
He's looking so good
I wonder if there's any if there's any dumber hair
Who oh, that's kind of good. Yeah dapper is not exactly what
Absolutely more chat like he is a man of sky and so that's true
eyebrows
Yeah, we can make his eyebrows smaller
So big. Yeah, this is thin
Yellow is probably good too. Maybe we can change their scale or something. Oh, you're right. That's crazy
Why are they so arched?
This is a good time to mention that we're sponsored by heart audio cables
If you want to be an uber man like this guy
Go to heart audio cables calm for all your audio needs
Hello, handsome. Yep. Yeah, this is pretty solid and this is the most we can take it. Okay. No, we can take it
Right, it's just such a shame that you can't uh, oh
Absolutely. Oh, I just I read I read it a little triangle like scaling down his forehead
Swear maybe if we take his chin out even more
What do you think huh roguishly handsome or
Oh, I believe you baby different about you. Sorry
Hello, handsome. All right. I feel pretty solid about this
Just chat
Does it base the kid off of your character design because that would be fantastic
I was looking if it doesn't we got to try to make a candle. Oh, yeah, you should be more pale than this
Yeah, he's pale chat
Okay
Sculpt right they hit escape is gonna do something crazy
Goodbye, you know, thank you so much Kendall. Obviously we needed that pretty nice
We want
Think rough faces. Oh, okay. Tell what that's doing. That seems fine. It's all fine. Oh
Oh
It does vary. Okay, then we got to do Kendall. Do you want to do make a lady?
Kendall wants to make a lady to in that case
Well, the kid the kid's appearance apparently varies based on how we make these two
Well, first we got to make first we got to make chat
fully muscular and
large
This is a football player. So
Yeah, yeah, that seems chat like
That's true. I was I was playing this on PlayStation. I was like, well, I guess I could stream it
All right, you want to try to
My turn big guy should we make her also look like jet?
Or should we make her look like Kendall?
Yeah, what do you think?
Oh, you want to set Kendall's gonna take over the seat
Kendral just can't can you show me what Kendral looks like again?
I need to know what Kendral looks like. That's not Kendral. No
Kendral's like the fabulous which one's Kendral isn't Kendral. Oh wait, just kidding. They want chattel chattel
Okay, so they want chat they want chat they want chat
We just should we make her Asian I don't know the most of most Asian
Okay, everyone will you guys tell me which number looks the most Asian? Thanks. Well, you keep track and tell me which one
This one's the one we usually picked
Number
13
The first one we found this one 11 with 11
Shut the fuck up whoever said 11
Okay
He's just called me gorgeous
Sweetie you look as beautiful as the day we met. This is not going well damn. She's not bad
Not bad not not bad at all. Yeah
She just looks oh, that's the most it could go out look lovely. That's skilled back then
You think she's allowed to have them feared. Oh shoot. God damn
Sean has your smile, you know
He's just that move
Sweetie you like my nose, right? All right. Looking good
It's looking pretty good, right?
We're trying to make them like she smiles. It's like an ugly guy. That's ugly
Such a cute nose
It's such a cute nose, isn't it?
No, yeah, what do you know that works?
Wait, what do we need push them push the eyes more?
That's the most
Also, I think I'm sinking them in a little bit too much
Such pretty eyes
Such pretty eyes
Scary bro elegant I guess elegant. Are we thinking elegant friends?
New hairstyle we make her have red hair
Okay
She looks insane, bro. What else does she need?
What does she need bigger lips?
Yeah, I like doing it. All right
Does it feel like it needs anything else closer? That's the closest these all right smaller eyes right smaller smaller smaller
And then that's the closest it could go
You do know you've got the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen holy shit. She looks insane
All right, that's our
Chad doll
Adele
And oh
And a little gentle up
Oh, I can do the body and I don't mind if I do
Yeah, I'll handle the body
All right
It's a strong family this family is strong as hell
All right, just
Let me just slide in there. We've done good work today
We've already done good work today
But on what filter
You want for you for them
All right
Here wait, I'll cut to my proprietary feed of of this person. Well, they look the same I
Have a slightly more HD feed than the the big screen one. It's like condensed. So it looks a little more photorealistic
Let's see how the girl looks real quick
Okay, I'm ready you do it you do it. Oh, yeah, yeah just another minute. I swear
I
Looks great
credible
Incredible good. They look well. I don't think we're gonna see that's a way later in the game. Unfortunately
Cradle oh
Oh, why don't it affects the baby then that's incredible. Did you mean that baby or you guys mean like the adult?
I
Think the adult is influenced by how they look
Yeah, that's a proprietary upscaling technology. I gotta go check on my son
What honey what it'll get there. He's just he's gestating the Chetness is currently gestating
Look at my beautiful boy. I can't wait to raise him myself
Chandle I love you and we've made a beautiful son
Great hey, I'll try to make this a little less jerky for all of you
I've played a little of it on PlayStation 5 and then I got it on here to play it on stream for the hell of it
I'm I have a build planned. I have some ideas for Chet here. Good morning to you robot
Just how I like it. Thank you very much
Thanks, guys. Thanks guys. That's the boss. That's the voice. I used to impress my robot
What else? Hey, I'm looking my fucking fire-ass beautiful wife
Hey, lucky fucking me god damn. I love living in the future 1920s
God damn my baby's fit into poop. That's crazy. My robot will take care of it though. What's that honey?
Yeah, I told you baby
Dude, she is a brick. I'm seeing images of letters in my mind scrolling
She's already on to us. Take it easy little child. Look at the Rockettes
He's gonna tell Chet nukes were invented after into the 1920s. Don't tell him
He's a man of science. We'll get upset. I
Koo-choo-koo-choo-koo little one. I better put on my business voice to talk with this guy
Good morning. Vault tech calling. Good morning. Isn't it?
Just look at that sky out there. Oh check in really clean up his voice when he wants to
You can't begin to know how happy I am to finally speak with you. I've been trying for days
It's a matter of utmost urgency. I assure you
Okay
Great, then I'm glad you caught up with me
Oh, me too. You have no idea. This guy seems aboveboard now
I know you're a busy fellow, so I won't take up much of your time
time being a
Precious commodity
I'm here today to tell you that because of your family service to our country
You have been pre-selected for entrance into the local vault. That's great news vault
111
Yeah, good sounds great. Oh it is believe you me now you're already cleared for entrance
I see no problem with this scene event of
As fault-overs here get in there
What I just need to verify some information. That's all sure. Let's do it splendid
Now let's see
What's our deal I'll tell you what our deal is
Our name is Chet
man
escaping the nuke it's a it it's um
I think it's a belgian name
And uh, obviously what we're gonna want let me just um, sorry, let me really quick consult my vault handbook here
See what specifically I want
Um
Oh great great great great
Look Chet's really strong. I don't think anybody would deny that. Um
He's the strongest there is let's face it
He also happens to be
A man of science making him incredibly smart
That doesn't leave us much to work with but we also can't deny that he's exceedingly charismatic
um, and that's why he's going to need at least three of that and um
You know, he played football and he's a little out of shape now, but
He still has a little bit of agility left over
He's obviously he's smart
He's he has 10
He's a 10 out of 10 when it comes to science
Nobody better fucking deny that. I'm smart as hell
I'm seeing weird things in my mind
Like little chats and stuff, but I feel challenged and I just want to inform you all that I'm
I'm a man of science and war
You heard it here first as far as I can tell these are incredibly accurate stats for chet
He knows all the sky is he's extremely strong
He's pretty charismatic
And you know some of that football training is still residing deep inside of him
I'd say that this seems just totally good to go
Wonderful that's everything. Uh, just gonna walk this over to the vault. Congratulations on being prepared for the future
um
Thanks again. Hey, it's peace of mind
That shit was kind of dumb or whatever for you and shawn. No price is too high
Good answer
He doesn't need to see and he doesn't need luck
We can't eat the baby
Okay, I'm already played with this guy
This kid is freaking out. It's so strong. It would not know it wants to escape the crib
God damn take her in
Jesus Christ. I married a jewel
Yeah, this kind of shit gets me going to rocket spinning that shit's cool
That shit's cool as hell
Let's be sweet to her together my love. Listen after breakfast, I was thinking we could head to the park for a bit
weather should
Yeah, sounds like fun
Codsworth, what's wrong?
Yo, what's this robot on about I was about to make love to my beautiful wife the mood was there
What?
Explosions
Is there fireworks seem to have lost contact with our affiliate stations do have we do have coming in that's um
Confirmed reports. I repeat confirmed reports of nuclear detonations. You're gonna go to the park
Pennsylvania
My god
dude
That's so bad timing. We need to get to the ball now
I'll use my commanding voice for her
All right, honey. Keep up. You carry the baby. I'll take care of sprinting
Football training payoff, please. Oh shit this way
Dude probably nothing's gonna happen. Don't even stress. Oh shit. I'm getting lost
No, you're fucking in shape, baby. You're so fucking fast
She's trying to fucking beat me at sprinting and I don't appreciate that
It's
Get in I'm going in
We need to get in we're on the list
infant
adult male
Adult female. I think you can fail this section. Okay. Go ahead. Thank you
Yeah, I'm kind of a big deal in this neighborhood. So maybe let my ass
Let my people through
Keep up, honey
I run the 440 and 440
That's real fast
Yo, we're probably fine though. Don't even stress. I bet nothing's gonna fucking happen almost there. We're gonna be okay
I love you both of you. We love you too. What the fuck?
Maybe it's just a factory that had an accident. Hold on
Okay, that does oh shoot
Wow, that's a narrow miss the narrowest of misses
We did it everyone. Please step off the elevator and proceed up the stairs and order the fashion
No need to worry folks
We'll get everyone situated in your new home. Oh sick 111
A better future underground. So we just yes off the stairs. I can't believe it. Yeah, that guy has a funny accent
later
Wait a minute. This kind of sucks down here. What the hell?
Excuse me, when do I get one of these six?
Give me that
Thanks, honey remain calm everything will be fine. He'll show you where to go. All right, you three
It's down the hallway right there. Hey there get the fucking stepping, dude
I got fault shit to do now. Oh, you're gonna love
A better is one of our most advanced facilities. Yeah, not that the others aren't great mind you sick our home
Everything we had
Everybody's freaking out honey. Keep up. Keep the hell up. We got shit to do
Oh, we'll be going over all that in orientation. Just a few medical items everyone else
Everybody's fucking freaking out. Oh sick. Look at this. This is like a
Standing up bed. Can I get one of these please?
I'm my back hurts. I want to get in one of these stand-up beds. Excuse me. I saw these on the news
Just this way, please. All right sick can do
I feel cold as shit though. What the hell? Why is it so cold in here? Oh, shit. It's kind of cold
Why that's kind of called honey relax in the upside down bed
Before we head deeper in the ball just relax
That's got this under control time for a whole new life. That's his internal accent
He's he's trained his voice to sound like a norwoodian when he needs to
What the hell
Whoa, that's going out pretty hard. Excuse me chat. You all right
What the fuck
Oh, this man actually sucks. What the fuck?
Hey, babe. Yo, babe
What the fuck?
He is a chesticle
Chet sickle
Oh good. She's fine
What the fuck get back
Get the hell back here. What have you done to my wife? Oh, no, not my wife
Yeah, and that sucks for chat
That shit sucks for chat
What the fuck happened
Check out covid I did not get covid yo
Dude, she's fucking fine. Come on. There has to be a release
Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh god
A bullet wouldn't stop you babe
All right, she seems fine
I'll find who did this
And I'll get shown back promise
I do stills. I submit that she's probably fine
Hmm
coolest wife ever. Yeah, thanks, mr. Whoopee boo boo wait. Why am I seeing these names in my head?
Excuse me. What the hell is going on?
Um customer service, please
Something went slightly wrong with the process. My wife needs instant bullet removal and uh
Exhuming from the dead, please. Oh, you didn't say that you said zombie wife
Chet, I'm seeing the wrong names in my head
What the fuck
Yeah, give me everything take I'll take whatever let me through what the shit
Okay
But what the look like an extra view of myself
How do I get oh, there we go
Chat relax, buddy. Ooh a baton. That's exciting. Let me fix one thing real quick
Allow me to fix one thing quick because I love to fart around
Eh
One second
One goddamn second, please
Let me to grimes out. I need to grimes for a second not working. Oh well, um back in we go
Like we never left let's get to fucking Boston
alias
What I gotta do what now? Excuse me. What's going on here?
Don't worry. I'm I had extremely hot intelligence. I can handle this computer easily
Security instructions confidential notice fault 11 is designed to what 11 design is to spend animation. What?
Under no circumstances are staff allowed to deviate from design
Okay, I can read that fine
Hmm operations protocol manual. Okay. What do we do here? What's our
mandatory shelter period classified as a short-term assignment non-resident personnel are expected to carry out research
absence of an all clear message. Okay, he's getting fucking boring. I don't care
Um, I don't care that much like hit me with the cliff notes, please. That's um
staff duties
I'm a man of science. What am I supposed to do?
Members of research team must daily monitor the vital signs of the cryogenically preserved residents. What the fuck are they up down here?
Excuse me
cardio
Monary and cognitive activity in particular must be recorded hourly
Life-saving intervention is only permitted if greater than 80% of the resident population is parish while cryogenically suspended
What I don't even I take it but I don't even want to look at this computer. Whatever's going on down here is around
He's on to something. He's he's already figuring it out
Can't let him know too many these as his vaults overseas are interdimensional
I need to not let him figure out too much stuff
Dude, there was so much. What the frick?
Hey
Um, calm down
Oh, I tactically ascertain that the that the plug needed to die roaches
What the hell?
Sometimes I talk to myself in my smart voice
When I'm worried
Excuse me. Who's around? Hello
Yo, fuck beer. Just kidding. I love beer. Give me that. Give me that
Give me all that shit. Dude. There's still some beers in these
I'll take whatever man
What's going on? I'm at this terminal
Yeah, I'm trying to be a fallout man for well forever
Overseer memo
Remember the easy recreation terminal is a privilege if work performance declines this privilege may be revoked wait recreation play tape
What's going on? What the shit? Oh sick a fun game
Wait a minute. It's kind of rules
Oh shit. They got my wife up there. I need to save her
Okay, this is the easiest shit
Can't lose. Nice. All right. Fuck your barrels. What the all right that game sucks
Never mind that game's fucking black. That's for fucking kids. I don't need to play that shit
Oh sick Skynes is going on
Should I go down there and absorb the Skynes that's happening?
Hmm
My expertise is telling me that that could kill me. Yo get wrecked
Excuse me bug. This is my place. Oh, what the shit this guy fully skeleton
What happened here? Where is everyone?
Dude something like
I think that they didn't hire janitors
Because this place is not holding up well like stuff's rusty. There's some really big bugs
Excuse me
These bugs won't won't
They don't want to hear my reasonable
Arguments that they should chill. Oh sick glasses
Yo, excuse me, sir. Tell me what's go. Oh, wait. He's a skeleton
All right overseers terminal
Okay, it's not mine at least
I'm in a different dimension. Don't worry about it
Oh, shit. He shouldn't be reading it
All 111 is designed to test the long-term effects if she's spending into my son or an unaware human subjects
Thank god. I'm so self-aware or they would have been testing on me
Your staff will be on short-term assignment to monitor basic cardia pulmonary and cognitive fudges. I guess we already knew this
I think I literally already read that
overseers lag
supplies running low
Staff orientation complete. All right boring
What supplies you losing? There's been no all clear signals yet
Even though we're nearing the end of the hundred at 80 day mandatory shelter. It's been 180 days
Fuck that. All right
Uteni now we're talking affectionate by the security personnel turned on me demanding they be allowed to leave the vault
Idiots, I will not open the door to be
irradiated to death out there
I'm consolidating the remaining supplies putting the staff on lockdown
I will not be contained
I also can't be tamed
All right
Opening the oh good. There's a tunnel
Okay, easy. I'm fucking out of here
Yo, we od 5000 which is a product that is sold in this reality
um
Anything else sick for me to get?
They got dressers. There ain't no no dressing in them. I don't even sell a dress. Oh shit bullets
I'll look fucking good. Let me go
I look fucking good. Oh my god. My wife just died
I was looking so good. I wanted to say honey. Look at how good I look and then I remember that she's
straight up dead as fuck
Um
Oh, what the hell give me this
Coming back later for you
Oh, shit more bullets. All right
Pryl later does sound crazy and I do in fact want that. Yo bug. Who do you think you is?
I you what you is is is done for wait. How do I switch back to mine?
I don't want to waste bullets on these little guys. I just want to whack them
How do I switch? How do I switch?
I guess I can't oh well whatever
Get shot bugs
It seems like excessive force
What's this shit? I feel like I'm learning as I do this. That's hard to reload gun
I don't know how to switch to my stick
Like I can't there's no menuing in my brain. I can't open a menu in my brain
Excuse me bug. You're not sneaking up on me
Got oh, I mean. Yeah, then I got him though
Roach meat. All right, I'll eat whatever. I'm not gonna be a picky eater
I was caught not to waste food
What's that? How am I missing?
How am I even missing those shots? He was like
As close as he could be
Oh a p.i.p. Boy add an m to that and that's my kind of shit
Give me this
Yo
From the heavens. I feel an energy archangel. Thank you so much for the 15 months
Do appreciate it
All right now we can switch guns, right?
No holotape files. Yeah, this guy looks oh what the hell
That's kind of sick
Select a tab with mouse
Have to exit the pit boy. Okay. Oh, I see how this works now
Eyeglass is can I wear two wedding rings? I can only wear one. I was gonna put on hers to remember her
Chandler I miss you
Out of time great radia inventory
Weapons that's what I give me the security betton. How do I set this as a favorite?
Favorite it's on as three. All right. I get it now
I understand where I went wrong. I could have just hit three the whole time
I'm kind of a physical man
I'm a physical man of science. So I kind of just want to bleep the hell out of people
If they mess with me because I'm I'm in a pretty bad mood after the day I've had
Let me tell you that
What's up?
Oh my god
It might not be safe up there
But because that probably took at least a couple hours
But I'm out of here dude after the way they've treated me
I don't even care if I'll get a little irradiated that that was so rude
They put me in a shitty bed that was cold and they killed my wife
Like no, thank you. I'm outy
I think that's fair actually
Yeah, it's like one in three switches your guns
Or I mean with the new that you can set them to numbers
You know like any normal shooter
Despite chat chat's 10 intelligence. You and I couldn't figure that out even with our combined brainpower
He should speak to us. Oh wait. I'm a supervisor
Actually, there's no supervisors in for chat to talk to
Dude, I will absolutely be letting I will be making a customer service call and writing a letter about this
Oh, no, I'm good to go
They did kill his wife right in front of him and that was my least favorite
They killed my wife straight up in front of me
and that was just like
customer service used to mean something and
There's just none of it anymore. It sucks
Oh, the shit's so bright as a hell
Oh
Damn it's very bright
What the oh
It looks fine
I mean the trees are a little leafless, but I think it might be
No, it was
There were there were leaves when I went in. Hmm. I guess it's been at least a couple months
And the houses look good. I mean they look fine. Everything, you know
Everybody's freaking out about nukes. It feels fine up here
The weather's not that bad
Oh, what happened to this guy though
Okay, well he didn't handle the radiation as well as I seem to be
Oh, shit more wrenches. Oh shit a folder. Dude, there's some good stuff up here
Oh, shit a traffic cone. I guess I don't need that. Oh, okay an alarm clock. Yeah
I'm probably gonna have meetings. I need to get to about the state of the world
It looks a little fuck. Oh shit construction equipment's still good to go. That seems fine
she looked genome
Gena traumatize herself by making herself in the game
Well, Chet's holding up like a real trooper. Well, this is a different this is interdimensional chat
I located the signal of a chat in a different dimension to a desk fan. That's exciting
Dude, my pockets are pretty full. I got like a lot of stuff in there right now
Hmm
Somebody didn't park their car very well
Press ale
Shit, do you hear this boss and look safer than the real thing? Well, thank you voice in my head
That's comforting because I'm scared of downtown boston. It's like I'll it can be a little dangerous
I know that I'm probably supposed to go on the path, but
Kind of feel like a little bit of a bad boy
Oh, some free flowers. What the hell I'm fully stuck. Okay. No, I'm not. What's going on over here
Excuse me
Yes, me
Oh, shit more flowers as a man of science. It's important that I pick the
There's a lot of free tires out here. I've considered I consider playing new vegas, but uh, I only had a bobby pin
Thought this might be
Slightly easier to watch as I somewhat know what I'm doing in it
It's barely
I think people's favorite tends to be new vegas. Yo, what the fuck is going on out here?
Oops wrong button wrong button. There we go. Where's my guns at?
Yeah
Use the mouse wheel. No, I want to pull it. I want to pull up my fucking. Ah, there we go
So, oh, that's not a tent. Oh wait, is it a tent?
Oh sick more stuff to pick up
Excuse me looking for shit
Excuse me. Oh good people. Oh, what the fuck?
Get wrecked
Excuse me. Oh dog. Oh, I feel a little guilty about this as an animal lover
Oh, damn. I just kind of vaporize that dog. Hey, stop shooting. I will be forced to murder you back
All right, I'm getting a little messed up here and it does not feel great. I have been shot several times
Uh-oh, it's not holding up well
But who knows what kind of stuff they have
We have any heel. Oh, we do have healing items. All right. Gotta get used to this
A herald aid is what we want
Um
Just get a little radiation going in you. Yeah
And that stuff tasted like hot in a way that I'm not familiar with it made my stomach feel like it was boiling
That's sort of a fun flavor ballot. Uh, yo, what's your problem?
Where the hell even are they? Oh, they're right there. I'm getting pretty shot up
Let me eat some more of this roach meat. I'm getting a little addicted. It's kind of good
I'll eat some of these flowers. Oh, man, my stomach feels fucking weird. All right. What's your problem, sir? Sir
Dude, my health is very low. All right, I'll jam one of these in myself. Oh, that felt good. All right one down
Oh
Damn it. Now I have to hack into another dimension where he didn't die
All right. Well, unfortunately, that's really easy to do actually
Oh man, my wife
Dude, I just had a nasty dream that I'd just done all this
I'm good to go. What the fuck
Dude
It's darkest hell up there. I don't see anything
Yeah, that
That's a good point. The dog is now once I get alive
All right, we're just we'll go to the town this time. Let's go to the town
up your endurance
probably
But don't worry too much chets really strong
And he's smart enough to figure his way out of this situation
Oh, we didn't even grab that last time
This chat's doing even better and this this chat of the multiverse
He's gonna figure it all out
Hmm. I guess I'll go to the town
Oh, I'm tempted to wander into those woods. Yeah, I guess I'll go to the town
Boy running sucks. I get out of breath fast
I think they're putting me in that cold chair fucked up my lungs
And that's a bummer because I'm in really good shape
Hmm. Oh shit some flowers. I do want those
Oh, the woods are calling to me. All right, fine. I'll go to the I'll go this way
What the shit?
I already get turned around I'm going straight up the wrong way
Yes, I am
How did I manage to forget where my own goddamn house is?
I guess I can't be blamed. I was in a really cold chair
Good point. He wasn't a very cold chair
The woods are calling the chat
We need to look for the original fence that he went through
That og fence. Okay, this seems right. This is the right way
The other way was the opposite way. That was the problem we were running into
That was our only mistake. Whoa
Oh, let's you see which guns you have. Okay, we're learning the controls
Oh, gee fence. I'm pretty good at wrapping anything this way. Nope
All right, yo, what the hell everybody's remodeled all their houses
How'd they do that so quickly? I don't really love the new designs in a lot of cases. Hello anybody home
Oh some bugs are home
Goddamn it
Sort of a pro at killing those though. So it doesn't it hardly even matters. Honestly. Oh shit more stuff
Yeah, give me that
Dude, I swear I was gonna start an HOA soon. It's just like a new up-and-coming neighborhood. Well, it was
Well, everybody let their fucking lawns go to hell. Honestly
Dude, this is so disappointing
That people would not respect their homes enough to keep them in shit. Wait a minute. This is my who did this to my hey
Dude cod worse. What the fuck? I'll talk to him real respectfully to try to win him over
Yeah, what happened to the world? Uh-huh. I think that should kind of cut him off a little bit. Keep it moving
They came into the vault. Maybe you saw them armed wearing
Been a whole fucking week
They did they killed a boy got him a bowler hat very simple see what we can
Shut up with
Sean's been kidnapped. We got it. It's worse than I thought
Interdimensional skip through some of this dialogue
200 years
Are you
Goddamnit
This robot's fucking funny. Goddamn it. Oh and got shut
Codsworth you're acting
A little bit weird
Put a gun as most polite boys. How do you polish rust?
Um, yeah, stay with me stay with me pal focus. Oh, no, I don't even like stay with me live with me
Stephen Crowder. It's like a little bit like Stephen Crowder. Actually. Thank you. God's worth
You're welcome. Shall we search the neighborhood together?
Uh
Yeah, let's do it
200 years
That is so far like out of dentist appointment. I was gonna do all sorts of cool Halloween stuff
I was gonna go to the park
Who even knows where the park is now it's been 200 years. Oh shit more bugs. All right. Let me feel better. Yo bug
You made a mistake
Coming into this. This is my neighbor's house. Oh shit bubblegum. Oh hell yeah a toaster
Yo, dude, there's some good stuff in here
What that's sick. Follow me. I will dude. Oh shit. Oh, why the hell
Basket dude, there's some good stuff in here. You think it's chill if I take everybody's shit because they're dead because it's been 200 years codsworth
Codsworth
yo Codsworth
Codsworth, do you think it's chill if I take everybody's shit because it's been 200 years
What the hell bugs? Oh, they're oh they're in here
Yo bugs, uh, you think the wrong day to be a bug
Ah, what the shit that was coolest bug
Ah, dude, don't shoot me with fire though. Stop shooting me with fire though. I could have handled that man
Where's that last bug isn't there another bug?
Oh a pumpkin. There's molester brothers in the park
Shit, I'll go deal with them. I got a baton. Yo, what's up, dude
Young Sean
His son's a rapper. Thanks for trying Codsworth
Thanks for your help Codsworth
He handled that official conversation efficiently. I think what's important right now
Is that I take everything in everybody's houses? They're not deconstruct all the houses
And
Then I build a bunch of shelves
What I think I should build like a thousand shelves. I wonder why he's thinking that
I need to collect wood to build a thousand shelves
Hmm
Ooh sick multi fruits
Don't mind if I do. Oh hell. Yes. What's going on here a little bit of a root cellar
Let's get to the root of the issue
Ha ha ha. God damn it. My wife is so dead
Keep reminding myself by saying awesome stuff that I want her to hear
Uh, don't mind if I do take all of this
The hell there's a guy on the radio
Give me all oh sick money. There's so much money down here. I'm rich again
Yo shut up, dude. Oh sugar mums. Oh shit beers. We're only a couple hundred years old
King oh golden bars
Yo, somebody was fucking balling for real. How do I crouch?
How do I crouch? Oh shit at golden bars right here, dude
No bobby pins
Oh bobby pins. What out of bobby pins. Oh, I'm out of bobby pins
Sorry, I said it out loud. It took a minute from my brain to catch up with it. Oh control
I'm accidentally drip feeding the interdimensional feet of your chats into chat's head. It's really messing with his mental stability
Man, I feel like I had the voices of thousands and or dozens of people in my head
Probably dozens. I want to say thousands, but probably maybe like around 10
Got the power of 10 voices in his head
All right control. Oh, shit now. I'm crouching. I'm crouching like hell
My knees is pretty bad from all that football. Oh that hurts. I heard stood up. All right, let's go
Let us fucking loot. Yo, what's going on in here? What's good? Give me that give me that
Yo, give me that for sure
Um, give me this yes, please
Yo, what else
Nothing bring this on I can't it sucks
Oh shit more stuff here
bottle cap stash
Some fucking baby live here that collects bottle caps. All right, whatever. I'll take them
um
Oh shit a knit cap
I bet I'd look good as hell in that. Let me put let me sit down and put that on
Yeah, I don't even I'll sit up so there you go. Let's see how I look
Uh
Oh, yeah
Oh, damn
Yo
Sometimes you only got one shot one opportunity. Let me get this on real quick. There we go. This is a good look
I'll put one on too. It's cold in here
all right
Damn
I'm thinking about shit right now
My wife
She's fucking dead man
I got a pocket full of bubblegum and like dog trays and stuff
What am I gonna what am I fitting to do with my life?
I'll tell you what I'm fitting to fucking clean up the whole goddamn city
Put this city on my back y'all. All right
Oh shit another radio the ladle. I don't mind if I do see a ladle
um
All right, this house now sucks and has nothing in it. So fuck this place
I hated that guy who lived there. He hit that guy's name was frab, which is a weird name
I would be like you said you mean your name's fred. He'd be like, no my name's frab
I'd be like dude shut up
Nothing in there. Ooh, it's sick ass. Don't have any bobby pins. What the fuck? I need to get something
Who at dirty black suit?
I bet I'd look sick as hell in that
Plastic pumpkin. All right
Oh, I took his yeah, I mean it is it was a bedroom ladle
He was but he was getting out spoon foals in the bedroom. I don't even know what that means
But I mean it to sound dirty
Yo app steve from another dimension. I thank you. I feel you overwhelming me with the support and I love it
The hell's going on in here
Yeah, that's too plugged in
Man, I kind of look like Trenton this house. This is weird
You know, I'm gonna take this shit off
I don't even like this gray. Oh it increases my luck actually. I'll keep it
on
This hat makes me feel lucky as hell. Lucky, you know, I should count my blessings
Oh, mr. Handy fuel a wash or an eight ball. There's so much good stuff in these houses
They said the nuclear apocalypse would take everything and yet I found an eight ball a dress a hat a toy car and a baby rattle
Oh, wait a minute
This is my son's room
Damn, I'm fitting to tear up looking at this. Does this thing even still move?
Dude it the fucking they fucked up the rockets even
Where are my little man's oh shit his ear special book. I'm gonna read this
This is making me feel like I've got more endurance than ever
Yeah, I feel stronger. I feel more special
Another wooden block
Oh a blast radius board game
All right. Now I'm in a better mood. I find a fucking
Fun-ass board game feeling slightly more over the most likely death of my son and wife. Hmm. Look how's it going?
Fuck we're interdimensionally controlling chat
Um through a post-apocalyptic wasteland. All right. What's in this fucking house?
Give me that tin can give me that bottle
Uh, give me fucking everything. I'm taking no prisoners today. I gotta rebuild this whole block by myself
What's in here a red dress
I could wear a dress and
And like nobody can even say shit even though it's the 1920s
Or at least it was
By 1920s. I mean like 2170
I'm kind of losing track of which houses. I've even been in I guess I've been in this one
This neighborhood's gotten confusing as hell now that it's been nuked into non-existence
Hmm
I start over here
Dude, I feel that sinister dev
I kind of wish I was in another dimension too because in this one
My whole family got killed and the world got destroyed by a nuke, but I bet yours is pretty bad too
So I get that man. Oh shit a terminal
Do some science right here
Choosing a password that is incorrect if you choose if select a potential password
If you're chosen password is incorrect the number of letters that match the terminal's password
Will be displayed on screen both letters both letter in position. All right
Draw
likeness one got a d and r and a or a w in it
So we want something with that shit. This has an r in it in the same place
Okay, we know that it's an r most likely
What else has a fucking r in it this has another letter in common
Oh, wait, no, it's got to be the r right
I'm using every ounce of my incredibly powerful science brain
And oh free it's got to be free and that's fucking and that's life, baby
Freedom
Yeah, what happened here?
Whoa deep apito
The hell this is a bunch of boring shit about people that aren't me
going on here
Before wearing hat nut job. All right, whatever
Rosa
They'll try to get her some bluff out
Okay, whatever
Want to go to a dimension where tesla got the credit he deserved and it isn't got exposed for the fraud
He was want to go to the mention where we never had dark ages and thus a thousand years more advanced than we are now
That sounds like a pretty good one
They still owe me for that last excel delivery
It why is he even reading this stuff?
Why is chet even reading this stuff? All right, this is too much. This is information overload
I don't know any of these people
Why are we supposed to care?
An underwear model from brain tree wait now i'm listening
Beautiful intelligent totally weird all she's ever wanted is stimpaks 10 plus per week my imagination continues to run wild
Damn i'm a widow wearing my wife's dead and how soon is too soon
But a underwear model from brain tree face
He's getting over his wife pretty quickly. I gotta say
I'm gonna take off this hat
Take it
No bobby pins we need some goddamn bobby pins
All right, there's so much stuff
Oh another gun. All right
A skull
That just picked up a skull
Damn somebody I mean it'd be disrespectful to leave the skull
Yo, I just heard a bug. Yeah, stay scared whatever bug
Oh, what the fuck
Yo, I ain't about that life
I'll take your meat. What's going on in here was already in here. Oh tv dinner tray. I guess I wasn't
That's not missed that shit nothing
Big fat loaded nothing
Nothing
A radio, okay, I guess I wasn't here. Shit. All right. This is the start of the term. I've been in that house
That house is fucked. Hey
Yo, that's that's so rude man. Chill. Give me your meat
Bathroom mirrors have bobby pins. What the hell? I didn't even check the bathroom here. Yo, give me one
Oh, I see the issue. There's no mirror here
All right, keep looking. Is this my house? I'm so turned around
Oh screwdriver
A cabinet
So far honestly, this world's fun. You just walk around you pick stuff up you take bug meat
You check for bobby pins and coffee mugs everywhere you take oil cans
I gotta unlock that
Yo, give me already took it
Uh, there's no mirror here either
Once I got some bobby pins. I'm about to show these suitcases. Who's the boss?
The future is dirty as hell chris. That's a great point
And I'm gonna fix it
Oh caps a cap stash
Why are people stashing all these fucking baby caps?
Nothing nothing turn on the radio, please
Dude, nobody has mirrors in this world. All right, that's how it sucks. Sorry. Sorry that your house sucks
Yo, cod's worth. Give me fucking bobby pins man. This place sucks. Whoa grog neck the barbarian
Critical hits with unarmed and melee attacks permanently do 5% damage. Um, don't mind if I do
Oh, I remember putting that stout in there. I was like, I'm gonna keep my stout in this little side table
So it's nice and warm for some day
And today is that someday
Oh, that's what I'm talking about bobby pins, baby. We're back. I'm thinking we're back. What the hell is that a newspaper?
Who was wiping their ass with news? I swear to god. I had toilet paper
All right, I was already in here, but I missed those bobby pins. So I'm glad I came back in
Cod's worth you did a bad job keeping this place clean, man
I hate to be cruel, but you did a pretty bad job. I couldn't even see my rippling tits in those mirrors
Because all these mirrors suck. Oh, what the hell? I'm stuck in this car. I thought that was a dead body
But it was just a grim reminder of the dark future we exist in
All right reclamation crew here for the bug meets
Go anything in here? No, okay out of my face. Yo rat away, okay
Oh, shit. This is what we've been saving up for
Use the mouse to adjust the bobby pin. I'm in my head. I'm imagining how if I had a mouse I would open this
Use the mouse to adjust the bobby pin. Use the a to turn the screwdriver through
Those are gonna scratch the lock. Okay. Most in an area. Whatever. We got it. We fucking get it
No
We're so close
That's how we don't lose a bobby pin. Oh my god. We're rich
Bluff out. I don't even need that pot pistol. All right. Seems like a shitty pistol
A silver tablespoon. I was born with those in my mouth
All right. Ooh a pumpkin. Oh glass bowl and a circuit board
Dude people eat good stuff in these places
Lockpicking is a fun innocent hobby. It's something I've been doing for years just for the love of the game
Yo, what's up with this house
That's the stuff I get so confused by where I am in this town. We've already done that one
We just did that one. All right, that house is totally fucked. So we go to this house
Where people are leaving their tires out. I mean, what the hell more bobby pins duct tape in a ranch
Eye prider a wephons workbench. Oh good. I used oil came
I gotta pick up all this stuff
Can't believe people just left this stuff sitting around. Yo, oh sick six bobby pins. Dude. I'm rich a cream dress and it's been laundered
Damn, what kind of illegal shit was that dress up to?
All right, everything else here sucks the rest of this house sucks
I want to let me pick up these bricks
Or this lamp there's this good stuff that I I feel like I can't pick up for some reason. All right
Work
What's this thing the workshop allows you to build and just and remove nearby objects move between uh options with the arrow keys
Okay, whatever. Okay, I get it
All right, I don't actually care
I want to put all my stuff away
Store all of my junk
I got some junk in this trunk
I put a lot in there my pockets were full of shit
Like I was carrying
Frankly a wild amount of stuff, right
We keep going
I gotta speed this up
I can feel myself wanting to shoot things. Can I even go in here?
I can't even go in here
Look at all the garbage that could be in there. All right. I'm denied. Oh shit. What's in here? I've already been in here
How have I already been in here
Am I going the wrong way again? We're almost through this
We've almost been through every house
Demolish the house for crafting supplies. That sounds like my kind of shit, dude. I will absolutely do that
Oh an American flag
Obviously, I can't let that touch the ground
Look say what you will about America. Is it an irradiated waste? I'm not sure yet
But it's America. Damn it. And we got it. I'm trying to jump
Dude, I can't jump over this because I gotta walk around
Dude, I'm bad at jumping
I got a lot of mass. It's hard to jump. Who's the impact a chair or a dresser or a radio turn it on, dude
It's a bummer. I can't turn on these TVs. I'm curious what's on. Oh, it's safe
All right, we got to focus up
Oh
Oh
No
I lost one. Yes. I'm just that good. Oh shit even more guns
There's so many guns in this fucking these fucking safes, right? Some of these houses are looking pretty rough
Uh in human rampage
Like and that's not being rude to say like they're they're basically demolished
So like I even I even coming from my neighbors in the same way I was now that I'm recognizing that like
Maybe some of these houses like it's it's beyond their control. Like some of these houses are just
All right, I think we got it all I think we got everything out of these places
And that was the time where we continue to wreck them though in a different way
Because I'm a bit of a of a repo man. I've had a lot of jobs
skintist
soldier father
But also guy who breaks shit is one of my favorite jobs. I've ever had
Um, okay. How do I scrap it?
Oh my god. I have to hit enter every time
Can I fix that? Is there can I just hit r twice? Oh, no
Oh, no these hotkeys suck
Oh, no, there's got to be a better way
Please
Hey do something
It's not supposed to know I'm here. What's happening?
Strolls, um, that's kind of wild that they made it
They made it those hotkeys you have to press that so much
But I think there's nothing for it. Well, that sucks. Oops
He's sitting
Is he doing that?
Oh, we're not even in the menu anymore
Wait, how do you just reopen their way to just what?
Do you really have to go back to the chair?
Or to the workshop?
Okay, whatever
No complaints chat. You just have to learn how to hit the buttons better
Dude, this is a fucking bummer. Why can't I sprint good? Oh, I like can't sprint in this mode either
Why does sprint stop me from moving?
That's crazy. Can I can I not sprint either? All right, whatever. We're just gonna fucking break everything
Break it down
Oh create a save point that's smart
Hold V to open the workshop menu that makes sense. All right, let's
I'll take care of this job
Do save yeah, we're saved up
Somebody cook and I smell
Like from another dimension. I'm smelling something
Um, okay
B
Yeah, okay
scrap
scrap
I know how to scrap. Did I already open this?
Did I already open this?
I did already open that. All right sick
That means you are nothing but scrapped to me now
You as well
Hold V. Thank you. Thank you
I figured it out eventually using my powerful brain
I'm cleaning it up. Don't worry. I'm cleaning it up race. Elvin
I'm gonna get rid of all these cars
Yo tv rots your brain that makes it scrapped scrapped
Yeah, scrap this that's he there's a rug under there. Damn. All right
Yo scrap these files
These files have been axed
scrapped my god. This is a lot of scrap
This is kind of a wild system that they've got going here. Did I pick this up? I did. Okay
That you know what that means scrapped
Scrapped scrapped. All right. Sorry radio. I did enjoy you but now you're scrapped. Oh, can I scrap the lamp separately?
I can
Oh, shit. That's tricky. We're scrapping a weed wacker. Yeah, don't mind if I do
Oh, shit. Did I already get these?
I did. All right. That means you're scrapped
scrapped
and scrapped
And you are a lamp but I can't scrap you
this is
This is not monotonous. This is therapeutic for me
Because my world's been turned upside down. See
So I kind of need to do this
In in honor of my departed son and wife. Yo, fuck this tree is scrapped. You're scrapped
Yo, you know what the problem with this whole house is it's that it's scrapped
Dude so much room now. I can play fucking b-ball on this shit scrapped and scrapped
Yo, who do these tires even think they are? I'll tell you what they are. They're scrapped a floor jack
I'm already jacked. I don't even need that all right scrapped
A bouncing ball
That's scrapped now. It's getting late. Oh, shit
There's nothing in this mailbox. Whatever. You don't think we're leaving the neighborhood this stream
I got a lot of work to do. I mean, it's not my fault that this town needs to be scrapped fully scrapped
Maybe I won't scrap the whole time
To a globe can I pick that up?
I can
Scrapped
I said like I got to do this for the people
In in honor of the people who once lived upon here to a baby bottle
It's like scrapped to me
scrapped
Whoa, what the hell
Uh scrapped what the oh no
You know what mostly what I want is wood
So let me just scrap these two. Maybe I'll finish doing all the scrapping later
Because I can't see how this could take like an hour
Of me just doing this. I'm beginning to sense that this could take like
A really long time. So I'll just scrap the big houses
I mean, I'm tempted obviously I'm tempted to scrap like everything. I guess I'll just scrap the big ass houses
Yo, spinachy from another dimension. Thank you
Nachi, thank you so much for the raid
We're interdimensionally overseeing chats. Um at this point really more of a neighborhood cleaning
project than a game
So, um, he's really being quite thorough in his neighborhood cleanup and I I think I might have to encourage him to
The expedite this walked straight through a bush
all right
Spinachi, I hope you had a great stream. Thank you so much for the raid
Normally I'd be on my news stream, but
You know the interdimensional future is calling. Oh, there's a whole house
Ruin. All right. I think we're good. We're trying to get a lot of wood
The top news the world has been completely nuked
And there's a bake sale a microphone 900. Thank you so much for forcing spinachy into the news
I feel ready
I feel ready to finally begin my project
of building a whole lot
of
I just want to work on my craftsmanship. Oh shit
Um, I want to build a whole lot of a whole a whole whole lot of there it is
shelves
That's what I'm feeling
I'd like to build some shelves today your shelf. You all right a wood shelf
I can build a lot of these. All right. Oh feels good. I feel like I'm getting stronger
Yes
Oh, I can feel the strength of the shelves running through me
Ah the power of the shelves
Our power empowering me
shelves
Give me power shelves
Yeah
Oh, shit. We're out of shelves
Oh, we haven't or have we not even begun to shelf
But how do we uh, how do we scrap these shelves? Uh, can we even scrap the shelves?
Yeah, scrap. Oh my god. That's crazy
Now we're good
What do you mean you see what I'm doing? I'm just a man who loves to build shelves
I just happen to love
shelves
Ah, this is like a workout
I'm disassembling these shelves really fast just for the record
Ah, how many shelves did I freaking build?
Almost wish there was a way to just do this in mass
But it turns out there's not
Okay
Well back on our shelf grind
I feel like I could build a whole lot more shelves, honestly. Um, so I think I better do that
Shaaaaa-
Ah, shelves. I love shelves so much. It feels incredible
The way I build these shelves
Yeah, shit. I'm out of fucking wood again
All right, maybe just get some more wood real quick
Like this tree's got a lot of wood
Like look how much wood's in that tree
That's a crazy amount of wood to have in a tree
And like who's using this fence if we're being real
You see, I accidentally built the shelves
There's a lot of wood in these trees. I think this neighborhood has too many trees
And it's blocking the view of
um
How good looking this neighborhood is now that I've cleaned it up
So I think I probably the responsible thing to do is just cut down every single tree
I can't even cut those trees down
That sucks. Um, okay. Yeah, scrap that. It's so weird that you can't sprint
I'm just so focused I can't sprint
We'll do one more round of shelf building and then we'll then we'll actually play the game
The game of life that is a lorex
That like a new diet or something
Like a diet pill my son could have played on this, but instead it's scrap. Oh, I'm not moving. Hey, stop it
Stop it. Let me walk
Oh my god. I want it. Let me walk. Okay. Now I can walk again. God damn
Controls are a little crazy. The controls of my body are weird right now. Maybe it's because of I spent 200 years sleeping
Maybe I am too full of wood to sprint
I got a lot of wood in me. All right. Now. We just real quick do a little scrapping
The people love to scrap
I scrapped it
And we scrap again
Scrap that. Okay. We're so full of wood again
This is one last this will let me get over the death of my wife this last round of shelf building
Uh, just let me build furniture, please. All I want to do is build shelves
Is that so much to ask in this fucked up world?
For a man to just build some shelves
Yeah
His power this is what a man looks like
Oh my god, I can feel the power I'm working through the day like it's fucking earthbound. All right, um
Enter
Enter the shales. Wait a minute. I just had a beautiful idea though
Why settle for one type of shelf?
When I have all this steel to build shelves with
Uh, this isn't even more fun noise
That's power right there. Oh shit. Did I do it all?
Oh, I can't build shelves anymore. Let me build more shelves
Shills power
There's food
How long have I been building shelves for two hours for two hours we've been at this?
My god
That's crazy. Oh, I'll eat. I'll eat in a bit
Um
I can't stop. I can't stop now. Not yet
What the hell what's happening?
and
All I want to do is yes
Eggs store. Yes. I want to let me do what I want to do. Okay. There we go
She did make some grilled rad roach
For my eating enjoyment and we're shelving. We're de shelving
This is the way you wind down after doing some intense shelving as you de shelve
After this, I will regretfully not be building shelves for a little bit. I have a dream wife
Oh, shit. I just fell back out of hallucination that my wife made me food
Okay
I am and just a couple more shelves to scrap
Just a few more and you
I just have to hit this button a couple hundred times
A button in my mind that says you construct a shelf
I mean, I could I could do this for a while
If this weren't so monotonous to watch I could sit here for an hour and do this
I'm still not done
How many shelves did I build? Okay, we're done
We're done
I just got to build a bed and sleep because like that was wild. You y'all see y'all saw that that shit was nuts
Yo, build me this bed
Yo, I'm fitting to fucking sleep
Uh, okay. Nighty night y'all
He's gonna sleep
Chet needs a solid nine hours of sleep
Gotta wake up early
He's probably got to go shoot things now
I hope he's feeling all right. Oh my god. I feel well. Honestly. I slept like a baby
Oh, fuck my baby got kidnapped and my wife's dead. Oh, I forgot about that all night and I slept so well. It was crazy
Hmm, it's all that shelf building. It's time to power up
Go go power cheddar
All right. I'm a man of sky and some means. How do I scroll down the fuck? Let me
Troll alt next rank
Why can't I look at the bottom of this list?
Dude these controls are not super duper. Okay, there we go. Hmm
Nerd rage
Genius is angry when your health drops below 20 time slows and you gain plus 20 damage resistance and do 25 more damage
And all you have to do is not have any health. Um
Seems reasonable to me
What else can I do because I'm so smart?
nuclear physics
You've learned to split the atom
Radiation weapons. No, no, I'm probably I fight for my friends with my fists
Robotics expert. I don't care about robots chemists. No, I don't care
Sky ants take full advantage of advanced technology with access to base level ring one high-tech mods. What does that mean?
scrap or waste not
I salvage more. That's pretty sick. I could build more shells hacking. I already did that. I'm good at it. Gunnut
I mean, I like guns
Medic. I don't care about that
fans
I don't need that either. All right, so mostly I just wanted nerd rage
That's the reason I'm so smart
Is I knew deep in my heart. That's all I needed
Care his man
Loan wanderer who needs friends. I don't need those
Great. I'm all alone and that's fine
Strength channel your chi into unleashing devastating fury punches do 20% more damage now
Swing for the fences melee weapons do 20% more damage. That sounds like the kind of shit. I'm gonna absolutely need
um except
Armorer
I might need armor because I'm gonna be close to death most of the time
Access to base level rank one melee weapon mines
We need to equip my eyeglass says oh, I do have glasses that I can put on
Maybe I do that heavy gunner. I might want some heavy guns strong back. Okay. I got that
Steady aim. I don't need that
Yeah, sure get up close and personal gun bashing and I'm on it hit people with stuff
Your part tree while standing still you gain 25 damage resistant and you're melee and unarbit X to 25% more damage
Sounds like the kind of shit I might get into
Bone pain train while wearing power armor. I am the power armor
Okay
What's the deal here lady killer? Well, I mean that goes without saying
Maybe we become maybe we gain more endurance
For any level one abilities
Gunslinger. Ah fortune finder. Ah
toughness
Instantly gain plus 10. I might need that because I do plan on having
My whole fucking body out ready to get destroyed
How many more points do I have do I have anymore?
um
I don't
I'm out of juice
But I think I'm off to a pretty strong start
Oh, shit. I did already kill one lady. That's true. I didn't
The up the really cold bed plus those two assholes killed her
That was my wife
All right, um, let me put on these eyeglasses real quick
ah
Shit, I'm a man of sky, so
Probably important that I'll wear these kind of fogged up though from all the radiation
Let's see how I look. I feel like I look good. Shit. I can't even see myself
Yo, what the fuck
I'm wearing this hat
There's some intermediate dimensional interference. You can't even see that I'm wearing this sick hat
Sitting this chair and I'll think but how smart I am
But I'm a beanie and I'll really think about this
What the hell? Oh, there I am
Man, I look good
I do look good
And yet my wife and child are probably dead and the whole world is nuked
I'll tell you what it's time to do
It's time to take my baton and take some matters into my own hands. Let's do this
Shit off
Dude, my life a movie right now
My life a movie
Give me go
Fucking zoom
The power of Skynes will save us. I do have too much health right now and it's pissing me off
so
To lose some of that I should be good
Who wants some?
Hello
What's your deal? Oh close
A double barrel shotgun a drifter outfit
I'll wear that is it better to wear that drift or outfit
Nice that better than this
Gives me defense
This suit gives me more charisma
And this pretty dress also gives me tons of charisma. I'm a vault man. I love to be a man of the vault
Even though that vault fucked up my whole life and killed my family
I got to represent where I'm from
but
My chat sense tells me there's more stuff
This way wasn't here. Haha short pipe rifle. Yo, I know thing or two about piping shit down
Yeah
Yeah, the future's fucked up man. Yo, what's over here? Oh shit a whole ass deer
Don't be afraid. I'm one with nature
I'm the man of Skynes. I'm only curious why you got two heads dog. That's crazy. Just kidding die
That's power dude meats for me
Sorry, I know that's fucked up that I did that to the deer
But I needed his sweet meats. Who knows what I'll eat again in this dark future. I'll take that. There's some pain in there
Don't mind if I do
Aguana on a stick. Uh, yes, please. All right. What the hell's going on here?
I don't mind if I do turn you off and then I'm having a premonition that good shit's this way
I got endurance for days. All I need is to I'm a two in two endurance player
Uh, shit. I'm rich bottle caps. God damn it sick ass gun
bobby pin a chef's hat
Yo, I got a chef hat
Yo, what who do you think you are man?
away with you
Yeah, that's right hurt me and that's what I like
I need to be hurt so that I can rage out. Yo, what's your problem? I got no problems now
Man, you think those mole rats had a family? What if they were a family? Sometimes those are the
Deep intellectual questions. I asked myself after slaughtering things
Yo, what's your deal? Oh, fuck. He's dead as hell. Are you sure you're dead? Oh, okay. Yeah, he was dead
He was dead before I did that. I just was trying to check
Yo, he's got good stuff. Give me all your shit
I put that stuff on
Yeah, put it on baby
Why don't I sort wait? Yeah, give me that give me that
I don't want the leathers
nice
How I'm fucking looking good
All right, nice. I feel stronger than ever
Bowl meat. It's what's for dinner
I think I had a dream once about it talking dog that did the news and those mole rats reminded me of that dream
Oh, shit. It's a place
Yo, what's going on here?
What's good? No, that's a great poem
Clive and sleaze I put on my glasses so I could really think this through
Um, and what I was thinking through is that you can use code quio to save it heart audio cables.com
Even in the dark recesses of the interdimensional vault that I oversee
We know a good audio
Website when we see it for all of our audio cable needs and that's heart audio cables.com
Yo in my head, I heard a very accurate ad
I dreamt of it
Yo, what's going on here?
Oh, what's your problem?
Oh, do you think you is
out
You guys better be careful. I will rage out
I'm not running away
The fires
Oh, shit. You know what? I just realized we had not saved in a while
Uh-oh
I think it saves when you level up fortunately
It saves when you level up
Huh, I just built all those shelves and I feel good to go
Am I even wearing my glasses? Yeah, I am. Don't even worry about it
We're gonna remember to
Good occasions. I'm gonna just pause and say what have I done lately. I'm not gonna register that in my mind
Unfortunately in a certain reality that shed is dead forever
But don't worry. I've hacked into a different reality where he's very alive. It's one of our powers in the interdimensional vault
A doo doo doo
All right, no need to go that way. I bet there's nothing good that way and if there was it would take too long
Oh, shit. It's a dog. Yo, what's up, dude?
Yeah, hey boy, what are you doing out here all by yourself?
Oh, shit. I made friends with a dog. Yeah, let's fucking go
Let's fucking dog
Okay, then let's I'm a lone wanderer, but you don't count as a friend because as a human friend because he's a dog
Give me this shit. What's up this? Give me all this shit
yo
Give me that
You like you that give me this shit. Give me all this stuff
Give me fucking everything. What the hell? Give me this
Free warmoony
Give me that telephone. I want it all baby
Actually, let's put all this shit away
yo
transfer
Take it all
All right, we're good to go
Yo with me dog dog with me
I'm a baton master
Are you related to I shall call you a pito big
Are you coming with me? What's your deal? That's probably following me. Whatever
Yo, a fucked up cave
Don't mind if I do
I bet this cave is fine
Hello. Oh great more fucking stinky rats
Get swatted on man. Oh get ratted up
Attitude excuse me
Yeah, that's what I thought dude
Give me those mates
What's up with you? What's up?
How you're dead rat? Oh, I know how to do this
Oop almost first try first try first try
Got it
I'll mind some drugs. Oh cocktails
With your sweet cocktail
Oh, you followed me. Hell, yes harvest those brain funguses
Give me the brain fungus. Where was that? Give me a glowing fungus. Yeah, I'll take that
Y'all take that nothing in there
Oh, it's warm over here feels good
Tangoing here for a little bit
Mr. Benson on behalf of the Boston Regional Office
I'd like to congratulate you on winning the 2067 trash busters award for greatest year-to-year waste reduction in single store
Serely Gerald Phillips now whatever
I'm sure what that's for. Damn. It's hot in here
Feels like my whole body's heating up. The dog is with me now
We move as one
Dog we move as one
Yeah, you look good
Wait brain funguses, dude. I almost left these brain funguses. I'm talking to my dog now mostly
It's good to have a friend to talk to I just felt the ghost of my wife
Man my wife's ghost is haunting
In these radioactive wastes
This load time is wild
What do you mean by that?
He is right though
It's the kind of load time that makes you just real quick want to save
Oh, you can quick save perfect
Concord I sense crows. All right, this time
Part of me feels like if I had done this
In a different life, I would have died immediately, but this time
I'm gonna think
It's the best way to handle this
And it's by fucking creeping up on them
Oh
Yo, excuse me
Yes
Together the dog and I show him what was up
Yo
Get smashed on dude
Yeah, these guys got some good stuff
Knuckles. Oh, that's what I'm talking about
Let me just in the middle of this fight check out how the knuckles do 25 damage
This does 33 though. So that's actually better
Dude, they are citizens arrest sir
Citizens arrest
You have a right to remain silent
Oh a tire iron
All sorts of boiled armors and stuff a sack hood
I love a good sack hood
Yeah, anybody up here on the balcony. What's up a group of settlers inside the raiders are almost through the door
Grab that laser musket and help us. Please. They're through the door
Since when hey
Uh
Who a harness was that that?
How do I scroll on this?
Look, oh is that
I see no okay take
All right. Oh shit a laser musket and a fusion cell
Ah, he's so nude though
I can't believe you killed that guy. That's bad
You're punished
Do a toilet plunge wait there
Don't wait there. Follow me
Come on
Yo, right to remain silent. Okay. We're feeling good. I could be a daddy. Maybe
Let me put on some armors
A boiled right arm. How should I leveled up?
Um
Sort is z by value
Most valuable armors
All right, is this better than my current thing? I guess I don't need radiation resistance
That's for powers
A raider left leg a raider right leg
Or boiled right arm
And I boiled oh, I'm sure I'm naked. I better not pan back actually a sack hood. I don't want to wear that
Yep, this little is wear this under that
All right, whatever. How do I look? I look fucking sick as hell
I look so good
I can just tell I look good don't I look good boy
Yeah, you said you know I do
Leather daddy on twitch win. I don't know. That's that'd be a pretty weird sub goal
I'm sure if that's terms of service approved
Oh
No, excuse me, sir, but you're shooting at my friends
I fight for my friends
But mostly I fight with a baton
I'm stuck again
Yo boy, we got to kill all these guys. I think
I've made a split decision. Yo out of here. Oh, that's not a real person. Yo, that's also not a real person
Excuse me miss. Oh, shit. That's awesome. Yeah, put down the gun. Oh, he wasn't also real
All right, I'm getting it now. Oh, shit
Okay, Nate, they weren't none of them was real
Chet's mostly fighting with a baton
But honestly, he's doing great
You want to play you want to run around and hit people with a baton? It's pretty fun
a cat picture
Oh my gosh, look
Uh, ganglore. Thank you so much for the follow. Oh, we'll just take that
We're on the war path
Oh a knife. That's exciting. Is that kind of some melee weapon? I guess it must, right? Is that better?
Is it better?
Sort by dam
Oh the tire iron is slightly better
Who would have thought
A tire iron is better than a baton
All right, the knife seems to not be that
Good
Oh, it's speed is fast though
All right, let's does it science with the knife
Go for him chat. Oh my god, he's so violent a bladed tire iron
Now we're talking
We don't need all this stuff
Chet is just wandering around right now with a bloody knife. It's not going wealthy
Super effective the knife was super effective
Man, I don't know. Yeah, what's up
Heck
Glad to help
Well, if that's true, we could use some more goodwill sure you don't want to stab some as you can see we're in a bit of a mess here
Thank you. Thank you. This is my new look
Well chet put on glasses so I put some on out of solidarity. See look, he's wearing glasses
No
No, totally they're supposed to be you're they're supposed to block the whatever pc light
They're a little they need to be cleaned
Either just straight clear
I think you got scammed. Oh, I'm sure I did they weren't I didn't buy though. They were giving to me
Please go on
A month ago that was the look I need
Yesterday there were eight
Now we're five
Eight to five was the ghouls in lexington and now this mess. All right, we gotta do
Sorry
Sounds rough
Thanks chet looks slightly more reasonable in that someone and when his head's out
Anyway, we figured conquer would be a safe place. Will it be enough to stop those maniacs?
Sturgis
There's a crash vertebrate up on the roof
Old school pre-war well looks like one of its passengers left behind a seriously sweet goody
We're talking a full suit of cherry t-45 power armor military issue. Okay
Ah
I like it
Yeah, I thought you might it is not letting me skip this dialogue
Sure
Minigun
No, I know right it can be powered
Uh
What you'll need right, but we can't get to the damn thing. Look
I fix stuff
Actually, I already grabbed the fusion core. That has two fusion cores. All right
Uh anybody can wear power armor. I think with the ridiculous build we're going for though
We we probably don't want it. What somebody whispering crazy shit
Angry we need help and we get a bolt. Oh hell. Yeah
Oh, yeah, we'll take that. What are you going to do in that stupid jumpsuit blade to death?
Oh, so mean
Dog meat brought to us. You know dog meat. His name's big papito
He's been renamed
That lady called my dog the straight up wrong name. She's my enemy. Uh, I got two fusion cores
It wasn't checked. I swear to god. I have two. I got one from the rat people. I got one from the basement
Bigito, that's even better. I changed. Yeah, I'm changing his name to that big grandal bigito
Why do I see the name big grandal in my mind?
I don't know the interdimensional aspects of this are fucking with chet's head
Bigito check it out. We found a huge thing to put on
I don't really like it honestly. I feel like I'm this big without it
But I guess let's fucking
I guess let's do it. Oh my god. He's putting it on
He's gonna void
Yeah, this is kind of sick in here honestly though
I'm like strong as hell, but I honestly feel slightly stronger in this
Yo, what would you say?
Uh, give me a fucking break dude. Not even a chance
Yo, what's up now?
I happen to have a sick ass gun for you. I hit there with a first shot. What's up?
Boom, you see that shit superhero landing. Uh, I'm reloading. Sorry. I'm reloading
You ain't getting away
They're coming right for me
That was self-defense
Get shredded on. Yo, we fucking did it bigito. That was easy as hell
Oh anybody else who's shooting at me?
You there
Back the fuck up
Excuse me
What the shit
What the oh my god, it's a really big dog. Yeah chill, dude chill. Calm down, man
Excuse me
Excuse you
Oh my god, where's my fucking gun?
Yes, mini gun, please
This sucks this guy's being a huge asshole
Where's the stimp? Okay, stimp packs. Yeah, I'll take two of those please
Oh
Damn, man, they got them. They got chat
Oh, well, we'll hack into another dimension real quick
Oh this fucking armor. I'm already that big though. Whatever who even needs I'll just sit down for a minute
Bigito
It's been stressful today, but I appreciate your service. I don't want to wait action. I want to do this right now
Stand up
Be recognized among the greats
Give me this
Give me that
And
Let's get into this shit. I guess
Take the fusion core
Get my ass inside
All right, bless up for this chat
Assuming can't do much worse
In my head. I just heard the voice of a hater
A whisper of a hater
And to that hater I say
I'm the best there ever was
Oh shoot, look at all this
Give me all that. Yo, dude, chill. All right, we're going straight down this time. What's up now?
All right, nice
Oh my god, that guy's strong
Holy hell, that guy's taking so many bullets. Whoa, I don't know how to do that
What?
Out of way
Just want to talk about it. No, this thing is quite tough
Back off, man. Hey, leave my dog alone. Oh, that's it. Leave the dog alone, sir
You see what I just did?
You're still really want to fuck me?
I am
No respect for these people
That's climbing. You a toy alien
Guys a raider chess piece
What's up dog, we did it man. Thank you. I do have 10 intelligence
I'm one of the smartest man's in the world
Dude bigito tank to fucking claw that was wild
What's up y'all? Is everybody impressed? Y'all see that?
Excuse me. You'll see that
A pretty amazing display. Thank you. I'm just glad you are on our side. Yeah, dog
What's up, man?
What are we doing?
I feel like it's gonna be okay now
Yeah for a while anyway, we can at least my friendly voice for this guy
When we first met you said you were glad to help
Well, you did and we owe you all right. I get to it
You're welcome
Anytime. Well, since you say that maybe you'll come to see
All right, garvey. Oh
That's wonderful
But there's more to your destiny. What's that crazy lady?
Yeah, help please tell me you're a man out of time out of hope
Lucky gas all's not lost
Chet's so polite
And even I don't need the sight to tell you the great green jewel of the diamond city
Uh, you're useless
Look, we talked about this. All right junk. It's gonna
Sounds like you better get going to diamond city. We're all gonna die eventually
Jesus
These people are having fucked up conversations
No, chill here guys. Thank you guys. Chill. Chill. Let's go
Thank you for being here. Don't be kidding. We're out of here
This is motherfuckers
Outs
Oh boy a house free money. Big money boys. The guido sounds stressed out. We have so many drugs
There's a joe's doughnuts. That's good. Oh a box of bobby pins
Oh, what's going on? It's a sanctuary first though. I think we're close
You're extremely close. You can definitely try walking slightly faster
We're coming to the original minute man. I knew that was somewhere around culture
That means this right here must be the old north bridge
I'd call that the best omen I've seen since we left quincy. Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about boss, but I'm glad you're happy about it
I'm glad you decided to come with us. I should have listened to mama murphy all along pretty nice place
She's found for us. I think we could settle down
Taking it off. He's taking the thing off
Oh, is this all he has to do? Oh god, we've got a build for these people
Now I got a build for these folks. What more do they want for me?
Oh, I'm carrying too much stuff. I'm overburdened
Yo, dog me
Go bite those people make them walk faster
Speed they're moving at is definitely insane
stored
I'm still too heavy
No, did I put on weight?
Oh, it's because of this fucking big ass thing. I don't even need this y'all. I got a baton
transfer
Sort by weight
Yeah, we're gonna store that. I don't think we care about laser a shotgun sounds kind of like my jam
Put the rest of that shit away. I don't need I don't need a fucking I don't need any a bladed tire iron
That sounds nasty as hell
Keep one of those
um 73 damage
I think maybe that's all sorry security baton you've served me well, but your time has come
I don't need these knuckles
All right, we're set up. We got a shotgun a pipe pistol. Maybe we should take one normal gun and
Bladed fucking
higher iron that's crazy
Why am I still so heavy?
Am I crouched? What's happening?
Wait, I can sprint
Is there some button I hit to walk slow?
Dude these controls are confusing to me
Whoa, no stop. I don't want to kill them
Um, uh-oh
Uh
All right, we learned we learned something there
Gaps lock. Thank you so much
I swear I hit it, but apparently I also definitely didn't hit it. Hey
Do you have a moment? I wanted to thank you for helping us out in concord. Yeah, what's up?
If only we'd run into you sooner. All right
Literally don't even mention it
You guys have been through hell, huh? You have no idea
In these past few months
My son, he's uh-huh
You failed him as an option
Your son Kyle
Kyle uh-oh
I once had a friend named Kyle. I understand how you feel
But you and I
We're still here, right? All right. Give me a mission
No mission
Who even needs him?
I look like I want to chitchat
All right, lady. Relax
Give us more quests
Hey, hey anyway, I am glad you're here anyway
And I hope you don't mind
But I've got another favor to ask
I've had word from a settlement asking for help. Okay. There's still hope in their miniman out there
Somewhere the only chance to start rebuilding the miniman is to show people they can count on us when they need us
Trouble is
Do you think you could go help out the subtle
I'm thinking chet can do that. That's fantastic. Look at this guy. You think he can't help you?
Oh my gosh, we've leveled up again around here at all talk to Sturgis
I'm sure
Dude, obviously I could help
Help myself to building a fucking sick-ass town
Yo, who am I supposed to talk to?
What's your deal? What's your deal?
I'm waving my gun in everyone's face. I should have done more. Yeah, you should have
I hope those raiders pay for what they've done. I mean they probably will because I got a baton axe now
Where is this guy I'm supposed to talk to? What's the problem here?
Where'd everybody go?
Excuse me people
You there. I got to talk to you
You willing to do some work?
No
But yes, I'd be glad to help. Just tell me what you need. Well for starters. We could just make sure we can
There's a work bench over
All right, I did use a lot of resources building shelves, but I might be able to whip up a couple beds
What what's what to you miss? What's this lady's problem?
She's like wildly aggressive
Which bed sucks the least?
This bed looks like it's not the worst
Um, this seems like a great spot for a bed
Oh, I'm rotating
Damn it. Yo, that's a bed
This is also a bed
And this kitchen seems like a great spot for a bed
And also like what if there's a bed conveniently right here?
They all sleep in one spot. It's honestly safer. I'm just this bathroom is a good spot for a bed
All right, they got beds for days
All right, what else you need
Water really y'all need water
I guess if that's the level you're at that you need water
I've kind of regressed past that due to my vault lifestyle
Food all right, they like food because that's the thing they like
Dog needs a bed. That's a great point. We should build my dog a bed because people are being selfish as fuck
I don't even care if my dog has a bed. Do I not have any food?
um
Yo, I might have some bad news that I've got like zero food for anybody
So
I guess maybe we get you some water because I'm that nice
But food is the thing you might as have to this food
Yeah
That's a great point lady citric. You can literally just piss and that's water
That's water leaving your body. That's the poison leaving your body
There's water y'all y'all are good to go
Water must be placed in water
Well, good news. There's some fucking water
Oh, all right needs power
All right
generate
Dude, I'm fucking killing this y'all happy yet. You got water
What you want the fences? All right, somebody's getting greedy
They need to be good defenses. Can they be shitty like look at this thing does this count?
Think it counts
Yo, you're defended
Congratulations
Defense defense
I gotta assign somebody. What are you up to dude? Can you do work for me, please?
You look unassigned as hell. I want to assign him
I don't
I see that he's unassigned. Let me assign you to this you
Sign a worker. How damn it
I need another
I need another fucking idiot
Yep
They need a fence. I just built them basically a fence. Oh my god a broken toilet
Real quick salvage that hey you are you're unassigned go
Over to oh my god
This is so annoying. How close do I have to get to this to make him go there?
Oh my god. I gotta get so close. That's crazy
sir
You're assigned
They need more defense
What else? I'm I'm building defenses closer to that house than everybody's the only thing I can't provide them is food
And that's one of the least important resources as far as I'm concerned
Like listen to my dog. He's just eating shitty finds on the streets. They can do that too
built
Built like they're me. Um, you are unassigned and thus you must be commanded old lady to stand on this thing
Yeah
How you know what's up?
How you're defended as hell
You happy now, man. I changed the whole game
I like it
Having a place to sleep will improve everyone's spirits. What we need now is a reliable source of clean water. I already took care of that
I did that. I'm on it clean water coming up great
Thanks again. I already did it
Sturgis. I feel better already
I feel better already. Do you have a reliable supply of clean water?
I hope you don't mind me asking for spray if we're gonna settle here. I can't I can't do that. Yo, what's up, dude?
You're killing it. Nice work dog
Okay, well, um, I can't help him with food. So I guess we just leave
What are my missions? What are the mission parameters?
Fuck the settlers go to diamond city provide food
There's gotta be some other shit. I can do like shoot people
Does anyone need me to shoot people?
You there
Damn, I'm out of shape. This sucks. I guess we just
Oh
10 pennies bluff
Okay, we'll go there
Maybe there I can steal their food
No, this guy's never gonna
Come on dog. We got to go shoot other people. What's up, man?
It's a lonely road out here
Put on my hat because it's cold
Damn y'all on a journey
Look at my sexy ass
This vault shit is tight on me
And I think it honestly looks good
Oh, yeah, I thought I've new armors to put on harness them
Can I pick up like a chest thing? Yes, I did
All right
How we look good
I had to put on my cage
And you eat to the dead people
Great question
AB
Come on boy
Go, um
Shit, am I even headed the right direction? That's the right way. All right
Maybe we go in here later. I'm sprinter. What's up, dog?
Oh, wait, I have a new weapon. That's one of the sickest things
Switch blade blade entire iron
Obviously this needs to be one of my favorite guns in fact. I want it to be the number one gun
Yo, woe uh woe furball nine to six from the other dimension. I welcome you
That's aware now
Coming aware of
It's interdimensional nature
What the heck's going on here
These bad guys
Oh shit, they are
Oh my god a grenade
Yeah, get him dog. Oh my god
That's slightly shredded Jesus
Shets a killing machine
You've hurt my dog. How dare you?
Don't worry dog. I have drugs for you. What the hell's happening there?
Ironwork me. What's up?
38 rounds. I don't even know if I need that
Sack hood with hoses. I don't care about that either. I'm trying to get below what the fuck
Shit, there's so many nukes left over. There's like little nukes going off. Come on dog meat. This place is pretty bad
This area is not the best neighborhood
I'm on my juggalo shit. That's what we call men with hatchets in this reality. What's over here?
The thickest excavations
The thickest excavations nice
Can I help you sir? Ignore the hatchet. I don't want to kill you. Bye. We're looking to earn some tabs. Yep
I could use a hand here. Okay done. I can help
The pump isn't in top shape the leaks will be on
Shut up. Let me do it
Stop talking and let me dive into this probably clean water immediately
What's up now?
Yo
What am I supposed to do?
Huh, this water is really warm in a very abstract way
Honestly hard to explain
Let me just check my computer under water real quick
Pull the plug
Prepare pipes. Okay
So where are these pipes at?
Oh, are they not even in here?
Because I'm starting to feel a little sick to my stomach
Didn't he say these pipes is underwater? I can drink this water. I don't even know that
Yo, how deep underwater is these pipes? Deep as hell
I'm such a good swimmer. Oh, it's crazy that I'm even talking if you think about it
Get some air. Oh, is that a thing I need? I'm not sure about this quest. It's like I'm feeling a little dizzy
Just for being in this water. I'm not the best swimmer
Don't let the fact that I just did a 50 meter dive fool you. I'm not the strongest swim
Sir, your pipes are unfixable
We're gonna just keep moving
Where are the pipes at?
Pull the plug repair the pipes
Well, I don't know where to go. So
Oh shit a satellite
Yo, sir, there's a satellite up there. Excuse me. I have to handle this
I took your wrench. I'm borrowing it
You'll fix this satellite
So that it can tell me where the pipes are
Everything makes sense. Don't worry
Fugito, keep up. Wait, do I have to level up again?
I did
None of my important abilities are even available. I can't do this again till level 31. That's crazy. What does this do for me again?
That's the reason I have 10 intelligence
Or I do 20 more damage
Right now I do 20 more damage and get 20 resistant
Okay
Iron fist
I don't need that. I'm just gonna get more endurance
Yeah, give me that
I'm getting back in shape. This is all about working out. This is about fitness. This is a fitness
This is a fitness apocalypse stream
God, he's even wary streaming now
The interested dimensional voice is having for me that I stream
Follow the pipes from the big tank into the water. Okay. That does sound smart
But what the hell I hear explosion
Fuck what just exploded that was oh my god, everything's going crazy
Dogs on fire
Dude, leave my dog alone. Are you crazy?
Everybody's being fucking crazy
Bob grenades
Molotov cocktail
Hold and release
L alts to throw away. Let's hold and release
hell
What does that mean this
Oh
Oh, shit. It's just all watch out dog. I didn't I don't know my own strength
Who's around here you're done with work Kendall's done with work
Thought it's probably about time for us to leave the waste for today, but first
First we'll unless you want to
You want to kill this uh
You want to kill this whole satellite room the hatchet?
Oh cattle's gonna take over so it's it's pretty normal controls
It's like WASD stuff
um
You're all dead. Well, you got to go in the satellite. What the hell do you see that lady in there?
Oh, you have to go in the satellite room. There should be a bunch of guys
Why is your mouth so sensitive?
What where am I going down the stairs? Okay, and then where?
You see a big satellite
Oh, I understand cases torso so long. I can't hear anything. I hope you know that watch this watch this
Oh you save you save
Let's see you guys like that guys like that
Won't be able to hack this
Hey
Do you want to pipe this stole?
No, not purified water
Oh super strong
My gosh
What my health is low
I don't know how to do a thin pack on a pc
Damn am I about to die?
Does this mean I'm about to die
I don't know how to do that here
Fuck out of here die fucking die get your head chopped off
Okay
This is not how I boost him mouse. Oh, okay like that
Okay
Oh, you want me to eat something
It's up to you. What do you want? This is your game. Do you want do you want rads?
Okay, what do you want then? Okay, let's do bubble gum
We do broaches. Maybe
Uh, how many rads do I want?
Oh yum yum devil eggs guys. What should I eat?
I want to eat pork and beans pork and beans
Insta mash that sounds nice
Fancy lads snack cakes
I want to eat
Maybe just a bunch of you want me nuca cola
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum. Okay. What about nuca cola?
No, what else is that it? Maybe that's all I need
Maybe that's all I need
Bum bum bum bum
I feel like I should really just do a thin pack, but
Maybe I don't need it
Oh, how do I get out of this?
And I have oh my god, there's so many
I'm gonna die guys
There's so many I bunch of rats. This is too much. This is like too much
I don't know what to do
I'm gonna die
But I have a bunch of I'm
radiated
But I feel like it's a waste to be honest
Is it a waste if I do rat away because it's I'm not like
It's only like a fourth. I'm only like a fourth
I'll just do it
And then I'll also just do a thin pack
Damn what a waste guys
Should I just
I'll go the other way go doggie go
Go my dog go
Don't touch my dog you fucking bitch
Fucking bitch the fuck away from my dog. Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Are you you look hurt? You look so hurt
You look so hurt. You're dying. He's dying
He's
Hey
You guys named him the gito. Okay, let's heal him. That's for you
Oh, is there another person? Oh up there
The long way
I'm coming to get you the long way
Should I heal?
Okay, we did it
How'd everyone are you okay? Oh a switchblade. You want a mini gun?
Well, you do you want all their clothes? Do we make them?
I'm not fucking burying everyone
Too much
You want a broom? I fucking do it. You don't want everything
I don't want to take everything. I'll take a plastic fork though. You want a toothbrush?
We want snack. Hey
I'm gonna take the can
Actually, you know what you can look at
You want to look at this? I don't want to look at that you can look at that later
It's around the side
Dog tags. No, I'm looking at things
Okay, I wonder why that's stuck in my head
Gothic up
Oh, you know what we'll go to the room upstairs
Get out of my way
A gold watch
Orange fusion course fusion core who cares, right?
A pipe pistol another plunger
It's for doggo
All right, you can do whatever you want now. I killed everyone
No, I'm done. Goodbye guys
Didn't we're gonna want that dude. Do we have any bandanas to dress up the doggy?
I don't think we do yet
Well, hopefully we'll find one soon. Oh you turned down the sensitivity
I like to shut to really be able to whip around
Damn, I kill so many people the blood on my hands
The blood on my hatchet
These wastelands have changed me into something else something honestly pretty badass though. That's like kind of sick
It's his deal wielding goggles. I don't need to wield goggles
Yo, what's up dog? You look good, man
Broke it
First try that's it
What the
Dude
Yo, chill out bud. Good work, dude
Hidden in my mind scape. I just kissed my dead wife. Yo
Hi
I got an intel room key doggy. Can we're welding goggles? Oh shit. I gotta pick those up
I could put goggles on my dog
I was not aware of this
Favorite the minigun is one of our favorites now even though I did already have one of those
Now I got another double barrel shotgun. Let's make that one of our favorites
We'll make that
Number two
We're getting suited up, dude. It's a little radiated over here. Oh shit. I'm stuck in the radiation here. You want to do it?
Just move the mouse. Tell me when you want me to
Oh
Kendall's doing this
Oh
Stuck that's the power of teamwork. Yes
One rattle way. Why did this make such a scary noise?
Lock it
Maybe that's a quest item for later
Okay
I think we got it all
An antique globe I spoke to soon
What the cigar box?
I was so wrong. There's so much good stuff still
Come on dog
Did it take uh 10 hacks with the hatchet to get through the chest neck?
Yeah, the he's he's using this hatchet because uh, he's not weak to it
But everyone else is oh, yeah, wait goggles
Welding goggles
Yes
Dog come here
Come here dog. Hey wait there
I said wait
Prayed with me
Oh, he howled. There's so much stuff in our inventory. It's only gonna get worse
Shit, why do we have this stuff? Let me get out of them. Um welding god. Oh, we already had some put them on, baby
They're equipped. Oh, I'm excited. Oh my god. He's dr. Manhattan dog. Look at him. We're gonna up in dogger
He looks so good
Hey, how you doing buddy? Hey boy, you know any tricks? Oh
Very good. I'd give you a treat, but it's not a thing in this game
The radio still works
An overdue book enhanced targeting card. All right. All right. All right. You so you killed everybody here
Killed them all
It's so good
This game is about murdering everyone and you're doing and you did it
Dude, bigito deserves all the all the rewards
Pipe pistol. Oh even more welding goggles
We could put 18 goggles on our dog. Mongrel dog toy car
A dog collar
Bigito
Bigito, where are you?
Bigito
Bigito, I gotta loot this other room. Where are you?
Bigito food for you
He doesn't care
Okay, he'll show up in a sec. I'm picking up all the bird books. So I just picked up a nuke. Okay, great
Got so many cokes
A desk excited. Yeah, all these computers are
Oh, okay shock in it
Low-sighted heavy pipe pistol
Re-war money subway token, that's exciting a chest right kind of you got this
Very close. Oh, sorry
Loose we lost one. We got so much stuff. Where is our dog?
Bigito need to put on a collar
It's a fashion show bigito
He's on
Where's that computer?
Look at oh, he's just wait. Oh, we told him to wait
Heads up. Come on. I also have to trade with you. Yeah, put it on buddy. Oh
You look so bad. He's rocking a chain. Holy shit. He's a rapper now. You look so good
I
Kido's a rapper at last. Where's that computer about to file it more smoothly. You got a call
Oh, it's hello fresh
You want to take over you'd find that computer. I want to do is try to turn off
Okay, someone tell me where the computer is
Oh his sensitivity is insane
Uh-huh
Oh, uh, you're here right now. Uh, I can come out and let you in
My way bigito. Oh
My bad, where am I? Where am I going?
Where
Where am I going?
This way what? Oh, I was there
I'm sure seeing this way
This way this way
Okay, and then what? Oh, there is you're right. Oh, it's upstairs upstairs upstairs upstairs
You're right. I was marker blind. So is case. So it really made me think it was down here. Okay
The fuck is in here nothing
This way. Oh this way this way still upstairs. I'm pretty sure I'm going the right way
Do I have to kill anyone out here? Someone tell me right now. By the way, this is the third time case has
Restarted this game. I just want you guys to know that there's something about the beginning of this game that he really likes
Anyway, we're stuck now
Oh
Hello the one of these
Dirty water. I don't fucking want dirty waterbelting
This one I craft something for him. Where am I going this one this?
This
Where am I going?
Okay, uh-huh. Uh-huh. Do I go up? I have to go up
My what am I doing? What am I doing?
Someone tell me
You're here
All right, anywhere you want. What do you mean? Don't I have to do a thing for case?
Oh, he had welding goggles. Look. Oh, no, he didn't he did it
Up here up here this up here
This way, what am I doing wrong way? Just watch this
Wait, you said to the right and I think you said to the right
When I was here
Okay, so this makes me think somewhere here, right?
You said something here. No. Okay never mind
Oh, I have to go somewhere
Like I have to leave is that what you're saying?
Oh, I need to get to the farm
Mmm
I'm not gonna open the map. I'm just gonna trust in you guys. So we're just gonna walk this way
Let's go it's nine time and it's let's ask a fucking jump. Let's fucking go. This is my fucking truck
It's my truck. Okay. Here we go this way. I'm assuming this way. It's a long walk. That's okay
We'll make it
I'm refusing the fast travel
Chat I love you chat
Do the best
Long walk to the farm for me never fast travel
Fast traveling is for the weak
Where bitch get the fuck out of here. Oh my god. You just killed a whole bowl
Goodbye. I don't want your meat. Okay
Okay case can fast travel whatever we're gonna wrap it up
We're gonna get chat to a natural stopping point
for the night
Look at us streaming longer because we're gaming
Go get the meat
Oh, I don't believe I don't read that starship says I don't believe
Even myself. She's a believer
Hey
Farm is that what's on our map? I don't know
10 pennies bluff
Okay, I don't know where Abernathy farms are
At it. I don't know. No, they said it's a long walking fast travel
Um, I don't think we have that we don't have anything on our map. That's what someone told me
Like we don't have to the left of them like over here
We could go to Concord and then walk over but we're so close to this place
I think we should at least get there and then we can go we that will maybe we could go to Abernathy farms before we
out for the day
Go to red rocket
South of sanctuary. Okay. I think there's no
Fall out four so well
Well, it's been out for what 10 years. Yeah, but why do they know right now?
Why is it like well fall out for follow games are just more popular right now because of the show
You're telling me that you all know fall out four
So well just because the show came out it's been out for 10 years the game
There's also some classic game
We followed three screw those bugs screw these bugs
I've had enough. Yeah, follow-up 76 seems to
I considered playing that because I have never played that one, but uh
I did not seem to have the approval rating to do so
And some music
Yo wake up
The wanderers i'm calling
Yo get the hell up dude. I'm trying to talk
What do you want? I don't mean any more trouble around here. That's a fair question. So in bars. It's okay
I'm with the minute. I'm here to help this guy wakes you up in the middle of the night to be like
I'm here to help
Right most people don't put my
We're building the Minutemen from the ground up
We're the good guys again glad to hear it. No question that things have been worse since the Minutemen
pieces
There's a rate. We know where they're coming from, but we can't go up against again
He's beautiful
It's helping check it over his ex-wife
Don't worry. I'll take care of those raiders for you. Thanks friend. Yeah, you folks are for real this time
There'll be a welcome change for the better
He speaks you up waving an axe in your face
Damn, I ain't lost my game yet
He's giving me that special look it felt like oh
Fuck yeah food for me to steal
She won't mind if I steal all of her food, right?
She seemed like a giving person
Yo dog, don't stress. We're gonna go kill people before we take a nap for the night. The data is in
He'll the raiders at corvega assembly plant
All right, where the hell's that? Oh my god. I'm so bad
What the it's so far away
Okay, in the middle of the night
I'll be with the raiders. I'm just holding an axe over the bed. I think that at that point it's it is fair to leave me
That's grounds for immediate dismissal in a relationship
Yeah, did we level up again?
Are we level kings? No, we're not we're close
Should have built more shelves
Go to the rocket
Wait, why I've already been there if there's a thing you need me to
There's a thing you're uh
Well, I gotta do this mission then I gotta stop
I can't just leave it without chet murdering people with his axe
Oh south of the rocket is where to deliver locket. All right
We go kill these guys
Then to the rocket then we plant food then
We let chest rat. We let chet rest. It's been a stressful couple of days for him
I even stressed it all actually
What hand over the goods
I ain't giving you poison shilling chem pushers anything. Do you know what that junk is done to my boy?
He bought them fair and square trudy
Ain't our fault to be strung out. What's happening here gentlemen and shoot up that little trading post. Excuse me
Whoa, whoa easy there vault boy. This doesn't involve you. Are you sure?
um
You stop waving that gun in my face or it's gonna involve me. That's it. You're dead. You crossed the wrong man
Who's dead? Who's dead? I'm gonna be sick. Sorry. Who's dead?
Who's dead?
They
Started it
It's the ghost of my wife
Um, I helped
I can't wait to see the crow's feeding on that scumbag
Here, this is for you
Now if you ever need to trade my shop's open
Hell yeah, oh and I leveled up. I could I feel stronger than ever. You gonna be okay covered from here
Yeah, that's gonna take my son a while to get off the chems, but we'll make it now. Let's get back to business. Uh-huh
Gonna pass
I don't need shit. Oh, I stole
Sorry, I that doesn't blow ah shit. I fucked up
Sorry about that
Was that really grounds for shooting me?
Oh dog stop it
dog
Oh, come on. Hey duck. It's uh
Oh hold position
Ah goofed it. I really goofed it this time
Well, sorry treaty, but you're fucking with my dog now
She's blocking me
Listen, I know that was traumatic, but just don't worry about it, buddy
Reload a save
Reload a save. I don't know when our most recent save was
um
Three hours and 48 minutes that actually sounds pretty recent. I think yeah, that was
Okay, yeah, we'll reload that
Dude hitting and picking up the wrong thing is dangerous
I did I did if I had my management skills were lacking there
We already wake this lady up. Oh feel like I just woke up from a dream where I murdered a lady and her kid
It was a gentle dream
Anyway, now I'm filled with knowledge
knowledge of the dream
I'll be right with you ghost of my wife
Yeah
Yeah, there are infinite timelines actually so I'm just picking up with one where chet didn't murder that lady and her kid
Or he didn't go full hatchet mode on her
Man that lady was really defensive of her stem of her stem packs
I thought you lose real friends, you know
Oh, if you put I wonder how you put the weapon away
Yeah, chet is rocking a hat and then he takes it off when I cut to this angle
Do do do do I'll put my hand on for special occasions
Oh a truck stop this looks fine. I'm what if I need some gas
We had a deal Trudy. What's up hand over the goods you owe us. Excuse me. I don't like your tone
Respect your elders, sir. This doesn't involve you
What's going on what's going on here? That's a simple business dispute got it
Trudy said not a pile of goods that she uh, see how this chet handles her
But it looks like I gotta take what's mine by force. Chet might want to make some money
Help me out. I could use another gun. I'll talk to her. Maybe we can work this out and appreciate it
If things go side
Oh, this chet's being so reasonable
Hi, I saw you in that poison seller talking
Well, he ain't getting his money period
Look, you owe the money if you just pay them then this will be over
Everyone walks away without getting hurt. It's just being so reasonable
You take care of wolfgang
I'll pay you a hundred caps to put a bullet between his eyes. Oh shit
All right, Trudy
I'll get rid of him. Thank you. I'll back you up from here
Go get him
Sorry, I had a bit of a business conversation while I was in there and this is just business. It's just business
Sorry, buddy. This is just
Just business
The business of popping your fucking head off. Oh shit. I'm becoming evil
Pull a metal right arm. Nice. That's cool
Damn, you could have kept your whole head instead. Looks like you lost
Looks like you lost your head and you could have kept it cool. I'll work on saying I'll work on saying cool stuff
Hocketed the boiled leather left leg
Corn
Oh potato crisps
Barter all my shit with Trudy. Yo Trudy. Well, I gotta not take that this time. How do I put down my axe?
I feel like it's freaking people out that I just constantly have my axe out old R
There we go, and I'm a reasonable man. I can't wait to see the crow's feeding on that scumbag
Sure
Oh, I just got paid for that shit. It was that it was that easy. Let's see what you got
It's all worth every cap. I'm charging
Let's see. What do I have that's worth the most?
Um, short by
Sick value minigun. I'm keeping that. Did you court? I'm keeping that
Death meat you can have the death meat
you can have
Honestly, you can have this well, I should keep the armor probably but it's oh, it's not even heavy
um
You can have
You can have this this meat
You can have
Dude, she can't have anything honestly. It's how I'm feeling
You can have this clean black. Actually, I want that. It's a clean black suit. I might look nice in that later
Give me that back
Give me back my clean nice suit
You can't have that
Um, you can have this now that has gold on it. So I also want that you can have you can have that
I don't need this insta mash
You can have all these pot pistols
Don't need them
this gross ass meat you can have that
You can have both my dirty black suits
and
This gives you look nice. You can have my cigarettes
I'm trying to cut back because of all the radiation and stuff. I feel like I should try to be helpful where I can
Okay, what do you have miss? Do you have any guns or something cool?
I've got a secure your stuff kind of sucks actually
Yeah, sorry miss your stuff. Ooh a battered fedora though
Hold up
You know, I'll find one naturally
All right, that seems it seems like a fair deal confirm
Pleasure doing business with you and not killing you both. What's your deal loser?
Never take a hit a jet again. I swear
All right, do it for your mama
Dude, if I took her can I would get in trouble. That's crazy. She's so she is protective of her shit
But you know what me as well
Patch it's out boys
You're watching in 160p. That's high definition in this reality
It gets right back on the jet. Oh some flowers. Ooh carrot flowers
Good news dog. We've got carrot flowers now. All right. Who wants some of this
Action is this where I'm supposed to be? I didn't do an hour long mission
It will not take me an hour to kill these guys
But if it does then I will back off
Or Vega assembly plant
I'm gonna show you how fast I can murder these guys. What's up?
haters
It's a nest
We'll see about that
Yo
For azeroth
What's up now with the hatchet?
That barely even hurt that shit blew up. I didn't even care
Go jumps I got us
Ow get him dog. Nice
Excuse me, sir. I noticed you have a gun. That's cute. Holy shit
That was insane
Yo, what's going on up here? Leave my fucking dog alone. Are you crazy?
Give me that
Welding goggles already got
Ow. All right. I'm fine. I'll go inside and chill out everybody. Good night uncle phil
From the other dimension I say
Rest well. I'm in a dark space. I'm in a dark place. I'm a killer now
You can see it on my face. I'm inventing a new genre called rhyme words. Yeah, I'll take all that
Sure, I guess I'll take all of that
with this
Oops concrete poop mind if I do let's do a quick quick save
And then we just take a look. I can't I was gonna take a little nap because I'm kind of I don't even care
Yo, where's my enemy?
What's up who's around
You found me I found you
Oh, I found their ass
Well, did radar pocketed boiled?
Arms sack hoods
I can't I don't know what's even good
Do I want this?
Chocolate shells. I want that somebody's still out there. Who are you calling a little?
Have you seen me miss?
I'm a big boy. We lost him dog. That means it's a good time to sleep. It is a good time to see just one second
I feel much better papers
Who said I'm even hiding?
Yeah, it's me. I'm talking to you
What gave me away? Was it the sound of me blowing up your head with an axe?
What's up now?
Oopsie
Ow, I've been crippled damn it. I've been crippled again
That didn't go great that that time it didn't go that good. I'm in a lot of pain
I feel fine. Actually, I feel fine. Take it back. Oh, I feel so good. What's up now?
Boom that was cinematic as fuck. I'm on fire. But so is you
And a little wrecked dude. Who's shooting me? It's the same that you would do that
Crazy
Oh, there's another person
Hey
Stop it. Stop that
Squirrel bits
Yo, oh, there's my dog. Did you get him?
My dog got him
I have 10 grenades
Who's still alive boy? Let's find him and and talk to him respectfully after I pick this lock
First try first first try first try first
First try where the fuck is this? There he is you got him dog
Excuse me, sir
Sorry about that. Sorry
Sorry folks
Sorry about that
Damn
I'm starting to become addicted to violence. Is that bad have I become everything I hate the most?
I just had a brilliant idea
Stem pack
Favorite
Let's put it at zero
Loan with the quickness
Stim me up daddy. All right
And also I I did notice I leveled my ass right up
Loan wander level 17
Blacksmith armor I might need that at some point heavy gunair. Ooh heavy gunair
I should do that probably what does my intelligence do for me?
It's all of my wits and intelligence
Addicts gunnut. Ooh gunnut
I ain't even using guns really right now
Scrapper
Science guns chemists
Well, I have the one thing that matters and that's I get really mad when I get when I get hurt
I get pissed. All right. Let's power ourselves up. Oh, we're stronger than ever
We kind of can't be hurt
What's up
This you were coming at me with a pool cue. I had no choice
Quick dog to the elevator
Wait a minute. I just had a thought and that thought was I did not loot anything in here. What's your deal?
Oopsie. I got bored
Damn it. I'm not here for the lore. I'm just trying to skip through this
database network offline connecting offline
All right, nevermind
Nevermind
Nothing good there
Nothing nothing nothing. All right. Let's fucking ax him. I am an ax man
I've been affected by radiation and it made me an ax man
A toy alien. Ooh a death clot hide in a pencil. Hey, who's jabbering over here
Disappearing it. How are you guys not finding me? I'm straight up looking for you. What's up?
Oh, hello over there
Dog you're in my way dog. Oh, sir
Leather chest
Hey, don't shoot my dog. Are you crazy?
But wait, can I just walk right through here? Oh, I can't. Oh, you got him boy. Good job
Toothpaste gas mask road lid. I don't need any of that all that shit sucks typewriter. I need that
Dandy boy apples and corn this guy had it all
Little everyone is so disrespectful dude. Oh, yeah, just shout outs also to heart audio cables
Even in this dimension. I know where the internet was never invented
Now heart audio dot cables.com is the best place for all your audio cable needs
Buff out and wine going on down here
What's up in here?
Yeah, it is on list it is on miss it's on
Oh, that's cute. That's cute
That's cute. Let me just chug some fucking new cacola real quick and get down to business
That's how we do it in the wastelands
All right, what's up? You thought you were alive? That's a mistake
Yo
What's happening here?
Whoa boy watch out
Man my dog is tough as shit. You see him tank that explosion. That was legitimately crazy
All right, well the mammal bucket and gas canisters
Fucking rich
What is going on out here?
I'll make a mess
Dude, there's so many tires here. Let me loot this place
I need to I need to scrap all of this back of cigarettes a tiny cooler
All right, what's up? What is literally up?
I was gonna go up the elevator. I got distracted by murdering everybody a toy car. Fuck you
I might play with that shit later. It's pretty boring in the wasteland. Oh an exit
Oh, this is the front door
Yeah, I didn't really use that actually I kind of went my own way because I'm a rebel
All right, let's go to the elevator
Going up, please
He chuts and throwing the apocalypse a little too much
I feel like you should have you know a little bit of a heavier heart. My heart is light and free
Uh
Okay, what's up in here?
Hello haters
Me?
I'm so pissed about how this is happening. Yeah, ragdoll
Ow, I don't know why I jumped there
Who up?
It's a little hectic in here. It's a little bit hectic
That's why I have this big fucking chatter
Obviously, I would prefer to use my axe
But if these fuckers won't cooperate, I will resort to
heavy weaponry
Oh my god, I'm pissed off that I'm so hurt
Juice me up. That's it
You were gonna get off light or the other thing and instead I gotta axe your ass to death
Yo, what's your problem though?
Jared fucking subway Jared living in this car subway
Who's still shooting me?
What?
Or vegas safe keep
steam
pocketed girded
Girded leather chest piece that sounds probably I'm wearing wow
Who's there?
I don't even know where you are
Yo metal chaos
Thank you from the other dimension
Yeah, that's popping off guys
Where is this guy that's shooting?
But yeah, what's how do you do that? How did I even do that?
Very fucking
Plated tire irony one of us a better one
Dude where? Oh
How dare you shoot my dog?
Okay, there's still enemies that deal with them that get them
Yeah, I
Did I get them?
Have you used vats at all? No, especially because I don't know what button it is like so many other things
But I feel bad just constantly asking for what button things are
Dory, we've got another fresh jet queued up
Dude, this is gonna go great
All right, f seems to be checking my weapons. Um
Oh x's just start walking. All right, I'll just check
Let's see because that is a good way to find enemies
Controls what are what's vats?
Q is vats good to know
Okay, that's the only enemy. Oh, what do you?
I'm fucking right everybody get ready. It's hatchet time
Go go hatchet ranger
Suck my whole body
Oh
Jared
You thought you were you thought you were cool because you had a name
But it turns out
You were nothing
It was always oh who's shooting my fucking dog
All right, this this bothered me last time. Where are these?
There they is
Um, check this shit out stemmed up locked and loaded
Easy kill my dog already basically killed you
Uh
I can't talk to you right now dog
Where is this piece of shit?
Hello, is he back here? Are you in this area? Where the fuck is?
There is no man
Yet, I know there is
There you fucking. Oh my god. I'm so pissed
Okay, okay. All right. Did we win?
Is this area cleared or your six? I fucking did it. It did not take an hour
Raced right on because that mean all right. Let's look at our goodies right now. Maybe we can level up our
That is a better chest face
That's a prettier dress than what I'm wearing
That is weaker
That is better apparently that is also apparently better and that is also better
And
The goggles improve my perception that is apparently also improve me
And
Everything else is trashed here and unfit for my awesome body
I got two wedding rings
I wish I only had one
Because the other one does is a result of my dead wife, which is a bummer
Yo, give me your stuff
And in there what's the deal with this?
Just so you know
There's a there was a story afoot here of experiments and greed, but we didn't bother reading it
She's here
There's a caravan headed this way some joker and a cowboy hat. That's my friends
There's an old woman dressed like a fortune teller. It's her. I know it's her. I sent Chris double
collector
They sent somebody after my my fucking old lady
My old ass friend that's old
There's a grog net comic
Where it's one of my favorite comics
Oh my god, I almost missed that
Dude and I happen to do a ton of unarmed damage
Dude, thank you for looking at husk
From the other dimension
And that's really on top of hearing you guys from the other dimension
Also, that's a nice comic new kakala. Don't mind if we do
So far putting 10 points into intelligence just to have that slowdown effect. I'm I'm in full approval of it
All right, let's go turn in this quest and then we'll
Plant some we'll plant some plants and call it
Yeah, I guess I sleepy
Oh, I've been killing like
I woke up
I slept
I wandered around for three days and I like I've not stopped killing basically since
Oh a baseball bat and it's oak
That's nasty
How much damage does my oak base 56?
Fuck it's not quite as good and it's speed is slow. All right, I guess it's uh, stay wait there
No, no, no, wait, don't I want you to follow me extra come on
Mostly I didn't mean to talk to you
Oh, shit. I just went
No, I went back in the door that I just left
Oh, we're gonna have to sit through this loading screen a bunch of times
Damn it. You also got more experience
Yeah, I was looking up what the things did and I thought it would be fun to level up quickly and and hit things with an axe
Which is why I went with that intelligence
So far I approve of this. I approve of this play style
I don't want dark clothes is another same door open. That's what shut those are words chet lives his life by
I'm never been afraid to open and close doors
And I'll close another one to open another of the same one
Exactly activate chain
Chain activated yo, who's out here? Yo guys
Sorry, sorry about this
Oh, I'm sorry about that
Yo, who's around here?
People up here
You think this is a safe place to be there's an axe wielding maniac on the loose
And I should know because I am him
What's up?
What indeed is up?
Oh, they're over there. I'm running up the wrong thing. Oh, there's a guy up here. Hey, I found you
hag
Got your ass
Yeah agility. What the fuck everything's on fire
Yo, dude
Oh, don't do that to me
Ow, don't shoot my dog. You crazy
Good boy good boy
What carrot who else who else
Treated leather left leg that sounds like it's probably better excuse me
Who's shooting in my ass
My perception is too terrible for me to see what's going on
Who's in here?
Hey there. I noticed you have a gun. I'm an axe
Sorry about that
Yo, yo, excuse me. Give me your stuff a silver tablespoon
Fancy bitch
38 rounds
What's up?
What the hell is up?
Yo, dude. Ow crazy that you think you can do that
Give me that stuff you got and you up there
You stop that stop that doesn't feel nice
Just give me that give me that
Who there's
Oh, you raider scum you were accurately named
Do you shoot your mother with that gun? This is crazy
The only way to stop a bad guy is a good guy. Oh the gun is a good guy with an axe
I've always said that that's a classic american slogan and I live up to it
I jugga jugga low
Hello
You there. Ow full ass shotgun
What's up up here? Ow
All right, I am running into a man with a shotgun at sea, so maybe I should have a little help
What's up? I'm coming for you
Get some and get it again
That was you were scum as well
Raised girded leather right arm so many words on that
Is it normal to be this invincible? Probably not. I'd say I'm special
Oh, fuck. Yeah repair bobblehead
It's just that easy for me to find stuff
Because I'm an explorer and a man of science
From here. I can see the world
And it's not looking too good
The world's been in better shape. I think due to my careful selection of perks
I'm actually very well set up to take bullets to the face
Yeah, I was playing this on the ps5. It's the same game just you know on a ps5
I was playing a like a gun build like a
Handgun build
Maybe a little cowboy and he got fucked up by bullets console or she got fucked up by bullets constantly
So chat is chat is uh
Well-specked the take shotgun blasts to the face
Yeah, show some respect. Don't respect me though because I like I like using this axe
And also I don't think that's an option
Let's see
It's a rainy day in hell
That you thought you could stand a chance against me somebody's still alive
Yo, I spoke up on you
Sorry about that. I'm sneaky
You had a shot. Just kidding. Who's yet?
Fantastic Duke type
A dog ball. That's for you, buddy. Just kidding. It's a scrap
Hmm
That rookie's head was mine
Better luck next year once your head regrows or however that works
All right, the wastes are a little bit safer today
After a man with an axe killed 20 people. What's that? Joe? Um, sounds familiar. What's that?
Joe Beretta?
I'm not I'm well. I know a lot of joes. I didn't know all their last names
You might have done a thing at g4. I'm not sure
Do you guys remember Joe Beretta doing stuff with g4?
I
He did I've you know
Belated too many memories to remember
All right, we fast travel
It does sound familiar, but I can't place what it would have been exactly
Or you could google it Joe Beretta g4
Hmm
You only knows other stuff. Yeah, if you know if if this chat doesn't know then then I don't think there's anyone on the planet that knows
Oh, he was in a streamer squabble
You find those raiders
I took care of them
No kid
That's the best piece of news we've had around here. So we've been talking we decided if you came through for us
We want things to get better. We've got to start helping. So we're in you can count on
All right seems to be growing well
Well enough to take. All right. All right. All right. Now that I'm addicted to this game
Someone did say I need to go check out some farms
But we'll do that
Then we plant some crops then we're done. Oh my god, it's raining. I think there's so many beds
Get some sweet sleep chat
sleep sleeping
I feel so well rested
Now it's time for some early morning farming
Oh fuck
All I'm trying to do is farm
Where's mark? There they are. Okay. How is this the resources icon that that's kind of crazy
Because it looks like every other fucking icon brown
Oh, yeah, I have to enter the build
horns for the people
I have brought you the gift of corns
And the gift of a shitload of tato plants
That I stole from the other plants. I am a farmer now
farmer chet
Get farmed on. All right. Somebody go do that shit for me. You what are you doing?
You doing anything cool
We're questing. I know you're not get to fucking work
You are assigned
Ah, shit. I fucked it up. Did I sign you?
Oh, yeah, he's been assigned all of these are assigned
How much food the community has now? I did it for the people
All right
Just when you think you're safe, you're not
That death lawn conquered was bad news, huh mama?
You ever seen one of those suckers before?
All by myself. No power. I'm a fancy minigun
Just a pipe this who the hell is stopping you telling me you killed a death claw with one bullet
Come on. What do you take me for? It's true. I might not look at a back in the day
I had quite the shot. Yeah, or quite. I do feel strong like I just built shells. That's a great point scum
All right, what the hell it's relaxed dude. I'm here to tell you that a plant is starting to feel like home
Now that we can grow our own food
I think we can really make a go with this
Uh, the more we establish ourselves. I already took care of that. I'm I think about everything
I'm 10 steps ahead because I'm so intelligent everyone feel more secure here
I already did it Sturgis. Thanks for doing that. Well, I'll sleep better at night knowing we have some defenses set up
It's been a long rope
I had the hell I'd like to help. Well, I appreciate it. Of course, you know, you're welcome anytime
Shut up windows to shut the fuck up
He did
All right, where's my other guy?
Where's the other guy I got you there with the gun
I'm your king. I did what you said, you know that settlement you sent me to help
They've decided to join the minute men. That's great news. I knew you were the right person for the job
By the way, you should have one of these flare guns
You can use it to signal for help from any not much. I'm gonna need that but once we have more ally
I don't think I ever told
Oopsie, I don't know what he was asking
Um
If you're ready figured you'd tell me when you were ready. Have you heard of the Quincy massacre?
You guys came from Quincy, didn't you? That's right
Mama Murphy Sturgis putting it together
They were all from Quincy. I was with Colonel Hollis's group
That's cool story only ones that came
The other groups
They just turned their back only a few of us got out alive
Colonel, we never found a safe place to settle. You're born in Quincy one disaster after so sorry what happened to you in the minute
You saw how it ended and conquer, right?
Yeah, don't give up as long as you don't give up. I'm not about to give up
But I can't that's why I'm talking to you
I can't rebuild the Minutemen, but I think you can he understands that Chet's a superior leader
Thanks
That means a lot. I appreciate that
Does that mean you?
Yep. Okay. I'll do it. Good. Good. Don't worry. I'll be right beside you all the way. Oh, Chet's a general now
That's quite a promotion. The leader of the Minutemen has always held the rank of general
Our last leader was general Becker
After he died back in 82
Nobody had a one good thing about being the last Minutemen is there's no one now
It's your job to make it more than an empty a pack of ghouls has holed up near a settlement
I'm marking on your map
All the support we can get so yeah handled
I mean, I played it cool, but obviously I deserve to be general yet is I did that all by myself
I I'll take all the credit me. I did all that
Let's jump in this irradiated water and swim for our lives
Whoo, that's some good radiation in the morning
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah really dipping that. Okay. Nice feeling good
All right, we need to go south of the rocket and then we do eventually need to stop for the day
wild fruits
Did I hear something?
Something that demands a hatchet
48 hour stream starts now
Oh, I gotta sleep. I've been up for six days in game time
In fact, that's way past 48 hours
You smell anything dog meat?
Because your real name is big Edo and I'm offended that the game says it's not
End of that shitty town. Yeah, you got to convert for my timeline
It's a dimensional time dilation that you're experiencing. I understand the confusion. What the fuck is that noise?
Look at my map
Somewhere over here. I guess
I'll be going a little too far
To the east go west
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I see you
I gotta go west
Mr. West ooh flowers
Trees and flowers somebody left their whole bus out. What's up, bus?
Yo bugs leave this bus alone. Are you crazy?
You think I care about being slightly irradiated? Ah, man
Stop farting not farting radiation on my dogs with toaster. Oh, it's a cooler
A teddy bear
For my son. Oh, shit. I just remembered
My son is missing. My wife's dead as hell
Damn it. I get caught up murdering people and I forget
Northwest, uh, shit. I went too far. That looks like a farm building
There's a farm
maybe
Oh carrots carrots look weird in the future. Yo, what's the deal?
I've leveled up. Oh, I leveled up again. Just get it strong
It's like I can't even help it
Level 15
17 for that
Don't need to punch although that sounds fun
Level 22 for that shit of 31
Oh, yeah this
Fill up the forge and gain access to base level rank one melee weapon mines
That sounds like the kind of thing I should definitely
nailed it
Yo, what's this place? Anybody want to talk to me? I don't have a respectful conversation. Nice chair. It's a nice chair
I'll take all your cigarettes if you don't mind. It's that big telephone tower looking thing to the north. All right
Oh
That probably that let's just check what this is real quick
wrecked shipping fleet lockup
How wrecked is it?
I could see it possibly getting more wrecked. Whoa, what the hell?
That dude looks rough
Anybody home?
Excuse me
I'm a man of reason and means
barrel-gul-roamer
Sorry about your leg
I couldn't trust you
Damn, there was a lack of trust between us a baby relevance. Hey, who's messing with my dog?
You there
Ow
You fuck up my dog permanently. Dude, you got to get it together, dog
I need you. What's up here?
What's up, what's up
Yeah
Sorry about your arm jk. I meant to
I have so much stuff
Bring this on
We discovered that this area sucks
Oh shipping company and I am a navin. I'm immediately broke it
First try first try
first try
first try
Oh nice
I have so many guns. I need to sell come with me dog to the
Power
Hell it sucks. All right. Wait a minute. It's also kind of badass. What the fuck is happening?
Go on quickly to shelter against
Radiation lightning. Wow the future is not great
Lady Citrix, thanks so much for hanging out with me in this dimension. What's up, lady
Um, let me be a gentleman and try to remember how to put away my
Oopsie. That's the wrong button. Nope. All right. I want to kill her
Is it R?
Yeah, there we go. Hello miss
Want to notice there's a radiation storm
Okay, yeah, sure sure I got time to help out great doesn't have to be now but whenever you
Are there just melons sitting out these melons?
Those are to toe plans
Picking melons you don't have any melons to pick. Oh, they're there. Check this out. I'm a fucking master at this
Due to my strong intelligence
And strength to me picking the melons was nothing. What's up, dude?
That's close enough stranger. We're a peaceful farm. We don't want any trouble me too. I don't even have my axe out
Look, I'm friendly as hell. I'm friendly not looking to cause any trouble if you say so, but be warned
We're armed you
Let me tell you
Farmin ain't easy out in the field all day every day
and every
Hard work. It's hard work won't argue with that Blake Abinathy been ages since I've seen one
I don't care about any of this
Good to see a new face. How about you?
Uh-huh. Yep. I'm sure I'll give it a try something. Well, good luck to you. Maybe I'll see you at the diamond city
Word of advice though
White wall the hard work when you can just take what you want. Uh-huh
Sounds like bad news to me. You really are new to these
Best I'm bastard. Last time she hit us hit us. I got a mary tried to stand up to him
Now she's buried out back of the house. Sure. That's why we need the minute men back
That's terrible. Nothing worse. I'm sorry to hear you say. I don't have much to offer
But those raiders that killed mary. They took right if you could get it back
It didn't mean a lot to us
I took care of some raiders earlier. I think I found the locket you're talking about you serious
That's whatever the minute men need you can counter
Just like that
I work I've
He saved a whole settlement. That was my charisma at work there
I said listen up, dude. I fucking got what you need and hey there. We're both chill
Tell me what you did to us from mary. I know it's not much but any uh-huh. All right
Let me sell everything that doesn't
Seem remotely useful
Sort by value. Damn. Do I need my wife's wedding?
Question many a man has asked themselves
Compensate I don't like that gun. I'm not gonna use it. I don't smoke
Fuck all these pistols
This gun is my friend. This gun is a joke
Sorry baseball bat, but you kind of suck
And I don't know what armor is good or I would sell all that
I guess we'll just say that that's good enough
Confirmed traitor no problem
All right, and what didn't I pick a bunch of millions for somebody?
Nobody care about all the millions I picked. What the hell?
No one's pumped about these melons
Damn, nobody cares about the melons
Well, I got a shitload of melons now
Okay, I stole their melons. I'll plant them somewhere else. That's what farming is. Look at all the farming I did for these people
All right. Well, anyway, we did level up again. I kind of can't seem to stop becoming a powerful super being
protect myself
I'm modded out the wazoo
And I'm rooted
Yes, we're gonna probably eventually want this armor stuff too
so
Chet is inevitable. That's true. That's true that that happens to be how it is it seems
Can't do you yet? Can't do you yet? All right. Well, we like armors. We have to wear them
I'm an armor ward now
I'm an armored core of chet
All right, sick. Let me just real quick pull up my map and use the evil ancient power of teleporting
Sort of crushing this game easily it turns out all you need is 10 intel against and a bunch of strength
I'm sure it won't ever get harder and I'll eat my words
All right, let's we're gonna go to sleep now. So
You got to do a long I'm gonna sleep for about three days now. I'll see y'all later
Keep it be keeping it real
Chet was really going in today
Chet was going in
New save
Chet, thank you for all your hard work. This is a communication
Lodge deep in your interdimensional brain. Thanks so much. Huh? Who do you do out here?
I hear a voice from on high
Telling me that I rock and I I do feel that way
Chet, you did great. I fucking did it. I couldn't tell. Chet, you're killing it. I know I am
Obviously, but thanks
What a six on
All right. Well, that'll do us for today
Well, I'll um, I'll just be cleaning up the interdimensional vault. It's a little messy
Get all of the atrocities we've done in here over the
Interdimensional decades just kind of an infinity if you think about it
But we'll be back with with probably more news next stream
Um, unless I just can't resist the allure of smashing people with Chet's acts
I mean, I've been in a follow-up mood lately. What can I say? I am the follow-up boy
Looks like a dank sauce is playing grand theft auto five
Probably a more reasonable game to role play
So we'll raid him
Um, enjoy the sauce. It's a Chet raid. It's a Chet acts raid
But a non-lethal one fortunately
Have a great weekend if I don't see you this weekend on a random stream
I'll be back Monday
I think still with Cass. I think Fiona's still out of town
We'll figure it out. Maybe she'll remote in I don't know
Uh, the next week we'll do some more streams. Okay
Have a great one everybody and thank you all. Uh, as always for the support
In case I missed any while I was obsessed
Um, well for a ball Gengar and uh, Barry cranky. Thanks for the follows metalcast. Thank you for the resub
Microphone 900 app steve archangel. Thank you all for the resubs
Uh, it's gamma for the bits
And tamtran for the five as well as map for the resub
Uh and microphone for the 750. All right, that'll do us
Bye. Bye everybody. Have a good one. See you soon. We're in the interdimensional