I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
6, 5, 4...
Ooh, what's that Kendall?
Kendall immediately asking me a question right as I start.
Uh, what is this?
Oh, okay.
Um, Kendall's playing a game.
She's asking me about her character she's making.
Yes.
New intro?
Yeah, we got a new intro.
I feel like every year we might need a new one.
That seems about right.
Ooh, the hair.
Good enough.
Been trying to make Kendall play Dark Souls.
I can't see what game she's playing.
It's on her phone.
I don't think she's playing Dark Souls on her phone.
How many, how many intros have I had now?
Three? This is intro three.
Hmm.
Okay, the stream is booting up.
Phone Souls.
The Gerni World Championships.
Should I finally...
Get a sports correspondent?
What is the, what is the, I don't even know what Gerni is.
The wildest faces from the World Gerni Championships.
What is Gerni?
Is it a face thing?
Gerni is one of the most, one of the fairs.
Wait, okay.
What, a Gern or Chuck is a distorted facial expression
and a verb to describe the action.
Of Gerni.
Wait, not Gerni, Gooning?
I feel like I'm being misled by chat today.
I'm doing well, Matt.
Sammy could do sports.
I feel like he probably cares about that stuff.
Not that I don't love sports as well as a sports male who loves it.
Is there a Gooning World Championship?
I'm gonna Google this, but I can't show you the results.
Gooning World Championship.
I don't know if we can cover that.
There's a t-shirt.
There's a Gooning World Championship t-shirt.
But I don't think there's an official competition yet.
Sounds like that could be the new streamer boxing.
Hosted by yours truly.
All the hottest streamers.
Who Goons the best?
Will, I know we haven't talked in a bit.
But come on, buddy.
You know you want to go in on the World Gooning Championships with me.
That's a 1 in 2010.
That was back in the old internet.
I miss internet 2.0.
Yeah, we can look at the Gerni.
The Gerni Championships do seem to be a thing.
Much like Metal Chaos has been a thing for 19 months.
A thing on the stream of supporting me.
Thank you so much.
Gerni sounds like rotating your grip while Gooning.
It turns out it's rotating your face.
It's when the Gooning hits too good.
Metal Chaos, thanks so much for the 19 months.
It feels like I'm looking up porn when I type in
Gerni World Championship.
But it turns out it's extremely wholesome.
So it hasn't happened yet.
Or at least, oh my.
Speaking of Gooning.
Our customary hype train to start us off.
I'm trying to look up when, before I get to the hype train.
Oh my god, Giggle Trash, you maniac.
Five nasty news warriors have been added to the table.
Whoa, look at all these graphics popping off.
Oh my god.
Okay, the Gerni World Championship did happen.
I'm just having trouble finding videos.
But before we get into that, it does appear that there is a hype train.
Aggressively attacking the stream currently.
Hype train, what do you have to say for yourself?
I don't say nothing about myself.
All I do is talk about people.
And how I have their souls trapped in my caboose.
You don't even have a caboose.
I've got their souls in my caboose.
Hype train, things are looking a little off at the start of this stream, courtesy of you.
Things are looking great.
What have I ever looked off case?
Feel great.
Feel great.
Um, yeah, I see that New York post article.
I was just trying to find a video.
Look at all this. Can you thank the people hype train?
I can, but I need a beat probably.
Get me a Gerni World Championship.
I'm a huge fan of the Gerni World Championship.
The Gerni Championship.
Oh my gosh, look at this little guy go Pepito.
Calm down, buddy.
Okay.
Oh man, I'm walking to this green room.
I accidentally walked into this green room case.
My bad.
Pepito, you need to be at your station.
There's a whole stream to run.
I'm back now.
Got a new white jacket on.
Decided to differentiate myself from you a little bit, case.
Yeah, are you going gray?
My jacket's going gray, but I still have luscious hair.
A new new coat indeed.
Yeah. I feel like I look better than ever.
Go get the hype train a gooning beat, case.
There's work to do.
That's true. We do need to thank all of these people for the generous support.
Sincerely appreciate it.
Let's find the hype train a gooning beat, I guess.
Classic gooning beat like goon trap beats.
How's this a gooning beat?
What makes it so goon?
I'll tell you what makes it goon.
Case, you don't understand what gooning even is.
It's not about, it's not even about love.
It's about dedication, yeah.
Wake up in the morning and it's 5 a.m.
Take a look at my world war hand.
God damn, look how I span every minute down with my hand and my pants.
I'm not a quitter.
I'm just an infinite heater.
I will use them on the spitter.
Every day I feel like I'm getting a little thin because I goon, goon all day long.
Gooning's so hard but I know what's wrong and as I'm gooning I'm looking at my friends.
Come on, they give them support. They wanna see my gooning get done.
What up? We got the beats.
Let's give a shout out to the gooners in the streets.
We got metal chaos.
Gooning like a boss, 19 months, he's the son.
He's never lost.
Get the trash and he's kicking the ass.
He know he's gooning off the can maybe he can't handle it.
Apple devil with the hundred bits.
Gooning off the top, yeah, you know we getting lit.
We got metal chaos and lost in the south.
Goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon, goon.
Cycle with the one bit, scummer with the hundred.
Apple devil with the hundred.
We got jessin' with the hundred and a hundred and what?
One hundred hours I been rubbing my butt.
I'm fucking gooning and I'm rubbing my ass.
Like I'm teaching a class.
At the front of the class in the dunce camp is the gooning badass.
The week you over at the 17s, storm burn 92 with the 23s.
347 with the 21, gooning all day maybe I would never done you know that.
I left the go until I'm ready to week.
You know that I've been gooning in the streets.
I'm the only one brave enough to goon publicly.
You can go to your left and you'll see me with the fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat.
Gooning machine gun, you know that I'm strapped, I never stopped.
Maybe it's all lost.
Goon 24-7, yeah I'm a boss, the gooning boss.
The gooning boss.
Okay, calm down.
Thanks so much for the support.
Feeding me all of these subs supports me becoming the gooning world champion.
And I know that that's really at the end of the day what everybody wants, case.
I don't, I think they're just subbing to the stream.
That's where you're on.
And that's where he's wrong, chap.
100% to support my gooning dreams.
10 days.
My friend came over while I was just trying to do one day.
He said, I'm the best gooning in the world.
Hype train, what the fuck did you say?
I said no way.
Baby, what's your fucking record?
He said, sorry hype train, I do it better.
I've been going the whole time that we were fucking talking.
Meanwhile, you were too busy fucking losing.
Losing.
You fell off the goon to talk to me, but I was still doing so easily.
You know, I'm the gooning champion, you see?
And I was banished to hell because I goon pulled me.
And that's the tragedy of the time I wasn't the best gooner, case.
The whole song was about how you're the best gooner,
and then you contradicted yourself.
The song goes sometimes.
Okay.
But storytelling, case.
I don't know if that counts as that hype train.
Yeah, it did.
Okay, well, are you still alive?
I'm well supported.
Do I need to re-explain the whole thing?
No, I get it.
You're gooning and it keeps you alive.
Well, the hype keeps me alive.
And while I'm living, I'm gooning.
You don't have genitals, you've made this clear.
Gooning isn't not about that case.
I think it is.
Nope.
Okay, well, let's get into the news.
I think he'll be dead soon.
No, don't say that.
I think he'll be...
He can't last that much longer.
I just got one bit from Diggle Trash.
That'll keep you going for another 20 minutes.
No, it won't.
Maybe it will.
Okay, let's get into some news while this hype train settles down
from its... whatever it's been doing.
I guess gooning.
Let's see what's going on in the world.
Let's get right into some really depressing news
just to give ourselves a whiplash.
Let's news time.
You spoke way too soon, case.
This hype train's popping off.
The hype train is popping off today.
Damn trend, you're insane for that one.
It's your best friend, Rick.
Excellent job.
See, case, there's no need to talk about any Middle Eastern conflicts.
Let's just not do that.
I do think we should not do that while all of these graphics are going off.
Thank you, I demanded that case.
Get me my own jacket.
Well, actually every co-anchor now has that jacket, so...
What?
Sorry.
I didn't get my own thing.
Hmm.
No?
Okay, so what are we talking about?
Let's talk about the gooning championships.
Let's get into some gooning today.
Really? I don't have to talk about like... wars?
I did think you were going to have to,
but it turns out let's talk about gooning.
Uh... okay.
Well, you know, across the nation and the world, people are making all sorts of faces.
Some of them probably not very nice,
but one place where we're having fun making faces, fortunately,
is the classic world of gooning.
Yeah, this is breaking news to me.
I had no idea that this even existed.
But it turns out, probably just very recently, there was the gooning world championships.
Alright, let's get into it.
Hmm, hmm.
There it is.
There's a classic girner.
The girn-off.
Ooh, Live and Sleazy sounded like a Flounday YouTube video for it, too.
As always, the only one doing any research, fortunately.
Live and Sleazy.
Here to help us gurn.
We're learning and gurning today.
Let's give ourselves a little bit of a fact dump,
and then we'll get into the main event.
Okay, videos of guys making crazy faces.
Hey, guys, hit me with your best gurn.
I feel like I need to see the experts do it to even really get what it is.
Dang, Sauce, thank you so much for the tier one sub gifted to SnapJ Duncan.
The case still has listing your total number of subs,
so thank you for all the support over the last two years now, Case.
Wow, two years you've been doing this.
You proud of yourself?
I mean, I'm proud of myself just for doing a thing over time.
That's what else are you ever proud of?
I don't know.
He were luck.
Okay, he's being weird today.
That's fine. That's normal.
There's a girner.
The wildest faces from the Gurning World Championship.
Rubberface Tommy Mattinson won the World Gurning Championship
for a record 19th time and vowed,
I want to win 30.
Wait, he's won 19.
How many of these things have there been?
Can you snarl?
I think, well, it has to be crazy snarl.
It sounds like Gurning is all about really crazy faces.
Hmm.
Okay, Tommy 52 beat off...
stiff competition.
To take home the crown in the men's category,
while Clark-Claire Lister, 37, won the woman's category
for an eighth consecutive time,
Claire's daughter Kendall, hey,
was named championship in the junior category
of the wacky competition held annually
in Egremont, Cumbria.
A lot of combs and beating off going on in the story.
It's Cumbria.
Let's take a look at some...
Let's take a look at some Gurning.
There's a lot of pictures here.
You're missing all the pictures.
Well...
That was not my fault, Kasey.
You didn't get that on that little screen.
Here's Tommy Mattinson on stage with his trophy,
with the women's winner, Claire Lister,
competitors compete in the World Gurning Championship.
There's still some men and a women's winner.
Well, look, I don't want to say anything controversial,
but...
Actually, just men aren't as good at making
Gurning faces as women, so it's not fair
if women and men compete in the same category.
Oh, due to the natural genetic advantage
that women have making Gurning faces.
Listen, I know it's controversial,
but I'm just saying women are better at Gurning than men.
Kasey's really trying to start something today.
Also, did we even think Tamtran for the five community subs?
I got so distracted, I think we did,
but maybe we didn't, if we didn't.
Thank you again.
Oh, just in time for the hype train
to die quietly somewhere offscreen.
Somewhere the hype train has tragically
perished once again,
marking its...
200th death,
but Tamtran, you did the Lord's work
trying to keep that poor train going,
and Gurning or Gooning or whatever it was doing.
These two are making crazy faces,
and he's apparently the best, and she's the best lady.
These guys that don't get confused,
these are Gurning t-shirts.
Keep calm and Gurn on.
There's another Gurning face.
Just trying to provide the facts here.
Here's another fact.
There's another Gurning face.
Fact number three, this is also a Gurning face.
And in case you're wondering,
this is a Gurning face.
Is that clear?
It's very clear, Rick.
So just be Wayne Newton.
Want to see my Gurning face, Case?
Sure.
Got to warm it up.
Pretty good, right?
That was awful, Rick.
What? Why are you so hateful?
I just mean, come on, you're seeing the best in the world,
and that's the best Gurning you've got for us?
Let me try again.
Excuse me?
Those are soy faces, Rick.
What?
Look, I don't even like that term.
But you're not making Gurning faces, okay?
Don't try to pass off your soy faces as Gurning faces.
How about this?
Oh, you can do better?
I don't know, it might be hard, let's see.
Damn it, my beard is hiding out.
You got to go under.
They're not very good either, honestly.
But I did better than you.
That sucked. I did a scrinch up.
How about this? How's that?
The most depressing story we've covered in a while.
Well, we were just not Gurners, okay?
That's why you got to leave it to the professionals.
You smell toast?
You might smell toast.
Here's another Gurner.
And of course, in case you're wondering, these are also Gurners.
These are some of the best, holy shit.
What the hell?
I guess he has dentures?
No, those are his natural teeth.
He's just that good at Gurning.
Great.
Case's Gurning face.
Yeah, don't rate the faces on screen.
You have to rate my Gurning face.
And I do think a 2 is fair.
But I also think yours was a 0, Rick.
Oh, what?
It's not a competition.
Well, it was literally a competition, but not for us.
A lot of 2s coming in.
And an F.
So, who's bad at Gurning now?
Both of us, Rick. Both of us.
Hmm.
That's all the Gurning faces.
But we have a Gurning video thing, so live and sleazy.
Let's see how they even get there.
A 3.38.
How does it feel, case, you love to dole out these ratings?
Well, now you got a 3.38.
That's just how it crumbles sometimes.
They can't all be winners.
Gurning is the new Mewing?
Well, let's Mew away.
Oh!
Amazing.
Amazing.
Amazing.
One.
How do they get their faces in?
How do they scrinch their faces in?
What the hell?
Whoa!
Are they in a toilet?
He's using an insert.
That's more of a case-level Gurn, but it is a child.
What the f-
Okay, that's not that great.
I'm getting judgmental on these Gurns.
That's basically just a wink.
Okay, now that's a Gurn.
That's a Gurn.
He didn't win?
Yes, gentlemen, unappear in spiritual, clearly.
Hey, Kendall.
Oh, wait, you can't. Never mind.
It's going to see if you wanted to come show us your best Gurning face.
It's where people make really crazy faces.
He says she can't.
Her face is too naturally symmetrical.
She can't do this.
It's for weirdos like you, case.
You should be better at Gurning than this.
Well, you know, their faces are very elastic.
And I can't claim to have that particular skill.
Then stop claiming to.
When people are putting in the work like this.
Oh!
Okay, that's...
Not all Gurners are created equal.
Why do they have like a bowl handler?
I'm glad that they have a sponsored Gurning helmet.
I keep forgetting the name.
It's right there, Gurning.
I want to say Grunning for some reason.
So I actually feel you there.
You think to help them not cramp up?
Oh, yeah, I guess you could like stress the neck muscles.
I can't flatten my face enough.
I want to Gurn better.
But I don't know.
I think I need to not have a beard.
Ah, no, I don't have it in me.
Just stop trying.
You don't have the gift.
Sometimes you try it for the football team and the coach says.
Stick to playing magic.
Oh, I need a Gurn filter.
Nah, that's cheating.
This is a serious competition.
Don't use performance enhancing filters, case.
This entire thing seems like someone based in a make fun of a stupid ugly people vibe.
Kind of.
Yeah, I guess so.
Although it's more like old guys trying to do like out weird face each other.
I feel like it's I feel like it's more so weird looking people trying to out weird each other.
That doesn't necessarily make it a healthier activity.
Now he's profaning the art of Gurning.
It can't anything be just nice case.
Uh, heading a dog.
Hmm, that's his one nice thing.
Okay, well, I'm talking about the Middle East.
Oh, man.
Hmm.
Oh, my.
Oh, we talking about that.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We talking about that after Gurning.
Let's talk about it.
Okay.
A Gurnoff will bring peace to the Middle East.
If that's what it takes, then it wasn't really as hard as we were as everyone was making it sound.
If the solution was was Gurning all along.
Then I feel like we owe the universe an apology.
All right.
Sometimes you just got to go straight from Gurning into talking about the Middle East.
You know what can you do?
Mid Israel has more strikes.
Lebanon says only the US can stop the fighting.
Summary.
Israel kills Hezbollah commander in Beirut.
Lebanese health ministry says two day death toll is.
Pretty hot.
We'll call it an aggressively high number.
It says 569.
UN Security Council meet Wednesday.
Fears of a wider conflict are growing.
Before we get into this, I'd really just love to say,
I feel like we're discounting that in a sense,
right now Israel is sort of a disruptor.
What do you mean?
In the corporate cool sense.
In the corporate cool sense?
No one's ever thought of this strategy before.
They are escalating to.
Deescalate.
We've been thinking in this little silly box that deescalation means deescalation.
But what if you take the DE off escalation or just the D and it turns out escalation was hiding in deescalation all along.
And sometimes what you have to do is the opposite of the thing you're trying to do.
And then that eventually will do the thing that you meant to do.
Anyway, that's their new strategy.
So I just would like to point that out.
They kill everyone the war ends.
I didn't say that.
In fact, you just said that.
Well, I read it in chat.
Banzai bullfrog, thank you for the 23 months.
You see escalating to 23 months, but eventually they'll deescalate to zero months once they get sick of your stupid ass case.
Rick, don't try to chat me right now.
You don't have the machismo of chat to pull off being mean to me.
Damn.
I'm sorry.
September 24th an Israeli airstrike on Beirut killed a senior Hezbollah commander on Tuesday as cross-border rockets attacks by both sides increased fears of a full-fledged war in the Middle East.
And Lebanon said only Washington could help end the fighting.
Hezbollah early on Wednesday confirmed a senior commander.
Ibrahim Qubaisi, probably said that wrong, apologies, was killed by Israeli airstrikes on Tuesday on the Lebanese capital as Israel announced earlier.
Israel said Qubaisi maybe?
Head of the group's missile and rocket force.
Israel's offensive since Monday morning has killed 569 people, including 50,000.
Children?
Well, yeah.
And wounded a 1,835 in Lebanon health minister, Faras Abaid told Al-Jazeera, Mubashir TV, the new offensive against Hezbollah had stoked fears that nearly a year of conflict between Israel and the militant Palestinian group, see, look, only one of them was just called militant their case.
You've got Israel, no adjectives, and the militant Palestinian group Hamas.
So who's really at fault here?
The innocent country that doesn't have adjectives or the militant group that does?
Militant Palestinian, okay.
I'm just asking questions.
Yes, Rick, you're asking really incisive questions.
Why do I think Rick would be more comfortable reading trashy romance novels?
I would love to do that.
Which should be transitioned into that right away.
You're the one who said you needed to talk about this.
I have a quota of news information to spread across the various outlets I appear on.
What other outlets do you appear on?
Little Jimmy's News Bomb.
Tommy the News Mountain Thomas.
What are these?
These are the other Twitch channels I appear on.
Comey-InformedGunk.
Comey-InformedGunk?
CIG?
They do news mostly.
It's very similar to your station.
Comey-InformedGunk.
I also appear on that.
Oh, and TMZ, of course, man.
I always forget that I appear on TMZ.
Why is it called Comey-InformedGunk?
Well, it's a Gooning News station.
They do news and they goon.
It's actually split focus.
You stay informed, but you don't lose the goon.
We've done too much gooning today, Rick. Can we please move on?
Well, what we're moving on to is more pretty difficult and unpleasant news.
Well, you know...
Britain urged its nationals to leave Lebanon and said it was moving 700 troops to Cyprus to help its citizens evacuate.
The UN Security Council said it would meet on Wednesday to discuss the conflict.
Lebanon is at the brink, the people of Lebanon, the people of Israel,
and the people of the world cannot afford Lebanon to become another Gaza.
UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said,
and then we sent a couple, we sent maybe like a little aircraft carrier over there.
So we're taking this very seriously.
We've sent a bunch of troops.
We're taking it so seriously that we'll just sort of participate.
News while gooning? What is this, Japan?
I mean, the Japanese are great at a lot of things.
Sky Fox?
Oh, I do also appear on Fox.
Why did you list the dumbest channels I've ever heard and not Fox and TMZ?
Well, I think you just explained it, basically.
Okay, anyway, um...
Look, we could talk about this all day, but...
But I mean, I just know that you have nothing of value to add, so...
And you, you do, Rick?
Well, you know, I'm just here to lightly remind us that a lot of unpleasant things exist in the world.
But the key of that is light, lightly, so...
Who are we even supposed to hold accountable for this?
It's just so complicated no one can tell.
You could blame the United States for arming them.
But also you could blame the gods for being petty and cruel, like in the show Hercules.
Just saying you could... there's a lot of blame to go around.
Okay, well, Rick also appears on...
Bright Bart We Ask Israel to Calm Down and then Sent a New Shipment of Bombs.
We do keep saying that we're doing everything we can, although I think...
In the last couple days, the Biden administration...
Still fun that it's still a Biden administration.
It is important to remind people, Joe Biden is still your president.
Don't get confused by that you're not seeing him or hearing from him ever.
He's still really in there.
And, um... anyway...
Over the last couple days, the White House has basically said,
Yeah, we're not really going to reach a ceasefire at this point.
On the timetable we were expecting.
And the timetable we were expecting was, we're trying our best, don't rush us.
So unfortunately we've had to scale back the timetable from,
We're trying our best, don't rush us to...
Isn't it a shame we actually made breakfast almost in the...
But then we dropped it. We actually flipped the pancakes right out of the pan.
And they're on the ground. And we're out of pancake mix.
And we don't know when we'll have time to go get more from the store.
So just no pancakes do still theoretically exist,
But breakfast might not be happening ever.
Or alternatively we'll keep this breakfast cooking...
Just, this is the new normal.
Is us kind of constantly cooking and dropping our breakfast.
And then this will never stop.
Anyway, that's what the new threat level is at.
Okay, whatever, Rick. That didn't make any sense.
Well, it may, but if you understand international politics actually.
Sorry, I'm just speaking at a really elevated level here.
So if it seems confusing and like I'm rambling,
it's just because this again is an extremely complicated situation that...
It's just no easy solution to...
Okay, well thanks for covering the GERNING news.
And then, you know, less thanks for the rest of it, Rick.
You only understand color-based threat levels.
Okay, let's get a color meter actually.
Let's see.
Hmm, great.
So, sorry, this is a little low res, but...
If 10,000 degrees Kelvin is...
We've achieved peace.
There's a safe two-state solution.
The Middle East is finally at an equilibrium where there's no active conflicts.
And red is...
Oopsie, there's an all-out war that could potentially drag the entire globe into it.
I'd say we're at a comfortable warm daylight.
So just think of it that way actually.
It's kind of the soothing color that you'd sort of want to relax to at night.
And it does represent imminent potential all-out war.
But keep in mind it's also a very soothing color.
So just keep that in mind.
We're currently at the soothing threat level of warm, warm, warm, warm, warm, yellow.
Of imminent potential all-out war, warm, yellow.
Okay, Rick. Thanks so much.
Yep, and that's all you need to think about for that week.
So just...
Rank goes off. Great. Love to see it.
And I'll probably see you sooner than I'd like. Bye-bye.
Mustard only? Yeah, mustard levels.
They should just make an all-yellow threat level.
It's off-yellow. It's warm-yellow. It's mustard-yellow.
If it's all-yellow, then at least you can always say it's yellow, whether it's good or bad.
You only resp- or an all-purple one.
Unfortunately today we've reached a royal purple threat level.
Not to be confused with yesterday's off-move, a hollandaise threat level, ooh, or just a condiment-based series of threat descriptions.
Could also be a lot of fun. A lot of fun for the people.
We're having fun.
Hey, I do like your new code at least, Pepita.
Thank you. It's my own design.
My own design. What the? I burped.
It's because I ate a bunch of golf balls.
Four. I could putt my barfing.
So that's fun. All right.
Four balls? No, I weigh more than four.
I ate a big one of those buckets.
I stole a guy at a driving range's bucket of balls.
And I thought, this is like a big old bucket of hard popcorn that's white and yellow.
You know.
Ukeballs. Yeah.
How many calories?
Very calorie. It's actually like broccoli- it's like celery. It's actually negative calories.
So I just can't keep weight on weight, like, cause I keep eating golf balls.
You're getting support in chat. Never stop being you.
I literally can't.
Okay. Let's send it down a trend who's standing by at the movies.
Well, let's do a little movie stuff.
And then we'll do a little music stuff.
And who knows what else we'll get into today.
But for the time being, it's movie time.
Yes. How come I don't get a new fucking code?
Did you get a new code? I didn't get a new code either.
What's with that?
I demand a new code.
And me too. You took- no, I get a new code. You get the same old code.
How come only you get a new code? Cause I'm young and vivacious.
And you're old and must accept your lot in life, Chris.
Damn, that's actually kind of true, young blood. I do think I honestly-
It's a little too needy. I'd love to work on that.
I think the most peaceful- the man who's the most at peace with himself is essentially the freest of all.
That's my pirate dream.
Your pirate dream is boring as shit, dude.
Luffy like punches people in shit. He's not at peace at all.
I would argue Luffy is at peace. He just- his version of peace is a little violent.
Dude, you don't get Luffy. Alright, let's see. What's going on with the-
Why can't they all have nice new codes? That's a great question.
And I love a clear answer. Exclamation Boy O is how you inform case.
How you inform me of cases unjustified thinking, not giving all of us nice new codes.
It's Trailer Thursday, though. That's the main thing.
Well, it is Tuesday. Yeah, but they both start with T, so, you know, basically, they're the same day.
That's kind of a really crazy way to think about that, but whatever.
Your options are Obama, because, because.
Because case spends the money on crack. That's a big accusation.
Yeah, but I do believe it immediately.
Case is saying the budget for Backfeed coming back.
Oh, maybe he's starting a secondary news show.
That does sound like him. He might just start a whole second one.
Or Papito eats them. That one does sound the most legitimate.
Exclamation Boy 1 through 5 is how you vote for those.
Maybe he did buy you one. It's that dang Papito.
Don't say mean shit about Papito, dude. He's doing his best.
It's a tie. It's a straight up tie between Obama and Papito eating them.
Interesting that Obama is still influencing the world like this.
I thought, you know, once he was president, we'd probably stop blaming him for not having new coats.
Dude, you're forgetting what it was like in like 2015.
Dude, know every time you didn't have a new coat, you're like fucking Obama.
You have 16 active viewers. Dude, these viewers are active today.
All 16 of them have been nuts.
We got 16 of the best viewers in the game.
I actually like all of the viewers, and that's why I'm a better guy than Chris.
However many there is, I like all of them.
Let's listen. Let's learn about the panda plan.
Look, international politics may be crazy.
We might not know what to do with the world or ourselves.
But maybe what we needed all along was a panda plan, and that's what this film is, I'm assuming, about.
Oh, is he playing himself?
He's finally playing himself.
It does. No, the panda's real, I'm pretty sure.
It's a real panda for sure.
That's a passion project for him.
He's been trying to get the panda plan made since like 1978.
So it's such a relief that he finally, you know, got to a status where they allowed him to make the film, The Panda Plan.
That's true. It's been Jackie Chan's lifelong dream.
Ever since he was born, he says, someday I'll make a movie where I'm playing myself as a celebrity and there's a panda.
And then, what was the plot?
I'm assuming the bad guys want the panda because pandas are rare.
And that very realistic panda is the prize that they've been searching for.
Let's just take a look at this beautiful panda one more time.
Slow this down for everybody so you can really appreciate the work that goes in to making these pandas look just so incredible.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, here we go.
Let's run it back real, just real quick.
And there he is doing his, honestly, what looks like a pretty good gurning face to me.
That's Gurning Fu.
This is a reminder that he's a renowned Kung Fu actor, which was obvious.
And there's the panda. There's the main event.
That thing is so rare to get and they did put it at huge risk for this film.
This is a real panda that they just made do so many stunts.
You can see his realistic of physics there because he's real.
There he is again looking incredible.
And that's the real star of the show is they had to go through six or seven pandas because they just kept fucking their bones kept breaking in a little bits and shit because they're, you know, they're not trained like Jackie Chan is.
They throw them off cliffs and shit and be like just laying panda and they'd hope they learned on the way down, but they wouldn't.
That's unfortunately true. They probably burned through about nine or 10 little pandas just to make that film.
Yeah, but that's the price it takes to make like a dream come true for like a classic actor like Jackie Chan.
Like you're not going to just say no to him. You're going to line those panda babies up.
You're going to throw them wherever they need to be.
So now you got to like junk kick them for the shot.
And look, I'm not in favor of animal abuse.
I'm just in favor of animal actors committing.
And you can never start too young teaching a panda how to act.
Yeah, they got to start younger. They'll never learn to act and then they'll never fuck.
You have to actually make them a celebrity so that they're hot.
And that's how you get pandas to have sex for once.
We're actually in total agreement here.
Everything you're saying is very smart.
Pandas are a renewable resource actually, but only if you make them sexy celebrities so that the other pandas are interested.
And this the sacrifices that Jackie Chan's willing to make a total.
A total Gernfue master in my opinion.
Okay. There's a bunch of video game trailers as someone was kind of point out in chat.
I guess from today's state of play, what is the state of play?
Well, you're younger than me. You should know young blood.
But you're older than me. So you're it's your responsibility actually to define the state of which we play.
And I'm like barely even old enough to vote.
So what? How come you're so uninvested?
What are you talking about? What are you talking about?
Video games.
Oh, okay. Yeah. Let's watch a trailer for one of those then.
Play please. There we go.
Oh, uh-oh.
I'll be on the edge of Japan.
Something's gone wrong with their castle.
Welcome north to disappear.
They are beyond it.
Oh, shit. It just became color.
You are hunting.
Hey, so wolf.
Haru!
Every ron in here is after you.
You're the hunter.
Based on that mask, dude. Yeah.
Yeah, Roman Reigns is there.
I think that's what I picked up from that speech.
Sometimes you gotta get a new samurai.
That's just how it goes.
Look at these skin-o-matics.
Cowboy, shamisen.
Uh-oh, another wolf.
Getting wolfed out today.
Become friends.
Come on, become best friends.
They did.
They fucking did.
That's all it takes sometimes to become best friends is a breeze.
E-H-O-S-T.
Dude, those PlayStation's are a good jump scare every time.
They- that's like the scariest one.
The GameCube one was kinda nice.
The PlayStation one fucking scares me.
Oh, the little doodle doodle doodle doodump.
Yeah, that one was kinda gentle.
But the PlayStation one, PlayStation fucking scares me every time.
It's pronounced g-host, I see.
I thought it was like the G-H original soundtrack
for whatever G-H stands for.
Gun-Humper?
Why would it be Gun-Humper?
It's about Samurai's.
I don't know.
It's obviously ghosts.
Ghost is what it is.
Oh, shit.
Maybe.
Okay, Hell Is Us
is another thing that could be a game.
This one could be a game, too.
It is. It's- it already played the PlayStation noise, Trent.
But what if it's a PlayStation movie, dude?
I mean, I'm not gonna judge a book before I've read the movie.
What?
Just shut up, dude. We gotta watch this.
I don't remember when it happened.
But I remember how I felt.
Father told us to hide when they came to our house.
Apart from what?
Get more ghosts?
They took him away.
Uh-oh, ghosts of wars?
I couldn't play outside anymore.
Everyone had fled.
Country was sick.
They're always said monsters didn't exist.
I thought they lived under my bed.
What the hell?
They were both wrong.
They lived inside our house.
Looks like they live in the sewer.
A ghost sword?
Hell Is Us.
Hell Isus?
Oh, shit. Was that about Isus all along?
It's Hell Is Us.
You gotta start learning to read, young blood.
You're too old to not read.
Hell Isus.
Damn, dude.
We're bringing back Isus.
Hell Is Us.
Yeah, we're saying the same thing.
Oh, man, that's just a disappointment.
What?
Oh, Kendall's gotta walk by, so I gotta...
Do this again?
Do this again?
Look, it's a Boglan.
It's a...
Okay.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'm gonna mess with you. What the fuck?
I don't know.
What the fuck?
You said more. I was trying to...
Oh, my God.
I was trying to find an alternative for you.
She doesn't want to be seen today.
Kendall does not want to be seen.
And I'm respecting her wishes using my good friend here, the Boglan.
Or Groglin, which is it?
I think it's supposed to be a Groglin for valid reasons.
Ghost Kendall, because Kendall is living up to the theme of GHOST.
What is with you in spelling today, young blood?
What?
I just have a fertile mind and I love to spell.
All right, let's do one more game trailer.
Monster Hunter Wilds or Alan Wake 2.
I have no skin in this fight, so...
Let's go with the one with Monster in the title.
I do like a good monster.
Speaking of, that last game looked good, but was it gonna have the same ghost for the whole game?
That is a good question.
The design on that ghost was like, oh, that's a pretty good one-off enemy.
And then it looked like there were gonna be mostly that one faceless ghost thing for like the whole time.
Yeah, like sort of the design of like a bleach monster, but like a background one.
Like one of the background monsters in Oeco Mundo.
Yeah, it does look like they might kind of just be going full.
We made the whole game fighting putties, but...
Sometimes you just don't have time to design more than one type of enemy.
That's how it goes.
Sometimes it's gotta be all putties.
Anyway, let's check out Monster Hunter Wilds, cause...
That's what the people demand.
Reverie Wolf, we got your back.
It's monster time.
Oh shit, they got me again.
I was still hoping that I imagined the whole thing...
...permed into my mind.
So, Captain, what's your team been getting up to?
I bet they're hunting monsters.
They give special assignments to some of the other units from the expedition.
Mine include.
This forest is amazing.
Oh, whoa.
There's so much more rain than there used to be.
Oh, get monstered, idiot.
This is territory.
This is territory.
We're in truce.
Oh!
That's pretty fun.
Look at this beautiful land of stuff you can murder.
There could be grovelins.
What the...
Those are kind of grovelins.
Those are furry grovelins.
Oh shit, can you play as the cats?
Say, heal me meow meow.
Heal me meow meow.
White Wraith.
White Wraith.
It seems we must do a more thorough investigation.
I could...
Maybe Kendall will play this if it's got enough cats.
Stink species for a hunter.
Can we play monster hunt?
Kendall's played monster hunter.
Ah, sick.
Oh shit!
Jesus!
Why do they make these trailers so jump scary?
That was nice.
I like how they included a lot of the plot,
because I mostly play the monster hunter games for the plot.
What's the plot?
In the last one I played, there's like a big monster.
And...
It's like hard to take it down, it's so big.
That's really quite a story.
Yeah man, it's crazy.
It's like...
And then there were a couple other...
There's one that was the biggest, but then there were other ones.
And then...
Could be that one, and then there's other ones that aren't as big,
but they got like more glowy stuff in them and stuff.
And it's fucking crazy.
It's like a story for the ages.
Looks like we got a how-to coming in today.
The plot is monster kill humans.
Humans kill monster, and the cycle continues.
Sometimes I did feel like I was sort of torturing the monsters,
because they'd kind of just be hanging out.
And I would walk up and I would pretty much mug them to death,
and steal their bones.
That sounds a little...
Maybe that's sending a weird message.
Well the monsters are like...
They're like...
They're definitely look like monsters, so...
A certain dominance.
Yeah, you do have no choice.
If a thing looks enough like a monster, it's up to something.
So, it's something you gotta...
Hate it with a sword about 600 times, till it...
Slops over and then you...
Steal us like eyes and shit.
Parking says,
But you kill them, then their blood runs down to the core of the planet.
Espiso knew monsters.
And that's the life stream.
And that's why oil is such an important part of our ecosystem.
Do you know what you think about it?
Donosaurs?
His cars.
It's not my point exactly, but...
Sort of that's the story of Monster Hunter and...
And the end of the United States is that dinosaurs is cars.
And that's why...
Really at the end of the day,
You gotta think the lizards.
Yeah, they're oil.
So they're not cars, but cars are oil.
Or nuggets.
Counterpoint.
Well, sometimes, obviously nuggets are shaped like dinosaurs.
So, that's beyond dispute.
Anyway, that's enough of enough of the trailers today.
Some of those were movies and some of them were games.
And I do have to leave it to you to try to pick which was which.
Only one was a movie.
And also, it wasn't one just...
No one was a movie.
I forgot. I forgot.
I thought for a second I did think, wait, was Panda playing a game?
And that's why that Panda looked like that.
And then I remembered it's a real Panda.
Oh, you posted a one minute video in the back feed news you should play.
It's Monster Hunter Cat related.
All right, let's do that before we go, actually.
Because I am curious as hell, actually.
This is the Monster Hunter World Mew Meowskiller Chef cutscenes.
So far.
So far.
Are they still updating the cat cutscenes in this game?
Cat cutscene DLC incoming?
Look, it says so far, dude.
I know what you want from me.
Just some attic.
Thank you for the 22 months.
And in honor of your incredible achievement of Streak,
let us watch these cats do their fucking thing.
I'm excited.
Look at these industrious bastards go.
Wait, Kendall, do you want to see cats cook in a video game?
Mm-hmm.
She says she's seen it. She's not impressed.
Whoa, I'm impressed, though.
Hang on there.
Whoa!
Damn, they're so efficient.
Oh!
Get steamed, loser.
Oh!
So intense.
Cat Bay.
Fuck Salt Bay.
This is a cat bay.
Whoa!
Look how sharp that sword is, damn.
He's jacked as hell, too.
I'm earning more and more respect for this cat the deeper we get into this.
And that's the journey. That was the journey we were on.
That's why Kate should get a kitten.
When we get a theater cat that just lives in the theater,
there's a ton of strays.
Sometimes they're in here.
Oh, really?
I thought those were huge rats.
No, they're just filthy cats.
Oh, damn.
Do we eat like a good cat?
No, you just clean one of these nasty cats up.
Yeah, but they're like aggressive as shit, dude.
One of these cats mugged my ass.
What? Yeah, dude, he fucking walked up to me and said,
give me your goddamn lunch money.
I was like, pfft, jokes on you.
I used my dad's credit card, and I'll only eat at the fucking...
Shell station.
Then he just got disheartened and he walked off.
That was not a cat. That was...
That was probably that little dude outside who just...
I think it's schizophrenic.
Oh, Harry Marvin?
Yeah, it was probably Harry Marvin, dude.
Damn, I thought he was a cat.
He's a human being, man. What is wrong with you?
I don't know, I'm just busy.
That's not an excuse. Look, I'm busy.
That's why I also have to go.
Sometimes you get mugged by a cat, sometimes you get mugged by a guy, dude.
I always know the difference, but I do, in fact,
know what it is and so do I.
You'll see you soon.
Too busy to look? Yeah.
Castle of cooking for 6'5'' white, dude.
And women decked out an armor.
We have two more cats with them.
Seen any good 3D movies or shorts lately?
Like 3D, like,
James Cameron style 3D?
Or Toy Story style 3D?
You know?
I saw...
What'd you see?
Saw some jelly beans
under a truck tire.
How'd you see them?
Because I was right up against the truck tire.
I got ran over the other day.
What? Yeah, I got ran over.
And the truck tire was carrying me around,
blub, blub, blub, blub,
but while I was getting smushed again and again by the truck,
I saw a couple jelly beans.
Wapped them up.
Actually, I loosened myself.
And I dragged myself back to the studio.
How does your body work?
Sort of like looney tunes?
My body sort of works like any looney tunes.
Every time I ran over my eyes,
I was like,
Get your hands out of here.
Sorry, there's another guy under the desk.
Who's under the desk?
I don't know.
Some guy. Anyway,
I got a crazy weekend.
You got run over?
I got run over this morning.
I had a crazy weekend because I got sucked into a propeller
on a jet.
But I got all chopped into bits.
And it spat me out the back.
I got eaten by a coyote.
And he pooped me out. And I reformed.
You know what I'm done worrying about you,
I think you're invincible and immortal.
No, that hurt.
It was a bummer. It was a rough weekend.
Did I ever get hit with a chunk?
Big time.
Are you sure you didn't just see that on TV?
Yeah, I was watching a video that happened to me.
It was like a cartoon version of what happened to me.
You just started confusing TV with reality.
Hmm.
Okay, we have a lot to get to today.
Let's do one more news story, I guess.
And then we'll get to how to.
And then we'll get out of here with some
news anchor or whatever.
But now there's a little more news.
Purple.
So I'm out. I feel like purple compliments.
Somehow I feel like purple compliments this face.
Even better case.
Oopsie, I ejected Jeff by accident.
Sorry, I had to briefly
look at the mirror under my desk
and then come right back.
Thanks, Jeff. Good to be here.
Talking about
Panda Plan?
The rest of the stream mostly about the film Panda Plan
and how excited we are for it.
I think we covered Panda Plan all we need to.
Ah, really? You're just going to blow past
Panda Plan like that?
I mean, what else is there to say?
That's the power of art case.
It says more than can be conveyed
in mere words.
And I've got a plan.
That's to see Panda Plan.
I'll probably wait for it to come out on
streaming. You're not even that excited for it.
No, I just hate theaters.
Hmm.
Alright.
Let's
learn,
I guess,
because we have to.
About the world.
Exciting stuff,
case.
Prepare for your mind
to be
alone? Maybe?
We'll see.
As Killer Well holding knife
among 303 new Nazca glyphs
spotted by
and this is your favorite part,
AI case. That's right, AI.
Have you spotted a Nazca glyph
of a knife holding a whale? Well, a computer did.
And so, who hates
AI now?
I mean, I'm glad if
AI is being put to good use to spot
knife wielding
Nazca glyphs.
And we all are. This is the day that we all
finally get on board
with liking
what I like to call ground NFTs
spotted by artificial intelligence.
Ground NFTs? Yeah, they're on the
blockchain in the sense that
the ground
can't be, is non-fungible.
There's only one
section of ground per
section of ground.
Like an NF, I get it.
I mean, it's a stupid way to put it, but I get it.
If you're a stupid put it where
getting shanked by an orca
is the last thing you'd expect
in the Peruvian desert,
depends which part of the desert. Yet for some unknown
reason, the ancient Nazca
who once inhabited the area
decided to decorate the landscape
with an enormous geoglyph
depicting a knife wielding killer whale.
And if you don't believe me,
there it is.
See? Are we sure that's
what that is?
What aren't you seeing, case?
Well
and
what could only be a knife?
Checkmate.
There's some kind of like infrared thing that
it
looks like a whale.
Who made that? Aliens? Well?
How'd they know so well
what a whale looks like
if they're not even from here?
I think it was ancient mole people.
Okay, well
you're kind of jumping wild conclusions.
That's true, I shouldn't speculate.
Spotted using artificial intelligence
system, the armed
marine mammal is one of 303
newly identified designs
on the Nazca Pampa, some of which
portray decapitated heads
and human sacrifice scenes.
Since their discovery in the 1940s
the iconic Nazca Lines
have become one of South America's most iconic
tourist attractions, while also occupying
the minds of countless archaeologists,
historians, and of course
aficionados of whale knife fights, like myself.
Nazca Corporation? The creators of the
great contra clone, Metal Slug?
Probably the same. No, not the same.
No, I think probably the same.
Do we have any more pictures?
I mostly want to see
whoa, look at this little guy.
What's he doing? Where's his knife?
I'll tell you where. Right here, he's got a big
fishbone knife.
Fishbone knife is a knife with little knives coming
out the sides, like a fishbone.
And you can see very clearly that's what
he's wielding there.
I mean, I think the lines are very cool.
I just feel like you're jumping to conclusions
about what they're holding. It doesn't
really seem that visible.
Who the fuck did make these though?
Yeah, I don't know.
It is weird. Some people think aficionados
made them in the present day, but that doesn't
seem super likely either.
So...
Based on the last Zelda game,
I think it was like a giant
furry who made them, but that's mostly
going off Zelda lore.
Hmm. Wait, you slammed into the hood.
Wait, what happened to Uncle Phil 2K?
Uncle Phil, did you get hit by a car
and I missed it? I gotta keep up
with chat better.
You've been hit by a car.
It's a miracle you didn't die. You slammed
off the hood.
Uh...
It hurt a lot. I would have been worse
if I didn't remember a thing on Hollywood
stuntmen and jump towards the car
first.
Wait, you jumped
into the car? Is that a
thing? I guess very clearly Uncle Phil
2K had to
wear with all the... to jump
into a car to protect himself?
I mean...
If you saw it on Hollywood stuntmen
then it apparently worked.
It was ground signs
for the Anunakai
to travel the
planet.
Stevie loves you. It's probably right.
I don't know exactly what that means, but
but I believe it.
Lady Cytricks, I was
a tween walking to school when I got hit.
How many people
in this chat have been hit by a car?
Well,
apologies for triggering any trauma
with Papito's insane story of getting
repeatedly smushed under the wheel of a car.
If it makes you feel any better,
I do think it was just a thing he saw on...
apparently a cartoon.
Hmm, I don't think that helps,
case. Oh, my bad.
Anyway, the Nazca
lines are...
There's another. There's the guy.
Hmm.
I feel like the real news is how many people
have been hit by a car.
I mean, yeah, it feels a little...
It's possibly a little more prescient than the
Nazca lines.
I want to see more pictures, though, of these
new Nazca lines.
New Nazca lines just dropped.
Come on. Show me these photos.
140 new Nazca lines.
But show me all 140.
Oh, this one has
outlines. Yeah, none of these stories are
compiling all the Nazca lines in a way that I...
This one has some somewhere, though.
Look at this knife-wielding maniac.
The knife is probably...
Hmm.
It's got a hair... It's got hair knives.
These are sharp
double blades with, like, a
decorative slit in the middle.
Classically used to
thresh corn.
Jeff, why are you making so much stuff up?
I'm just trying to use my
archaeological sense.
The Anukay the creators of humanity
Add options now.
Changing prehistoric humans' DNA to work and worship them.
Ah, so it is aliens.
Well, C.B. Lezoo says it is aliens.
Well, do you know what they are, K?
So who made them? I don't, but...
Could be aliens.
Also, thanks for redeeming the chat poll.
Nazca lines we want to see in America.
Let us know what design
you would like to see. You have to describe it.
September, Pappito, Genital Slit.
That's an easy one. Me
and Coke lines. Coke lines
and Genital Slit are a very subtle distinction.
Genital Slit is more one line. Coke line
is usually three lines next to each other.
If anyone's wondering what the difference is.
Exclamation point one through five is how you vote for that.
While we peruse these beautiful Nazca lines,
look at the majesty
of
what I am assuming is a ghost with knife hair.
Or, have you seen this
classic one?
Bird
lines.
Or, fish
line.
Probably holding a knife, but maybe it got covered up by time.
This is, of course
snake, barfing
and pooping.
Barfing up the guy they just ate
and pooping. Also September
is officially the Nazca line that people demand.
And, of course, here you have
Wreck-it Ralph.
That doesn't look anything like Wreck-it Ralph.
Well, this is an earlier version of Wreck-it Ralph.
This is a version of Wreck-it Ralph.
This was the
ancient Nazca version
of Wreck-it Ralph.
It definitely looks more like a Tell-it-Tubby.
They just had different standards back then.
Back in the day,
Tell-it-Tubbies were Wreck-it Ralph.
Or the Tivo, everyone in chat
has a better idea of what it was.
But the Tivo wasn't around yet.
But Wreck-it Ralph is a story as old as time.
It's a story about
being a video game character.
Anyway, here's a cat.
Here's a cat.
What's next?
Researchers are working to protect the zone
where the new geoglyphs have been found.
But good luck if it's on my property
because...
I like to dig.
Thepets.com doc.
This is my favorite one.
And this one looks like maybe just someone made it recently,
but also maybe not.
Case doesn't know.
A newly discovered geoglyph with a feline shape
near the Nazca lines in Peru.
Possibly drawn by a giant baby.
Big enough to just draw on a mountain.
That's how big people maybe were at one point, Case.
And who says the news isn't magic?
Is that Papito?
Could be.
This could be early concept art for Papito.
I want to see more. I can't get enough of these.
That's all we got, Case.
There might not be anymore.
Oh, there's 140.
140 of these things.
I'm not sure if it's true.
I think it's true.
140 of these things.
Look at this Google image search of them.
Alright, I'm looking.
I like this drawing of this one more.
This one looks more like a Kokiri.
There's Kelvin from Kelvin and Hobbes.
This is a guy cutting off his own head.
And then his head becomes a ghost.
And of course, here we have Squasmo.
Who was sort of there.
Great Gazoo.
It's sort of the Great Gazoo of his time.
And then there's the Great Gazoo of his time.
And then there's the Great Gazoo of his time.
Here's Bird with Otters for beak.
This is Jim.
And of course,
way down here.
Way, way, way down here.
We have
Jungle Friends.
Personally, I love Squasmo.
I love Squasmo too, Stormburn.
And you've Kevin Sorbo?
Let me check.
Oh, yep, here's Kevin.
There's Kevin.
And again,
There's Kevin.
This is back in his...
God's not one dead number one, because this is how he was dressed in that film.
That would make it pretty recent.
Sorry, the ancient Nazca version of Kevin Sorbo's God's Not Dead is what that's based on.
From just from my layman's understanding.
Allegedly.
That's Yahoo! Serious.
Oh, that's my bad. That is Yahoo! Serious. Here's Big Footbird!
They used to be birds with feet this big case.
Just a big honking
five prong-eat feet. Maybe these were drawn by aliens.
Granted, it's hard to draw over, you know, multiple miles, but...
You know, a drawing hands is hard no matter what, and never harder than when you're drawing hands on a mountain.
Although this is mostly... this is slightly uneven terrain.
Is that a sperm?
Maybe it's got sperm feet. This is... this one's the sperm. Oh, I see what you're talking about.
This one is a sperm.
Someone got it. One of the aliens got a little lazy with this one. They're like, fuck, I have to do 300 of these.
Let's just make one a squiggle.
Just make it a fuck. Just say it's a sperm.
But if you got a quota to hit, you got a quota to hit.
Sure, it would be really stressful to have to do 300 of these as an alien. Look at this one!
Oh my god, it's...
Bear and Lady do stomach to butt high five.
Is I think the official name of that one?
Maybe we shouldn't have discovered all of them. Maybe we could have discovered a hundred. Maybe 300 was a bit too much.
303. Hmm. Five Nights at Freddy's. Oh!
But that's just a theory.
Nazca Line Theory. Could that be my new catchphrase? No, it's specific to Nazca Line and you're ripping off the game theory guy.
Well, it's important to try these things out. Look, we could look at these things all day, but...
I have a tax fraud court hearing to get to. What? Well, sorry, I wasn't supposed to say that, but I mean I have to get to dinner.
Anyway, that's the Nazca News and I'm feeling Nazca fine because those were a bunch of Nazca Lines.
In fact, if you drew a bunch of them in a circle, you could say...
Ripples. What? Anyway, ripples or something or whatever. Job, job, ripple, bye-bye.
Yeah, was Jeff taking some ripples with him?
He does need a lozenge. This is out of nowhere.
Disgusting. Man, I could look at Nazca Lines all day.
Honestly, between Nazca Lines and this...
I'd say now I prefer the Nazca Lines over these Gerni faces.
Ooh, you could do a Nazca Line of a Gerni face.
And now you've got the best of all worlds.
Oh, an expert has been demanded.
Cheesy 3D film director. Okay.
Guess we can check in with a cheesy 3D film director.
Before we get to... learning how to.
Okay, well, this is a controversial film director,
but, you know, I can't get everybody on quick notice.
I can't get, you know, whatever that Disgrace Toy Story director or whoever else directs 3D films.
This is Jeremy Pizzagate, an unfortunate name I know,
but he's probably directed some of your favorite 3D movies.
And we can find out exactly what right now, Jeremy.
Thanks so much for joining us.
How's it going? It's me, Jeremy Pizzagate, director of such classic 3D movies as
The Sticks, Our Your Friends.
What if a dog was a superhero and talking weights?
I was a huge fan of talking weights.
Yeah, because it's actually not about talking weights.
It's about fully realized muscles talking about weights
and their effect on the body. Very educational for children.
I'm all about children. I'm Jeremy Pizzagate.
You really want to say her name?
I have to say my name because I have to take it back.
I understand making kids movies and being named Pizzagate
is a big cross to bear, but only recently.
It was fine in the 90s, fine in the 80s.
Suddenly being Pizzagate is a problem.
And yeah, I was a ping pong championship in the 70s.
I've had a very long career and I think it's my
comfortability with myself that has really allowed me to stay
relevant in the industry for so long.
Most people don't have a career at Stority Long is Mine.
I was back in, I was doing 3D animation back when it was like just that one MTV video
where everybody was a block.
So, pizza face is a Dick Tracy villain?
Oh yeah. Wait a minute.
Are you this guy?
Is, are you related to this guy?
Well that's, yeah, I mean, sure he was based on my dad, but I mean,
first of all they made him look ridiculous.
Like we don't look like that.
And you do look a little different.
Yeah, I'm an actual person and that's just a lazy cartoon barely thought out.
Just a parody of a pizza man.
Well, technically he looks a little less like pizza than you.
Excuse me?
Talking Weets featuring the voices of Tom Watweitz and Jeremy Piven.
What you have to understand is in the 90s, not only was Talking Weights a cutting-edge
film because everyone was afraid to animate realistic talking muscles back then.
It was mostly blocks and dolls.
I said no.
Let's remove all the skin from a human, put eyes all over each of their individual muscles
and have a one-man show as I like to call it where every individual muscle has a mouth and talks to
the other muscles.
They all flex and they try to strain to look at one another but they're strapped, they're trapped on the body.
That's Nightmare Fuel?
What, this?
Oops.
Oh, no.
There we go.
This?
No, they're probably talking about my film Nightmare Fuel.
It's the story of a bunch of cans of oil,
bunch of oil barrels getting shipped from Iran to America.
And it's sort of like Fivalgo's West but for talking oil cans.
Anyway, the cans can talk but also the oil inside them can talk.
And it's the story of, do the big barrels of oil, do they even have the right to have
the talking oil that's inside them and can they work together in time before they make it to the pump
to save themselves from becoming fumes like the Brave Little Toaster?
Yeah, but way before that bullshit.
This and also ours has really realistic birthing scenes because when the oil, one of the pains
of being a being a big barrel of oil is when they pop you open and they dump your oil out.
For you, that's like dying and giving birth at the same time in a human sense.
And we really, we don't shy away from exploring that in the film Nightmare Fuel.
Talking oil, I can't spend my disbelief for that.
If you saw the way we did it, which you can, it's on Quibi.
Quibi bought the catalog for Nightmare Fuel 1 through 5.
There's five of those?
Yeah, we made five of them.
And if you see the way we animate the way we talk, it's heartwarming.
You'll feel like you're talking to your cousin.
That's how close it is.
Anyway, I'm Jeremy Pizzagate.
Yeah, you know, that's probably all the questions I have for you.
You want to do sort of a full inside the actor studio thing here, really get into it?
I can tell you where all the bodies are buried.
In the film, the bodies are buried.
It's where a bunch of berries, our bodies and their stems are their legs.
Thanks for being here, Jeremy.
I'm going to, I'm going to cut you off there.
Just going to say that's good enough.
Is it weird that you want to eat his face?
I actually say it's a pretty normal response.
You should be worried if you want to eat pizza face's face.
Because it's mostly just a little face and a really big face.
But why not eat a pizza face face?
That's OK.
All right, let's learn how to and then we'll get out of here with some music.
But first, let's find out how Jeb's doing today.
Down in the wood shop.
Here we go.
Oh, geez.
My leaves didn't feel like finishing blowing away today.
Good to see everybody.
It's your pal Jeb.
Got a nice new brown jacket.
I like to call it wood shop camo.
I'm blending with the background now.
Of course, I'm joined by my father who's dead and trapped in the wood.
Oh, yep.
Yep.
Oh, he's mad today.
Oh, no, sorry.
I just had a little lump in my non-existent throat.
Yep.
I don't know.
I'm better now except that, oh my god, Jeb.
I'm in the wood.
Yep, it's fine.
Oh, good.
Anyways, in the wood, I mean, cooked last time actually burned the roof of my mouth on a smore.
Still smart in a little bit.
I'm having to eat a little carefully these last couple of days.
Because I got so greedy for those tasty air fryers s'mores.
We actually made some pretty edible food for once.
I was surprised.
Looks like we've got a couple other how-tos on food today.
So maybe that can load us up for the next time we're in the kitchen.
Yeah, hot sugar can get real hot.
Give me some of that hot sugar.
Ha ha.
Oh, this is that guy from before.
This is the guy who gave us the smore idea.
Let's see if he's got any other hot tips for us.
Looks like he's got weird pancakes or something.
Let's find out.
Recently, and these were the pancakes that turned my fiancee into my hubby.
Don't worry, I got the entire recipe and the exact measurements coming here.
If these pancakes are good enough for somebody to want marriage level commitment, I need to try them out.
Okay, first things first is one egg.
Next is one and one fourth cup of milk and a fourth cup of vegetable oil.
Next up is one and a half cups of flour, two teaspoons of baking powder,
and one tablespoon of sugar.
Then you'll have your batter.
Okay, we have our batter.
Now we're going to make the cinnamon sugar and get this going.
For the cinnamon sugar, it is four tablespoons of softened butter,
a fourth cup of sugar,
need two teaspoons of cinnamon,
and then one tablespoon of the pancake batter that we just made.
Here's the before, here's after.
Whoa!
And for your icing is going to be two cups of powdered sugar and about a tablespoon and a half.
Yeah, that is important to remind everyone.
This guy is 28.
So I don't know if you're impressed by that or worried,
but just keep that in mind.
This is what eating these pancakes could do to you.
Half of milk.
Okay, next you said to cover the pan in butter.
Now that it's bubbling, we're going to add our batter.
Next we cover the pancakes until we see bubbles.
Now that we see the bubbles, we're going to add the cinnamon sugar.
Now that we added the sugar, we're going to put a lid on it,
and then we're going to let it steam for about four to five minutes apparently.
Okay.
Here's what they look like after I took them out and put some frosting on them.
Sadly, they burnt a little bit.
That's my fault.
All right, let's give these a try and see if they're good enough for marriage level commitment.
I'm not going to lie to you.
Letting it sit there and let the butter kind of crust up around it makes the crunch so good.
I got married recently and...
Huh.
Hers, these ones do look prettier, but those seem actually pretty edible.
For some reason, someone's getting auto modded.
They asked, did you make the pancakes with soda?
I have not made any pancakes with soda, but if anybody's got a soda pancake recipe,
I'm always down to try something new.
I'll have to keep that one in mind for the next time we're in the kitchen.
Although the last recipe that man recommended me did massive damage.
To the roof of my mouth.
With its hot mellows.
That's your own fault though, Jab.
You just gotta wait for things to cool.
But I wanted them right away.
Oh, settle down.
I wanted them, daddy.
Wow, what is going on?
Sorry.
Just thinking about how good those marshmallow s'mores were.
Another hot one.
Let's see what else there is to learn today, son.
Okay.
What's this?
Oh, this one got deleted.
Someone's how to is too hot for Instagram.
I don't know.
I don't know what happened there.
Let's see if there's any other how to's.
You can submit your how to's.
The cream dot team.
It's our discord.
You just have to go to the back feed.
And there's a bunch of threads.
One of them's how to's.
Yeah, sorry about that.
Boo indeed.
Boo.
Oh, hack my life.
I know this guy.
There's Kendall.
This is four minutes long, but it features an old friend.
So maybe we'll give it a full watch.
And we can learn how to wrestle.
And maybe we'll have to wrestle you, dad.
Good luck.
I'm wood.
God, I'm the wood jab.
You know, you aren't the wood.
You're trapped in the wood.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Let's hack our lives, fellas and ladies and peoples.
Kevin really should have had the foresight to know not to cosplay as Hulk Hogan.
A very controversial figure, but oh well, I guess fetish game live on TV on true TV.
How did he manage to get people to pay him to do this?
I think this is what he likes to do at parties.
But real bug.
Hey, brief commercial break here.
Oh, that's the whole thing.
We didn't get to see him taste any ass.
Oh, I got blue ass.
I've been edged to the edge of ass tasting.
And then the taste of ass was robbed from my mouth.
Oh man, that's too bad.
I've got to subscribe.
I don't know.
I've already subscribed to so many channels.
My feed's gotten really polluted.
That's a typical true TV clip.
Well, I'm excited for the copyright strike we get for watching the first half of that.
You know, we've been watching a lot of proposals.
How to propose.
I saw her thinking about it.
Well, maybe if you ever get a girlfriend, Jeb.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe if I get a girlfriend, I can propose right away.
Then I just go straight to wife.
Yeah, that's...
You can try that, Jeb.
Anyway, if I ever do get a girlfriend,
I'm going to be loaded up with so many great proposal ideas.
Part of the sea of our incredible discord.
Let's check out this latest one.
This is how to print out proposed to your girlfriend or fiance.
And the most geeky way.
That's kind of perfect for me.
I want a bit of a geek.
What are you geeky about?
Um, learning.
Anyway, teach us.
It's a geeky way or cool way to propose to your fiance.
Will you marry me?
Two ring.
You want this one?
Or this one?
Up to you.
This music is beautiful.
I just want to hear the whole tune.
I'm going to go get my girlfriend.
I just want to hear the whole tune.
I could see how that could work.
How would that work, Jeb?
Well, she'll be so impressed that you went to the trouble of making an AR,
a realistic AR filter.
Realistic?
It reminded me of how realistic that panda was earlier.
Those will be like, wow, you made a whole filter for me?
And it's got rings?
And do you have real rings?
You'll be like, no, I was too busy making a filter, but...
With a phone, you've got a ring.
You've got two rings at any time.
And then she'll say, yes, Jeb.
I'm...
I'm...
I'm Catwoman.
And I agreed to marry you.
You want to marry Catwoman?
Yeah, but not one of the actors who played Catwoman.
I want to marry the real Catwoman.
Jeb?
Come on, buddy.
Come on.
What?
I want to marry the real Catwoman.
I don't...
You know what?
I'm worried to ask what that means.
Oh, not Julie Neumar.
The cartoon.
I can't marry a cartoon.
Well, but in my fantasy, I can.
Because, well, especially with an AR filter.
Because then I can say, hey, in your cartoon world,
you can interact with this.
And then Catwoman will say, that's so thoughtful.
I marry you, Jeb.
Oh, jeez.
Jeb, just come on.
Let's just learn something else, buddy.
Let's stop.
Okay.
I don't see if there's anything else we can learn today.
Can you build a working phone?
Is it cheaper to build an iPhone?
Oh, shit. This is 20 minutes.
I don't think I can.
How to make an official cocktail of the US Open?
Look, the US Open may be over,
but it comes back around every year.
Or is it over?
I think it's, yeah.
Pretty sure that's...
August, late August.
Oh.
Well, anyway, this guy's a tormenter.
I mean, we can't make a drink.
So let's learn how to make the official cocktail of the US Open.
A honeyduce.
Deuce me up.
Yep.
This new favorite of cocktaildarling.com is the Honeyduce.
It was the official cocktail of the 2008 US Open,
created by Grey Goose Mixologist Nick Motone,
and mixed here in the video by our bartender, James.
It includes crushed ice,
one and one quarter ounces Grey Goose vodka,
one half ounce Schombord or another premium raspberry...
Why is this recorded over a phone?
...lemonade,
and three frozen Honeydew melon balls
to resemble tennis balls.
Fill a chilled Collins glass with ice.
Add vodka, then pour in lemonade to half an inch below the rim.
Sprinkle the raspberry liqueur over the top of the ice
so that it slowly trickles down.
Garnish with melon balls,
speared on a long cocktail pick.
The Honeydew...
Melon balls.
...the new favorite of cocktaildarling.com.
Wow.
The production values on this video are crazy.
So it's lemonade, vodka, and some kind of syrup.
Right, what did they say?
Red syrup?
Just any red syrup.
And then I guess if you really want to...
If you really want to be on theme,
you've got to carve up the melon balls.
They really didn't record enough VO to cover the whole video.
Oh, and there's the full, very blurry list of ingredients,
I'm assuming.
And look at them go again.
They could keep this up all day.
In total silence, we watch them make the lemon balls.
Wow.
That was a really nice video.
Yeah, they really showed us how to do that.
Sometimes you just got to watch.
Sometimes the best way to learn is quietly watch.
I sometimes I watch Batman the Animated series on mute.
Why do you like Catwoman so much?
Why wouldn't I?
I think that's all the how-tos for the day, Jeb.
You know?
Yeah, maybe.
I guess maybe that's enough for today.
Yeah, that was from this year, I think.
Focus?
I am.
I'm only focused up right now.
Still wondering how he got in the wood?
Wait a minute.
Yeah, how did I get in here?
Add options now.
Ha ha ha.
Favorite drink of the bin team.
No time to get into that now, Dad.
There's a poll.
Let us know because this will become the official cocktail of this entire news network.
I can explain some point.
Oh, I'll allow you to fill out this poll.
And let us know what's the official drink and favorite drink of the bin team.
The Rocka, which is like the racks, but with an extra with an A and 7S.
Trash juice, the September.
Not always a good option.
The Peter Gimlet.
And of course, the screaming Viking.
Not quite sure what some of these are, but I'm excited for one of them to be our official drink.
Ooh, a screaming Viking.
I'd like to try that.
I'm curious.
Is that even, is that a drink that already exists?
Cocktail.
Screaming Viking.
Oh, it is.
It already, it really is.
And it won.
Shockingly, something that's a real drink won.
The screaming Viking, the official drink of the barely informed news network.
Let's learn how to make it before we go for the day.
A screaming Viking, the Cheers cocktail.
No one knows.
Oh, it's from Cheers.
There's the screaming Viking cocktail that may have appeared on the 80s sitcom Cheers.
And then there's the one being served at the actual bar in Boston.
They're entirely different drinks.
And the story behind them.
Apparently, it's interesting.
Screaming Viking is one of the drinks that didn't exist until a TV character ordered it,
exactly like the Flaming Moe or Homer.
In this instance, it was first episode of the Six Seasons of Cheers.
Someone really, the taste per prose wrote this.
The plot, the plot is that, okay, Sam Maloney wants his job back.
The new bartender claims to know every drink ever made.
Norm walks into the bar, orders a screaming Viking wainish stump.
Woody on the other hand knows exactly what to do.
You never actually see the drink being made.
And there's only one mention of it.
Mention of a bruised cucumber.
If you look closely, you will see Norm with a neat,
semi-clear drink in an old fashioned glass garnish for the cucumber.
Somewhere along the way, someone created the following recipe to give the screaming Viking,
to give, gave it the screaming Viking name.
Is it the Woody mixup?
Probably not.
It's TV.
Okay.
Well, I'm sorry for reading that.
I'm sorry.
That's the only thing from today I'll apologize for is that I read that.
But I was really interested in the plot from season six of Cheers involving the screaming Viking.
Anyway, it's two ounces vodka, one ounce for mousse, one ounce lime juice,
a celery stalk, and a cucumber spear for garnish.
Just a nice, bland cocktail that screams at you.
I'm a Viking.
Look at chat.
Sorry, I was learning about the screaming Viking.
September one.
You fucking idiot.
Oh, daddy.
It looked like the Viking one.
And yet, Jeb, it didn't.
Well, I don't know what's a September.
Something orange and pink?
Well, that one negates.
We'll let someone else make up what that is, Jeb.
I think you've earned yourself a timeout.
Oh, daddy, please.
I don't want to be in timeout.
Ten minutes, timeout.
Go right now, Jeb.
Shoot, my wood dad put me in timeout for being horny about cat-whomming and not
reading chat.
It's for the cat-woman thing mostly.
And the Viking thing is really just a cherry on top, Jeb.
All right, well, I got to go to timeout and think about what I've done today.
But while I'm there, I just want to leave you with this.
I think it's okay to be attracted to cat-woman.
I feel like she's a sexual character.
I just wanted to say that.
We get Jesus, Jeb.
You're in timeout.
Oh, okay, sorry.
Anyway, you're also never too old to learn into a trek.
We'll see you soon.
Bye-bye.
All right, I'm throwing out the flash poll.
We'll community source this.
Although I think if we're going to make it ever, which we probably will have to.
How can I not make something called a September?
Balloot vodka, honey.
What Uncle Phil 2K said?
Okay, what did Uncle Phil say?
Okay, September is two parts vodka, one part lemonade,
one part ginger ale with maple syrup, no garnish needed.
Vodka, lemonade, ginger ale, maple syrup.
That sounds about right.
I think it needs something tropical.
It does look like balloon is really running up the score here,
meaning it would have to have essentially a meaty fish and meaty chicken embryo in it,
not a fish embryo.
And I don't know how I feel about having to make that.
What? A balloon as a garnish?
It could be like a bunch of amniotic fluid plus, I don't know, beer?
What's that cocktail?
Amniotic fluid and beer?
Yeah, whatever.
You dump the egg in there, pour a beer in, you chug it down,
you fish around for the little egg, for the little chicken guy, you chomp it up.
That sounds like a drink to me.
They should look up the recipes for the drinks from Venture Bros.
They're pretty nasty.
I mean, a cocktail featuring balloons is pretty funny.
Legitimately unsettling those little chicken embryos.
Rose, pointrue pineapple juice with banana slice garnish.
That's pretty good too.
Eggnog? Damn.
I'm going to take all this under advisement.
Uncle Phil had some pretty good recommendations.
Clive and Sleazy, unsurprisingly, has some good ideas here.
Another suffering bastard.
They're must, you know, I'm going to look this up.
Mixed drink, Balut, seeing if there's a mixed drink that features
Balut.
Kendall just made a face that said,
that's a bad idea.
Oh, here's a video on one.
Sorry, Jeb, I'm stealing your segment temporarily.
Got music.
How come this has such better production values than the US open one?
Okay, where's the Balut though?
I didn't see him cracking egg in there.
Did I miss it?
All right, where's the little embryo?
Did I miss it?
Was I looking away from the screen?
And he snuck an egg in there.
I think this might not actually feature.
No, I don't think there was any egg embryo.
All right, maybe it's best served with Balut.
I want one that features, you know, the actual main event here.
You got a little chicken embryo in there.
I should have known better than to click on a Facebook video link
and find anything that I wanted.
Maybe it means not begging another language.
We should all aspire to exist in a world where it means not making.
All right, we'll figure it out.
We'll figure it out the next time Jeb's in the kitchen.
We'll make sure that he makes a September.
The official drink of barely informed news.
Okay, we have a music on doc.
Let's, um, how long I've been going?
Let's do a munch and crumb and then we'll get out of here with the music.
Do you have any debate ideas for munch and crumb?
Throw them in the chat.
They'll take one of them, I'm sure.
In the meantime, here's munch and crumb.
Yes. Who you got to date, chat?
The winning team or do you hate yourself?
This is the question you have to ask yourself at all times.
Meanwhile, I'm joined by an actual gremlin,
just a creature that should have never been an absolute mistake.
Here's munch.
I mean, here's crumb.
Oh, somebody just, you just shout all over yourself
because you confuse our names.
Because your brain is a winding maze of stupidity.
I just, I don't even misspeak.
I actually was trying to trip you up,
get you to talk about me right away, mission accomplished.
And also mission accomplished.
I finally have a different jacket than you.
And I look even better than you now.
Red, of course, the color that attracts the eye.
Much as I attract the eye, blue, of course,
the color that makes people want to drown and die.
I don't think that's the first association with the color blue,
but you are the association with please go away.
So you're associated with probably checking a website
and then being like, wait a minute,
this guy should have knocked on my door to say,
I have to inform people that I live in this neighborhood.
Okay, that's so not acceptable munch, not acceptable.
Stop accusing me of things that are actually horrible
that I am completely unrelated.
I've never done.
No.
Okay, I don't know.
Let's just debate something.
Can we just debate something?
Munch has the best jacket.
Well, it's visually apparent.
Yeah.
Looks like actually the predictions are possibly
on your side today much so really get how those work.
I don't know if that means if people win,
if they vote for me, if they get an even bigger payout
because the odds are in your favor.
I don't think it's that complicated actually.
He just vote for whoever is me is really how that works.
Or the drink over the egg maybe.
Oh yeah, I'm curious about this blue cocktail.
I think it's just let me get in the kitchen,
kind of sort it out.
Who has the better suit?
That's just so obvious.
You don't, you never stood a chance.
I mean, I think it's, I think blue is actually a very,
some more subtle color.
I think red's a little showy.
That's why not everybody buys a red sports car.
George versus Fanny Peck.
That's actually a more pressing question.
And George, really, really, George.
Didn't have to think about it for a second.
Search your feelings.
You know that you probably have the wrong opinion.
And unsurprisingly, you think Fanny Packs are better?
I don't think Fanny Packs are better.
I know they're better.
I feel like this one is actually,
I can't say the word or we'll have to cut away, but
I think I'm spitting facts today.
We don't have a mod that minds making that poll.
George versus Fanny Packs.
I will be on the absolute winning side in this case.
Fanny Packs, while somebody is George riding today,
but I think you're going to come up, George.
I'm not laughing at that.
I'm laughing that your existence, that you would laugh at that.
John Cena is obviously part of it, but
anyway, John Cena wasn't the main reason I said George.
I rest my case.
Really, John Cena?
Plenty of people don't even like John Cena.
If anything, he was too protected for too many years.
The product became stale under his watch.
You could argue that John Cena's jort wearing ass is the reason
that WWE went into a slump in about 20, from about 2015 to very recently.
Or you could argue that it was the actual sexual offender
that ran the entire company.
Or I guess you could blame John Cena if that's the level
you want to operate from, Crumb.
Well, obviously I'm not trying to scape.
I'm not trying to scapegoat John Cena.
Look, my point is Fanny Packs are just more versatile.
They're more usual.
You can wear a Fanny Pack with anything.
You can't wear jorts with anything.
Good luck getting a job while wearing jorts.
John Cena actually never did a job while wearing jorts
and yet got every job.
So another point for jorts.
In fact, I bet if you wore jorts to most job opportunities,
they'd be so blown away by your powerful calves,
at least in my case, because my calves are so excellent,
that they'd be like, damn, a man with calves this refined
who wears jorts like a champion, my favorite champion,
WWE John Cena.
I absolutely have to hire this man.
Congratulations.
You're the new Secretary of State.
John Cena had sex too.
I don't think the issue was just having sex.
Well, and now Krum is apparently anti-sex.
No, that's...
I don't even want to go there.
Vince McMahon actually did horrible things.
It's unrelated.
I'm talking about the functionality of Fanny Packs.
Look, have you ever been to an amusement park?
Good luck with jorts.
Your phone will be flying out of the jorts
every time you go through a loop-de-loop twisty-wee.
Meanwhile, if you have a safe and secure Fanny Pack,
you can store all your stuff in a safe and secure Fanny Pack.
All sorts of goodies in there.
You can have a water bottle.
You can have your phone.
You can keep your money.
Make sure it's safe.
You can have a little mince in there
for people who have too many tasty treats in the amusement park.
And their breasts gets a little smelly.
Now you're talking about smelly fucking breath.
If you wear jorts, you know you got good breath
because you got confidence.
You got style.
You're not afraid to show a little leg.
You're not afraid to show a little thigh.
You're not afraid to show all of the calves.
Or at least the calves up to the very tip of the calves.
Oh my God, are you fucking serious?
Oh, we're deadly serious.
We're crumbing today, folks.
Oh, oh, oh.
Crummy points awarded.
How are we all winners?
Well, you're right.
I am still a winner today.
Look at the, this is a winner's coat.
That's a loser's coat.
Loser coat.
Winner coat.
Loser coat.
Coat yourself in the funk of a loss.
Well, I literally won, so actually no need.
But the fuck was that?
That was what excellent looks like.
I'm two up.
There'll be two spots.
Two ahead.
Chase the two because I'm two ahead of you.
Do you realize the things you do with your mouth?
I'm slipping on victory today.
Fucking voli, he's valde mourning.
You guys are voting for Voldemort.
I'm not Voldemort.
I'm slurping on victory.
If victory was a little fly,
then picture my tongue being like,
brah, and I get it.
What have you done, propaganda?
What have you done, chat?
I don't like to comment down on you,
but what have you done?
Balloot victory, a crumb story.
That should be the name of your memoirs,
is Unfertilized Egg.
The crumb story.
You're the fucking chicken that never hatched
and yet somehow lives.
Congratulations.
Crumb is gurning.
You want to see my gurning face?
I would really prefer not to.
Here's my gurning face.
You're just staring at me now.
It's because you're the man I'm voting.
I don't want to fuck over you.
This is all going here.
What is he fucking doing?
Here's my gurning face.
Boy, it's really hard to hold.
I'm gurning out, though.
What the fuck?
How was that?
You're crumb believable.
That's cheating.
You cheated at gurning.
I would just be gurning as hard as I could.
Better gurning face, munch or crumb?
I mean, I'm not afraid,
but you have to make the faces.
Get your gurne off.
The debate is in the gurning.
You're just trying to steal gurning valor
because you can't.
You just cheated at gurning.
How did I cheat?
I made a great gurning face.
I made my orange face.
No, you became an orange using your wicked magics.
Magics that only I should know.
Oh, look, we don't have a mod that
minds making that poll.
Who has the better gurne face?
I don't mind going up to that three spots
day, the classic two for debate.
Why do one debate when you can do two?
Are you already gurning?
I think he's just always good.
See, this is just that there's no need
to do this because I'm too dignified to gurne.
Meanwhile, this man is currently gurning.
I'm not gurning right now.
I don't even.
Okay, look, shut your mouth and gurne.
I don't have to go.
Well, the, the, the, the, the, the,
who's the better I could, you can't prove it
with the words, munch.
You got to go.
You go.
Oh, I'll go.
Watch this.
That's one of my gurning faces.
This sucks.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you doing this to us?
That's my gurning.
That's one of my gurning faces.
It's just a shitting face.
Here's my gurning face.
Fuck you.
That's not gurning.
That's just saying, fuck you to me.
You piece of shit.
You fuck.
You know what?
You were born fucking gurning.
You were born, you were born out of a gurne hole.
You weren't even born out of a woman.
You were born out of some weird British guy
that made a gurning face too hard.
His face became a vagina
and you came spilling out of it
like the rhino scene in Ace Ventura 2.
You were birthed from a fucking gurning crease
in some weird old drunk guy's face.
I don't, I'm hearing a lot of talking.
I'm not seeing an ouch of gurning.
You're gonna lose.
You're gonna lose if you don't gurne.
How do you do it?
Only so many directions the face can move.
Fucking won that.
I knew I would.
Boom.
Yes.
Number one, gurner.
Fucking no problem.
Take that.
Take that to the fucking bank, baby.
Never doubted it for a second world championship.
Gurner right here.
Proud to fucking win.
Unexpected but well deserved.
That you barely, you didn't even gurne till the end.
So I don't like to complain usually but.
Ah, woo.
We're naturally gurning when we hobble sometimes.
So for us it's like nothing.
It's like breathing for the wolves in chat.
Gurning is like sleeping.
Well look, he does just still have a superpack and.
They show you're out of breath.
He gurne so hard he's out of breath.
You notice I'm cool as a cucumber.
Maybe as cool as a screaming Viking actually.
A delicious drink that I've had.
You just found out about it, not me.
As an educated man who's seen every episode of Cheers,
I of course already knew about it.
But you know people with winning coats and winning dispositions.
What the fuck, why did my music stop so soon?
I don't know.
You just cut off my fucking music.
You will pay for this.
You will pay for this.
Not today, not tomorrow.
But soon, someday, maybe it could be 20 years from now.
I will be over your bed and I'll say.
I'm taking a year off your life for the five seconds you took off my outro.
And today is the day you.
Well it'll be a year from the end of my life then.
But I know when that is but you don't know when my life ends.
I just moved the date up by a year.
I don't only drink salt water.
I drink salt water before bed to calm.
I have low salinity in my tummy and I can't sleep
if my salinity is too low in my stomach.
So yeah, I drink a good gallon of salt water before bed.
But that's doctor.
That's that's what the doctor calls for.
What doctor called you and told you to do that?
Captain Phillips.
He's doctor Phillips.
What we call him the captain.
His name funnily enough.
His last name is Phillips.
And he loves to boat.
But he's a doctor.
A gallon of salt water really?
Well I mean you also want a hydrant.
A gallon is anyway we won.
Look, we won.
We're the winners today.
I look incredible in the new coat.
I gurn like no one else.
I gurn my way to the top where I actually am.
I actually already exist the whole time.
And I release you back into the wild and away from this.
You're welcome.
Unfortunately you'll have to come back.
Fortunately to see me.
Unfortunately you might see him.
Don't worry about it.
I'll balance it out much like we did today.
With the easy double win for me.
Bye bye everybody.
Never knew that Munch would take the gurning.
Yarning for some gurning.
All right we still have a DJ music to do.
So let's do it.
Then we'll get out of here for the day.
Apparently there was a nail conspiracy.
I said I'd talk about it.
So let's do that.
Let's do that and then let's release ourselves for the evening.
He's on the roof.
He's ready to go.
It's time for DJ music.
Oh yeah.
Uh oh my voice.
Is doing that thing it does sometimes.
That thing that I don't like that much sometimes.
All right.
All right.
What new is it king today.
All right.
Let me get my lasers going.
You know I gotta have my lasers all the time.
There they are.
Lasers.
The Papito voice sometimes comes in when you don't expect.
That's just how it goes.
All right.
Let's get into it y'all.
Let's get into it.
And then there's some conspiracy slowing around.
Let me get a conspiracy track going.
Inspiratorial tracks.
Or maybe we'll just use one of these.
Let's see.
Trump.
Trump news.
I'm doing Trump news on DJ music now.
You don't always want to do Trump news.
But sometimes it sneaks up on you.
And then you gotta do Trump news.
So I guess let's do a little Trump news.
Here we go.
Trump shares mega only fans.
Maddles near salon conspiracy.
It's about Harris.
Harris conspiracy that you see.
All right.
Donald Trump on Monday shared a baseless claim.
Honestly sounds like a little bit more of the same.
Of the same.
Same.
Same.
The legend nail salon stylist cousin is being paid $700 a week.
By who by the Kamala Harris campaign campaign campaign campaign.
To participate in protests.
You might ask why.
Well I will tell you why.
Heritage for the sky believe in yourself.
And my nail tech I've been going there for 15 years.
So they're like family to me.
What's that?
But they said that their one cousin is in South Philly.
And listen to this.
She's getting paid $700 a week.
To go to wherever Kamala's campaign tells them to go to.
$700 a week.
You just heard it from a first hand horse horse.
Not a horse but a source.
That girl doesn't look like a horse.
She's a source.
It's not unusual for former presidents to promote unfunded claims.
Especially if they are Donald Trump.
That's a thing that they do all the time.
Main failure this year.
Trump made some baseless claims.
The pro-Palestinian protests at Columbia universities.
They featured a lot of paid entities.
Editors, professional editors.
He said see you later Gator.
As far back as his first campaign from 2016.
He called protests.
He basically said that there are a bunch of crisis actors.
Wearing crisis now.
Can you help us now?
Can you please help us somehow?
Wearing crisis now.
Wearing crisis now.
Because the nails are somehow a conspiracy.
They've become a conspiracy so much.
Got $700 a week to do protests.
And also nails.
And it's somehow news that it's protests.
And nails and nails and protests.
And it's somehow news we swear to God.
That it's news about the nails from the protests.
We're not going to do that.
From the protests we swear that it's news.
But news this is all fucking news.
Because the president.
Posted it.
Posted it.
And that's that piece of news.
It's definitely news we swear.
Alright well um.
Usually I talk to somebody, let's see if I can talk to a nail.
Or maybe a hand or maybe even just a finger.
Fingers have nails man.
You can get into it.
See if there's any fingers out here that want to talk.
Just a second.
Where's a finger that wants to talk to me?
DJ Newzik?
Alright, maybe there's no fingers.
What about a nail?
Do a thumb?
I could definitely chat up a thumb.
Now those aren't thumbs.
Okay.
Give me a thumb.
Is there a thumb out here?
Give me a thumb, please.
There's a thumb.
Oh my god.
This thumb is intense.
Alright, let's find a conspiracy type trap beat.
Yeah, we got this.
Check this out.
This is a dark type beat conspiracy.
Oh man, it's real today.
It's getting too real out here.
Please welcome to the stage of this time.
It's a fucking thumb.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a fucking thug.
A musical I cut close to the wick because I'm so cutical.
I'm gonna leave you all fucking thumbs when I'm through with you.
Crip on this bitch.
I'm with you.
Pull that trigger with the thumb.
Block.
I don't stop.
Get that index out of here, baby.
I say why.
I don't even need to get to the point because when it comes to me, bitch, I'm a single
joint that's like puff puff ass.
Thumb up in your ass.
Having a nasty blast when I pull out.
It's like grass like scoop.
You just took a nasty poop.
The second that that thumb popped right out of you.
Put that thumb in your fist and I might break it off.
Spin it around in the bowl, baby.
Because I'm the sauce.
Fucking thumb in the plum and I spit it in the bowl.
Now I'm eating all the plums, baby.
Thumb in is the goal.
I ain't nothing to thumb in, baby.
But I'm thumb in the stomach.
Yeah, stomach, stomach.
You all right there, thumb?
Better than fine.
I'm a fucking thumb in this man.
I'm thumb in.
Thumb in outright is the thing, baby.
I ain't in a split, but I'm not split off.
When I take a thumb print, I'm a thumb print.
Every time that I see a cop put the thumb down.
You can't catch me because I stopped.
You want to ID me?
I'll tell you this.
I'm disappearing, baby.
Leave no thumb prints.
All right, that's the thumb stuff for the day.
That's the thumb that we talk to at the end of every stream, I guess.
Talking to a thumb at the end of the stream.
All right.
Sometimes you got to talk to a thumb or some shit.
Let's call it there for now.
Music.
All right, y'all.
Thanks for hanging out all stream.
But that'll do it for this one man news team.
I like to say one man because I'm the only man doing the music part of the stream.
I'm a one man music team.
Okay.
We're fucking made in the shade.
Another streaming review.
So it's time to raid.
Oh, yeah.
It's our final song.
Let's raid somebody.
Yeah, let's see who's on.
Oh, that's 23 months.
And that get on Twitch.
Now you know he don't front Jeremy's on.
I ain't rated him in a while.
Wait, what's Jeremy's Twitch?
Do I not follow him?
Yes, I do.
Oh my God.
Can I show chat?
Dandelion just showed me this picture of a cat.
It's got a little beret.
And I think that's okay.
Look at that little beret.
Can't cutate.
Let's raid Jeremy.
What's his ID?
What the fuck do we say?
Jeremy the prop guy.
We're gonna raid him right now.
And you all know why.
Because it's raid time.
How am I getting this wrong?
I just got a copy of Paces.
Jeremy the prop guy.
He's playing World of Warcraft.
But he does props too.
Can you believe that?
We don't want no thumbs, but we got some.
The end of this stream was honestly pretty much all thumbs.
I will shout you out while we do this raid.
Thank you so much for watching me musically today.
We got propaganda.
The V2.
We got Skimer also coming right through.
Almost raided the poop guy.
Yeah, that's true.
And Giggle Trash, thanks for hanging out.
We also see you.
We got love, the hate, but we love to love.
We got Apple Dapples shouting out with two hot thumbs.
We got side tricks.
Thanks for the views.
Uncle Phil 2K thinks it's always four coming through.
But we're done.
Now.
Stormburn 92 baby, holy, holy cow.
We got Giggle Trash and Tasty Zero and some other ones too.
But DJ Newzic is done so now it's time to raid Jeremy.
Bye bye booze.
Alright, we'll see you later.
It's Jeremy time.
Say hi to him for me.
It's a case raid.
See y'all later.
Bye bye.
Well.
I like to practice my vocals after the raid while nobody's watching.