I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, let's go!
Oh yeah! It's Monday!
It's an interesting Monday to be doing the sloppy Twitch news with Case Blackwell.
Who's me? Good to see you all. Hope you're doing well.
We're going to the movies today, why not?
Apple, Apple S1000, Commander Gabb, Daggon, Twitch, GreggT, Live and Sleazy.
Case, there is a mask in the bin box that is a must get.
What does it mean? Custom mask with face?
Oh God! What does it mean?
That maybe is a must get. Can I show this without doxing myself?
That's always the question. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Check this out. Check this out everybody. Nope. Nope.
Ummm... That is what I should get.
And I agree.
Play the video example. There's a video example? Oh my God.
Can I get this pulled up? Sorry.
I feel so risky every time I have to click on Amazon.
Okay good, I can full screen this. Okay, here's the video example.
Oh my God, is that the real Kim Kardashian?
Is that a different celebrity? Whoever it is, they're beautiful.
They got to remake that surfer robbing movie where the surfers rob everybody.
But they're just wearing that mask.
Because that mask technology has improved over the years to that level.
That could be Kim K. Point break, there we go.
My ability to remember the actual names of things is of course as bad as ever.
Right, Pepito? What?
Okay, he's non-verbal today.
Great.
Well, you may have heard there's apparently a ceasefire in a very...
I guess I mean, confusing.
A confusing turn of events that I'm certainly happy to hear if it's true.
So I guess let's just hop right into it.
Is there, is in fact the question?
He didn't put a question mark after Alive and Sleazy, but that is my question as well.
Let's look into it, it's sort of breaking news.
Sometimes I go live right when confusing breaking news breaks all over our faces.
This is only about 30 minutes old, so let's get into it.
Oh, yes.
Today this is a victory album, Anthem.
I should put out a whole album though, because we...
We've walked a golden path today.
People like Case, the haters.
Oh, what are you doing?
Creating peace, Case.
Is that what you're going with, Rick?
That is what I'm going with.
Deep State, Rick, here to inform you that war has been caught and compromised to a permanent end.
Courtesy of the President's what everyone is calling the truth shot social, heard round the truth social.
That's not going to catch, Rick.
It might if I say it enough.
I have the information, and this is, to be fair, most of the information we have is the President just tweeting this a little bit.
I didn't, you know, I mean it's not that I didn't see it coming.
I didn't expect it to be a truth social.
I didn't realize of doing it.
I wasn't totally surprised by this, because I thought we were for sure ago.
But anyway, this is the plan, and it's good.
We have completed our very successful attack on three nuclear sites in Iran.
They're wiped out permanently, by the way.
Not a single scrap of them remaining.
Well, that is what he said in his speech that we were going to, oh, God, realities falling apart around me.
Ignore the crumbling reality around you.
We're not at war, apparently.
Are you happy about this, or sad about this, Rick?
I can't tell.
It's all under control.
Speaking of under control, Kendall's on the way.
Yo, that's all she needs to win.
Why?
Because her name is what?
Kendall.
Her name is what?
Kendall.
Her name is what?
Kendall.
What's her name?
Kendall.
Yeah, look at the streamers hanging.
Okay, he's back.
Show them what?
Yeah, that's a thing.
Come in for his name.
Get the soul in, low, feel, Tyler, keep it clean.
Woo-hoo.
At the daddy.
You know, I'm never mad at you.
You drop yourself.
Wait, how did it get worse?
What is this?
Okay.
We're locked in now.
What is happening?
What a strange start.
Kendall just hypes you up and left.
By the way, we got food delivered.
She's like, where's the food?
And I opened the door and there's just a delivery person
standing there holding the food.
It's like, oh, where is it?
Okay.
Nice.
We're going.
What were you saying, Rick?
What the hell?
There's major breaking international news.
And you're just getting food and doing hypes?
Excuse me?
That's pretty much what happens here, Rick.
I feel like you should be used to this by now.
This is the latest.
It is hype news.
Rick, you really got to decide if you're into this or not into this.
I'm so into the plan.
I love it when a plan comes.
I love it when a plan comes.
Great.
Anyway, the president tweeted this.
We have completed our very successful attacks on three
nuclear sites in Iran, including Farlow, Natanz, and S. Fahan.
I know how to say that.
All planes are now outside of Iran airspace.
Wait, this is the old...
This is the old truth.
Why didn't you get the latest truth?
That's from days ago.
Do we even know how to truth social, Rick?
You fool.
Get the most up to the date truth on here
before I have to fire you from this propaganda network.
Well, it's a propaganda network while I'm on it.
You don't have to...
Wait, you do have to do it while I'm not on there.
Yeah, sorry. I'm just trying to go through the official terminology here.
Okay, congratulations to everyone.
Sorry, that other one about bombing things is old news.
We're done bombing.
We're done.
Congratulations to everyone.
It has been fully agreed by and between Israel.
It has been fully agreed by and between Israel and Iran
that there will be a complete and total ceasefire
in approximately six hours, and this was tweeted at 3.02 pm.
So where...
Is that Eastern time?
It's probably Eastern time, so we're honestly probably getting close.
We're already past the deadline.
It has been fully agreed by and between Israel and Iran
that there will be a complete and total ceasefire
in approximately six hours from now,
when Israel and Iran have wound down and completed their
in-progress final mission for 12 hours,
at which point the war will be considered ended.
Officially, Iran will start...
Oh, this is...
This was just two hours ago, never mind.
So they guess it's from hours of bombing left.
It has been considered ended.
Officially, Iran will start the ceasefire,
and upon the 12th hour, Israel will start the ceasefire,
and upon the 24th hour, an official end to the 12-day war
will be saluted by the world.
So be sure to...
24 hours from 3 o'clock.
I guess Western time.
Be sure to salute.
Anyway, during each ceasefire,
the other side will remain peaceful, all caps,
all caps peace, and respectful.
They go hand in hand.
Sportsmanship, everyone.
On the assumption that everything works as it should,
which it will, I would like to congratulate both countries,
Israel and Iran, on having a...
the stamina, courage, and intelligence to end
what should be called the 12-day war,
just making it clear that that is always branding this.
The first time you said it wasn't a mistake.
Wrote it.
This is war.
This is a war that could have gone for years,
and destroyed the entire Middle East.
But it didn't, and never will.
God bless Israel, God bless Iran, oh, God ran in there.
God bless the Middle East, God bless the United States of America,
and God bless the world.
Donny J. Trump, president of the...
BEEP
Really?
Right before I say the United States?
Your whole stream is anti-American case.
Whoops.
So now that you've read that, I do have to thank some people.
What, are you taking credit for this ceasefire?
I'm still confused as to the
veracity of the ceasefire a little bit, I'll be honest,
but in the meantime, thanks to B. Grendel
for the 31 months. Wow, indeed.
Apple to Apple, thank you for the Panther,
and the 100 bits. Bonsai Bullfrog.
Thank you so much for the 32 months.
You requested an expert and got the hype train.
You're gonna get... all the experts are happening today.
All the experts are talking.
Welcome, welcome.
Uncle Phil 2K, thank you for the 100 bits.
Entity, thank you for the 32 months.
That's insane. 29 months from propaganda.
Just minutes ago, like the suite from the president.
Commander Geb, thank you so much for the 27 months.
Switch to N-Bin, you got the switch too?
I kind of want one, but I also know I won't play it.
Because I barely play any of my systems.
But yeah, I'm still tempted.
And we're going to the streets.
My God.
There's so much happening in the world.
To be clear, I don't think you should compare your
street segment to huge world events.
I'm just saying there's a lot happening.
But that one doesn't count as a thing.
All the experts, not that particular expert.
Although, eventually maybe that expert again.
Can we just focus for two seconds?
I actually think the frenetic and unclear nature
of the stream honestly perfectly mimics the moment
we're in, Rick. It's incredibly difficult to track
what the fuck is going on.
For instance, since this true social went out
that there's not going to be an insane
and intractable ongoing war between Iran
and the United States, they've kept bombing.
Well, they can. They have a couple hours left.
You've got to get all your bombs in while the ceasefire
is going.
I'm going to read a comment about this particular
ceasefire statement.
It literally says six hours from now.
Oh wait, okay.
I got to read this exactly because it's so confusing.
Officially Iran will start the ceasefire on the 12th hour.
Israel will start the ceasefire on the 24th hour.
Or no, no, wait, it's even weirder than that.
Okay. God, this is so confusing to read.
For 12 hours.
Officially Iran will start the ceasefire and upon the...
Okay, so Iran was supposed to start the ceasefire,
I guess, from when he tweeted this.
And then 12 hours later, Israel would start the ceasefire?
What the fuck does that mean?
Well, that's part of how negotiation works,
okay, so you've never dealt with high-level negotiations.
Sometimes you let another country bomb you for 12 hours,
but you are already called GG's.
And then you're kind of AFK from the war.
Just think of it in gamer terms.
Isn't that what happens here at Twitch?
Not really here though.
But in gamer terms.
They're going to go AFK on the war for 12 hours,
but Israel will still be playing.
Just for 12 hours though.
You won't believe it until Pepito confirms it.
As far as I can tell also,
I'm just reading about this right before we went live.
There seems to be floaters of confirmation from Iran,
but Israel, it seems Netanyahu has said no one...
He's trying to limit anyone commenting on the ceasefire.
Maybe there's an update.
It's...
Confusing on a lot of levels.
I'm very relieved if there actually is a ceasefire.
I certainly don't want to be right that we were just going to escalate this to the point of no return.
Even though we already kind of did...
I mean that's the confusing thing about this.
This is a ceasefire for a war that we started.
But the timing of it doesn't really make any sense,
because it doesn't feel like we accomplished any of the goals that we both claim to.
And if you just reason out, could assume were our goals.
We didn't get a... they didn't get regime change.
They definitely didn't actually stop their nuclear program,
despite the president saying it was totally destroyed.
It definitely wasn't.
So Israel didn't get what it wanted.
Who knows what we even wanted?
So why the fuck did they do any of this?
I suspect it's just because Trump is like a flailing maniac,
and his whole administration is.
But I guess if you were to give them any like reasoning credit,
you could say this lets him say that he made peace in the Middle East.
Even though that's insane,
because they were actively undermining peace in the Middle East for the entire last week,
and basically trying to start a hot conflict.
I guess now they can say they stopped it.
There's a section of the American public that's just dumb enough to believe that for sure,
but it's all so sloppy and strange like...
I really don't... I have no fucking idea.
You can't you just be happy for once.
We're not at war, but we started...
we started the conflict essentially.
Well, we at least allowed Israel uncheck to start the conflict,
then entered it.
All while they didn't even have an active nuclear program,
at least nuclear weaponization,
and they didn't violate the treaty.
It doesn't make any fucking sense.
Well, that's... you're just not smart enough to comprehend it.
Sorry to say this everyone.
Some decision-making is just above your pay grade, you know?
So don't think about any decision being made.
Stop!
Let's bomb Greenland now.
I mean, then also they're still going to be doing everything they've been doing in Palestine.
We haven't really talked about it over the last couple weeks on this channel,
because it's so morose and horrifying that I don't...
I don't know how I can talk about it in this particular setup,
but they've just been bombing relief lines.
They're not bombing.
They've been gunning down people in relief lines.
They've killed like 80 people with a tank in a relief line.
So that's just going to continue unchecked.
I... yeah, I don't...
I guess I don't know what to say,
because we will have to see if this is even a real ceasefire,
or if it's some other confusing thing.
I've seen a lot of different reports coming in.
CNN was running a headline that the Supreme Leader of Iran is in hiding
and refuses to accept the ceasefire,
but I only saw that from them.
So... I don't know.
Honestly, anyone's guess is as good as mine.
No, my guess is even better than yours.
And my guess is we did it.
And lock it in and send it out.
He's in the Middle East. They said it was impossible.
But it just took a couple days of not...
of kind of being like...
That was the secret to peace?
The secret to peace, and it's gonna last,
was for a couple days, we just had to be like,
whoa, whoa, whoa, what's gonna happen?
And now peace.
Okay, we'll see if that holds, Rick.
What did we even do?
Classic option from propaganda, genital slit.
Always a hit.
I can't argue with genital slit.
I don't think we did that in this case.
But I did fight for that.
Vote now.
What?
Don't worry about it again.
I love your pay grade.
Worked the taint.
Okay.
That I'm not as into.
Nothing, absolutely nothing.
Okay, that's an all caps. That's a little aggressive.
I'd say what we were doing was a little aggressive.
Was it even?
Yes.
Gorilla punch, which has been a popular option lately.
Oh, you watch.
I keep tabs.
And shit our pants.
My vote is basically for number five,
but we kind of shit our pants
and told everyone about it, with a lot of confidence.
So I guess we kind of shit our pants,
but then we felt brave about it.
Well, that's the bravest thing you can do
when you shit your pants is,
you've got in the Superman pose,
and you're like, yeah, I did.
I had to.
My bowels couldn't take it anymore.
But I guess what we really did was gorilla punch.
Let's get through some comments.
The peace guy did a war thing.
Yeah, and he will jumble up all of those words
to say it both ways, Bonsai Bullfrog.
The war guy did a peace thing,
the peace guy did a war thing.
The thing piece did a war.
A phase in ceasefire, I guess they slowly stopped shooting.
Seemingly, but again, it is so why would a ran accept
12 hours of bombing from the other side after they've stopped?
That's just so fucking weird.
Dumping cease all over your face is how it feels.
Again, I'm in favor of my face getting all seized up,
but I'm very confused by this particular system of it.
Does Rick have a switch to I have all the latest.
All the latest electronic equipment.
I have so many switches at my house.
Some of them I'm too afraid to touch because I've forgotten what they've done.
Not that kind of switch.
Oh, Nintendo.
A Sony.
No, a switch to.
I'm playing. I do have a switch to I've been rocking Mario Kart World.
Grinding my ass all over the map.
Boom, Shy Guy in town.
Shy Town is how it's how what I call the game because when I'm shy guy.
But he's everybody's eating my fucking dust.
Okay, I guess he's a gamer.
Mario Kart World grandmaster soon the world will be mine just like in the real world.
Okay, Rick.
The big question will John Cena be able to get into guitar to defend his world title.
I saw someone in chat and I missed who it was say that the real reason for peace here is his W.W.
We negotiated.
And although I think that's unlikely that would be amazing.
If maybe there's just a bunch of people that need to see John Cena for CM Punk at what is it night of a million night of a million golden champions.
The endless champions night of the biggest ever champions.
Yeah, they just needed to line up the pay per view feed for World War three before they could really get it going.
They are using food and aid to find people to shoot.
Yes, the situation in Palestine.
Which will talk about I mean we can talk about it maybe on Wednesday because every day.
They killed they're killing people literally just every day in food lines is the new thing.
I don't know it's it's weird again it's weird to talk about it in the context of the stream because it is horrific on a level that is insane to communicate in any context but yes they're doing.
They're continuing their run of unimaginable violence and somehow still ratcheting it up it's insane Obama.
There you go.
Trump showed how small his dick is.
Truth.
Socially truth.
And the cosmic rain.
Is simply waiting for more.
What are you going to be satisfied case.
You were like blah blah blah I don't I don't see any off ramp for this and then the president hits not just an off ramp but a like GTA five ramp off of a truck over a running train six flips in the air lands gets a six stunt.
Unlock.
Okay now I'm wondering if you have played games.
I'm saying what he did was like hitting a fucking 1080 in the air.
And you're still not impressed.
I am.
I'm super in favor of not escalating the situation further.
And if they're not I'm happy they're not but they definitely are the ones who escalated the situation in the first place.
So.
And I have zero faith that this.
Ceasefire will actually hold and again I really hope it does.
I'm in favor of everyone on the planet.
Not fucking bombing each other with our neanderthal giant rocks don't talk poorly of neanderthals they were more advanced than we give them credit for.
Okay that's fair.
But wait why are you defending them somebody has to.
Okay.
Well.
My point is I will be very happy if there's less violence and no violence between Israel and Iran but.
It's confused it's a confusing.
Two week.
Conflict.
That is just unfurled and continuously confusing way so.
This doesn't really.
Make me feel that much better about the situation.
But as usual I always hope I'm wrong because.
My vision of the future currently isn't terribly positive and I would love to be very wrong about it.
Hmm.
How about this case.
How about this.
Let's do a negotiation.
As a official representative of the deep state.
Okay well that's if that's your starting negotiating position I don't believe you.
Well that's fine.
Why don't we just get realistic.
I'll make you some offers.
My primary demand here is stop fucking complaining and accept everything that we feed you.
Okay well that's that's not something I'm super interested in but I think after you hear my positions.
You might be okay.
Okay how about this.
Give you a little visual aid here.
Endless snack size wars for me.
That's my first demand.
Big time snack wars for daddy.
Little ones though.
Just little wars.
We just get a little taste of war whenever we want for no reason.
And that's my opening demand.
Okay I'm not in favor of that.
Oop-dup-dup-dup-dup.
Hear me out because what I'm offering.
Tremendous snack variety for all of you.
We'll continue doing that.
And I'd say that's the principle American agreement that we can all get behind.
Snacks that you can't even imagine.
A chariot flavored turnip soda.
That's on the table.
Those that taste like brisket.
Anything is possible with the flavor science that we are unlocking courtesy of AI currently.
AI flavor science is the future.
There is no limit to the amount of flavors we're willing to offer you in all types of different mouth feels.
So and all and all we're asking is endless snacks as wars and shut the fuck up.
I don't find that very convincing.
Okay well then hear me out.
And to home ownership you guys don't get them anymore.
No we've had a you had fun owning homes citizens but no more.
Okay again that's not very appealing offer.
Oop but you're not hearing what I'm offering back.
In return.
Infant TV from Rick and Morty is real now more or less.
It will improve.
Right now it's mostly slow motion shots.
It's not really moving in on still frames of avatars that look vaguely like famous actors.
It's mostly trailers for like what if the Simpsons was live action and like Adam Sandler's Homer.
But it's gonna get better.
Eventually it could be like I don't know Steve Buscemi is Homer.
And he does a little bit of acting.
So far I gotta say I'm not a huge fan of any of these offers.
Okay but hear me out because there's still more that I can offer.
Rent will double annually.
Okay Rick I really don't think you're understanding what's appealing to people here.
But we're bringing back crypto zoo.
Spoiler you are the zoo.
But that's a good thing.
You can now turn yourself into a crypto zoo avatar.
And we're calling it crypto squad.
You can sell your crypto avatar to a celebrity squad that will then own your crypto avatar in the crypto zoo.
And they get to keep it like a human zoo pet but non fungibly.
And sort of a timeshare you only have to be in the actual human zoo.
Maybe a couple hours a week.
Most of the time you're just a non fungible token.
So there is still a human zoo?
I mean a more advanced version of human zoo with a crypto zoo with a human zoo element.
But the main thing is you get money back as the value of your token prisoner persona goes up.
Okay again is that supposed to be an offer for us?
That's an offer for you guys.
That's like a concession.
Because we were considering just putting you on a zoo.
But this is the fun version of that.
I can tell you're not really getting there but hear me out.
We're putting rights for non-white people on hiatus.
Oh my god Rick.
I'm gonna have to ban you from this stream.
Wait, wait, wait. You gotta hear me out on this one because that sounds worse than it is.
Because huge news.
Anyone who owns a pontoon boat gets to be white now.
We're opening it up.
The criteria has never been more lax.
You don't even have to own a lake house.
You just have to own the boat.
Huge.
Huge sale on pontoon boats?
They're not that expensive.
It's cheaper than a house which you can't own anymore.
So congrats.
Just get a boat and we all get to be white.
Well Rick I think I've talked to you enough for today.
What? What did I say?
All of the things you said were really awful.
So I think you gotta go.
Oh.
No, no, no. You're not understanding how negotiations work.
That was...
Now you can counter offer.
Counter offer. See you later.
Oh come on, come on guys.
Boom.
Oh man my voice is...
Sorry I'm going through puberty a little bit still.
They call it next level puberty where my voice is getting even deeper.
Even though I've already gone through full normal puberty.
Alright young blood that's fine.
You know your voice does get a little bit deeper as you age into your 20s.
Which you're supposedly not in.
Well very much not in my 20s.
I'm a super young teenager who watches movies.
Everybody gets it. It's extremely cool.
My parole officer Chris is here which does suck but that's just like...
That's just fucking life. Sorry I'm drunk.
What? Young blood if you're actually drunk you're in huge trouble.
Fine I'm fucking lying dude.
I guess I can't have any fun.
Lie to your parole officer about being drunk.
Sucks dude you don't know how to have any fun.
I can't even lie about being drunk.
Why would you?
For fun man I don't know.
You can have a 12 day war as a treat.
Me?
Dude I go into fucking full time wars with my boys when they piss my ass off.
So good luck getting me pissed for only 12 days.
Okay that's childish.
Well that's fine because I am basically kind of sort of.
I'm not so a man if you think about it because I'm so mature.
Let's watch some fucking trailers.
It's trailer Thursday.
That's just sword fighting in the bathroom.
Yeah but you're supposed to keep the underwear on.
And when Trevor takes his off it's fucking awkward.
You know? What?
Oh I guess you don't know.
Weapons official trailer too.
Just weapons?
Okay.
Let's watch some weapons. Let's see why.
I just want to say how very sorry I am for...
She should be locked up until she tells us what happened.
Oh it's this movie.
The truth is that I wanted to answer...
I forgot this is called weapons.
Just as bad as all of you.
We're talking about 17 kids in one classroom.
I want to know what happened in that classroom.
Why just her classroom? Why only hers?
Yeah what's up?
I love those kids.
You though?
This is a true story that happened right here in my town.
A lot of people die in a lot of really weird ways in the story.
Oh.
I'm not gonna find it in the news.
What?
Those kids walked out of those homes. No one pulled them out.
A lot of people die in really weird ways?
Where do you see that I don't?
Where did you go?
There's something very very wrong going on.
Being a parent sucked.
I'm looking at...
Leave the investigating to the investigators.
I've never seen anything like that in my life.
What is happening?
I am man.
Obviously it's a fucking trailer.
I have no choice but to watch.
That shit was super twisted man.
I mean yeah it's a horror movie.
That sucks.
Can they just make a non-twisted horror movie for once?
That's not so sick and twisted.
It's a horror movie.
I miss movies like the Final Destination franchise.
Where...
It's twisted but it's fun.
This one's all like...
What?
In Final Destination you're like no way.
They got killed by the space needle?
You just want campy horror movies.
No man movies that aren't twisted up.
Also they did just make another Final Destinations movie.
I'm gonna watch that.
Three stars.
I think it looks interesting.
Despite the twisted psychological nature of it,
the kids said that people die in weird ways in the movie.
But for me it kind of looked like they died by stabbing mostly.
That's a pretty normal way to go.
It's not making it too normal.
I'm just saying.
For a horror movie that's pretty normal.
But it's like crazy kids doing it or something.
So it's crazy.
Ice Road Vengeance.
What?
Starring Liam Neeson?
This is like the naked gun trailer but not a joke.
So let's get serious and watch this.
Is this the naked gun movie?
I can't tell.
Yeah what is happening?
Why is that so voice over?
Is that an AI voice over?
Are these all AI voice overs?
Gun Bust.
Maybe that is it's for a fight.
Maybe it's a height related bomb.
It's a height.
Hang on.
We're in business kids.
Good luck hitting this boss.
Wait who's driving in that shot?
Ice tover.
They're pinned turn to the bottom.
Suicide.
We're not going to make it.
Whoa I didn't even, the premise didn't even really hit till the end.
That he's the greatest ice road driver.
He's an ice road trucker.
And probably one of the best to ever do it.
Only he could make it down an ice road that crazy.
I think the whole movie should be more ice road focused.
That's not only real complaint.
Other than that for me 10 out of 10 masterpiece.
Well it only goes up to 5 stars.
And that's how you rate it by the way.
Exclamation point 1 to 5.
It's how you rate these decisions you just saw on screen.
Decision to be like a fucking classic ass action movie is pretty much what it was.
Tasty zero with a theory.
Liam is still doing this movie because he doesn't want people saying after the naked gun,
he's only going to do comedies.
That's smart because they mostly don't let people make comedies anymore
so he'll be kind of out of work if that's what he goes with.
2.1
It's not a high scoring day for film.
But maybe we can pick up the pace.
Splitsville official red band trailer my mother's wedding the Sandman season 2 I
never saw season one the man who saw tomorrow World War 3 32nd trailer that
feels topical I suppose I'm not anymore actually it's not happening oh it's not
happening for sure for sure it's not everything's good now news from the
future yeah no boo official trailer whoa what is this Tom Cruise the legend of
nobuyuki Matsush he Matsuhisa's Empire the man who redefined global
gastronomy okay I'm listening if you would ask people today who is the
Emperor of Japan they won't know his name but everybody knows no boo there are
a handful of people who have changed the way the world eats no boo no boo
I don't know what I do this racist but I do apologize
Moscow we're going to do the most ageing all the famous restaurants closing
closing closing then I opened this one he had an interview in a famous magazine
and Robert De Niro approached him and said his food was so special I told no
everyone opened a restaurant in New York let me know
no boo expanded so this is an ad London Tokyo Dubai all over the world he's
serving the most famous people on the planet I'm sorry I clicked on an ad we
had 300 people on the waiting list every day but in the beginning people did
not believe he was staying business no it was not a heartfelt ad
I have no money but I was very happy
it was tough but I finally got my own restaurant
then my partner called me no boo come to the restaurant
no boo you can't keep making sushi it will kill you you're allergic I guess
lowest of the low that's what they need to say
that time I was already my dream was to be destroyed
if it weren't for my mother it would have been unbearable for them
Yoko she saved my life
in the 80s I remember sushi being oh he made sushi
chic and he made it the thing that everybody wanted to eat
we're gonna have about 30 year anniversary it's not about fees we're talking about
we're talking about that's smart
oh no no no no
no boo created his own world
I don't know why I'm feeling things but I am
comes up with an idea I guess
the heart of it is no boo woppy sushi
if that wasn't there we wouldn't have any of this
dude we would not have a no boo restaurant in fucking Vegas
people don't give enough credit to guys
man it's fucked up man
you ever thought about that man like nobody gives enough credit to guys
uh you know what he seems to have gone on a journey every story I feel like is worth telling
it's so fucked up dude because guys we do stuff
sometimes we make things man it's fucked
I'm intrigued too tasty zero I mean you know
I don't think I have to take it that seriously young blood but why not
am I not allowed to feel no it's a healthy to express your emotions
well I'm not I was kidding I don't feel a thing
you are you're in a weird mood today chat was saying that I agree
you're being Mr. Contrarian more like Mr. Worldwide
but with hair because I'm cool
is Trent actually are you actually drunk
no because you're in trouble if you are I'm not
let's do one more trailer wow four trailers I'm a big boy I can handle four
3.36 stars that does make it the winner of the day so far
train wreck balloon boy train wreck balloon boy
I did not do butt shots of Listerine do that shit's played out I've done it enough
I'm fucking on it with honor the next one
me and my friends were thinking though that there should be a version of hot ones
that you butt chug that was one of the ideas we wrote down in our vision
journals in social studies class what that we should do butt chugging hot
ones as a YouTube channel I think that could be huge
think people are unlikely to go on butt chugging hot ones only if they're a real one
they want to play it on easy mode go on regular hot ones like a bunch of fucking cowards
I guess they can or they can come on my soon to be named YouTube channel
okay I wish I could say that violates your parole but it probably doesn't your parole is very confusing
I thought Sam and got canceled when we found out how much of a creep
guy man is I'm unfamiliar with honestly who got man is or if I'm even saying that
right gay man like Neil gay man I don't know
YouTube won't pay for that they'll pay the iron price what they can't stop me
from achieving my dreams call it ring of fire okay I have to cut love the hate in now
10% of all proteins you love the hate okay well look you know I'm happy if you're
just doing anything that isn't I don't know throwing bottles at oncoming traffic
but that's a sport it's not it's extremely illegal what you're doing and I've
heard rumors you're doing it are you confirming you're doing that no but
it's a sport if I did let's watch the canceled Sandman to trailer featuring a
guy that I don't know who's bad okay that's not the best intro but sure is
returning to hell man dreams fuck that comes to us in a futile attempt to free
one he loves from our own right or okay oh Neil gay man most
I loved you she was right it is wrong for us to get involved with them you know that
I've committed a wrong I must make it right when one of the endless changes
changes everything what the pain is coming everyone loves a good story but all
stories come to everyone here since not notice or care oh they're fucking we did
that what you cannot save yourself now even if I didn't you know they're right I
do love a good story what's the story I trailer doesn't have to reveal the
whole story so Neil gay man did some bad stuff I'm not familiar with the crimes or
works of you'll gay man to be on it I've heard the name but can't believe ECW
wrestler the Sandman is working Netflix now that would be a huge get I would watch
that could he be in that it's crazy he's not in that can we make him a cameo
and then make him the whole show I just I don't I don't entirely track what the
I don't know anything about the Sandman franchise or graphic novel or I didn't
see the first season so I don't know what the fuck was going on there I'll be
honest with all of you and I think chat also doesn't that might be our first
zero stars people were not impressed that's big that's a big thing for us we
finally found our first zero star sinker it gets the poop poo cloud it's our
first poo cloud recipient it's hard to pull off but you did it Neil
apparently he's not even involved in the production to be clear as somebody
doesn't know what's going on mostly I'm just confused by the trailer that was my
only complaint I don't get what the dream is or why it matters there is a
little like front flying frog monster I think it was a frog there's like a
little great gizoo but all fucked up and that's honestly I'm kind of sick of
being twisted up by how twisted everything is so I need a break from that
shit and end to twistedness for now I'll return to the world of the twisted soon
as will all of you but for now you can twist your way on out of here cuz it's
fucking done and that's actually okay because you know what it is bye bye the
world of twisted tea a twisted tea movie I bet we could get there eventually I
bet we could get there eventually okay I'm supposed to talk to there's been
too many requests that I've ignored for too long I haven't talked to the experts
I think there might be three and there's a debate I also have to go to the
multiverse of crumbs there's so much to do there also might not be a war could
be more war so there's so much news that I can't even track really what the
fuck is happening is a question I often ask myself but I can ask these experts
instead maybe maybe if I can find it looks like there's a request to talk to the
red Queen from Allison Wonderland we'll see if we can get her that was from six
days ago though from love the hate so sorry apologies for not getting to it
sooner and I summon the red Queen to this reality of ours I sincerely hope so
okay I guess we'll count this as the red Queen find out Manchester from whatever
universe much set him back to let him find out what happened to his friend
that's not a bad idea all right let's talk to this Queen the red Queen red Queen
thank you so much for joining us yeah what's up what's your deal I'm the red
Queen yeah okay from Allison Wonderland yeah like the Tim Burton version no no
red Queen is the voice of my generation hey red Queen a chat's asking if you know
what happened do you know where crumb is sorry guys but we have a lot more
experts to get through so we can ask all of them can the Queen put heads back on
no never not a chance they only come off I kind of want to see this version of
Allison Wonderland actually you know as a monarchist what's your inspiration like
what what really gets you out of bed in the morning to keep ruling Wonderland
sex what all the hot sex you can have in a twisted land oh just nasty everybody's
being afraid hold on sex okay with the people okay no limits
I'm in it you know why do you have the heads cut off instead of having them
punched by a musical primate now that's an idea that's the kind of thing that we
can do together okay you know I'm pretty busy so I might have to move on what I
just you know I think I get your deal and I have no more questions for you what
did I do what play the sad music what it's not the game that much to offer why
are you being so mean why are you being this mean so why is your hair look like
that in that shot okay you know what you can't question stuff like that get them
out of here Papito we got more people to talk to apparently who was the next
one that I also missed over the last several days the red queen again no come
on not the red queen again you can't get rid of me that easy well they requested
this twice I got fans but why where's crumb asking me where's this crumb you
wanted me to find I don't I don't I think they're I think he's dead he's fully
dead yeah terrible you don't even know crumb but it's sad anyway you gotta talk
to me for two hours now no I don't okay one more question about decapitations
what's the best head you ever cut off my best friends what he's like my head this
is a sad one play the sad music my friend was like I bet you can't cut my head
off with a stick what and I was like I don't want to do it okay they're like
you fucking okay so I tried and I failed I failed miserably and my best friend
left me and I was like off with your head and then my guards chopped his head over
the next and that's my tail okay well that's enough out of you then get about
here Papito come on we're in a hurry we can't keep talking to the red queen
I'll dish the third request can't be also for the red queen an expert on voodoo
and resurrection to bring back crumb okay thank God because we do need
something else Papito do you have that lined up already thank you
I know about that God you're not an expert I'm accredited I'm accredited and voodoo
expertise really show me some documentation do you carry around your
official dick bag accreditation you piece of shit come on you don't carry that
kind of thing around you can Google me I don't want to what is your question
child is there any way to voodoo someone back to life more so than making them a
really smelly fly-ridden zombie you'd probably have to talk to the devil
directly and he's a pain in the a pain in the burp yeah do you know Eddie oh
yeah of course he's free not in the way you're thinking I think he's a murderer
can we weaken it Bernie to crumb yeah you can pilot any corpse and you don't
even need voodoo to be honest you don't even need to voodoo that one you can
just put some strings on the corpse and walk it around but you need a bunch of
strapping gentlemen to pilot each string cuz bodies are heavier than you
think don't cough with your affected voice this is just how I sound dead crumb
would be legit he's around lately you got a corpse going I can't say that it's
a corpse cuz I can't be blamed for any of it what well anyway get out of here
that's all the time we have to talk to the Red Queen three times there's just
too much going on to keep talking to the Red Queen all day right Papito I want to
talk to the Red Queen more seems like a cool yeah yeah it's funny yeah I like to
yell and they did too I related to that I don't like to yell I don't believe that
nah not me I don't believe that at all I don't believe that okay well look there's
doesn't matter what we believe because there's too many segments to get to
let's get munchin crumb out of the way then we'll go amongst the web I gotta
turn these segment alerts off for today probably we also have to do a conspiracy
time we just got to hurry it up all right it's time for munchin crumb
trying to piss me off today by fucking up my intro no thank you I need to hear that
music play straight through thank you very much what's up everybody is much
and despite the rumors it's crumb how you doing you ugly piece of shit you see
classic stuff you're doing great crumb keep it up that's his personal trainer
football coach from Rennerton one of the has endorsed me many times in various
political races and trials coach McGopp that's right coach McGopp here crumb's
personal trainer gonna get him back on his feet coach McGopp you don't have to
participate in these debates which I win every time I believe that but I'm
trying to get this guy back on his feet clear I have a heart hopefully try not
to lose you can smell him from Canada I don't find that surprising and probably
the black hole at the center of our universe can smell him it's gonna start
spinning things out in the other direction unravel the fabric of reality
that's how bad this piece of shit smells right crumb come on you can reply
reply to him come on you got this say something back do it at your own pace
okay you got to feel these things out you got this crumb coach McGurk are the
um you're supposed to be more of a physical therapist you're not just
encouraging him right I mean I've tried to touch him for sure you've seen what
he does he just got to approach him from the back and you got to distract him
you got this look it's a mind body and spirit man you got to connect them all so
we're getting there he doesn't need physical therapy he needs an
exercise well we're exercising the weakness from his body so that he can
get back on his feet that's right pain is just your body being like no you
know I've always said that is there a rat in his head no we got that out of
there I got that out I got most of the rat out so everybody relax what are we
debating today crumb come on reply to the question you got this it's
crumb it's coke or crumb it's coke or come on or coke or Pepsi the most
classic easiest debate crumb I thought you could handle this even you're in
your sorry feeling sorry for yourself state be an emotional and unnecessary
try to make a bigger deal out of this than it is everybody spills some milk
every now and then or brains so come on you can do this not that I'm
encouraging you you're pathetic and I don't want you to succeed he doesn't
mean that he's your friend coach don't speak for me okay sorry I'll limit it
to myself you have friends I can't even say that with a straight face that's
hard to say with the straight face isn't it is hard to say but hey focus up
you got this what side of the debate do you want to be on come on he has gotten
lazy he's using emotional trauma as an excuse to let the rest of us down and I
think until you accept that you're never gonna get better crumb you'll
never get better until you take responsibility for yourself it's tough
medicine but it's only cuz he cares no stop saying that I don't sorry I think
he's saying Pepsi you can tell what he's saying yeah see I think it's Pepsi
alright that's the usual kind of thing he would pick it's clearly coke yeah it's
coke what no it definitely sounded like Pepsi no it's coke I can tell you got
this crime defend Coca Cola okay everybody it's a layup everybody knows it's
the superior beverage well obviously everybody knows that god damn it I mean
it's not though I'm fine with Pepsi actually I wanted Pepsi actually only
a coward would pick coke which has had its time in the sun actually we're in a
new age of new Pepsi but newer than the old one anyway if a bond is my making
that debate I'm ready to not hold back at all crumb just cuz you're being all oh
I'm in a mood you can you know what you can go first I've been going I'm going
over time lately cuz I'm so passionate and I'm you know what I'm doing it right
now and look how nice I'm being you can go first all right you got this
come on now what do you like about coke classic flavor come on you know all of us
know come on every time there's Pepsi there's you can hear noises like this
coming out of people come on you're doing good crumb just keep it up sound it out
sound out the word chrome you got to try here you got to try here start small
grow big okay you can't make a flower without right water in some dirt all right
doesn't matter if it's just one word tip but sound it out sound it out chrome
okay good hustle good hustle crime good hustle crime all right but coke is just
better okay I don't know there's something off about Pepsi they're 99% the
same maybe 95 but crumb doesn't need a win you need to be honest with yourselves
stop trying to cook the books here not that it matters I'm literally 275 points
ahead should be 277 because it's not like I would lose but a more importantly
coke is better it's Pepsi I consider to be the blue brand and coke is the red
brand they took the strongest branding possible the color of blood and sex
and they bottled that shit and feed it to you every time you're out it all starts
in varieties normal and bad for you diet and bad for you a different type of
diet equally bad for you and also they put other sugar flavors in it thank you
is it that hard to know that I'm the best geez you gave it a really good
shot crime it was really close wait I mean honestly closer than I thought so
easy to defend coke and you still almost won I want you to take that feeling of
doing your best I want you to bottle that and I want you to drink that you could
sort of you don't have to belittle me to encourage him just so you know no sorry
I'm not trying to do that I try to do that very undefeated two charity points
that I willingly gave crumb to try to get him to stop being such a sour
pus done with that by the way crumb it's straight up tough anti love from here I
will never love you but I can be tough on you and make you miserable enough to at
least be 20% of the monster that you used to be as opposed to this shadow
that's very similar to your former self honestly you're mostly there already
I'm just trying to get you to say words could you say some fucking words
please look breathing is where he's at right now and I think we got it we got
to work with what we've got but he's I think that's breathing and well it's a
strong starting place and it's only gonna get better from here so great work
crime let's give it up for him good awesome really good hustle out there
from one no he didn't well let's check the tape what how did Pepsi win oh fuck
I was supposed to defend Pepsi oh yeah you were fuck that doesn't sound right I
think I had it right now I think you should correct the record but I wanted
to be for coke so I was crumb don't say that wait you can tell what he's saying
Chrome don't say that oh god he's being a fucking alright fine I can't I'm
everyone all the munchers still get their points what that's so unfair
you're not here to talk about being fair you're here to rehabilitate rehabilitate
crumb coach McGurk he says he says to reverse the channel point of words I
think I'm starting to understand him I don't know how to do that just give
everybody channel points it's not fair was being done to me I'm being
persecuted for just forgetting one thing you mean the side of the debate you're
on whatever look your channel points are and are a sacrifice you put upon the
altar of my greatness and sometimes the gods aren't fair they're petty and cruel
we've known that since Hercules so I can't help it if I devour your channel
points like a hungry demon it's my right to do so what look I'm just trying to
say it's fine but I will I guess just this once give Cremapoint and take a
point away from yourself because coach I did not hire you to talk to me
about how my points work it just seems unfair coach decreased to everybody was
saying recount but they say that all the time I was reading the chat I was just
you know focusing more on my victory all right point away from me you took the
point away from crumb all right point back to crumb this is ridiculous the fact
I even have to I'm supposed to be a producer now too I don't do enough for
this place is ridiculous oh it's just only it's only fair coach that's a lie he's
lying to you with this because we don't even know how to do that I take I took
chat points okay not crumbs points that's worse coach you're lucky I'll
bring you're lucky I recommended that barber to you I love that barber yeah
bet you do because your hair looks magnificent but at this rate I'm gonna
tell the barber not to cut your hair anymore if you keep being rude like this
hey come on we're pals we're pals it's just a game it's we had to gain you
think it's a game I mean yeah right can I just give people channel points is
that a thing I can do if much steals more wins you might anger the gorilla
well where is the gorilla because I have questions for it if that gorilla is
down there on the frickin web thing whatever that I've never wanted to do and
I will never host be sure to ask him what how please do not turn me to smoke I am
living being if you smoke me I die please save me put me in stasis I'm alive
help me boom that's what I say to demands to recognize the cognizance of
letters I refuse you're doing good you're doing good man come on he's not happy
crumbies I mean he's not happy much in case you're not understanding what he's
saying I don't think he's happy with you I understand just as well as you
they're much cut proof sorry that I accidentally gave the points to the
people that rightfully voted for me by but voted for also not my supporters
under knew what they were doing it's a point buyback system okay I'm buying
back some of the points that were being wasted on crumb to give them to the to
the people that earned them by by being on my side actually I don't even know how
the points work I gotta I think I got a double check because really it's just a
it's awarding them to option one and two so at some point I should probably
let the mods know unless I did at some point because I think it basically
always has to be one of us at the top of one of us at the bottom I don't know
if I ever even clarified that oh you clear what chrome clarified that for you
all right look should pay people back into bait points I'm so rich in debate
points I probably could but no handouts all right very brave you're being brave
he's saying goodbye to everybody I think he's trying to I can tell that he's
trying to and you're doing a great job Chrome keep it up really good hustle
much I'll give you 147k channel points for 147 debate points that can't be the
conversion conversion ratio the bait points are invaluable what's the value
of these aren't they basically useless you know what coach I don't know if I
believe that you're doing an appropriate job administering physical therapy here
I'm not seeing a market improvement I mean I just started literally this morning
so you gotta give these things I'd say at least a week a week I mean I'm just
saying I'll probably get it back on his feet in about a week 14.7 debate
points I'll consider it I'll consider it today's the day of great deals for
great Americans making all the deals all over the world and what the main
deal right now is there's too many fucking things to do and I gotta get
out of here so if somebody could hurry up I'm gonna get out of here
hurry up we got this guy's shower actually coach that's on you
you're a therapist you gotta give him a shower because I've tried to clean up
and it's hard he fights but I am fighting for victory which I had today
and then I generously gave back to Chrome while only minorly robbing from
the people and I continue to offer that level of consistency that's a
promise just like all the wolves in chat arooh we're on our way up and
we're never gonna stop yes hello everyone we have this freak but not
hate sock that's a fair point card kinks I'm here to have a little bit of fun
you guys already have some fun watch some videos stick up a little videos
cutting off your music what come on I sent that playlist over for us both to
enjoy well I don't think the gorilla likes it and I don't want to make the
gorilla angry yeah he's here he showed up I've been getting along with the
gorilla great I think he's a good guy gorilla have you been okay the last
couple days I guess so seems fine to me can we really blame the gorilla for
anything the off getting the medal of freedom or something gorilla do you
feel like you deserve an award oh the word of the same hot jam you always
play okay well in case you didn't know Eddie what was your name again okay you
want to say your full name my middle name is Sam after my dad okay I got that
um let's go amongst some webs we've got a lot of webs to catch up with so that's
what we do that's what we do here we just watch a little bit of webs you
know this first one looks like it could be right up your alley Eddie so enjoy
anything silly I plastic I don't even have a voice box I have to borrow this one
don't turn on the light are you going to kill me
no I mean yes but not for a good long while yet I don't want you to go
away she's so good they were kind of having a long conversation I think that
makes it a little less scary I didn't say it was scary I thought it was cute go to
weigh yeah go to weigh do you know her personally I just saying I like that
act I don't I'm unfamiliar with the actress but I'd love to get to know her
better you want to kill the murder doll is that what's happening here I want to
get to know her okay let's see how this makes you feel then that looks like it's a
4.46 that should be a 10 chat you know as well as I knew that was a high quality
video that should be a 10 I think it's a fair score I read poetry and sonnets and
he plays the upright bass
Yamakipiebo, Cedere Fakaba, Windaw Latin Eqos, Yuje, Safa Saray, bit all the he-dogs and
winked at all the she-dogs the town never knew such a hollow balloon as that little
dog raised till the end of that day we just have a good rhythm together you
know he sort of feels me out I feel him out and we go for it
that Kim Ketrol I love that actress Kim Ketrol yeah that's pretty normal is that
from like a comedy is that just a thing she does what it I gotta look this up Kim
I need more context Kim Ketrol scatting not in the sex in the city sense why not
uh what was this for I'm on reddit currently I don't know 2.82 probably a
BTS vignette reddit's not filling me in here but they do say it's from a poem
let's see if this seems legit to you that's okay let's check she's actually
reciting the poem called the little dog's day by Rupert Broek
all in the town we were asleep tell us when the sun came up with a shout and a leap
I don't think I heard all of those lyrics exactly but I was so distracted by her beauty I couldn't
couldn't be blamed for not having perfect recollection who's odd I'll never know I guess
what it's from because we need to move on but good for her for having hobbies or for making a thing
that's strange I'm in support either way whoa dinner theater all right let's jump to the end
new sub goal you know what sure sure that that you know it's about time the wall has been well
cleared at this point and is currently being uh we've spent it we sent an expeditionary
camera into the wall and it only brought back not so much static as um an inky black void and
various screaming noises uh was what we recorded seemingly so I anyway I should my point is I
should make another I should probably make another goal at this point so can you make that for me
Sammy sure I like to click on things okay play my music while I do this play that track I sent you
you where's my music there it is time to update the goal sub goal yodeling class I don't know how to
spell yodeling I'll admit that just like it sounds okay yes a beautiful new sub goal never say I
didn't do anything to you case to me or you at you things everybody does things let's do a couple
more you got a lot of good videos in here worth watching so let's see what else we got a couple of
already disappeared are they all kind of tied in the end they all sort of tied it's a good question
where was chrome because technically his little arrow would have had to stop just short of the middle
of 2025 what do you mean eddie do you know if you can get in trouble for a guy's head
exploding near you I never have okay that makes me feel better um okay just a couple more
oh god I clicked off I clicked off there it is okay and that's a 6.43 in the end we all lost we always do
embrace it sure that was my favorite era of rap the bone era I've never heard anybody call it the bone
era it was the it was ruled by bones bone rap augering future of bone rap augering you know I
liked bone rap too but I I don't I just don't think anybody calls it bone rap I do okay they're going
on tour with Juicy J and a few other artists the bone things have gotten in some trouble over
the years I'm glad if they're still touring he means bone rap they use it in mortuaries
can't get anything past you though I'd like to okay stop stop whatever that is please
look at it's Eric Adams hey if you're in New York you haven't voted yet do it tomorrow would you guess
who I'd recommend the guy who did the Jamaican accent he would be choice number three for me
but I would go is all right if I lived in New York but I don't that's definitely not Cuomo
really I like Cuomo I don't find that surprising why not I just am a fan of some of his work
especially some of the stuff that he did in you know what 2020 around then maybe
uh yeah they might they might mr. whoopie-boo boo anyway I guess that I guess Eddie is endorsing
Cuomo but I don't think our endorsing indoor uh endorphins endorsements mean too much unfortunately
you never know you've got to take all the action you can be sure to vote I'll leave it up to
you Chet to decide whose opinion you find more valuable against me unfortunately you know it's
it's an easier race uh all right let's see what Eric Adams is up to
hey New York is hot outside we must do everything to stay cool take a nice cool drink my favorite one
a few cubes of ice and turn on that tap and you get to New York City tap water nice sip of cool
water it's a champagne of municipal water heat is the number one weather related depth in New York
City listen something about it sit in the cooling center visit a loved one with an air conditioner
enjoy the summer but be safe can't argue with that water's so simple simple life-giving water
you wouldn't believe what happens to people without water you wouldn't believe it
okay well Eric Adams with a strong campaign move there you know eventually he's got to run in this
race too and he's at least endorsing water a PSA it was kind of fun I'll give him that
but not that Eric Adams charm he could win um you know unfortunately not impossible it does seem
a bit unlikely given his open corruption but then again who knows I don't live in New York
I got LA problems really this shining beautiful warm city I love it here I believe that Eddie I
really believe that all right Amal let's go to Amal let's see that again
I wanna be pretty young yeah up I six you won't but a hustle love though at the sales snow
were those taxidermy squirrels being puppeted by electric impulses
no I think those were living squirrels hmm it's a little less impressive than I think it's more
impressive Eddie that's because you don't get how corpses work hmm okay well I think that's probably
the winner of the day and and probably a decent stopping point exclamation point 100 it doesn't
go that high they need to jump over a shark like the fawns they're doing their best they're little
squirrels isn't that right gorilla is it bad that I'm a little afraid of the gorilla he's your
friend you've got to accept people for what they are case you want to come over later no I'm okay
it's an open offer make you a cake make you a pie make you into a cake what's that make you a cake
all right well that's probably all the time we have for today thanks for being here Eddie
I'm happy to do it and I'll be watching wait no we're leaving I'll be watching all of you bye bye
get ready for some redaction action took his time sending it to me but don't worry faithful
viewers I am here I am here ready to break down this whole situation why hasn't the gorilla been
put down for murder question I've been asking myself I've always questioned whether that gorilla
was up to code and now he's gone and made a head explode we all saw it why is case trying to
cover it up I don't know but the question that we're trying to answer today is what's with the
multiverse of crumbs what is a multiverse of crumbs what is a multiverse I've seen enough
Marvel movies to know that they're annoying but are they also real not sure but I do know I'm the
only man who can find out by typing it into YouTube y'all have played five nights at Freddy
you can't kill those she that's a good point but he says he can't find the gorilla I guess he's not
really looking it was right behind him and he was interacting with it so I guess it's back
it's punching somebody's head off really a crime apparently punching the head off the snake
or even identifying the snake is the crime in this country as I've done many times pointing
directly to the head of the snake saying there it is let's get it and then they say uh-uh don't
so that I'm just saying it's kind of where we live in you know and also no violence don't do violence
based on what I say okay multiverse real conspiracy is what I've just typed into the
YouTube search box and the results are as strong as ever the true multiverse of information
is on YouTube it immediately linked me to Joe Rogan I find that shocking
many world theory you're in a parallel universe can you visit your other life this is 40 minutes
long well shit we might have to listen to the scholar Joe Rogan on this then usually we don't
go that deep usually we don't hit the bottom of the well that is Joe Rogan but when the universe
serves up a jre clip I guess you just give it a shot and forced everyone to watch it so let's do that
right now the Joe Rogan experience I bet you guys missed that I'm thinking that one day they're
gonna come up the artificial Luke Skywalker type hands and that people are gonna want them instead
of regular hands that's what I'm worried about wow if they came up with an arm it would sound
terrible they're all like metal on metal unless if you had the skin like simulation it could I could
play guitar with that me I'm talking about you know there used to be I've been told a Joe Rogan
segment on this network that I've seen and I always thought to myself that's stupid that's not how
he sounds but upon hearing him that's how he sounds and I guess that means that that segment
was really smart because I know that he that Joe Rogan's the thought leader so I'm gonna
apologize go ahead and apologize to those two Joe Rogan they do sound actually that's how he sounds
this is how he talks and I guess it's good that he talks that way let's continue self I do some wild
shit I'm talking about self healing bulletproof spider silk hybrid skin like the governments
working on they're working on that right now they're working on some sort of I don't doubt
it man I I said you I went out you want to hear a wild one all right I went on you know one night
fucking smoking I went on a little YouTube form whole situation and somehow just to clarify these
are two two two men of I can't say the word or it'll change segments but men of chemistry is what
we'll say I don't even know if it's a YouTube video or someone else but I wound up on this
video that was like world smartest kid thinks that CERN blew the world up in 2008 okay look I know this
isn't what was requested but I feel like we wouldn't be doing our due diligence and researching the
claims made on the Joe Rogan podcast if we didn't 20 minutes into this we didn't immediately search
world smartest kid CERN and just see where they're coming from here I'm honestly curious
just to search world smartest kid oh great news everybody it was it's right here kid genius says
CERN's large hadron collider has created a parallel universe how the particle let's listen to him he's
the smartest one there is the smartest kid so we'd be fools not to listen to the brain of this
incredibly powerful child all right or alter the weight of one electron and therefore destroyed
our universe shifted us into the universe that's directly next to it and therefore things are
different in this universe the large hadron collider is the world's largest and most powerful
particle accelerator this newest addition to CERN's accelerator complex has been shrouded in
controversies since it started I just say check this out chat listen to how smart this kid is
he's so smart sometimes he sounds like a kid other times he sounds like a full-on adult-ass voice
both of these voices are the kid and you can't convince me otherwise 10th of September 2008
some argued that the accelerator would create another big bang that destroys the world like me
others would open up a black hole that swallows up our planet but none of that happened when the
particle accelerator finally fired up does this mean all the negative speculation around the
collider was baseless maybe or maybe not a young teenager dubbed the world smartest carry claimed
the hardened collider at CERN has pushed our world into another dimension where everything looks
the same but isn't really oh no offlands theories touch on the concept of the mandela effect an attempt
to explain how we may be living in an alternate extension of our universe offlands claims about
a parallel universe be true has CERN opened a portal into an alternate universe that might never
escape yeah get ready to venture into a vast and complex realm very footage there and that
fiction nestled 570 feet beneath the Alps on the swiss-french border the world's largest
experiment the large hadron collider has been the center of attention ever since it was built in 2008
it is a 16.8 mile or 27 kilometer ring of superconducting magnets colder than i'm on the
record is saying i don't think miles and kilometers can be converted i think they're two separate
systems of measurement and you can't measure kilometers with miles so i do disagree with
that part of the video kilometers can't measure miles that's just a fact as far as i'm concerned
but the rest of far has been good than outer space that slams particles together at near light speed
in an ultra-high vacuum the project needed a staggering budget of 8.8 billion dollars which
was provided by the european organization for nuclear research CERN in geneva switzerland
although the investment was massive the collider promised to yield results surpassing all
scientific expectations double time after all it was the brainchild of some of the world's
best minds it was an exciting time for science as the collider promised to test various key
predictions of high energy physics by smashing proton beams together at high speeds now look
at how smart this kid is he can talk this fast without skipping a beat this kid's a genius
was ready to accelerate particles at up to 99.99 of the speed of light and create temperatures in
the trillions of degrees something physicists only dreamed of as a result scientists were
expecting the collider to solve the mysteries of the universe and revolutionize particle
physics and quantum mechanics however every new invention comes with its unique set of risks
and looking at the lhc's incredible powers critics worried that if something went wrong
it could be catastrophic the biggest concern was that cern's collider may accidentally create
a black hole that would consume the earth these fears resulted in a lawsuit filed at the european
convention of human rights with motions against the 20 countries including the us which funded the
project but despite the lawsuit the collider achieved its first collision in 2010 at an energy of 3.5
terra electron volts tv per beam which is about four times the previous world record in 2012 the
lhc announced the discovery of the higgs boson or god particle which was a massive achievement
of the collider however shortly after this extraordinary discovery the lhc was shut down
for two years when the collider became operational in 2015 it had reached 6.5 tv per beam which
meant 13.0 tv total collision oh my god that's so much tv at the end of 2018 it was shut down
again for maintenance and further upgrades reopening over three years later in april 2022
although the large hadron collider was able to evade the claims of creating a black hole at cern
i've actually i i've used my phone to limit myself to four tv per day and that's down from six
so i'm in favor of reducing tv and you can set up you can set up your phone to trek that stuff
for you so i'd recommend it another theory still sticks it was put forth by 13 year old
max laflin who believed that cern has destroyed our universe regarded as a genius child and listed
as the most intelligent young man in the world max laflin surprised every yeah four tv four
hr tv is what my phone is set to per day four hr tv per day one with his scientific abilities
from a very young age he created a device from scratch that was capable of generating energy
without consuming fossil fuels or solar energy his invention was ingenious unfortunately it never
made it to the public for unknown reasons max who has been hailed a young nickle tesla claimed
that the large hadron collider has opened portals to different dimensions he believes the experiments
conducted by physics at cern have the potential to shatter the very name of our ex's according to
his theory experiments at cern over our world to a parallel universe which looks and feels like
our own but isn't really rest assured his claims aren't merely conjectured max argues that
similar tests have been conducted by the european organization because marty is talking
he's walking max's theory of ross inspiration for another phenomenon known as the mandela effect
the term was coined by paranormal researcher fiona brume in 2009 after being convinced that
president nelson mandela had died in prison in reality mandela was released from prison in 1990
and he went on to lead south africa until he died 13 years later but what's perplexing is that
brume wasn't the only one who thought mandela died in prison in fact many people did but how could
so many people remember something that never happened these collective false memories have
since been called the mandela effect max argues that the memories that are dubbed false by the
mandela effect are actually true the only difference is that they occurred in our previous
makes all the sense in the world makes all the sense of the literal of the worlds
makes all the sense of the worlds if you think about it someone asked how do we know he's the
world's smartest kid well let's find out who is the world's smartest kid 10 most brilliant kids
in the universe hmm all of the stuff about this smart kid is about the hadron collider
let's see i need more information on the world's smartest kid
and i'll bet i can find it so let's see maybe i just gotta go closer i gotta do something rare
and go to tiktok i'll never do this because you know tiktok has messed me to meanwhile youtube is
one of the few places that allows the truth still okay world's smartest kid
oh good baby gron just great i think i stopped baby gron shut up i think i found it
baby gron just i definitely found it let's see let's see what they have to offer us here
is the world's smartest kid rizdub liby done again baby gronk went to liby's gymnastic
meet to try to win back liby when liby saw baby gronk in the stands she waved to him and made
a heart with her hands after the meet baby gronk rizdub liby and they even hugged again
is baby gronk officially the riz king baby gronk just rizdub liby there you have it smartest kid in
the world just rizdub liby and i searched smartest kid and that's what came up and after seeing what
he's putting down and frankly the not age appropriate women that he's apparently pulling i know
that he's operating at at least a college level and that's crazy for a kid his age i don't know how
old he is but he's a kid he's a child unless he was the guy in the bottom in which case he's an adult
now listen i don't know who in that video was the smartest child but i know one of them is
and frankly in enough multiverses any of them could be the world's smartest kid
in an infinity amount of multiverses which do exist because i used to think apple jacks were called
apple crimps and actually now that i think about it it's just because i was in a universe where apple
jacks were called apple crimps i also used to think that spudgybomb queer pants well see that's
what i call in my universe i'm pretty sure he was called spudgybomb queer pants and where
that's actually we still use queer to mean weird then here apparently he's spudgybomb squarepants
so i don't even know i'm not quite sure which universe i'm from but i'm slowly locating in on it
based off all the things that i definitely am not misremembering that i'm correctly remembering
from a different timeline entirely so hold the facts the baby gronk fact smartest kid in the
universe facts close to your chest keep your eyes clear clearly focused on the universe that you want to
exist in and don't let anybody ever tell you that you're wrong about anything because in a
certain universe you're for sure right and that's why i've been happy to be right with all of you
today and we've also done the thing where we seize the truth aka temper truth bye bye everybody
when the more stuff coming up now it's a whirlwind today of all the news ever turning off segment
requests because we're deep in now and we haven't even clicked on all the articles everybody shared
hello okay hello it's a big news day yeah it's a i'm a little confused i do feel like i was slightly
lied to because the news was we were geared up for war oh you you feel let down i'm not saying it's good
it's good we sent anderson cooper over there more or less we had so many like faces in the middle east
ready to stand in front of explosions in the distance and we don't just roll out that kind of
thing for a 12 days girmish they can keep anderson don't say that that's a close and personal guy i've
been in an elevator with and we made eye contact when we were in there and we respect each other
okay i'm just saying it's been a confusing 24 hours i haven't even looked at an update yet
are we still at peace or uh i again when i started this dream it it was um not entirely clear what
exactly was happening i'm not sure if israel or iran have confirmed the ceasefire that
trump claims they have but hopefully i'm again i hopefully they have as crazy as all of this was
hopefully there's at least up ceasefire for a while but had they denied i i don't think they've
denied it either um and i i as far as i could tell iran was like very open to not going to war with
us understandably so i think the real question will be will israel
iran has said no okay is that new i don't know let's look it up let's use our news powers
israel and iran agree on ceasefire to end 12 year war says trump that's what roiders is running with
let's see iran denies ceasefire is that a thing
iran says it a courtesy of the bbc at least um iran says it will stop attacks if israel does after
trump says ceasefire was agreed to so that's from an hour ago but all of this is news that's
breaking all over our faces huff post it agrees but hasn't heard from israel yeah that that was my
understanding as well even before this stream started is that it there were at least feelers from
the iranian government that they would stop but so far we haven't received confirmation from israel
so that's a little worrisome because israel loves warring mr whoopie boo boo how could you type
how could you type how could you the season of israel attacks is really dense with plot
developments yes it's just a tv show right yeah that makes you feel better that makes all
americans feel better it we're just getting entertained and then eight snacks yeah that's
pretty disgusting definitely a lot of people that live that way but not you case hey i'm guilty of
all the sins what well you know the classic seven ones except maybe murder was that one of them
yeah the we replaced murder with loving snacks adultery replace adultery with eating too much red meat
okay and i'm probably guilty of most of them um a lot of blood for a tv show well you know
yes i can't i can't tell just from uh scanning these news websites i still can't really tell what
the fuck is going on murder isn't a sin what are the seven deadly sins is it just an anime
this is the fact you guys really need so you don't have to watch any old kevin spacing movies to
figure it out or read the bible lust gluttony greed sloth wrath envy and pride okay yeah so it
wouldn't really make too much sense to throw a murder in there but all of them can lead to murder
yeah i think we're all probably guilty of those seven at some point and according to this there's
an eighth sin actually yes the eighth sin of brows additional article contents are you gonna
commit that sin right now no i won't click on that one can we still watch k-packs k-packs is
actually sin-free that one's a gift from god k-packs is one of the greatest films of all time i'm
sorry i won't hear otherwise k-packs the uncancellable k-packs i'll give up house of cards
but i can't give up k-packs how does sloth lead to murder well of yourself right because your
body falls to shit yeah if you encourage sloth and those around you all of them lead to murder
okay case is convinced let's see what the news our friends at the kreem dot team have shared
which you can too in the bin section of the kreem dot team will continue clicking on
the various news wire websites to try to get any sense of how real the not war is
or how real the war war is it could be a war or a not war seems like it's been a war that we've
been trying to say isn't a war now we're trying to say the not war is no longer war so i'm in
favor of some version of their not being war so hopefully one of them is real hopefully something
is real we're just holding up for anything that feels real in this world but uh also as we were
going on to the stream at least um there were still active bombings happening uh seemingly in
iraq there were like bases in iraq getting bombed or parts of iraq getting bombed there's also been
more bombing as far as i can tell in iran so i again i the ceasefire technically wasn't active
when we went live and it was supposed to be active like six hours from when trump posted that thing
or something basically we're all gonna have to wait and see just how much war we're still
watching i guess as gross as that sounds nothing has been real since 2007 case wake up
jet jet jeff jeff jeff stop trying to rattle me from my strong reality foundation is it strong yes
enough okay what's what's going on this is a little bit of a new straight off twitter oh boy my
favorite new straight from twitter formerly known as the x or currently or something i don't know
three middle age school sorry three middle school girls of middle school age actually
in katsu uh katsu shika tokyo say that they got sick after drinking a sealed juice drink
an unknown man gave them that tasted funny no substances were detected in the beverage one
comment equipped reminds me of the first time i tasted dr pepper what i mean gross awful guy
but also they actually drank the drink they got from a total stranger i guess it was sealed but still
how thirsty are you if drinking a drink from an unknown guy i mean it's not their fault
that they were potentially poisoned by a stranger but iran i hope they don't do that again
and obviously i hope he doesn't do that again okay and this was honestly news from earlier but it
was shared trump announces ceasefire in iran israel war iran to halt its fire if israel stops
but as i've heard they're the most moral army on the planet the bar for morality is never been
then less existent so anyway again hopefully yeah hopefully they're done for now i mean ideally forever
but we will see youtube will add an ai slop button thanks to google's vo3 let's make youtube the one
stop shop for ai slop what wait does this mean a button to report ai slop or just to watch it
i told you ai slop was coming for your youtube content and did you believe me i don't know
maybe you did but if you didn't believe me you certainly will now according to youtube and this
isn't me talking this is me reading an article from gizmo doe just so you know thank you for
for sourcing your source that you're reading i'm reading out loud youtube is getting um
wednesday okay uh according to youtube ceo neil mohan who gave a keynote at the kanz lions
international festival of creativity on wednesday youtube is getting a new tool that generates
shorts from scratch by scratch i mean with the help of google's recently unveiled the vo3 ai generator
generator that's right a one stop shop for ai slop is incoming which should be great if you like not
ever knowing what's real or fake and i'd say one alarming thing about that sentence is if you
click on the ai slop generator button and can't figure out what's real then that's worrisome
well i think they more so mean once you generate the slop from scratch and then post it i guess it's
not necessarily labeled as ai slop anymore what's real you're already broken you've they broke you with
just that one explanation jeff now i'm can are you real i don't know jeff are you real of course
yes i work for the slop you work for vo3 i don't think livensleezy works for google as far as i know
but if they do then we are your slot babies treat us nicely livensleezy i've heard the word slot more
this week than my entire life okay i do like to say the word slop i was gonna say yes the ripple
effect the multiversal ripple in some universe i have to be real right and maybe it's this one
yeah jeff i don't know you should know oh man that's um unsurprising oh great look at this piece of
hot content that you could make maybe people are using vo3 to bring history to life in the form
of logs all right guys we are headed to troi right now we've been trying for 10 years and we still
can't get in i'll let you guys know if anything happens all right quick update the trojan seriously
locked it down we're gonna regroup figure something out i'm gonna see if there's another way we can get
in so i've been thinking it through i was thinking if we hide in something let's see him eat that let's
see him eat that bread again this is a classic bread move so i've been thinking it through i was
thinking if we hide in something and tell him it's a gift they'll let us in the only thing i have
to figure out is what that's something is all right little sneak peek look at hey guys it's jeff
i'm reading the news right now i'm gonna keep reading the news what are you doing i'm just testing it
out if this is what's hot right now then i gotta get in on this hey i'm on a i'm on a guy's twist
stream and i'm there and i'm gonna i can't do it i can't write that well on the fly write that well
big j-dub loves those videos uh well hey i'm glad someone's entertained
i can make tons of these for ben oh perfect case can you stop not having fun with the magic
technology that lets you create vlogs for jack the ripper or whatever why does that what comes to
mind i don't know because you can it can be jack the ripper but he's in the simpsons house and
he's gonna kill marge you can make whatever you want now isn't that good um oh you love the
oh you love the bible ones you can make the bible vlog i'm jesus i've been crucified i'm sure that exists
of course it does and soon everything will have you heard of prompt theory it's the theory that
we're not all exhausted by this and that it's not just deeply deeply boring oh that's what prompt
theory is i think i think that's what prompt theory is it's it's it's the theory that we didn't reach
unimaginable heights of technology only to just be incredibly depressed by the results
oh that's a kind of agree with that theory it's a really hot theory right now
surely the simpsons has already done that maybe yeah yeah all right well anyway that's
what's going on with uh youtube can can make case papito and gorilla hosting bin
there you have it hey have at it do you get ai up whatever you like uh again i'm not so much
against the technology as i am um against the people who are selling it to us and inserting it
into everything but enough complaining let's keep nosing yes from the times the hidden health
risks of alcohol free beer demand for low and no booze drinks is rising but the sugar content
is high we just can't have anything nice we get a ceasefire it's not a ceasefire we get a alcohol
free beer it's still makes me burp why are you burping right now because i drink a bunch of
alcohol free beers and all i got from it was this diabetes t-shirt he's you can't escape
i think the mistake that was i was while i was drinking those i was like do i even like the
taste of this and i think the answer is no it kind of tasted like corn syrup i mean just sugar yes
well you probably had a bad alcoholic beer you should try um spider man's alcoholic beer
spider man tobey maguire is non-alcoholic beer no the other one
andrew garfield's non-alcoholic beer no the other one eat a parker okay never mind
jeff bezos and loren sanchez's tension-filled wedding moves location okay sorry i read that
totally wrong jeff bezos and loren sanchez's tension-filled wedding moves locations day before
48 million dollar event it's a wild sentence why is it tension-filled uh i think he did mean
tom holland who all right can you just read the bezos article i was jeff bezos and loren
sanchez's lavish italian wedding is days away but a mid-tension-filled protests from the local
community and global unrest the soon-to-be newlyweds are reporting liiiih facing some last minute changes
okay what are they report claim that a party plan to take place on the scola grande della
uh missy ricordia on saturday night has now been moved to another venue in the arsonel area of the
city because bezos 61 and sanchez 55 surprisingly age-appropriate for a billionaire congratulations
are already attracting protests the tension-filled will be easier to control at the new location
a wedding protest you have to be really despised for people to hate your wedding
loren sanchez was an latv news anchor she's part of the team case professional courtesy
we have to be down for her to get married hey good for them i guess getting married i think there's
bigger things to protest than their marriage which i'm guessing is what people are protesting
why not just do the wedding in space says guadigherie can't have protests up there
not yet oh but from with the power of ai we can have like um marcus aurelius talking about
stoicism while getting eaten by a black hole and he looks like the mom from textures laboratory
with the thick one that's a lot to prompt that's a lot to prompt but you can add whatever
ingredients you want and it'll spit out something beautiful that's incredible it's really incredible
technology all right well uh best of luck to loren sanchez and her lizard husband
hopefully they lizard it up together two lizards of a feather lizards could have had feathers at
one point right weren't birds lizards at some points whatever martin kove got the boot from
washington state fan convention over the weekend after he allegedly assaulted a fellow cobra kai
female cast member and police had to be involved that's pretty awful according to the report from the
puyalu police department alisha hanakim accused the karate kid icon of biting her so hard on the arm
he damn near drew blood and then he kissed her arm when she yelled out in pain that's
very rabid and insane behavior oh that is i was like oh so it's not a sex thing and then two seconds
later i was like oh nope that's a still a sex thing yes he both did just sort of aggravated
physical assault and then he's like i could add another type of assault to this and he did that
is that what they meant by all the stuff they said in cobra kai is that with them no i think
i think they were just going for violence to give cobra kai credit but that's very creepy and
unfortunate dang guess he is living like an ai prompt yeah he added in a bunch of random
shit at the end diddy's male sex mule the punisher reveals he received penis implant why is everybody
getting dick implants lately are they good now a dick implants good now should we all be getting
them i'm pretty sure they're not good and i would argue just be comfortable with your
own body i refuse not if i can get a thick implant of what like b pollen or something in there what no
it's like a they're putting pumps in their dicks i don't even know if it makes it bigger i think it
might just let you pump it up to get it harder like you can get hard on command with a a penis
pump implant at least that's the one we've read about most recently but let's see what this
newsworthy dick implant is classic stuff the punisher opened up about that is insane that
we're calling him that but i guess it's a courtesy of all hip hop com and i respect that news outlets
so i will call it whatever they want the punisher opened up about his experience with diddy and
cassie and how ed led him to get a penis implant the punisher who's associated with the sex trial
that's fun we've all decided uh to talk about at least revealed that he had a erectile dysfunction
which led him to undergo a penis implant procedure is it the pump one
we're gonna go ahead and just say yeah it's the pump one you got the pumps you got the pump
pop a pump installed in his penis yeah it's like an inflatable mattress pump you have to plug it in
and it's like and i never quite inflates it as much as you want oh that's the worst i thought
they'd be good by now is it still the big box thing like the weird little you know you have to have
like that hellraiser cube thing clunk it on the ground it's always heavier than you'd think
and the fan gets clogged eventually you're like what the fuck why is there's so much lint in here
what even is lint yeah that's how the penis pump works too oh that sucks ass and it pisses me off
okay well that's understandable but you know we have to work with the penis technology that
we've got and that's the best we can do right now i want to put my penis up with like a you
know a cool iphone it's not an app yet can you can make it an app yet so i can pump my penis up with
an iphone app instead of having to get a mattress pump it's very frustrating all right moving on i
guess i won't get anything jammed into my cock the disclosure around the zombie dong in 28 years
later can we show it can we show it case can we please show it i've heard it's huge i need to
it why does everybody want to see this big zombie penis because it's big if it's real big a real small
we all got to see it honestly even if it's normal we're like oh it's normal a penis just can't win
no it can win if it's super huge if it's small then it's funny if it's normal it's disappointing
and if it's huge then it's too much but funny it's just funny either way it's always a little
funny penises are a little bit funny look let's get this out of the way at the top there's a giant
penis and 28 years later okay what's the facts on this and am i am i about to scroll through to it
that's a great question let me scroll down and make sure there's not just a huge penis in here okay
no there's not case is saying there's not that's sad in the movie we meet okay spoilers we meet zombies
sort of uh the particular alpha in this movie is named samson and he's got a giant dong
samson was played by she lewis perry who is a former mma fighter and he's six eight his giant penis
was a formidable thing to see flapping around see chases people in the in the movie there's a
typo there get it together no film school dot com um but here was actually there's a practical
reason for it with a 13 year old actor elphi will be williams onset actual nudity was prohibited
okay so if you can't have real nudity you had to improvise and thus they used prosthetic genitals
for all the infected oh it's not even really a huge flapping dong it's another implant
i guess it's another implant does that make it less funny of course it's it's always funny it's a penis
and it's cool that's the thing with penises they're funny and they're cool and no one
else has anything else to say about them oh that's okay i didn't know that you wouldn't
developer builds tool that scrapes youtube comments uses ai to predict where users live
what see look at all the cool things ai is doing for us why did they make this
uh because they can the developer claims the tool is for cops oh then i'm i'm back on board
oh your background oh yeah as long as the cops have it look as long as it's the cops scraping all
of your social media used to guess where you are then it's fine i do agree that i think that's worse
well that's because you hate technology i don't think technology is the problem in this equation
it's all the people using it again and in particular cops but hey palantir wanted to do this with all
of our data anyway so i guess ai is just getting in on the fun they love to have fun israel around
updates israel and arana agree to ceasefire says trump still still we're still doing that i hope
we're still doing that that's abc news sharing that pretty particular piece of information
um but oh yeah also in good news that we didn't cover but in case anybody missed it uh
mohamud khalil was released so that's actually positive news i mean he's still i guess is gonna
have to deal with the legal system for no fucking good reason in my opinion but i'm glad that he
actually got out of detention so that's positive anyway should we click on this um the night at
seven eastern so it already happened so i don't know i did notice that aoc immediately was like
on his left that's columbia graduate she had something to do with this activist mohamud but maybe she
did i don't know khalil it is first broadcast interview since his release on bail from ice detention
khalil spent more than three months in custody becoming a father in that time i think that moment is
indescribable it's basically a combination of full of joy but also is this really happening
a federal judge ordered his immediate release on bail over the weekend the trump administration argues
his continued presence in the united states poses a threat to foreign policy and that he
participated in protests that fostered a hostile environment for jewish students ah see they're
still reporting all of the stuff that landed him in prison well the stuff that was claimed
that is crazy though how when you get unlawfully detained the reason you were unlawfully
detained sort of just gets fed into every news article i mean you know what else are they gonna do
but uh it's a weird it's a weird system uh palantir like the orb from lord of the rings that is
literally what they named it after the military technology company uh that wants to spy on everyone
did in fact name themselves after the all-seeing orb from lord of the rings intentionally so that's
fun that's fun to know that they're fans of pop culture too oh yeah i really love that palantir
they like they like pop culture that makes them a lot more relatable it's such a relatable
military technology cooperation deeply embedded in the government what is an aphrodisiac what
researchers have classified aphrodisiacs into three main categories increase potency
enhance sexual pleasure and boost sexual desire and there you have it after that the whole
article is just about oysters no it's got coffee ginger pistachios honey chocolate did token do it
token dirtier than amazon i don't even think they bought the rights they really did it's kendall
everyone oh shit who's that walking over here guys the dalis cheerleaders are getting a payback
finally some good news i know case was excited about the kama kaleel thing but this
just it for the dalis cheerleaders hey do you think that's good they deserve to be paid a little
bit more i think they're a big part of the brand kendall you want to report this stuff live
she doesn't well apparently they're getting paid $15 and now they're gonna get paid $75
an hour per game that sounds yeah $75 an hour per game that sounds like game and rehearsal
i don't know if like training counts but like rehearsals count games shows as someone with a
pretty high day right for various things i do 75 sounds like a lot but it really depends on how
much you're working yeah and like what the actual demands are and the expertise required
like if that's yeah like 225 a day like if they're only working they only consider them to be working
like three or four hours a day like what it's just practice and then games then but you basically
have to treat it like a full-time job then that's potentially not that much but hey if it's a pay
raise i'm glad that they got something that's insane though given that now they're like
a they're part of like a multi-million dollar hugely famous brand i'd argue they're a pretty
essential part of it now they're an essential part of that brand's marketing because they have
like a pretty popular netflix show they did not touch on appearances usually when they do an appearance
that's $500 flat okay but like they have they didn't touch on that i don't know if there's an increase in
appearances i just suspect they're probably still it's a billion dollar brand there you go
yeah that's not it actually makes sense i guess there's so many billion dollar sports franchises
good for them for getting paid more i hope they get paid even more yeah i just took two
netflix documentary seasons unfortunately that's crazy how much do the guys on the bench get paid
i don't know you put more i bet more thousands though i mean if you're not a huge celebrity
or like a a more famous football player even if you're getting paid a lot for the years you're
working they often end up kind of getting screwed by the system as well i don't know
no i told case guys that if i was reincarnated into a taller hotter more flexible dancer woman
and i didn't care about politics i would do everything to get on the top of our cheerleaders team
that's just because you want to be on a reality tv show for some reason
because they feel special for five years for five years well six some some of them have done it
for eight apparently yeah but the i guess the the majority of them maximum five
but it's not that hard to make like a 22 year old feel like they're special i felt special
when i was taking like improv classes in chicago at 22 you just got to lower your expectations
you can feel special anywhere you are all like 22 ish you know what i mean it is wild uh kennel's
watching this in the what it's like 285 k plus oh would you love kennel if she was a cowboy cheerleading
worm yes of course i absolutely i'd love her just the same uh 285 k plus for starting it for like
bench riders great again again that's like good money it's just uh it's in a sport where your
shelf life is potentially really short salute matt ladell the bin cap guru salutes to matt of course
okay uh what time is it i have two hours and two and a half hours i got to hurry up and
been streaming for almost three hours i know my food's blocked now well
i ordered it for you baby anyway that's my news it's not kpop but you dated a marlin's panthers dancer
of course live in sleazy has personal experience with every story we bring up live in sleazy it's
all improv i rest my case your honor no i live in sleazy it somehow does do it bro i told me my
sister yesterday
live in sleazy only reports the facts and then live in sleazy said it's improv
the live in sleazy says to this point is improv i rest my case live in sleazy is the only person on
this network reporting facts and i stand behind that 100 also had mail they also had mail mermaids
you don't think the marlins had mail mermaids half improv who's to say that's not full
improv to say he's half improv he's to say that's not that's not full improv i rest my case your honor
okay but if i can find pictures of mail mermaids you could be pretty upset if there are pictures of
mail mermaids that means anyone can look up mail mermaids and anyone could say that there are
mail mermaids i rest my case your honor i can't find any marlin's pictures of mail mermaids i rest
my case your honor you just clawed my hand i'm so sorry i'm under attack or like lions
what's the story with the fake marlins man behind home plate okay i don't know
i don't know what are the last stories tom brady wins one million at a fanatics fest okay
bettix founder fred smith who revolutionized package delivery has died
and very very normal and cool government agency flew same christian nationalist flag as the
elitos okay one more thing i hate to i hate to say it but skynar is in on it with live and
sleazy i rest my case your honor i gotta move my hand um skimer no well whatever i don't i don't
agree everything live in sleazy says it's true and i'm gonna continue to report that like like
it's a fact case is all about the facts courtesy of live in sleazy the mail mermaid is a merman
that's why you can't find it that makes more sense there's no need to keep googling it i already
believe it take his band hammer then who will even be wielding it it's a breechy are you ever
gonna get more mods we'll see if we ever get more viewers then i'll get more mods
you can pay me $50 now i do mods okay and same
i have to go get kendall's computer fix this week one of my goals
i called a place to be like do you come to in house deliver like repairs and they're like yes
and kendall's like hang up well they said it's $150 they said it's $150 an hour to come to your house to
repair your computer well it's cheaper than i don't know it's cheaper than the headache of it
constantly turning off and it making you feel bad well then we ask him to leave i need to run this
diagnostic and take two and a half hours and then i can run another diagnostic
here's the dilemma kendall needs her computer for work it's on enough that she can edit with it
and if we take it in then she like can't do her job i guess i could take it in while you are in
the office one day maybe i should do that oh yeah okay i'm gonna do that we figured it out that's
why we say things out loud i talk out loud all the time i have hair that came out of my
mouth just now bye kendall we're talking things out still no i think we're done with this for now
we gotta go to the streets and stop streaming aww i wanted to say more news wait just just
can i at least check in with the potential war that stopped or didn't all right we'll check in
with the war that stopped or didn't okay courtesy of Reuters when was this from 11 minutes ago
11 minutes ago let's see
israel and aran agree to cease fire israel military says missiles fired from aran
aran's foreign minister says there is no agreement yet white house israel on board as long as there
are no more aranian attacks all of these bullet points really kind of are contradicting both each
other and the headline so i'd still say i'm a little confused as to what's going on
we're just reporting the facts all we're doing is reporting facts all day long
is it ai and maybe that's the ai summary i guess we have to check in with the the body of the
text which is carefully written us president donald trump announced monday yes we already know there
was no confirmation from israel and the israeli military said it had detected missiles launched
from aran towards israel in the early hours of tuesday okay defensive systems are operating to
intercept the threats that israeli defense forces um israel has carried out a tax yes on the
assumption that everything works as it should which it will i would like to congratulate
both countries israel and aran on having the stamina courage okay that was a statement
it seems like after a couple hours of announcing a ceasefire probably that's enough time for both
countries to weigh in on if the ceasefire is real is that right am i am i off base here
what's off base anymore who's a ceasefire and what is a war your voice is getting higher and higher
i'm just asking questions what's happening i just want to know so that i can say the news
right i think we'll just have to wait and see just to have time to lock on new targets god i hope not
we demand a parlay maybe that's the problem they're not following pirate law we need to get
calypso from pirates of the caribbean to emerge from the ocean and sanctify the end of the
pirate war am i under something i don't think so jeff darn it jd vance also wants to know
also wants to know what is war well jd okay can we retire the jd vance bit well can jd
vance retire case who you are is jd vance supposedly jd vance um was part of the like
america first contingent and didn't want any of this stuff to happen but he's such a fucking totie
you know it just doesn't matter what he wants it literally doesn't matter at all he will do
whatever trump or the forces that back him tell him to do and say so there's really that's why i'm like
particularly uh unsure of this wild uh ceasefire announcement from trump is
it seems like all the forces aligned around this war and backing the administration want the war
israel the american military deep state for lack of a better word um it seems like they all
are very horny to get like the full green light on bombing around for like the next year
so that's why i'm not particularly um optimistic about the chances of this ceasefire
but again i would really love to be wrong so hopefully i am
okay you know what you made me not want to read the news anymore with your blah blah blahs
suckin all the air out of the news case why you gotta go and why you gotta go and blame me
on that it's not a song jeff wait i'll find it there's a song like that why you gotta
why you gotta go and don't go chasing waterfall i can't find it i know darn it
vance we not at war with iran we are at war with our nuclear program he did say that he did
say uh we are not at war with iran we are at war with our nuclear program
is the thing he actually said out loud and he just said it again okay yes i get it i look like
him are him so you can actually just go to war with parts of the country uh so
i would just say that that should be open policy for the entire global community they can declare war
on just really specific maybe even just a singular golf course in florida we could declare war on that
i'm just saying you know as long as we can declare war on individual things maybe all of
nato can just declare war on like one particular residence in florida case i'm just saying
you know as long as it's an option dc no no just further just go down to the foot of america
okay anyway disney uh all right let's uh go to the streets it's street time indeed and
the the news actually ripples all the way to the streets and and as you might know that's my name
and so in a sense the streets are the ripple of me which is who i am makes sense to me and so
what i said was good bye bye nine ten glasses i got to put them on like why can't i see a single thing
and now it all makes sense good to see everybody i am in fact trip bradstein different guy than
the guy before with a slightly different voice uh and i'm here to talk to the whole dang streets
actually that's sort of my deal looks like we're already loaded up with five hot opinions
i can't stop the opinion train because case refuses to fix my button uh so i will try to
get through every opinion that's shared but also i'm being told that we got to get the
fuck out of here pretty soon so just keep that in mind i might have to keep some of these
opinions a little brief if we get a whole metric ton of them which you never know we might
okay uh yes yes yes yes uh you there you've got an opinion for me i am in fact still trippy b
emergency alert emergency alert this is the twitch content alert a national emergency
has been declared we are ceasing all streams momentarily please follow the national emergency
alert system for more information all right that's fine stop the stream i'll do these opinions just
freestyle on the streets i don't need an audience go ahead emergency alert this is the
twitch content alert a national emergency has been i heard you declared we are ceasing all streams
momentarily please allow the national emergency alert system for more information yes i understand
any opinion on that emergency alert okay you son of a bitch i don't trust that you're a robot this is
the twitch content alert a national emergency has been oh my god how dare you we are ceasing all streams
momentarily okay get the fuck out i will turn on the fan big fan i knew it i freaking knew it
okay says to fix these alerts apology subritchie freaker should not be on right now and yet it is
tell me how that makes sense tell me how uh yes you there who are you and what do you want
hey have i have i have i ever told you i have a criminal record for for obstructing
stop trying to hide your voice rob lupy lupy twisty way
and there you go using the there you go using the fan again
can you just do it if i call for it can you just do it come on i'm playing into you using
the fan can you just do it i don't know rob actually kind of wanted to talk to you about
i don't know maybe your opinion of um there's a classic roller coaster i believe at bush gardens
in virginia called the hurler and it was wanes world themed and i believe they changed the theming
of it eventually but i thought it was a classic did you ever get to ride that one i'm honestly curious
oh my god you want to talk you actually want to talk about the hurler uh yeah i have so yes
that got me fired up okay it was at king's dominion and he didn't even fucking notice
this he didn't even notice and as far as i'm concerned he never would have corrected me
uh yes you there
what are you doing i'm not an elf i'm not an orblen i'm a gnome and you've been
a ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho okay sure sure sure sure i'm fine with that
yes you there hey i'm trend might have heard of me okay apparently the trailers i've watched
are too samey to the point i've decided to jump the shark from the theater watch them go to
old classic movies on tcm hopefully my parole officer doesn't mind why is your hair so
white trend what now we're in a meeting i just don't accept anyone who claims to be anyone they are
what the hell does that mean i don't accept it anyone who claims to be anyone they are
what sorry fan for you what would do i'm like a character here what i mean a person i'm a real
person whoa he does he's look too old and trance famously a teenager uh yes you there um
i'm zombie crumb and i want some brains yum yum i'm zombie crumb brain me up like
Leonard crumb yep yummy brain time for me and it looks like crumb yeah on the undead
i am really fricked off at rinaldo munch munchpert i'm so confused by people like you
that want to masquerade is crumb no i am him the zombie one i'm a also give me money
why would you why would you want to be crumb no because i am i have no choice
anyway i'm uh i love to i love to play uh scratching snaps or something oh my god at
least learn about crumb what no i am i'm zombie crumb okay let's see who's next for me
uh yes you there my trip have you forgotten about him trip what is happening with this one
have you
why are you a face on a face can i borrow five dollars you'll have to talk to my hamster account
what you gotta have it yourself no you can go talk to my hamster account it's how he pays the rent
is by being my accountant the rent on my bush that i imposed i'll admit i'm a landlord for the bush
that i claimed that's too much when you're being weird i'm being weird you're a face on a nose on a
mouth rude i'm so a fan but rude got him got his ass okay else wants to talk to me
clinging to my sanity all right yes can't click on that one yes you there you've got a question for me
oh yeah what is going on here i'm hushy squirts i work out here you can use a pump pail
i personally train to 49 dollars an hour for a sandwich and coffee you ready to pump pail
what what are you working out currently doing calves
the thing is oh if you focus enough on tensing your muscles you don't even have to raise off the
ground to work out your calves currently i'm just i'm just focusing on flexing and
un-flexing my calves you can get a good pump that way you can hurt your calves though you gotta
know what you're doing that's why you need a trainer are you like in the witness protection program
how is your voice this deep i just was born with a deep ass voice do you are you interested in my
services what you are you mostly trained calves full body flexation
work out you gotta work on the name it's look the whole pitch is more so related to
you can see how fit i am i feel like we're in the exact same shape excuse me i got a good pump
going every day no offense but my body is way tighter than yours okay well look i'll uh talk to
my hamster talk to my hamster that's how he handles all my finances maybe i'll give it a shot is this
like one of those things where you sign me up for three years and i don't realize it no this is
just 49 dollars an hour or a coffee and a sandwich those are drastically different amounts just so
you know in this economy uh with inflation the way it is i'm thinking they're the same trip okay
you got me there i got your ass in there okay i'm gonna sign you up for three years wait don't
do that though three years of flexing my calves my calves won't explode okay uh yes uh yes yes yes
you there what do you've got for me i'm trippy b yes do you think the zombie penis in 28 years later
was too big i haven't i've all right i'll admit it i looked it up on twitter it's big
was it too big do you think people would be intimidated if you're working with that kind of size
um i think they'd be impressed but there'd probably be certain people that like
if it's that big or like i don't know maybe we'll just do hand stuff but you think they'd still
do hand stuff are you trying to brag about having a massive zombie dong no the opposite
look i know a lot of guys are obsessed with size but frankly it can be too big and it sounds
masculine and strong but being rejected for any reason still can hurt your self-esteem and
when a lady trips over your penis on the way to the bathroom and says that's it i'm going home
it hurts it hurts well also they might be scared of you because you're undead
i'm here oh can i eat your whole brains nope be sure yes okay i'm gonna try later though oh man
consent is key specifically with the sexual aspect but also don't eat my brains
but the more real one is probably the bigger problem um
yes uh let's see who else has an opinion on for me okay my gosh sorry having some trouble
wrangling this this opinion is squirming all over the place squirming ass opinion just a second
gotta wrangle this opinion to the floor who the frick yes you there um i'm crumb from an alternate
dimension what where munch got destroyed by a gorilla um you know what no let me replace
the zombie crumb uh so things would go back to normal pass what i don't have control over that
kind of thing i'm trip bradstein all that you have here are opinions that's all you can give me and all
i can give back this is a realm of pure opinion um well but i am basically crumb you look very
different and you also seem to be a baby nope in my dimension this is how all adults look
look actually it's not benjamin button dimension it's baby all the way through your born baby
you grow a full-sized body but it's baby what does that mean it's a big baby body in here but your
face it stays pretty baby only the eyebrows grow and that's how we know when people are older
i'm from the baby big eyebrow dimension and that's what we call it we're aware of multi
dimensional reality in my dimension very advanced but baby all right well pass but i have so much
knowledge to give and i want to help well i don't like you what what did i do i don't know i just
don't like you i gotta be honest and it's all about opinions from my opinion not a fan what but i'm a
big fan no not the fan i'm not a big fan i'm a big fan well i'm not i'm not i'm just being honest
with his baby adult baby ass okay let's talk to whatever this thing is that thing doesn't want to
talk never mind come on talk to me i'm trippy b talk to me won't do it one second surely this guy
will talk nope the streets are refusing to talk today okay but this guy uh yes you there
do you want to talk to me i'm in fact trippy b yes yeah what's the question yes what's up
oh what do you want okay wait what no you're must not moving you son of a trickster bitch
oh you fras my ass thought it was him uh okay yes yes yes are you there what do you want from me
i'm this doesn't look right at all okay yes you there i just got out of the hospital
for a cringe overdose
i can't be a doer
my gen z coworker referred uh to his manager as ony on teams today okay what's going on here
yes as an ony chan we are cooked as a species
wait are you trying to do cringe content or are you mad at cringe content
hmm all right i can't i'm turning the fan off whatever i'm not mad oh please don't do
i gotta i gotta get a camera on that fan so you guys can see what's coming
uh yes yes yes you there next creature please what's your deal is the grudges his father this guy is
what the grudges his father this kind i don't want to keep having to ask but i just don't know
what you're saying oh god this is fine this kind i'm hearing the word ceasefire which i'm in favor of
but i just could just talk slower
that somehow didn't help faster
um i'm just gonna say yes to a ceasefire okay but
are you supposed to be arnold what is with this voice um i'm in favor of any type of ceasefire
but this guy is the fire this guy no no big fan all right let's keep going
let's continue yes you are you again okay that's all you got then bye bye
well wait i actually want to talk about okay yes you uh would you believe it i'm another version
of crumb where my best friend al munchester is alive what's happening why am i why is the wind so
strong sorry but technically i thought it was the same guy because it sort of is so i applied my fan rule
all right uh yes you there what do you want from me i am still drippy bee all right
if this last one is who i think it is i'm getting the fuck out of here right after it just calling
my shot a loop-de-loop twisty we you're unbanned i'm not rob elvie but i am a fan of him i accept the
fan though i accept it i think i just had a bold idea and i will be having i think to limit
the exclamation point trip redemptions to about three per person we'll start at three
and see how that goes just because i want to set expectations in a realistic place for the amount
of opinions i can handle from from an individual source okay yes you there with crumbs estate do
you remember that time crumb borrowed money from you for whatever reason your role your assault
beneficiary so uh i guess what i'm here to say is you're even and you're even entitled why
all right why would i care i didn't i turned on the fan
i didn't listen to what he was saying i bet it didn't help me at all
uh yes you there what's your deal tech support here to cover your charges on computer repair
are you from a different dimension i'm just tech support can you point me to the computer
i feel like my glasses might be broken
but just so you know we do charge six hundred and fifty dollars per ten minutes
so you might want to prioritize your time show me the computer wait a minute are you a
cyborg sent from the future to take over my computer and eventually my own mind no i'm
computer repair you caught me oh anyway the computer's in the bush so if you're here for that
oh okay it's in the bush okay why do they all be creepy as they leave why they all be creepy
as they be leaving this is the last one this is all i can handle today everybody's trying to take me out
interdimensional monsters coming for me it's a confusing park to exist in and i'm doing my best
yes you there anyway i said i'm leaving i mean it i hate to leave a dangling opinion but that monkey
broke me from wanting to talk more you only did three this last one's from gunshade who's done
like six you're all good it's all good i just have to go to the bush to check on the computer
that i keep in my bush i just don't trust that thing that went over there because it didn't
look entirely human and also i've gotta eat a sandwich that's the way the streets are and
the way they'll always be and that's why i'll never leave but i will see you soon bye bye
one of these days trip's gonna break he's dangling by a thread so not even sanity i don't
even know what he's dangling to yeah who knows if i'll ever even get that sandwich okay let's see
who's on we had a powerful three hour stream what are we even doing here this is a two hour
stream system looks like christine is on and we are honor bound to raid the minecraft streamer
christine okay everybody thanks for hanging out see how bad we can get my hair before we get out
of here for the day my no i'm making it better ah man it was worse before oh well uh thank you for
all the support as always i will be back out on wednesday to cover the various shifting and
confusing world events and also yell at myself uh so i do have the best uh tech remote remote
tech remote tech why can't i read anymore did you see i ate sorry i ate a robot earlier
is your brain bad now my brain might be bad now he says the best remote tech support possible
with his fans if he did a text stream that is absolutely true but it's kendall's computer
is the thing so i just have to either i have to get it taken care of for her or i'm just mean
she'd kind of have to set that up i feel like i have to make sure she wants to do that i don't
know i just need to get the computer fixed it's the duties of being in the boy the boy toy i don't
get a boy toy case is that i don't think i think kendall would appreciate that classification for
me yeah be a boy toy all right i'm not your sexy boy boy i don't even think that's how that goes
i'm just a sexy dog don't say that no let's just get out of here papito okay bye everybody i think
face is losing his mind so he's gotta go i'm still rational if you say so i am okay don't say it like
that yeah you're doing fine you've been doing fine i am i'm gonna end the stream because case is being
weird