I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Seven, six, five, four, one, let's go.
Hello everybody.
Whoa! Already auto-tuned.
Jeb time.
Alright, I see it.
Jeb.
Good to see everybody else.
Smokepacks MSG Boulevard Trask, Reverie Wolf, Mighty Oz, Sabrichi.
The hype train's already arrived.
The usual top of the stream business, AKA the hype train.
That little good to see ya, Smokepacks.
Oh my god.
Where am I good to see ya, Mighty Oz?
What horrors have I wrought upon the world?
What I think every time all these graphics go off.
Six hour hype train stream?
Yeah.
Now that I've huffed this hype train gas,
I'm ready to get train mode.
Hype train, how are you doing?
Um...
You're doing sex.
That's my mood.
Hashtag mood.
I'd really like to point out that the hype train doesn't have genitals.
You don't need them.
I don't need them.
You don't need genitals.
Ever for any reason.
I'll just...
I think you got your word, hype train.
Okay. You have no choice.
Because I know what's up, man.
Stay on some lotion.
I saw.
Hey, everybody. Good to see you today.
That's where you're saying you're starting?
Everything else is before I said hello.
Hi, it's me, the hype train.
Weird new way to introduce yourself.
Hello, friends. It's me, the hype train.
They know.
There's so much intro for you. You're like 90% intro.
Yep.
Thank you so much for the what and...
I think that's what bits are made out of.
What and gold. What do you think, Pepper?
It's your favorite show of all current shows.
Thank you so much, Stevie loves you.
One of the greats. Stevie loves you.
Oh, yep.
Yes.
Can you think of the people already I've...
Yes.
But I'm gonna be real apathetic about it.
Find me an apathetic trap, please.
I can really get what that...
would mean.
But, and also it feels like the wrong thing...
the wrong energy to have when...
thanking people for their very kind donations.
They're bits. They're not donations.
Isn't that the same thing?
I'm saved.
What?
I just gave birth to a different...
to a little train.
I've been pregnant for the last six years.
I just gave birth to the train scooted off.
What the fuck?
It's not a big deal.
The trains, it's not a big deal when you give birth.
I hit all the buttons,
but I find you this apathetic trap instrumental.
Wait.
I don't even care. Just gave birth?
I don't really care.
Okay.
That's fair.
Just gave birth?
No.
I just don't care about bits.
You care the most about bits.
Yeah, I guess that's fair.
But I do appreciate these people subscribing.
I never saw that in a hype train.
I don't care.
You care?
Hype is what keeps you alive.
Yeah, but I don't really...
Let me just part Simpson beat.
I'm gonna just part Simpson beat.
Oh!
So the closer...
to part Simpson beat, the better.
I think due to his bad attitude,
the hype train didn't deserve...
this part Simpson beat.
Today, these middle fingers are reserved
for Bart for the hype train.
For his weird attitude.
Even though clearly the hype train,
this would have been exactly up his alley usually.
This loud-ass Bart Simpson beat.
Anyway, thank you all so much for the bits and subs.
No matter what the hype train says.
Skymer, thanks for the 100 bits.
Mightyass, thank you so much for the 100 bits.
AppleDaple, thank you for the 100 bits.
Thank you for all the resubs as well.
This is what Bart has to say to me though.
Look at his coke nail.
Look at his little demonic coke nail.
Oh, is the stream titled out right?
Still call Cass.
You know, what are you doing, buddy?
You busy today?
I'm up, I'm got as close to the keyboard as I could.
I think I found a button.
I hit every button.
Some of those you don't want to hit.
Too late.
Close to me though.
Me though.
Credo.
Shot first.
I'm taking up the rapping part.
It's okay, you don't have to do it, Pito.
Okay.
Smooth when you screw it up?
Mancini smooth?
He was pretty smooth with it.
I'm smooth with it.
What's a smooth?
Is that like one of those little blue guys in white trunks?
I'll eat them.
Pito deep in Star Wars lore apparently.
You mean the Simpsons music?
No. When Bart step up, we don't stop.
Pito and Bart, the ultimate power cup.
Okay, Pito, you need to do news or something.
Okay.
I was going to talk about how Bart, Simpsons and I are best friends.
We'll save that for another time.
Okay. John Michael, thanks so much for feeding me food.
It's a sub for 18 months.
Same idea.
Okay, well let's see what's going on in the world today.
Probably something.
And we'll find out what?
Right now, news time. Yeah.
Don't let them take it from you.
Sleight of spades.
Really taking your time getting me over here today, Case.
It's kind of how it always goes, Jeff.
I just feel like I shouldn't have to be subjected to going to work and watching a train.
Talk? For 10 minutes?
No, that's how it works around here.
You should be used to this by now, Jeff.
I'm not used to it.
You know, when I worked for WGB 845, which what's that?
WGB 845?
I'd come there to be a whole spread of eclairs for just me seven different types of coffee.
What types?
Dark. Darker.
Heist.
Straight up candy coffee.
Chocolate milk and Pepsi.
A lot of those weren't coffee.
I'm just saying I'm used to a better standard.
You should step up your game because you're scamming us and that's the truth.
Sort of transition there. I guess it did.
Everybody saw it.
Truth social users are losing ridiculous sums of money to scams.
Well, what counts as ridiculous?
I'll be the judge of that.
Donald Trump launched Truth Social in 2022 as a social media platform where the MAGA faithful could hang out.
Without any liberals to spoil the fun.
And yet you still find time case to occasionally pop in there.
I see you. Why are you on there?
Also, I'm not. I don't think I'm signed up.
Or did I sign up on one stream?
Why are you there? Because I'm a journalist.
Well, then same.
No, you're clearly not.
You're very clearly not.
That's true, but just keep reading, please.
The biggest selling point.
It was the only place where Trump was personally posting his unhinged screams after getting banned from Twitter over that whole coup attempt.
Remember that?
Yeah, I remember that.
Ben offers the racks in teacuff regular.
Exactly. How come you don't ever drink the racks that I leave out every morning?
I work hard to make that racks because it tastes like someone poisoned a high C.
And then dumped the high C into just a muddy puddle and then scooped whatever that was into a cup.
Guess the racks.
New documents obtained by Gizmodo reveal that the site also has been flooded with scammers who are swindling users out of enormous sums of money.
We're talking about people who've lost hundreds of thousands of dollars in a relatively short period of time.
Gizmodo submitted a freedom of information act.
Fwa!
Maybe that's...
Okay, whatever.
A request with the FTC for consumer complaints about truth social field in the past two years.
The complaints to the federal agency include some stories from people who've been banned from the site, unjustly they claim.
And others who say they got swooned, they got signed up from mailing lists they never wanted to in the first place.
But the complaints about scams are the most shocking.
If only because there were such large sums of money involved.
Well, quit teasing us.
One person who says they lost $170,000.
Okay, that's pretty big.
Fwa, FOIA, Freedom of Information Act.
Fwa, Fwa...
It's French.
No, it's an acronym. Exactly.
How'd they lose it?
They claimed they couldn't get their money back.
It turned out to... wait, okay.
They were initially scammed on a different site.
But met someone on truth social who claimed they could help get their money back.
That turned out to be a scam as well.
But more often the victims are contacted on truth social before being told to take the conversation somewhere else like WhatsApp.
If you get scammed though, on a different site, then you come to truth social and get scammed.
Can you really blame the site at that point?
I mean, it's fun to blame truth social for things.
All French's acronyms? Exactly.
And of course the acronym for that is...
A Fusso.
A Fia.
French.
Anyway, my point is can you really blame truth social?
I mean, this person's sounding a little Mr. Magoo for sure.
They're walking under ladders and straight into scams.
Hmm, a little bit.
A little bit.
It's like, you know...
It's like blaming a bridge builder because you jumped off it.
Well, why'd they leave that awesome bridge there for me to jump off if they didn't want me to jump off it?
Truth social seems to be a target-rich environment for people who are easy to con.
It's shocking.
Another thing that sticks out about the complaints filed with the FTC is that they seem to involve plenty of elderly fans of Donald Trump.
No!
What?
They're coming after the elderly?
Are you telling me elderly people are getting scammed online?
It does seem to be happening.
What has happened to this country?
That's supposed to be just for phone calls.
If we're scamming elderly people online and on the phone, they're gonna run out of money.
And then there's no one to buy my book.
I rest my case.
What's your book?
Jeff Ripple.
The Story of a Ripple.
Coming to you because that's how ripples move.
A novel.
Jeff Ripple, The Story of a Ripple.
Coming to you because that's how ripples move.
A novel.
It was a Naples Florida Times bestseller.
Where's Kit Boga?
Probably.
Probably should be on Truth Social.
Hello, Grandma.
It's me, Baron Trump.
I need $170,000 for a bus ticket to my Arlago.
Is it that easy?
Because I'm a little tempted.
Jeff, don't stop scamming the elderly.
It's not a scam if you deliver an incredible book to them.
Detailing your life story from a tiny ripple to a big ripple.
Because that's actually how ripples kind of travel.
As they get bigger, as they move from the point of impact.
Or in my case, the way I start the book is I say birth.
Okay, I really don't need to read this actually.
You probably could learn a thing or two because the guy had write it for me.
He was in college.
So, he...
One 72 year old man reported chatting with beautiful women on the site
who scammed him out of 21 grand.
He could have had them scam him out of him that in person.
This is so sad.
She still doesn't know about it.
Wait, I haven't told my wife about this blunder.
She still doesn't know about it.
Is he scamming his wife?
I think he's been scamming his wife for a while.
Well, we gotta go to the streets.
The streets are gonna need to know about this.
It's not a scam if there's an equivalent exchange.
Yeah, maybe those hard-working girls gave him several convos.
Usually have to pay an AI to talk to you if you're lonely.
This guy was getting real girls on Truth Social.
The realist girls on Truth Social.
Another person in their 60s, oh my God, said they lost $500,000 to scammers on Truth Social.
How many different scammers?
And seemed to think there might be a way they could get their money back,
telling the FTC, after I pay this, they promise there will be no more fees and I will receive my assets.
Oh no, they're still getting scammed?
The journalists should have really tried to help out here.
At some point, even as the passive observer, you have to step in and say,
Grandpa, I need to delete your account.
$500,000.
Well, you know, inheritance in some ways is an equally scammy way to take money from the elderly.
You're arguing that inheritance is equally scammy?
Well, I'm just saying, you know, why give it to some shitty kids, some shitty rich kid,
when these hard-working scammers can get this man's $500,000.
As usual cases on the side of the scammers, what a surprise.
I'm not on their side, you know, I'm just, just a hypothetical.
It's not hypothetical, you lost $500,000.
Yes, it does seem an elderly man was scammed out of $500,000.
But he might get it back, or at least he thinks he does.
As long as there's hope, maybe it's fun for him, I don't know.
Many of the people seem to understand that any amount they might see on their end
that's supposedly sitting in account is completely fictitious.
The scammers will often get the victim, will give the victim access to a website
that shows as a certain dollar amount in their account.
But the money is long gone.
And the beekeeper, this is sort of the beekeeper.
But there's no beekeeper to protect them.
Oh my God, we need to get Jason Statham, a Truth Social account.
If he finds out about this, somehow it's going to end in Hunter Biden getting shot in the head.
In case you kind of think you could actually say stuff like that.
I'm just saying, that was sort of the plot of Beekeeper.
I'm not advocating for that happening to be clear.
I don't think that was Hunter Biden in there.
I think that was either of the Trump kids.
It was a fusion of Hunter Biden and the Trump kids, in my opinion.
Played by Josh Hutcherson.
Check out the movie Beekeeper.
Alright, the takeaway here is to check out the movie Beekeeper.
Anyway, it's simply a ruse for the victim to see their imaginary money grow.
Okay, there are many different kinds of scams on social media sites.
We recently explored the dating app, Sexstortion Scams on Ashley Madison.
Sorry, we did what now?
Why did we click on this story when this beautiful hyperlink exists?
That's my question for you.
What the fuck?
Uh oh, I broke the website.
In case I broke your website.
You clicked on it.
You clicked on that link so immediately that you did in fact mess up the website.
Sorry about that everyone. Let me get back on track here.
I do think we should click on the Ashley Madison story even though their hyperlink seems to be slightly broken.
Oh, there we go. Save that for later.
The Beekeeper?
Whoa, the Beekeeper.
It's the story of Jason Statham working in an adult store.
People keep coming in asking for the best sex toy and he's like,
Don't spend money on a $300 vibrator when you can just get a couple of beads and cram them in there.
That's...
What's he fighting then?
He's fighting Big Dildo.
They keep making more expensive vibrators.
When really, you just need to jam a couple beads in there.
I think maybe we... this is why we're probably not, you know, screenwriters.
Technically I've been a screenwriter on occasion, but, you know, not for the Beekeeper.
These scams happening on True Social appear to be a commonly, most commonly pig butchering.
A method of gaining someone's trust while getting them to give you increasingly large amounts of money.
Why'd they give it such a crazy name?
Do the beads buzz like the bees?
No, the Dildo's buzz like the beads.
The beads are just beads.
Alright, I don't want to get in the plot of this.
Let's talk about slaughtering pigs or whatever.
No case, it's pig butchering, not pig slaughtering.
Slaughtering is a lower art form.
This is the art of butchering elders for their money.
Who we're calling pigs.
That is not a very nice name.
It's not a nice practice.
It's a nasty name for these pig elderly.
They fatten them up before they cut into them.
We're trying to get the elderly as fat as possible so we can cut into their delicious, rich meat and watch the coin spill out.
Is what these bad people are doing.
I think you're on the side of the scammers.
It's unc... well, that's what a scammer would say.
Anyway, they're emptying out their retirement accounts by gaining their trust is the point.
And these complaints below were redacted by the FTC before being released by Gizmodo making it impossible for us to verify each individual claim.
We couldn't verify it but we had the printed.
But we believe the patterns that emerge give some degree of confidence that these are real scams and publishing these stories has the potential to help other people identify when to be skeptical after they've met someone online.
I'll help you too.
Be skeptical of every person you meet online.
This is not that useful if you're skeptical of everybody.
You gotta be more skeptical of some people.
For instance, there's no need to be skeptical of me.
Ever.
I did give you $50,000 so that you could set up that chiropractic business for me.
Yeah, and it's gonna come through.
And you're gonna find the best chiropractors that $50,000 can buy?
It's sort of the McDonald's of chiropractic?
Uh, yes.
And even though it's been a year and a half, it's just because you're working on it?
Yeah.
Alright, that's all I need.
My money feels safe.
Yeah, and $5,000.
Thank you for the $5,000.
How come you're the only one who gets the $5,000?
Well, I happen to meet all of the demands to get $5,000.
Alright.
Ahem.
No matter the social media pad flurm, people are getting scammed.
To be clear, this doesn't just happen on truth social.
Pig butchering is a scam that's happening across the internet.
From Facebook to Instagram.
Where do you mail your $5,000?
I think, I mailed mine to Case.
My $50,000.
Don't mail me $5,000 actually, though.
I don't want to encourage actual scams.
What?
Nothing, Jeff.
Ahem.
But if you were a scammer, who would you think would be the easiest marks on the planet?
Old Trump voters?
I think you've hit the nail on the head.
Ready to believe anything a con man might say.
Where could they be going with this?
Who's to say?
Chiropractor history is just too funky to trust.
Well, don't worry.
Once I get this business set up for Jeff, it's going to have the best chiropractors that $50,000 can buy.
Yeah, that's the pitch.
Anyway, if you said Trump supporters to those questions that weren't related to chiropractic, you're not alone.
Gizmodo tried to contact representatives from Truth Social on Thursday,
but after sending an email to the address listed for media organizations on the social media platform's website,
it bounced back as undeliverable.
Wait, Gizmodo is bragging about sending an email and getting bounced back?
Can I just write whatever story I want about the emails I send to some ladies that I used to know
that don't ever get a response?
Sounds like maybe someone should write a story about something you're doing, actually.
No, they're just friends that I want to keep in touch with.
After finally getting a hold of someone at something called MZ Group, which works for Trump media and technology,
the owner of Truth Social, a representative said they have a robust team that actively searches for scams and bots on the platform
and bans them as soon as they're found, assuming they've hit the million-dollar scam limit.
Case the 5K would be on its way for the SmokePax head shop we got planned.
SmokeShots head shop is a pretty good business model.
Can I get in on this action? Here's my author, 50 grand.
Yeah, Jeff, send it. We'll talk about it after work.
And we set up the SmokePax head shop.
It's a head shop filled with chiropractors.
So you blaze and you back.
And that's our catchphrase.
You blaze and you back because they'll keep coming back and they can get their back worked on.
You really like chiropractors.
I mean, it's why I have such a stately posture because I get this back absolutely hammered on by the best chiropractors.
I usually don't spend 50 grand, actually.
I paid a fee to get past the security risk.
Total reported loss, $500,000.
Holy shit, how many stories do they have?
A lot.
Maybe we'll end the stream by having DJ Newzik run through these because there are...
They got at least four. They got five, six, ten.
We're talking tens? Eleven?
Oh my God, they have like 20 scams listed here.
Yeah, maybe we'll have DJ Newzik run through these scams at the end of the stream.
Little Newzik scamming.
You love your chiropractor? I love all my chiropractors.
I bounce from practice to practice.
I'm in the practice of practicing.
I don't know if you need to see a chiropractor even more than once a month.
That's why your back's just flopping all over the place, guys.
Alright, well, be careful if you're on Truth Social, even if you're younger.
But especially if you're older.
You know, somebody who had a fairly mentally impacted by aging dad.
That's a unique way to put that.
It's a real concern that they're going to be taken advantage of.
So this is extremely scummy.
Not like my chiropractic future business with Jeff.
Yeah, that's all above board.
So this is a bummer to see.
And I'm excited to see maybe some of the specifics of this.
Although unfortunately probably set to a rapping DJ Newzik.
That's just how the news has to be delivered sometime.
But for now, the news was delivered directly into your box.
But imagine if that box was a lake?
What?
When you deliver the news into it, it would create ripples.
Which happens to be my last name in case you forgot.
I'm Jeff Ripple. See you soon.
Well, we got a how-to.
Lucky us, we get to learn how to do some stuff.
Right off the gate of this stream.
Let's send it to Jeb.
Let me see what he's working with.
Oh, he's loaded with some how-tos.
There's no limit to what we can learn today.
And this amount of true social boomers, I mean, that is a target-rich environment.
That's like when you play the UFO level in Star Fox, at the start of it,
there's just so many of those little ships flying around.
That's what it's like to be untrue social if you're a scammer.
Jeff is helping you with the thing.
And to answer your question, I don't know what you're talking about, Case.
A lot of the things you say are rambling and incoherent.
You're a dog.
I know. I know that. That's the thing I definitely know.
Am I a dog?
What, Spapito, that's the main thing you say.
As a test. And you.
You're a dog.
You passed. But there will be another test tomorrow.
Okay, well, let's send it down to Jeb.
I'm ready to learn, and hopefully you are too.
So here he is.
What the hell? This dog popping up everywhere.
I don't have my glasses on yet. Is that you, Jeb?
Yeah, sorry. Perpito was shutting me up.
He was shutting up my monitor.
That little guy has to scamper all around this place. He works hard.
He does work hard. I see that dog everywhere.
Wait a minute. I guess I only see him in the wood.
He goes in the wood? Sometimes he pops in here.
He's the only one that does it. What is he?
He's a dog. Is he? No, he is. He's a dog, definitely.
Well, look, my dad's in the wood, so he's confused.
Oh, God, that's right.
Yep, yeah, I can confirm. He's dead and he's in the wood.
Oh, and I'm dead too? Yeah, Dad, you forgot.
But you're dead and you're in the wood.
Well, you know, you can't win him off. That's true.
You love the new jacket? Yeah, I made case get me a stately Auburn.
No, that's straight brown, Jeb.
No, it's an Auburn jacket.
I mean, I am in the woods, so a lot looks brown to me,
but I'm confident that that's brown.
Well, we'll have to agree to disagree because you're a deceased woodman.
All right, Dad, I'll have to rub it in.
I don't have to. That's true.
Let's learn how to milk our prostate.
What did you say about that, Dad?
Um, what? Yeah, there's someone sharing a video
on how to milk our prostate.
It's all text and it's four minutes long.
Four minutes long? That's longer than it takes me to milk mine.
Whoa, how fast are you? I could just two fingers in and I'm squirting.
Whoa. But I mean, that's after a year after a lifetime of practice.
And I should know I lived my full lifetime because, oh my God, I'm dead and I'm in the wood.
That's correct. Oh, and it's fine.
Okay, let's learn how to milk our prostates together.
All of us together.
And after four minutes, we're all going to be pros.
We enlighten people on their prostate health, specifically on how to milk your prostate.
It is around three years ago when I learned of this practice.
I like this guy's voice.
After a few practice and positive results, I made it a regular regimen.
It has improved my life in bed as well as the health of my prostate.
There's one amongst the web later.
First, we have to learn how to improve the health of our prostate.
The idea of milking of one's prostate is unfathomable.
These are the people who are uninterested on exploring the bottom part of their body.
The bottom part?
I would like the cards right now and tell you that this practice entails an open mind and a whole lot of patience.
Whoa!
I tell you these sacrifices will bring you thousands of votes.
Your mind's got the only thing opening.
I have to admit, before I started with prostate milking, I have had some second thoughts on inserting a finger on my anus.
I dread that part during annual physical exam. Why would I do it to myself?
Well, do you still dread it?
Well, everything changed when I learned of my grandfather fight with prostate cancer.
I was alarmed about the complications it can cause in my body.
Oh, this was actually a heartwarming story.
I searched and asked experts on how to keep my prostate cancer free.
My grandfather developed his cancer during the age of 72.
Because you were scared of his ass.
I don't want to be part of the statistics that says men at the age of 70 and above have a 50% chance of acquiring prostate cancer.
This guy was scared of his asshole. And that's why he's old is what I'm learning.
Since it is already in my genes, I wanted to lower down other factors that may lead down to the sickness.
One of the best-
Down with the sickness?
Down with the sickness?
Dependable and effective techniques I learned is milking the prostate.
Okay, we got it.
The side effects are virtually zero and the results are superb.
Wait, virtually zero? What's the virtual part of that? Why are there side effects?
Unless the side effect is the result, which I could- it's not a side effect at that point.
I started off by doing some purchases that would help me with my attempt to do prostate milking.
I bought two lubricants. One is silicon based and the other is oil.
What's that, Matt Lendell? I learned how to do this from Al Swerinzen from Deadwood and you don't use your finger.
Use a prostitutes? You know, I can't stand behind that advice, Matt. I just-
I think you couldn't do it solo. But I have never seen all of Deadlin' so maybe you know better than me.
To get a feel of which one does better.
I also bought some paper towels and alcohol for sure disinfection.
I want to prevent any form of infection due to this activity.
One advice that really helped me succeed in milking my prostate is to go solo.
Cover your ears, Papito!
Papito! Cover your ears!
Thank you for the 100 bits and the much-needed lotion.
Oh, what a Sawyer from Lost doing in this bed.
Six or seven?
So many text transitions.
Then I proceed to using the lubricant.
I am leaning towards silicon based lubricants.
It has a better feel to what you're feeling a little uncomfortable with the idea of touching yourself.
One alternative is to find the positive state massager.
I have used it myself and has superb results.
Maybe, um, let me just do a quick scan here.
Okay, it looks like we're safe from here on out.
Yes, this is an education stream exactly.
Oh, we all work?
How do you know?
Oh!
The prostitute man I was talking about earlier.
Okay, Martin Stonehaven.
Male g-spot.co.uk.
Martin Stonehaven has many years writing about male sexuality.
He's got a beautiful voice for it.
He specializes in advanced techniques for men to gain maximum enjoyment from their sexuality.
To learn the proper way to milk your prostate, go to malegspot.co.uk.
So I guess the video alone was more of an ad,
which I'm now going to go ahead and bravely type into Case's computer.
Oh, this is so sad.
You hate to see a visionary like this guy not quite make it.
But unfortunately malegspot.co.uk is listed for sale.
Oh, that's a hard one to swallow.
Because that was such an informative video.
And someone who spent so much time, you know, scouring the internet for incredible how-tos.
I do feel uniquely qualified to judge that and say,
you really lost an incredible creator.
When malegspot.co.uk went down.
Now I'm not sure how I'll ever learn.
Milk my ash.
It's not your ass, son.
You're just fingering your ass you're never going to get milked.
You have to know specifically where the prostate is.
With enough practice, you can turn your body into essentially a supersoaker.
What? Did you have a pen name by any chance, Daddy, when you were alive?
You'd never go by Martin Stonehaven, did you?
No, although the Stonehaven name goes back generations.
A family of ass wizards, if you will.
If he's Stonehaven, he's like the- he's like a Belmont for hunting Dracula's.
Or a Van Helsing.
But for your ass.
Don't worry, if that site went down, there's no stopping the Stonehaven name.
It echoes across the generations.
It echoes with the grunts that millions of men throughout the ages have made as they...
ROCKET OFF A COM!
See, okay, you know, I have to stop.
We have to stop talking about this.
I think you took it too far, Dad.
What? What?
How so?
Let's just change gears here.
I don't think I ever need to hear the phrase, rock it off a com again.
This is too much for me.
What do you mean? Just because you've never experienced it.
Okay, well, um, let's learn how to make...
Oh, what's how to make okra water?
Let's just learn how to make okra water. That sounds safe.
Feel closer to him now than ever? I don't like how close I feel to him right now.
So let's learn about okra.
Get off the scroll!
Oh, jeez, this is reminding me of milk like a prostate.
Why is this reminding me of prostate milking?
Okay, you put water in up in with okra.
You just rattle it around.
You sit, let it sit for 24 whole hours.
All right, then you strain it.
Oh, oh, okay, I'm thinking of prostates again.
Well, it's soothing music at least.
But why?
Well, there's no other way to get okra water.
Microphone 900. This is the way to do it.
It turns out you put okra in water.
Okra water is a great way to replenish your bodily fluids
after you've really rocketed out.
No, we're good. Daddy, enough.
Wait a minute, am I dead and inside of a wood?
No, yeah, you're dead and you're in the wood.
Oh, it's fine.
It's fine.
That noise I just made is the noise I used to make
every time I'd rock it off.
Okay, we're going to check out how to guard against GHB
being put in your drink.
What?
Yeah, I might skip that one for now just because it's a slightly darker subject.
I need something.
How to spot a cocaine addict?
Okay.
Hi.
All this talk of milking.
Let's learn some defensive moves, like spotting cocaine addicts.
Hi, I'm Dr. George Northrop.
I'm a psychiatrist and addiction specialist based in Tampa, Florida.
Today we're going to discuss how to spot a cocaine addict.
Okay.
Sometimes very easy to spot a cocaine addict.
Whoa, what was with that pause? Wait a minute.
I haven't learned the ways yet, but something about this set off a few alarm bells.
How to spot a cocaine addict.
Sometimes very easy to spot a cocaine addict.
If a person's got white powder all over their face, that one's pretty obvious.
However, that's not usually how this happens.
Cocaine addiction and cocaine use are usually done in some sort of secret,
especially if they're starting to cause problems.
The kinds of things you might notice in a cocaine addict
is the behaviors directly related to cocaine.
Those types of behaviors include increased talking,
increased irritation or irritableness, agitation,
and anxiety.
Changes in sleeping patterns might be evident as well.
Irritation, anxiety, all of these things.
He seems to be exhibiting the irritation that I'm experiencing anxiety.
So maybe this is all a big test.
So far, I feel like I'm passing.
And more generally looking at an addiction,
you might see other behavioral changes.
Changes in the types of people that your loved one or friend associates with.
Changes in their work behavior.
He does look a little Andrew Cuomo like John Michael.
Or being chronically late.
Maybe he's one of the Cuomo brothers.
Now most people cannot break addiction on their own.
If you notice a colleague, friend, loved one, struggling with addiction,
try to be of some assistance.
At least talk to them.
Let them know that you've noticed a change in their behavior
and that you're concerned about their well-being.
Offer your time and energy to help them.
If they're willing to speak with someone.
I feel like I'm about to get hit.
I just don't know why.
Offer to help them sub at that appointment
or to look for someone that can be of utility to them.
You were onscreen telling them at G4.
Often this would be somebody like a psychiatrist.
A confirmer denying that.
A substance abuse professional or a psychologist.
This would be a time that you could offer to help them find resources
like a 12-step meeting, like alcoholics anonymous or narcotics anonymous.
That was it.
That was it, I guess.
Yep, I mean, you know, we had some pointers in there for sure.
He wasn't that cocky.
I'm going to rate him as, this does coke occasionally.
I don't know, he was just so like still.
I mean, wait.
No, that's more, you're spotting more as sort of a predator.
Not necessarily a coke addict.
Calling that total stranger a predator?
No, I'm just saying those are signs.
Those are signs, Jeff.
Yep.
What?
Ever miss your brother, Jag?
Jag?
The...
The nugget brother who was never born?
Yeah, you ever miss Jag?
Of course.
I was just thinking about Jag today.
Yeah, my unborn brother, Jag,
I still feel bonded to him.
So I don't know what made me think of Jag.
Maybe it's that I'm dead and in the wood.
That could be it because you're dead and in the wood.
Oh, no!
Turn it.
Let's do one more.
Let's just do one more.
How to get rid of hemorrhoids.
Hemorrhoids is just...
Uh-oh, I guess if you...
Maybe you've been milking too much.
Maybe you drink too much okra water.
Or maybe you've got hemorrhoids after doing a bunch of cocaine.
Well, you're in luck because here's how to get rid of them.
Hemorrhoids is just abnormal problems with blood vessels
in the rectum and the anal area.
There are external hemorrhoids that's on the outside in the anal area
and they can get raw and they can get irritated
and that's why itching always burns
I'm using my cocaine knowledge currently.
... some local anesthetics.
Some of the pads that you get in the drugstore
keep in the area super clean
and maybe putting a little cortisone cream on
quiets down that area.
Internal hemorrhoids are right inside the rectum
and there'll be blood vessels that dilate it
and those can cause discomfort.
I'm sorry, this is against TOS.
When you have a bowel movement you may see a lot of blood
that's in the stool.
They also can become painful and uncomfortable
the way they're treated.
When there's a new bandaid treatment where a GI,
a stomach specialist, a rectal specialist,
wraps a little rubber band around that hemorrhoid
it dries it up, it takes the blood supply away
and it dries up withers away.
You can inject with what we call sclerosing substances
to also connect to that dilated blood vessel go away
and then there's surgery.
There's surgery where they do hemorrhoid ectomy
pain discomfort for one to two weeks after that
we take Sitzbass, we use suppositories that have
local anesthetics and hydrocortisone.
Very significant problem.
50% of people at the age of 50 have it very common
and women have had pregnancy during delivery
people that strain a lot and work.
If you've got hemorrhoids see your doctor about those
I'm talking as fast as I can.
Why though?
Why was he talking as fast as he could?
A lot of information to get out.
I mean if you've been milking your prostate for
48 years
there's no telling how much damage you've done
to the blood vessel's jab.
You need regular hemorrhoid treatment
so you can continue your practice.
Do you know how to play poker with your friends
on a very routine schedule of Tuesday, Thursday
and Saturday and Sunday all day?
You weren't off doing anything else were you?
No of course not.
I just love poker with the guys.
Those guys.
They played a mean hand of poker
but no one's meaner at poker than me.
Sometimes I leave a little space for Jag here.
I'm not sure if Jag is in this space.
Right here.
I choose to not think about what my deceased father just said.
Who's dead and in the wood?
Oh no!
I'd remembered this time.
Yeah that's fine.
That's fine daddy.
Anyway that's how you get rid of hemorrhoids.
You waggle your fingers around
make little movements that are really with kind of delicate
not very opposed fingers.
Do this a lot.
And eventually I guess your hemorrhoids are gone
having trouble listening to his words.
Because he was unsettling but
sometimes learning things can be a little bit
unsettling because learning things can be a little troubling.
But no matter how troubling it is don't worry.
Because you're never too old to learn a new trick.
Just feel a little sick sorry.
So this is reading.
What am I reading glasses to read sometimes?
Because I just get grossed up by all the prostate stuff
so I can't pay attention.
Jeff forgot to play his new outro.
What a shame.
Alright let's do another story
before we move on to some interwebs.
We get amongst a few things.
Before we do that let's see what else is going on in the world.
It's even more news time.
Hey everybody it's me Peter Gibblet.
I mean never just say hi.
You don't even stop by my wall.
I have to come out here.
I have to shove Liliana out of the way,
push her down the stairs so she doesn't do this segment.
Just to say hi.
Would you do the Liliana?
She'd just ask her if I could do it.
It's good to see everybody.
Your favorite guy.
Me Peter Gibbon.
Sorry Ray Silva.
That's where we're all at.
Oh you talked about milking earlier.
See I can't milk myself.
The cavernous butt I have is too deep.
There's just too much space between the top of my cheeks
and the base of my asshole.
So milking it is just like, you know,
it's like rummaging through a pile of fisherman's nets.
Oh.
What did you want to talk about Peter?
Perverts.
Why am I surprised?
Which specific perverts are we talking about today?
Let me just find my pervert story.
There's a lot of pervert stories.
Shoot where is it?
Where did I put the pervert story I wanted to talk about?
Dang it.
Oh yeah here we go.
It's time to call cast because there's a new super pervert on the loose.
And don't worry I've got all the details.
Let's get dangerous.
It is it's dangerous out there because there's a lot of terrible men unfortunately.
And I don't mean to make light of that.
Vehicle caught hiding under,
voyeur caught hiding under vehicles at car wash
to stare at women's food.
Where did you find this story?
Snitchesinstitches.com
This was bringing you this particular story.
Wish you could cover that story.
This is supposed to be a Liliana segment.
Yeah it was.
Apparently Peter fricking side tackled her out of the way.
Oh I just asked with my hands.
I don't think you're qualified to cover this story.
I think you are a super pervert.
I'm not a super pervert.
I'm a wall man.
It's different.
I don't know if it's different.
This.
A 28 year old man from Arizona.
Jesse Michael Johnson.
Spotted here by the police while taking a picture of him.
For being an insane pervert.
There he is.
He's definitely got the,
he's kind of has the Tim Waltz eyes right now.
No Tim Waltz eyes kind eyes.
This man has super pervert eyes.
They're a little similar though.
Well context is everything.
A little Waltz like.
It's an inappropriate comparison case.
Trying to restore a little dignity to this network
while I cover these super pervert stories.
Can we, can we at least sort, shorten this?
Maybe we'll, okay there we go.
Now it fits.
Jadie LePance without the guy liner.
That's honestly I think more accurate.
See that's, that's way more accurate case.
That is more accurate, you know.
You got to give it up to,
uh, Lyvin Sleazy who always has the most accurate descriptions.
Bar none.
Anyway, Jadie Vance without the guy liner.
Who has a history of similar offenses.
Faces charges of voyeurism and disorderly conduct.
According to authorities.
The incidents took place at Superstar Car Wash near Riggs Road.
In Val Vista in Gilbert, Arizona.
In each case, women were vacuuming their SUVs
when Johnson parked next to them.
Crawled under their vehicles
and remained there for several minutes.
Just to see the feet? Couldn't he already see them?
Yes, not, wasn't close enough to him.
Jesus. Surveillance footage captured Johnson in the act.
Oh, okay.
Well, um,
I don't know if they're linking to the surveillance footage.
But, I will go ahead and Google that real quick.
Just to do my, do,
diligence of investigative reporting.
Because it doesn't seem to be getting hyperlinked in this story.
Isn't there enough exposed feet in Arizona as it is?
It's 100 degrees. Yeah, I mean, there's plenty of sandals out there.
For this guy to,
ogle.
People, okay. This is just,
unfortunately this is all that was provided when I Googled it.
Oh, look, it's a, it's a fo-
It's real footage of him under the car.
Weird how the, um,
this vacuuming machine just disappears into the ground and then,
kind of reappears here.
Yep, that's Facebook for you.
Facebook with all the best story coverage and photos.
Okay.
Donkey of the day.
Oh, here's the breakfast club.
It's called When Arizona Man Named Jesse Michael Johnson.
Now Jesse is 28 years old and he was accused on,
uh, three counts of voyeurism and three counts of disorderly conduct.
Now what is voyeurism?
For those who don't care to use chat GPT or Google,
voyeurism is the practice of gaining sexual pleasure from
watching others when they are naked.
Oh, that's one of them.
Sexual activity.
Well, oh, Jesse was arrested after allegedly crawling under
several women's cars for his sexual gratification.
You heard what I said.
You had the footage of breakfast club.
You had the camera surveillance at a superstar car wash in
Arizona hiding under women's cars so he can get a little peak.
Yep. That's me. Jesse Johnson.
You're probably wondering how I got here.
By here, I mean jail. See, I've told you all a million times.
Destiny is not a matter of chances.
Does he have the footage?
Some people on this planet are just hornier than others.
And it's that type of hornier that leads to things like
freak offs are leads to things like Jesse jerking under a
Jaguar. Okay.
Masturbating under a Mazda.
I'm starting to think he doesn't have the footage.
What made you think he did?
Just wishing upon a star.
If anybody's going to have the footage, it's got to be
Charlemagne.
In Gilbert, Arizona, a 28 year old man was arrested.
One victim.
Oh, okay. Here we go.
Oh, wait. No, this is definitely not the footage either.
And why are you making us watch it?
And stayed hidden staring at their feet as they vacuumed.
This wasn't Johnson's first time.
Police say he has a history of...
Science?
Disorderly conduct.
But this time his actions were caught on camera.
Yeah, there he is.
Described a moment she realized something was wrong.
Oh, that is so scary.
You can see his head bad on the driver's side.
Okay. She's like you.
He looks a little bit better with a beard.
Um, does he?
Does he look better with the beard?
Oh, there's your debate for the day.
Does car wash pervert look better without a beard?
I'll leave it to Chad to decide if that's the debate they want to see.
I don't know if it is.
Peter.
Back in 2016...
Whoa, why are there so many headshots of this man?
Can they arrest you just for being attracted to feet case?
No, it's...
The foot thing isn't the problem here.
But it seems like everybody's got a problem with it.
Now the problem is the hiding under the car thing.
Well, there's an illegal hide under cars.
I think...
Yeah.
That's so creepy.
Can you imagine if you're washing your car, you look under it,
and this fucking guy is staring at you?
This?
Oh, he's kind of covered up right now.
But just look at those eyes.
You just see those eyes?
The rest of his head is under a sewer grate.
I think it'd be bad.
Anyway, Chad right now is deciding...
Vote now.
Other fun facial hairstyles to make this pervert look better.
Fu Manchu, The Hitler, The Soul Patch, The Full Hogan,
or The Dirty Sanchez.
All of those options brought to you by Chad through the power of flash poles.
Indeed, that is how flash poles work.
Exhibition point one through five is how you vote for those.
The Dirty Sanchez?
Come on, you can see him looking kind of...
I can just get a little mustache.
Is that what that is?
Well, we don't need to define her words here.
Like we're on the breakfast club case.
We trust our audience to know what a dirty Sanchez is.
That's true. We really respect our audience here.
And that's why we don't feel like we need to inform you at all.
We leave it to you to just sort of come pre-informed.
And The Dirty Sanchez does appear to have taken it.
Congratulations to The Dirty Sanchez.
A perfect look to clean up the face of any disturbing sexual pervert.
Maybe you should go a little dirty Sanchez then, Peter.
Ah!
Just because I've already found facial hair that works for me
doesn't mean you need to say nasty things, Case.
Is that working for you?
The strapped on there?
This is a full beard for me.
I just have a very wide set face,
so my beard grows on the wider parts.
Right after a good milking.
This man might have been under there milking for sure.
Yeah, I don't know if there's any other...
Whoa, I don't want to upload.
In Gilbert, Arizona?
Stop just clicking on things, Peter.
I'm going to search Car Wash, Voyeur,
and just see if there's any other footage on TikTok.
The true source of news.
V-roll.
Yeah, alright, I'm not seeing anything.
I don't even know if that footage they had was
the role of him hiding or just any security footage
of a car wash.
But you can imagine what it's like.
There's a guy under your car.
You're trying to clean it.
It's not great.
Other than that, how would you rate your car washing experience?
You can't blame the car wash.
You still have to judge it based on the actual washing.
Need a foot's perspective on how they are being fetishized
by these weirdos.
That's fair.
We always ask how people feel about foot fetishes,
but what about the foot?
You think we can get a foot, Peter?
You want to talk to my foot?
No.
No.
No, I don't.
But thank you for being here to cover this important news.
Well, you know, you don't call, you don't write,
and I'm only a wall away.
And that wall, there's a hole in it.
That actually only fits one, really.
So, but if you ever want to chat,
just know I'm always listening.
Because I've been the walls.
Thanks, Peter.
I love you.
That's all the news for now.
If you're cleaning your car, just know...
There's a new thing to worry about.
Not just a bugger on the windshield anymore.
It's perverts under the muffler.
We'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
The party lights on.
Peter, stop it.
Is he a fan of barefoot? Why would I have to assume he is?
Microphone 900 asks,
it's illegal to be horny in public.
Am I doing a crime if I'm a mechanic
and get horny for working on cars?
Pepito, any thoughts?
Why are you asking me?
I don't know anyone else to ask until the foot gets here.
My answer is yes, it's illegal to do that stuff.
Which stuff?
Just don't be horny.
Don't be horny, that's illegal.
I don't think it's illegal to be horny, Pepito.
I think, you know, you just can't creep on people all the time.
Yeah, so what you said now is illegal, too.
Elsa, you're under arrest, Pepito.
You're a Pepito.
I'm under arrest.
Take me away off.
Are you doing like an act out right now?
What's going on?
I can't be tried twice for the same
sentence.
And that's I got off.
But, get your hand out of here.
But it was illegal.
Everything that happened was illegal and you're under arrest.
All right, Pepito's not tracking
logic or human words particularly well today.
So we'll, I guess, move on to talking to a foot.
That's just sort of how it goes here.
You know, I'm not a Pepito.
I'm not a Pepito.
I don't know what this is here.
Do you have any questions for the foot?
Oh, we need a new sub goal.
That's true or
we really crush this chat.
It nominates mayors.
I think I will be doing the SimCity stream this
Saturday.
I think is what I'm going to go for as Kendall's on a
town on Saturday.
So what a time to play several hours
of Sim city.
Yeah, we'll think it off.
We'll think of a subglo after we talk to this foot.
Either way, thank you for joining us. It's a foot.
Well, thanks so much for having me. It's a pleasure to be here.
I feel like I'm honestly one of the most misunderstood body parts, and I'd love to clear up any confusion you might have about your sexualities.
My friend Thomas, I'm his foot.
I'm the foot of this man of Thomas there.
It's just a photo of him. Just to let you know that I'm the foot of a normal guy, and there's nothing to worry about here.
Okay.
Is the foot afraid of Dan Schneider?
Yes.
Okay.
Do you ever feel like you're getting stepped on?
That's a huge misconception. I'm actually part of a team.
I consider myself on the team of your body, and every time you put weight on me, just thinking about the rest of you, of us, and all the weight I'm carrying, really holding up your whole body.
Every single part of you I'm holding up, and I like working with you.
It's a pleasure to be a part of you. I'm always there holding you up.
Why is everyone so horny? Who said anything about me being horny?
As a foot, are you into feet?
I don't. We're more like a pet to humans. We're like a horse, but on you.
And we carry you everywhere. I mean, I'm into the work I do, but I'm not making you to sexting unlike some people.
Okay. Are you a member of the foot clan? No.
I'm not a member of the clan just because I'm a foot.
Are you a member of the clan just because you're a round-faced white dude in a jacket?
Whoa, take it easy, foot.
Well, you just essentially asked me the same question.
Come on, Dre. Don't make me come over there and stomp a mud hole onto my face.
Thoughts on Kevin's feet? Really good. Some of the best feet I've seen.
And that's why they're some of the most photographed. Really good feet if I do say so myself.
You weren't... You said you aren't into feet.
Just commenting on the quality of the... It's a good foot.
What? Jesus. All right. How tall are you?
12. Not size 12.
Are you on wiki feet? No. No.
Thomas is not a celebrity. I'm just a normal everyday foot, and that's why I'm so qualified to speak on behalf of feet.
But do you hate more legs or hot pavement?
Sorry, Legos are hot pavement. Well, first of all, I love legs. They're part of the team.
Legos are hot pavement. Probably Legos, because it's not always hot outside.
But there's always Legos. What?
There's always the potential for there to be Legos.
But it's not out. Even if you're in Antarctica, you could get Legos on you.
Are socks and sandals ever appropriate? Don't cover me up. Keep me out.
Get these little tinglers out there. Humans have become too reliant on footwear.
Well, I'm actually a foot wearing a human. So why cover me up at all? Keep me out.
Let me see. Let me see what? Let me see. I like to look at the ground.
Every time you take a step, I come up, I go, whoa, where are we going?
And then when you take a step down, I'm like, naptime.
Then you step again, I'm like, what's going on? Where are we headed?
Then you take a step, I'm like, naptime for me. It's fun being a foot.
Are you sure you're not into the ground? What's going on?
Which pig you went to market? Every single one. They're all for sale.
Okay, let's just do two more questions. What's your favorite Daniel Day Lewis movie?
There will be blood. I would just eat good in it.
Those feet stomping around making speeches. I hate my son's feet.
I stomp on your oil until it's on my feet. I put my feet in your oil.
And I fit my feet, dance around in it. All those classic speeches.
You might have seen a different version of the movie.
Feelings on fruit by the foot? Well, I never met a foot that made it, that liked fruit.
It's just another thing that we don't enjoy stepping on.
Really? You don't like smushing a fruit with your feet? I am the feet, so I don't.
So I don't.
Alright, last question.
Are you in an ice bath right now?
I'm just above the ice bath. Thomas recently joined an intramural baseball team
and it's really put a strain on me.
And so he soaks me, his precious little feet in an ice tub to relieve the swelling.
As I swell up, I get real big when you work me like that, Thomas.
And now I'm a swollen and I'm aching and I need you to put me in the bath.
Any more questions?
So you'd say feet aren't just for perverts.
Everybody's got them and we're normal little guys on down there just bearing your full weight,
straining under the weight of you humans, swelling up, getting sore and we need relief.
So keep us in mind, think about us at the bottom of your legs.
It does not just calf down there, it's little feet even if we're in socks, we're still there.
So give us a just really think about, think about feet.
Okay, I'll keep that in mind.
Thanks. Great to see everybody. I'm wiggling my toes for you.
Your toes are very stiff.
Well they're sore from the intramural baseball that Thomas is playing.
Okay, I've talked to you for seems like 10 minutes. So thank you for being here.
And think shall always be we'll always be there.
Let's you get your feet chapped off.
Oh my God. Oh God, please protect us. Don't let that happen.
You brought that up yourself.
Hey, right? You know what you asked for it.
It's not my fault that we had to talk to that foot for five minutes.
I think it's your fault. You've been talking for two minutes.
Well, I was curious.
So who's fault is that case?
Back to jail.
I'm under arrest again.
I'm under arrest, but I broke out and I'm on the lam.
You want to make six million dollars?
What?
I've got a score.
What?
I found there's these things called stores.
And they've got money.
It's just waiting to be.
They'll go away.
Your plan is to just take money from stores.
I'll never see it coming.
You know, it's 13.
Yeah.
Give me all the give me 12 other me's and we'll make a cool six.
I'll be the grease man.
I'll also be the cheese man.
I'll also be all other 12 of the guys.
Give me all of it.
Chats in.
Ocean's a bunch of guys.
Yeah, let's do it.
If you want to make six million just go on truth.
So that's a good point, Skymer.
The Prince on truth social said I'd get six million if I sent him 50,000.
It does sound like a really good deal.
It does sound like a good deal, but what did we learn earlier?
Nothing.
Money.
That's my advice.
Well, maybe you don't listen to the Piedos financial advice.
In the meantime, let's send it amongst the web before we go to the streets.
And then I think I said I'd do a DJ music before we got out of here.
That's there's a there's a lot to get to.
So let's get down to the webs.
Yes.
Heck, we're out of law in the dog bird seat.
The dog bird seat.
I'm the dog bird of this stream.
And if anybody's going to lead us to Neve to watch a video,
you got called dog bird chat.
Big cheddar bird.
You're really laying on the new nicknames today.
I mean, it's not a nickname.
If it's just a fact, I'm a dog bird.
I think it's bird dog.
That's not a dumb as shit.
What we doing today?
We watching little videos.
Here's a fucking sexy dude in a duck.
You want to watch this?
Um, I this guy looks familiar.
I think this is an only fans guy that we talked about on the old on the G4.
Well, what's he up to now?
Let's find out.
So my first only fans page that came in to pay off my sister's student loans.
Oh, this is an old one.
Wait, why is it?
This one's broken.
This one's broken and old.
So we're going to try a different one.
Either that or your computer is breaking.
Let's just move on to tennis.
That's a sexy guy in a duck.
That was just to kind of get you going.
Okay, I'm going now onto tennis, please.
Holy shit.
That was the most badass thing I've seen in tennis ever.
Let's see that again.
Fuck you, man.
Fuck you.
Look at the other guy's face with the handshake.
Is he on the fuck you guys side or is he on the ref side?
I can't tell.
Let's watch it one more time.
I think he's on fuck you guys side, but if you really had his boys back, he joined in.
Like if you really have your boys back, when you hear them say fuck you, you just go to like check this shit out.
Fuck you.
I'm the only one here, but if you were my boy, you joined in.
Yo, fuck you.
Fuck this man.
Chat, I'm the guy you're pointing at.
Fuck you.
You're not my boy.
You're not hopping.
You're not joining me.
You're not hopping in.
Fuck you.
Don't say that shit to me.
You trying to get fucking plunked out.
You fucking fuck.
You just want to say fuck.
No.
Listen, I got to be like fucking ready to go.
Creeple challenged me all the time because I'm like Bruce Lee.
Incredibly cool.
You want to see what Jeremy Fragrance is up to?
Oh, Jeremy Fragrance.
My favorite fragrance influencer, of course.
I'm so glad he got a girlfriend.
You're a fan.
Dude, that's what peak male cooking looks like.
I can't help it if you don't know how to cook.
He's a fragrance influencer.
Chat, we need Chaz perfume.
You're going to make a perfume, Chaz?
In his case.
Are you going to make a perfume, Chat?
I could probably bottle like just the smells I produce because...
Even if they don't smell good, they affect people.
I've been told I've produced some of the most emotional smells.
Is that a good thing?
It's always good to feel case.
I'm a modern man.
I recognize that emotions are just part of the experience of being.
And my smells produce strong emotions.
Chaz smells well.
That's a fun name for a fragrance.
Alright, I'm convinced I'm doing it.
Case, get on that.
No, they're just asking me to do work for you.
Fuck you, man. Do it. Fuck you.
Once again, he doesn't have my back.
Did not join in at all.
Okay, look, you got a tired ass chandelier?
Well, here's something you could do with it if you want to be fucking next level.
But, the case probably doesn't because he's being a bummer today.
Replacing my parents' chandelier with a jumbo tron.
It was time to get rid of my parents' ugly ass chandelier.
And what better way to do it than upgrading it with a fricking jumbo tron.
So thoughtful.
I got something cool to show you.
What?
Come over here.
Holy shit.
This is freaking sweet, dude.
I put my earbuds in.
Your mom would watch whatever she wants.
Fuck that chandelier.
That thing was ugly anyway, man.
Why are you recording?
What the fuck is that?
Are you fucking...
Corbin, can I have a normal fucking house with normal shit?
This isn't a fucking frat house.
You're just encouraging Corbin to have a normal.
Yes, because it's a jumbo tron.
That fucking is in the basement.
No, it's just a fucking dining room.
Yes, yes. We eat in here.
You said nowhere even in the living room in front of the TV.
Family dinner. Family dinner.
This is so fucking sweet.
What do you think, Dad?
This is your best shit ever. This is your best one.
See, that's what it's like to have a boy.
When your dad's your best boy.
When your dad is your best boy.
Me and my dad are just like that.
We like do fucking pranks, but then when we finish the prank,
we realize like, wait a minute.
Everything about what we just did is ruled.
Is sick.
You just fucking replace my bed with a bear carcass?
Well, I'll just sleep on that.
My dad would do that shit to me.
And I'd realize that it's fucking cool that he did that.
Your dad replaced your bed with a bear carcass.
Yeah, like as a fun prank,
partway through sleeping on it, I realized like,
this is cooler than a bed.
Okay, sorry that happened to you, Chet.
What? No, it's a cool story.
It sounds like that was an aggressive act against the mom
who just wanted to be,
who wanted dinner to be family time.
Yeah, well, you know, I support the whole family,
the family that can act together.
It's a beautiful thing when the full family commits to the bit.
No, that she didn't know that was going to happen.
You think the mom wasn't playing it up a little bit there?
It's just natural. It was a prank, dude.
You can't fake that.
It's not fake. You put up a cool thing.
You know, they're kind of acting.
You don't get what pranks are,
so let's just move on to this nine inch nails.
Dick talk.
I agree. I think it was genuine.
Oh, shit. We're going to get DMCA by this cat.
There you are.
I thought it was still going to be I want to fuck you like an animal.
And then that cat was going to go nuts at the end.
It's going to be a little gross.
The cat just starts fucking. No, he is an animal.
So he can in fact fuck like one.
The song finally makes sense.
Like, look at this gorilla.
Rock-a-fire gorilla fucks like an animal
because he's a gorilla.
You understand, like comparative language works.
Yeah.
Every word compares to the one that follows it.
And some words are better than others.
And that one had good words in it.
His cats are fun and also song parody.
I get it.
It jets.
Hmm. Oh my God.
It's Chucky 6.57.
Pretty good.
The reaction was that was pretty good.
But what about this Chucky guy?
It seems like it might be really quiet, unfortunately,
but maybe also I,
microphones off, let's see.
I just loved it when our quarterback shredded the defense.
I mean, just ripped them.
That's what has me feeling really nice.
Like watching Jared Goff go 18 for 18.
292 yards in two touchdowns.
I couldn't do that pregame warbub.
Jade and Daniels just a rookie.
26 out of 37% 231 yards.
He rushes for 47.
He's doing everything shredded baby.
Wait, what?
CJ Stroud 345 yards brings the Texans back.
Wins it at the buzzer.
Shred up Stroud.
Oh, look, I didn't get it, but I'm into it now.
Yeah.
Baker Mayfield.
Coming off a tough loss.
345 yards in the hot.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Yeah.
Sam, this guy got fired for being racist.
I have no idea who this is.
You don't know that this guy is.
Lambo field and win again, baby.
Keep it rolling, Sam.
Shred him.
Whoa, he timed that perfectly.
You don't know Gruden loves football?
Look, he said some racially insensitive things,
but you can't deny that he kind of,
he did whatever that thing we just saw was.
He's hyped about Truth Social.
Look, it's unfortunate what happened to him on Truth Social.
He got scammed into saying racist stuff from what I remember,
but just know it was a scam he didn't mean to.
I don't know who is Gruden.
John Gruden, he's nuts.
See, this maybe I need to get into sports
just so I can know more insane people.
Oh, yeah, you do love watching insane people all the time,
which I don't get, dude, because I'm fucking normal as shit,
but he does like that stuff.
Well, look, he's doing great.
He got me feeling like, whoo.
He's a pretty good gimmick.
That song kind of slaps pretty good.
Repeating music drops is pretty fun.
I'll give him that, but I don't know anything else about him,
and it sounds like he might have a bit of a problematic past.
Who doesn't? Everybody has said a million things
that were horrible and that they deeply regret.
I say stuff that's awful every day.
Well, hey, at least you know.
Shut the fuck up, dude.
I never say shit to you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
And I'm not going to say fuck you to me.
This bitch doesn't know what friendship is.
Would you be friends with a liberal at a Trump rally?
Let's find out together what the true meaning of...
Oopsie, sorry.
What the true meaning of friendship is.
What do kids in grade school think about Kamala Harris?
You know, I don't usually go up to them and be like,
hey, what do you view about Kamala?
What do you view about Biden and stuff?
What do you view about?
Would you be friends with a liberal?
No.
Would you rather be friends with a liberal or with an illegal immigrant?
Oh.
Uh, you know what?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I can't be friends with an immigrant?
Uh, because, you know, liberals, at least they've been born in this country.
Instead, illegal immigrants, they come over to the border and they're all,
you know, hey, here's this, here's anything you need,
and they just think they can be an immigrant.
Did he say illegal immigrant?
I don't even know if he said illegal immigrant.
He's really cute, though.
Nah.
Nah.
We just asked him if he would rather be friends with a liberal or with an illegal immigrant.
Oh, illegal immigrant.
Who would you rather be friends with?
Okay, now.
Uh, liberal, yes.
Oh, does that make it okay?
Okay, so it's an illegal immigrant?
No, illegal immigrants.
No, but.
Yeah.
It's just extra fun if he doesn't want to be friends with an immigrant, period.
Oh, he did say illegal immigrant.
Okay.
Well, they start young.
If you want to make this country great again, you have to start having these kinds
of opinions at like the age of 10.
He looks like a guy who would have, a kid who would have found his way
to those opinions eventually.
What if she's really cute is a great follow up, though.
That's the journalism you can only get from call to activism.
Does that kind of grooming that they've groomed him into hating immigrants?
Well, but also liberals.
But there's a chance that he could be our friend.
Don't let me in with you.
I'm an independent.
I'm on his free and pure and ready to make the correct decision at all times.
A 1.25, the start to that kid's media career is going great.
Really, all you want is a reaction one way or the other.
So if you get under a two or above an eight, you're in good shape.
So keep at it.
Little round boy in American flag.
He's going to Prager use just one phone call away.
Speaking of that last guy who also said stuff that's racist,
his brother Jay was the QB in arena and the QB coach of the books.
Okay, so he's as I know, but case doesn't.
He's a big time sports guy.
Let's see your friendship papers.
How the fuck when you're that age, though, most of your friends
have zero political views.
Are you even going to know who to be friends with?
Well, see at that age, everyone's an independent voter except this kid
who's making the bold decision to already be a committed conservative.
So he can't help it if he developed earlier than his friends.
He developed in one specific way earlier than his friends.
I guess you just go off what your parents say.
And this kid's got some incredible parents by the looks of it.
Don't go after the hardworking parents of this country case.
Look at Rock-a-Fire Gorilla over there.
He's got a family of 30.
And he still shows up to work every day.
And yeah, he said some things.
But are we going to hold that against him?
He's a gorilla.
He's actually never said anything to that.
Just erasing the voice of Rock-a-Fire.
What a surprise from Case.
Some of us learn decency young.
They taught that when you were young.
Shit.
I thought I could get away with being an absolute rascal.
That's what you were like when you were young?
I was kind of like an absolute rapscalion, actually.
That must have been fun, Chet.
Yo, I got into some hijacks.
A lot of kids at USA have political opinions these days.
I don't really know.
If you have like a phone, would you be getting inundated with tons?
I mean, culture is very political now, I guess.
I had opinions on politics when I was like 10,
but they were just my parents' opinions.
And were they good?
Fortunately, my parents had all the right political opinions.
That's why I've held onto them to this day.
He just does whatever his parents say.
You gotta just do what mommy and daddy's policies are, Chet.
And be a good boy.
Oh, that's actually a pretty good platform.
I get that.
Okay, here's food.
I know I appear white to the naked eye,
but I actually have Asian taste buds.
I'm not sure what that makes me.
What?
What box I need to check at the DMV now,
but I do know that I am working very hard
to be the Asian mom I never had by stealing recipes from them.
What?
I'm fully aware stealing makes me a bad person,
but I have different priorities from the average folk,
and it's okay to be different.
Can you get canceled for making a salad?
Probably not, but she is managing to turn making a salad
into a thing that will get weird comments on TikTok.
She's gained the algorithm.
She's like, a lot of ladies just make a salad.
I'm going to make a salad and also farm racial conflict comments.
Appropriation of Asian taste buds.
She kind of dialed it in there.
She was saying things that were just like 30% off,
but you're like, what?
Why?
And I bet she got some comments.
I suspect she probably did.
Rachel salad?
Yeah.
Whoa, we're back in sports.
You might have to get a sports correspondent after all.
She came.
This is two minutes long.
Okay, there's a seven second version of this.
Cost that racial salad.
She could still change her at.
That's a pretty good one.
Here's seven seconds of sports.
We came into your house,
set at your damn table.
Hell, your wife handed eight-year-old damn food
and now we're leaving.
I think we actually need some of the full two minutes there
for more context.
There is a bit more to this.
We'll play it while you guys vote.
Hey, people.
Oh my God.
I can't believe we did this again.
I think the score was 38-18.
We were down 20.
And I was going on the sideline.
I told everybody, we're going to win 39-38.
Don't worry.
Three touchdowns.
That's going to be the difference.
And we win this game.
I was saying it loud,
but I was a little worried in the back of my head.
But I'm telling you, even tonight,
these dudes showed up early in the fourth quarter.
Look at that pose.
The whole stadium is so ready.
When they were 38-18, was yelling,
scoreboard, scoreboard, scoreboard.
See how he wraps this up.
We need to do a touchdown.
Get out of here.
Look at the stadium.
A four.
We came.
We saw.
We conquered.
And now we're leaving.
You know what I mean?
We basically came into your house,
set at your damn table.
Hey, yeah.
Your wife, your damn food.
Fuck yeah.
Yes.
Oh, we fucking got their asses.
Fuck yeah, case.
Yo, what's up?
I just don't know what he's fired up about.
I don't.
Not a sports guy.
Goddamn.
Goddamn.
What's this?
Damn, you got to take it off stream remote
so I can thank people for providing us with these.
This is from r.
That last one is from live and sleazy.
Um, let's find out what's happening here.
This is sort of a mystery.
This is a mystery video.
Could go any number of directions.
Dude.
I'm cool, bro.
Dude.
No, I'm not going to tell what you dude.
You want to?
It's actually not as homie.
No, no, bro.
I would be in there already.
Hey, where's all the bears at home?
Aren't you supposed to be like eating little kids or something?
I'm only discussing that.
Hey, that goes homie.
What the fuck?
So do you like live down here?
Yeah, it's because you're expensive after that.
Oh, what do they call you clowny?
Hey, they call me Joker homie.
Oh, shit.
It's the dang Joker.
I thought he was in the musicals now,
but turns out he's actually fucking kind of still cool as hell.
I love the Joker.
He loves the Joker.
Dude, because he's like that.
If they would bring in that version of the Joker,
I would be excited for Batman again.
Just the Joker is like, yo, what's up homie?
You want to fucking modelo?
Kind of a cool Joker, right?
I pretty much came to watch the world chill, actually.
And I do laugh, but like with friends.
Cholo Joker.
I would be very down for Cholo Joker.
What's going on here?
Hmm.
Well, anyway, Cholo Joker is fantastic.
And now to follow up something lovely with something terrible.
I don't know what this is, but 9.38 for that last one.
I almost feel like I need to give you a content warning
because I'm finding this image extremely disgusting,
but I'll just blast you guys with it.
You see this cookie?
Would you eat it?
No.
Neither would your man.
Book a wax appointment with Zara House.
Zara.
What?
Let's watch that again.
You see this cookie?
Would you eat it?
No.
Neither would your man.
Book a wax appointment with Zara House.
Can ladies' hairs get that long case?
Maybe.
I would eat it.
I'd eat it.
I was grossed out at first, but if it comes from a beautiful woman,
and all women are beautiful, actually,
put it in my mouth, ladies.
I'll eat that cookie.
It's just covered in hair, man.
Yeah, man.
What, you afraid to eat a lady's hair?
Grow up.
Uh, Citrix, thank you so much for the 20 months.
If a woman takes the time to make you a delicious cookie,
and yeah, it's sort of covered in her hairs,
you really going to disrespect her by not chowing down
on her delicious hair and cookie?
I think I would pass.
Ffff, fucking.
Grow up, dude.
Am I supposed to ingest hair?
Well, I guess you've never been in love before.
A lot of body part kinks coming out today.
Every kink is somewhat body part case.
Grow up.
Let's do two more, Chet.
Let's do two more of these.
We'll be back this week.
We can get to the stragglers another time.
What, a bunch equals love?
Yeah.
Dude, I can't help it if I'm like an incredibly forward-thinking man.
That's why that video got a 10 out of 10.
Dude, I don't think it got that high of a score.
But you weren't paying attention, so I'm pretty sure it got a 10.
Let's get into some gaming.
Let's shift gears.
Back to gaming.
This used to be a gaming network.
This was never a network at all.
Well, then why am I saying this?
What just happened?
What?
I love games, brr.
Do you like games?
Did you enjoy that?
We never stopped playing, exactly.
Yeah, you know, as a gamer, obviously I loved that gaming content that we just watched.
I was into it in the beginning.
I was like, what's up?
And then I was like, wait, what's up?
And then I kind of never figured out what was up.
That's how it goes sometimes.
Oh, shit, Biden?
Got a Biden video?
I've not been keeping up with our current president.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Well, yeah, I learned that Spanish in Spain.
That's why our Secret Service agents are so hard-working and intelligent.
I consider joining the Ski.IA, but I actually used snowboard, so I didn't...
8.46 for that Leon video for us real gamers.
Let's see what Biden's up to.
Dude, we didn't know what we had.
Fucking haters like Case.
He's dying or whatever.
Oh, he's a Crypt Keeper.
And now look at him.
He looks fucking better than ever.
He's cracking jokes.
We all miss him.
We all know we made a huge mistake.
And four more years.
Uh, you know, I can't deny the Biden resurgence.
He can still win if you vote for him.
That's true for everyone.
He is kind of dying just a little bit.
Aren't we all eventually?
I mean, I'd prefer to not.
Can I not?
I think we probably will.
Shit.
Well, anyway, can I still vote for him?
You can write him in.
You can lead the writing campaign.
Jaggy's dead inside.
Um, but there's, you know, you can't really vote on that.
Heroes never die.
That is true.
Speaker wearing the orange.
She does look like she's, she's wearing full White House Speaker is the new orange.
That is a straight, that does look like a straight up prison jumpsuit.
He's doing the Tim Waltz eyes too.
Tim Waltz eyes are going around.
Check it out.
I'm giving you a preview of the, of the future Biden animatronic at the hall of presidents.
Four score and seven million years ago, a dinosaur came to earth and told me I would be president.
I'm just controlling him.
This is a sick animatronic.
Boom, boom, boom, boom.
All right.
Sorry.
I'm falling back into my old rap scallion ways.
I'm acting like the old me.
You consider that your bad youth behavior is scrubbing the timeline on a video?
Yes.
Okay.
Let's do this final video.
It's pumpkin season case.
I know that you never worked the land like me.
What land did you work?
My dad has a couple of oil refineries and I tried to grow pumpkins on them.
Why?
Because I did just said make an acre of land work for you son.
And I proved myself to him.
Let's just not get into your lore right now.
Let's just watch this pumpkin video.
It's five minutes long.
So we might skip around a little bit.
Hey, what's up guys?
Me and Jake's at this pumpkin patch.
You're going to skip this?
Good luck.
Push your mind around.
We're going to go see what we can get into.
How much longer do I have to push you?
Grab my back hurts.
How you fucking pushing?
You're going to push me as long as I want you to fucking push me.
Motherfucker.
Whoa.
$6 for them little pumpkins.
Fuck it.
That's a good deal, grand.
Good deal, my ass.
Let's keep looking.
Holy fuck.
Look at the size of that fucker.
Whoa, she's right.
That's a damn.
That's a damn.
Is she run for president?
That's a good sport.
Six foot my fucking ass.
Why'd you go straight to president?
I don't know.
Can she put that motherfucker?
You can write her in chat.
Why?
Because I said so.
Put that thing back.
That's a good parent thing.
Motherfucker.
You could sure fucking pick up.
Can't you?
So look at that.
Here you go.
What am I supposed to do with that and stick it up my ass?
Oh, grand.
Here's another nice one.
We're not supposed to put that motherfucker.
Get these motherfuckers off of me now.
Okay.
Granny.
Put it back.
Granny, this is a nice one.
Don't bring it over here to me, motherfucker.
Look at all those ice warts and everything else all over it.
What's up with all these flies?
The flies are getting in my face too, motherfucker.
It's on the counter to the damn horseshit.
All right.
We'll continue the journey of this grandma later because I am very curious.
Senator Dev says I wanted to post Lord Spew's premiere episode of his new Adult Swim web series,
but it's like five minutes long and I figured that'd be too long for ATN.
Case does have an extremely short attention span and that's why I think he upset a limit of no time for videos ever.
Well, there's some time.
I'm not familiar with Lord Spew.
But hey, I'll check it out.
Maybe we'll find a clip at some point.
It's called Body Head.
I haven't heard of Body Head.
As usual, I'm uninformed.
I'm going to search Body Head real quick.
Body Head.
Adult Swim Body Head.
That was the 7.9 for Granny there.
There's three more minutes of that.
Have I seen this?
I feel like I've ever seen TikTok clip.
Body Head!
Whoa.
Watch the Body Head trailer.
Well, end on the Body Head trailer.
So I don't spoil it.
You can go give Adult Swim a view.
All right, here's the Body Head trailer.
Will Neff is a voice actor.
No, guys, the murders are legally...
Don't worry, this is rated R.
Oh, man.
I want to see.
I've ever heard of nothing.
Body Head!
That's Body Head, y'all.
It's got voice acting from a bunch of awesome people,
Meet Canyon, Juki Ohara, Sandwich Dude, Blake Anderson,
and of course, The Will Neffer scene.
Formerly of...
Where'd you work before?
Piggly Wiggly's?
G4.
Right.
Anyway, check it out.
Body Head has got Will Neff in it.
Yeah, I didn't know that.
I'll check it out.
And I like Meet Canyon to do the animation.
It doesn't look entirely Meet Canyon-y, the animation.
So maybe he's just in it.
The trailer doesn't do it justice.
Well, trailers never do, but...
I'll certainly check it out.
Yeah!
Well, God, my headphones!
Oh, no!
The animation is All Lord Spew, I see.
So who's...
I should look up Lord Spew, too.
Maybe I do know who Lord Spew is.
He's fucking the king of barf.
I don't know if that's right, but anyway.
Uh, that's...
I think that'll do us for today.
That...
Is It?
Says the gorilla.
Who was the one I listened to?
He's giving the hand signal that that's all the time we have, so...
That doesn't mean we have to get out of here.
And I actually don't have to do a sign-off, cause...
It's the internet thing.
And not the news.
And with an internet thing you don't do a sign-off?
Yeah, that's right, Chet.
Oh!
Then...
Fuck you.
What?
Fuck you is my sign-off.
Yo!
Fuck you!
You gonna join in?
Fine, fuck you.
Why?
You're just keeping so mean to me.
Chet, do you want me to say it or not?
It's not like that.
You don't say it so aggressively.
It's all the time we have.
Sorry, case ended on such a weird note.
He's being fucking very aggressive today.
And...
That's just how it goes sometimes.
We'll see you later.
Boom!
Lord Spew is talented as hell.
He worked on Adventure Time, Rick and Morty, and Axe Cop.
All those I like.
You're one of his mods.
That's fun.
Yeah, definitely check it out.
Bodyhead.
I think I haven't watched, um...
Adult Swim Stuff in like the last couple years.
Outside of...
What's the one?
Where they're pals?
And they try to make you less depressed?
Anyway, I feel like I'm due to, uh, sort of...
Brain dumps, um, whatever the modern catalog of Adult Swim is into my head at some point.
Smiling friends, exactly.
Unfortunately, my ability to remember proper titles is incredibly terrible, but, yeah, Smiling Friends is the last Adult Swim show I watched much of.
Um...
But Bodyhead looks fun.
I like Meat Canyon.
Whales in it?
Why not?
Adventure Time Show Scooby-Doo, The Midnight Gospel.
I love the Midnight Gospel, too.
Teen Titans.
Midnight Gospel is great.
I think, unfortunately, it'll probably never get a second season, but that's a...
That's a very unique show.
He also did an Uzumaki episode.
Wow.
That's sick.
Uzumaki, one of the few hard copy, uh, books I still have.
Alright, well, let's do one more news, I guess.
And just another news, and then we'll go to the streets and then we'll see where we're at.
But what else is going on in the world today?
I don't know, let's find out.
Rumors of my demise were greatly exaggerated.
I just wanted to talk about the Snake Story today.
You've got a Snake Story for us?
Yeah, Snakes?
Oh, big ride now, guys.
I know you never up on the latest trends.
But Snakes are fucking huge right now.
And I think it's time we talk about it.
Balzoa did misplace the Snake Story, and we find it really quick.
Wait, I did.
But the Snake Story.
Oh, damn it.
Where's my... Oh, Snake, there it is.
Yes.
He's getting pushed downstairs, one of your kinks.
It's true that I actually...
I only go downstairs when I want to, so...
Well, actually, it'll be the judge cowboys and girls.
Getting pushed on the stairs can't be...
It's just too dangerous of a kink.
Tell us that to Dobby Allen.
You know Dobby Allen?
Well, I know Dobby Allen's a financial analyst.
So not a different one, but he loves to get pushed on the stairs.
You know, a financial analyst named Dobby Allen.
Very wealthy, very banked up.
Likes that kink a lot.
Okay.
Sorry, you wanted to talk about snakes today?
Is that right?
You are correct.
Therapy featuring snake massages is growing in popularity.
So...
Who's crazy now?
I don't know you were ever in the snake massages.
Well, it's because I don't invite you to my social life case.
How do I shave my face?
I sort of just let...
I just go to the bathroom.
I just go to the bathroom.
I just go to the bathroom.
I just go to the bathroom.
I just let...
I just got into the sun.
Sort of like Superman shaves with X-ray vision.
I just let the sun's rays do it.
It burns the...
burns the hair off my face.
I think that's...
doesn't sound super healthy, like a healthy way to do it.
It's like burning ants, but for your facial hairs.
It's another trend.
But lately I have snakes do it.
Yeah, snakes are shaving me lately because snakes are hot right now.
A strange new therapy is slithering up the charts in popularity.
Snake massages are said to provide a thrilling kind of therapeutic relaxation.
For those who can't stand it, the writhing motion of...
and weight of a snake all over the body is supposed to be therapeutic.
It is, I'm telling you.
Relieving stress and increasing blood flow to tight muscles.
Two dozen of Darby Allen from that show about sex sending people to the hospital.
Wait, is Darby Allen...
Did Darby Allen appear in a show about sex sending him to the hospital?
I mean, my Darby Allen did.
That's not a thing I knew.
But I need to see if there's pictures of this.
I'm gonna go to TikTok real quick and just search snake therapy.
When he was super young, he got sent to the hospital for sex stuff.
Holy shit.
Sounds like a dangerous video for me to search for.
Ew, okay. No snakes really freak some people out.
Here's somebody from a place called Snake Therapy.
I don't think this one features a snake, actually, so we're safe.
We'll look up snake videos after this one.
But this is a practitioner of snake therapy talking about it.
Okay, let's see what we've got.
She's muted.
Come back.
Learning about complementing education with the idea that
learning about and interacting with these animals
can actually have measurable therapeutic effects on us,
on our emotional and our mental health.
And then for those people that are caretakers,
it can encourage them to act with more mindfulness...
The snakes.
...and empathy and compassion towards the animals that they keep
and their health and improve their husbandry...
Is therapy specifically for like animal trainers?
And also talking about, you know, how I've witnessed the therapeutic
aspect of interactions with snakes,
or helping things from anxiety to neurodivergence...
So it's an anxiety therapy.
...and ADHD.
...complementing education...
Using snakes, correct.
What aren't you understanding?
Just feels like it could be a little anxiety producing.
No, once you submit to the snake,
your own emotions don't matter.
Now you simply have to submit to the will of the snake
to achieve total peace case.
Lilliana, have you ever permed your cookie hairs?
Well, I mean, I make a lot of men eat cookie hairs
and eat, you know, hair cookies.
Well, that's a good idea.
I could really permit out, sort of stylize the hair cookies
that I feed some of the people I date.
I still don't quite get what...
So snake therapy is just covering yourself in snakes?
Well, if you'd let me finish, case.
The snake session in Eucypsy, New York,
is guided by a self-proclaimed snake priestess
who calls herself Sopintessa.
She says for 25 years she has specialized
as an interspecies facilitator,
which is always a risky term,
but you've got to take risk for snake therapy.
Anyway, interspecies facilitator
who guides snakes to slither and wrap around people
like Pam Kelly.
Boa constructors some longer than six feet slither
all over Kelly's body.
They tone and stimulate the vagus nerve in your body
that releases endorphins and oxycortin,
the feel-good hormones.
You know, the feel-good hormones that snakes release.
This does just sound like fear factor, Shaggy, yeah.
Isn't that illegal covering yourself in snakes?
I don't know, but I'm just going to Google
really quick Sopintessa snake therapy
just to see if she has a...
Oh my God, to see if she has a website.
Oh, constructors some longer than...
This has been going on for years.
This isn't new. I just found a video that's six years old, Liliana.
Well, it's been going on for a while, obviously.
Like most healing practices that work,
it's been hidden from the public eye.
You're going to show the video of the lady getting covered in snakes?
Yes, so, warning chat,
if you are terrified of snakes,
this is a two-minute video.
We'll probably watch a minute of it,
but it starts immediately with a snake.
It's six years old, so let's see how they were doing it six years ago
with this straight-up video of a lady getting covered in snakes
starting right now.
So if you need to click away, I understand.
Why would you click away?
See, what's so scary about this?
Look, it's a trained therapist, essentially.
Everybody's all normalized therapy
until there's a couple snakes in the room.
Yeah, feel it.
See? Snake consent is important.
See?
Snake consent is important.
Oh, look how relaxing that is.
See, here's what we need.
This will let you understand why it works.
Let's see.
They're not giving it the appropriate treatment,
so I'll help them out here.
How safe.
You are the one that's going to choose whether it's safe for you or not.
Do you know what has ever been heard by any of our volunteers?
She tells us people typically reach out to her
for one of three reasons.
Healing, empowerment,
or to get over their fear of snakes.
And she said the session held.
It was a lot of calm and peaceful things you caught as a...
It was a point where it felt like they were just hovering at the shoulders
and just came back.
See, case?
Don't you feel like audio troubles just melted away?
Even from just watching a bunch of snakes cover a lady's face?
You see those who said,
God, I need to come up with some bullshit that people will fall for just to make red?
I do wonder how much...
Serpentessa is making here.
Although I don't think that's...
Serpentessa is a different snake priestess.
Yeah, don't get your snake priestess's confused case.
Serpentessa, I mean, nothing against that particular snake priestess, but...
It's a vibrant and full community.
Filled with people covering themselves with snakes.
It does seem that way.
You turned off the relaxing music.
Now it's just nose again.
Wasn't this a Law and Order episode?
Oh, baby, now I've got something else to search.
Law and Order, snake therapy.
Hmm.
There's something called the head of the snake that popped up, but...
I wouldn't be surprised.
This is... See, based on this having a six-year-old video from a local news station,
this feels like the kind of human-interest story that just gets...
Recycled back into the news every now and again.
Again and again and again.
And I'm proud to be part of that process.
It's like the Krebs cycle, but for human-interest stories.
I don't do Krebs therapy.
I do snake therapy, guys.
Yes, he loves to give hugs.
See, snakes are designed to give hugs.
They're technically all appendage.
Their whole body can hug as well as any human arm.
Isn't that the thing of beauty?
Well, you know, I'm glad you found something you like, Leona.
Oh, I found things I like all the time.
And I like to tell you all about them.
And I'm proud to have done just that today.
So be sure to give your snake a big hug
and let it hug you back and watch the stress melt away.
I'll talk to you soon.
I'm Leona Brafengschmott.
I've gotten the snakes off the bin, I swear.
Some people pay to get cuddles.
Some pay for snake cuddles to each their own.
That's a good way to look at it, Lady Citrix.
You know?
Do you ever hang out with snakes, Pepito?
Yeah.
Aren't you a little scared that they might eat you?
They try to.
But brings out when you're in a snake.
I mean, you can't eat the snake.
Technically, Dave birthed to myself in the sense of I was born out of a snake
through the power of eating.
Does that count as therapy?
Jesus, Pepito.
What?
Answer your question.
Yeah, I like to chill with snakes.
You know?
Let's just kick you to the streets.
It's street time.
Let's see what Tripp's got to say.
And if you have anything to say,
exclamation point trip is how you send Tripp all of your hottest opinions.
Here's the streets.
Oh, jeez.
I dropped my dang glasses.
Shoot.
Can't see a thing.
Sorry, everybody.
I should really let Case know when I can't find my fricking glasses.
But I'm not careful.
I'm going to have to be Tripp Badstein today.
I have to use my transition lenses.
Oh, these make it real dark.
Where did I put these fricking things?
Oh, glasses.
Carnot.
These aren't even my prescription,
but I guess I'll give them a shot.
Ugh, this feels all wrong, but oh well.
Hello, everyone.
It's hard to see you today
because I'm not wearing my prescription of...
No one's there yet.
Not wearing my glasses prescription.
But, um, it seems we've got some hot opinions
already lined up for the day,
and that makes sense because you're with Tripp on the streets,
where I take your opinions and I find them out here on the streets.
If you have any opinions for me, you're already doing it,
but exclamation point Tripp is how you fill up my opinion bucket
with all of your important thoughts for the day.
And I appreciate it every time that you do it.
Uh, looks like we've already got one loaded up.
Uh, yes, are you there, miss?
I'm Tripp Badstein.
Do you mind talking to me?
Hi.
It's your grandma for any trip.
Oh, Grant, what are you doing here?
I need $50,000.
It's urgent.
What, what happened?
Well, your long-lost twin brother,
I never knew you had.
Trippie Tripp.
He has to get out, he has to get out of jail.
Trippie's in jail again?
Well, he contacted me on Truce Social.
There's no time.
They incinerate him at three.
Grandma, it's already five o'clock on the west coast.
It's nighttime here.
It is?
Oh my God, he's already dead.
Well, I'll need $50,000 for the funeral then.
Because he said he also covers funeral expenses for just $50,000.
And if I send him $50,000, I'll also get a free Trumpy Bear and a Trumpy Bass.
Um, Grandma, it's really good to see you.
Thanks for coming all the way out here.
I had to buy a plane ticket.
I flew all the way out here immediately for a mini soda.
Yes, I understand that you left a traditional trip estate in Minnesota,
but I don't think you should have come.
I'm a little worried that Trippie might be fine.
I just got a text from him.
It says, you ever seen a dog skateboard?
And yes, I have.
You have?
So how do you get out of jail then?
Maybe somebody else gave him the $50,000.
Or maybe you need to just be careful with what you see online.
I'm careful.
You know, there's a bus up there that's just picking up young ladies.
And once they're on it, they make really good money.
Can you put me in touch with the bus man?
Because I, the last, but that's one of the buses I took to get here.
I made him an offer and he was not accepting.
Grandma, I think you need to just take it easy on the internet time.
Grandpa looking down on us from up in heaven.
I don't know if he would appreciate how much money he's making.
But wait, how much time you're spending on the internet?
I can't help it if he moved to heaven, Minnesota, one county over, and we're estranged.
I'm sorry, but he's looking down on you and you'll never get back together at this rate.
Okay, well, can I at least get 10 grand to buy a plane ticket from the guy who messaged me
I'm giving away plane ticket subscriptions for $10,000?
I don't really do cars, trains or anything, but um...
Talk to my producer in the trash can over there and they'll get you sorted out.
Alright, well, glad to hear your brother's okay.
Where's a skateboarding dog? I'd like to see that.
On the internet? Well then I know where I need to go.
Straight back on to true social to search for a guy who'll sell me one.
Okay, I'll talk to you soon.
I'm proud of you. I'm a big fan of being biologically related to you. Bye-bye.
It's honestly nice when you're... when there's cross-generational fans of your street work.
That'll motivate me through another 10 years of living on this street.
But actually the street itself is motivation enough.
Alright, let's see who else is out here.
Mmm, alright.
Buying energy drink as a bus now?
They've had it for a while.
But I wouldn't recommend checking out their back catalog.
It might make you feel a little dirty.
Oh, I've got a text.
One second, I've got a reply to this.
Alright, ooh, what the fuck is this?
Umm, you there, what do you want from me? I'm Trippy B.
Oh, Tripp, Tripp, Tripp.
Regal me with your anal ambrosia.
Oh, geez. What's this one this time? What are you?
I am the bead keeper.
What's that?
I also keep juices and odors of the smelly star.
May Tripp, may I, may I Tripp, Sneef?
What are you? What? What?
I sniff your bottom.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, please.
The park is fantastic for dipping in and sampling
the most bodacious back snatches.
Eh?
I'm still confused about your initial job.
No, there's no time if you don't mind trip if you don't mind can I get a dip with my beads in you?
You're the bead keeper. It's keep up trip, please
Can I you just want to jam some beads in me. Mmm. Yeah, someone's getting it
pass
pass
That all right with everyone if I pass on that that biker said it's fine so pass
Okay, then you can't fulfill my desires
In that case I'm off to see Aiden
a
Mean the beekeeper. I
Mean I'm the beekeeper you'll get it. I've got to go see
Aiden
Rowling away
I'm on a boat called Aiden and I rode it here, and I'm gonna row it to Aiden Ross
Roses I'm gonna go watch Aiden Ross stuff himself with beads. Why did you spend so much time trying to cover it up?
If you're just gonna admit to it
All right, gotta go cuz he's busy. He's only got a couple hours off stream
I don't know where the fuck Aiden Ross is. Why is he even care?
all right
Hmm
Let's see who else is out here fairly stuff himself with beads
I don't know if we can trust the beekeeper. He's got a very bead oriented worldview. All right
oh
My god, sir if you need to talk to me, that's fine, but you don't have to sir. Oh my god
He's playing DJ snake and little don turn down for what?
snake
I guess this makes sense because snake is in the title of both
Snake snake snake snake snake
What the fuck what is going on? What's with the production right now? Do you have anything else?
Big fan. I prefer the streets not be so avant-garde. I'd prefer a question, mr. Snake man. Actually, I liked it
I can't tonight. I liked it
Sometimes a guy just walks up and says snake at you
Who was the wood guy? Oh well no time to find out all right
Who's next you there fancy lad what do you have to say to me? Hey trip?
It's Salazar have we met well look if you'd like snake therapy because he's going on with people talking about it
Yes, and I can sell you parasites
parasite therapy
That like snakes it kind of makes you a thing that slithers and I hear that's popular
You can sell me a thing that slithers. No, it makes you into a thing that slithers is really popular in Europe
So would you like to buy my?
bug thing
I'm good. I'm not really new age therapy and guy. I'm mostly a park guy
I mean sometimes snakes crawl all over me at night, but
The guy in the bush over the in the next bush over is the one who tells me about it. I'm fast asleep
You don't want to like turn into
Like a rhino but made out of
Mantis parts with wings a rhino made out of mantis parts with wings big wings and also like a long tongue
I could make that happen for you
For just five hundred thousand dollars and I also kind of need to borrow five hundred thousand dollars
Because a guy on truth social told me that he can cure my vitiligo
your vitiligo
Do I not he said I did I don't know if you can get that I think I can
No, I can't I don't want it and I can't give you five hundred thousand dollars
I'm fucking in the hole man. I've already sent him so much money. I just need five hundred thousand dollars to set me straight till next week
How are you in the hole if you've already paid him? There's no doesn't sound like you owe him
He hasn't sent you anything right well not yet, but he's going to
Okay, how old are you? Oh he's 600 or so you should get off the internet, too
I think if you're above 80 you just it's not safe
I also thought there's a skateboarding dog around here somewhere um just talk to my producer that'll sort you out okay
Will that work for you that will work for me okay?
My bye I guess
It's hard to sell stuff these days. Nobody's a buyer anymore big fan
That castle doesn't take care of itself that guy is a fucking castle
Why does he smell like that then if he's a fancy man? He smelled less than fancy. I have to say
all right
Honestly
You par for the course out out here today on the streets
My mind feels 90% intact
Which is pretty good
Okay, oh what the heck one of these little guys again. What do you want? Are you all right?
Oh my god you guys I don't know him stop it
I don't
Why am I so popular with hamsters lately and mayor of what?
all right well I
Guess I'm endorsing ham tarot for mayor of the park or whatever
If I hear a name enough it does advertising works folks
All right, um you there whoa what a magnificent fellow. How are you today?
trip
How are you?
Listen
I've got an invention
That will send people like Rob Elvie to the shadow realm
I call it the trap do
What the trap do what's it how does it work?
You walk over it and
It's a hole and
What's the door apart? Well, I imagine a little door over the hole. Let me know I'll dig one wait, okay, sorry
You're talking about a trap door do
What's a door? Oh, it's
Scottish for whole
Are you Scottish? No, no, I'm
For Minnesota wait so am I you look a little familiar?
Oh, man, I'm too young
Kind of young with it
So you just are gonna dig a hole you think Rob Elvie will fall into it bingo
Just give me the just give me the just give me a sign and I'll get to digging
And I will need
$500,000 so that I can purchase the shovel of iniquity
From an ancient God that I encountered in a realm of truth
You're on truth social. Yeah
And I'm really in the hole. I owe a guy five hundred thousand dollars for this shovel that he is going to send me
It's a very high-level shovel. This is high-level stuff
Honestly, I shouldn't even be telling you what I'm telling you but I can cut you in for five hundred thousand dollars
upfront right now
For a shovel to dig a hole
Not just any hole a trap do it
All right. Well, I'm good
I'm passing on all financial offers today at the suggestion of my lawyer
Who's a cockroach?
Johnny cockroach have you heard of them? No
All right. Well
Very well shadow friend. Thank you for the offer, but I'll pass Rob Elvie's a little more
Frog even man, I think you'd see it coming
Okay, well if you don't ever want to be rid of the scourge of Elvie then that's on you. I gave it a shot
Because I'm a huge
Fan trip
Ahem
All right
Looks like we've got one more hot opinion in the in the works today. I'm going to cut off the opinions for now
But the big stop sign over my mouth. Let's see who else wants to talk to me
All right. Sorry a lot of disturbing creatures out here today
Some of which defy reason so thoroughly that I feel like I can't in good conscience
Speak to them. All right. None of those
There's gotta be someone out here that wants to talk to me trip eb
All right, you there. Oh boy. I'm trip Redstein
He's talking a thing you do. Oh boy
Pleasure to meet you
Really see the family resemblance
Sorry if you're really Papito sister do you actually think Limburger is a threat
When's the last time you hung out with Papito when we were born which was when
A little bit ago
A while
Anyway, he likes smelly shit. He's a freak. He eats everything if it smells like absolute trash
Beyond shit. He's devouring it already probably so the stinkier the better
There's no chance of stopping him with a foul smell
It's really hard about growing apart from family
You just want to know they're okay, but
You just get so busy
investing in crypto
You just get really carried away sometimes becoming a crypto influencer
Dinting a bunch of coins
Remlin coin water coin
Midnight coin. Are you just here to promote crypto? No, I'm Papito sister and I'm worried about him
I'm worried that he's gonna miss out on this incredible opportunity to be an early investor in midnight coin. I
Don't think crypto is that hot of a property right now
Now is actually the perfect time to get in
When there's not as much attention on it because it's
Still the future so I need his $500,000 so that I can warn Papito to stop eating cheese
By
Coincult stop eating cheese coin
You find this out on true social no, I've been promoting this on truth social
But I respect you so much that I came to offer this in person
All right, Papita
Thanks for the offer. I'll consider it. Okay. I will stay in touch. I will be under your bed tonight
Good luck. My bush is ground level
You get under my bed. You'll get squished by my body
There's barely any fucking room in there because there's a hamster in there now too
And he parked his car basically right into the bush and his fucking exercise bike is there
Not my little roommate issues don't even worry about it, but that's all the time I have
Think it over it's a huge opportunity. I just need $500,000
I
Do agree that Papito should stop eating so much cheese. There's just broad swaths of case of studio that are just
Unlivable with what with the rat wall smell the cheese smell
The various emotional odors that Chet produces the fragrance in there is
You can smell it from the streets. I'll say that because I refuse to go in any building
Papito can go subterranean and ride the mice illegal network underground. Oh, maybe a Papito's a fungus. I
Could see him being the first dog. That's also a fungus. That sort of adds up for me
But I don't add I do street math which equals opinion plus pavement
Minus
Not truth. Anyway, you get the idea. That's all the time we have I'm trippy bee
I'll never leave the streets and I'll see you all soon. Bye. Bye
Peter do you have a sister?
Is that actually your sister?
You don't know if you have any family
Things like a little grubby thing. I don't remember that stuff
You remember when you were a little grubby thing
I mean you still are so I guess you do
What because I get it good. I get it good hosting now feed me and elect me your God. Oh
Yeah, you're running for mayor of Rennerton. Yep
elect me to be the god of
stores
Of great I like me the new mayor of grocery stores
I'll make sure that I get all the stuff in them to where they need to be
Which is here
Right under me big pile of food that I'm gonna sit on and that's a campaign promise
If you don't doesn't even know Fiona anymore
Everything I say has her complete endorsement it does yeah be taxed I
Find all sorts of little notes and they're from her
Okay, that's fine
Munches of president. I don't think munches even on the ticket
For this you're gonna say Saturday's big
Rennerton return stream
Rennerton return stream
Okay, I think we had one learn more segment I said I would do so let's do it
Let's punish you all with some DJ music. He's got to run through
All of the truth social scams, but musically
So Pappito talks more to Fiona than case and cast them everywhere the little notes are
This is a sign of love for me. She likes me more than you guys
Hmm, that's possible. Maybe you're just more innately likeable than me. I can't help that Pappito
All right, let's send it down to music to cover all the hot details from truth social scams
That this article listed 20 up for some reason and maybe he'll get someone to rap about it, too
Or maybe he I don't know how he works. Anyway, it's time for DJ music. Hello, everybody. Great to see you
It's ya boy DJ music
Back at it again. There we go. My voice was not sounding as commanding as it usually does
But now is back to being the most beautiful voice in the world. Yeah
Then your brain Pappito is real in my mind is real as well
And also all of the just insane messes. He leaves everywhere feel all too real to me. I'll be honest
Wow, I'm blue. It's like it's not even food or poop. He's leaving everywhere. It's just
It's like a curse. I feel like he curses the ground he feeds upon
Sort of magical honest
Almost respected. I didn't step in it so often
Whoo, anyway, there's scams going on in the world today. You hate to see it
What you love to music it?
So let's punish your ears with some music right now
Truth social, what's the deal with it? Oh, Kendall's calling me. Let me talk to Kendall real quick actually
Kendall you're on the stream. How you doing?
Kendall doesn't feel good and she didn't eat everybody
Well, I'm almost done streaming. So when you're back
I'll make sure case feeds you
Okay, do you want anything in particular?
All right dealers choice
Okay, how far away are you before?
All right, we'll wrap this up real quick and then we'll get you something that you like to eat
All right, okay, we'll talk to you soon
Bye chat she says all right
One second just got a work email from one of the one of the other music projects. I'm working on
Let me just double check that they have what they need
Little bit of stream work makes the team work
Where the fuck is this shit right now?
Oh
Yeah
Well, oh right the winner was a tie and I didn't even see what it was for
That's the power of getting work texts
On the stream things the DJ music
But I'm excited that I got to see a tie
The devil is a tie
What should Kendall eat? I should get her tie
That's a great point
Let's get Kendall some delicious Thai food
That's a music classic did the DJ music. All right, um, oh
Not that one. What else we got? What else do we have? Oh?
Yeah, this is gonna this kind of do it for me
Let's learn about scams y'all
Scams scams
Everyone is scam
true social
scams man, I paid a fee to get past this security risk
Minnesota total 500,000
age 60 to
64
Hot in April 2024. I met on truth social
She said it was a business
Cryptocurrency if you know I'm into it got me to trade with a company called going corner
Based and not in a corner. It was an England
When scams this man, they had a minimum amount the amount was goddamn
500,000 is what they wanted to pay to pay to them which I was trying to do every day
After they contacted me I filed a report with the sheriff's office in giving men
Tia and the redacted later falling a lot report with the FBI
From Minnesota Tia. Let's move on to Tennessee as you see
170,000 green knees March
2024 they were scamming some more on
Another site what was this game even for it was supposedly they pay out 10% to go get
Money back it gave me 10% to go get money back. Well, here's the thing that didn't happen
I did not get the money back. Oh shit another scam
Let's go to New York the scam land
1689 to with the zero that's nearly 170 scamming for the heroes
That was just last month where they fell victim
Cryptocurrency once again, can you believe it man?
They lived in Queens, but were originally from Russia and after talking for a few weeks
They asked about Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. Oh boy
Oh morning, they wanted Bitcoin. I can't believe it what they asked for they said about
170 I said I can't do more
Would believe this they said I supposedly earn a total of
$1,061,000 and other numbers and the taxes they wanted me to pay
the taxes were
100
972 and
69
22%
Interest and about 5,000 percent of my rent god damn
another easy scam
Can you believe all these games man?
That's just three but there is 17 more and to help us get through them
Let's ask um, let's ask an attorney to break this down
We actually have an attorney on here
That we that we go to at times like this a little Tommy big law our
Lee our legal expert is go break down all these cases for us
Hopefully little Tommy can make it through all 17
Let's get some
Law and order trap beat going
For little Tommy here
He's hugely expensive
So this is gonna set case back a lot
But it's worth it. It's worth it to get his expertise joining us at this time. Please welcome
little Tommy big law
Yeah, yo
Looking big today big law a big a lot
Little town you're in the money cuz I came
Like a little truck man drive a little truck and talking toys man
I'm playing with these toys without the girls and boys
Ask me about log at annoying. Yeah, I'm a legal expert
And I mean I know how to flirt with the law the big laws
Big job
Big
What big law
Tell them what I saw you want my legal pee
The shut up is just listen. Whoo. What you think about this big law?
Down in North Carolina
150,000 is what they lost for a well-known investors in Donald Trump
That's the case if you close the shut little time big law tell you what give me one fifty thousand
And I'll settle it that case man. I can handle it
The problem when you get scared is that you need a lawyer that can help you plan it
I'll fuse my block that'll spell the word and the word that'll spell is
cleared
What spelling out clear?
Stack up every block with the letter on it and I spell out the word clear
I guess your money back because we somebody takes your money
You gotta get back because it's not funny when you lose a bunch of cash to you dad's man
Your dad's like you gotta give everybody cash back
What you gotta talk to your dad your dad'll talk to the other kids dad
And then the two dads will get the cash back. So my advice is go and talk to everybody's dad
This track is kind of fire
But it's hard to track what little Tommy's saying over it, but I don't speak legally so I guess that's to be expected
What about this one?
care of California
one thirty three hundred thirty three thousand dollars lost
they met on truth social and
They wanted a wire transfer
For the MD ys coin comm this also seems to be Bitcoin a lot of these are Bitcoin related
Legally speaking what was the recourse these people?
Yeah, give me the other beat. Can we another beat?
Oh
It's coming from you that you that your legal opinion on cryptocurrency little time big love girl
crypto
Yeah, get me
Sorry, hey, it's never a safe investment
Don't go and crypto. It's not good
Crypto
Not good. It's not good
Here's the only context I do is crypto is
appropriate
Yeah
Little Tommy big coin get your money back if you lost some money
And then listen to me Jack go to little Tommy big law crypto dot com cuz little Tommy crypto coin is the only one
Little Tommy crypto
It's the only coin worth your money and
Gi you can use it to cover your legal fees little Tommy crypto coin doc biz
And that's the biz bye-bye
His legal advice was just to buy his coin
Well, that's how it goes sometimes
Your loyal tries to scam you with their hourly fee and also their own crypto coin
We'll say that's the stream. We only made it through six scams. Well, what can you do?
The scams were coming in true and that's truth social taking money from you if you're old
Please stay safe
Sometimes your internet reasoning skills aren't so great, but that's fine
it happens
At the end of the day, we're all getting old man. Let's see who is on right now. It's time to raid
We're gonna send you to known pro damn. Okay. That's no more case says no me pro
Either way we're sending you to the known pro show. All right
The raid is being created
The pedos probably doing it somewhere. I'm just typing something else known pro
No, me pro no pro. Oh
Let's see that do anyway. He is
Playing Astro bot
Astro bot deep space first playthrough. All right, that's sick. Have fun with known pro. Thanks for hanging out
All stream long. Well, that's it
Ray silver
Dropping potatoes and chat. We love to see a s1000
Alrighty
We got some jets coming in from deadless K. Yeah, you wanna
Propaganda
By all that's fine s1000. Good to see you
Apple Apple as always addicted to Snapple. Well, thanks for hanging out with case and all of this stupid crap
Well, we got the rock of fire
Gorillas in chat on the black and white
Ivories. Yeah, man
Piano baby funnel web is good to see you. We're gonna send you back to known bro. Yeah, I
Think that's all the time we got thanks for hanging out. Thanks for chatting. Thanks for everything everybody live and sleazy
Thanks for all the master modding as always as well as to breach in any of the mods hanging out
We'll see y'all tomorrow have a beautiful day
Actually timed with the end of the song kind of I
Guess I'm just that good
You know, oh shit. I said another song goddamn. I'm in the street. Oh, there's so many noises. God. Oh fuck. I'm sorry everybody