I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
No don't fire me!
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do-
There we go.
My audio is deciding to take a break.
It's taking a much needed vacation.
Off to the strongest start like usual.
Nothing but the strongest starts here for all of us.
Okay, everything's working now.
There's already a hype train.
I gotta go fast today. I started kinda late.
We got a news through this.
So thank god a hype train started already.
To keep us on our toes.
Alright, well, sure, why not?
Papito, can you bring a hype train? Can you zoom and enhance on the hype train, Papito, actually?
Um, that's not really what I do, Kay.
He sort of just shows up.
You're not the one who calls him in?
I don't know what happens with anything.
He appears. He'll do it at some point.
Sure.
That's true.
Okay, hype train, are you available?
Yup.
Oh, good.
Uh, yeah.
Everybody, thanks for hanging out with us today.
Can you welcome everybody to the stream?
Yes, I can.
Papito's a producer?
That doesn't sound right.
Hey, baby. See you later.
She's busy. She's gotta run.
Mm-hmm.
It's piss talk time?
Maybe.
I can talk about anything.
You think I just talk about piss?
Yes.
No, I think I want other stuff.
I was just thinking about, um...
Yes?
See, hype train, you weren't thinking about anything else.
Oh my gosh.
Listen up, Jack.
Here's a 91-just mama jam, 300 shiny tasty coins,
and I've been dying to say this.
What's up?
You're still in year one for fucking one.
Year one for fucking one.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking about.
Now, you're just stealing that from Big J Dub.
Nah, I was thinking about years.
In the passage of time,
give me a mournful, wistful, tight beat to thank substitute.
His audio's doubled?
What?
What?
Oh, you're hearing two Bidens?
Double the Biden?
I bet I know what's happening there.
But will I fix it?
Yeah, I can't resist.
Should be fixed now.
Yeah, overwrite my settings. Okay.
Do you double the Biden?
Maybe that just makes his voice more powerful.
And sonorous.
Mournful beat.
A mournful trap beat.
You sure that's what you want to thank substitute?
I have never been more sure that that's exactly
what I would like to thank substitute.
Arrgh!
Two Bidens inside all of us?
Which one will we get?
We got a certain one for about four years.
Or if you count the Vice President times, which I don't.
But which one lives inside you is the question.
This is a sad type beat.
You can tell it's sad because there's a lady on it looking kind of upset.
Smoking cigarette.
The saddest of activities.
It's so sad that sometimes you've got to smoke a cigarette.
Instead of crack.
Sometimes you don't have any crack or you got some nicotine.
If you're feeling so lean, the world is me.
You can't smoke crack or you can smoke this nicotine damn.
You're reaching to your crack cupboard.
Your spiders and mothballs.
You're reaching to your crack sock.
And there's nothing at all.
So what you gonna do?
I thought you were thinking about the passage of time.
This is getting there.
It's all about the passage of time.
And how time's never fair.
Even if you care.
You stare at the walls and you stare
when you dream the crack would show up but it doesn't.
And so you just smoke a cigarette man.
Can you just thank the subs?
It's your one thing.
You only have 33 seconds to do it.
I can't even do it man.
This sub's so bad.
All I can do is smoke a cigarette.
A cigarette.
You ever thought about a cigarette and rat both contain the word rat?
They don't.
Yes they do.
Because rats were created by cigarettes.
And not a lot of people know this but let me explain.
The city goes so deep with cigarettes.
That the crats were birthed of the crats.
The crats?
Originally they were called crats.
Allow me to explain.
No.
Now I was about to explain the history of crats.
Which are cigarette rats.
The original rat.
He didn't think a single sub once again.
The only reason he exists.
Well big jade up thank you so much for the 300 bits.
Thank you for the 2 bits bonzai bullfrog.
Thank you for the 100 bits and the panther apple to apple.
Super beast thank you so much for the 29 months snorlaxing.
Thank you for the 26 months.
And uh, so breachy thank you for the town hall request.
The cigarette stuff.
We were about to get there and so sad that we had to stop.
Everyone's really broken up about it but maybe we can recover with some hot and spicy news.
It is in fact news time.
Cut the music case.
Stop the celebration.
The press is under attack.
Play the most panicky music we have.
What's available?
What induces panic in everyone?
Case.
No not that.
No not that.
Yes.
Uh, the press is under, is it just under attack?
I thought it's sort of bad under attack.
We know it's finally reached Defcon Pentagon.
We can't report from the Pentagon anymore.
It's finally time for me to do my news duty and let everyone know about this terrible happening.
Uh, yeah I mean it doesn't seem positive to me.
It's just I never see you fired up about anything Jeff.
I'm surprised you actually care.
Case.
I am the news.
Incarnate.
Of course I'm deeply concerned about the news.
Why isn't the headline working?
Case the headline doesn't matter right now.
No this is important.
I have to fix the headline or how are people even going to know we're doing the news?
No one can tell if the news is even happening anymore.
The news could have been totally canceled for the foreseeable future.
Just case stop fiddling with just overlays.
No this is important.
I need to fix this actually.
Jeff this is about protecting the news as well.
My headline has once again disappeared.
The ability to activate headlines?
The news is truly under attack.
I'm finally on your side.
Okay this is actually confusing.
Actually confused?
Why does this keep happening?
Wait a minute.
I don't care about this.
Why am I talking like you?
I don't care about this at all.
No there it goes.
News it says.
It says news.
So that's working again.
Way to go.
You fixed it guys.
Actually I didn't quite fix it.
It's important to bring the stream to a screaming halt whenever I have the
miners to tech issues and that's what you don't understand about the news Jeff.
That's what you're not getting.
Huh.
Worried my stream deck may have um...
Had a bit of a whoopsy daisy.
It might have slipped on the stairs here.
And it's just fully not functioning the way it's supposed to.
Uh...
What the frick?
Okay well...
I actually don't know how to fix this.
I don't even know how to fix this.
This is terrible.
Let me try one other thing.
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
It's like if you try to make your stream really complicated it doesn't want to work.
It's so unfair.
All I want is the most complicated setup for a stream ever.
That's so much to ask.
Apparently.
Hmm. Okay.
Well I don't know how to fix it so this is going to be annoying.
Now I'm going to have to go back in and manually turn off this headline.
Shut up case.
This isn't about you or your head or your damn headline.
What's it about?
The news has been sent packing.
We can't do the Pentagon news anymore.
Because they're like...
You don't even know the details.
Well look I need a story to know the details.
That's the problem is if we don't have news...
Guys like me won't be able to read the story and know what's happening.
You think I do any actual reporting?
Well yes I do the most important part of reporting.
Reading.
But someone's got to write the stuff I read.
And they're trying to stop us from being able to do that.
Well anyway I do think it's good that...
Well why don't we give them the details of the story first.
Okay.
Finally we can get to the news which might not exist in a couple days.
Journalists have exited the Pentagon rather than agreeing to new reporting rules.
Introduced by...
Who's the president right now?
What?
Oh wait right it's Trump.
Dozens of reporters turned in access badges and exited the Pentagon on Wednesday
rather than agree to government imposed restrictions on their work.
Publishing a pushing journalist who covered the American military
further from the seat of its power.
The nation's leadership called the new rules common sense
to help regulate a very disruptive press.
What are the new rules?
News outlets were nearly unanimous in rejecting the new rules.
And this isn't the Bill Maher type.
Oh are you sure Bill Maher didn't do this?
I'm 90% sure this is not one of Bill Maher's new rules.
But I haven't watched in a minute.
Really?
You haven't been keeping up with...
What's it called?
New rules with Bill Maher.
The Bill Maher show.
Bill Maher time with Billy Murray.
Look the point is Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth
said these new rules would leave journalists vulnerable to...
Wait he didn't say that.
News outlets said that new rules imposed by Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth
would leave journalists vulnerable to expulsion
if they sought information classified or otherwise
that had not been approved by Hegseth for release.
Oh that's right.
It's real sports with Bill Maher.
Thank you Skyamer for clarifying.
Yeah.
Time sports with real Maher.
Could it be Dual Leap as new rules?
We're not...
They're reporting but we can't confirm with the Pentagon anymore
if this is accurate.
But it might be Pete Hegseth's new rules.
But we might have to call in the Bill Maher show.
I don't think he does calls.
Damn it!
Many of the reporters waited to leave together at 4pm
seen to my right
a 4pm deadline set by the Defense Department
to get out of the building unless you're gonna ship up.
As the hour approached, boxes of documents
lined a Pentagon corridor and reporters carried shares,
a copying machine, books and old photos to the parking lot
in a sad office display fired by their own government.
When has that ever happened before?
Well they haven't been fired.
They've just been basically booted off the premises
for not agreeing to.
As far as I understand it,
various insane restrictions around reporting on classified information
are classified information that's been leaked to you.
That's...
Isn't that always been illegal?
No.
It's not illegal to report on classified information
if it's leaked.
I don't even think it's illegal to
seek out classified information necessarily.
I'm not sure actually.
I think it's illegal to like,
leak classified information to a foreign government.
But as far as I know,
it's fully legal to report on classified information
if it's leaked to you.
And if you ask someone about classified information
and they tell you,
I don't think that's illegal too.
This has to do with non-classified as well.
They might get into the actual specifics here of
the new rules.
We're looking for the new rules as we speak.
But I do know that they're bad.
They do seem to be bad.
Shortly after 4 p.m.
about 40 to 50 journalists did a walk of shame.
But the government's shame in this case.
It's sad, but I'm also really proud of the press corps
for sticking together,
and I've read Nancy Yousef, a reporter for The Atlantic,
who has had the desk at the Pentagon since 2007.
What are the new rules?
It's unclear what impact, practical impact
the new rules will have.
Tell us what the new rules are!
Alright, maybe I have to search this separately.
The AP just isn't telling me.
Pentagon, new rules.
The Pentagon's new rules!
Look at this.
We've gone to PBS.
Please, PBS, tell us about the new rules.
Today marks the deadline for the journalists to decide
whether to comply with the defense department's new rules.
They're all saying new rules,
but no one will tell us the new rules.
The Pentagon's chief spokesperson has described
the new policy as...
Well, we already read that.
New rules.
There's so many.
What are the new rules?
The new rules violate the First Amendment.
I'm with you.
But I just need someone to list the new rules for me.
Okay, here we go.
They're finally getting into these new rules here.
Let me pull this other story up.
In the All Important Direct-to-Screen News Box.
Okay, one new rule case, as mentioned...
Oh my God, what's the new rule?
As mentioned...
in this article before we read it.
It says that it's improper to solicit information
if it has not been approved for release.
Oh, so the main rule is just to report what we tell you.
You can report.
That is probably the biggest new rule.
But what the Pentagon calls illegal solicitation
would call...
We would call news gathering.
And more important than the label,
soliciting information is an activity protected
by the First Amendment.
Beyond that, no more new rules.
The Pentagon is requiring reporters for the first time
to affirm in writing that they understand
the national security.
That national security is harmed
by disclosing information the Pentagon has not approved
for release, even if that information is unclassified.
What can we talk about?
What they say we can talk about?
Apparently.
Rule number two, all reports on unapproved information
must be replaced with stories about
Skeet's latest sick keg stand.
I do care about how Skeet's doing.
I mean, he's got a condition.
He can't be upside down for more than 10 seconds,
or he might.
Reactivate his CTE.
I don't think you can deactivate your CTE.
I believe in Skeet.
Skeet says he can.
Let's not get too into Skeet.
This is about the new rules.
Well, Skeet does make a lot of rules.
At least he did when we were in that frat together.
Even information that's classified can often be disclosed
without harm, and the public interest
sometimes compels its disclosure.
That's from PBS.
And I agree, because I am also a journalist.
I do agree.
I don't sound kind of silly, but I do agree.
How am I making it sound silly?
I'm taking this seriously.
No one can interfere with my right
to say things at you.
You'll still be able to do that under these rules.
You'll just only be able to say what the Pentagon says you can say.
In regard to at least reporting directly on the Pentagon,
or I guess national security broadly,
can I still report on entertainment news?
For E-News Online?
I'm not sure if that's the biggest growth sector.
E-News Online, but give it a shot, Jeff.
Sure.
Senator Dev says,
just how far down the slippery slope of fascism
do we have to slide before the average person
in fascism detection warning system gets triggered?
Farther would seem to be the current answer.
Although it's hard to say.
Um...
You know, there could definitely be bigger protests at the moment
than there are nationwide in regard to a number of issues.
I suspect your more normative American position would be,
well, let's wait and see what happens in the elections.
Um, like the midterms.
Maybe that'll be some signal of defiance
of this particular administration.
I have less faith that that will be, um...
as big of a moment as some people are probably hoping it will be.
But yes, I mean, to your point, Senator Dev, I think, um...
I think your average person is probably not quite worried enough
about the state of things.
I have some sympathy for it,
and then I don't think your average person can do much on their own,
and the sense of an organized front is very lacking right now.
Well, hopefully that will change.
Well, look at these. These guys have boxes that require organization.
I do think it's a somewhat heartening sign that, um...
Like, for instance, even Fox News didn't agree to these restrictions from the Pentagon.
I've also heard, at least, um...
VentureTK says,
if the R's keep up this trajectory, they'll undershoot on how hard they rig the elections and still lose.
Yeah, I mean, I know there's been a lot of weird behind-the-scenes moves,
where, like, various conservative...
sympathy, sympathetic, and or Trump campaign donors have companies that are, like, purchasing election systems.
As we speak, are the companies that make election voting systems.
That's worrisome. It's not the first time that's happened.
I do think our elections are probably still relatively difficult to rig without tripping some alarms,
but the question is, even if the alarms are tripped, would it matter?
That's more my concern.
Even if the Democrats were to say clearly win or the election tampering was incredibly obvious.
Um, I don't know. I'm not sure.
But that's... Hey, that's a couple months from now's problem.
So we'll just worry about that if we have to.
Who knows if we'll have to worry? Yeah, exactly.
Once SCOTUS gets rid of voting rights, it will be easy.
Yeah, I mean, there's always, of course, the general Republican push to make voting harder or impossible.
I don't know. We'll see.
We'll see. I think I... To everyone's point, I do think anything you can do right now to show your...
Anything peaceful you can do to show your displeasure at the current system is a positive step.
And I do also think it's a positive sign that even, as I was saying, outfits like Fox News are rejecting these rules.
It seems like in general the press corps is just, you know, presenting a fairly unified front.
I think there's one... I think currently the Pentagon press corps has one member who's agreed to these rules.
Um... I'm not sure which. It might be in this story.
Uh, who dares? What Benedict Arnold? Newsmax? I don't know if it's even... I'm not even sure if it's Newsmax.
Did anyone agree to new Pentagon press rules?
One American news. Thank you, Banzai Bullfrog.
I just couldn't remember the incredibly... Oh, OAN?
I couldn't remember OAN's incredibly generic name.
Generic?
It's the only one! That one American news that we got left.
It's gonna be the only news left and there will be a complete propaganda outlet for the administration, but hey...
Well, we do have to support our journalists, especially if there's only one outlet.
Well, I think we're still at least at the point where we can support the journalists who are saying no to this.
It is also an incredibly incompetent overreach in my opinion from Pete Hegzeff.
The rumor is that this is Pete Hegzeff just trying to limit leaks in his own...
From within the Pentagon about how dissatisfied people within the Pentagon even are with his incredible outright incompetence,
which is extremely obvious from listening to him for two seconds or being even partially aware of both his history and the actions he's taken since becoming Secretary of Defense.
If he's actually just doing this to try to shore up, like, control of information leaks from within the Pentagon,
I don't think it's gonna fucking work. I think people will just leak to reporters and you won't have like a Pentagon dedicated press corps anymore.
I guess they could start a resting journalist. That would be...
I mean, it's not legal to. It would be a violation of, as this story is pointing out, the First Amendment.
But I guess when we definitely need to start worrying, okay, I'm preparing to worry, is if they try to enforce this as some kind of law against journalists reporting this.
I just... I think we're still at a point where that wouldn't work, but I'm prepared to be surprised.
He says, ready to his surprise, Lube. Yes.
Pete Kegbreath hasn't held a press conference in five months, says Bonzai Bullfrog.
Really? It's been that long? Wait, what about the one with all of our beautiful generals? All of our fit, now fit, washboard ab generals?
That was a private press conference for just the military. We can't count that one. That was not literally for the press.
That was like a grand attempt at a statement from our fit and fabulous Secretary of Defense, Pete Kegbreath.
The only people leaking are him and his cronies on that signal app.
Yes, well, that's what he's saying. It's illegal actually to report on the signal app that he accidentally, like, signs up the entire New York Times investigative staff up to.
He accidentally tags, like, at MSNBC News in all of his high profile and incredibly classified military decisions.
I suspect his biggest military decision is, um, you know, does anybody have a spicy burrito? I need a hangover cure.
That's a myth. Spicy burritos don't cure your hangover. They do make it worse.
Tell that to all of my college friends who ate a spicy burrito every morning and then just went straight to class.
Who the fuck were you going to college with? Just a bunch of spicy burrito fish and addams.
Last press conference was the Iran strikes. It's funny also, like, because Pete Higgs has his Secretary of Defense, I feel like he's the last person I want to hear from to, like, give me any information on what's going on with the state of the military.
Like, as soon as he's talking, you're just like, oh my God, never mind.
Him and, um, the FBI director, Kash Patel, are a level of incompetent even above the rest of, like, the Trump ghouls in my opinion.
Truly as soon as they start speaking, you're just like, well, everything you're saying is a complete lie.
Even if they're telling the truth, I think those two in particular, if they somehow managed to find their way to the truth, you'd be like, well, I guess actually that's false.
For instance, if they said, um, like a spicy burrito can cure a hangover, I just wouldn't believe it anymore.
Well, they'd be right! Yeah, but I believe in the spicy burrito at that point. Like, I currently do.
Linda McMahon's an idiot too. She is a total fucking dummy also, but I think she just, I think both, like, Kash Patel and Pete Higgs have that unique energy of like,
a nervous kid giving a presentation at school who just didn't do any research at all.
I, like, Linda McMahon has a little of that too, but they have it so bad. Like, everything they say has that energy of like, um,
Abraham Lincoln was born in 1862, so to say, I think. And then he, at the age of one, he did the Civil War.
RFK sounds like the Horseman of Pestilence. RFK is a different type of completely unreliable narrator.
He just sounds like a Dick Tracy villain, basically, as stumbled in our reality and been elected mayor of Elf.
They're all awful in their own way, but I do think Kash Patel and Pete Higgs are kind of tag-teaming the oops, uh, oops, the dog ate my homework
vibes for the administration.
Honestly, it's truly a rogue's gallery of total fucking idiots and sycophants speaking of,
and maybe a reason why we might want some accurate reporting out of the Pentagon on military action that the United States is unilaterally taking
without any approval from Congress or the Senate. Uh, Trump had some things to say about Venezuela today that we could definitely use some leaks on.
Uh, let's just check out some clips of our beautiful round president informing us about the important military decisions that he's making currently.
The next step in this war on cartels and are you considering options or are you considering strikes on land?
Well, I don't want to tell you exactly, but we are certainly looking at land now because we've got the sea very well under control.
Uh, we've had a couple days when there isn't a boat to be found.
And I view that as a good thing, not a bad thing, but we had tremendous amounts coming in by boats, by very expensive boats.
You know, they have a lot of money, very fast, very expensive boats that were pretty big.
And the way you look at it is every boat that we knock out, we saved 25,000 American lives.
So every time you see a boat and you feel badly, say, wow, that's rough. It is rough.
But if you lose three people and save 25,000 people, these are people that are killing our population.
Every boat.
The next step in this war.
Just did some quick math there.
All we have to do is sink 25,000.
We just got to sink like a couple thousand boats and then we can save all the American lives.
Look, somebody needs to tell that we just, we unfortunately this year are going to have to sacrifice all of Venice Beach.
Damn, it's a rough sacrifice, but I guess we'll have to make it.
We're going to have to sink all the yachts.
He just said it.
Every boat you sink, you save 25,000 American lives.
I'm sorry to all the billionaires, but we're going to have to have you give up your yachts.
There's some of the biggest boats out there.
That means every cruise ship that we sink, imagine the amount of American lives we're saying.
That's true because the going rate is for every three lives that we vaporize with our missiles.
We save 25,000 American lives.
So all you need to do is really sink like one carnival cruise and we're there.
That's him for anyone who has not been religiously following every bombing that America does.
He's referring to all of the Venezuelan boats he's been blowing out of the water, or at least his administration has,
that they claim are filled with fentanyl.
As probably most reporters who can still report would point out,
the amount of details they've offered on what proof they have that these boats that they keep sinking are drug boats is extremely limited.
They just keep saying take our word for it.
And now he's saying take our word for it and also we're going to probably do a land invasion.
And apparently they also are clearing like the CIA to perform various operations in Venezuela.
Cruise ship case killed thousands.
I got to make the sacrifice, you know?
Oh, they're on the boat.
I'm just trying to save 25,000 American lives for every three lives we take.
Trust me, bro, is a strong motto.
Okay, let's hear him talk even more.
It's our number one pastime to start the stream with lately is,
let's just hear all the things our president is saying.
Why did you authorize the CIA to go into Venezuela?
And is there more information you can share about these strikes on the alleged drug boats in the Caribbean?
Well, I can't do that, but I authorized for two reasons really.
Number one, they have emptied their prisons into the United States of America.
They came in through the, well, they came in through the border.
Because we had an open border policy.
And as soon as they heard that, wait a minute case, but the border isn't boats.
Well, there's also the water border, which we now have total control over.
Despite them having the fastest speed boats available to empty their prisons into our country
and to via those all those high powered speed boats they have.
Don't worry.
We've got a strong missile network to keep all the prisoners out of the United States.
Okay, because I was worried for a second country.
They're not the only country, but they're the worst abuser.
And they've entered there.
They've allowed thousands and thousands of prisoners, mental institution,
people from mental institutions, insane asylums emptied out into the United States.
We're bringing them back, but that's a really bad, and they did it at a level that probably not many,
many countries have done it, but not like Venezuela.
Yeah, wait, are we ready?
Are we are we going to invade them and force regime change because of the drugs
or because of all the prisoners?
Um, it's prisoners bringing the drugs?
I don't know if that's what he's going with, but I assume he'd say something like that.
Cool.
But after this, no more prisoners and no more.
Maybe what he's trying to say in his own roundabout way is abolish prisons.
I don't think that's what he's saying.
Ah, shoot.
If the prisoners are here in the problem, why worry about the boats?
Well, the boats is a life-saving measure.
Again, it's a going rate of three murders to save 25,000 lives.
Oh yeah, I forgot about the transit of property of boat murder.
I'm beginning to think that hearing the tangerine tyrant talk is literally causing brain damage.
There's just so many ways to call him orange.
That's a, that's a, I haven't heard that one before.
I think that's nice.
Do we all have, do we have all that lake mark, mark?
I don't know how to say that.
Mark, hi Bo oil, Mara site.
You don't know how to read.
Do you know how to say it?
Mara.
Oh, no, I suspect his ear answers camera.
The transit of property of boat death.
Yes, it's been unleashed.
Well, hey, maybe the Nobel prize winning Maria Corina, Makato can prevent war.
Don't think that's her goal, but we can hear from her as well.
She recently talked to unfortunately another member of the Trump family.
Let's see what she, hear what she has to say.
Forget about Saudi Arabia.
Forget about the Saudis.
I mean, we have more oil.
I mean, infinite potential and we're going to open markets.
We're going to kick off the government from the old sector.
We are going to privatize all our industry.
Venezuela has new resources.
Does he always look like he's fresh off a coke binge?
Is that just how he looks all the time?
Well, I could think of one reason why he always looks like he's fresh off a coke binge.
Oil, gas, minerals, land, technology.
And as you said before, we have a strategic location, you know, ours from the United States.
So we're going to do this right.
We know what we have to do.
And American companies are in, you know, super strategic position to invest.
This country, Venezuela is going to be the brightest opportunity for investment of American companies,
of good people that are going to make a lot of money.
Well, she's just looking to make a little money.
She's not interested in war.
Mm hmm.
She's all about peace as we just learned from that prize.
So no need to worry about her.
Yeah, she's just unrelated to all this talk of invasion and regime change talking about opening up all of her country's industries to American investment.
Something that it's already, I mean, it's not totally open, but you know, just the idea of selling off all of your country's assets to the United States.
Sort of convenient timing on that.
I just invested in the Venezuelan boat industry skimer.
Oh no.
Look, as Trump also pointed out in this press conference, I don't have a clip of him saying it,
but I saw it earlier on my timeline.
Venezuela has the fastest boats.
God, what are they? Trump fast speed boats.
Let's see if we can at least talk about the fast speed boats before we eject from this.
Par for the course, fairly impressive of depressing news.
Okay, here's a longer clip where I'm guessing he talks about how fast these boats are.
Mr. President, on Venezuelan boats, I want to ask you why not have the Coast Guard stop them, which it is empowered by law to do?
You know, this way you can confirm who's on the boat and ensure that they're doing what they suspect.
Because we've been doing that for 30 years and it has been totally ineffective.
They have faster boats.
Some of these boats are seriously, I mean, they're world-class speed boats, but they're not faster than missiles.
But we've been trying to do that for years and so much of the drugs, 25, 30 percent would come in through the seas.
Right now we have, I would say, none coming in through the seas.
In fact, I don't know about the fishing industry, if you want to go fishing, a lot of people aren't deciding to even go fishing.
We've almost totally stopped it by sea.
Now we'll stop it by land.
What's the next...
Shoot.
The collateral damage of saving all those lives by blowing up those boats has destroyed the fishing industry.
You heard it here first, folks. Fishing is totally dumb.
That's a great way to look at it, Skymer. Fish love Trump.
Maybe the American lives he's saving are the American fish.
America first. He just meant to say American fish first.
We've been eating them for too long and it's really fucked up if you think about it because...
They're living fish. That's true. They're fish that are alive.
He doesn't understand what will happen if he attacks Venezuela.
Yeah, I think you're right. They're alive and sleazy.
I think other people in the government also don't really understand, but think they do.
For instance, Lidlis, Sweetus, Marco Rubio.
I think suspects it'll go really smoothly in and work out for us.
I think everyone in the administration is still slightly overestimating the competence and continued domination of our American Empire.
I think it would be a huge fucking problem if they...
Even for, you know, these Warhawk conservatives, if they go in there.
But we'll see. I mean, we could...
I'm sure we could effectuate an incredibly costly and disastrous regime change if we really want to,
but I don't think it will benefit America in the long run at all.
Although I bet a couple people in the United States will make a shitload of money off Venezuela and oil if it happens.
We also bailed out Argentina today to the benefit of a bunch of American billionaires who have heavy investments in Argentina.
So... So they'll be happy at least. At least somebody will be happy about it.
Bonsai will fix this. All our fat out of shape teroupes who are busy in the streets of America will do great.
Are they invested in Venezuela and oil?
Maybe we'll make it part of the military retirement package.
Come on, case we would never actually give anyone in our military like a reasonable retirement package or healthcare.
Well, we do sorta do that, but yes, we don't do a reasonable job at it. You're right. We would never do that.
Wasn't the news just worried about Venezuela invading Guiana?
I am less familiar with that situation. It's possible. I don't know.
As I usually say, I am not super aware of Venezuela and politics on the whole,
but I think the lines of interest when it comes to American interest in Venezuela is fairly clear.
And it seems like they want to open it up to American investment.
And this is one way to do it for sure.
And whatever collateral they have to use, be it just murdering Venezuelans that you're scapegoating
or awarding peace prizes to random Venezuelan oppositional conservatives,
they're willing to do it all and we'll see what happens.
It's a big enough overreach that I'm not sure they'll be able to pull it off,
but they definitely seem to be angling for it.
Well, hey, at least, oh shoot, nope, we don't have the press to report on it.
Well, we do still have the press. They just don't have direct access to the Pentagon courtesy of their new rules.
He knows more about whole news rather than knowing about the whole situation.
Lady Cytrix? That's extremely accurate, unfortunately.
OAN, let's go. OAN, OWN owning the facts.
They're going to own all the facts. They're doing an aggressive operation to take over all the facts currently at the Pentagon
by being the only ones brave enough to roll over and accept whatever the government says.
Okay, well, that's some news. That's a little bit of news for everybody we'd like to start it off with, just, you know,
whatever troubling thing we click on, most of the things to click on are troubling, so it adds up.
And that's all we can do for now is say words at you, and we've done our duty.
I'm standing up for the press by sitting down and talking directly at you.
You do it every day. Well, I do it like every other day maybe.
Oh, yeah. But every other day, I'm here to say stuff.
But unfortunately, now I've rippled all I can ripple, and the ripples are no longer rippling,
just kidding, they actually never stop. They just get really tiny.
Okay, I'm Jeff Ripple. There we go.
What the? Nobody's there yet? Ah, nobody's there yet? Yes, there it is. I am Trip Radstein.
I've been not on vacation. I've actually steady stayed on the streets.
And actually, apparently, case fixed a few bells and whistles here on the streets.
Part of the reason he was slow to send it to me today. Always on a delay.
But you can send me your opinions by typing exclamation point trip to send me your hot thoughts,
which I will then sift through and locate here on the streets in the form of an insane person that yells at me.
You get it? You've done it before? I've missed you all terribly, of course,
and I can't wait to hear what probably sexually charged things you have to say to me.
So let's not waste any time. Let's just get into it.
Uh, okay. Case did not touch my bush, and he's not allowed to. That's my bush.
And not the early 2000s short-lived show.
Yes, you there, you've got an opinion from me? I am, as you might have noticed, Trippy Bee.
Hello. Hi.
I'm totally not Trump. Sure, I don't think he'd be down here.
Who do I talk to at Bin for the Beyblade?
Let me get this right. How'd I say this? Blah Blah?
Um, but first of all, you don't sound like Trump.
And second of all, Beyblade. Blah Blah.
Who do I talk to at Bin for the Beyblade match? That munch one.
I had money on Trump and I know that was rigged. Big time.
You're also not doing the hands right? I'm not him. So why would I do the hands right?
Okay, I really believe that you're not him
Everybody always tells me I sound exactly like him. They're like it's not even close. It's exact
And you look great because he's incredibly handsome and you're just as good
Okay, it may be better. Maybe I look better than Trump
And if I were him that would mean I look even better than
The best
Okay, but I believe that I really believe you're not him. You don't need to keep convincing me. I'm not even trying to
Everybody says it you're hitting him much better and he's already perfect
Got it to answer your question
I think it's happening once we hit
10 more subs. That's when we do the Beyblade
Four-way betathon. I don't really know how it's gonna work
I only stay vaguely aware of everything that happens here because I'm an insane man who lives in a bush me too
Oh, well, I could have guessed that living a bush too
Okay. Yeah, again, I don't think you're trump. I'm not
Just a guy who lives in a bush normal guy. Well, that's not normal
People say it's one of the most normal things to do
Find a good bush get in it never leave
All right. Well, I'll be doing I mean I leave occasionally to do this but other than that
I'm a bush maniac
Leave a little bit of a
Love something on your lip. What do you mean? You just got a slight
You just have a look that
If you have access to a razor it might be a good idea because again, you do look kind of like somebody and
What did I do?
You know what it works for you actually never mind. All right. I mean I figured it did
I'm busy. I gotta go because I'm sure I'm not trump
Okay, off to the usual powerful start
Let's see who else is out here
Uh, yes, you there. What do you've got for me? I am trippy b
Bye. This is my drip
What that fed steak wet neck pussy though. Uh-huh. Whoa
Oh god, you do have a neck pussy. I got an extra hole down on my neck
Had to put it last week
His neck crushes our head. We had a mouth put in
A vagina and a mouth are made out of the same thing
Teeth and tongue. No, they're not
What no you're getting confused about lips that's they always say it's the same
Stuff on the lips is
I don't even know if that's right. This is the thing I heard in middle school
No, it's true. Look. I'm sorry to make this out of actuated stream
My god, it perfectly mirrors your mouth. Well, they're linked
You know, I don't understand how to have an extra mouth
So it's gotta move at the same rate as my mouth. Who put this in for you? The same guy who gave me six nostrils
Why'd you do that so I could smell bullshit from a mile away?
Anyway, want to have sex no
No, man
Ah god, I've
Whatever you have the right to do what you want with your own body, but whoa
Okay, you're getting a call
That's true. All right. Look you got to go. I'm getting a call from case's girlfriend
Hello, you're on the stream
Okay, well look we're gonna do a shorter stream today, so I'm gonna pick up the pace and try to get all of these segments done
Isn't that crazy?
And then I'll feed you
Yep, that's how you do it folks
You've just got to feed the beautiful women in your life and then they like you
Do you have any news you will actually do it once you're here once you're here?
You can give us any candle updates. Maybe I'll just think of some and maybe I'll hop in. Okay sounds good
All right, I'm a different guy, but if case were here he'd say I love you
Okay, I will do that. All right. Bye. Bye
See how good I am at dealing with other guys girl for it. What the nobody's there?
All right, who else
Who else wants to get this opinion work?
Oh, yeah, if anybody knows any disney leads for the disney social media team kendall is putting out the fish hooks
Although hooks are out. She's trying to grab a big fish for a recommendation. So
Go to the cream dot team and mention it and tag her in a comment or something. I don't know however it works
For now, let's talk to whoever else is here. Okay. Yes, you there has been snorriest too loud
How to fix that? Uh, well
Uh, some say you could lose weight
Some say, um, you know, you might have to go all the way and get like a
Some kind of deviated septum surgery depend on depending on the severity of the snorris. It sounds like he's
Like his neck six like his neck is full of blood
I was gonna ask are you
Dead maybe yeah
Is your husband dead? No
Oh
Oh
My husband is like
A shadow
Not sure if I want to know where this is going. Not like an actual shadow
He's like a he's like the inky blackness of death
Okay
He says I'm the most beautiful corpse in the world. Hmm
That might be
Shadow from sonic no
from like, um
like mythology
And that snores yeah
I don't know how to make a creeping shadow stop snoring
But maybe tell it to lose weight. It has been consuming all the light
So
He's getting bigger
Sure, it will take all
Okay
Well, you might have a bigger problem than snoring then you're telling me he also never cooks
Do you eat?
Why would you need to cook? I can still cook brains
Okay, well, uh, best of luck with your relationship. I would just say consult a sleep expert or maybe
The concept of sleep itself
The sandman or something. I don't know what realm you're existing in yeah weird one
I figured that much. Okay. Thank you for your co-op
I'm out of here. Okay. Bye. Bye
Let's keep going
Sure. Sure. Sure. Let's continue. Yes, you there. No trip is smack mckinsey. Oh, hi smack
I have a sexually charged thing to say to you
Sure smack that sounds about right my blazing fast venezuelan speedboat has room for two
Okay, are you interested? That's actually not that charred. That's relatively sweet
Except they're blowing those out of the water right now mine's too fast
Come on, you know, it's me. You boy smack
smack come on
You're always trying to put me in a dangerous situation. You're gonna get blown up by an american missile illegally bombing a foreign asset
Come on
Live a little get on my venezuelan speedboat just to really fuck with him. I filled it with sugar like big packets of sugar
I don't actually even know how uh fentanyl looks when you're moving it around neither today
So you filled up your boat with fake drugs and you're just driving as fast as I fucking can around military bases
And the whole time doing a go from born in the usa
I don't know. I'm just blaring that out of a huge speaker. Just trying to confuse the situation and live my life
Well, no, I don't think you're living your life. It just it seems like you're trying to commit suicide
You can't say that you need to say fucking killing yourself. What? No, you don't you're supposed to say unalived I think
Oh, well, whatever. I don't know. Anyway, you want to come? I'm all right smack
I just think you need better hobbies. Come on, man. I'm fucking like to go. I like to live
You're gonna get killed doing the things you like to live with. Well, you know, we all gotta die sometimes anyway
Are you on drugs? Yeah. I'm also on drugs
That makes sense. Yeah, anyway
You used to be fun trip is fucking you you're kind of bumping me out. You used to be fun
I mean, I'm a big fan, but
You can't be beholden to other people's expectations, you know
You've got to live your own life
acting like uh
Donald Trump jr. There in the interview
meaning he was
It was fast-paced and uh, good luck keeping up
We've got some comments to get to as well
Did Jeff sign the loyalty pledge to continue the pentagon reporting as a guy who sounds almost exactly like him
I can confirm that he didn't
Anytime someone say common sense. It is always bullshit. That is some classic common sense bonsai bullfrog
Hexeth's new rule no means yet. Okay. Well
Sort of a
Rule he's lived by I guess we'll put it that way. Peace prize lady wants trump to invade great choice nobel
I don't do politics. I do opinion. Thank you very much
Did you miss atw? You did not it hasn't even been requested yet
We could um
Do it though
There's no segment alerts up right now in case the system is apparently prohibited
But if we have time we will do one
They also have to do a town hall and an interview or something and then I don't know
It's got to be like a slightly shorter stream today
Because case took his time fixing my segment although now I can do this
Check it out. It doesn't even break things. The opinions is still misspelled which is a problem
But maybe he'll fix that another year
Okay
Let's see
Who else is ready for me
You know who it is. I I am still trippy b
Still baby. Uh, yes you there. What do you got for me? Hey, come on a trip. Hey, man
Come on, man. Whoa
Sing with me, man
Come on
Say some more text game up. What are you talking about? I'm saying my opinion right now, right? Come on, man. Sing with me. Let it out, baby
Come on. Let it. What are you looking at? Just thinking about what I want to sing
Come on, man
Let it out, man
Sound like you're typing. I'm thinking man. Come on. What is this?
Come on
Man, I'm a son
Oh, man
Oh, man
Man
I'm a son
Oh, man
Man
I'm a son
Oh, man
Man
I used to eat you
Oh, come on
But now I only drink up some piss
I'm drinking all piss
I'm drinking your piss
Yeah, okay. Okay. God. Can we sing about anything else, please?
Come on, man. Let it out. Let it out, man. What happened to your voice there?
Come on. Let it out, man
I'm good. I may be able to sing with you about like life or love or something. Come on, man
I was just singing about things that happened in life
Let it out, man. I don't want to sing about piss and shit
You're not ready to live, man. I'll be back. We're gonna work out what's going on here get you in a better mood
I'm in a fine mood. That's a normal thing to not want to do
I feel like I let everyone down, but I've got to live up to my own standards. Damn it. Okay. Uh, who else wants to talk to me?
You know, I say it all the time, but I am trippy B. Who's out here?
Who's out here? Yes, you there.
Hi, Tripp. I heard you were looking for a Disney contract to put in a good Disney contact.
Um, yes. To put in a good word for Kendall?
Yes.
Well, it's your lucky day because I'm Mickey Mouse's nephew, Mickey Rourke.
Wow. That's huge. I mean, if you're a good contact.
I'll talk to my uncle and I will let him know what he says. Just so you know, though, I'm not on good terms with him.
You and Mickey are beefing? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I poisoned him. Oh my god. Well, I had a rat infestation.
He came over and I had tons of mouse poison pellets out everywhere and he just started gobbling them up like, you know, they were spilled skittles.
You shouldn't eat spilled skittles either. Well, I mean, I would. And that's how he was going to town on them.
He ate up all the poison and he just made them swell up and scream and apparently like fucks with all your blood works and it was a mess.
We had to rush him to like an animation studio to get all his blood patched up.
What? Yeah.
They had to draw like a healthy version of him and he had to become that.
What? Yeah.
That's how you fix a cartoon. You have to draw a healthy version and then they transfer their soul into it.
It was a big thing. It was a huge mess. So he does hate my guts. He wants me to die.
Oh, okay. But I'll put in the good word. Maybe you don't.
Yeah, is Mickey okay? Well, he's a whole different guy. When they do that process, it's terribly painful if they're rend their soul in half.
They're never the same. Okay. He's in more pain than ever before, but he's alive.
You basically ruined Mickey's life? Yeah.
Yep, and he'll never recover fully. Okay, so he fucking hates me. As soon as he sees me, he pulls out a gun and he fires.
What?
He's drawn bullets like in Roger Rabbit and they chase me around.
I was running one from all the way here.
Nearly died. Okay.
I'll put in the good word. Maybe don't. Maybe don't, Mickey Rourke.
Also, Mickey Rourke wants me dead. Why? And it's a drug thing.
Okay, well, look, thanks for the thought, but it sounds like you've got bigger problems. Just focus on yourself.
I always do, baby. You gotta put yourself first, Tripp.
That's advice for sure. It sure is. Okay, anyway, I gotta run from another bullet. Bye-bye!
Jesus. There's only one more. Let's just wrap it up today. Just take it nice and easy.
Everybody relax. Yes, you there. Yes?
That's me, the Spooopie Movie.
Okay, there's a long intro. What's your favorite Spoopie Movie?
What's the dumb Spoopiest Movie you get down to, Tripp?
You're saying Spoopie Movie? Your voice is really low. It's because I'm the Spoon of Halloween.
Spoopie? Spoop Bob Squarepants? What's that called? Spooch Bob?
Spoopie.
Um, Spoof 2 Cruise Control? That's not a movie. It's some talking Spoopie stuff.
Can you turn down your Spoopie music?
Uh, you don't have a tongue. You can't make that kind of noise.
Okay, look, my favorite... Do you mean Spooky?
No!
Uh, for me, it's probably Rear Window.
Oh, come on. No, it's not. It doesn't count.
What? No, it's a horror film. It's just more psychological and a little more elevated.
That doesn't fucking count, you know it.
We're trying to pretend you have good taste in movies.
Ignit what you like.
Fine, it's troll 2.
I fucking knew it. I knew it!
It's just fun. They're in Millbog, which is Goblin' backwards, and they all turn into Green Goo.
And the acting is really bad.
We're trying to pretend that you have an elevated taste in film.
Um, I just saw the movie, um, One Far Deffin- One Fucker After- One Fuck After Another.
What was it called?
You already forgot?
Yeah, it was pretty good though.
Actuals movie that scares you.
I do find those scenes in Terrifier where he tears up young women really violently to be gross. Does that count?
Yeah, that counts.
Like, I kind of don't enjoy them. It's like, actually violent on a level where I'm like, this is sort of gross.
So I guess I'm not, but it does sort of make me go like, ooh.
God, he's trying to invade my voice.
I like the Nosferatu remake. I saw that semi-recently.
Look, I live in a bush. I don't get to see that many movies.
I had to watch One Battle After Another from a whole light drilled in the side of a theater.
Like a little peep show.
It doesn't make it erotic. It just makes it really hard to tell what the fuck Leonardo DiCaprio's saying.
Gross score isn't scary. It's just weird.
Yeah, I honestly find some of the murders in Terrifier to be just like too much.
I'm just like, why?
Why do we want to watch a teenage girl get like, shredded apart?
Opinions were stopped for now. They've been blocked by our actually functional new system.
But I'll turn them on for next time as I leave.
But don't worry. We'll be back. You can request me on any stream.
Assuming all the requests aren't full.
Until we see you next time though, don't worry. I'm still on these streets.
I do in fact never leave them no matter how big the break between seeing me is.
And I will be seeing you down the street.
But actually right here on... I don't leave this particular street pretty much.
We're never going to update this background apparently.
It's apparently never going to happen. I just gotta live with it.
Okay, we'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
You know what the fuck?
Not that I need someone to trigger my applause.
Everyone's going crazy live in the studio.
But get it together, Pepito. Jesus.
Prom is here as well. That's right.
Feeling still very fresh and dope.
Create the ghost. Shup.
Don't shup me. Shup.
Shup!
That's my new way of saying shut up. Shup!
I will not be silent just because you tell me to be shup!
You're stopping before I even say it.
No, I'll talk straight through you to shup!
It's just so annoying the way you do that.
That it's silent. It surprises.
I've never been surprised.
I have to pause just to consider how disgusting you are.
That's the only reason I ever stop talking when you shup!
Looks like I got... shut up!
See, I'm just being polite. I'm willing to be polite.
Because that's how much I'll give a fuck.
I mean polite to my enemies.
That's the kind of wavelength I'm on.
Purely not giving the fuck.
Oh my God, can you drop this attitude?
My attitude is gratitude, baby.
The most dangerous attitude of all.
Today we're doing does Crumb's wife still love him?
What? Yes!
Yes!
Now who's gonna... I refuse to say your word.
Shut the fuck up though. Come on, really?
I don't wanna like... I actually kinda consider wives
off limits because I used to have hundreds of them.
And I wanna honor their memory.
For me, that's actually not me being a polyamorous.
It's just me living for 16,000 years.
Okay, all of that July, so...
Not sure why you're talking.
Anyway, usually I consider it off limits, but on behalf of your wife
I think you should be aware that the magic is dead
and she's... I think she's moved on.
Oh, love never moves on.
The great love stay with you no matter what happens.
And I'll have you know our marriage is going very well for the record.
I've been sleeping on the couch lately.
And we've carved out a schedule for each other where
we see each other first thing in the morning
and right before I go to bed and where I just go through peaks and valleys
and right now we're in a very comfortable valley.
Well look, I don't even need to explain myself to you.
My wife loves me very much and I'm glad that she's found a roommate
she gets along with that I...
It's my roommate too and we also get...
Do you hear yourself? Yep.
Yeah, actually I don't care.
I don't care what you think.
My situation works for me.
So you'll at least admit it's a situation then as long as you're like aware.
Yeah, the situation is my wife and I are still married,
still committed to each other in a monogamous relationship.
Whoa. How do you think that?
Because it's what's going on. It's what's happening.
I'm just sleeping on the couch for a bit.
Well, her roommate exes a bed warmer.
It's no... It would be fine if I was into cuck stuff
because actually I don't give no fucks.
I would admit it but that's not what's happening.
Look, if we have a bond that can make this debate,
I'm just going to go ahead and say she doesn't
because look, somebody's got to pick this out of the debate.
I try to leave family out of this but also holy shit.
If I was your friend, I would say probably just talk to your wife.
I bet she'll admit it because she's rubbing it in your fucking face.
Rubbering what?
Her genitals a couple months ago before I had that memory lapse?
Because yeah, I don't give no fucks.
I'll admit that my wife and I are into face sitting.
Oh, what? No, that's not what this is about.
Well, if you want to get into all of my intimate details,
yeah, my wife and I, if we're not in love,
tell that to our faces that we do sitting on.
What? No, that's not what love...
Well, I'd say after 45 years of marriage...
45... Wait, how's that even...
Well, 35 to 45 years of marriage,
if you're still doing face sitting with your partner,
I think that's a pretty good sign that the magic is still there.
And sure, it was a couple months ago when we lasted it
and I do miss the warmth of her rear on my face.
Stop describing, please, crump!
This is not necessary for you to prove your point while I'm just saying...
Tell it to my stinky face that my wife doesn't love me.
I miss the smell, but I just...
Well, the closest I get is I've put my face on a seat she's been on.
Just to remember, this is disrespectful to your wife.
And to you.
What's disrespectful about it?
Just being honest after all these years of marriage?
I can't be honest about what we'd like?
Yeah, the old stink chin, the old lazy Susan nose.
No one calls face sitting the lazy Susan nose.
Well, they do if you're rotating the sit
while my nose is sort of the fulcrum for the rotation.
That's the thing that we do.
Look, I'll tell it like it is.
Like I said, I don't give no fucks no more.
I ain't got no secrets in here.
All I got is burning desire.
I got a fire for life!
I don't want to acknowledge hell-crumb,
because then I'm going to have to do a thing with it!
Well, you can acknowledge that crumbs one hell of a debater
who actually just won.
That's so unbelievable!
To all the face sitting fans out there,
she won the forms and...
And yeah, you know, sometimes you get sick of sitting in a certain chair
and you swap to the couch for a while.
But you always return to your favorite old chair to have a nice meal on.
And I'm ready to be eating good in the neighborhood soon, honey, so...
I love you.
Yeah, Lazy Susan would be...
No, Lazy Susan would not suit to being crumbs mistress.
You need to never tell us about this stuff.
Ever again, Crumb, I'm saying this on behalf of everyone.
Stop being honest.
Again, help me.
I'm on a new beam. I'm on a new wavelength.
Pull no punches.
Let the fire out!
Let the fire out!
Burn!
You're a crime blazable.
What is so far from merit?
What does that have to do with being radically honest?
I don't know, but I have an unceasing desire to just...
Feel the fire!
Shut a bunch of stuff and I don't...
You should have believed me harder than everyone!
You quit handing this man honor and victory!
I mean, it doesn't matter.
I'm so far ahead that basically you've essentially never won ever, but...
But also please, I am serious.
Stop telling me about this stuff.
What's your cake, munch? How come your show tight-lipped?
You got some baggage in there? You're not letting out?
Let it out. It feels good.
Better all of a little face-it.
What's your thing?
My thing is traditional, really competent sex
between two sports car-like individuals, okay?
Finally tuned athletes, dedicated to the craft of immaculate penetration.
Okay, I've been open about that the whole time.
My type of sex is that I'm into the good type.
And you're into the... And you're into not...
I don't even know what you're into!
Are you a neck-cushie guy? Are you into that noosey?
Noosey's not a thing.
Quit trying to make noosey happen, Crumb.
Noosey's already happening.
The noosey's out, baby.
I'm not kink-shaming nobody.
That's actually a policy around here.
You might have heard.
If you actually read the employee manual...
And I love reading manuals.
Another kind of crazy thing about me where I don't give no fucks
is that as soon as I work at a place, I read all the literature provided.
That is giving a fuck!
Uh-uh, because nobody else does it.
I'm the only guy that doesn't care enough
to not read all of the safety and employee manuals
for every place I've ever worked
and occasionally even places I haven't.
Anyway...
Think if I text a picture of this chair to my wife
and say, my face tonight? She'll get it?
What?
No, come on!
At least do the zoom out.
I am leaving. I'm leaving.
Oh, come on! You're actually gonna walk away?
Really? Really?
Well, the camera guy's walking away.
Well, we don't... All the things we say are...
Really? We say all sorts of stuff.
I'm not supposed to just talk about my love life for two seconds?
Uh, okay.
Maybe I'll just go shit under a car and start it.
I'm gonna burn the ball.
I think getting crumb back was a... Maybe.
Maybe I should have just told Munch not to do that.
Maybe it was a mistake.
Apparently I'm supposed to talk to somebody, too.
Lupito, who's... Who's around?
Uh, you need to talk to a fish.
To talk about Trump and Kase's tie.
Also, apparently Trump's tie.
A fish to talk about Trump's tie?
And this is my thing. Is Trump borrowing my tie?
Oh, there's a guy that looks like Trump wearing your tie.
Like he lives in a bush.
Oh, you were watching the stream?
I mean, I... As much as a dog can watch anything.
Okay, so remember when you said we'd go amongst the slop today?
Oh, we could do a little slop after I talk to this fish.
Hey, Kase, any chance of a new correspondent from Huey Keuler named Fred Worst with the theme song I Did It All For the Noosey?
Hmm, you know, I've never taken correspondent requests before, but that's a pretty strong one.
Fred? Fred Worst.
That's pretty good.
That is pretty good.
Can I find someone with a red Yankees cap?
That's available? That loves Noosey that much?
You can find that for sure.
Well, for now, I need to talk to a fish. We'll deal with Fred Worst.
Maybe on Friday, depending on how much time I have.
Let's see if a Papito or any fish available.
There's probably a fish somewhere.
Hmm, okay.
Papito is currently researching fish.
Um, hopefully we find something.
Okay, Papito is informing me that we have in fact found something.
Joining us at this time.
It's a fish, apparently.
Wow, that was really quick, Papito.
Okay, it's a fish.
Papito, no, not you. I need to talk to the fish.
I am a fish.
Well, I thought maybe we'd get an actual fish.
I'm as much a fish as any fish.
It's in my name, man. I'm a jellyfish.
Okay, I guess that's true.
Um, I'm supposed to ask you what you think of this tie.
Is that a reel? Is that a reel?
Oh my God, man, what did you do?
No, no, no, it's not. It's like cardboard, basically.
I actually don't know what this is made of, but it's not a reel.
See, it's not a real fish.
Does that be fucked up, man?
Because I am a fish.
You're a jellyfish.
Oh my God.
Dude.
What am I saying that's wrong?
You're a jellyfish.
You're like a little, you're like a goo guy.
A fish is like this.
A fish is like this.
It's fine that you're a jellyfish, but...
You're not like, you're not as real as this fish tie.
I'm more real than your fish. I'm a fish.
But you're mostly jelly.
You're jelly of me for being more fish than your tie could ever be.
I think you're jelly of actual fish, because you're like a little goo guy with tentacles.
We were...
I cover a long line of stuff in the ocean.
We've been stuff in the ocean longer than fish.
I don't know if that's true.
Dude.
We've been weird little things in the ocean for so long, and nobody respects us.
People do respect you.
There's whole museum exhibits dedicated to you or a type of thing exactly.
I just don't think you count as a fish because you're like a jelly thing.
Yes.
Why would they call me a jellyfish?
Do you have gills?
Maybe.
You don't even know.
There's weird stuff in here.
I mean, I do stuff with water.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I'm in it.
You see, you don't even know.
What a fish is.
I'm a fish.
Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you.
You don't know what a fish is.
I guess that's true.
But you're coming to me so hard.
And you're supposed to be my friend.
You're wearing me.
This looks so little like you.
But it's close enough.
You're essentially wearing a representation of me around your neck, and yet you don't respect me.
You know how fucked up that is?
Okay, I guess I see where you're coming from.
I just think of fishes like, you know, they got gills and fins and they eat little pellets.
No, they don't.
Come on, yeah, they do.
You don't have a spine.
I don't.
Okay, you don't even know what you've got.
You're translucent.
Well, to answer your question, I do like the tie.
And I think, and I think I look good in it.
So when you see this, you see you.
Yeah.
When I look at that, I see fish everywhere.
And I appreciate the representation.
And I can't wait for you to wear a human tie.
Because you wear all types of ties, right?
Well, yeah, I mean, I've worn ties that humans wear.
You know, I mean, tie shaped like a little guy, like a little human guy.
You're gonna wear that too.
I don't know.
It's not as funny.
Oh, so it's a joke.
So it's a joke to you.
I think that's actually all the time we have.
What?
Oh, you're trying to get out of this?
You think it's just because you swap haircuts?
Oh my God.
That was all the time we had for that guy.
I should ask him if peeing on him works to stop him from stinging.
I have that slightly backwards.
That might not be quite right.
I think...
I think you're being pretty rude.
I think you did a bad job, Case.
And I'm disappointed in you.
Well, you're all echoey, so...
All right.
I tried my best, but sometimes you let everyone down.
But you know what?
I'll bring everyone back up to speed a town hall.
So let's send it to the town and just see how this segment is hopefully functioning normally.
It's time to hear from two bid employees and or whatever was requested.
It's town hall time.
Okay, everybody.
Welcome back to the town hall.
We're locked in and ready for all of your comments.
Live from in studio by all of the incredible audience members assembled today.
Thank you all so much for being here.
It is an honor to get to post these things for some of the best and brightest members of the community.
We'll call them.
Which today, of course, includes Jake who's apparently here.
This is... you have to answer questions.
It's fine.
Oh, no.
Uh-uh.
Don't worry.
He'll be...
You won't bite, I'm assuming.
He looks like you will.
No, he's fine.
Also, apparently, it's here today, John Cena.
Hey, man.
Really big.
Really happy to be here.
And let's have some fun.
Let's be respectful and let's have some fun.
Thanks for wearing a matching hat with the jacket.
I got a lot of these.
You got a lot of colors.
Okay.
You can't see who I'm talking to.
Okay, that's pretty good.
That's pretty good, guys.
You get one.
You get one, man.
Okay.
It sounds just like John Cena.
That's crazy.
I am John Cena.
I believe you.
All right, let's...
Everybody settle down.
Everybody settle down.
Looks like we have somebody ready to ask a question.
Yes, you there, sir.
What do you have for us?
Another thing?
Die?
Yeah, neither of you are here, but my producer ate one of the guests.
Oh, man.
Like, for real?
Yeah, John Cena, I'm sorry.
Oh, jeez.
Man, it is so...
I hate to hear that.
Okay.
I guess you think it's funny, but I actually think it's pretty fucked up when people go
through stuff and then they die.
It was cheese, though.
Wow, okay.
All right, man.
All right.
Okay.
This is a little messed up.
Your reaction in this case?
It was cheese.
It was cheese.
You know, next question.
Great.
Thank you for your question.
Next question, please.
I just checked my channels and I don't see Spike TV anymore.
Where is the television for men?
I think now it's...
I think it's Disney Plus now?
Is where you get all the spicy male content?
Oh, really?
Yeah, man.
I think...
I remember that.
Man, I remember Spike TV.
That was some fun stuff.
Some of it may be like a little kind of in the past, you know?
Maybe some of the ways that portrayed women.
We've all been there, but maybe I can't get done with that anymore.
But, man, I like your outfit and great question.
Okay, yeah.
Thanks for the question.
And again, you can be as loose as you want, John Cena.
Yeah, absolutely.
A fucking great question.
Whoa, hey, you guys hear that?
He cursed. That's nuts.
They love that, John.
They fucking love that shit.
They loved it.
Man, I don't even give it.
Wow, fuck.
Okay, yeah.
Nice.
Okay, yeah.
He gets cheered a lot, so it's...
I thought they gave a deal, I guess.
Okay, yes.
Next question, please.
Yeah, you there.
Man, it's so complicated.
I know what you guys see on screen seems like, you know,
you can just snap your fingers and write the perfect story,
but there's just so many talented people in the room
making decisions and working together.
At the end of the day, I'm like just the...
I'm like the player on the team,
and I'm just so honored to get to do the play.
And I just got to do the play as well as I did the play.
And I just got to do the play as well as I can,
and I respect so much everybody involved.
And like, for me, no, he's done like a pretty bad job.
I've liked it when...
Um...
He beat Andre the Giant?
Okay.
Okay, I guess we're fucking doing that.
Yeah, it'll...
I'm not that guy.
But fuck you!
You little piece of shit.
Don't fuck with me.
You do understand what I'm...
You understand what I'm saying?
Don't fuck with me!
Okay, next question.
I guess we hit a nerve there.
If you cook Russell one person, that or alive, who will you take with you?
Ooh, that or alive.
For me?
The purple dinosaur from the Flintstones?
Were you asking me?
That's cool, man.
I would probably wrestle that thing too.
But no, that's not my answer.
My answer isn't the purple thing.
I'm just saying that's pretty good, but that's not my answer.
No, that's not my answer.
No, you know, I wasn't done.
That's not my answer.
That's not the purple thing from the...
John Cena, more like John Cena, commit a crime.
Man, I really respect what you do.
All the people you represent.
I'm like...
Let's collab, man.
I love to collab with you.
And whatever you heard about me, man, like...
I'm a hard worker.
Okay.
I don't do crimes anymore.
Whoa, you did a crime?
I don't do them anymore.
I stopped doing them.
When did you do crimes?
You're admitting you used to do crimes.
Yeah, I used to be like a dangerous...
I used to be like a street guy.
You were like a rap character.
No, man, I was like a real guy on the street.
I used to hang out with some guys named Crime Time.
I was doing crimes.
John, you don't have to live the character right now.
Don't admit to doing crimes you didn't do.
No, I like...
I extorted people for money.
I used to go into businesses and I'd break the owner's legs
and demand that they pay me.
What?
Yeah, I tried to start my own mob.
And I regret it.
And I don't...
I don't do crimes.
So...
Hey guys, Kendall's here.
One second, actually.
Alexa, it's evening time?
Sorry if I set off anyone's Alexa just now.
There we go.
Back to normal.
Anyway, good question, John.
Maybe don't say anything too incriminating about your life
because I don't really want to spread misinformation,
but good question.
Would you rather never be able to complain again
or never poop again?
For me, poop, I hate that I have to.
I wish I could eat clean enough to stop, but you can't.
It doesn't matter how perfect you get your macros.
You will, you know, shit like you just ate a two-week-old burrito sometimes
and there's just nothing you can do to stop it.
I wish I could, but none of us are God.
I guess I'd...
What was the first one?
Um, complain again because complaints are like
the opposite of kisses.
They take angels' wings away
and then the angels fall to earth and they die.
That's just one of my opinions.
Thank you for your support, everyone.
I think I like that one.
I guess they did for some reason.
Yes, you, their next question, please.
On this day, I see clearly everything has come to light
and that light says fire, Jake.
Oh, man, I had a good run, I guess.
Well, no, Jake, I haven't fired you.
What? She's wearing a suit and she said I'm done.
So I'm sorry, I let you down, everybody.
I did my best, but I always knew this would have happened.
No, Jake, I would be the one to...
or Kendall would be the one to fire you
and as far as I know, Kendall hasn't fired you.
She's right there, Case.
Look at right at me. That is not Kendall.
Long hair. Everyone who has long hair isn't Kendall.
I'm just a big fan of supporting our troops
and I respect all the work that our troops have done
and say what you will, but at the end of the day,
all of us are troops.
Look, at the end of the day, all of us are troops
and that's why we've got to support our troops
and from one troop to another.
Godspeed.
Next question, please. Thank you so... Semper Fi.
You can leave.
You can keep the line moving.
Okay, guess on her own terms.
Do you have anything to say, Miss?
I think this is the last question, actually.
John, could you just...
try to vibe up what her question is?
Mr. Sina, can you...
your final match be against Jake?
Yes.
What? Yeah.
Yeah, my final match is against this little man on my left.
I think he's actually on your right.
Oh, whatever. Look, Jake, I'm done playing games with you.
All right?
You fucked with me for the last time.
You piece of shit. Yes, they love that.
I'm not listening, you son of a bitch.
Why don't you...
Let me do the classic stuff.
Why don't you grow a pair of...
Hey, I'm holding two...
I'm holding two things here.
And that's two more things than you've got balls.
So why don't you find some fight in this dog and dog up, Jake?
What?
And...
and fuck you.
I'm gonna kill you.
Jesus, why?
Look, this is classic promo stuff.
This is promo 101.
I have to teach you how to do a promo?
I'm not a wrestler!
What? What am I hearing excuses?
Huh? What am I hearing?
Give it up for me, everybody.
What am I hearing? Over there.
Okay, now over here. What am I hearing?
I'm hearing fucking excuses.
I'm gonna kill you, Jake. You're a dead man.
Give it back to me, man. Come on.
Come on, Jake.
I'd kill your family first.
I'd go for your family.
I'd kill your whole family while you weren't looking.
You never mess with me. Poison them all.
I'd poison your groceries.
I'd die in front of you.
You never know what you wouldn't even know why.
They'd just be dying in front of you as you ate.
But I would've given you an antidote.
I'd given you an antidote so that you don't die.
You have to watch them die.
Am I doing it?
Um, look, I'm...
I think I might wrestle on, like, Randy Orton or something for my last match.
To answer your question, I think maybe I'll just...
Hey, I'll just do Randy Orton again or something.
I don't know.
That's probably a good idea. Maybe you don't do Jake.
You did do it? I don't...
You know what? You did do it, Jake.
You did do it.
Wrestling is fun. I had fun. Yeah!
Okay, look, I don't know why I did this.
I feel like this was a mistake.
And same for me!
Okay, well, look, it wasn't my fault you guys answered all those questions so weird.
You could've answered them less weird.
Why do we have blame for everything, right?
Just answer the questions.
You can say yes or no to some of those.
Or just say one name.
Miss, you can go. You didn't even say anything.
Okay, she's not leaving.
But you could... We're done, so you could go.
Also, you guys don't have to keep applauding.
I don't... I'm not saying anything good.
Just calm down.
Okay, well, look, that's all the time we have.
You can request this every minute.
This is out of celebrities that you love, like John Cena.
And of course, Jake. We'll see you soon. Bye-bye, everybody.
Whoa, Jake, I don't think you can do two in a row.
Everybody likes it so much. I'm doing double duty!
Okay, well, sure.
Did you mean everything you said during that last segment?
Of course!
Okay, well, look, we...
The people crave Jake.
Everybody wanted more.
They were like, yeah, tell them, Gorilla.
All right, well, look, we don't have that much time, actually.
We'll see you guys up for the day.
You're supposed to just kind of do a quick one.
But there was a request to check in with some slop, actually.
Kind of like a slop stream.
What? Yeah.
So we will also do it amongst the web, but...
As there was a request for slop,
let's take a brief visit to Slopland.
Does that count?
He really did all that. He wasn't acting?
Yeah! Wait, what's...
Hey, Kendall, see you, everybody.
I did it.
I clipped one nail from Miss Zorro.
Did you freak out?
Kind of.
She still wants that.
Oh, how'd you do it?
Like this.
You're Miss Zorro.
Oh, God.
I did it like that.
Buzz, buzz.
You did the mouth feed.
I need like three hands to do this.
That makes sense.
That's what you wanted help with.
It fucking worked. I got one fucking nail, dude.
We'll be done in like 10 minutes if you want me to just hold it for you.
Yeah, I think that'll be better.
Yeah, I think two would be good there.
Yeah.
A two-personer.
Oh, wow, it does.
Kendall did Bishy Baby Bird in the Cat.
Bird in the Cat, yeah.
Why did he get a bunch of follows yesterday?
I didn't even stream yesterday.
Okay, well, whatever.
You got to swaddle them up like a burrito.
That's difficult with our cats.
You just got to tell them to cut their own nails.
That doesn't, they're cats, Jake.
Mm-hmm.
So it doesn't really work.
Okay, great. Let's watch one of these.
Headed her six finishes.
Tank five. I'm done, Cambry.
Same here, I'm out. Two more down.
Only one left at the table. He's loading up number six.
That's five tanks in the books for Kevin.
Headed her six finishes.
Okay, how about rather than ranking all these,
because they're real short, we're just going to rapid fire play them.
And maybe we can rank the whole slop block.
Wow, rate the slop block.
So hold on rating these until we've watched the full slop block, actually.
We're going to watch like 10 of these.
In fact, in our degreaser.
Okay, Kevin, let's go ahead.
Okay.
Okay.
You know what, in fact, maybe instead of just,
whoa, don't do my voice, maybe instead of
cutting out of these, we'll just watch all of them in a row.
One second.
Wait, what? Kevin has all the best vapes.
I don't, for some reason that full one isn't even loading.
Why is this happening?
Powerful stuff. We're still rolling, yeah?
Wait, what? Okay, for some reason these aren't loading normally.
I don't know why.
I blame open AI though.
I don't blame my internet connection.
I do blame open AI.
Wait, what's happening? Oh my God.
Wait, let go of me. Stop twisting my arm.
That hurts. Somebody help me.
I am not a balloon. Stop, stop.
Help, get me out of this. I can't move.
Okay, that's pretty good.
It's on chat to rate the block at the end of this,
but I'm going to say that one's pretty good.
This is the closest vape shop. I need a bottle of dark chowder.
I can't see one anywhere. The city's tiny.
I'm trying to be careful.
Sorry, my bad. Wait, I think I see a fine thing.
Hold on. Oh, come on. Guess I'll have to keep looking.
I do wonder why in all of these he's just talking at such a consistent pace.
Oh my God, a cartoon one.
This one.
Oh, huge.
One more for good measure.
Huge start from number two and I'm already leaving into the turn.
Look at the crawl speed. Hand's just a blur.
What the fuck? Sorry. This is playing all out of order and shit.
I don't know why my discord is behaving like this.
It's very upsetting because it's throwing off all of the slop that we're trying to watch.
I could try juggling those fire torches.
No, no, please don't. Those are literally on fire.
Exactly. Think how cool it'll look.
I'm going to be in the car and we'll be just stay right here.
Deep breath.
What if I bounce off the ceiling? I bet I can reach it.
Huh.
That one you could honestly do pretty quickly in a like a flash animation.
Oh my God, it's the grunge.
Drift grunge cool.
Get pegging lay pockets looking like parade puffing on that dark child of clouds.
Think is lemonade speaking hundreds never change ice cold jacket flame grunge cool with the gold.
Wait a minute. This one just has an AI Drake track behind it.
Get pegging lay.
Can I sue open AI along with Drake for stealing my IP?
Obviously I'm not going to sue so breechy.
Yeah, thank God it was color corrected.
All right, listen up. I'm putting together a list.
Not the nice one obviously.
Okay. Sort of a more of a PG grunge actually.
Well look at this one.
All right, let's pick one.
There's still more of Kevin vaping. Don't worry.
Captain Rush here. This is PWD's brand new dark chowder.
One sniff and you're wide open ready to take on all the world smooth, bold and fast.
Just the way.
Okay. And I guess I can't really say any slop segment is complete unless I check in with my brother, not my brother's particular brand of slop.
So let me just see if he's created any new types of slop.
The three types of slop as far as I know are things related to the stream correspondence and stuff from the stream.
Of course the main type of slop is Kevin vaping, but the third secret type of slop is the stuff my brother makes of old men.
So let's see how he's doing on that end.
Either of you dames interested in a dog and two boiled eggs with extra chili.
Oh my. Good heavens.
Okay. Let's see this one.
I was six years old when I won my first title.
I am the most unbeatable entity in organized fighting.
I was six years.
Okay. One more.
I wish. I wish. I wish.
Okay. I think I've hit my slop limit for the day.
Can we want to see a slop?
Kendall says no.
And she wants to clip the nails.
Five minutes.
Five minutes, everybody. We got to go fast.
And then we got to end the stream.
Wait, what is the rating for all the slop?
Yeah, this is a full rating for the slop.
Exclamation point rate the slop. Exactly.
You can rate the slop zero through 10.
And I won't even put my thumb on the scale.
You got to take a general average in your own mind of what you think all that slop was worth.
Any slop rating above a two is a win for the slop.
Just so you know.
Exclamation point sloppy. I should add that as an option.
Wow. Just a clean four.
That's what all those data centers get you.
Is it, is you just get to make four level content?
Level four. Even though they're up to five.
GBT five.
Good, Jake. That's a good use of numbers there.
Okay. Let's use some non,
I'll do five non-slop videos just as a palette cleanser.
I'll help this cat.
Okay. I'll help Kendall with the cat.
There we go.
You taste testin' a salad pickle.
Nice. Enjoy yourself.
So big.
Oh, what in the f-
Maybe we should go back to the AI actually.
Maybe AI was the move actually.
What was wrong? She just
going to town on that pickle.
Never just jam a pickle in your mouth?
Hmm.
It just seemed like maybe it was for a certain type of reason.
I don't know. It seemed normal to me.
You know what? You might have the healthier view of it, Jake.
Mm-hmm.
An eight.
Surprised.
Only got an eight.
All right. Let's continue. It's time for some stunts.
I don't like Halloween.
That's pretty above and beyond Halloween actually.
The ghouls are out.
The dead have come back.
Yeah, yeah. Halloween stuff.
It's the most dangerous holiday because you never know what type of ghoul
could be around any corner.
And they might do a terrifying jig.
They might dance and their bones will rattle while they dance
and unison.
The skeletons come out.
Yeah, yeah. That's Halloween.
If you're not a fan, I can see it.
That's hard for you, Jake.
It's the worst. They terrify me with their moves.
Well, here's more Halloween content for you,
but this is a little more wholesome, I'm assuming.
In the bath.
Oh, how cute. A little bank robber.
Oh, my God. He can't get away with this.
He didn't.
Jake, no.
You gotta take revenge on your enemies, or they'll never stop.
Jake, everything that happened there was so violent.
Yeah. I'm not saying it's good, but it's necessary.
You gotta show them that you're not to be messed with.
Jake, stop messing with people's food.
Tell them to stop messing with Jake.
I don't like this new side of Jake.
I think some hell-crumb is leaking into Jake.
You know what? Let's end on this one.
This one has a good title.
This seems like a strong contender to go out on, so...
We'll do this one, and we'll do another amongst the Web on Friday or something.
Steven Craig.
Robert Ray?
Oh, my.
John Hobson.
Oh, baby.
Whoa!
I wasn't ready for this shot.
Oh, wow.
Oh!
Oops!
I guess we can show that, because it's cooking content.
There's not about to be a full penis or something, is there?
Okay, no.
Oh, my.
I thank you. Love you all.
Wonderful.
Is that maybe a bit of a crumb situation there?
Is that her husband?
Yes, all of them?
Yeah, I think those are all her husband.
Once you cook with beefcake, there's no other way to live.
Yeah, she's getting it.
That's a cougar layer.
She's got the whole pride with her, and she's not stopping.
Some say she's still cooking with beefcake to this very day.
Oh, hey, I think that's as strong as the stopping point is any.
I feel uncomfortable.
Yeah, but that's, isn't that how you always feel?
Yeah.
Then I guess we're good to go.
All right, let's see who's on.
Just a little stream today.
We'll be back on Friday, though, for more of whatever this is.
Uh, you know, we haven't rated re-re-
Wait, is this the place I follow someone and I'm like,
not actually sure in what context I actually know them.
Okay, we're sending you out of here, guys.
Just a little Wednesday stream.
We'll be back on Friday with probably a song of some sort and whatever else is requested.
Of course, some, you know, probably bad news to start things off.
Just to really get the weekend started right with whatever catastrophes are happening in the world.
Happening in the world.
Until then, uh, say hi to me.
It's just a case raid.
Say hi for me, that is.
It's just a case raid.
I'm going to send it out of here because I got to go help these cats ASAP.
You got to feed and water your kindles and also clip these cat nails.
Have a beautiful rest of your Wednesday.
See any, uh, patreons on the stream tomorrow actually.
The, uh, Pocassum and KStream.
And we'll be back with a regularly scheduled bin on Friday.
Okay, bye-bye everybody.