I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said, hello YouTube, former president thanking you for your service to Tube, never stop playbling.
Not Case's brother said I accepted a free gold train from a South African warlord.
It's now owned by my presidential ice cream shop.
Hello everybody.
Go where I want you to.
There it is.
That seems good enough.
Hello.
Crackhead Yogi Bear or Coked Up Mr. Jinx.
Also what's up with my frickin' commands?
Who knows?
FishTie still going strong.
Maybe I just keep it forever. It kinda feels right putting it on now.
I hope you're all having a lovely Wednesday.
FishTie needs an emote. I do need a general emote update.
We might also need like an intro graphic update.
Currently it features many a fallen host.
Unfortunately.
Unfortunately.
Although maybe they'll be back someday if the snap gods are willing.
Pito, how are you doing today?
I feel like I look better than ever.
I look the same. One of those two.
Okay. You're kinda into how you look today.
I never said that. Good to see everybody.
I can't read. But I can tell that somewhere in this room,
and by room I mean the internet, is Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo.
Skymer. Dilemma. CD loves you.
Psycho. Reverie Wolf. Subreechi.
The master mod. CD loves you.
I'm gonna take it some more to the ball time.
Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo. Did I already say that? Commander Geb?
I just got the first. And to daddy?
CK said you stuff.
I never said you didn't.
I do. I'll say all the names.
Steven. Tom. Regibird.
Reynolds. Pragable.
Rizbar.
You're kinda hung up on ours.
I don't care.
That's fair. You're not required to care about anything.
That's why I don't.
Did we just get blessed by the Pope?
That's correct. Play me religious music.
It's time for our daily prayer.
You haven't really taken advantage of your Pope powers yet.
Well, that'd be fair. I don't really know what they are.
I don't know what a Pope is. And I don't know what religion is.
But play me a Gregorian chant. It's time for prayer.
Okay.
Oh my god.
I'm gonna run around this place.
Changing his jacket.
Thelma on just Mama Jan 800 shiny tasty coins.
What's that, Mr. President?
I've trained fucks. How do I know I've trained fucks?
You know how I know how I train fucks?
The president can say what he wants.
Look, there's some slanderous reports coming out about the president currently.
But we'll get into those later.
Um...
Is this good enough for you, Papito?
As we'll have to do.
Turn on my echo. Turn on my reverence.
Turn down my prayer music.
Today, let us give thanks for all the stuff you give me.
And then, like this, like this right here, let us give thanks to Dilemma 01.
For in all things of giving me stuff, there is no dilemma.
Give me directly food is what God spayed to me.
When he spayed a bunch of cats, he paused and looked at me and said,
Make sure everybody feeds you a lot, Papito.
And ever since that day, I've turned a bunch of fish into windows.
Amen.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Ha ha ha ha.
What? That's cute.
Well, Papito, I guess that's as good as any sermon I've ever given.
Okay. There's a hype train now.
So we'll get to the news in a little bit.
We have people to thank.
Hype train.
How you doing today? You all right?
That's my question for everybody. You all right?
What?
What would I do? I'm alive again.
I'm back in existence.
It feels so good.
What?
Man, there's a lot.
There's a lot on your screen at all times, guys.
We don't say it enough.
We're still dating.
That's still going strong.
I guess that's fine. I don't really know.
I don't really know if it counts as bestiality,
if it's a panther dating a train.
Nobody knows what it counts as.
So don't even call it out, Case.
I am not here to talk about that.
I'm here for you to play a Gregorian-type beat
and for me, in the power of the prayers to Papito,
to thank him for all of the beautiful subs.
Papito, praise be his name.
I'm religious now, by the way. I'm in the religion of Papito.
He already converted you?
He converted me instantly.
Hell, there's a huge cult of Papito.
All of us that are damned to exist there,
thank him constantly for the bits and subs.
All bits and subs power the denizens of hell,
just so you know. That's how that works.
This music's way too loud.
Or not loud enough, I can't tell. Either way,
I got people to fucking THAAAANG!
Goddamn!
The beats coming in like swam!
Prayers up!
Thinking all you motherfuckers, I don't give a fuck.
I just curse in the name of God.
Fucking ASAP, Papito, all my love.
But first I gotta thank the bits and subs.
Like heaven, we are rising like dust straight from hell.
Xander, I checked the smell.
30 months, I think you smell too well.
Dilemma? Well, I ain't got no problem.
800 bits, you know you solved the dilemma.
With the five subs, in the name of Papito,
they are showing love and dropping notions
so that there's a little motion they got.
100 bits, and that's giving me emotions like...
Love!
Uncle Fitz, 100 bits from above.
Ray Silver with the 25th Street.
Apple, Apple, 100 bits are clapping those cheeks.
And that's all the stuff that brought me to this plane.
By that I mean earth.
I'm a train. I keep out of the air, man.
Alright, well thanks for thanking everybody, Hype Train.
You know, you could just say the names.
It'd probably be faster.
Just see if you've ever considered that.
Never thought about that for a second, Cowards Raid.
Only heroes rhyme their thank yous.
Heroes and trains.
And they're the same. All trains are heroes.
All trains are heroes?
Every single train is a hero to the people, you know.
Okay.
That's one of the, um, that's one of the commandments
of Papito's religion.
Oh! Play me more religious type beats!
Play me more deeply religious beats!
I want to get in on these Papito prayers!
Look at this one, man.
Look at this one, Casefound.
This has to be religious.
Look how religious this beat definitely is.
Well, you're alive for a bit longer now, Hype Train.
Are you relieved to not be in hell?
Well, now that I, part of my religion is
sort of pain for pleasure, hell-raiser style,
all of us in hell.
We think everything that we go through
sort of deepens our love for the God of the Papito's.
Well, Peter's supposed to be the Pope.
He's not supposed to be God.
Yeah, but we're in hell, so we don't really need to fall that low.
I'm one of a just man with jammed 800 shiny tasty coins,
and I've been dying to say this.
All trains are heroes, and the fuck doesn't know that.
Oh! Case!
I have no doubt.
Like at the dumb S-U-R you just got called out.
Hmm, I feel complete.
All these beats are religious super beasts.
They've been, this beat kinda sucks,
but I'm still gonna go.
Thank you for the 28 months keeping me on my flow.
Go Super Saiyan, like my name is Papito,
but that would beat Sac Religious,
because that's our God, you know?
Papito is our God.
Why didn't this happen?
Yesterday.
Yesterday Papito became a God.
Just yesterday.
But that doesn't negate the deepness of a deep,
trained faith.
Down in hell we all worshiping that little dog,
Mane.
Mane, Mane.
What?
Mane?
We worshiping Mane?
We worshiping Papito, Mane?
Mane.
And the mighty eyes thank you for the 100 bits.
I meant to work that in, but I didn't.
Mane?
This is not a very religious type beat.
I'll be honest.
This one's called God Only Knows.
So that's gotta be religious, right?
Well again,
our God is more so a dog that produces a
small twitch stream.
So who, God does only know that,
because only Papito knows what we're talking about.
The brave warriors that watch this stream.
And deal with stuff like this.
Oh no.
Everyone in hell is chugging some piss.
What?
We're all chugged piss.
This is the form of our breasts.
We don't do circumcisions, but we drink piss.
Down in hell we all chugged piss to show our faith to God who is a dog.
What?
Our faith in God is reaffirmed every charm that we drink.
Some chunky yellow piss, y'all.
Chunky?
In hell the piss is so chunky.
Best believe that it is motherfucking chunky.
When we drink that piss it's taking funky.
But the chunks in the piss actually taste lovely.
There's little chunks of piss inside the piss.
Okay.
It's frozen piss, but also some cake.
Someone put some cake inside the piss,
because it's hell, y'all.
Damn, y'all.
Everything in hell is so fucked up, y'all.
Now the only way to eat cake is when it's in piss, y'all.
Goddamn pissy cakes, y'all.
Sorry, we have a message.
So is the talk show called Late Night with our God, Popeto?
No, I started making that before he became the Pope.
So currently he's just a late night host.
I guess that's sort of a side gig currently to him being a...
I guess the God of hell.
Suck it, piss cakes.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt your song.
Actually, I did.
Suck it, piss cakes, y'all.
Why are all piss cakes so soggy, y'all?
Why can't it just be...
What?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah!
Listen up, Jack.
It's Kimmer Jess, Mama Jam, 300 shiny tastes.
Oh, God, we're getting deep into the trailer all day.
I'm gonna say this, your body, blood, and piss of crisp piss.
Well, there's a lot more lore to you when once again, hype train.
Every time you're here, you drop a lot more lore.
Yeah, that's right.
Because of all the sweet support 300 bits feeding us in hell,
usually we're just chugging piss and eating soggy piss cakes.
The piss cakes are kind of good.
Comparatively to the piss.
Anyway, mighty eyes, thank you for the 100.
Skimer, thank you for the 300 bits.
Keeping me alive, keeping my faith in Popeto going strong.
Do you call him Popeto or Popeto?
Both!
It's like God and Jesus and the ghost God.
They're the same thing.
You mean the Holy Spirit?
I call him ghost God.
I like that more.
Okay, well you're... alive for even longer?
Yes.
It's my faith is being rewarded, case.
Play more beats so that I can...
Uh-oh, this is a Kanye West gospel-type beat.
Does that mean...
Does that mean it's gonna have some pretty problematic lyrics in it?
To be fair actually, saying you're chugging piss is not the most problematic r- rake lyric.
Rap lyric.
What did you just say?
I did mean to say rap lyric, sorry.
First I said rake, and then I said something way worse.
Rap lyric.
Whoa!
Sometimes you talk too much.
The piss thing is not the most problematic r- rake lyric I've heard in a while.
Or very recently.
Jeez, case.
Those two words are so close.
It could happen to anybody.
Oh my God, you're so fucking stupid.
Apology, rap!
Apologize on your behalf, case.
Oh!
Case is so fucking dumb that he's going to hell immediately.
What?
I'm so fucking disappointingly stupid that he can't say simple words,
constantly adding ease to words in the worst places.
What a fucking disgrace, man.
Everybody hates case in hell, but probably in heaven too.
I haven't checked, cause I'm in hell.
This is not you ap- this isn't an apology, this is just you talking shit about me.
Case cannot say simple words.
One syllable words are too much for his monosyllabic mind.
He should've stuck to no words, because he's so fucking stupid.
And he's going to hell, well guess what?
We won't even give him the piss case, we'll just give him piss.
I don't like this cognotype beat.
So I'm cutting you off, cause you're being mean.
I'm not the one who's misspoke in a troubling way.
Damn.
How are you not dead yet?
Cause I'm empowered by bits and hype and drive mostly well, mostly subs and bits, but while you don't hype.
Hmm, noted bin broadcaster current is going to hell.
This is why I need a better teleprompter, to feed me all the things I say,
so that I don't misspeak.
Kevin knows how to use a cognotype beat.
Did he ever- well I don't know, I'll leave that to Kevin.
I'll leave that to Kevin, whatever he's going to do with that.
What are you talking about?
No time to explain hype train.
Play a thundercat's trap beat? Okay, that's fair.
Thundercats.
Trap beat.
Yeah, I need another tele- I need a teleprompter stacked on top of my teleprompter with another camera at it.
I need to be able to look straight up to a teleprompter camera.
Oh shit, does this one kind of rock?
Ooh, it's not a beat though.
So far, so far it's jest.
Okay, I guess there's a little thundercats in there.
It's not very thundercats-y.
It's the bare minimum of thundercats beat.
Let's see what this one is.
Maybe this one's going to nail it harder.
I guess that's close enough.
I think we're going to stare around for a minute.
You did a thundercat soldier boy remix music video?
Oh, thank god.
He's dead. He's died.
Hype train, sorry about that.
He seemed to have fucking died.
No, Nami.
I feel great. I'm awake.
I'm not being sucked back to hell.
He got sucked back.
He got sucked back to hell.
I'm pretty sure.
He died for our pissy cakes.
This is fine. This is an odd beat.
Okay, well that was the usual start to the stream.
He's saying something really awful accidentally.
And you know, 20 minutes of piss rap.
Alright, we'll send it to DJ Music at the end of the stream.
It's a bit of a mess.
And what a perfect way to get into the news with an awful beat.
Well, the beat of the world is news and it's bad.
So let's get into it.
Take it from me.
Home back at the top of the show where I belong.
It's ya boy.
Ya boy, Jeff Ripple.
There it is.
Trying to get this thing on point.
That feels good.
Oh my gosh, this is so loose.
This microphone could have come rocketing off at any time.
Good to see everybody.
It's been too long since we've seen DJ Music.
I think we've seen AI Rooney twice since the music.
Well, I would argue that's just because you sound awful, case.
I accidentally hit the eject button because everyone's saying hurtful things to me,
and then come back.
You could come back, Jeff.
What the fuck?
Immediately rock into the basement with the Alligators.
It's DJ Music that you're imputing the singing of, by the way.
Not me. I'm blameless.
Yeah, but whenever you make it, the rare chance you might make a guest appearance,
you sing too poorly, case.
So we can never news it.
Well, there's only one way to improve,
and that's where there could be news it all the time.
There's a basement full of Alligators?
Previously, no. Why were there Alligators down there today?
You sure there weren't rats?
They were?
Actually, oh no, though.
Oh, shoot. Now that I really think about it, they were Alligators-sized rats.
That's worse. I know that's worse.
But do somebody...
Can we like band together to go battle Peter or something to get him out of here?
What is he doing in the wall?
Because I do hear a heartbeat in the wall lately.
Yeah, we all do.
Think that's the heartbeat of one giant rat?
I don't know what he's doing in there.
He seems to develop cosmic powers with the rats.
And I don't want to think about it too much,
because there's enough lore already on this show.
Well, sometimes lore transitions into...
We all get eaten by giant rats.
And Peter takes over the city like some comic supervillain.
Exterminate Peter.
Does that count as murder?
He transcended past humanity to become 100% rat?
I'll let him do his segment today.
No case! Keep him in the wall!
I think we need to get him out of the wall, maybe.
I think he's gained too much power in the wall.
Who's in charge of the bin wiki?
Don't even worry about it.
Don't even bother.
Don't tell them not to make a wiki if they want to.
I just try to save you some mental language.
Don't even...
It's just too much work, please.
Spare yourself.
Is he like the oogie boogie and his whole body is just rats?
Maybe!
Is it Master Splinter?
Maybe we gotta call Master Splinter to go in the wall.
We'll deal with the wall eventually.
When I have time to set up a camera that's looking at the wall.
Maybe it's like a quantum theory case.
As long as we don't look at the wall.
There's a 40% chance Peter's dead.
I don't think that's quite how quantum theory works.
Observer's Dilemma or whatever.
I don't know.
We have to do the Sonic quiz, by the way.
Oh goody, well I don't have to do that.
I have to do the frickin' nose.
See, I didn't curse because I'm in news mode.
Trump's in the Middle East.
Isn't that fun?
Is that fun?
Is he there to have fun?
I think he's there to, you know, make some international deals.
Oh, okay.
Well anyway...
Oh wait, I need a Trump picture.
Trump.
You're too big right now.
Trump, Middle East.
Where's my Trump photo?
There's a classic one.
Courtesy of Al Jazeera.
Mr. President, no!
So Bricksy said before I left the White House
I took a shit in a desk drawer in the whole office,
but I don't think Trump has noticed yet
because he himself smells like shit.
Mmm.
That's a great point.
Look, yeah, there you go.
Sit back a little bit, case, let's scooch over.
Ahem.
Excellent point.
If you stink like shit,
then how do you know if there's a shit in your house?
Case?
I don't know. I just thought you'd know.
I thought you'd know.
Okay, well can you read the news please?
That's nothing.
Okay, look, Trump's in the Middle East.
Everybody's loving to cover it,
so we'll pop it on this
right in the bandwagon.
Let's talk about it.
Trump marvels at wealth of his Arab hosts
while eyeing upgrades back at home.
This is a real photo of him sitting next to
some important figure from the Middle East
that I'm too uninformed to recognize.
I'll admit it.
Case, do you know who they are?
Of course I know who they are, but I can't bail you out, Jeff.
Case, you piece of shit.
Donald Trump is the most powerful and famous person on the planet.
Okay, the AP.
Really buttering them up before they get into this.
At the helm of the biggest economy
and the strongest military.
Okay, now they're buttering all of us up, Case.
America, we did it. Still number one.
I mean, biggest doesn't mean best or best used.
Well, a bit, but strongest.
It's pretty much all cool stuff for us.
But on his trip to the Middle East this week,
the American president is sounding more than a little
envious of his Arab hosts.
He admired the marble in the Qatari Palace as
perfecto and very hard to buy.
He praised the gleaming marvels of the skyline
in Saudi Arabia. That's a quote.
Gleaming marvels.
Gleaming marvels. Maybe that's the next,
maybe that's like the 10th phase of marvels.
Shut up, Case. That's bad and no.
And he groused about the much smaller
and much less impressive plane that is Air Force One.
That might get upgraded soon.
On his flight to the region, Trump said the Gulf states
all have these brand new Boeing 747s
while he was stuck using a nearly 40-year-old
giant superplane.
The president is so impatient for a replacement plane
that he is considering accepting a donated model from Qatar.
Despite concerns that it could be less secure,
costly to retrofit, and a violation of the
U.S. Constitution's prohibition on foreign gifts.
But other than that, it's plain city babe.
A plane the size of a city.
I think it's just a bigger, newer plane.
His ears are different than his face color?
No.
Oh yes.
Yep, totally correct.
Very different.
Yep, maybe that's a natural part of aging.
My guess is that's not a supernatural.
It's a supernatural part of aging.
A supernatural.
Does he have ghost powers in his ears?
I just mean, it's the Sprite Tan, obviously.
He's got a ghost Sprite Tan?
Okay.
There's a video.
Let's hear what CNN has to say about this exciting trip.
CNN, our favorite source for down the Middle East news.
Straight down the middle.
This is the first stop in a high stakes Middle East visit the
President today signaling several new agreements with Saudi
Arabia and announcing plans to lift sanctions on Syria.
CNN's Jeff Zellany's in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Jeff?
Jake, the President just concluded a whirlwind day here
in Riyadh that often had the feel of a day on the campaign
trail with him with many promises mingling with some of
the world's most wealthy and successful business leaders
even as they were trying to get their time with him.
Now there were a lot of promises discussed Jake,
but there were fewer discussions about how those
geopolitical challenges.
Wait a minute. You mean he's just over there saying stuff?
That doesn't sound like him.
Get ahead of it, Case.
Oh, because Case can't speak the English language correctly.
DJ Newzik has blue hair. Case does not.
Alright, I stand corrected. Fine.
How come all his deals seem to be about new hotels
and not trade?
Well, you can't trade if you don't have hotels
for the dignitaries to stay in.
So take that, Bonsai Bullfrog.
I think those words were trying to climb back into your mouth, Jeff.
No, they escaped.
Back to the other news.
The Trumpets rang out today for President Trump
on a royal welcome to Saudi Arabia.
There was pomp.
Where? Where's pomp?
Hagen Tree.
And even Arabian horses to mark the moment of Trump's foray
back to the Middle East on his first major overseas trip
since returning to power.
Not a great place, but more importantly, what great people.
The president lavished praise on Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
and invested more time on dealmaking than diplomacy.
Yet he did unveil a major change in the US policy
calling for an end to sanctions in Syria.
He set to meet for the first time Wednesday
with President Ahmed Al-Sharar,
who led the December rebellion to oust dictator Bashar al-Assad.
The sanctions were brutal and crippling
and served as an important, really an important function,
nevertheless at the time, but now it's their time to shine.
Trump also implored Iran to find a way to end its nuclear program.
I'm here today not merely to condemn the past chaos of Iran's leaders,
but to offer them a new path and a much better path toward a...
Ooh, even better.
Far better and more hopeful future.
Better and more hopeful and better.
...and he looked ahead to the prospect of extending the Abraham Accords
to one day normalize relations between Saudi Arabia and Israel
as neighboring UAE by the time they were in 2020.
My fervent heart.
Sorry, poor words.
And even my dream that Saudi Arabia will soon be joining the Abraham Accords.
You'll do it in your own time and that's what I want and that's what you want.
He devoted little time to one of the biggest obstacles of all,
the unresolved conflict in Gaza.
He is notably not visiting Israel on this trip,
unlike he did on his first trip here eight years ago.
The people of Gaza deserve a much better future.
From morning to nightfall,
Trump took part in a day-long series of events,
many of which include the Trump's business elite.
Among them, Elon Musk,
who was set to leave the White House later this month.
Trump touted a $600 billion investment commitment from Saudi Arabia,
whose crown prince stayed at the President's side.
Wait a minute.
Yeah, Elon followed him over there.
What?
He just gets to go everywhere?
I thought they hated each other now.
I thought we did it and then a whole blow-up we thought would happen did.
Because Trump blew up the economy?
No, there's still pales?
Yeah, I think they...
Again, I think people are...
It's wishful thinking to assume that
Elon would lose all of his political influence
given all the money he's spending.
Oh, his money is his influence. He's still spending.
My face has become a satellite.
Oh, nope, I'm back to human.
I could have reported from the Middle East
if my face were a satellite case.
Then you could have on-site coverage from satellite head.
We need words from Trump's new gifted plane.
I don't know how it feels about his new orange daddy.
Are you gonna talk to a plane now, Case?
If I have to.
If I have to do that to get to the bottom of this, I will.
This is the worst timeline.
I mean, isn't this normal President stuff?
He's doing some diplomacy?
Well, I mean, I'm fine with Trump touring the Middle East.
It's a big chunk of the world.
It's good to try to have relations with every country, in my opinion.
But, you know, it's still him over there.
So it's a bunch of like embarrassing, insane promises
and just a huge, essentially ego parade for him everywhere he goes.
So, you know, that's kind of troubling to watch.
Or fun.
Are we allowed to have fun when there's big parades
for our little President boy?
Can we have a little fun with that?
What's fun about it?
All the people.
It's like the Genie song in Aladdin.
Big old fun parade.
Probably a little racist that that's what you thought of.
Shoot.
Now I have to apologize.
It's fine, I guess.
Okay, let's just retreat to watching more of CNN talking about this.
It's a big, racist administration.
He's an incredible man.
Not in a long time now.
There's nobody like him.
It was a marked departure from former President Joe Biden's fist bump
and his vow to make the kingdom a pariah.
After the 2018 murder of Washington Post columnist Jamal Kashukshi,
a killing that today went without mention,
as Trump hailed the crown prince.
Oh, what I do for the crown prince.
What?
Wait, what?
The president said he...
What did he mean by that last part?
It's kind of sexual, right?
Hmm.
Maybe they'll clarify over at CNN.
If Trump is trying to fuck the crown prince
by receiving gifts, I'm confused.
He would never let Iran obtain a nuclear weapon,
but he did extend a hand and say he was eager to have a nuclear
discussion with Iran.
And that, Jake, taken together with the ending of sanctions in Syria,
offered something of a one-two punch, if you will,
against Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Let's learn about his jet.
He tried to defend plans for him to accept a luxury plane
from the Qatari royal family to serve as Air Force One
for the remainder of his presidency and for him to take
to the Trump presidential library.
Let's bring in CNN chief law enforcement
and intelligence analyst John Miller.
Whoa!
You're an expert on lots of things.
I'm not going to get into the ethics of it all.
Dr. Strangelove grew up.
But President Trump once treated Qatar as a pariah.
He called out his ties to terrorism,
obviously the political leadership of...
Holy shit, case. This is like watching your stream.
Here's this guy.
And here's this guy with some kind of weird aging filter.
They're doing it just like you.
Yeah, I guess they are.
So ahead of your time, case.
Get back in time where you belong.
Hamas or headquartered in Qatar.
Take a listen to how Trump talked about Qatar in his first term.
The nation of Qatar, unfortunately,
has historically been a funder of terrorism.
The time it come to call...
That was the same day.
On Qatar...
He brought the sun down.
And it's funding.
They have to end that funding.
And it's...
Okay, well look.
We don't need to play gotcha journalism with things Trump might have said.
We all know he says stuff.
And he may or may not mean any of it.
So we can't hold him accountable for any of it.
And that's the point...
of government.
The point is to hold no one accountable.
Well, that's the point he's made
by never being held accountable for anything he's ever said ever.
That's modern politics.
Hmm.
Ben is the real news.
We're certainly watching the news.
So how could we say it's not real?
That's Pam Bondi's stance.
Oh, Pam.
Yeah, it is.
Let's see how many times he says guitar.
Okay, let's do the guitar challenge.
Although I don't know how long this clip is.
Extremist ideology in terms of funding.
So what's your take on all this
as somebody well-steeped and not only law-enforced,
but intelligence matters?
Tell us what the deal is, Intelligence Golem.
We animated you with the words out of clay.
Now do your job.
So I'm just prepping him to make sure he does it right.
Do you have any issues with him accepting this plane?
Well, it's certainly a sign that guitar knows its customer.
It is very customary, Jake, as you know from having been there.
When someone important in the region shows up,
that they are given gifts and remembrances and so on.
If you introduce Donald Trump to the concept of a plane
that was designed for a prince where the trimming is, you know,
polished wood and lots of gold inside,
if you know your customer, you know that's going to get his attention.
Now, from a legal sense, the Attorney General, Pam Bondi,
has said, well, this is legal because it's a transfer
from one government of a piece of military equipment to another government.
It happens all the time.
But as an intelligence officer, when you stand back and look at it,
that's not what it really is.
It's a gift of an airplane, especially for Donald Trump in his presidency,
with the proviso that when he leaves the presidency,
he gets to take it with him as a gift to his presidential library,
which he has the use of.
Well, I'm torn.
Because one guy said it's bad,
and the other guy said it was fine.
How are we supposed to know who to trust, case?
It's full of TNT.
Oh, my God, what if it's a trap?
What if it's an incredibly expensive Trump trap?
I think there'd be easier traps than giving him a $400 million plane.
Probably.
Guy on the right in the early stages of an RFK morph?
He really is.
Oh, God, we have to stop him before it goes all the way.
If we're not careful, he's going to end up jumping or dipping
into a sewage outside of Washington.
Yeah, it's very obviously,
maybe a bribe is underselling it.
They're greasing the wheels for probably some form of international trade
with preferential treatment from the Trump administration.
I believe, wasn't there just an announcement of some kind of
interest?
Is it Qatar or Qatar?
I never know.
I hear people say Qatar, though.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like this.
This could have something to do with the gift, if I had to guess.
Ah!
Continue without supporting CNBC, please.
Boeing inks record-breaking deal for Qatar Airways to buy up to 210 planes.
Qatar Airways, and this is from surprisingly today, unrelated, I'm assuming.
They've once secured an agreement to sell Qatar Airways up to 210 aircrafts.
Qatar Airways also signed an agreement with GE Aerospace for more than 400 engines
to power Boeing planes.
Well, then my question case is why are you anti-industry?
This is just how it works.
If you go to an ice cream shop, you say,
I'll try the chunky monkey and give me some of that rainbow one.
I want to see what that tastes like.
That's what we're doing with the president.
He is our tasting spoon, and we've sent him to the Middle East.
East.
He's a Middle Ace in the Middle East, and he's tasting all the planes for us
to make sure that they're good for us to then sell them a bunch of planes.
We're Boeing planes, the ones falling apart in the air?
Yes.
Then they've also, um, they killed a couple...
uh, whistleblowers.
Cases just pro-Chinese. There's a difference.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Propaganda gets it.
Middle-Ace.
Middle-Ace to the cognitive test.
Thank you. Thank you, yes. Absolutely.
I did, in that case, his brother.
I don't want it if Trump's tongue touched it.
Well, what if he has to lick every plane to make sure that it tastes as good as his plane?
Streaming on Red Note, I wish.
Yeah, stream over on the Chinese Tik Tok or whatever.
Where you belong.
Hey, don't threaten me with a good time.
Okay, well, um...
It's a little tit for tat.
Look, think of the deal he just made.
He gets a free plane and they buy a bunch of our planes that are falling apart
and that we're murdering people to hide the fact that they're falling apart.
It's a win-win for everybody with a bunch of money
and a bit of a loss for the consumer
in the sense that you might sort of lose parts of the plane in the air
and then lose to gravity when it falls out.
Anyway, it's trade.
Trump got tired of Epstein's plane already?
No, no, he still is.
Oops, sorry. I mean, yes.
Okay, well, you know, what can you do?
Are you asking?
Are you actually asking?
Because I would like to know.
Can we do anything?
Because mostly I will...
I'll just do what I'm told.
And if we're all doing the thing I'm done,
but if we're not,
I'm going to keep kind of sucking up to the current administration.
So are we doing anything?
Registering or disapproval?
Okay, so nothing. Okay, gotcha.
So I'll keep kind of just being a toady again for whoever seems safest.
And that's not you?
You could stand for something, Jeff.
No.
No, no, no. I do the news, actually.
I'm going to stay fair and well-balanced in the middle where it's safe.
And you can, too, exciting news from all around the world
as planes are shooting all over the skies, flying all over the place,
getting gifted, getting blasted.
I'm excited to see where all this international trade goes.
It's really just like a fun show.
It's like what's actually happening there.
It's very fun to watch.
I hope you're all having fun.
And I hope the ripples of my fun are rippling into your fun ripples.
And in the middle of that, because my name's Jeff Ripple,
I'm also there, too. I'm Jeff Ripple.
You laugh and then it really hits.
Sounds like an all positive to me.
And a positive way to react to seeing me,
not laughing at me, laughing with me
at the absurdity of me having to sit next to,
like a white gum drop covered in piss?
Why are you asking?
I'm just trying to decide what kind of disgusting creature you are
in a day to me.
Because you're always like a gremlin.
That's fine.
I...
Gremlin's not so bad.
But like a sex criminal gremlin.
Okay, that's the awful, awful thing to bring up.
A polywog. Yeah, today you're kind of like a polywog.
You're like those fake sperm from the sperm race.
You're not even a real sperm.
You're like a CGS sperm.
Or a tadpole.
But tadpoles are kind of cute.
Especially in video games.
So you're more like a fake sperm to me today.
How you doing?
I'm doing fine.
I am doing fine.
I don't know why every intro has to be like that.
I get it.
I get that there's animosity between the two of us.
We weren't summoned today, by the way.
So if anybody has a particular debate they'd like to see,
send crumb to cutter.
Fine.
I'd be happy to do some international politicking.
Some diplomacy, if you will.
Send a real statement that actually knows how to talk
international politics.
I'd be thrilled.
I'd be thrilled to see you trying to fit in in the Middle East.
Because I know some people over there.
Sometimes, you know, when you're international,
things can happen to you.
So who knows what happens if you leave the country.
Are you threatening to have foreign agents murder me
as soon as I travel overseas?
No, I said who knows what could happen.
It was very, can you stop?
Can you just leave it to my appearance actually?
How about you just don't threaten my life for once?
Waffles versus pancakes.
I don't know why you're getting so heated.
Waffles versus pancakes.
That's not possible.
That is my kind of debate.
That's why we do this.
That's why we do all of this.
To answer big time questions like that.
Waffles, obviously.
Okay, so thank you, I guess actually.
I was going to pick pancakes anyway.
No, actually, what you were going to pick.
Don't do this.
Just let me do pancakes.
That was the request.
Well, there was no specific request today,
so it's more malleable today.
I'm going to put all the food on the children's menu.
The children's menu.
No, that is too dark.
I'm not, I know what you're doing.
That is just so gross.
Baby carrots even better.
Can you just not, how would no food
with any kind of age reference in it?
Okay, please.
Wasn't an option. Crump stop cheating.
I should really stop giving you.
I should really stop giving you.
Ooh, how about just something,
something that would do damage to your penis?
The outside of a pineapple.
It was just pancake.
Can I just do pancakes? No, it's the outside of a pineapple.
That's what you love to fuck.
I think waffles are fuckable.
You think the outside of a pancake is fuckable.
I'm sorry, the outside of a pineapple.
You should have pancake.
Pineapple is what I'm saying.
You can make a gorilla $120,000.
And the deal we made is that you have to,
you absolutely have to,
do the option I pick.
You like to fuck the outside of a pineapple.
Not the inside, which would also hurt,
because it's very acidic.
I do owe this gorilla $120,000.
That much is true.
Yes, you do.
Look into me, so upset you've barely been
paying them off lately.
Case doesn't even stream that much.
And there's always a chance you won't win.
And you know he's getting impatient.
One of these days, something's got to give.
You better try to fucking win this
by advocating for fucking the outside of a pineapple.
Okay, well, look, if we don't have a,
if we have a mod that doesn't mind making that debate.
Oh, and they, they did.
Can you go first at least?
Oh, I can go first.
I can go last.
I can go whatever way that sexy ass waffle
wants me to go.
I'm not saying you got to fuck a waffle.
I'm saying you get to fuck a waffle.
It's not full of traditional holes.
It's graded, but there's,
there's the whisper of a hole there.
There's an opening and you know that they
beckon to you in an erotic way.
Covered in butter, dripping with, um,
pancake mayonnaise, what's it called?
Pancake mayonnaise?
Syrup is what I meant to say.
Syrupy, delicious, just a little flirtatious.
Who hasn't wanted to fuck a waffle at least a little bit?
You could wrap it around it.
You could crunch it up.
You could just kind of grind your genitals against it.
Whatever your thing is,
it's at least you got to admit the sexiest breakfast food.
Sorry, it's a layup.
It's just that fucking easy.
Why do you like to ruin your penis with a pineapple?
Well, I'd like to point out that the outside of a pineapple
was currently winning, so I guess it speaks for itself.
You're, come on, Chad.
Really?
It'll hurt your penis.
It'll make your, it'll hurt your,
it'll also hurt your vagina.
It doesn't have to be a gender thing.
It will ruin your genitals either way.
Or if you're careful,
it's as good as any other surface.
If we're being this crass about it,
there's ways that you could gently use a pineapple,
rustling the hard edges against your genitals
in a way that's flirtatious,
dangerous, but exciting.
That could exfoliate excellent point IG-8188.
Would I recommend it?
Well, for the purpose of this, yes.
Yes, I would.
I would advise not inserting it.
We're talking with the outside of the pineapple here.
It's a little too big for you, maybe.
What?
Look, honestly, here's the problem.
You're running here too much.
You're just too repugnant of a disgusting little fucking monster.
So it doesn't matter what you saddle me with,
I will say giddy up, cowboy,
and I will ride whatever fucking opinion you give me
to the finish line, just like I did today.
Yo!
Why don't you go fuck up right, Apple?
Big wins!
That feels very good.
I was in there in this world of disinformation.
As I've said a bunch now,
I've said it too many times.
I keep accidentally rubbing a little bit of my genius off onto you.
I just, my radar for victory is so intense
that I keep coming up with options that are too awesome
and will inevitably win,
because we got a bunch of daredevil's in the audience.
We got a bunch of fucking stuntmen out here
that love a challenge,
and they see the dangers of fucking up on Apple,
and because they're American heroes, they say,
no mountain is too tall,
no pineapple is too hard and dangerous.
I can make this work.
So in a sense, they all voted for me.
But I'm the one who's getting 5,000 nasty dollars
of your fucking money, by the way,
and I'm not even apologizing anymore,
I'm not thinking you,
because you put me through hell every day.
If there was any justice in this world,
you'd be giving me 115 grand just as an apology
for the way that you treat me.
You repugnant, repellent little fuck nugget.
Oh, God, I, oh, ew!
Go start a fucking YouTube where you eat bacon or something.
You are tripped in the early 2000s,
God, I hate you.
Sorry, I can't help it if I just epically rock you.
Ah! Jesus!
Stop this, Chad!
Stop reporting this!
Can't help it if they like what they see.
You think I'm trapped in there,
watch me do a little Conan dance.
I'm doing the strings.
I'm doing the Conan strings.
And then I cut it.
No!
No!
We were arguing, I think I nailed that out.
Thank you all for the support, earnestly.
It's been a stressful time.
That's racist.
Conan dance?
Yeah, it is.
I don't even sure what Card King's referring to,
but you did do something racist in there.
I can sense it.
Which one?
What I do.
I will apologize.
I apologize for all of it.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry that I don't even understand what I did.
And I need more introspection
to really cash these things in the moment.
And I do apologize.
You don't even know what you're apologizing for.
But I'm sorry.
And I also won.
So I bet you're sorry about that.
I am not apolog-
I'm not sorry about anything.
Everything's happening exactly as I planned.
I'm lolling you
into a false sense
of ever thinking that you've done well
in this thing that we're doing.
And the trap is set.
And when it springs,
you're gonna see
the...
you just signed you fuck that gorilla's mother?
Oh no, I don't...
I'm sorry.
It is my own ignorance
that I don't understand sign language.
It is something I wish I had learned.
That is my own fault.
I won't even attempt to sign
an apology.
But just know if I could, I would.
And...
I will contact my formal mayoral agency
and see if they can hire a sign language expert
to record a video of this apology as well.
I am deeply sorry.
I will do better.
You still don't even know what you're fucking apologizing for.
I will do better.
And I thank you all for going on this journey with me.
Of self-improvement.
And you stop cursing me with your craziness!
You're lucky I didn't finish that.
I accidentally started a very powerful incantation.
You don't know magic.
Okay!
Well, it's a fucking...
It's a magic spell that you've ever won,
so maybe you should be thanking me.
That's all I'm saying.
You think I don't know magic?
Maybe my magic is the only thing keeping you alive
against all the odds.
Jesus Christ.
That's all the time we have.
Thank you for handing me another secret victory.
The real heads know that I've never actually lost.
And these secret victories do count.
And you all count as well all the wolves in chat.
I'll rule, we will see you soon.
Somebody said I get to play today.
Oh well, that's okay.
Peter's on the way.
You're not on the way, you're already here.
Sorry, we can't have two combative segments back to back.
I'm gonna try to get along with you today, Peter.
You don't have to try.
Because friendship is an eternal well.
The waters of its spring forth freely case.
And I should know a thing about free flowing waters
because the rats in the wall,
something got into the water supply and then they have...
They are peeing, you know, like a diabetic fire hydrant.
You know what I mean?
No I don't.
I put it there.
I don't have full control over the wall.
There's power in the wall, but I don't have full command of it yet.
Peter, I'm really gonna try to get along with you today.
I missed not talk about rats or living in my wall.
The wall is all I know.
So it is my biggest frame of reference.
But have you watched any good shows lately?
Maybe we could talk about that.
Oh my gosh.
This topic reminds me of the blue waffle internet myth.
What's that?
You don't know about the blue waffle internet myth?
Um, fuck you Peter.
How?
Or... oh.
No.
No.
Oh, what are you doing?
Just running through the options of how I could take this.
And I'm gonna choose to take it the positive way and say,
I'll have to pass today.
My penis is raw.
From the wall.
And not intentionally.
It's asbestos in the wall.
Getting into my pants.
Okay, Jesus.
You watching any good shows lately?
Kendall and I watched the studio.
Which I enjoyed despite it.
Everything on Apple TV does make me feel...
um, slightly...
grossed out.
Just the whole slate of Apple TV.
Just nothing about Apple TV shows that feels like
even more...
like I'm getting like my face dunked into a trough.
Well, I think that's on you.
Uh, in case you need to get the asbestos wall situation fixed.
I have sent a few workers in there.
And they'll get out eventually.
They got turned around.
I'm getting calls from the service that sent them over.
And they do wonder where those workers are.
They're in there.
There's ways out.
Maybe they're having a good time in there.
Are they? Maybe?
When they leave, they'll be more rat than worker.
Well, if they're lucky.
If they gain the wisdom of the rat.
That is a gift.
Anyway, what is a blue waffle myth?
For case, I already know.
Blue waffle disease.
What is a blue waffle?
The truth about blue waffle.
Uh, what is the blue waffle and is it real?
Wait, let me just make sure this doesn't...
Okay, it doesn't contain...
It's apparently something to do with STDs.
Blue waffles and internet hoax that highlights
the broader issue of spreading misinformation and damage.
And the damage it can do while a quick search
of the internet is being made.
I don't find many videos blog posts that are
initially claimed that blue waffles disease
is sexually transmitted.
Uh, that turns the vagina area blue.
This is not a real infection or condition.
And it's completely false.
Or if you Google certain sonic images,
maybe it's a little too real.
You know what I mean, Case?
I hate watching you laugh.
I really...
It's hard. I'm trying to be nice,
but it is hard to sit next to you.
So as Peter's Ben's resident demon,
is he more diabolical than the hype train?
I'm not a demon.
I'm just a guy who lives in, frankly,
unoccupied space
and I'm finding ways to use it.
If anything, I'm bringing a lot of value to the office.
Is blue waffle?
Is that the name of one of Jay-Z's kids?
Blue maybe?
Um, is Peter older than Munch?
Well, I do like to say,
and I said this to the workers
to try to calm them down.
You know, a day in here
is like a hundred days on the outside.
So you can really take your time
because you're going to either way.
What were we gonna talk about?
We're supposed to be doing news.
Um...
Biden.
Joe, uh...
Joe Biden.
Joe Biden.
Joe...
Biden, uh...
negative
vibin.
I just came up with that at the top of my head case
for this Biden story.
Ahem.
Setting this up.
Doing helpful work here for everyone.
Uhmm.
Okay.
I need a Biden pic real quick.
Oh, that's fun to say.
I need a Biden pic real quick.
Okay.
New book reveals how Biden's inner circle
kept cabinet from him.
New book reveals how Biden's inner circle
kept cabinet from him in final two years of presidency.
Which cabinet?
His presidential cabinet?
Oh, there's another comment.
Do you use cases bathroom or just go in the walls?
What if I told you both?
Could that blow your mind?
Back to you, case.
We're in the middle of the story.
He forgot who George Clooney was.
No, they're best friends.
They are?
That's his best friend.
It is?
You don't know anything about
this beautiful president of ours, former president.
Some members of former president Joe Biden's cabinet
did not believe that he could be relied upon
to perform at 2 a.m. during an emergency
by the final year of his presidency.
According to a new book from CNN's Jake Tapper
and Axios' Alex Thompson.
They needed a whole book to tell us that.
I think it was pretty fucking obvious just from
ever seeing him.
It's fun to be crash case,
but this man is a public servant who is trying his best.
He's very obviously in the throes of dementia,
basically for all four years of his presidency.
Jake Tapper always waiting to make money
before telling the news.
He can't help but have books cost money.
I just mean, look, I'm glad that CNN's finally come around
to the shocking observation that Joe Biden
was experiencing some form of mental collapse,
but I'm glad if there is a tell all,
but I think we could have told ourselves.
Well, but now we're telling ourselves
what we may or may not have already known.
Several secretaries told the authors
that Biden's inner circle grew so small in 2023 and 2024
that even members of his cabinet weren't included.
Access dropped off considerably in 2024
and I didn't even interact with him as much,
said one cabinet secretary.
Oh, explain that instead of briefing Biden,
the secretary would brief other senior White House aides
who then briefed the president.
The cabinet member thought it was a strange
and wondered if it was a way of filtering out
particular information and directing
Biden's decision-making according to the book.
Well, look, I think these right wing hit pieces,
when are they gonna stop?
This is from CNN.
This is, we're reading this article on CNN.
So if you think that's super right wing,
I do think they're kind of centrist,
but so sad that CNN has become so right wing.
The one time he didn't have his aviators
and there's the sun to get the revenge.
This is a cruel photo that you chose.
You picked it.
I just Googled it.
I just Googled Biden in this.
I didn't notice the color despair.
I just thought he was squinting beautifully.
Trump hasn't had a daily briefing in three months.
I'm not trying to debate the merits of
dementia president versus dementia president.
I think Trump has his own very obvious
mental failings as well,
and there are other people in the world
that we could have as a president.
I'm just saying, case is corrected.
Yes, the president is making the decisions,
but if the inner circle is shaping them in such a way,
is it really a decision?
Are they leading him to something?
The cabinet secretary wondered, why are you laughing?
Cause it's hilariously cruel
what they're doing to this man's legacy.
All you can do is laugh while you cry.
I'm not seeing any tears.
Well, that's just because of what the walls
have done to my eyes.
I don't wanna get into the walls anymore.
The new book, Original Sin, President Biden's decline,
it's cover up and his disastrous choice to run again
is being released on May 20th.
Ouch.
Wait, oh, sorry.
They were leading him to ice cream.
Sometimes a little common thing doesn't work,
but I do see you IG when I...
The book is based on more than 200 interviews,
mostly with Democratic insiders,
almost all of which occurred after the 2024 election was over.
Even when Biden's, before Biden's disastrous June 2024 debate
that led to his decision to exit the race,
Tapper and Thompson write that Biden
had been showing signs of his decline over and over again
that were either ignored or explained away.
By Jake Tapper?
I would argue, yes, Jake Tapper was one of the people
not really asking the incisive questions
about the extremely obvious mental decline of Joe Biden.
But we don't, you don't have like a clip montage
to prove that, right?
No, I don't.
It's just me, I'm not gonna make a clip montage
to prove an obvious point
that I can't trust what you say, Kayce.
I bet Jake Tapper was sounding the alarm the whole time.
And what do you expect him to do?
Say something over the course of the four years?
He's trying to keep this country together
because the president can't
because he's experiencing mental decline.
You can't ask people to do it all, Kayce.
Loose lip sync, ship.
Sir Bricksy said you can lead a president to ice cream
but you can't make him stop supporting genocide.
Put that in your book, Jack.
Dang.
Kind of the president's self owning himself there.
See how mentally sharp he is?
He's turning those knives inward.
Saying, yeah, I can criticize myself.
So why are you all doing it?
I think minus the mental decline.
I think if Biden were sharper, unfortunately,
he would have been an even more insidious advocate
for the still ongoing daily slaughter of Palestinians
which you can hear about every morning
if you check the news.
It's just constant.
See, I can't talk about the wall
but you can talk about really depressing ongoing genocides.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I think, I think,
I don't really think that's an actual comparison, Peter.
Okay, that might be a fair point.
In a statement to CNN,
a Biden spokesman criticized the book saying,
we continue to await anything that shows
where Joe Biden had to make a presidential decision
or where national security was threatened
or where he was unable to do his job.
In fact, the evidence points to the opposite
who's a very effective president, right up until the end.
And just don't think about what happened at the end.
So effective he literally could not run again.
He could have.
He graciously stepped aside
in what will be remembered
as one of the most presidential decisions of all time.
I didn't know you were such a Biden advocate.
I'm an advocate of anyone
who's experienced the calmness of the wall.
What?
Just saying, once you've been in the wall,
you can spot someone who understands the way of the wall.
And Biden is a wall warrior.
What the fuck is going on in the wall?
Oh, I thought you didn't want to know.
I thought you didn't want to know
because you don't want to see how I've decked the place out.
I am mostly scared to see.
IG818 says, did you know depending on the ice cream,
it could be positive or negative.
Rocky Road was bad, Strawberry was great, only insiders, no.
See, I want IG818's book.
Rocky Road to Strawberry, the story
of the ice cream presidency?
We should workshop the title,
but I would read a book about Biden's ice cream preferences.
You'd read a whole book, read a whole book.
I'm that big of a fan.
Peter understands the way of the wall
and Vance understands the way of the couch.
That's true.
Sort of a real yin-yang situation there.
You can't have the wall without the couch.
You can absolutely have both of those things
totally separately.
Really?
Think about it.
You want to just have a couch without walls?
And if you have walls, what are you going to sit on?
Really think about what you're saying, Case.
The way of the wall is the new folks way?
I kind of hope not.
People should study it.
Because what I've got going on in there should be studied.
Peter, how do the new places walls
compared to the old apartment so much?
Just going to say this, so much more.
The wall is so much more than any simple apartment
could ever be infinitely more.
What are you looking at right now?
What aren't I looking at right now, Case?
I broke it.
Case, I broke it.
It's stuck this close to my face.
Look at it.
It won't zoom back out.
Case, I broke it.
How do we get it back to normal?
I can't.
Jesus Christ, Peter.
This is why I can't trust you with anything.
It's just as close to me.
There's nothing I can do.
This is just where it is.
You know?
I have to do everything around here.
I have to do everything around here, Peter.
What, what are you going to do?
Check this out.
I just fixed it for you.
Or did I just fix it?
For me.
Oh, it works again.
Okay, so look, there's a book talking shit about.
There's a book talking shit about the president
that is being spread in slightly more liberal,
left-leaning media sources is the main point.
Wasn't Peter a producer before Pepito?
Never forget.
I was the OG.
You weren't the original.
The original was like a guy who kinda looked
like the old men from the Muppets.
Just so you know, I can't remember his name.
Then there was Mancini Smooth.
And then there were a bunch of others
and then there was you, Peter.
Peter.
Oh, we got a regular bin historian here.
Maybe the only bin historian.
Errrrr.
Maybe Pepito can go into the wall, undercover,
disguised as a rat and get some intel
on this unwholesome situation.
Oh no.
No, no, no.
I don't need another religious figure in there.
What?
Are you making the rats worship you?
I wish.
I wish I could get those guys under control.
No.
They've got a lot of competing face in there
and it has caused some sectarian violence
that I do not care for.
Okay, well, thanks for lightly covering this Biden story.
I think you can go.
Or I can stay.
I could stay right here, case.
We could do a little hang.
I made a wall pie.
I could explain to you what a wall pie is, case.
I don't want, stop, Pepito.
I don't want to know what a wall pie is, okay?
Yeah, you don't deserve the music.
I thought you were going to try to be nice to me today.
I tried as hard as I could, Peter.
This is me trying my hardest.
This is as nice as I can be to you.
Just get out of the wall.
I am out.
I am being called back though.
So I must return or I would stay
because I do feel friendship brewing between us.
That's it.
I'm just going to hit the graphic.
Oh wait, but I want to do an outro like, oh.
Boom, it's about damn trailer y'all.
Oh, my ass looking booked up today.
Dang.
Dude, I get confused for celebrities all the time, man.
Just the other day someone stopped me on the street
and they're like, are you tin pool?
And I was like, thank you, but no.
I don't think that's like a comparison
you want to be getting, young blood.
There's a requested movie actually, Chris.
Who's my parole officer in case you don't know.
He's legally required to be here for some fucking reason.
Tim Pools cools hell.
I think that's Deadpool's brother.
It is not Deadpool's brother, man.
You don't want to be compared to him.
I think he's like, I think he's Ryan Reynolds,
like the hot Ryan Reynolds in Deadpool.
I think his name was Tim Pools.
Look, we have a requested trailer.
Why don't we start with it for once?
Kung Fury 2.
They're making another one?
All right.
Sure.
It's been a while, but I'll take it.
You ever see Kung Fury, young blood?
Isn't that like, should we watch the original
for people who don't have context?
Wasn't that like a music video
that then kind of became a movie?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is a trap.
You shouldn't know any of this.
This was popular 10 years ago.
Dude, memes are like classic cinema now.
We passed them generationally down to the young ones
so that when people say,
have you ever seen the Kung Fury music video,
everyone's like, obviously I have.
Anyway, let's watch this first as a primer.
Got a permit for those guns?
I've got your permit right here.
Pretty good.
No, it's not gonna work.
I'm gonna get it.
Nah, it's not Kung Pao, it's this.
Anyway, then it also became a movie, I think.
But it was this music video.
All right, I'll give it to you.
That song does kind of slap.
It is pretty good.
It's pretty fucking good.
I never saw the movie because I'm fucking busy.
No, you're not.
I'm fucking busy, man.
I don't have time.
So, but maybe if the trailer for the second one is good enough,
then, well, let's be real.
I'll never watch it, but I hope the trailer is good
because I do count that as seeing the movie.
So, let's see what we got.
It's 10 minutes long.
Wait a minute, it's a 10 minute sizzle reel?
Shit, maybe this is gonna be our only trailer for the day.
It's a full-ass 10 minute sizzle reel?
I don't have that kind of patience.
It's 10 minutes, young blood.
This will be a good exercise for you.
Things can be longer than three to four minutes.
Three to four minutes is already insane, dude.
They should be 60 seconds or less.
You can do this.
I believe in you.
Come on, we're working up to you maybe reading a book?
That's...
Look, man, you can't just ask me to lift 300 pounds, okay?
If I just started working out.
This is crazy.
We're gonna do this.
He's gonna make it 10 minutes.
It's fine.
This is what streamers do, young blood.
They put on a video and just stare at it.
That's allowed.
All right, I guess I'll give it a shot.
This is fucking crazy, man.
Chaos, world's number one rock band
is also the world's greatest crime fighting team.
They are the Thundercops, Ariana, Tricerica, Fury.
What are you gonna do, Kung Fury?
My job.
Oh, shit, Kung Fury.
They're on the military to clean up the streets.
But when the worst criminal of all time unleashes an army of darkness on Miami,
it's time for the Thundercops to take down the Kung Fury.
And send Adolf Hitler to Adolf Hell Tlair.
Strap in, gear up, and hang on for the ultimate version of epic thrill.
Okay, so that's the whole trailer.
Oh, shit, it's not.
Oh, shit, they got an actress?
Goddamn FBI agent in the world.
Fury, meet your new partner.
I hear you're the best Miami's got.
That means dick all to me.
You want to catch Nazis and you follow my code?
We follow the police manual.
I'll play by two rules.
Rule one, in this fucked up zoo life,
there are too many lions trying to eat the innocent monkeys.
So when a lion gets loose, I eat that goddamn lion.
I eat its ears, nose, testicles, the whole kitten caboodle.
Then the other lions realize that's pretty fucked up,
and they stay in their stupid cages.
I eat lions every goddamn day.
If you're not prepared, do the same.
Hang up that hat, walk out that door, and you never come back.
Catch my drift compadre.
I'm not your goddamn compadre, fuckstache.
I don't give a shit what you are.
You want to make a justice omelet?
Let's crack the promise.
Whoa, you never told us your second rule.
You can actually do that if you try.
Stay out of my way.
It's a no bullshit renegade FBI agent.
It's still a trailer.
This is blowing my mind.
It's a no bullshit renegade cop.
They may not see eye to eye,
but when brush comes to shove, they have each other's back.
I think it's time we stop using rule number two.
I don't want you to stay out of my way.
I want you to stay in my way.
You're like a goddamn brother to me, Jerry.
You're the best damn cop I've ever seen.
Oh shit, he's gonna die.
Nothing will ever tear us apart.
No!
But when a mysterious threat cuts cold magnum out of the picture,
type one doom.
Kung Fu Ray makes it his mission to find the killer and make them pay.
Kung Fu Ray, a movie.
There's still more.
That was when Kung Fu Ray quit the Thunder Cops for good.
The Thunder Cops are stupid.
The teamwork is bullshit.
No, An. I work alone.
There's still five more minutes.
This might kill me.
Kung Fu Ray, Porter, CRJ5, Miami News.
Sorry, babe. I don't do autographs.
Tonight's top story.
Crime rates are going through the roof and Kung Fu Ray is doing nothing to stop it.
How does it feel?
I talked about my feelings once.
Got a damn good cop killed.
I found this at a crime scene today.
Oh, shit.
Son of a bitch.
But it turns out, Adolf Hitler is still alive.
How the hell is he still alive?
I threw that son of a bitch into a volcano.
We have a damper, the most deadly villain from across time to aid with our attack.
Now the feast is taking over America.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is the president of the United States.
Must be after our deadliest weapon.
The patriot.
Time to take out the trash.
I know a shortcut using my second grade dimension.
The internet.
Yeah.
Come in.
Right.
There it is.
Now only Kung Fu Ray and the Thunder Acres.
Oh, shit. David Haslop too, I get.
And now the president's stop Hitler.
Before he unleashes his most diabolical weapon ever.
Holy shit.
Come, Shucks.
You and me in Taekwondoom, this ends now.
There's just one thing.
Is it Michael Fassbender for some reason?
Oh, shit it is.
I thought you were dead.
No.
But I was your partner.
It was all a cover.
I joined the Nazis and became Taekwondoom.
That was a bad guy the whole time.
Good.
Because I secretly wish you were a bad guy anyway.
Because you're such a shitty partner friend.
Good.
Is that really nice heartfelt card I got you for your birthday?
It was actually for somebody else.
I didn't even know it was your birthday.
I don't even remember what birthday card you're talking about.
I guess I probably threw it away without looking at it because I don't care.
It was on your desk for six months.
Not that I noticed.
That was another card that happened to be the same card
but from somebody else way cooler.
Nobody cool ever gave you a card for anything.
It's your piece of shit, cop.
I'll just fucking kill him while you were all waiting.
Confucius traveling across the town.
Oh, shit, all right.
And space to reunite the Thunder Cops.
Calling the Thunder Cops.
Bring away, cop security.
For the biggest commission yet.
I'm here to kick some Nazi ass.
And to smoke some cigars.
Thunder Cops.
Time to take down this asshole.
From the creators of the smash hit.
Calling fury.
This is a sizzle reel?
This movie of all time.
The Nazi stone force hammer.
They destroyed my village.
Oh, shit, there's still more?
I can't let them get away with this.
Baskender.
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Alexandra Schiff.
Jermak Takone.
Elin Young.
Lebrouden Wilson.
Dynamite.
Tricerica.
Okay.
And the castle has half 9000.
We need to save those damn pups.
I'm on it.
Okay.
All right, I'm prepared.
Mr. Fuck of intense action.
Awesome niffs.
I mean, I think I saw the whole movie, I guess.
Two?
I almost passed out, dude, but I fucking made it.
I'm proud of you, young blood.
You watched 10 minutes of the thing.
How do you feel?
I feel a lot headed.
I got confused by all the plot twists and turns.
Well, there were a lot more than there usually would be in 10 minutes.
I never want to do it again.
Really?
You didn't enjoy yourself watching a thing?
That required any patience at all?
No, man, it hurt the whole time.
It was good.
The thing that they made does appear to be fun and has lots of good bits.
And it's kind of visually fun.
Okay, so you liked it.
I liked it, but also it hurt.
It hurt my soul to watch a thing that's 10 minutes long.
So I could never do it again.
That was my one exception.
Well, Chad gives it.
Guess what?
Boom.
Look at all the beautiful celebrities.
We did it.
We did it, Joe.
Congratulations, Kung Theory.
I'm confused.
What happened?
Lovastrizi said it was mired in distribution issues and had legal holdups.
So does that mean that the whole movie exists and has for a while?
I can't tell.
The sad reality of Kung Theory 2 is one of the linked videos that we could watch.
Look at this.
They got a big-ass legal disclaimer on this video, actually.
Let's see.
I'll use my reading abilities.
Copyright disclaimer under 107 of the Copyright Act 1976 allows this made for fair use for purposes
such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research.
All rights belong to their respective owners.
So I guess they put this out, but they're legally covered by putting that down there.
I guess.
I mean, that's got to hurt.
You make like a hit super viral music video with David Hasselhoff,
then you do make a movie, but then the movie gets caught in some kind of weird legal limbo.
So then you release a sizzle reel that then maybe gets a release the movie someday.
I don't know.
When did they start making this?
Kung, was there a Kung Fury one?
There is.
There was.
Was that Kung Fury one that was then mild and legal distribution?
Or is it Kung Fury two that was mild, mired in legal distribution issues?
I can't quite tell.
It was like 30 minutes long.
Okay.
So there is a 30 minute long one, and then there is this full length second one.
Probably.
Don't hurt yourself trying to think about it too hard.
Let's just hope that the popularity of this sizzle reel, which is currently actually not
sitting at that many views.
Unfortunately, I guess it hasn't been leaked that widely.
It's only got 215,000 views.
You're one of the you're an early adopter on this.
I always said I'm one of the top 215,000 trailer watchers on the internet.
And I think we proved that today.
We did.
You really watched all 10 minutes of it.
We'll be back on Friday.
Maybe we'll actually come through some of the recent trailers.
There's a Superman trailer and stuff.
There sure is.
And if I find the time, I'll watch it.
It's two minutes alone.
Again, I've pushed myself today, so I can't push myself that hard.
What the hell?
It's Kendall.
Hey, Kendall.
Guys, it's Kendall.
She's not appearing on screen, but she's it.
Whoa.
She just leaked out of the wall dimension.
Are you streaming today, Kendall?
Which is hottest new streamer Kendall in?
Guys, you want Kendall to stream?
They're going to say yes.
Oh, they're saying no.
Sure.
You got a sure.
There's a yes.
Guys, you're not hyping this up enough.
She's never going to stream unless you shower her with praise.
I want Kendall to stream.
We're getting more and more words out of this.
Do it.
Yes, please.
We got a please and a demand.
Oh, and propaganda is not sure.
Damn, it's kind of undoing it.
All right.
In honor of Kendall, maybe streaming.
Let's watch this Superman trailer.
She's revitalized me with energy.
You're not going to watch it with it.
Oh, I thought I didn't know that's what you were asking.
Are you being serious right now?
Wait, Superman.
This is sorry.
This is someone breaking down the trailer.
I don't want to see the trailer.
You don't want to see the trailer.
I don't care.
Oh, she doesn't care.
I already saw the majority of it on Twitter.
She saw the majority on Twitter.
So we'll just watch it without her.
That's fine.
Mormon wives, I'll text you.
It's fine.
I didn't really need to watch the trailer with her anyway.
Wait.
This is a serious question.
Serious question.
If Sage and I made a reach out YouTube series based on the
Secret Lies of Mormon Wives season two, would you guys
actually be interested in that?
Should Sage and I actually do it like the Vodcast podcast?
Like, should we actually do it?
Like, does anyone actually care about that?
To be fair, probably only certain people here have watched that show.
So they might not.
What's the point of us watching it?
It's just like a watch along.
Oh, it's a watch.
It's not like a review.
It's a long podcast.
Okay.
We're reviewing as we watch.
They're saying yes.
And more enthusiastically than even before.
Mormon wives.
It's a show.
Yeah.
It's a show about, um, what's it about?
Figure lives in Mormon wives.
Yeah.
What's that about?
Mormon wives.
Oh, it's about Mormon wives.
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Okay.
Sure.
Whatever.
Okay.
I don't need it.
But this trailer, as far as I know, is about Superman.
Because it is called that.
So let's find out.
Are you being serious right now?
Yeah.
You'd let me interview you as Superman.
Sure.
Oh, she knows he's Superman.
She figured it out somehow.
Ready?
Let's do it, Cronkite.
Superman.
Miss Lane.
Recently, you've come under a lot of fire.
With those men, it's a lot of fire.
It's a lot.
That didn't even hurt him, dude.
Today, the Secretary of Defense said he was going to look into your actions.
That's funny?
My actions?
I stopped a war.
Maybe.
Not maybe.
I did.
In effect, you illegally entered a country.
This is how you're going to be?
I'm not the one being interviewed, Superman.
Did you consult with the President?
No.
You seemingly acting as a representative of the United States.
I wasn't representing anybody except for me.
Around the world.
And doing good.
I would question myself in the same situation and consider the consequences.
People were going to die.
Hey, buddy.
Eyes up here.
Boy, sir.
He's not a man.
He's not?
He's an it.
Somehow become the focal point of the entire world's conversation.
I will not accept that.
I claimed your boots.
Go get them for you.
Oh, he slipped.
He slipped at the end there.
Have a dog.
No.
Okay.
He has a dog.
Yeah, the dog was early on in the trailer.
Sort of, you know, sometimes you gotta end the trailer on a joke.
He fought one of the monsters from Kung Fury there for a second if you saw.
Like the dinosaur thing?
Are they doing the Avengers too?
Because some of the Avengers showed up.
No, DC people showed up.
Hawk.
Man.
Man.
Okay.
And Adam.
Guy.
Yeah.
Green.
Hello.
Okay.
Probably another one showed up too.
If you look closely.
All right.
Well, it does look pretty good.
I mean, you know, I like James Gunn.
Let's have some fun.
Am I supposed to be impressed by that?
I don't know.
Lubechef was there.
Oh, maybe he shows up.
Probably not.
Well, we'll never know until we see it, which I already saw it because I watched the trailer.
But it's the second trailer you've watched.
So I guess you've seen more of this movie than plenty of movies.
Yeah, I've literally watched pretty much 200% of it by watching two trailers.
So that is all the time we have.
I've really pushed myself today.
We watched almost a whole movie.
You watch 10 minutes of a sizzle really close to a film.
Someday maybe we'll get there.
Don't hold your breath because I mean, it did almost kill me.
So stay safe and stay strong.
And also I know that you can because I do know that you know what it is.
We'll see you soon.
Bye-bye.
The fires.
Oh yeah, we didn't even rate that one, did we?
We didn't even rate it.
I'll give it a five.
Pretty good trailer.
I'll admit it.
Okay.
I need to talk to a plane.
But for some reason, my beloved software is misbehaving.
One second.
Let's try this again.
You know, usually just while I'm killing time waiting for this thing to look.
I have my camera set to 4k today because my computer's been
maybe a little overtaxed by my stream.
I set my camera to 1080.
So let me know if you notice a huge difference.
I'm sure everyone was like, wait a minute, case is not nearly HD enough.
The stream is output at 1080.
So I doubt it makes literally any difference.
But my computer doesn't need to be running on the whole much better.
Okay.
We need to talk to Trump's plane.
You can tell a difference.
No.
You look awful, case.
I can't see your pores and it makes you look worse.
You can see my pores usually.
I have dog vision.
Humans just look like a bunch of pores to me usually.
Well, okay.
Let's see if there's a plane.
What the fuck?
I see zero.
I don't see any difference on my end, but I'm looking at just a little preview image.
So normally I would obviously, you know, rent out a huge.
I'd put on a huge 100 inch TV to then watch myself.
Okay.
Have you found a Papito signaling that he has found Trump's plane?
Um, all right.
Thank you for joining us.
Are you sure this is the right plane?
Okay.
It's got the presidential music.
So I guess it must be.
Thank you for joining us.
Trump's new plane.
Zoom, zoom.
Vroom, vroom.
Zoom, fastest plane in the room.
Hello.
You're a jet.
Yeah.
Really, really one of the best, probably the fastest plane.
Very roomy.
Six showers in here.
Full beds.
Everybody's been really impressed by how many beds are in me.
You look like a normal sized jet.
That's the bit power of everyone saying that's the power of Arab technology.
That's what they call it.
I'm not, no, and everybody gets bothered when I call it Arab technology.
That's what it is.
And I think it's some of the best technology there is.
And we should take it.
Should be ours.
We're going to take all of their technology and we're they're going to succeed too.
Everybody's going to get a really good plane.
I've got one of them and I am a good plane.
Okay.
Um, you hit.
I was, I wasn't done talking.
I have got jets and I've got propellers.
You're just a jet.
I'm pretty sure you're just jet.
There's also I've got all the every jet every propeller.
You split the technology down the middle and they made me use both.
Why not use both?
Okay.
If anybody has any questions for Trump's plane, let me know.
From not my brother, are you going to talk to Trump's new plane or his old plane?
That's about to fall down some stairs and get buried on a golf course.
That plane is already missing.
I talked to it.
I said careful on your way home.
You're very old.
You might get lost.
It did.
Nobody's seen it in weeks.
I flew him over to the Middle East.
Me took it two minutes.
That's how fast and comfortable I am.
He got two minutes of the most restful sleep he's ever gotten.
Woke up feeling totally refreshed.
Said I've cracked it.
You'll have to sleep for two minutes if you're on a nice enough plane.
Which is me.
Okay.
The jet is totally bugged.
What?
Are you bugged?
Have you checked yourself for recording devices?
A lot of sensitive international convo-
International diplomatic conversations probably are going to take place on you.
What kind of security do you have?
The most more than any other plane.
Um, I've got a lot of guys.
A lot of guys have been all over me.
Raching into me, pulling stuff out, putting stuff in.
Stuffing me fully.
I would do anything.
I'd do anything for the president.
And I'll take anything.
I took it all.
Why do you talk like that?
What do you mean?
Um, the jet is better.
Is better.
Not a jet.
I'm a commercial, super compact, missile deployment, um, carrier.
What?
It's, it's the new thing.
And I'm that, okay.
It really looks like you could fit one, maybe two people inside you.
And that's the optical illusion of elegance.
An elegant design seen from far enough away.
Looks like just a speck of gold in the sky.
And that's me.
You know, you don't really even sound that much like the president.
I, why should I?
I'm a plane.
Okay.
Um, are you made by Boeing?
Proudly made by Boeing.
And, and that's why I have the ability.
Some people say, uh, a jet, I'm a jet so beautiful the whole sky stops to take a look.
Every time I fly through it.
And I'm proving that right now.
I froze the sky with my beauty.
I'm traveling right now.
Hundreds of thousands of millions of miles per hour.
People don't even know how fast I am.
They haven't figured out how to measure my speed yet.
That's how advanced I am.
Hmm.
Okay.
Uh, jet is your dad trapped in the wood.
My father is a sultan.
I don't think that's what they,
this is sound right.
I'll just put it that way.
Hmm.
Probably not to you.
Are you, are you, you have a problem with me because I'm middle eastern jet?
No.
If anything, you seem like an American jet.
And also you said you weren't a jet.
You gave yourself a whole complicated name.
Oh, and now you're trying to tell me what I'm supposed to call myself.
I don't even, I just, uh, can you smell the corruption on the plane?
And what does it smell like?
Does it smell like, for instance, KFC?
Oh no, corruption actually smells.
Uh, it's not too exciting, but it smells like champagne.
And, um, it smells like champagne.
It smells like obviously, you know, old sex.
Old sex.
What was sex between, well, sex that old people are doing that might involve young people.
I'm just saying that's what it smells like.
I'm not saying that's what's happening.
It's just what it smells like.
And then the drugs they're doing don't have much of a smell because they're mostly pills.
Okay.
But I'm not, I'm not, don't speak for me.
I'm not saying they're doing that.
I'm saying that's what it smells like.
Oh no, I fucking deleted it by accident.
I don't think they should be called planes because it sounds like plane.
They should be called fancy because they should be fancy.
Do you think it's fair that you're called a plane?
I don't think it's fair.
I think I should be called a beautiful air magician.
I, or fancy.
One of those two.
Either way, plane is very boring.
And I refuse to call myself that.
Jet is okay, but I'm not one.
I'm the thing I said before.
And we're working on a new name.
People are working on new names for me every day.
And I'm guaranteed to have whatever they call me.
I know that they're going to call me beautiful because frankly,
once you've been inside me, you know how good it feels.
Okay, let's just do two more.
Do you enter the plane through your giant mouth?
I'll open up wide and you can walk inside me if you're,
if you got to be really important.
You want to get in this mouth, just not letting,
you know, not letting any dentists scrape around in here.
You're going to have to earn it.
What are you bringing to the table?
You got any gifts for me?
I'm not just going to, I'm a valuable plane.
I'm not just going to give it away for free.
Um, I bring you the gift of conversation.
Nope, you're not getting on.
Damn it.
Okay, last one.
Old sex smells like expired mayonnaise, does it?
Somebody knows how to do politics.
Propaganda, you get it?
And you're allowed on the plane.
Because I can tell that you understand how to make deals.
And this is a plane all about deals.
I'm not powered by, by gas.
I'm powered by deals.
Also, I'm assuming gas.
Deals.
Are you even moving right now?
Well, there's no deals happening right now.
So currently I'm not moving.
But as soon as a deal happens, I'm going to zoom out of here.
If you're not moving, you should be falling.
What?
No.
Whatever you do, don't look down.
Okay.
I think you might be currently caught in ACME rules.
Uh-uh.
I'm using my float function.
That's a plane.
Planes are better than boats.
So obviously we can float.
Where do they fuel you up?
Boardrooms.
Where deals happen.
I have to fly by cities.
And then I get powered up by all the deals.
Okay.
Anyway.
Oh, what's that?
Oh!
I told him not to look down.
That's $400 million.
That could have just crashed anywhere on the planet.
Probably insured.
I guess it was a gift, so.
Could spark an international incident though,
because it does look a lot like a military jet.
Okay.
We have one more news.
We have to do a New Zik.
You know what?
We'll have DJ New Zik do the thing where he goes through the news fast.
That'll condense things for us.
We'll do a little bit of condensing today.
Uh, then we'll get out of here for the day.
How much blood do you need on your hands?
Hey, I can't be blamed for that.
The plane, I told him not to look down.
I tried to warn him.
I expertly ascertain that he was caught in an ACME
situation where he was floating in the sky and he'd fall if he looked down.
I can't, the Pope was, it's not even, I can't win, so it's not even right.
You did it though, and I should know because I'm the Pope.
You're a different Pope.
You're the Pope of this stream.
Pope's no Pope case, and I'm Pope.
I'm Pope and all, oh God, I'm Pope and all over the place.
What did you just eat?
The body of Jesus.
What?
Anything I eat, I can say is the body of Jesus now.
That's one of my Pope powers.
It's not just crackers, it's also sludge.
That's not a Pope.
You, what do you know?
You're not!
Plane assisted suicide?
That wasn't...
He could have lived.
The plane's supposed to be really good, so maybe it lived.
Maybe he, um, maybe someone painted a hole in where he fell,
and then he fell through the hole and then he fell through the...
someone else painted a hole in the sky,
and now he's just falling in an infinite cycle.
If he's caught in acne rules, that is.
No, he probably died.
Or she.
Or plane.
I don't know if we should gender those planes.
You slurping up slime near the radioactive elephant's foot
of expired jolt cola cans?
I went through all the jolt cola supply.
Supposed to have an infinite supply, Popeato.
And I finished it.
Do you have any more?
Cause I'm feeling sleepy since I stopped.
You do not sound sleepy.
This is the most tired I've ever been!
Give me more jolt cola!
The Pope demands it.
Okay.
We're gonna send it to DJ Newzik.
Okay.
Cause we gotta run through all the stories that we didn't...
Well I would say have time.
I guess we didn't make time.
Uh, and I'm sure DJ Newzik won't make it horribly confusing
as he tries to rhyme every headline on the fly.
And it'll be very informative,
so let's find out what he's got for us.
It's time for DJ Newzik.
Oh baby.
Yes!
It has been entirely too long y'all.
Since we have made love to the news.
But that's what we're about to do today.
You know what I gotta fire off immediately.
And it rhymes with laser.
Cause laser rhymes with itself.
It's lasers.
I gotta turn my lasers on real quick, just a sec.
Oh baby.
There they are.
City lasers.
Yeah power up!
Get going y'all.
What are these lasers doing?
These lasers are sleeping.
Come on.
Oh there they are.
Yes!
Oh baby.
Okay.
Apparently there's a lot of news.
Case...
Just didn't add the energy for.
Well I'm powered by the infinite love of beats and grooves.
So I'm not afraid to cover every single story
that's in this bin thread.
Let's see what we got.
I got a lot of shit to open up just a second.
Oh my god.
Every time I open a story it asks me if I
if I want it to open.
So it takes a while.
ESPN Vod Check.
What?
Kevin's got a sue y'all.
All right.
Oh my god there's so much news.
American Gladiators.
Okay.
There's still more.
Case needs to stream more often.
He's got an insane backlog of stories here.
Jesus.
We're gonna crash the stream if I open up more stories.
Okay I think we got...
I think we're caught up now.
You know I feel like I need a co-host if I gotta cover all this news.
Case always has co-hosts.
I know we usually bring someone out at the end but um...
I hear Trump got a new plane.
So I'm gonna bring on Trump's new plane as my co-host.
You know what actually...
Let's see what else we got.
Oh the whole planet.
Planet Earth.
Oh I got a talking globe y'all.
Who better to cover the news with me than a talking globe.
Let's bring him in.
It's been too long since I talked to the entire planet.
So please welcome to this time.
Oh you want Jake?
We'll just do Jake instead actually.
We'll save the talking world for later.
I like I like the idea of just doing this with Jake.
Does that hurt in you?
AHHHHHH!
That music was too intense?
That was a little bit much.
Can we do something soft?
How about a soft easy beat?
Soft easy beat.
Can we do that?
Alright.
Soft easy freestyle beat.
I won't even put in trap because that sounds too intense for you.
This is chill freestyle type beat.
Breathe.
Oh thank god.
Okay.
Yay!
It's comforting.
Okay.
Jake.
Jake.
My name's Jake.
I'm Jake.
Yep.
I'm Jake.
Jake.
I am Jake.
Hi.
Yes.
I'm hollering Jake.
Alright you want to cover the news with me?
Uh.
Young man.
I'm not that young.
Nearly 40.
Oh.
What do we got?
What's going on in the world?
Are you?
Is this you singing?
Kind of.
I'm mostly scared.
Woo woo woo woo woo.
Alright alright alright.
Sorry these stories take a minute to set up
because there's a million ad blockers that
all of these websites hate.
That case refused.
You should really just uninstall these
and just let the ads run free.
I guess.
But I'll cover the headline and then I can come to you
for a little counter pointer or whatever you think.
Chimps use healing words, plants to treat each other.
They wound and clean up after sex because they are all chimp
brothers.
They can care of each other.
They're chimp lovers because they're chimps
and they're nice to each other.
With the leaves and the trees they do what they please.
Chimps also have needs and they grieve.
They do.
Chimps can grieve.
Do you believe that they grieve?
When a chimp dies does the mother cry?
I don't know.
Tell me why.
Why do chimps die every day I ask God?
But he doesn't respond.
What the fuck's going on?
I rhyme myself into being sad for the plate of the chimps.
Anyway they use leaves to clean each other.
Isn't that cute?
Um yeah I mean I didn't know that they did that.
I did not know that.
Look they do social grooming
but sometimes they use leaves.
They use leaves like little wet wipes or whatever and that's cute.
Bring my beat back.
Okay.
Good job Jake you covered a story.
No I didn't like it.
You didn't?
No I can't tell I need to do another one.
All right.
Um.
A detailed look at liver queen
and my love her controversies
a rise to frame that totally
changed her life irreparably.
Who the fuck is liver queen?
Do you know?
I don't know.
What the fuck did you do before?
Viewers of the new Netflix documentary
Untold liver king
will be familiar with the old age adage.
And here is that thing.
What use is a liver king without his queen?
Do you know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
You're just lonely if you're only a king.
That means you gotta find a beautiful queen.
And like your liver you're processing man.
You're processing all of the things that come in.
Into what?
Into your body.
Meaning that you need a real special hottie
because if you're eating penis from yaks
then you need a lady who's got your back.
So a liver queen.
Liver queen.
Liver queen.
Liver queen.
Turn us up in my headphones.
I'm terrified of the how quiet it is.
Turn it up and reset it.
All right we might have to hurry up
because we're taking our time on each of these stories.
All right.
Jesus these websites are awful.
The liver king review.
I'm rarely this nauseated by anything.
We didn't say.
We don't get to say only in America.
Complete with the raw smile and a shake of the head.
Enough anymore.
What?
The things they have.
The things they have are either too serious
or we are closing in on their achievements with our own.
Boris, Knifings, our police.
Untold the liver king grants us the boon.
Once more for the liver king aka Brian Johnson
is a phenomenon from before.
Only in America stand through like the stick of a rock.
Though in his case you probably thought
he had to say a stick of salami.
What the fuck is she talking about mommy?
Salami and stuff.
Liver king eats cause he could never have enough.
He's eating maggots if he calls bluff.
He's eating intestines and nasty stuff.
You know?
Yes.
And there's a whole documentary about him I guess is the point.
And it's bad?
It's bad I guess.
I guess they don't like it.
They don't like it.
But maybe that was the point.
Liver king and he's making a point.
The kind of nasty food that he's a points into his stomach.
Like he's smoking a joint.
What?
Smoking a food joint.
What?
Puff.
He's fucking light and those food blunt.
What?
Smoking up a food blunt cause he's a liver king.
And now he's high and he's at his my man.
Cause he smoked all the food up.
He's a liver king and he smoked up a food joint.
But it wasn't a good joint.
No.
It was bad.
All right that makes, whatever that's fine.
That makes enough sense.
Let's move on.
Matthew Coma says he encounters around 12 penises
every day at the gym.
And not the ones you want to see.
What?
Um let's just watch his TikTok and then we'll get back to.
This isn't a TikTok.
This is a screen cap of a TikTok.
This is another story there.
They just are quoting a TikTok without linking to the TikTok.
Just a second.
I gotta, I'll get to the bottom of this.
One moment please.
Show me his TikTok.
If he's talking about dicks on a TikTok,
just show us the TikTok.
Okay.
Um dang it they're not linking to it anywhere.
Matthew Coma.
Show us the video please.
Who is this?
All right we just have to read the story.
There's there's no, we have to just listen to them describe this TikTok.
There's no other option.
Um all right.
What's the deal here?
The gym has been an interesting place for Matthew Coma as of late.
In a pair of videos shared on his Instagram.
Here's what he had to say.
He's seeing Jenna tell you at the gym
that he recently started going to.
And why it's weird for him.
Okay.
Um listen.
I go to LA Fitness just for every day.
I used to go to Equinox but what can I say?
Everybody just wants to fuck.
Talk and socialize.
I've had enough.
They want to network.
So I switched to LA Fitness.
But they're still giving me the business.
It's named Coma at 37.
Filming himself in the car.
Yeah.
What?
How is this news?
I don't know.
It ends from the sight people.
So this is the thing that a person did?
I guess their point is people fuck at the gym.
Fuckin' at the gym.
Every day that I work out.
I can't get enough.
I got my muscle up.
But I also fuck.
That's what I do.
Man.
You know you're really good at this, Jake.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I try.
You do?
Yeah, I'm really trying.
Fuckin' at the gym.
I got my muscle up.
But I also got my penis up.
And now it's getting sucked.
Every day that I fuck.
It's at the gym.
But I don't fuck.
Because I don't believe in that.
I think that it is bad.
And I wish that the gym was just for working out.
But it's not anymore.
Oh whoa, whoa, whoa.
Can't you work out at the gym anymore?
You just have to go there to get sex and stuff in it.
And I frankly think that it's a bore.
I wish you could work out at the gym.
Okay, thanks Jake.
That covers it.
We only got a couple.
Oh, we got eight.
We have to go faster, Jake.
I'm doing this.
I'm, you go faster.
All right.
Hideo Kojima has an amazing idea for a forgetting game.
Where the main character gradually forgets
important information and abilities.
If you take too long of a break from playing.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
I ain't any kind of beginner.
I play all my games every day.
That's why I'm such a fan of Hideo Kojima.
Uh-huh.
No mistake.
I'm slick like snake.
Forget every day.
I don't hit the brakes.
My name is Jake.
My name is Jake.
And my name is Jake.
That's true.
Your name is Jake.
Okay.
That's my coverage.
All right.
There's more, more though.
Oh, okay.
Watch hundreds of rattlesnakes come out of a mega den.
Coolest thing that you've ever seen.
Have you seen this?
Jai?
You have a son that's no, don't show it.
Got to show it.
It's in the news, man.
We have no choice.
Pause that.
This is hundreds of rattlesnakes pouring out of a den.
It's a mega den.
Or, we don't know these snakes of political affiliation.
It could be a mega den.
Why is one snake so much big?
Oh, oh my God.
Whoa.
I thought that was a still frame.
But no, that's a video.
Is that a snake orgy?
God to be f***ing.
Jesus.
Oh, why'd you make us see that?
Why?
Turning up on my headphones.
Oh, no.
No, the snakes are also at the equinox.
And you know what the snakes do there?
They all f***.
It's a snake orgy.
I've seen enough.
Please take a snap and just start working out.
Why do the snakes all f*** at the gym?
I wish the gist would work out in the gym.
But nope, they all f*** at the gym.
Please talk that out.
I don't like it very much, y'all.
Snakes are f***ing at the gym.
No, too.
The gym's a hole, but the hole, the hole the whole time, it was in their soul.
Gym's f***ing at the snake, y'all.
Gym's f***ing at the snake.
The snake is named Jim and he's f***ing at the gym.
And he's a snake named Jim.
What the f***'s going on with that man?
Just do a bench press.
Haven't you had enough of the sex?
Yes.
All right.
Thanks.
Yep, that covers it.
Okay.
How about this?
WWE star The Miz will host American Gladiators reboot.
How do you feel about that?
Finally!
Triumphant music, please.
Triumphant music.
Please change the beat change.
Triumphant trap beat.
Yay!
Yay!
First, but with The Miz 2,
Miz Kick.
Like my name's Miz Kick.
Kick it off this shit.
I love it.
Yes!
Yes, Miz!
Yes, yes, yes, Miz!
I love it, Miz!
I love it, Miz!
You're a fan of The Miz?
I like all women.
All right, whatever.
Let's move on.
I'm just gonna move past what you just said.
Left-wing Punnock claims border agents stopped him at an airport for two hours
questioning him about his views on Trump and Gaza.
Noted a Twitch streamer and a popular leftist content creator, Hassan Piker.
Kind of familiar with this story, basically they stopped him.
As he was trying to re-enter the country,
they seemed to ask him leading questions,
making him feel that he was most likely stopped for his political views.
You know, his left-leaning politics.
Why are they doing this now?
Before you could come in the country,
but they changed the game up somehow.
Now when you come into the country, you gotta go to the gym.
That's not even what I used to be.
When I went to the gym before, I didn't even have to fuck there.
Oh no, now they sent you to the gym and you gotta fuck right away.
And they said, well, you're a politics anyway.
Then you gotta fuck to prove that you belong in this country.
But I say enough.
Well, they mostly just asked him,
they ran through his tweets and his bands and stuff.
I don't think they made him go to the gym.
He's so big that they made him go to the gym where he can't work.
He just has to have sex.
And that's bad.
He's bad that they do that.
Okay, well, just a couple more.
You're almost there.
Jerkoff introduces Bill to make Al porn a crime.
All right.
What?
Okay, well, okay, that'll cover that one.
Then we're out of the music again.
We need even more.
We only have three more.
You're so close.
Gerard Dipper do found guilty of sexual assault given 18 months suspended sentence.
A Paris court has found Gerard Dipper do guilty of sexual assault
and given him 18 months suspended sentence.
I don't want to rap about this one.
It seems serious and it feels bad.
So I think I just won't.
Whoa.
All right.
That's probably a good choice.
Chiefs super fans, Avere Babadour known as chiefs,
a holic sentenced to 32 years for Oklahoma bank robbery.
Why do you have to rob banks now?
The banks used to be for taking out money.
But if you were a customer, but not the whole game change,
isn't that funny?
It's time for money.
Now it's for feeding the money.
Oh man.
I used to just be a chiefs a holic goddamn.
That is sad.
It's so sad what they done here.
You said just want to play football, but now I must rob the bank.
Discount Wednesday, AMC theaters to dramatically slash movie ticket prices
beginning July 9th.
We actually already covered this one.
So I think we pretty much made it to the end.
That's the end of my tale.
I told you my whole story.
This is my life.
Putting out my heart and soul into my rhymes.
And every day I'm to come in crimes.
I do crimes on the street and I do it to survive.
This is actually not my story.
I forgot what I was doing.
And that accidentally started doing some troops.
Please forgive me.
This is not my story.
And my heart was not in these lyrics.
But I put my whole soul on the table.
So just it.
Okay, Jake.
I think you did your best.
I got confused.
I got confused at the end.
That's all right, Jake.
It's two loves.
Three love.
One love is one love or two loves better.
I think one love.
Zero love is more or less good.
One love just means unified love.
One huge love ball.
But not an orgy.
Okay, I'm done.
Bye-bye.
No.
I don't send me down to the smoke.
You go past the smoke pretty quickly.
He'll be fine.
It's the smoke is mostly just above the trap door.
So he will be all right.
We didn't take the Sonic quiz.
So I guess we'll just do that Friday.
The details in the proposed bill about making all porn illegal is actually really fucked up.
Like Big Brother is always watching you levels of crazy.
Oh, I thought it might have been a bit because it was on some site called Letters from God.
But we can read it if it's if uh if I did not give it its due time.
Wait, let's go back to it real quick.
Where was I?
In accordance with project 2025 Republican Senator Mike Lee seen here at CPAC
exaggerating his manhood.
I see that.
I see what they're doing.
Just introduce a bill that would make all porn a federal crime, not revenge porn, not defakes all of it.
The bill is broad.
It'll ban sex scenes, nudes, even sexual drawings such as anime and whatever else they decide is bad for you.
I would advise the supporters to fuck themselves if they come through,
but they might have some trouble with that now because of the actual ban proposed
by this guy doing a dick show.
He seems to be signing a dick show.
Look at my dick.
It's about three inches.
Yo, now whoa.
Well, that'd probably be bad.
I think arching overarching bands on an entire genre is probably a mistake.
But with any luck, it will not pass because people love to fuck too much.
Damn.
And I'm sure the details are even worse if I got further into the story.
But unfortunately, I do think I gotta go y'all.
About that time.
You're gonna stream?
Kendall's gonna stream when you want to start soon?
Well, I can read.
Rage you if you do it.
And then the next, do you want me to keep going?
Tell you stream?
Well, she says she doesn't need my disgusting raid.
I'll raid your sister if she's on.
Yeah, I just finished.
Oh, yeah.
We are done.
What if you play?
We setting off into that LA sun, even though it just set.
He's going for a drive.
Out of it.
What the fuck?
I don't know, but she did.
All right, let's raid that tea latte.
We raided after another hard streaming day.
How do I spell her name anyway?
I always forget that there's two little Tays.
All right.
That's it.
The raid message is Kendall wants to make the raid message.
This is the raid message.
This is the raid message.
How dare you play Marvel rivals without your sister?
How could she do it?
So sinister.
How could you play Marvel rivals without your sister?
She's your flesh and blood and that simply is wrong.
We're gonna make her feel so bad by the time that we're done,
which we are.
That is it.
We sending you out because we're done with this shit,
but stick around in this town.
Later on today, we got a candle stream going down.
Thank you all so much.
It's always a pleasure to just get so new sick with all of you.
The rate message to repeat it again is how dare you play Marvel rivals without your sister?
And as usual, if the beat kicks back in in time,
I will just start randomly trying to rhyme your names.
We got dead or list with the K and E and the rest of us.
Well, you will just have to wait and see.