I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
Who everybody?
Fiona's neglected dog outlasted Fiona?
Do you hear that Pepito? They're slamming your mom.
I- she's- who- who's neglecting who?
I feel totally taken care of. Thank you intern.
Nice baritone? Oh am I lower than usual?
Are you dropping your voice lower?
Maybe I finally hit puberty.
Wow, congrats.
I've been waiting for a while.
Good to see everybody. Uh Pablo Diablo Matlidel. We're doing some music later.
Oh look at that guy. He's excited. I worship shadow. Bits?
Pepito getting fed cheese?
It is, but maybe.
Debateably. I gotta turn those cheeses up. You're so quiet Pepito.
I enjoy cheese at my own volume.
Oh my god.
It's popping up right away. That hype train is on a hair trigger.
Thank you so much for the bitch to start us off today.
Chet did hit puberty out about in the womb still.
Chet is one of the first babies to ever hit puberty wall.
I think still a zygote.
Oh yeah.
Oh my god Pepito's getting so much food today.
Um, damn.
Hype train? You doing alright today?
Where's the hype train?
The light right here.
Hey!
Oh, oh!
I'm so echoey today. Didn't hear too much music at once.
Oh!
What the fuck?
Wrapping over my rap? I'm gonna start rapping over my rap.
No, we can't have that.
Why not? Cause you can't handle that.
Chet in the back. I almost do the same kind of rap.
So much is happening right now.
Uh, yeah, that's your fault.
No, it's not enough.
More stuff at once.
How much more stuff at once do you want?
I want more stuff at once!
Where's my zoom?
I set up on a different thing. I still have to plug in my second computer.
Get that computer plugged in so you can zoom on my face.
Yeah.
Can you thank people? That's your one job. You have one job.
My only job is to eat piss.
Which is a hype. Hype piss.
The hype that you piss out is what I consume.
So in a sense, my job is to eat piss.
Not in really any sense.
Well, well, that's what you think.
Thank you so much!
Microphone 924 months at the Or 26.
I can never tell. Yes, Mr. President.
Oh, the president's not talking today.
So, Rick, he said how much does the Hype train charge for a train ticket?
I have a lot of free time these days and wouldn't mind taking a trip to Cleveland.
He had to warm up. He was really thinking about what he was going to say for once.
How much does the train charge?
Do you have it like a ticket fare?
Uh, it costs you, I think.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, 100 bits.
100 bits? Is the official fare price?
400?
So that you can make a graphic for an all-in-all board whenever anybody donates 400 bits?
You're just making work for me.
Well, that's what I just said. Now it's true.
But the graphic doesn't exist yet, so don't donate that much yet.
But now case will make that for the next stream.
Uh, we do need a new sub goal.
Although tomorrow, Saturday, special Saturday stream,
I have to ask Kendall when she's got an appointment at some point.
So I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna play Bubble Ghost while she's at her appointment.
And when she gets either before or after, we might play some Overwatch.
Cause she wants to play, not Overwatch. Marvel Rivals.
Oh, so Overwatch?
Oh, okay.
The total was 10 human souls.
Yeah, 400 bits, the same thing.
Every time you give 400 bits, it's 10 human souls.
But case has to make the graphic, so don't do it yet.
How good do you think this graphic is gonna be?
That'd be incredible.
The Royal Rumble IS tomorrow.
But we'll play Bubble Ghost to get people going for it.
I think it'll be in the afternoon.
Because we have an appointment to get TSA Pre-Check approved,
which we've decided to do this year, around 4-ish.
So I think I want to do it like sometime between like 10 and...
Start sometime between like 10 and noon.
There's a cream play thread.
But Trent's talked about Bubble Ghost so much.
I think we have to do Bubble Ghost.
Do you think it'll be the Final Four and the Rumble?
Me and the hype train?
My brother... not my brother asked me.
There are 100 bits! Where's my whole beats?
Give me my Rocky Four! Rocky Trap Beats!
That's...
Eeeeeeeh...
Eeeeeeeh...
More Rocky Trap Beats!
The new beats of the hype train.
I only have so long to live every day, case.
And I need those moments of life to be surrounded by Rocky Trap Remixes.
Eeeh...
Oooooohhhh!
My god!
You gotta... you also never think...
Finish thinking people. You barely think people.
I'm on top of things, don't worry.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-on
Ba-ba-ba-on
Da-da-da-dah-ma-ma
Zero one, zero one, zero one hundred bits!
Jesus! You set it down.
Training on the streets, running up the stairs every day.
Pumping my ass up every time 100 bits from Uncle Phil 2K.
We got Apple Depple. Never a hassle.
Training on the stairs 100 bit, that's it
Okay, who else?
Oh yeah, in the ring always hit him with the 1-200 bits
Coming in from City Love Zoo
We got five community selves from Gargain
Hitting the speed back everyday, here's the thing
I'm the hype train, never lose
Always on the back, you know I'll improve with my hands
That don't exist, I'm hitting it hard
Knicking the corner and he's getting hard trucking off
Yo, five community selves from worship shadows
Worship shadows and I'm worshiped with the night
Hype train, I exist only at night
But I make you feel so right
When you're in the back and you're keeping it tight
Like my voice's too loud, I go on and on
Baby, baby, baby, you know I got a bone
Did you know it's too long?
Back in the day, he used to do a porn
And he said that's okay because I got a nice Italian stallion
Yeah, like a thousand bits
Which is about what I get
Every time that I pop off, man
Send me the brain, another give-and-me-bran
Because they popping up the hype is so insane
Woo!
Thank you so much for the bits
And Giggle Trash, don't forget Giggle Trash
And show this sick beat that you're playing, case
That's the wrong, that's not the sick beat
This is the wrong thing
That's the sick beat
Look at that beautiful drawing
I'll let you decide which image you liked more
Whoa! How'd you manage to do that?
They beat me, you're high
Hype train with me, they love you today
They love me every day, that's a demand for more
More Rocky Trap remixes
Not ace up Rocky, literal Rocky
How come there's no more fully Rocky the Movie Trap remixes?
I have the tiger, here we go
Ugh!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I like the chance of having a little hug
This is good, everything happening right now is good
Look at this, look at this beautiful fan edit
You have fucking fired up for the news that's eventually going to happen, I swear
But before we get to this important news that you see right here
The hype train is still alive
Don't do that, this is a non-news stream
Stop claiming it's news, this is mostly a hype train stream
And that's courtesy of propaganda
Not V1, but V2
And CD1's V with 100 bits
Oh shit!
I've been driving a donkai with you in the car
And the wings are what survive
You saw a mate love that a part of these beasts like a boxing guard
You know what filled it with, I don't know what never did
A legal fucking guard's cause I'm so inspired
I broke his face with my shot at my top
But the time I'm driving every box to drop is cause I'm a boxer now
I'm a boxer dream, not a boxer, I'm a fighter, man
Jesus Christ
Hype train's popping off too hard today, not with the rap so much, but with the levels
It's the rap that inspired the hype case you don't understand
ATW with Ham Taro, I'm not gonna say no to CV loves you
Hype train here, do you know Ham Taro?
Do I know Ham Taro? What if I told you I'm full of Ham Taro's?
The primary teachers that ride hype train are Ham Taro's band
They ride every day
They not a gerbil
And you know that they not a rat
They Ham Taro's not hamsters
If you bitches can understand that
And I know that you can cause you're chatting the back
With the Ham Taro's you always on top, man
But Peter popping off going Super Saiyan dog
Meaning that he's not a Super Saiyan God
You're full of Ham Taro's?
Yup, that's Canada now
You've had so many things inside you
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Yup
Jesus look at him gun, he loves cheese so much
Look at this fucking hype edit
He's mostly looping the same couple
Beat enough, not the first time Hogan
Hogan hasn't just been owned recently by crowds
He also got beat up by Rocky, never forget that
Shit no hype train bringing the hottest thunder lips
I don't stop, give me a smooth baby
You know it's a shock, like better yet
Every time it's a thunder storm when I pack
I'm talking about lightning lips, bitch
Giving dome then it's electric
It's a gooey hamster sludge in there now?
Yeah a lot of the Ham Taro's did die
Ham Taro's sludge and you showin' me love
Ham Taro's not out there, one big sludge
Ooh, don't get near to ya
Because I'm full up in a cuba yacht
Hamster, well Ham Taro
Are you saying Hamsters are not Ham Taro's
Ham Taro is its own species
Ham Taro's could only procreate with Ham Taro's
Because their genitals are sandpaper
How does those work at all?
I don't even have to ask them
Okay well, I'm still alive
Yeah, he's really really surviving a lot today
This is the only new show you can crack a brew to
Yeah I mean, it's not news though
It's mostly a hype train stream
Well right now because you're here
Well I also gotta thank Pablo Diablo for the 100 bits
I gotta thank CV loves you again for the 100 bits
And I gotta thank the Gigantify from Card King
And I think Dilemma
I'm fucking, you're making me forget Dilemma
It's not my fault
What the fuck
When the lion's hungry
Eat
What is this one?
That's the wrong one
Ah, I know that's better
What's going on with this picture?
This is early in the Rocky theme
See that boy one
Brr
Whoa
Hey
I'm hyped
Five subs
Hype
Trains
Always alive
Because they all hype train guys
They know that the hype trade lies, I'm full of Hamtaro's surprise.
Is that a lie?
Oh I do lie.
Oh yeah, you're powered by lies.
I'm powered by lies.
Okay.
But was that a lie?
Smart thing you was not trusting.
The capital?
Capital C.
Blunder spread.
Five subs also want me showing it out.
The farmer in the field and he's blown the spread and in the everyday.
The farmer is never doubting the prowess of the train as I chugged on the tracks.
Me and Hamtaro's with a shed in the back.
They're eating the Hamtaro's such a game in powers.
They're getting stronger in the back hour by hour.
Power by the Hamtaro's snudge.
Chat in the back, girl, we showing me love.
Their muscles, they start to ripple like chat.
Cause chat in the back, they know what's best.
Their bullies, their bellies, a bull genial.
They ate two more sludge, baby, now it's all out.
They're shitting up the sludge and it's power in the train.
And I'm powered by lies, babies, that's all the same.
Are you powered by the Hamtaro's sludge?
Defecated by chat in the back or lies?
They're the same, is what I said.
Right.
Yeah.
So much life today.
You do have a lot of life.
I don't really know what to do with you.
Let's play a train game.
What's a train game?
Okay, I'm just going to Google train game.
Train game.
An online free online.
And then the hype train can show us, I guess.
Train games on crazy games.
Metro connect.
I don't want to sign up for anything.
Oh, yeah.
I hate it.
The train here is a train.
Listen, I'm Jack.
It's Kimber Jessman with Jam 300 Shiny Tasty Coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Someone say sludge was in my old Paul Kord pop.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Look at this train game.
You connect the things and it gives you money.
With the train.
Now all the train games you can see.
You connect the train dots and tap them to make them faster.
Look how many trains I have connected.
Looks like I don't have enough money.
Now I do.
I connected even more trains.
Tap to make the game faster.
Okay, make it as fast as possible.
Looks like I beat the game.
There's nothing left to do.
Okay, now connect you and you.
It's true.
Look how I do.
I can't.
What do I do with my train?
What is this game?
It's a train game.
What are the settings?
The only settings are sound.
Up or down or off.
Another train's no stop.
Upgrade the trains.
Oh my God.
Look how fun the train game is.
Apple Apple gets how we live.
So does Skymer with the 300 bits.
Did someone say sludge?
They did my kids.
The hard game with the 200 bits.
They want to see the train game.
The hard game.
Also wants to see the train game.
Upgrade the trains.
I have survived.
The high-framed is still alive.
The hard game has nothing to say.
Just stares at us with those eyes.
Surprises.
Upgrade.
You just upgraded the train.
I don't know why the trains just walk out of fire.
But these trains do outmine.
Do these trains lie?
How do I upgrade the trains?
They be turning off the sound.
That just got rid of that beautiful song.
We're back with the trains.
Upgrade the game, man.
Upgrade.
So many bits are pulling in because they are the train game.
Listen up, Jack.
Clubs are just my Mijam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Mr. President, your back is looking.
Have you been doing your customary several push-ups?
Because I got to say, guys, the president's back,
which is right in front of me, is looking svelte.
Hype train, are you sure you want to keep playing this?
It seems like it's just one of those games where you just wait.
And you gain currency by waiting,
and then you just click things.
And you need to thank Card King.
And see, he loves you when tickled trash.
For keeping the train game alive.
Because it could never die.
I'm saving up my money to open this.
Check this out.
Boom!
You never suspected that the train game could connect.
Land over sea.
Connected so easily.
But we need more money
because you know that these trains aren't free.
To move!
Mr. President!
Gonna connect to move!
Listen up, Jack.
Della Mono, Mijam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
It's my lads.
Case, have you ever smelled such presidential lads?
Yeah, that smells...
Smells kind of like a fake flower scent.
Sort of smells like a...
Like a funeral.
I can see that.
Listen up, Jack.
Give a trash just Mijam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
What's that?
I did not have sexual relations with that train.
No new corn pops on my watch, Jack.
You just didn't lie.
You never fucking lied.
You just said you didn't.
But I'm powered by lies.
And for another train surprise,
can I connect this train to move?
I can see that.
No!
No, no, no, no, no!
Wow!
Jesus, this train is fucking undying today.
He's only got a minute left though.
Maybe you just regard number one pale city loves you
and pickle trash knows that it's true.
Auto-click, auto-click every two minutes.
Oh, what did I do?
Now the train game!
Ignore the reward!
Holy shit!
I'm still- no thanks.
I don't want your reward.
I'm a real train gamer.
Oh my God!
I've trained this never dying.
But I am always lying.
Yes, I understand that you're powered by lies.
Okay, change.
I can-
Well, Frito, the best from CV loves you.
Oh my God!
The best in the mighty.
Ah, the card game?
Here's the thing.
10 subs, my motherfucking king?
They understand that the train can't die.
So they keep that height alive because of the train game.
They only have this one song.
The new energy colors?
Yeah, they do change every five.
They do be changing every five.
I don't know if we've made it to ten actually.
Sure we have.
Well, heavily.
You might not have made it to five.
There's too much hype happening!
Hey!
Jesus, this one's swirling way too intensely.
I didn't only get to north from here.
Well, we usually don't make it this high.
Yeah, but now we're at ten.
Level ten, Kendall.
What, Kendall's here?
It's the Kendall hype train.
Look, we finally made it to the swirling monstrosity of level ten.
Level 12 of just Mama Jan, 300 shiny.
I think since I made all these unnecessary graphics.
We need a level 25 hype train today, folks.
It's just the American thing to do.
Oh, God, level 25?
Oh, you should do it! Do it!
Okay, well, you don't need to force it.
Oh my God, we're powering Jesus.
Jesus, that's too much support!
And it's never enough.
I get it.
Kendall, can I have any thoughts?
On level 11?
On level 10.
They did.
I probably made it level 10 where I'll help Rakeslute.
You won't. It's not your choice.
These are the laws etched into reality at self-gaze.
You can't control the swirling mass of hype.
Oh my God, there's too much coming in.
You need to thank these people, hype train.
I don't want to serve you offend to everybody.
The limit is kind of ten subs, and my dilemma is,
do I eat shit or do I cry with joy?
Why are those the two options?
It's the options.
Come on, that's insane.
I can only express some of the emotions with a mouth and eyes.
The maximum amount of emotion?
The pitot is eating so much cheese.
Listen up, Jack.
Cracking an Just Mama Jam 300 shun,
he tasted coins and I've been dying to say this.
Listen up, train, new pain.
I never messed with someone this insane.
You take your stack and smoke your bacon,
your ass like Alma Roca.
And then you jizz, jizz, jizz, jizz, jizz, jizz.
You can hire and move your caboose bowl.
Oh, no.
You ran out of juice at the end there.
You dropped bars for a second.
Whoa.
This is a crazy time to be a train.
You also got one bit from Dingle Trash.
Be sure to call the one bit.
I will.
You also got a hundred and another hundred from Uncle Phil2K.
Do you know how much that adds up to?
What is this, the Sesame Street stream now?
Yes, 300 bits, case.
Do you know how much 10 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10 plus ten plus 10 plus
10 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10 plus 10
and ends up to...
A hundred?
I don't know how many I said, so...
you failed.
And to daddy,
five community subs.
This is not too much.
I really might actually make it to level 11.
Well, nothing that exciting happens at level 11.
Maybe you don't know that.
What?
You don't know that!
Stop underselling it.
I mean, the colors might change.
Different colors, okay.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
What's personal about it, Kenji?
Listen up, Jack.
The mid is just my Majin.
500 shiny, tasty coins,
and I have been dying to say this.
Yes?
Uh-oh, he's still...
that doesn't have anything to say.
Oh, my God.
Sometimes he's not weird.
Sometimes I want a summer.
The mighty Oz
just spent 500 bits into my train home.
And I'm smoking it out.
Do you know that this is
a psychoactive substance that smelt the pores out?
But it was like your fist.
Oh, my God.
It did change colors.
Wow!
It changed colors!
Oh, yeah, I forgot I made it change color every time.
Tam Tram, you're keeping me so well.
I think I'm alive for the next 40 years now.
Four minutes.
40 years is what some people are saying.
But then 10, level 11 is now what the level is.
Level 10 was nothing.
I shit on level 10.
Level 11 is what I've been talking about now.
Um, the audacity to think you would actually get here?
I know.
Well, I didn't really understand,
because if I set it really low,
it will only take one sub to bump up a level.
But I guess that's not how it works.
It gets harder and harder.
It gets better and better.
So I made way too many graphics
before I really figured out
that that was an insanely high number.
40 more years.
40 more years.
But also, it's kind of good otherwise
all of these graphics would be going off every stream.
And it's a lot of swirling.
It's not enough swirling.
It's more swirling eventually.
Kid, do you have any news you want to report?
What level is this?
It's level 11.
So, you know, more stuff does happen,
as it's more and more.
From what I remember, at least.
Oh, no, we lost our train music.
Oh, we didn't.
Not that I like the track.
Give it up, you love this train track.
Oh my God, look how rich we are in this game.
I am so good at this game.
Look at this.
I'm not going to, you can't really see it very well
because of all the graphics, but I've got 3.2k dollars.
This is a train, this is how trains work.
This is the very realistic representation
of the train economy.
I just maxed everything out.
We got nothing.
We got a level 15 once?
We definitely have been way high up.
But not, I think back then I didn't have all these
very important graphics.
Some of which aren't actually going off.
Let me check one thing.
For maximum train experience.
Um, okay.
Okay.
What do you mean?
It's so normal.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what should be happening.
Good, now that's on.
That's important.
Good, now I feel like we're actually hype training appropriately.
The backgrounds are supposed to keep changing.
And now it has.
That's the power of level 11.
Um, I don't even know what level you're at.
Oh, you're at level 11.
Yeah, this is guys, you don't also,
you don't have to get to level 25.
That's what he says.
It's just you don't, it's, I don't know.
It's a lot more levels to get to.
I'm on a train right now.
I hope it's not going to hell.
Well, it depends what level your train is at.
Kendall, any Kendall news to report?
She says no.
Is the cat cam on?
Let's do a celebratory cat cam.
Even though whenever I click on another program, it does.
Unfortunately, and that hype train music.
Oh yeah, look at these guys.
They're not doing too much right now, actually.
They're not super visible, but.
In a huge, in a huge piece of news.
Oh my God.
Matt Liddell just slams six fresh newses all over our face.
Did that only bring the hype meter up 7%?
5%
For six?
Subs?
That doesn't make any sense.
Oh, it was a gifted sub.
Still, that doesn't make sense.
This thing needs to be on way more of a hair trigger.
This is cost of, oh Jesus.
Oh God, thank you.
Damn Trance.
You absolute, what the fuck?
20?
Shouldn't that just get us to level 25 on its own?
How does this hype system work?
It's a logical system.
This is how it has to work.
Damn Trance gets it, and that's why they're in charge.
They're now the king of the stream.
I guess they are, but what does that even mean?
They're the king now.
Do what the king says.
Um, well thank you.
Yes, Giggle Trash also slamming in the subs,
keeping me permanently alive and playing my train music.
Exponential?
Then we'll never get to 25.
No, don't say that.
Please just get way more viewers.
Well, that might be a challenge if all I do is talk to a train all day.
That's where you are.
I hope it's not exponential.
Me too.
I don't honestly, I should figure out how it works.
I have it set to like, the lowest possible.
The lowest possible setting to gain hype,
and it still requires this much.
I'll tell you what, also requires this much, my train gain.
Oh look, I can upgrade my income, and my expi-
Oh!
Well, it's appropriate.
This is stupid.
I feel sick in a way that I don't like.
What does that mean?
I'm perfect.
Be right.
That's not a good way to think.
I'm fusing with case.
That's the power of the hype that's happening right now.
I'm making case fuse with me.
No, you're not.
What's that?
Every five, they do a different thing.
Every five, they do do a different thing.
Um, what is even happening?
I'll tell you what's happening.
The absolute masters of the universe, dilemma.
Dropping five stars, bundle sprout.
Just being a total psychopath.
My kind of train.
The bundle sprout's not a train.
You can't prove that.
They're a train.
And the train that they just learned in town came in with 20 subs.
In addition to the bundle sprouts, it's five subs.
They're superbies.
They're a go-so-sub.
It's all happening.
You need to open presidential libraries for each of the people
gifting all of these subs.
Quack?
We can drop a quack for them.
We can't, I mean, at the least I could do.
But now this train music won't stop.
I guess I could use the game's one setting before dropping this.
Oh, sound better.
Buh-bye, buh-bye, buh-bye, buh-bye, buh-bye, buh-bye.
Ease us, Christ.
Which mangas are those?
Case closed.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, with the cat cam.
Add options now.
What powers the hype train?
That's an excellent question.
Today's the day where we're finding out more about the
question.
Today's the day where we're finding out more than ever.
Obviously lies.
Well, no, but it's a poll, actually, so.
Well, exclamation point O is how you tell us what it actually is.
Come, hand tarot guts, shid, love, and shack.
If you can't see it because of the swirling graphics,
the bottom option there is shack,
which I could be.
It could be that.
The train noises?
You know, do you remember that case?
Yeah, those were the days.
I'm stuck behind this pole right now, but I do remember.
I remember.
Looks like it was shack.
It appears that you're powered by shack.
But you know what?
Now that I think about it, that's a thing you said at one point.
Yeah, for a while I was powered by shack.
Despite having white-ass the driven snow that I crap out,
this is all of my exhaust that I live in.
There's too many facts about you.
You get shack in the studio?
I don't think I can do the shack filter.
I think the shack filter might be in portes.
I could get shack's manager.
Do you guys want to meet shack's business manager?
Well, you could talk to him for a minute.
Can I find shack's manager though?
Don't be this guy.
Oh, yeah.
Oh my God.
S-K-A-M-I-R just absolutely taught in 1000 sweet bits
straight into the great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this.
I give you permission to be shack.
I did get the president's permission,
but you are former president actually.
And also the new president's really against DEI,
so I can only have me one white guy on the stream.
Big J-dub with the 20 months.
And to celebrate, I guess let's talk to shack's manager.
Wait a minute, though.
The shack's manager does have his own music, I'm assuming.
Oh my God.
What's that?
I'm having a good time, bye.
Kendall's having a good time.
Guys, Kendall is having a good time.
The hype train's definitely having a good time.
Oh my...
There ain't no hype train.
It's me, shack's manager.
I love to manage shack all of his business endeavors.
And I'm also excited to be a part of this insane amount of sub case.
You really, for some reason,
Some reason have incredibly supportive viewers that you should be very grateful for, young man,
because as someone who represents someone with actual talent, I don't really even understand
what's happening.
Well, that's me and of you to say right away, Shack's manager.
And you don't even have your Shack music yet.
So who do you think you are coming in here with that kind of attitude?
Well, you'd at least need to hear what a Shack's rap song is.
It's just Coyote and Chiquillo here.
These are some of the lyrics.
What is the Shack part though?
Sorry, I'm going to run this back.
We need the Shack part.
Is Shack actually in this?
Shack is in this.
Here we go.
I got to thank a lot of people.
I'm coming in here, man.
What a manager.
Shack, sign out of 10 Shack entries.
Honestly, Shack can rap.
I heard Shack rap before.
He's pretty bad at style.
If you're that tall, you're just so good at doing whatever you want.
Anybody talk his name.
I think he's about a rap better than Wilson.
He's got a good rap.
He's making a hype-print-style face there.
Anyway, that's our Shack.
Is there a Kazam type beat?
Kazam beats.
This is a Kazam beat.
Is that okay with you, Shack's manager?
I did not give approval to this beat to be a Kazam type beat.
Shack and Shack Enterprises owns every...
has a full trademark over the term Kazam.
Shack food and tall.
We copyrighted the term tall.
With that in mind, I think it's important to thank the underwriters of Shack Enterprises.
Bundlesprout dropping five community donations to Shack Enterprises.
Bundlesprout joined by Card King and their voracious support of Shack Inc.
With their five donations.
What does that mean?
They donated five.
The five stakes of ownership in Shack Inc.
As well as Dilemma.
Count them up.
One, two, three, four, five, son.
Ownership stakes they now have in Shack Inc.
How many ownership stakes are there?
I'll tell you who else has one.
With one ownership stake in Shack Inc.
And Google Flash also added another lifetime total of 108 stakes in Shack Incorporated.
AKA Shack Food Unlimited.
How many names does your business have?
Enough.
With a client this size, I can fit any number of names.
Because he's huge.
He can eat...
They're like, you're gonna need 500 copyrights just to copyright that bicep.
He's so big.
And I should know I'm his manager.
What's your name?
Sack?
Sack Neal?
Sack Neal.
It's an Irish name.
Oh my God.
Purchasing a majority stake in Shack Enterprises is tam-tran.
Where's my Shack type beat?
That's a full-on Kanye beat.
I need another Shack rap.
Oh my God.
Hey, your studio seems to be on fire.
This is insane.
Wait a minute, my studio's literally...
You upset...
Oh, this is not appropriate.
LA's been through enough.
The hype train...
You gotta get yourself under control.
These graphics were made too long ago for this to happen.
Um...
Oh jeez, it's not my fault.
That certain events now make these graphics in bad taste.
It's not normal fire case.
It's hype fire.
Hmm, just know it's only right outside of my studio that's on fire.
Well, it sort of looks like the whole city is.
Um, just like to point out that some of these graphics were made over eight months ago.
Yeah, when the notorious police had never been fires in LA case.
Might want to handle that.
But Bito, could you go get the fire extinguisher?
I ate it.
I ate that up.
Yum yum yum.
Shoot.
More lies, maybe it's a glowing energy that looks like fire, like Goku's stuff.
Yeah, maybe this is just the Super Saiyan God from the movie where it's red before it's just not anymore.
Yeah, then they made it blue.
They did.
Level 15, what the fuck is happening today?
It's a no-news day.
Case.
Our top story is you've got extremely generous viewers who are very dedicated to seeing all of the stupid assets you make.
Oh no, I'm feeling tinge of guilt.
Well, I feel tinge of chomp because I want to eat all of the bits that they fed me.
I see what you have to understand about me.
In cases that I really follow, I honestly can't.
Yum yum yum yum yum.
There's more than enough to eat in a tense.
I really hate the whole story.
Tilemma01 underscore 01 just absolutely pundit 1,000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this, Case, I can't believe you sniff Lil Joey's lats but not mine.
I'm not mad.
I'm not mad.
I'm just disappointed.
Get on those lats, Case.
Mr. President.
Okay.
They were nice.
They were pretty nice.
They smelled like a Hulu executive suite.
Something that I've actually never smelled but I've had described to me before.
And I'm imagining that's what it smells like.
That's pretty good.
Um, Hype Train, you're not doing your due diligence.
I need you to thank all of the people all the time.
I'm trying.
But there's just some restraint today.
Put me in the other Shaq song.
Why is there just Shaq deciding to rap with?
How does Shaq pick the people he raps with?
I don't know.
He seems to just rap with Karna whoever.
He's got a lot of tracks there.
Yeah, he's pretty prolific when it comes to rapping with.
The guys wait.
Go on.
Not Case's brother said he trained with.
He trains her bad.
Man, how's that fuck your dad?
Oh!
Man, hey man, because I fucked your dad.
I'm bad.
Yeah, need a handle, man?
Offer to dad to check him to back.
Wow, you got, you wouldn't, why didn't have similar rhyming skills?
With those masters of it.
You're almost as good as, gone.
It'll flow as I kill those, like free throws.
Something Shaq notoriously killed.
Can you think he's insane, this insane support?
Damn, Shaq!
Not only five community subs in support of Shaq's rap career.
Uncle Phil 2K with one community sub also won a Shaq.
GiggleTrap.
Supporting a general madness on today.
Without any other community subs.
And fuck it, let's be like it.
Let's listen to Shaq rap all day.
Why is that what we've decided to do?
This is not what you decided to do.
Don't play me.
I don't know that you say that.
I do say, I kind of was Shaq didn't feature on these tracks.
I think it should be more Shaq base.
I'm sorry, gone, but I'm here for Shaq.
I got Shaq kicked into a dark abyss.
You're selling my life here today pretty much.
It's all hype and Shaq's finest beats.
And all his favorite people to collab with.
Every time Shaq shows up I get excited.
You can't, this is the kind of celebrity you just can't teach.
Hype Train I'm afraid, you didn't quite make it buddy.
GiggleTrap.
You need that magic, they go away.
You can't teach me that.
No, but with that level of hype, case, come on.
I must, I can...
Um, well.
That was pretty psychotic everybody.
Go back to hell already.
What a run, Jesus.
Was he chewing in his sleep I think so.
He's in the arms of, oh yeah.
Wait a minute arms of the angel trap remix that's got to exist right um
Dealer's choice on whatever sub goal
We could have met there. We are kind of at
980% of Trent gaming so
If anyone who donated as a particular thing they'd like to see on the stream with infeasibility
I'm happy to just do it straight off the bed pretty much if you ever watch if you watch me ever in the next couple weeks
You are now subscribed
Royal rumble watch along
Saturday yeah, we could do that. I think a ham tarot stream. Okay
Well wait royal rumble watch along from card King a ham tarot stream from CV loves you. I can make both of those things happen
What time is the royal rumble on Saturday?
Royal rumble
time
February 1st, I think we'd have to do it on the
Discord if I want to play the video
Or no, and there might not be a way it might just be have to be us all watching it together without me showing the screen
Because I think I will get um
I'll get that hot band hammer if I'm just straight up streaming a
premium live event
But we could potentially throw it on discord. Yeah
That was a ton of subs
Because I didn't update this thing we really have an accurate count Jesus Christ um, oh
Yeah, I forgot I have this thing
Which now might be slightly updated
Tam Tran CV loves you and to daddy I worship shadow street marine
Coming through as always
Thank you so much to giggle trash cam Tran uncle Phil 2k card King
Card King going absolutely wild today skimer
Bondle sprout big J Dub dropping so much love
Matt Liddell uncle Phil 2k Tam Tran just being an absolute psychopath as always
Thanks to my mods to breach in live and sleazy who do have to individually process every sub as it comes in
Yeah, they have to get there down there with their account and things
Thank you. This is my entrance hand by the way
Yes, I guess what I want hands to do and then show them
New sub goal. Yeah, let's make a new sub goal. I guess
You're gonna set it nice and low
So we'll have to do a ham taro stream I
Have to figure what that means that will come after the Royal Rumble stream so I guess on Saturday will
Will do some bubble ghosts with Trent. I do have a meeting at four
It's Saturday at three
Fuck my but I don't know if I can do it because I have a I have a fucking appointment Saturday at four
No
Bubble ghost roms
I'll have to do maybe we'll how about this we'll plan on a WrestleMania
Watch watch watch with that's a little further down the road
But I will have to leave right in the middle of the Royal Rumble because I didn't realize it's in the middle of day
We'll do that on Monday, we'll do a very ham taro based stream on Monday
Yeah, WrestleMania is tonight. So we'll pick whichever night we're more pumped for and
We'll do a lengthy one. We'll do a six hour watch along
however long WrestleMania is
And a salad we have to do sales our theme I have to get a go get a hot dog
Which I was planning to do for this Trent stream tomorrow and then I have to tie that hot dog to a string
I have to flick it into my mouth
The men's rumble will probably start at six after six your time
so maybe
Maybe we'll do our stream
With Trent then I got to go to this meeting and then we'll see
When I come home, I'll see where the rumbles at if I haven't like missed the main one
Then at least we could watch the men's I think it'll probably be last or maybe the women's will be but there should still be a royal rumble left
We have a ton of segments to get to today
So mostly I just want to say thank you I don't I
feel kind of guilty for for
Incentivizing you to sub to that extent just to see a couple of graphics which we still didn't see
Because I said the goal so
psychotically high. Oh
My god, we've even got an AI Rooney today, you know, we can use deep seek we can see how deep seek handles AI Rooney
There's only four matches announced. They've been good at keeping PPV paper views three hours outside of mania
I think I should be back by five. So I should be home
Roughly around the last hour, which I think is likely to be one of the rumble matches
The secret is subscribing in advance. Yeah
There's going to be a Kai Sanat versus I show speed match
I'd pay to see
You know who those people are nope
But I'd love to see them
Is a match when I get fed by them both. No, that's they fight each other and then I
Maybe let's make sure to miss that one. Yeah, we might miss that one
Kai Sanat he technically he's on my list of stories for the day. He's been making robot news
Thank you guys again so much truly I don't even know what to say
That is just so much support
Maybe I can do something about how high
Level 25 is
There's got to be some way for me to turn down
Maybe I make my own hype trainer
I don't know or I could just remake select graphics
So that we don't have to get that high because that was if 200 subs doesn't get us there
Then that seems a little unreasonable
Just a little bit
Get you to what I don't even know it's not even really that worth getting to I
Show speed is going to be streaming from gorilla position at the rumble
So we're both doing wash alongs just two of the biggest streamers on twitch both doing watch alongs
At some point which just insists on the price scheme to try to make that some money. Yeah, that's that's not great
That's not great. Maybe I just need to make my own proprietary
Maybe I make my own hype train system
I have the power because I have stream elements
It will and then I can then I can make and then I can show the
Then I can show the thing on screen you would however it'd be confusing because there would also be the other hype train
Maybe I can turn the other hype train off. It's my own proprietary hype train. There's got to be some setting to turn off the hype train
Thank you for for um, I
Would buy all the railroads
Exactly much like in the classic game that hype train was playing Metro connect
Which um, despite running and it seems like mostly the way to win this game is just let it run in the background
There's the cat cam
Let's turn that off for now so you can see
We've made three thousand dollars
Just by sort of letting it run
It's not really my game to play though. That's the hype trains game
What a crazy start to the stream
We should just wrap it we should just end it now
Yeah, but I can I gotta do stuff
And yet we must press bravely onward. Thank you again to everyone, but now it's time to punish you for your generosity with some news. Hooray
You're having a big day, but for me it's always a big day because it's a big ripple day
Big revelers a throw a big stone in the lake
bloom
Thank you all for the support of i'm assuming me. I wasn't there, but i'm guessing I get some of that money
Um, yeah, I guess
However, that works. I'm rich now
Here to see about of you because in my contract I get all of that
I yeah, I got I sure wait no
Oh, that's our our negotiations work
Is I say something and then case slowly or understands what i'm saying and then he backs down
Yeah, you can't have all that shoot. Well, I'll try to renegotiate in a couple minutes
You like taking big ripples after chipotle if you throw a chipotle in a in some water it'll create some ripples
I don't think that's what they meant. Well, I know what they mean. I'm saying they're dropping some chipotle making the ripples
I'm a ripple man. I get it
The news has invaded our hype stream. Yes
I'm afraid the news is back to claim another victim your hype as we talk about whatever is going on
With a bunch of people that are pretty despicable
Um, all things are now woke
according to a latest
thing said by
This guy
Yeah, this guy right here. Don't do my voice. Yes, this guy. Let me fix this slightly
We're trying a new thing
Or as I read stories I show you pictures
Instead of making you look at the words that I'm also reading
That does seem how most news stations do it
Lesson most news stations don't just show the story
As they're reading it. They don't just show the prompter on screen
That seems wrong. All right. It seems we're honest to show the prompter. Well, look, I'm gonna I promise
I'm reading a story
I'm just gonna show you this true picture of trump's butt while I read it
I think I like maybe seeing the words is better than that. No, this is this is how you do news case
anyway
What trump said about his dc plane crash and his claims about dei
This is courtesy of the ap as you can see here
Trump pictured pointing at people while continuing to say stuff. That's apparently news because he said it
Ford lauderdale the ap reports president donald trump began his white house briefing thursday with a moment of silence
And a prayer for victims of wednesday's crash at reagan national airport. Did you hear about that case?
Yeah, I think we all I think everybody's heard about it at this point. It's really sad and
Maybe it was preventable. I'm not gonna pretend to know but it seems it's it's I think un
questionably awful
Briefings are just to remind him to put on his diaper which surprisingly he's not wearing in this picture. That's just
him in shorts
That is a really classic trump photo. I feel like it really it really captures the man
What he's going on. Is that edited? No, that's just
I mean to be fair. He's like an older guy
Why is he wearing such tight shorts?
It's a lot of I just don't picture him as having that much ass meat
You might have less these older now
You feel like when you're 80 you start to really lose the ass meat and you get the ass bag
So if we updated this to a more contemporary photo
It might look worse
It's the diaper. It could be the diaper. It could be the diaper adding they always say diapers add five pounds
The camera doesn't it's all those acting diapers that you have to wear
I didn't know about that. That's because you're not professional. You've never worn a diaper to really commit
Hmm, it's not saying much you did it you'd hit it
This hmm. Well now I'm really looking at it differently
Hmm
Is power sexy is that what's going on in that photo? This is the world's most powerful man
So I guess this is the most powerful pose
It's a rocket launcher
Yeah, you can take out tyrant with one shot with this thing as soon as you press a this goes straight to a uh pre-rendered in-game cinematic
I feel like I've seen case where a few diapers. I have technically I have committed to the pit and worn a diaper
with video proof
No, yeah, actually not thinking about it. You have done that. Uh, anyway
He talked about the plane crash and as president it's his job to make us
You know feel more unified in these troubling times, which is why
um, he said
His remarks quickly became a diatribe against diversity hiring
Uh, and his allegations so far without evidence that lowered standards were to blame for the crash
But don't take my word for it
As you might say on a children's show. Uh, let's see this very
Normal-looking human here pictured from above, but just know that but still down there saying stuff
Oh, he's muted. Can we unmute the president highest and long before the crash? I signed an executive order restoring our
highest standards for air traffic controllers and other important jobs throughout the country. So it was very interesting
about a week ago
upon
entering office
I signed something last week
that uh
Was an executive order very powerful on restoring the highest standards of air traffic controllers
And others by the way
Then my he doesn't even look down
Is looking down a sign of something
A sign of confidence. I think it's just a sign that he
Doesn't really ever know what the fuck he's gonna say
Then he just skims what he's supposed to say and then says just a bunch of nonsense
Ah, that's what looking down means. Okay fair enough
My administration will set the highest possible bar for aviation safety. We have to have our smartest people
It doesn't matter what they look like
How they speak who they are it matters intellect talent the word talent talent have to be talented naturally talented geniuses
They can't have regular people doing that job. They won't be able to do it
so
I'm kind of with the president that I do think talented geniuses should do every job
as one myself
Nothing's ever gone wrong. I don't I think if you were talented genius jeff you might not be working here
No, it's because i'm so talented
that I've ordained to try to really
Spruce up this fixer-upper of a news station
I consider this charity work and why am I paying you?
To underwrite my charitable efforts
Of trying to make your dumbass look good. Oh
Ouch
We need baby geniuses
I mean, I I guess I agree that you probably have to be
Mentally pretty intense to work one of those air traffic control jobs. Although I do think that's partially because they're so underfunded. There's like
Set, you know seven people doing the job of like 30 guys at least that's what I've always heard
Well, what didn't he heard that and said?
Geniuses, please
Geniuses that aren't
minorities
Well, no, I guess you could be charitable and saying he's saying minorities as long as they're geniuses
Can still do the job
Seemingly though the people that were involved in this
It's not like they were like mentally, you know struggling in some way
Well, but what if I keep reading the story then surely he won't just be saying slanderous nonsense completely baselessly
Trump on thursday appointed to his finger at the helicopter's pilot air traffic controller his predecessor joe bidenway
Trump on thursday variously pointed the finger at the helicopter's pilot air traffic control his predecessor
Joe Biden and other democrats including former transportation secretary pete buda jej
Did it was it buda jej? Did he say?
Let people that can't see planes coming fly helicopters
um, I don't think he I don't think that was one of his
Talking points during his tenure, you know, there's things about pete buda jej. I don't like but I don't think he was
pro
horrible mid-air collisions
I just I haven't read his website. So I don't know if that's in there
Everyone else is at fault. Yes
it's he's in a magical period right now where
He is president currently and has been for
over a week
Over a week. That's true. It feels like longer. Yeah, it's weird how it feels like longer
But he's in the strike zone where he can say I just haven't had time to fix everything yet
Don't ignore the fact that the programs that I'm
Claiming I'm going to get rid of some of them came into effect in 2019 when I was president
It's all the previous administration's fault and it's also
Minorities faults. It's his my it's his minority report. He's seen the future and in the future he blames
minorities. Yes, that is that is seemingly his strategy
And it's working better than it should for now, but I don't know if it's going to keep working
Well, the cause of the crash is still unknown authorities are investigating and have not publicly identified the cause
Or said who might have been responsible for the collision of an american airlines plane and a u.s. Army helicopter
Reporters on thursday challenged trump's claim. Here's a look at how trump responded to some of their questions then they show the video
Um at the as the nation reeled from the deadliest american invasion aviation disaster
More than two decades president donald trump
Basisly blamed diversity initiatives for undermining air safety boy. This is this is such a reward of a story for those 200 subs
Look, we're a news channel. We can't help it if we get 200 hot subs, but the main story of the day is the president being
What some people are calling
Incredibly racist and short-sighted
Some people I didn't say it. Well, you did just say that
Bring back shack. What's shack's opinion on this? Well, he's so tall. He can't actually go to dc
Because the buildings can only be a certain height and he's built like a brick shithouse and a tall one. That's a great point
card king understands and they're saying case hasn't enough subs today. Let's give him one more
I agree with that. I agree with that statement. That's very selfish of you
But I am grateful to card king for donating while I'm on screen dropping the hard facts
Uh
Chakarone time. It's time for shack. I can't show shack. I don't I can't get shack. He's too big to get into the studio
Oh, that's right. We don't have seven foot tall ceilings. It'll just clunk his head everywhere. Yeah, their ceilings are super low
Don't be confused by the wide. It's an optical illusion
I mean, I guess it literally is I don't even know what you're talking about anymore
Trump was asked repeatedly to explain why he was blaming federal diversity and inclusion for uh
Efforts for the crash at one point alleging that previous leadership had determined that the federal aviation administration workforce was too white
You ever wanted that case if your workforce is too white
I think in my very specific case the workforce
It's gonna sound bad, but I think it has to be white or dog or creature
I can't I just can't I can't have other types of correspondence. What about Salazar? Well, he's a made-up nationality
So that makes me or grinch. Yeah, I guess grinch. You're fine with with hiring grinches
I'm not high. It's just who it's just it's look. I can't explain it. Okay
It's what you're saying is very troubling. It's not if you think about it. Well, I'm thinking about it and I'm troubled
Anyway, uh, are you saying that crash was somehow caused under the result of diversity hiring?
Well, let's see if he answers questions in this
But under a diversity and inclusion hiring initiative spelling workers who suffer severe
Article the federal aviation administration. This was before I
got to office
recently second term
The faa is actively recruiting workers who suffer severe
intellectual disabilities
Psychiatric problems and other mental and physical conditions under a diversity and inclusion hiring initiative spelled out
On the agency's website. Can you imagine these are people?
That are as imagined. I mean actually their lives are shortened because of the stress that they have
uh
Brilliant people
Have to be in those positions and their lives are actually shortened very substantially shortened because of the stress
Where you have many many planes coming into one target
and uh
You need a very special talent and a very special genius to be able to do it
Targeted disabilities are those disabilities that the federal government as a matter of policy has identified for special emphasis
In recruitment and hiring the faa's website states
They include
hearing vision missing extremities
Partial paralysis complete paralysis epilepsy severe intellectual disability
Does he think they're hiring people to be pilots that like don't have arms and can't see?
I do think that is what he's trying to I think that's what he's trying to get his base to get mad at
Question is am I mad are you trump's base?
Well, I'm I'm part of the media. So I'm just trying to figure out
What side we're on and right now it's really not clear
Because there seems to be like no resistance to him
So I'm like am I just supposed to be a propaganda arm for him? Can you do you know?
We're not supposed to do that Jeff
Right, so what are you saying is crazy then? Uh, yes. Yeah, that would be my preferred
take
Okay, let's continue
psychiatric disability and dwarfism all qualify
for the position of
Righty throw dwarfism in there
dwarfism sneaking in at the end there
I
Are they dwarves
so he thinks like basically
only physically fit
Geniuses should have any job at the faa
That's a unique hiring strategy
We'll see maybe the faa will become the most funded organization on the planet and only hire geniuses as proven by their ivy league
education which as we all know our
Perfect metrics for discovering geniuses. I see no reason to think that's not the case unless you know some
You know, we'll just keep listening a controller of aeroplanes pouring into our country pouring into a little spot
A little dot on the airplanes pouring into our country
The initiative the initiative is part of the faa's diversity and inclusion hiring plan think of that the initiative is part of
The faa's diversity and inclusion hiring plan which says diversity is
Integral to achieving faa's mission of ensuring safe and efficient travel. I don't think so. I don't think so. I think it's just the opposite
Oh, the faa website
shows that the agency's guidance on diversity hiring
were last updated on
March 23rd of 22 they wanted to make it even more so
And then I came in
And I assume maybe this is the reason
Thanks for watching stay updated about
And there is a news ban to make you feel better about it
Didn't that authoritative voice at the end there make you go like someone's still steering the ship of this country?
He only likes white airplanes aren't they all
Oh, no the fighters the fighter jets
are gray
Like the faces you make case
There's black fighter jets
But the stop making racial analogs to plain colors
It was a bit of a sudden outro. He said he said airplanes are pouring into our country
Look our borders are wide open to airplanes
And that's why he's gonna build that wall
Really high enough of this international travel stuff. There's plenty of perfectly good states to visit in the united states
It wouldn't be plural if there weren't more than one up to 50 places
You could fly and we're still flying overseas
Build a wall in the sky is what i'm assuming he's saying or whose side are you on?
I'm trying to figure that out case
We need a taller wall
That could be his next platform
I guess you don't maybe we could have non-geniuses if the wall around our country is tall enough to block planes
Yeah, a dome a dome country a country getting dome
They can attach the helicopters
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we can all just and then you can just we can put a big monorail along the wall and then you just ride
Around the edge of the country on a giant wall a wall a rail
Maybe I should go into politics. Well, what you're saying does make about as much sense as what he's saying
Truly
Shameless just willing to
I guess blame. I guess they're just blaming dei for everything
or woke stuff. I do feel like that
Political current is not as popular as they think it is and I do think this is going to get old
Incredibly fast. I mean it already has for most people, but I think even their base eventually is going to be like
Wait a minute. I still can't afford a house and everything is still just as expensive
maybe then they'll just find a more specific group to blame but
I just I don't see he's got like unusually high popularity ratings right now for trump and I don't see it lasting that long
But have you ever had a popularity rating case? How am I supposed to trust you?
um
I do get subs. Can I count that as my popularity rating? Can I say that my popularity rating is 988 percent? No
Damn, I thought maybe I could
Also, I'm pretty sure the pilot
Was a white guy
How white? I mean, no literally no disrespect to the dead, but I think
I'm pretty sure like at least the picture I saw. Yes. I mean, it's it's really sad, but
This is the face of dei
Well, and also have a recent tragedy unfortunately
but
I mean that seems like about as white of a guy as you can get
This guy oh this guy
Nope, just asked the people still complaining about frosk was she flying the plane?
That's not spread that rumor. I think there's some people who would be willing to believe it for some reason
They could make a lot of thumbnails out of it
well
That's what leadership looks like and by that I'm not making a value judgment. I'm saying that's literally what our leadership looks like
oops, um
Well, I mean, you know
I don't know
That's all the time we have. Yeah, I guess let's just move on. Well, no way to no way to polish that particular
Um, no way to follow that polish that particular chipotle that we just dropped in the lake, but the ripples are still very big
so
I guess you could say we polished off another news story. I mean, we didn't really cover it with any depth and you know
It was mostly depressing, but
But that's what we do here and we'll keep doing it forever because the ripples never stop
And that's my name, which is jeff rippler. Bye. Bye
Oh, baby peter wiseman. Thank you so much 27 months truly
Some tragic news but a day of a lot of subs
two sevens sandwiched back to back
somewhat carelessly
But I have papito to blame for those things. Yeah, I did it. I don't even give a shit
I'm not even trying to give them fuck about that
Papito
I'm not losing the new papito. Oh, he did not say no more. Sorry. I ate a bunch of
I just ate a bunch of wood chips
Where do I even have wood chips? Well, I have a bunch of stuff that comes out of your wall. Oh, that's asbestos. Oh
It's crunchy. Oh, it's wood and asbestos. Mm wood chips
Get all the excess hype
Uh, I think you're gonna peter wiseman
Uh, the citrix rights from what I heard the helicopter is flying too high and not responding to air traffic control directions
But they don't want to say anything bad about the military
Yes, he's somehow trying to blame the
I'm just I suspect very minor dei initiatives of of the f a a as a whole
Instead of blaming the specifics of the incident. I I don't know
I'm amazed that we don't have more insane
uh air disasters
It's part of what makes flying even though I know that the odds are technically in your favorite
I always makes it a little scary to me
We're going to therapy today too. Holy shit. Get on a case. There's a lot to do
true
Uh grandma crumble bottom. Wow. We've never seen her in therapy. Well today's the day
All right, sure. Was papito changing his voice to throw off the scent of the ice officers? Uh, oh
I mean, I'm definitely not here legally
Because I was sort of just I was burned out of that big lump of goo
I came out of the goo hole
Not another dog. I don't know. It's definitely gooey though
So I'm not illegal. Does that mean you're not illegal? Let me know
I think you're a dog. So I think it's fine. Oh, you are a dog. That's my whole thing. Yes
There's movies in there too. We're going to the movies. We're doing dj music. We got to go amongst the web
We got to do a how-to of streets
We're doing a mega friday stream. It's big old friday. I mean, I think you know
I think the scoreboard reflects that we have no choice but to do it all
So let's
Frickin hurry it up already. Uh start with some movies. Why not? It's a movie day
A little little movie sees us into things. Here's Trent at the movies. Yes
Thank you for all those subs specifically. I'm assuming to meet Trent. Um, I think that that means I'm done with with uh
Community service right because I got so many subs
No, it's time served. It's not subs granted. Oh, well, that's my parole officer. Chris who apparently
Likes shitting all over me in the laws of this nation
No, I work for the state
I'm enforcing the laws in what way is this enforcing the laws
That's I'm less clear on but you know, you had a really good lawyer
All right. Anyway, we watch movies here
I'll fucking have to because my parole officer says so no your lawyer set this up
I don't get it either, but I know I have to be here
I'm just saying dude. It's been two years of this shit. That's true, man. I'm you got a lot to do
Anyway trailers at least we do love trailers
It's the it's the one thing I have in this dark situation of mandatory community service
Is that at least I get to watch trailers?
Look this premise is too confusing, but
sure
Tuna me Gundam long promo. What the fuck?
Look, this might not be a movie you can watch, but it is a long ass promo for Tuna me Gundam
And I like it enough for those words that I do feel compelled that I have to click on it
So let's watch it
Ladies and gentlemen over the years Tuna me's given you some of the greatest cartoon shows ever made
Now we're proud to present our newest edition a program about love honor sacrifice
Revenge and a whole lot of destruction. Let's get things started Gundam fight all set ready go
Kill the bird
They have five only Tuna me
Okay that fucking ruled
I knew it would and I was right
I mean shit. I'm gonna argue with that
the electric state
All right, look we started off with something really fun. So
I make no promises about this next one. All right, then I'm saying you pick this one
Well, but it's just next on the list, but all right. I will take responsibility. Maybe it'll be great. Let's find out
Ask that girl from that netflix movie that one time and also the show that one time
Jackie brown to me. We actually met in the war. We're supposed to be killing each other
We tried
Bots had my whole platoon surrounded broke my leg and two
Oh, that's not will 10 men circled up to finish off the job
Look up. I see this big dumb construction bot peering down at me
I close my eyes get ready to die and instead he just lifts me up carries me out
You were crying like a baby
Yeah, right not like a baby, you know, they don't really know human emotion. It was a war cry
Like yeah
Wolverine
You were sucking your thumb and begging me to save your ass. He's
He's correct
Is that a mom?
Seems to be in pretty good shape. That's not a good one. The scabs haven't found it yet. It's supplies
Shelter defensible perimeter not the worst place in the world to hide
I think it's voiced by ai runy
All right. Well
I appreciate that the trailer was in fact a full scene. Well, sometimes they do that. They put out a scene it feels
It feels a lot. I know that wasn't ai generated, but
Sort of had that feeling of it
What well just I don't I guess because I don't have any familiarity with the subject matter
Just kind of felt like two sort of recognizable faces in a situation
But maybe it's good. I like sort of the
Old 1950s but robot mascot aesthetic like a bunch of big boys came to life
I've never read the electrics. I don't know. I'm like unfamiliar with the electric state
Plop dumps. Is it good?
It's probably good. Is it like a classic for them to ruin? Maybe it's like a classic thing for them to ruin
But maybe it'll be good. Is millie bobby brown good at acting? But well, don't stop be rude
I mean is chris pratt good at acting? Okay. Let's not be extra rude
I just can't I can't tell anymore. I feel like I can't even tell what's good anymore
That's a bad sign. I've watched too much trailer now. I don't know what good no more
Chess says apparently not look, you know, we all have ups and downs. We all have good days and bad days
Similar to tales from the loop
Tales from the loop was by the same person
From like the chicago loop
voiced by the cta guy
I don't know man same author. Oh, okay
No, look man. It could be good. I look you as far as you need to be in the movie and then the scene hits more
And it doesn't feel just like a random ass of thing featuring CGI
I've only watched YT videos about the artwork minimalism abstract anti-corp
And then what better thing to make that than the netflix the largest streaming corporation on the planet
Let's not plumb that well-worn irony young young blood come on everybody's done that
And let's just watch something. Oh god. It's a fucking jake paul treather. Well, I clicked on it. No choice now
What do you do? This is just two guys that I relate to being awesome. Probably let's see what's up
I don't do a be mad at me
I'm uncancelable
Oh, she's invincible. What that means?
Put that to the test brother
Hey, oh, mack ladies and gentlemen
Jake and I know how to create a viral media. Whoa internet feeds on yeah
Villains and bad guys make the most amount of people tune in
But no matter how many people like us or hate us
What the fuck though?
The only people on this planet who will always have my back is my family
Nice this family beautiful
Oh, I can't imagine having jake paul as an uncle kids love weirdos
They pissed dude. I knew they pissed my mom thinks i'm cute and smart
I
Assume we're not just gonna do one season because that means it sucks. I don't know if it's really good
This show is gonna shoot itself
Don't kill what the other people are thinking I don't know bro. I know who they really are that's all that counts
I love you. This is reganity. Be a real person. All right
The greatest family in the world. What the fuck go? Let it all go
Logan's in one up me go
No fucking way this is real life bro. Yeah, I fucking
It's a maximum original you guys had to witness that
Whoa, man this fucking whoa, dude. That's like fucking down dude. That's nuts. Like that's my life, dude
Showing my life basically and that's why I relate to that
So those like the Costco guys, but blonde. How do you not know them? They're like the most famous guys for
Great great and controversy which happens to create cash if you've ever read a book by
um
think by hulk hogan
The hulk hogan book controversy creates cash
Or or eric bann or something
Do you know anything? Yeah, I know stuff
I do know it's eric bischoff
Trent you should know that too if you're gonna reference a thing that's already somewhat esoteric
Anyway, those guys are cool. They're very clearly not
Well, it's not cool about them. They do what they want and
They used to be famous for living in a mansion and making videos in it. Now they're famous
For fighting their way out of that mansion to be in a different mansion
And also their mom
Is working class coded and that makes it all relatable. All right, I'll take your word for it do that
Well, the righteous gents gemstone season four. Okay, and now
That same energy but controlled by someone with any taste. Let's see this
Teen just it's my young adult show about Jesus being a teenager
Why don't you call it teen jesus teen just
Teen jesus mixed
He was not mixing a way that makes any sense. Like that's not how you combine words
I got it use the j from jesus. You shorten teen you call them
Jean okay, that's better. Ain't nobody gonna call jesus gene
I will
It's all right now. Keith we do what we want
That's the last one
God dang beach watching you work that poles got me slick
It's so good to be hanging with gemstones again
What the hell is he like daddy's gonna checked out these days
Fuck this dude's down here wasting away in margaritaville
Like you fucking tom hanks from that one motion picture
Philadelphia no not the aids one to buy his self one know the uh, I dang I just had it
What is the fucking tom hanks by his self one cast away cast away bingo. That's what you doing daddy
I relate to them as well in an aspirational sense
I mean it is supposed to be satire, but I guess that's what I expect. Yep
I want to be them
I get that that yep. Yeah, sure. I'm sure you do
But maybe not religious so sort of like big paul then
It's only satire if you decide it is
And when I see that and I just see a family kicking ass and doing what they want like a certain other family named paul
Which was also the name of one of Jesus's boys. So it all fucking relates back to each other now don't it
Old ass dude who sucks
Young blood that is definitely disrespectful
Well, that's dude who sucks with respect. All right
And that looks good. It does look good. I like I've liked every season of that show. So hey timbalt shout out
Chicago's own. I don't know if he's from Chicago. Yeah, but he did stuff in Chicago
So it counts. Are you from Chicago? No
And why do you care? I don't know
All right, whatever
Um, one of the paul brothers might win the royal rumble
Well either of them could because if they show up, they'll create cash via the controversy of it all
I think that'd be pretty disappointing
A local paul is pretty good at wrestling. I'll give him that but I think people will be
Not in cases brother said I like the paul brothers one time the paul brothers shot money out of a vena crowd
And then caught a 20. Whoa. Well, he'd go mr. President. See he's probably vip. He's probably in the front row
He was there talking about the president or not cases brother 20 dollars you'd out of a gun
Can you imagine catching a fucking smoking ass wide of 20?
Well 20 dollar bullet you catch that shit like that dude in that movie with a watchman
But it's money that you catch. Yeah, I guess I can imagine that
I'm just saying that's nuts. You know, else's nuts that this fuck shit's over man. I gotta go
I got places to be I probably gotta like finger like a probably six or seven women
Young blood stop saying shit like that. This is fucking gross. Well, I'm just letting you know my extracurriculars
I'm not supposed to have fucking hobbies. Whatever chat fucking gets it. You know why because you know what it is
We'll see you later. He's not allowed to say that
I'm docking his hours
I have to sign all of his community service slips. I'm taking 10 minutes off for that
He's the finger-plast king
Uh bonzai brofrog when you start subscribed. I just noticed you said uh if ice comes for pipito case can pretend to be jady vance
No, because my eyes aren't blue
Yes, we're sunglasses like me. I don't need advice from you chris
I'm an adult
Really you look a lot like a teenager. I know
Well, you know what so do you pipito? Can you stop? I gotta pay the people I gotta
I actually helped sign his trans community service form. So, you know, it's mine here. All right. I got all sorts of duties
I just realized what I just said
I also don't understand what I just said because I don't actually speak. It's all instinct
All right, um
okay
I think
We have so many segments to get to we'll do two segments then a news the two segments then a news
That's my big plan for the day
for now
Fuck it. Let's go amongst the web
Oh, it's one of the hamsters
Wait, are you ham taro or are you in support of ham taro? Okay. Well, whatever. I guess it doesn't matter
You ever watch internet videos?
You are ham taro
Okay, uh, well in case you don't know because you're a hamster. I don't want to make assumptions
What we do is chat submits videos at the cream dot team
To watch that we then rate
And sometimes they're great and sometimes
They're other
Sometimes they get other ratings than great
And also currently I don't really pre-watch them
Which eventually could be a problem but for now because we have such an incredible audience. It's fine. I sure that's fine
It's fine. I'm never gonna get they're gonna have a real problem, right?
Okay
Ham, so you are
Okay, um, let's see. There's an egg
Is that okay? Did you mind seeing eggs get eaten?
Oh, yeah, okay, here's an egg thing
Okay
Ham, what would you rate it?
So good
Okay, this hamster says it's a ham taro but chat looks like they're coming in in the middle
So they're kind of in agreement. Yeah, we don't say the same thing here. It's kind of a ham taro
Yeah, I thought it was I thought it was pretty solid. I'm gonna give it a pretty solid
Which you know, is that a 5.2? I don't it counts as I haven't introduced the negative numbers yet, which I do plan on adding eventually
Assuming stream elements supports or streamer bot supports negative integers
Intergers
Yes, integer is a number
Okay, well, let's see what this one is. Wait, what? Let's see it again. I guess
Oh, he's just sliding. I thought he was on a sled
Look, I mean, obviously we don't really have any way to know if he's faking it
But the idea of you just can't stop sliding on a hill when you start recording it is pretty good
I mean, he's definitely sliding but did he slide into it slide intentionally?
You think it's a good one
I think I sense a theme here about how you score
It's not a theme, it's a ham taro
It's a 7
I think chat's always pretty much on the money with their ratings
Except that one time they rated that
I think not a 10 the cat cam not a 10 that I didn't understand
All right, let's see what this one is. Oh no
Damn it and then and a psychopath laughing at the end
Oh
How that is that for an older person
No, I don't think they no they didn't it's just it's fun and silly
By paint
Ideal blunt rotation. Yeah, pretty much
Pretty much you got
Lady in the pretty tight jumpsuit
Two people we don't know
Other lady and the main event this lady who got nearly decapitated by a gender reveal
So
That was your takeaway
Okay, hamster was like gender reveals
Oh
You don't seem that short for a hamster
That's hamster side
It's looking like that one's gonna come in around the middle. Okay, let's do a couple more
I'm gonna do we have oh wow. I got loaded up since last time
Oh my gosh, john madison doing hamlet sandwich. We have to watch my pal john eat the sandwich
I'm gonna recite hamlet
Um, what the fuck is happening here?
All right, it's time for the future
Okay, if this one can do more ham time that'll be
Owns everywhere a couple of these guys go off course. What the hell are they making?
You scream kind of quiet. I thought it was pretty impressive. I don't know what they were. Is that like a test?
Are they making a flag?
They're making you good man. This is especially a pop-up that's coming for you humans.
A hamster's are too little to be afraid.
But hide under the burning trees like when the dinosaurs were killed
You know a lot about you know, not very accurate, but sort of history
You know, I guess they got different stories in hamster hamtaro world. Yeah, that's sort of our hamtaro origin story
They had to cancel all the drones here after they went rogue and almost took the kid out. Hmm. That's not great
Now that's looking on the hamtaro side
Yeah
Gina has just kicked off their latest attack and their plans for world domination
It's called remote kiss and it's a jinese contraption with warm moving silicon lips that allows users to send
Hamtaro's peers from g4
Everyone knows that americans are the best kissers from the moment we are born
We are spoofed media about the magical power of kissing as adolescents
We rigorously practice our kissing skills by kissing our hands or soft fruits
Or our youth pastors if gina learns our kissing techniques
Their reality dating shows will beat us in ratings. And then what will we have as our main economic export?
Nothing
Oh my god, wait a minute. That's is that how drunken ted looks now
Is that drunken ted? You know drunken ted do? I only know the things that peter did
I didn't watch the rest of whatever it is you're talking about
The thing that I was on who hosts this
Nope, I didn't watch whatever it is you're talking about and what's the peter stuff
Oh, okay, I can support that
And what is he peter is puppeting his ass off?
Here's our honorary peter 10
shout outs
That's from at peter barub
He peter ber ber ube shout outs to peter
An extremely nice guy
Uh, and a pleasure to work with although. I think maybe he moved
I guess I should know that
I think he was planning on moving. I don't know if he has moved yet
Meaning I can't just go to his house
And steal his puppets
I don't know
intrusive thoughts, um
Okay, let's see what this one is whatever
No n-word for white people
Yeah
I mean we have honky, but no one really cares about that. What did you just say?
Oh, no, I didn't mean it like that. I'm so sorry. You're at a fucking line, dude
You're right at a fucking line. Well, one of my best friends is actually a clown honky again motherfucker. See what happens
Go on honky
What are you
Motherfucker
I don't know if I like you saying racist
What is this slur for ham taro
So it's sort of like a contextual thing I guess the word ham taro
Like say smurf
Oh
That's the name of the thing
I don't think they just say oh, I guess they do say smurf a lot
Uh, no cool. What has this stream come to? I'm so sorry
Apparently ham taro's a slur and I've just been you
Is it?
Growing this hamster. It's a slur. What candle can say it? Oh, you can say it. Oh, I get it
You can say it. I can't say it. Oh, I got it
That's that's kind of a nice word. It's not your word
That hurts, I guess I guess I'm fine with that actually. Okay, let's watch john eat a sandwich. This is my friend john eating a sandwich
Sometimes you just show your friends doing
Did he just put this out? You put that a day ago
All right, this is three minutes long, but it's my friend's thing. So I should show your thing too
Didn't you go weren't even a thing recently with sage?
Maybe we just make maybe we make everyone watch our friends things
I think 30 minutes
Oh, we could watch a little of it. We could watch a little of it. Kendall is cool though. Yeah. Well, here's john
Doing, I don't know what
I'm assuming eating a sandwich the most important thing in the world
Only a few can do it
But even fewer can do it
While eating a sandwich
this is
Acting
While eating a sandwich
Or not to be
Wow
That is the question
Whether it is no blur in the mind to suffer the swings and arrows of outrageous fortune
Or to take arms against deceive troubles
By opposing
Die
No more
And by a sleep to say we end
The heartache and the salves and natural shocks that flushes air too
Does the consummation
Devout me to be wished
To die
To sleep
The sleep pertains to dream
Those of the rabbit for who would bear the lips of scornings of time
But for the pain for the dread of something after that
The undiscovered country from whose born
No traveler returns
Hustles over
It makes us rather
Better than ill we have
Than fly with others that we know not of
Thus
Conscience just make
Cowards of us all
I need to do it all ashamed here
And what
The name of hero resolution is
Sickled over with the pale cast of thought
An enterprise of great pith and moment
But this regard the currents turn awry
And lose the name of action
I'm gonna swallow on the swallow bit
Hey, I'm Madison
I was eating a sandwich
He's doing something else
I was mostly eating a sandwich
Mostly that was eating a sandwich
There was a lot of eating a sandwich
But not eating it that well he didn't swallow for a while
I was busy thinking about the sandwich
The model one was about the sandwich
I hadn't thought of that before because I'm a hamster
So I never actually read Shakespeare
Oh you guys don't read Shakespeare?
We mostly read Hamtaro
My brother brought up a great point
What if he was reciting Hamtaro?
Well then it would have been a 10
And said it's pretty high though
Somewhere over a 9
Somewhere over a 9
Yes
He was savoring it
Nning nning nning
Okay let's uh
We'll end with a quick one
I'll play the great game of
What the hell
You know I said I'd end with a good one
But instead let's end with whatever this is
I can see it going in any number of directions
Many of which aren't positive
Our journey feels so brand new
It's like cannot do real quick
One second
You did about the same actually
I think you did just about as good
It should have ended on that sandwich one
Nah that felt this feels right
You don't want it to have a bunch of 10s in a row for your friends
Sometimes you gotta have a couple ones in there
For your enemies
That guy's your enemy?
Yeah, Joshua
Joshua Hindma is not my enemy
But he's just expressing himself
Hamtaro did so good he made cases go
Change?
That's just how good I am
Well Hamtaro apparently I have to do a whole Hamtaro stream
So I'll see a lot more of you on Monday I guess
Yep I'm gonna be here for the whole thing
This voice the whole time
Hamtaro that is
Which is you
Okay
Thanks for doing this
That's my Hamtaro impression
We can watch some top 10 Hamtaro moments
We can watch an explanation of the Hamtaro plot
I can refresh myself on so much Hamtaro
I'm pretty excited
What a crazy stream
What a crazy amount of subs we got this stream
I have so many segments left
I gotta pick up the pace here
I think we might combine DJ music
And AI Rooney
I think we might have AI Rooney as a
A special guest
For teaching music
We'll still play the AI Rooney theme
Just for fun
Plane crash in Philly
Oh no really
Uh oh
Small plane crashes in northeast Philly
I think we might have a special guest
Small plane crashes in northeast Philly
Delphi of multiple casualties reported
That is a real one unfortunate one too
Video captures moments of impact
What the fuck
Oh man
Uh here I'll watch this and see how
Holy shit
Okay just a warning this is you know
Obviously
Pretty horrible
You're not gonna see any like graphic violence
But
It's definitely alarming
That's scary
The Macy's there
If you know that area northeast Philly
The Macy's there has a lot
Of debris around it
So they're gonna be tracking where this plane was coming from
And try to get some type of
Positioning on whether it was coming in
Or going out but there's a lot of debris
In the mall area
Around the Macy's
So a lot of this is still
Very very early
The situation that you are looking at right now
People have been hurt on the ground
I understand there were two people
On board the plane the conditions
Of those two people if they ejected
If they were able to get out after the crash
But the bottom line that plane is down
Well
Jeez
The day of hype and plane crash
News
Really threading that needle today
Yeah maybe they jumped out before it crashed
Two people were on board the aircraft
Yeah it doesn't look like there's a ton of details yet
I'm sure this will
This probably will get lumped together with the other plane crash story
Although
They seem like fairly separate incidents
More foddered I guess
Blame the FAA for
DEI stuff
I could imagine that happening in the coming hours
In our very reasonable and not at all
Insane nation
We'll see though
Hopefully maybe we're lucky
And somehow nobody was killed but that looks insane
Probably a small jet
And it looks like maybe it was one of those personal planes
Good thing we have a hype train
And yes
I guess I can be grateful for that right now
What a crazy noise
Damn
Okay well
Let's keep storming through these segments for now
You know can't cover the news too much
When the news is all
Tragedies which it so often is
Instead let's learn how to do some things with the jet
I'm sure that won't be depressing
Let's find out
I'll start to hear about the alarming news
I forget the case does news
Cause he barely does it seemingly
But I guess he only makes a special exception
For when it's really bad news
Yeah he does do that
Also there's my father
Who is
Crabbed in the wood
And he's a ghost
Really right now jeff
Wait a minute I am
Oh shoot
Yep that's me
Jet Nugget will not crash
Just cause he has his own jet company and they have a sterling track record
No crashes and perfect safety
Doesn't mean that
He needs to be brought up right now
What?
Seems like an inappropriate time to bring up my brother jet's plane company
Which is the reason you're right he did name jet Nugget
Instead of Nugget
It's because he was working with that Nugget boy
You know he started the company with Alex Nugget
Oh yeah his best friend Alex Nugget
Yeah he and his you know the two wonder kids
Sometimes I think of them as brothers
Jet Nugget and Alex Nugget
And jet was so generous that he's like
I refuse to name it Nugget we have to name it Nugget
In honor of all the work you've put in
And then they fought over it
Cause they both wanted to give each other credit
That's how close Alex Nugget is
To each other credit
That's how close Alex and Jet are
Do we really need to talk about Alex Nugget
In addition to Jet Nugget
Yep
Too many people
Now there's more people than that too
That are important to me
That'll bring up randomly
Alright it's not Nugget
Like nagging
You love Alex who knows
There's a low chance well there's a decent chance
You know Alex he has a very wide social circle
We don't need to talk about that right now
Let's find out how to make a paper sword
Can we just do something fun
Can we just learn a little bit please
With this paper sword how to
I don't have any paper but I do have these sticky notes
With a cordy on them
So I'll try to do it I'll try to make it along with them
Okay you fold it
And you fold it again
Mine's gonna be real little though
I could make it even louder
I made it quieter
I lost track of what he was doing
It's candle everybody
We're learning how to make a paper sword
Okay then you fold another one in half
And then you cut it in half
Oh shoot I don't have scissors I have to just rip it
Ah he's going too fast
I got it two times this
For more difficulty
I feel like I'm getting too good at this
Oh god now I have to keep up so hard
Oh that one's it
I'll cut it again
Okay I got a bunch of pieces of stuff now
Drawing? That's not fair
Drawing and tape is cheating I refuse
What the heck
I'll show them I don't need drawing or tape
And a blue piece
And multiple colors
Oh man his looks a little bit better than mine
He's still going
Huh? Why is his blue?
I got a sheath for his
I'll make a sheath
What the hell? Ah what the hell
Sorry I hit a button I guess
Oh Peter got mad at me for a sec
Cut to him
Oh it's Leonardo
Okay
I mean I tried
Mine's close
Look it has a sheath
It works I swear
Come on
Sheath isn't clear
And then you unsheath it
Sometimes the sword comes out when you unsheath it
But then you put the sword back in
It was two times it was the first try
Great work son
Honestly compared to how well you do with some of them
Better than usual
Oh thanks daddy it's really great to get some positive feedback
Jet obviously jet would make a better sword
But you know he did that entire origami art installation
We got rave reviews
It really transcended the medium of paper
Even though he used no tape
He used no tape no glue
No pencils no drawing
All folds
Yeah we all saw it everybody loved it
The origami was very good yet
Your cat wants a massage
You're telling me
Apparently cases cats don't want to be touched at all
Look at them there
Still hiding
Hiding all day
Look at me I'm invisible says the cat
Look at me you can barely tell I'm a cat
But maybe eventually they'll want a massage
And when they do I'll know how courtesy of this video
You're in the amazing world of cat massage
My name is Mary Jean Ballner
And this is my wonderful cat champion
In this video tape
You'll learn that your cat doesn't want petting anymore
Your cat wants a massage
And we'll be able to show you how
Based on my book cat massage
So continue watching
And you'll learn to bring on power purring
And mega meow moments
When to cat massage
Whenever
Computer keyboards
And the couch
Cat massage makes TV commercials bearable
And of course on the bed
Our best massage techniques were developed here
Cat massage is the easiest way to produce a cat smile
And is a reliable source for cat giggles
Cat giggles
Listen closely for cat giggles
Sometimes cat will approach you for massage
You know what that's like
He's rubbing up against you
Or if we give you a look that says
Cat massage makes TV commercials bearable
And if we give you a look that says
Massage time
These are the prominent chest muscles
Seen on proud body builders
Remember the old Simon and Garfunkel song?
Of course!
Slow down, you're moving too fast
That says a lot about life
And about cat massage
No more boring
Now let's look at
Pressures
Feather light
Fairly make contact with your cat
Like the touch of a fairy
When the purring becomes excessive
We call it power purring
Eyes blinking
Mmm
Cat smiles
We've all seen cat smiles and they're glorious
Of course!
Chest cupping
Champion and I did this as I was editing the script
And at one part he wouldn't let me go
He was just sitting resting and purring
And I was typing one handed
Drilling
In this case, a driller is not a person
Specializing in rings and watches
Remember, you can't fool drull
Voice massage was created
When I was at the computer and champion wanted
Massage
We compromised and I sang to him
And I've been singing to him for over 12 years
One of our songs starts like this
Who's the best cat
In the United States?
It's you, champ or damper
It's you
Whoa, I feel like I shouldn't be seeing this
Use our song
Change the names
Or create your own
Wishing you power purring
And mega meow moments always
Bye for now
Who's the best cat
In the United States?
It's you, champ or damper
It's you
And you might want to hear this
Create your own
Wishing you power purring
And mega meow moments always
Bye for now
Who's the best cat
In the United States?
It's you, champ or damper
It's you
You're my cat
And you're so good
You're the best cat
In the neighborhood
You're my buddy
You're my friend
We'll be together
We'll be together
My friend
We'll be together
Till the very end
Championing me
Championing me
Wow, I think it woke the cats up
It worked
You can't argue with results
The cat started coming to life
They moved into
separate baskets
There's a heating pad
Yeah, there's a heating pad under the
You can sort of see it in the wide
that Kendall's put them on a heating pad
Play that at max volume to the cats
That can be your new cat TV
Instead of the squirrels, we just put that song
on loop in the room
Wow
Kendall's brought me a ratberry
That's what friends who love each other do
I'm kidding
I'm kidding
Let's do one more
Gorging a cat head
Whoa, what?
I don't know if you know, so I put the air on
Oh, you did?
I did start sweating about 10% less
So I'll need
one or two less towels tonight
How to be a sexy man
You watch a video?
Let's watch that
In honor of Kendall being here
What's their channel called?
You don't remember?
Pixel Circus
I just wasn't sure if it was on a different one
Look, guys
I'm gonna crack Gurgle
Torture her hardware
Blast out, baby
Kendall does games
Across the board today we are playing ransom notes
ransom notes is a game where you pick up a card
and you do your best to answer that prompt
but only with refrigerator magnets
or like you're assembling essentially a ransom note
Everybody starts by grabbing two pinches
specifically pinches of magnets
and then you'll pick your best to assemble
your answers with what you got
I get why it's called ransom notes now
I get it
Oh my god, like a ransom note
Yeah
Let's watch the first ransom note
They do it like that so that it's like
oh so you can't recognize like
hand writing
That's what it is like with newspaper clips
It's you, champ or dampen
You can get DNA from like hand oils
You look great, Kendall
Why? She looks great
Sounds like some of your own
I switched over to a different
I'm not using no community right now
I watched a lot of true cries
There we go
We're playing with Kendall, Nika, Carlos
and me, hi, let's get into it
Alright, okay pinches
Alright, is this a clinical pinch?
Oh, I got it
One metric pinch
Everybody participates in every one
So even if you draw the card, you actually submit for your own
Who draws the card doesn't actually matter
After the card is drawn
we will spin the box
Who the judge is
Now the judge does get to decide
even with bears in the mix
It's kind of an honor system
Says you are the judge on there
You just gotta be the best if you're gonna pick it
You wanna draw a card?
Whoa, they got so many
Oh, not a draw a card
Rappel without a cause
Ask a child in the airplane seat behind you
to stop kicking
Okay, alright
Oh, and you have to assemble the answer
Now we spin it
I feel like the judge has to read the thing
Yeah, yeah, okay, ready?
It's you!
Wait, can we
read them with dramatic flares?
It's you, champ for damper
Quiet, my anger is a threat
I despise
I damage flesh
weapon
That's what she wrote
Is that to get the kid to stop kicking?
That's like a slam poetry thing
Yeah
Tendl
Stop this horror
Crash at school, decide
Oh my god
I would stop kicking
Yay
Very poetic
Oh, yeah, it is on an airplane
High time less attack
We are high time
Less attack
Look, it gets to the point
Honestly, straightforward
Listen, our fight is punch
What's that?
I like the last one, it has nothing to do with airplanes
Stage route?
Oh, Tendl wants us to watch a different one
It has nothing to do with airplanes
It has nothing to do with airplanes
That's fair, that's a fair request
Do you know where it starts?
No
Awful egg, some fun squirrella
Arbisap is upset
I'm so sorry
I had like three different things that I put on
There were way more subtle
But nothing was funnier than any book
Y'all
Oh no
Okay, here's the card
I haven't done it in a while
This is the last one
I want to read mine first
You want to read yours first?
Promise be objective
I thought you were telling me where the front is
Oh my gosh, Tendl
Here?
Will show ass for drugs
Will throw it back for a perk
A set
It says without being direct
I don't think shaking ass is direct
I didn't do that
No, it's too fast
I mean, I said anxiety
I was just so sorry
I blow
I haven't done one
You have run over their cat
Oh my
Tell your neighbor that regretfully
You have run over their cat
Oh jeez
After all the cat videos
I haven't done it in a while
I only did one
I want to read mine first
Promise be objective
Animal head explosion
Butt pop too
Oh no
That the cat blew up
Butt pop too
Even the butt
So we're probably on my door
It's like cat explosion
And it's butt pop
Oh jeez
Okay, I actually finished
Alright
Y'all, I plowed through beautiful breed
She finished
Finished
So good
Tendl
Organic object pulverize
My horrible murder
Let's pray
Let's pray
You read it on the prayer
Organic object was a real clever way out
I'm trying to tell you I killed your cat
Thank you
Let's pray
Was my mistake
Unlucky accident
Grand wound
Cute atrocity end
Also some business
Hunter Trillion
Hunter Trillion
Alright
Miko wins
Wanna do one more
Kinda loves one more she wants to show you here
I'll nug it
Wait we can find it by the view
seeing where the card appears right
There's no card here
Okay okay
Weird jellydews great
Party game and I'm not just a hey
We're good
Reveal to your best friend that you're actually a van
That's not the one
What?
I'm the one
Yeah
Ask a stranger for drugs
Without being direct
Okay
Okay okay
Hey bro
Just lost that one
Do a lot of options
How hard is it to make a sentence
I don't know hard
Kendall you judging?
Yo dude
Question can buy small anxiety snack
Our deception
Super subtle
Super subtle
I require arm help
If see chemical power
I'd want to share my money
Wow
Are you saying that you may
require percose
If you need arm help
I require arm help
Perk Circus
To the point
I think she's gonna win off that one
Kendall what do you got
What do you got
What
You guys are tatted up
That's so good
I challenge your
Yo dude and your hey bro
with Yo boss
Yo boss
Awful ache
Some fun squirt treat give high
Squirt treat
You're trying to trade sex for drugs
That's so good
A squirt treat
What a drug dealer
Did you win off this one
Will show absolute drugs
I thought she was so cool
Will throw it back for a percose
That's just real
Well great work
Drugs for sex
Right
Wow thank you
But this isn't sex
She's just a raspberry
She left
She left when I said that
Pixel Circus
With Sage and Kendall
Can you follow the map
Pixel Circus
And you spell pixel with an X
Cause that's how it's spelled I think
Yeah I'm pretty sure that's how it's spelled
Okay well
Outrageous dealing on streaming
You can play ransom right here daddy
Your only words are trapped in wood
Cause you're trapped in it
Yeah I understood
Oh shit I didn't though
But I am trapped in the wood
Yeah I do have to remind you
Okay that's all the time we have for today
We learned how to technically play the game ransom there
So I'll count it
And I'll count on seeing you next time
Because you're never too old actually
This is fun
And don't learn a new trick bye bye
There are a lot of graphics on this stream
It's true
And there's a lot of me today
Cause I'm Sammy
Sammy 7 elbows
Last eye check
Let me check if there's a couple more
You see in the 2
But I'll show you my 7 if you know what I mean
I never have okay
What are we fucking
What are we talking about today
We still do news here
This is a train station now
What's the deal
It's mostly a hype train stream
But we do occasionally break up the hype stream
You know
Throwing up the bows for the boys
You know
We fucking know you guys fucking know
We used to call that
Drinking a bunch of people off
With your elbows was where that came from for me
What
That's where it came from for me too
What are we talking about
Let's do some fucking news
Uhhh
RFK
The health
The king of health
The new king of health
The king of the health
That's what I say
You know what I fucking mean
You know what I fucking mean case
Well look he did a
He's getting confirmed
We've confirmed that this is how
Not this this is sad
We got RFK
Can we get a less sad picture
Oh the answer was
No
This is the new face of health
On screen
Who pick which one's the healthy face
That's quite a choice you've got us making there
RFK Junior
On defense of a vaccine views
In heated confirmation hearing
Robert F. Kennedy
Who's the nominee for secretary of health
In human services testified during his senate
Committee on health education labor and pensions
For his pending confirmation on Capitol Hill
His bid to be the nation's top health official
Is uncertain
After republicans joined democrats
To raise persistent concerns
Over the nominees deep skepticism
For routine childhood vaccinations
That prevent deadly disease
You know we used to get vaccinated
In my fucking neighborhood
You'd drink a bunch of fucking shitty
Water that was full of just
Straw sewage and your mom would
Bake with it and everybody got sick
As shit but then we were fine
Was good enough for us
I bet you also got a vaccine
Weren't you born in like the 80s
I mean I got a couple
But mostly I drank sewage
In my poor
Boston New York neighborhood
New York or Boston town
Those who survived and that's
That's tough that's the same kind
Of tough love Robert F. Kennedy
Is prepared to provide us
On these mean streets
Apparently he's talking a lot
And I guess we have a video
Well PBS has a video and the story is courtesy
Of the AP but let's well
And it also happened so let's see
What he has to say
Oh goodie
If you like
Sorry I think it's mics broken
Can we fix that
We'll avoid commenting on how he sounds
Cause it's mics broken
No that's how he sounds
Cheeseburg
McDonald's cheeseburg or diet coke
Which my boss loves
And you should be able to get them
If you want to eat
Hostess Twinkies you should be able to do that
But you should know what the impacts are
On your family and on your health
Did you say on a podcast
And I quote
I wouldn't leave it
Abortion to the states
My belief is we should leave it to the woman
We shouldn't have the government
Involved even if it's full
Term did you say that
Senator I believe
Every abortion is a tragedy
Did you say it Mr. Kennedy
Well this isn't fair
It's got something in
He can't answer the questions
Cause there's something going on
That's how he sounds
That's always going on
And this is the health guy
Is he the guy we're having to do health stuff
Well technically it is unfortunate that
We have to focus on his voice
Although it is
A little, it's a wild sound to associate
With health
But he is, he's avoiding answering the question
It's not, it's not his voice
Makes me think his voice is making him
Avoid answering the question
Kendall wants you to be done streaming
I can tell
No, no, I'm just bored so I just come in and watch
Live! Kendall's watching, Kendall's watching
I'm watching live in person
We're watching RFK Senate
Here in committee so we'll see how long you can last
You won't last two minutes
Watching this video I believe
It doesn't matter what you come here
And say that isn't true
That's not reflective of what
You really believe that you haven't said
Over decade after decade after decade
Because unlike other jobs
We're confirming around this place
This is a job where it is life and death
For the kids that I used to work for
In the Denver public schools
And for families all over this country
That are suffering
From living in the richest country
In the world that can't deliver
Basic health care
And basic mental health care to them
It's too important for the games
That you're playing
They could really do with some better mics
The gain is always a little fucked up
Anyway, let's cut to the Bernie Sanders one
I got a real quick question for you
Are you a conspiracy theorist?
That is a pejorative senator
That's applied to me
Mainly to
Keep me from asking difficult questions
They're all really weak
I was told that
I was a conspiracy theorist
That label was applied to me
Because I said that the vaccines
The COVID vaccine
Didn't prevent transmission
And it wouldn't prevent infection
When the government was telling people
Americans that it would
I was saying that because I was looking
At the monkey studies in May of 2020
I was called a conspiracy
And now everybody admits it
The monkey studies help carry human right
In the way that
Free speech to the human right
I would say it's different
Because
With free speech doesn't cost anybody
Anything but in healthcare
If you
Smoke cigarettes for 20 years
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop
And you get cancer
You are now taking from the pool
In your judgment
Is climate change a hoax
Or is it real causing devastating
Problems
President Trump and I
From the beginning, from our first meeting
I agree to disagree on that issue
I believe
Climate change is existential
My job is to make Americans healthy again
You believe that
You disagree with
Trump, you don't think climate change
Is a hoax is what I'm hearing
My job here is to make Americans healthy
I answered your question
You disagree with the president on that
I answered your question
Well
So he didn't get in, right?
No, he got confirmed
Oh, yeah, well, I guess he's good at
He's good, I guess he proved he was good for the job
Yeah, well hey, they made such
Powerful and passionate points that
He got confirmed, you know, right out
Cool
There's also a fun onesie one
I'm not gonna subject this to anymore
But Bernie Sanders tries to make some good old political theater
By holding up
Baby onesies that are like
One gender only onesies that were for some
Some organization
He founded sells baby onesies
That are like anti trans
Imagine kissing this
Sorry, I'm thinking about it right now
Yeah, I can imagine it, I mean it's not a good thing
To think about
I did just picture it, I made it real in my mind
It cost
$26, the $26
Can we find these baby onesies?
RFK gender baby onesies
Is there pictures?
Okay, well here's a picture
Man, it's so low quality
AOL.com news
Can't you get me better quality pictures
Jesus Christ
Bye, you finally lost Kendall
Unvaxxed unafraid
Oh, so these are just anti-vaxx onesies
They're not anti trans onesies
These are anti-vaxx onesies
Shit, I kind of remember there also being some
Like, uh
You know, other conservative talking points
But I guess there's also an anti-vaxx one
Maybe I'm wrong
Well, that's the risk you take watching
Okay, tell the news as you might have the basic
Vax wrong, I am confident
I maybe had them right
Why are they so long?
Um
Well, you know
When your baby's not afraid of the truth
They get a long alien
Style body like that basketball player
That they got to play the alien
At the end of the latest alien
You can have a kid that strong too
If you just wanted to not be afraid of the facts
Let's go back to babies dying in drugs
Well, but what's the worst that'll happen
If we don't vaccinate kids?
The diseases that we vaccinate against will come back
Shaq?
Can we just watch Shaq rap really quick?
Just as a palette cleanser?
Cause in these divided times
I do feel like there's only one person
That can bring us together
See, see
I get baby after dark
Got teacher like Spielberg
You get your ass, kick your boopers in the play
In the boy in the hood
Music please
Boom
You feel better?
I do feel a little better
I mean I don't deserve to but
But yeah, he does always make me feel a little better
Shaq lowkey got bars?
Look, where's supporters here?
He speaks for Boston, New York
Where are you from?
I just said it
That was smooth
Well anyway
That's all your news
Onze's cross $26 if you want him to say stuff
You're gonna have to pay $26 for those kinds of messages
For the record RFK claims that he wasn't affiliated with the company
When they were making their anti-vaxx
And or other
Incendiary baby Onze's
Don't say incendiary baby Onze's
You're gonna get sued
Sorry, I mean incendiary words
I have no proof that the baby Onze's
Are extremely flammable
I'm not saying RFK sells flammable baby Onze's
I'm using the term incendiary in a different way
So don't put it out there that
RFK sells incendiary baby Onze's
What are you trying to do?
I honestly don't know
But I do know that's all the time we have
And I'll do the outro thank you very much
Stay fucking safe out there you fucking freaks
You absolutely know you like getting the news from me
I just want to start
Oh yes
Get that news out of here
We're not here for news or your opinions
Your opinions actually
And I do need them right now
Exclamation point trip is in fact how you send them to me
Type them out into chat
Whatever weird thought crosses your mind
It turns out that's actually an opinion
Regardless of what it is
Put it in the chat immediately
And then it'll be out here on the streets
They're delivered straight to the streets
Directly out of a mantel
And then plopping a little flesh goblet
That's there, it shares your opinion
Right in front of me
Crazy how that works
Give you the streets, top story today
The streets are where the opinions are
And at the end of the day, sit at our thoughts and feelings
That really dictate the contours of reality
That's what I've always said just a second ago
Shaq wasted all his best
Rap years playing basketball
Yeah, what do you think about it?
It's gotta be rough to be good at so many things
You're like, do I play basketball?
He's probably good at baseball too
I think if you're good enough at basketball
You become good enough to play in
The minor leagues of professional baseball
Just automatically
And if you're seven feet tall
I think then you're actually too big to be able to play football
At a certain point
Your knees can't support
Football
And you have to play basketball
Manholes have the best opinion
Yeah
At first I didn't understand this segment
But that explanation just blew my mind
Ben, I'm here to inform
And you're here to give me opinion
And that's what we're gonna get right now
Let's find out who's out here today
Who wants to talk to me
Petrie Bebe
Alright, what's your deal?
I'm Trippie Bee, you wanna talk to me?
Hi Tripp, hello
I'm Broccoli Anderson
I work in a bank, sure
But I have no idea what we do
Interesting
I come in every morning with a bunch of people
And we all go to our offices
And I just sit there until it's time to leave
Alright
What do bankers do?
Well, I believe there's multiple jobs
You could have at a bank office
I don't know if the term banker
Has a specific connotation for the types of tasks
You would do at a bank
I think if you are
Involved in the receiving
Of funds from clients
And then potentially investing them
Offering various financial services
With the money that they've given you
You're a banker
Can you make it a little clearer for me?
You get money, you keep it in a big vault
Like Scrooge
Oh, well I'm not doing that
Mostly I just wait
Is it not the job of a banker to wait?
Well, you could argue that's a big part
Of it actually
You just take the money, you sit on it
It gives you tremendous power and control
And then you just wait for the value
Of that money to
Really by kind of abstract concepts go up
Really just because you've accumulated
Enough of it that now you can sort of
Dictate a lot of the functions of society
So what do I do?
Well, I guess you have beaten the system
And you just have a job where you do nothing
That's what I fucking thought
Bye bye
Why do I feel like I was just
Scammed somehow?
Maybe I was
Did I give him money and not realize it?
Alright
Let's see who else
Wants to talk to me
Um
Let me see if I can find
The right guy in this park who's
Staring at me
Oh, can't use that one
I'm looking for a specific person on these streets
And it's not showing up for me today
Who I want the streets, I summon him
Them it
Well, I can't find them so whatever
You'll do, yes you there, you want to talk to me
I'm Trippy B
Hey Tripp, what is happening
What is happening right now? Hey Tripp, how you doing man?
I'm okay
It's ya boy
Champion the cat from the massage video
Alright
Do you want a rubdown?
Does the park allow rubdowns in public?
Uh
You want a magnificent meow moment?
Wanna hear a cat giggle?
It's an imposter, be careful.
Prove to me that you're a cat.
I just cleaned myself.
Show me the hand.
That hand's still filthy, you're no cat.
Well shit, I mean I go by champion.
I like cats and I like to touch.
So you tell me cat, trip.
I'm not a cat, I'm trip.
You tell me, trip the cat.
What makes a cat?
Well, it's a species.
It's a species of animal.
It's not like a fiber and energy.
Per for me?
How do they do it?
You're supposed to be a cat.
You've got to learn the basics.
If you want to get any respect in this world as a cat,
who's a person very clearly?
No.
Well, you at least got to get better at per...
What the hell?
Are you a cat?
No, mine's not even that good.
That's my first try champion.
And this is your whole thing, you got to try harder.
I'm sorry.
You're not going to make me feel bad for you.
You're not going to make me feel bad for you.
I'm not a cat.
Stupid of me to even want to be one.
I know.
They knew you were going to use the sad music.
No, I'm not even trying to.
I'm just being a big fucking idiot.
I know I'm not a cat.
It was really dumb of me to try to be.
Yes!
I'm not going to say it's fine.
Okay, I'll just go then.
Fine!
Because I'm such a fool.
I wanted to be because I think they're magical.
But I guess I'm not.
Correct!
Okay, I'm leaving.
You're not getting it out of me.
I'm not going to change my mind.
Insanity.
Who else is out here today?
Oh, we got another opinion kick to the streets.
We got a couple hot opinions today.
Let's see how many May Trippie Bay can get through today.
Sorry, I think we've seen this particular one before.
But it gets me every time.
Alright, let's see what this fellow has to say to us.
Yes, you there?
I'm Trippie B.
I'm not interested.
I cannot be interested in a long time.
I'm a thief.
You know, yeah, you didn't interest me the last time.
Is there anything new about it?
Well, I'm just not interested.
Well, you think Hamtaro is right or is it Hamtaro?
I'm not interested in a long time.
I'm not interested.
You're not getting me.
Just by saying Hamtaro and running away,
I know it's coming at this point.
Every time they think they're wrecking my ass.
Oh, well, they kind of are.
I do feel a little owned.
I can't hide it.
I can't hide anything from you people.
Okay.
Who's this?
Hey, Tripp.
I'm your neighbor Helga from Bush 13 B13.
You sure you're not my neighbor Arnold?
I was just wondering what happened to your twin brother Tripp?
Tripp Badstein.
He was really cool.
And the dynamic, you know, he's like a dynamite.
A dynamite lay.
Whoa, you're too young to know that.
I haven't seen him around in ages.
I'm like in my 30s, man.
I'm in my 30s.
Really?
You tell me, buckaroo.
No, I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to make that decision for you.
What did Tripp Badstein do?
I'm in my 30s, dog.
Don't even stress.
I mean, if you think about it, this neighborhood is from the 90s.
This is just how I look.
So you're, hey, Arnold, no, I'm Helga.
I swapped names with my wife at marriage instead of switch instead of taking her last name.
I took Helga's first name and she took we got married and she took my first name.
So that's Arnold.
I'm Helga and this is Tony Braxton.
He took the name of Tony Braxton not because they got married.
He just liked it.
All right.
Thanks.
What?
Hey, what?
I don't have any follow ups.
I saw no thing to talk about with that particular guy.
I said to say bye.
The winds picked up real strong and blew him away.
Follegies to Helga, I think she got the short end of the stick there.
She should have kept her name.
I guess, hey, Arnold, Lord is complicated.
It all felt like a trap.
It all felt like a trap for me.
All right.
Well, I'm too smart for their traps today.
They keep trying to corner trip.
It's never going to happen.
I don't need no bad scene to get out of a scrape.
Okay.
Yes, you there.
You want to talk to me?
I'm trippy bee.
Hey, trip.
It's me Sonic the Hedgehog.
Hmm.
Well, I don't feel curious.
Have you seen my super awesome movie Sonic the Hedgehog 3 on all digital platforms
today and go see it BTW.
This is a Sonic the Hedgehog 3 ad by Gotta Go Fast.
Zoom.
It's mech-a-sonic.
It looks just like Sonic.
Now I'm Sonic the Hedgehog.
Check out Sonic 3 streaming today on funnelweb.sys.
Huh?
Sonic the Hedgehog.
Get it on a Zoom.
Download it directly off of any target kiosk.
Go to your favorite target.
Plug in your credit card number into the nearest kiosk with the code
mech-a-sonic-Gotta-go.
I think we got a spam Sonic.
No.
Go to the nearest.
Go to your nearest.
Long John Silver's.
We're running a 6x8 promotion.
Six Sonics for every eight fish fingers.
And plug into the nearest Long John Silver's kiosk.
Reconnect your Zoom cord style.
Connect the Zoom into the Long John Silver's auto checkout kiosk
to receive your free copy of up to six minutes of the Sonic
the Hedgehog 3.
All right.
Well, I don't I think I'm again, I feel like I'm being trapped
in a good day.
The wind's very strong today.
Check out my latest Zoom project Sonic the Hedgehog 3.
I think it was Sonic.
I think it is having a bad day.
But I mean, I've been wrong before.
So look, I'm not, I'm not saying I can never be tricked.
Just saying it's really hard.
It's mostly really hard to trick me.
Oh, what's this guy want?
Hey, Tripp.
It's me, Champion.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, you look different.
I'm back.
You know, and you know, you know why?
Kids can'ts don't give a fuck.
You're back on being a cat.
I do what I want.
No pet me.
Pet me or I'll bite you.
No, I'm not.
I'm not accepting this.
Well then, stare at my asshole while I walk away.
Stare at it, Tripp.
Tripp, you're on the wrong side.
Come around this.
Come around back.
He walked away backwards.
He couldn't even do that right.
He should have, all he had to do was turn around.
All right, well, all right.
Let's see who else is out here today for Trippie Bee.
Oh God, what's this?
What are you?
Yes, hello, sure.
Hey, I'm Ralph.
Hey, you got great hands.
Massage me.
What is with the park today?
Well, you know what, it's actually not that unusual.
Rub me like a good cat, Daddy.
Hmm.
Is that purring?
Rub me.
Rub me back to life.
What?
I'm disappearing, Tripp.
I need to be touched to prove that I'm real.
Rub me.
You do, I feel like the problem is you've been rubbed too much.
I think not in case his brother has the score of it.
No.
No, I need to be rubbed to prove that I'm real.
Is that a beard?
What is going on with your chin?
It's my neck beard.
Rub me.
You can touch it.
It's one of the few parts of me that's not vanishing.
What's going on with you, Ralph?
It's a back to the future situation.
I fucked my cousin in the past.
What?
And it's making me disappear.
Whoa.
Look, I met my cousin in high school and in high school she was hot.
I traveled back six years to when she was in high school in 2018.
And I'm 16.
Okay, I'm currently 16, but now I'm disappearing because I changed the past by fucking my cousin.
Why are you telling me this?
Look, I gotta rub me or I'll disappear.
This is basically the plot of Back to the Future.
I didn't do it that different.
Why are you trying to do the plot of Back to the Future at all?
I don't know.
Why is mine worse?
He tries to fuck his mom.
He doesn't try to.
He doesn't fuck his mom.
She tries to fuck him.
Well, you know, when my cousin came onto me, I couldn't say no because she was banging
and get the fuck out of here, Ralph.
No, I need to be rubbed or I'm going to dis-please, man.
That's not how that works.
You misunderstood Back to the Future.
Sorry, everybody.
They're giving me a hard time today.
I'm having a hard time.
He didn't fuck his mom.
I don't understand how fucking his cousin changed it that much.
Also, he traveled back to when he was already alive.
I guess they also did that in Back to the Future, but I don't know why his time travel
follows Back to the Future rules.
It doesn't matter.
Someone else is coming.
Let's just see what they have to say.
We are thunder.
That's pretty taken IP.
We are about one fifth through reading the Marvel Rivals lore.
And we have discovered a tale of forbidden love.
You look more like Scorpion.
The tree creature has sent to Star Planet.
And we're not sure.
Um, we're not sure if we approve.
Uh, he's got a quite a look, but he's not Venom.
We are Venom.
I'm the ancient spirit of a warrior named Venom
that inhabited the skull of a different guy.
Oh, so you're not the m-
No, I'm playing Marvel Rivals.
And I am the entity known as Venom.
An ancient warrior spirit that inhabited the skull of a different guy.
Well, in the modern times, there's a different Venom that's more popular,
but whatever, he's already dug his roots back on the tree now.
He's already dug his roots deep into Clintar.
And they literally just met.
I am Groot.
No, what?
As what something one of them says,
more like I am taking advantage of the naive hive mind.
What's the Lord?
Look, we will destroy the tree creature for soling our ground with Haseen.
Haseen.
We are big fan by the way.
Good day, Trap.
I had questions, actually. I did have questions.
Always the ones I want to ask stuff about that runaway.
Okay, well look, there's a lot of stuff still to do on the stream,
so I'm getting the light, but thank you so much for the opinions.
I do believe that's real lore. I don't understand it.
I really don't. I wish I did, but I honestly don't.
And what the fuck?
I'm disappearing, man.
I'm just waiting to see if you care.
Well, I'm waiting for opinions, okay?
And we're done. We're at negative one opinion because of you.
Okay, well.
And I'm not rubbing you.
Look, we're gonna get out of here before I have to talk to this guy more.
Thank you so much. I am staying on the streets.
No matter what Ralph wants, I want you to stay too.
Well, I'm...
unrelated to Ralph. I am staying.
We'll see you soon. Stay fresh.
Give me your hot opinions. I'm Trippie B. I'm never going fucking anywhere.
Ralph won't scare me for one second. Bye-bye.
Stop that.
Hey. Oh yeah, grandma.
And during therapy, is that...
I was told I need...
I'm assuming physical therapy.
Because my muscles have bunions.
I was told...
Uh, mutton chops.
Yes. I'm not looking to lose those.
I lose them daily and I like them.
Do you like massages?
Yeah, okay. I guess I see how this is gonna be.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean...
I'm assuming that's part of this.
You're getting massages going.
Give me a little rubby-doo.
And that's what we're doing here.
Would you rub Ralph and how hard?
Ralph that...
My grandson Ralph?
Every day I feel like I remember him less well.
My grandson Ralph? I think he's 16.
Wild kid.
Sometimes you see him young. You're like,
he's gonna grow up to be a wild...
he's gonna grow up a weird one.
I'm gonna steer clear of that one.
I've not gotten close to him.
Where am I?
Yeah, well, what the...
Don't try to...
You're trying to do exposure therapy
because you think I got the...
the dear mentees.
You think I'm going full to mentor on you?
I'm sharp enough to not be insulted, so...
Would you rub Ralph and how hard?
I'm not rubbing Ralph.
I don't like the way he looks at some of his extended family.
And I want to encourage that behavior.
Cup of noodles. I don't even wear.
Sack kneel. What?
Prunes or metamucil?
They're better, better together.
Peanut butter or jelly. I eat about two both.
But if I had to pick, metamucil obviously.
I can live without prunes.
I'm not even trying to wake up in a world
with no metamucil.
Just... just choke me with prunes at that point.
Is Ralph Munch cut your grandson?
I don't know.
Now, he's a good Ralph crumble bottom.
16 year old.
And my memory about him feels like it's fading away every day.
I don't know why.
Not related to my brain
because I remember all my other kids real good.
What are your thoughts on glowing jellyfish anus?
And I don't...
Do they do that?
I thought that they glued up
so they for them to see deep in the James Cameron hole.
The abbey is where they live and they need the lights in their butts.
To know where their soup is.
Do you know that DEI?
Do you know what DEI is, Grandma?
And... is that like when they tell kids not to do drugs?
Deire?
Please tell me your secret recipe for pecan pie.
Mostly. I like to just put some pecan in bread.
I think kids these days are spoiled.
Back in the day, if you could afford store bought wonder bread,
you'd put anything on it. You'd eat it up.
You wouldn't make it because it come to good to go.
Back then we respected the bread drawer
and we knew that it was a miracle that we had one.
So we'd just put anything we could find on bread.
Assaulted bread.
Couple peanuts on there.
Spreading one grape over a whole bread.
Now you got an album. Now you got a 40 grape for a bread.
You got a poop? Yeah, all the time.
What's going on?
We're linking in and out of here. What's going on with that?
You fixed that? There you go.
What the hell?
Do you think gonorrhea is stronger in Florida?
What the heck?
Yeah. Stupid sexy group.
The tree guy?
From Marble Rival?
Yeah, I can see it.
He grew up strong.
He used to be a little cutie. Now he's a big macho boy.
Would you name your grandson champion? Yes.
Okay.
Have you seen Ralph's cousin?
Tanantha?
Tanantha.
Beautiful.
He's older than him though. Six years older, exactly.
Yeah.
Do you do it back to the future?
Did you do it back to the future? Are you Ralph's cousin?
No, he's six years older than him.
I'm four hundred years older than him.
Just therapy.
What's come? Is that one of the new marble guys?
Because I don't know some of those marble guys.
There's like a shark cat.
And there's a cat cat who's proud of his heritage.
And I support that. But he's a cat.
He's like a black cat.
And he's proud of being that.
Do you call him baby Yoda or Grogu?
Brogu.
I combine them.
What are your thoughts on flying right?
Ow.
That's what I thought.
What was it like to punch fastest in the balls in 1944?
Don't do it. They like it.
And most of them like it.
You learn real quick.
That's a trick just to get any, just to get some feeling down there.
They will beg for it.
Now, probably still, that was my point.
Describe what Joe Biden tasted like in the forties.
Baby.
And the reason he likes kissing him so much is he was one.
And that's hard to believe.
But right around that.
I remember one of the best tasting babies there was.
They passed a model around and said, give him a sniff, sniff, sniff.
Which is a kiss and a sniff.
We call it a sniff back then.
Marble superheroes.
I like them all. Their bodies are crazy.
These kids are the kids.
The people they play with on a screen are in great shape.
Even if the kids are getting worse and worse.
They're going to like lumpy little babies.
No hesitation.
Is life a simulation?
Yes. Breakthrough.
Yeah, sure. For you, maybe.
I've known. I've been known.
I hit the level cap 20 years ago.
And now I've been coasting games over for me.
So what are you staring at me for?
I'll slack, Jody, little pansy.
Shack?
I've been with him.
Yeah.
Do you miss penny candy?
Nah. I like it more expensive.
I like it cost a lot.
These kids don't deserve penny candies.
He ain't earned them.
Shaquille?
I call him Ash Dog.
On which shoulder do you feel the icy hand of death upon you?
It is really kind of actually rubbing up my lower back.
And it's a little sensual.
I say it's scary, but every day I'm like, you perv.
You are very handsy.
Don't blame others for the problems you cause.
Too late. Try to stop me.
Is your fault the roads are ugly now?
Ugliest roads I've ever seen back in the day used to be mostly cute ponies.
Pretty roads, lots of grasses.
Sometimes in a road just became a wood.
And then you're in the woods and then pretty woods.
Not like the scary hobbit woods with spiders.
Good woods.
Nah, they're mostly hobbit woods.
Best dumpy black widow, Psylocke or Venom?
Venom.
What was kindergarten like with Ben Franklin?
Real fucking bad kid.
Used to run around with scissors.
Put scissors on a string.
He didn't understand kites yet. He was too young.
He put scissors on a string. Metal ones.
He'd try to get him to fly running around.
Sharp scissors. Just dangling on a string.
Bouncing all around and just shouting out,
I'm gonna approve. Zeus is real.
And he would yeet.
They think that's their thing.
He's fucking kids back in 1821.
1721.
1742.
Anyway, he got electrocuted all the time.
His little scissors tracked the fury of Zeus.
He's cutting up everybody out, watching them.
It's a mess.
Are you going to show up in the Royal Rumble?
Get plan planning on it.
Melon buffet or waffle party?
Melon party.
What was your least favorite person to play Jumbilaya with?
Probably the little ugly man in the middle.
Mostly him. The little ugly middle man.
Don't like the cut of his block.
No yeet. Yeeting on me, eating out of here.
That's all the time we have.
That's all I'm calling my session for the day.
That's all you can handle.
I could do therapy for hours, but I can tell you're tired.
Ha ha ha ha.
Don't laugh at me.
I ain't see a Bugs Bunny cartoon playing for 25 cents.
So what are you laughing at?
I am tired. I bet you are.
I just rode your brain like Sammy Davis Jr.
After the pennant.
Sleepy boy. Sleepy boy.
Sleepy boy. Bye bye.
Geez, they threw to me so aggressively.
No preamble at all?
Straight to the music?
If that's how the kids are doing it these days,
then that's fine by me.
Yeah.
That auto tune is still perpetuing out my voice,
so it's not happening y'all.
Look, um, just to be clear,
today this segment is also brought to you by
Artificial Intelligence.
I think I can find it.
So just in the interest of full clarity,
I gotta also play that intro.
There are a lot of no-nothing fools
who don't appreciate the modern art
being put out there for the place they're known by.
So I know this is true.
That's anyone of those no-nothing fools.
Who is Grandma's secret lover?
We're gonna have AI Rooney out here in a second.
I just wanted to play a scary intro for fun,
so we don't get to any more.
Who is Grandma's secret lover?
Is it the cat or Jeyusu or Chet?
You tell me.
She seems like a vivacious and, uh,
still full of life lady, so...
I'm not sure.
Could be anybody.
All right, let's see.
What are we talking about today?
There's a small plane crash that's sad.
Kai Sanat was mean to a robot.
That's what we were supposed to talk about.
There's also a robot marathon, apparently.
Let's see what the deal is.
Looks like her lover is Jeyusu,
yeeting all over the place.
I feel like...
she would make him eat, for sure.
He would be the one doing the yeeting
I take in that situation.
If I'm understanding the meaning correct.
Of yeeting.
Which I'm probably not.
Okay. Sorry, the story.
I'm buying some unusual setup.
Endless ad block.
Okay. Some sexy robot instrumental's going.
In honor of this song.
Sorry, in honor of this new song.
New- New-Zik.
Something I call it, New-Zik.
This is sexy robots.
We'll see what that means.
I'll tell you what's a little less sexy.
Twish streamer Kai Sanat, apparently.
Mistreating robots?
He's slammed for abusing
$70,000 humanoid robot.
Apparently it's disturbing to watch.
Various viewers are calling him out.
Saying to stop.
Controversial Twitch streamer Kai Sanat.
Being called out for being too sick.
Some are calling an ab whore in.
$70,000 trick.
Lift from the stream to immediate backlash on X.
Formerly Twitter.
Not the best.
There we go.
You want to rap real quick?
This terrible music we're listening to.
See what else we got.
I typed in sexy robot music.
And I don't know if that's what we got.
Look at this guy.
Robots have different views on what sexy is.
Alright.
Look at this guy.
Lift from the stream to immediate backlash on X.
Formerly known as Twitter.
Kai Sanat, it turns out that he's a real clear robot hitter.
Taking down the robot and troubling footage that many have sent.
Bullying is what some of the people said.
But hitting around the screen is not the best.
After being knocked down and making several attempts to stand back up.
The robot could not.
The humanoid is seen fleeing from the scene because the actions he took were not hot.
The captain from the viral crew had explained that he was taking place as the X.
He was a robot.
Kai Sanat 70K a humanoid is not the go.
The robot has tried to run away from the AMB house because it kept getting kicked by Kai Sanat.
And the exit and another guy named Phantom.
God damn.
I don't really know what a lot of those words even mean.
But I do know that kicking robots in the head that are working for you is not the god damn robot dream.
Let's see.
Can we find a video?
Robot abuse is something that this dream is trying to show.
Okay.
Kai Sanat.
Robot.
Come on man.
Where's the Kai Sanat Robot abuse video?
That's the kind of thing that this dream is a show.
Looks like I found the video.
Let's see a couple bros.
Do some abuse.
Oh no.
Look at this.
Get ready to like someone you probably don't like that much already.
Even less.
Wait a minute this is pretty mild.
Oh that's less mild.
That's the name of the robot actually.
Not everybody can say it unfortunately.
It's not the smartest name for a robot.
Oh man.
Your mom's at my butt.
Wait wait he's actually having a hit.
Oh watch out watch out watch out.
Bro this is 70,000 bro.
Oh he's tweaking it bro.
I need some lasers.
I just realized the problem is we don't have our lasers going on.
I need some lasers if I'm gonna watch some robot abuse.
Labor's always making me feel bad or it's what I choose.
Woo.
Look sometimes you want to just promote your new highly advanced robot.
But you give it to a couple streamers whose immediate thought is let's beat the shit out of this thing for some reason.
Because hashtag content is always doing the worst thing you can think of.
I'll tell you what.
We've heard plenty of my thoughts and yelling.
Yelling over music.
Yelling over noises.
But my special guest is empowered by highly advanced new technology.
That allows him to immediately turn your complaints into raps.
Oh check it out.
I was gonna use deep-seek actually.
But it's telling me that it's unsafe.
I wonder why I'm getting a warning message about deep-seek.
Will it load at all?
Oh have they successfully...
Has something happened with deep-seek where there's some reason this website's not working?
It is just deep-seek.com right?
Have they successfully taken it down already?
Wow.
Okay now it's working.
Now it's working.
I believe K's already signed us up for an account.
Okay great he did.
Here we go.
Let's get a little background music going.
You are the...
You are a writer for 60...
Oh my god I can't type.
I mostly sing so I can't type.
For 60 minutes specifically the segment with...
Was it Ale Rooney?
What's his full name?
I can't even fucking remember.
Andy Rooney.
Um...
Right and incredibly insightful rant
in the style of Andy Rooney
about the following complaints.
Here we go.
Alright chat.
What we need now is for you to fill up the powerful proprietary software
known as Deep-Seek Rooney
aka AI Rooney
with any complaints that have been bothering you at all.
So just let us know if you've had anything that's really been grinding your hypothetical gear
throw them in the chat right now.
We'll feed them into this incredibly powerful machine
as far as I understand it
and then like a DJ
spin in those discs
it'll plop out some incredible poetry for you.
Everything.
We're taking it.
We'll put it second though.
Before that
Falun Gong is the best religion.
The hype trains are too long these days.
You're telling me.
Okay.
We only need like two or three more honestly.
I should also number these.
Or numbering our complaints.
I don't know about everyone else but that's the longest I've been trained.
God damn.
The pretzels you get are too big.
Absolutely.
They used to be mouth sized.
Now they're the size of your dang head.
Head?
Look I'm all love but I can get into some Andy Rooney style complaints.
Plains don't stay in the air.
That's a dark one but you know
maybe Andy Rooney can make it fun.
Sorry AI Rooney.
Groot needs to ask Null for permission before seducing
the surface of Clintog.
And honestly that is just so sad
because it hasn't always been that way.
Honestly that's probably enough.
Blue Hair for Life is very supportive so
I'll assume that's not a complaint
and we'll cut it off there.
Some incredible complaints.
Let's see how this magical software handles this.
Alright.
We have to let it finish and then we have to turn it into a rap.
Just so you know.
What if there's a 60 minutes trap remix?
The 60 minutes have a theme?
A 60 minutes theme.
They're like music associated with the show 60 minutes?
Oh just a clock.
Okay then we're gonna go with clock trap beat.
It's not clocky enough.
That's a clock right there.
Okay.
Wow look Deepseek is sparing no expense.
Okay.
Now please turn.
What?
No it took it away.
It did it and then it took it away.
Let's simplify it.
We'll just say please write an insightful
but brief rant in the style of Andy Rooney
about the following complaints.
You can do it.
We believe in you Deepseek.
Uh oh are we proving in real time
that this technology is inferior to chat GPT?
Uh oh is it gonna run out of steam again?
Is it gonna be outside of its scope?
Come on you can do it.
We believe in you.
You're so close.
Okay I think that did it.
Now please turn that rant into a rap.
That's beyond your scope.
This isn't a good rap.
This is just a general rap.
Okay you know what we're gonna try something else.
There's gotta be a way to do this.
Please write a rap M&M style
about the following complaints
and why they are bad.
Take out the words seducing.
Oh that could be it.
We'll see if it says this is outside of its scope.
It's doing it.
We just need it to not delete this when it's done.
If it won't do it after this
we'll take out the words seducing.
It made it to the outro.
That's a good sign.
Mic drop.
It ends with a mic drop.
Please deep seek.
Don't take it down.
Don't show us that real time Chinese censorship
we're all so sad about.
Okay look it's still here.
Oh it did take it down.
Fuck.
We're gonna try again.
We're just gonna copy what it says to a different doc
before it has the chance to take it down.
Okay okay okay.
I gotta be quick here.
Uh oh I gotta be quicker than I am.
We're holding.
We're ready.
We're ready to hit control C so hard.
We've got this.
We can do this.
Uh oh I didn't get it all.
I didn't get it all.
I'm gonna try to just get it real quick.
Eh eh eh.
Okay I think I got it.
I think I got it.
Alright.
Phew let me just open a Google doc.
Really quick.
Real quick Google doc.
You can't censor AI Rooney.
Too powerful with these incredible rhymes.
Alright I definitely fucking got it.
Boom now we're ready.
Okay sorry we've lost our music
because I was just so focused.
It's one of the few times in my life
I've ever let the music die.
But it was only to create even more powerful music.
Courtesy of AI Rooney.
Alright where is he?
Gotta get this guest ready.
Oh he's good to go.
Okay please welcome to the stage at this time
ready to complain about all sorts of shit.
I'm assuming.
It's AI Rooney.
Yo.
Yo.
T-T-T-T-T-G-X on a B.
Uh turn way up.
Uh turn way up.
Oh yes.
60 minutes on the track motherfucker.
Let me break it down right now.
Eminem style.
Got a list of complaints.
I've been there for a while.
First up we got Fallon Gong.
They claim they're the best.
Well bitch they're wrong.
Religion's subjective.
But let's put it to rest.
Spreading their message.
So call it a cult.
But who's the judge?
Man it's difficult.
Result close up.
Who's the judge?
Man it's difficult result.
Keep it respectful.
A fine freedom of belief.
Yeah.
What?
It's a right huh?
Religion.
What?
It's a right.
It's a right.
Feeling right.
Just saying right.
Next up everything.
Man that's too broad.
Complaining about it.
Oh man that's just a mix.
Bad.
The good and the bad.
For one about everything.
That's just sad.
Your battle's focused on what's real.
Otherwise your gripes just lose their appeal.
Keep it specific.
Don't drown in the noise.
Or you'll end up a punchline.
Of all of the boys.
That's right.
What?
It's a right.
Huh?
What?
It's a right.
It's a right.
What?
Yeah.
It's a right.
Get it right.
What?
It's a right.
Okay.
It's a right.
Too long man I feel your pain.
Plains growing up.
Don't vanish like the rain.
That's how it goes.
The cycle's still the same.
Today's the sensation.
Tomorrow's the name.
And the press is too big.
That's a snack attack.
Used to be so small.
Now they're breaking your back.
Why ain't more too much?
Why you mad?
Just break it in half.
It ain't death but that's right.
Yes.
That's right.
It's a right.
Pretzels?
It's a right.
Okay.
It's a right.
Okay.
I guess, um, I guess you, what?
You're not done?
Nope.
Nah nah.
Drop that beat again.
I got some more to say.
What more is there to say?
Won't too much.
I'm not done.
Plains should stay in the air.
Take it easy.
That's a wild tape.
Rabbit is a thing man.
Give it a break.
The lack of reason refueled and reloaded.
Otherwise we'll just be stuck on roads.
What?
Sorry, that's my opinion.
Shut up and listen man.
I'm so pumped to spit me.
Now, Groot and Noel.
That's a cosmic affair.
Simply old drama, baby.
That's beyond compare.
But ask him permission.
That's just absurd.
Loves the force of nature.
That cannot be deterred.
Climbed to the surface.
Groots are playing man.
Who's no the judge?
He's just one man.
Let the floor of flirt.
Send your sway.
It's the galaxy.
Let him play.
Chaos.
Lost.
Make some mistakes.
Yo the boss and that's a right.
Okay, that's a right.
Is that a right?
That's a right.
Chaos?
That's a right.
Don't want right.
Chaos.
That's a right.
The galaxy is right.
Let Groot fuck a planet.
Alright?
Let me finish with this.
This you catch my jets.
My gears are grinding.
But it's still cure-bless.
So there you have it.
My rapping place.
Tellin' them style.
No need for restraint.
Not.
Fallen religion to snacks.
From place to the style.
Loss of wild rhyme.
No matter who you are.
My drop piece.
I'm done with this year.
Next time you complain.
Make sure that it's scam so shut up.
There we go.
Jeez.
He seemed kinda mad about just the act of complaining.
I thought that was sort of his whole thing.
Like he did complain.
China you done done it again.
Okay well, damn.
That's a stream.
200 subs dropping in baby.
That is the dream.
And I thank you all for checking it out.
We streamed for a while today.
There is no doubt.
I mean for normal streamers it was not that much.
But case can only do for hours.
Because he's so touched.
And at the end of that.
You know what we say.
It's time to send it out baby.
It's time for a raid.
Alright let's see who the fuck is on.
Get it on.
We're sending it away.
It's because we love my core.
Woo.
Alright y'all.
That's gonna do it for me.
A marathon of hitting buttons.
And technically we covered every story in the title.
Which is another goal of cases apparently.
Covered in quotes.
What a day y'all. Stay safe.
From tragedies to sub drops.
We've got it all here apparently.
If your definition of all is extremely limited.
What do you do?
I'm gonna shout out the viewers.
And thank them for coming through.
Skymarth thanks gang.
I say thank you to you.
We got M4Low 22.
What do you do?
We got Rebelry Wolf.
Lance Howell at the moon.
You know what I'm shouting out.
We got those all rules coming through.
Okay Apple, Apple and Live and Sleazy.
Two.
Sub-breachy masterminds always know just what to do.
Ray Silver Commander Gabb.
You all are the best.
Drop it way too much love onto my hairy ass chest.
Bee Grando.
Great to see you as well.
Ooh that's a smell.
Pick up your arms.
And realize that it is time for a shower.
Well I'm gonna go take one so that I can't feel so empowered.
Sky Parker, let's thank you for coming in.
But now we are done.
Five, four, three, two, one.
And they're rated out y'all.
That's it for us.
Newzicking our asses off.
But the song's done.
Bye bye.