I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Why hello everybody!
It's...
Oh yeah, this hair is looking strong today guys.
It's Wednesday. It's almost Thanksgiving.
Just lining this up. Oh yeah, that was perfect.
Hello! Good to see everybody. Hope you're having a beautiful pre-
the most thankful day of the year.
I... call me a realist. Thank you for the showering me with the tiny five bits, but in large amounts.
My God! I've never seen such a method of bit donation.
Also, thank you to Propaganda for the 34 months. Yes, that's 34 months of this.
An absolute bit, daddy, raining these bits on me.
Jamming them into my G-string and it feels so good.
It feels almost too good.
Papito? Yes.
You move your camera around? I didn't touch a thing.
It's where I've always been. I think somebody knocked the camera back.
Anyway, see you everybody.
Papito, did you install new buttons for yourself?
I've literally never done anything here ever.
And I never will.
Okay. Yeah, your desk is... I mean, I've known that your desk is small the whole time.
You're looking right at me, man.
What do you want from me? You put me behind this thing.
I put on a little coat for you. What do you need?
He is just a little dog.
I'm just a little guy.
People ask too much of me.
All I am is the Pope of this stream and the producer.
All I am is your religious leader and technical expert.
I thought you said you're not an expert.
Because I'm not. I still don't know what I'm saying, case.
Can we move on, please?
Sure, okay.
He is a Pope. That's true.
He is a Pope of the stream.
All right. Well, I figured we'd... You know, I kind of like starting with chat news.
The news that chat has shared. It's sort of nice.
It's not about, you know, like war crimes and stuff.
So maybe we'll just keep that up for a while, unless there's a story I feel like we really have to talk about.
So let's send it to a little bit of the news that you have shared at the cream.team.
It's time for some news.
No, Jeff, today.
I guess some people actually get the day off for Thanksgiving.
Not me, the hardest working man in news business.
I'm here on the fucking day of our Lord and Savior, Turkey Jesus.
Well, that's what the kind of shipcase runs around here. No days off.
It's the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. It's a full week holiday.
The many days of Thanksgiving. It's an Ann of Sandler movie.
I can't prove that it's not. I haven't kept up with this movie. It is. It's one of them.
17 crazy Thanksgiving nights.
Okay.
Anyway, good to see everybody. I'm here to read the news that you have shared.
Pepito, has it pulled up?
Yes.
It is?
You're not supposed to talk to me. You're not supposed to talk to me.
Well, you have other people. It's too confusing.
It seems fine to me. Yeah, I'm not that confused, Pepito.
Everybody chill. Get your news up.
You're thankful for a big slice of big cheddar? Of course you are.
And happy Christmas? Thanksgiving. You're just talking about it. Right.
It's Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas. They're all jumbled up for me.
Sometimes I dress as Jack Skellington to Eastern, you know.
It happens to the best of us. It really shouldn't happen.
But yet it does.
What kind of news we got? I don't know. That's a really great question.
Chat, what have you shared in the news shoot?
Let's find out. Look, it's my handsome boy. Cash Money Patel.
I'm sure he's got something good for us today. 3D printed guns.
3D printed guns. FBI boss. Cash Patel gifted to New Zealand officials.
We're toy inspired. Great news, everybody.
Inoperable pistols gifted by FBI director Cash Patel to senior New Zealand news security officials
had to relinquish them for destruction because they were illegal to possess.
They were revolvers inspired by toy nerf guns and popular among 3D printed weapons hobbyists
documents obtained by the Associated Press Show.
I mean on the list of scandals, does this one really matter?
Well, it's sort of funny. Are there pictures of these guns?
Come on, AP. Don't leave us without pictures of these guns.
Alright, we gotta do a little research here.
Cash Patel, 3D printed guns. In his defense.
A gun that looks, an actual gun that looks like a nerf gun.
I would want that. I would. I mean, it's extremely dangerous because I have six kids
and it will look like a straight up toy. But... I'm gonna be on a list.
Hey, if I'm not on one already then what's the guy gotta do around here?
Nobody's got pictures of these guns?
These are it? Okay, wait, wait. I think I might have found a story that actually
links to them or... not?
Holy shit, Facebook is insane now. Why is this on Facebook? Is this it?
This is the best photo I could find.
This guy? Oh, this guy.
This is possibly the 3D printed gun.
This thing right here. I can sort of see the nerf inspiration.
It should be in kind of like purple and yellow colors if they really wanted to commit.
This is a little severe for a nerf gun, but if you have to...
It does look like a straight up... does it fire actual bullets?
Maybe it fires nerf guns, but at bullet-like velocity.
I guess there's no choice but to read slightly more of the reporting from the AP.
Oh, they're in not...
In New Zealand, inoperable... so they weren't operable.
Inoperable weapons are treated as functional.
Oh, God. It's all happening at once.
There's too much going on right now.
We're learning about guns. We're getting blasted by a powerful train of hype.
What is one to do in this madcap world?
Good.
Yes?
What?
I don't know.
I don't know. What? What? What? What?
It's a hype train, Shad. Don't panic.
Nobody panic. It's just a hype train.
I may have made out of...
Sort of insanely updated a number of things that might not be quite working as intended right now.
But don't let that stop you, hype train.
I don't...
What? Anything stopped me?
I've never been stopped for a second!
You're kind of...
You're kind of translucent today.
Is that intentional?
Everything I do is intentional.
Everything I've ever done is fully intentional.
Hmm, okay.
Yes!
Oh, God, the subs are coming!
Yes!
Ew.
No, not well, yeah, like that.
Anyway, whatever.
I kind of like this guy's vibe. He sort of gives no fucks, just like your boy Big C.
Can he at least just say Big Cheddar?
Not when I'm not giving fucks.
I'm picking up your vibe check.
And I...
And I'm...
It makes me want to...
It makes me want to...
Because it'll have to someday...
Pittle?
This is the kind of thing you talk to.
I don't usually interact with this thing.
Can we go back to not being able to interact with this thing?
You said you f...
Dig this vibe.
Now he's piddling.
I don't know what that means.
It means to piss.
Sort of like, gently?
Okay, I'm back in.
Anyway, what are you talking about?
We're going through the important news of the day.
Various FBI, sort of the leader of the FBI,
printing guns and stuff.
Okay.
Turn me down.
Pull up and type B.
Only guns, please.
I like where your head's at.
Okay, thank you.
Giggle trash.
Five subs blessing and right out of my ass.
He's going in, is it?
Yeah, he's going right in.
And chance in too.
With some rhymes for him.
Yeah, Chet, that was nice.
Getting hype.
Hype train, baby.
And you know I got lice.
I saw the nurse and she said that I was a mass infection.
Then I taught the whole school a nasty lesson.
Bumble sprout with 100 slick bits.
And currently working with some tier one.
That's the shit.
We talking 37 months that you've been living this.
As well as funnel seven.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Yes, all gone.
There's no guns in this.
It's an all gone beat.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
All gone.
Thank you so much for the bits and subs.
And Apple Dapples still addicted.
I'm assuming to snap over 100 bits.
And they some in the pamphlet.
Does he always do that?
Well, if it's a panther, shut up.
All gone.
I got a dilemma.
I got a bullet to send you.
But I don't have any posted.
So I guess I might just bend your over and tell you that I got a nice gun.
Type B.
And even a hundred bits dilemma.
We're supposed to be doing the news hype train.
Isn't that what you always say?
That is what he always says.
Check your the one reading it.
Yes.
Why are you complaining case?
Thank you all for the bits and subs.
It's such a thankful news day.
Some of us are actually thankful like me.
The slightly translucent hype train.
I kind of like these a little bit translucent.
And I can't even hear these bears popping off with their AKs.
Bears were being too loud last time.
So now they're being a little more quiet.
Unless they're not.
It's also possible check in here them and I can't.
Okay.
Wait, I think they can one second.
It didn't.
I couldn't fix it in time.
I couldn't fix it in time.
In my defense, I think that's.
Beato's job.
So.
Oh shit.
He died.
He died off camera.
There I turned it down.
I turned down the guns.
I didn't ask you to do that.
The bolts are too distracting.
I'm like, I go into immediate superhero mode.
I'm like, who must I defend?
Okay.
Wait, we were talking about Cache Battelle before we got all hyped up.
There's a brief but powerful hype train.
Truly.
I was impressed.
I'm like, what is the so anyway, he gave them inoperable guns.
I'm assuming.
I don't know.
The process is very.
I'm going to vomit the AP reported that Patel gifted the plastic 3d replica revolvers to New Zealand's police and spa chiefs along with two cabinet ministers in July.
The documents released this week identified the model as the Maverick PG 2 2 a working revolver modeled on the same brightly colored toy guns of the same name.
Pistols are tightly restricted under New Zealand law requiring a permit law enforcement agencies didn't say whether the officials who met with Patel held such permits.
Without them, they couldn't legally keep the gun.
Why are they getting the guns or not?
Why does he look like AI?
Because he's committed to the technologies committed to the future of this nation.
Beautiful tech giants that are currently ensuring our economic prosperity.
Oh, is that what they're doing?
Yeah, I heard that they've like propped up the economy or something.
And I'm a big fan of prop.
Okay.
So it's cash.
Tell you gave them gun prop.
The gifted item was a 3d replica of a firearm.
It was specifically designed to be incapable of firing ammunition.
Okay.
Patel gave a bunch of New Zealand cops inoperable 3d printed guns that look like Nerf guns.
Yeah.
So what's the problem?
That's just such a crazy gift.
Crazy, crazy cool.
Sort of.
But why?
Because it's nerf or nothing.
Didn't you ever learn that?
I've heard that.
Well, he's living that our boy here is living that case.
It's against progress.
What type of progress is that?
The nerf type or nothing.
Anyway, let's move on.
There's more to talk about.
Not just you cash.
Oh, we're going into the swirling webs today.
But I can't do double.
I got stuff to do.
It's like I got a whole family.
So I got to Thanksgiving stuff.
So somebody else will do it, but that will be happening today.
Political consultant defies court order over Biden mimicking AI robocalls in New Hampshire.
A political consultant who sent an artificial intelligence generating robocalls mimicking former president Joe Biden in New Hampshire,
Democrats said Tuesday he will not pay $22,500 to voters despite a recent federal court order.
Shit.
Well, the president did set a precedent because he's the president that you can ignore court orders.
Yeah, he pretty much made it cool for all of us to ignore court orders.
I don't think there's consequences for doing it anymore.
I see no reason for us to correct you saying that.
Our boy cash agrees too.
The order issued Friday in a lawsuit brought by League of Women Voters came five months after a jury acquitted Steve Kramer of voter suppression and impersonating a candidate.
In the civil case, the judge entered a default judgment after Kramer failed to appear in court.
I do feel like we need to hear one of these Joe Biden AI robocall emails.
Biden mimicking AI robocalls in New Hampshire.
Let's see if we can find the type of thing we're dealing with here.
Can you imagine somebody using the president's voice like that just for whatever the fuck they wanted?
That's truly evil.
That couldn't be me.
Wouldn't be me.
Here's a fake Biden robocall.
CNN's got us.
Possibly.
CNN, don't, don't let me down now.
Oh, it's in their terrible CNN player.
A dirty political trick in New Hampshire.
Dirty political trick in New Hampshire.
It's important that you save your vote for the November election.
Voting this Tuesday only enables the Republicans in their quest to elect Donald Trump again.
Now that sounds like a plea for the...
Say that one more time.
...voting the political trick in New Hampshire.
It's important that you save your vote for the November election.
Voting this Tuesday only enables the Republicans in their quest to elect Donald Trump again.
Now that sounds like a plea from Joe Biden except that it isn't.
Oh.
And now it's under investigation by the New Hampshire Attorney General.
Guys, great news.
Oh, shit.
Who's that walking over here?
That candle fucking lit.
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in candle.
Got a vibe so wild, Mrs. Grace Mail.
This is a real candle.
This is not a robo-kendle.
This is the real deal, Kendall.
Oh, God.
Kendall, you want to hear robo-joe-biden robo-calls?
Sure.
Tell me if you can... I shouldn't have told you so that you could decide for yourself if you think this is him.
So try to eliminate that information I just told you.
Okay, yeah, absolutely.
It's important that you save your vote for the November election.
Okay, here you go.
It's important that you save your vote for the November election.
Voting this Tuesday only enables the Republicans in their quest to elect Donald Trump again.
Now that sounds...
Pretty close, right?
The again was really good.
Again.
I thought they again.
The again was pretty good.
They nailed one of the words.
It might have been the pause before again, but the again, pretty good.
I think it kind of sounds like him in front of a phone, like, just exhausted, can barely read anymore.
Yeah, you know what's giving?
I'm already in bed.
The lights are off.
Why did you call me at this time of night?
Yeah, the dialysis machine is on.
What do I have to read?
Yeah, I was imagining him on his side, but he definitely has to be on his back of three pillows on his head.
They need to get him to be like a little...
He needs to say a few words wrong.
He needs to be like, again.
Because he's old?
Or just trying to re-engage all the Republicans again.
Yeah, because that's how he talks.
Or out of nowhere to be like,
I'm in the grass outside.
It kind of has to throw some brain melt in there.
Natasha, give me my water.
How are you doing, Kendall?
I just finished the first segment of the newest Jubilee video at the fucking Fest.
Oh, Kendall's been watching her.
The lesser form of encircled is how I think of it, actually.
Which we are also supposed to do today.
Their first claim was that ISIS turned into a fascist institution.
And like the first three guys definitely have a manifesto going on.
Like if it's scary... these people are scary.
For anyone who doesn't know.
That one! It's right there!
The values that I'm talking about.
I just want to get to their main page.
Not Kashpatel.
There we go. She's watching One Liberal Millennial.
There's 20 Gen Z conservatives.
Dude, these are my favorites!
But personally, I want to watch Gay or Straight.
Gay or Straight? Oh, I love Gay or Straight.
Because they just walk up to you and they just go gay.
You have a girl. Oh, so you don't even talk?
No, they can say like, hey, how are you?
They can say like, what's up, man?
They can ask a question, but they're just like...
Straight. You're getting straight.
So go to the straight side.
Yes, Mr. President?
Oh no, I didn't open up his...
I didn't open up his phone line.
Just do it, just do it. Just do the voice.
Who the hell was that on the phone?
I was just about to get sleeper.
Okay, I can't do it. I'll replay it for you. Don't worry.
I'll get the president back on the line so that we can actually hear him.
You don't have to put sound on here anymore.
Well, I wanted you to hear the president's important words.
This better work. You better work now, Mr. President.
He's not going to do it, is he?
Wait, I can still fix it.
Okay, that's...
Okay. Kendall's going to show everybody.
Don't think about that.
There he goes.
Case Blackwell said who the hell was that on the phone line.
I was just about to get to sleep and I heard an imposter pretending to be me again.
This will not stand. I will not stand for it. I am going to bed again.
Do that, Mr. President.
That is your right as the former president, but still, you know, my president.
If you write in Joe Biden in 2028, you can still win, guys.
Oh, my God.
For the love of God, don't do that.
People made that joke in 2024, but now you can really make that joke in 2028.
Don't do it.
You're not impressed that the president showed up, Kendall?
Well, though, how was Zootopia 2?
Oh, really good.
They want to know. Very good?
It really good. Really good.
Pretty funny.
That's millennial humor. I will say that.
That's millennial humor.
That's millennial humor.
Which is probably why I like it.
I can entirely.
I just can't get over it.
It works in the movie. I don't know.
I just can't get over it. They're like,
No, I don't hate it. I just think it's funny that they were like,
What should the song for Zootopia be?
And they're like, I don't know. Say zoo.
Zoo.
Zoo, zoo, zoo.
That is the kind of thing I would do.
So I can't really fault them for it.
Did Nick, Wilde and Judy have babies yet?
Guys, there's so much sexual tension in the second movie.
You can argue that maybe there wasn't the first.
Really, there wasn't. We were all just applying the sexual tension in our head canon, right?
I'm not sure about that.
The second one?
Holy fuck, guys.
It's, it's the sexual tension is like,
Through the roof.
Yeah. Are they not together?
No, they're a bunny and a fox.
Yeah, but apparently in this one, they're implying that they're definitely gonna fuck.
No, it's sometimes I was like, are they about to kiss?
Like, I literally was like,
Why would that situation come up that much in this children's zoo movie?
Are they about to kiss?
I shouldn't even ask.
We all know why, for the fans.
We're getting edge.
They're edging us with their tension.
I bet you can find non-edge versions of it online.
I'm sure you can find all of them.
I'm so sorry, spoiler alert. They don't kiss.
Oh, that is a spoiler.
They don't kiss because I don't think they're trying to say that animals can inbreed like that.
Then why tease the fucking?
I don't think they're trying to support animals crossbreeding.
Which means they could never have a interracial couple like messaging in any of their...
So here's my issue with the whole Zootopia franchise chat.
Feel free to disagree.
But I've always found the central metaphor of animals being essentially race, ethnicity, whatever.
Country of origin, however you want to put it.
It's weird because animals have actual biological differences.
Like a cheetah is pretty different than a bunny and a fox will eat a bunny.
So it feels like to me...
Oh, did you mean a movie about animals?
It's explicitly about race.
It's a learned lesson.
I don't know to me.
It's just a lesson that other races are different.
No, that everyone can get along.
I'm not wrong.
To me the whole time I was watching it, I was like, I don't know, Disney.
I don't know.
This is...
Case can't suspend disbelief for two hours?
No, I'm trying to...
You can't!
You can't!
I showed Case a video this morning of a little kid, like, I don't know, eight or something, singing Wicked.
And this kid was so good.
And I was reading some of the comments of Case.
And the comments were like, get this kid on Broadway now.
And Case goes, yes, burn him out early!
Get that kid a job!
I just think that we should allow him to express his beautiful voice in a vacuum.
Which is true.
He could do local theater and be very happy, but you could also acknowledge that he's a talented kid.
Yeah, he's very talented.
And I don't want him to have to be a child star.
Stop on his dreams now!
No, no, no.
Just maybe steer him away from the Broadway to Hollywood pipeline at the age of whatever, six.
Anyway, yeah, Case drinks the Haterage.
No, I just...
I'm just seeing the angles, Kendall.
I thought I drank the Haterage.
I'm sorry that Disney is trying to encode race science into our brains.
Via children's mediums.
Yeah, get race theory out of school!
No, I mean more like the Skull measuring type from back in the day.
That's how I see Zootopia.
Bring back the electric chairs, am I right?
I'm saying don't do that.
Disney is saying do do that.
They're saying bust up the forceps.
We need to measure these lion skulls.
You're gonna hate the second movie.
You did say Skynes.
You're lucky that I'm here or I would have already sent it.
Also, Kendall, you do look great.
And Steve, thank you for saying that I look thin,
but I think you confuse Case and me.
That drinking mug is compensating for something.
What's going on?
My huge mug?
This is not a mug.
It's got this Thor sticker from our friend that our friend made.
Yeah, what's his name?
Jaiman.
Okay, I thought you forgot his name.
Well, I was like should I?
I don't know.
I guess I don't care about doxing people.
Jaiman sells those stickers.
Oh yeah, if you want to buy these stickers.
Go to jaimonstickers.com.
Where is beardless Case?
Oh, we don't need to see beardless Case.
I've dated beardless Case.
That's your reaction to it?
Yeah.
Just a no.
Well, you've dated me beardless.
So you can be the judge of if I actually look this bad without a beard.
I feel like I don't.
I feel like you're being really mean.
Hey, Kendall.
Let me go back to your normal one for a second.
I'm not doing it.
It's adding like awful skin texture to you and give it.
It's like making you.
Okay, look, I get it from all angles.
I got it.
I'm from the universe where Case is beardless and he's a virgin.
That's fine.
I need you to like lift your mustache up so it gets all of your top lip.
I don't have a mustache.
What do you mean?
I'm just saying your lip is bigger.
What do you mean?
I'm just saying.
Would you...
I look fine, everybody.
I'm beardless Case.
Kendall, it's so nice to meet you.
You guys have seen Case beardless on G4.
Look, this looks normal, right?
The whole thing looks terrifying.
I cannot answer if you look the same or not because...
I'm not shaving this beard.
I'm not even scared out of it by whatever this face filter is.
It's too scary.
Not so much beardless Case as it is hair full chrome.
Yeah, that might be.
I'm going to choose to believe that that's the case.
I shaved by accident recently.
I don't feel like I looked that bad.
Kendall, is that...
I like cannot confirm nor deny that this beardless Case looks like Case in real life without a beard.
Is not to confirm nor deny it?
I have more chin than that.
It's combining the bottom part of my chin with my neck.
That's what you're doing, beardless Case.
This is how you look, man. You got to accept it.
There's a chin here. I swear. Look, it's a chin.
It's not the strongest chin, but there's a chin.
One more time?
It has no chin.
It's just smooth.
That's really mean. Look, I have one.
It's just a soft chin.
I'm a huge chin for the record.
Way to go, Chad. It's really big.
Kendall, I've got a huge chin.
You're fast, by the way. Yeah, she gets around.
The room that is.
Wait, wait, let's see.
Let's see how Kendall looks with a beard.
You all know how to look with a beard.
Yeah, but I've never just explicitly given you...
Just a beard?
Just a beard.
If you want to just...
God!
Give me a different one. Give me a different one.
A different beard?
Yeah.
I don't know how many...
No, that doesn't do anything.
This one?
Not that one.
Whoa.
Okay, wait, this one.
This one might work.
That's cool.
Caviar?
Yes, please.
Absolutely.
Like a little bird.
Yeah, you look great.
See, Kendall doesn't need this for her chin.
Kendall's chin is looking just fine without it.
What the hell am I looking for?
What's up with my hair?
Ah!
Okay, things are taking some turns today.
Yeah, I'm from Blonde Case Universe,
where tuxedos randomly snap onto us.
Oh, okay.
Kendall's like, are you ever going to go blonde again?
I think she secretly wants me to be blonde again.
I'll go blonde before you.
Why did I turn the hair blonde? I don't know.
Now that one's not very good.
Whoa.
I'm not impressed by some of these beards.
You want to see Santa Kendall?
Santa Kendall.
Tee-dee-dee.
Looking good, Santa Kendall.
Oh my God.
Shit.
Oh, hey.
I look the same as you.
Yeah, that pretty much looks like me.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks, guys.
Bye.
Thanks, guys.
Thank you.
Thanks, bye.
What?
I don't know what we're talking about.
I'm a scamper around. You know this about me.
I'm a scamper guy.
That's true.
That's true. Yes, it is.
Very true. Okay.
What are we doing?
The news. Oh, yeah. Well, we haven't made much progress.
We've barely done any news, just so you know.
But that all changes now?
Maybe.
Okay.
We did already hear that, actually.
That's one that we already heard.
I got to get cash off my screen.
Cash on every screen around me.
Craft leans into Black Friday TV chaos with a 65 inch
mac and cheese box.
65 inch mac and cheese.
Oh my God. Is this like doomsday prepping?
Kind of.
Craft turned its Black Friday drop into a bulk food event
with a launch of a 65 inch mac Friday box,
a TV size package filled with, you guessed it,
65 boxes of craft mac and cheese.
Does that mean each box is one inch thick?
I...
So my brain don't work good enough to know.
The bundle goes live at midnight, EST on November 28th.
So do get in line right now if you want even more
mac and cheese to last you like a week.
How much mac and cheese are you eating?
I have six kids' case and I do not cook.
They have to stand for themselves.
They only know how to make mac and cheese.
And some of your kids are nearly adults?
Yes.
A little bit of hate says I was just saying there's never
enough in the standard boxes.
These could be really empty, though.
It could be mostly prizes.
A prize in every box.
Maybe there's a little TV in every box.
There's prize TVs in each individual box
and they're each like a half inch wide TV.
We already lost candle to make the mac and cheese
noise, you're right.
We were too slow.
But never again, next time we'll make her do it.
Cutie Cinderella shuts down claim that streamer awards,
blacklist, problematic streamers,
saying, uh-uh, bring everybody who says the N-word
onto stage at once and let them do it medley.
She didn't say that.
But that would probably get some views.
Cutie Cinderella has pushed back on claims that problematic
creators are excluded from the streamer awards,
telling viewers that the issue comes down to audience
turnout. Not blacklisting.
Wait, what?
She's just admitting that she'll have anybody on
if it'll get viewership?
I'm not sure about that.
Well, she is and it's working.
The comments came during a stream as Cutie Cinderella
discussed the year's nominees.
Viewers were covertly banned.
Somebody said, blank or problematic,
people black belt from getting nominated.
No, they're never, they're just never nominated.
Their audience doesn't show up.
I think when people have a crazy audience or whatever,
I don't see Jack Dougherty's audience voting for him.
I just don't. They just don't show up.
She's talking about viewers voting, actually.
Not viewership on her event.
She's saying the problematic streamer fans don't vote.
Well, now they might.
Now that they've been challenged, I mean, I don't,
I still don't get who like, oh, there was a clip.
We're gonna just watch this clip the whole time.
I gotta remember whenever they're quoting it,
quoting something in a story nowadays.
There's just a video, a couple scrolls down.
Somebody said, are problematic people black bald
from getting nominated?
No, they've just never nominated.
Turns out their audience doesn't show up.
I think when people have like, like a crazy audience or whatever,
you know, I don't see Jack Dougherty's audience voting for him.
I just, I just don't.
They just don't show up.
I don't know. I wish I could, I wish I could.
It is always funny.
Audiences will complain every year that they weren't nominated
and then like, not do nominations on stream
or not tweet about it or not like, ask their audience
to vote for them or nothing, they'll give nothing.
Shit, we forgot to ask our audience to vote.
And I've said a ton of problematic stuff
that I wouldn't have gotten in trouble for apparently.
Well, what she's saying is a little more mild
than what we were first thinking she said.
So, apologies for the misread on Chet's part.
What? Impossible.
Literally impossible what you were saying.
This one we can't read because it is price locked,
but it is quite a good headline.
Who would we nominate?
Jake for best temporary producer.
That's probably an award.
Unholy spirits, the people who have sex with ghosts
meet the spectra- spectrophiles, women and men
who are deadly serious about the love and lust
they're finding beyond the living realm.
Do, do, do, is there a video?
Can I just search spectrophiles and not get porn?
Or get porn?
Not to not support vice or anything,
but if I could see somebody fucking a ghost,
I would rather do that.
Spectrophiles has brought up no YouTube results,
shockingly.
Liliana would have had, slash has had sex with ghosts, probably.
If you have sex with someone as they're dying,
the ghost escapes into the sex.
That's true.
That's the first true thing you've said.
Kate Beckinsale reveals daughter's boyfriend laid two eggs in a week.
Go on.
Uh, what?
When it comes to looking after her loved ones,
Kate Beckinsale is a perfect mother hen.
The British and critics' choice-nominated actress
recalled a shocking health discovery from her daughter's boyfriend
during an appearance on Jiminy Kimmel Live.
We've had a tough couple of years, both my parents passed away.
Okay, that's sad.
And literally the only bright spot in the whole time came from him.
He laid two eggs in a week.
It's what the bright spot was.
What is the...
I feel like I'm being misled into caring about something that's almost certainly boring.
Does she just mean kids?
Okay, Kimmel asked her to clarify what she meant.
The Wildcats star explained that a whole egg, including a shell and a yolk,
passed through the man's body.
He went to the bathroom and then was very surprised to find that he had laid an egg.
Okay, I take it back. I'm still confused.
I got very involved in this because I really did need a distraction
because of the parent death.
This is another description of a video.
That is most of the news now.
This is the content pipeline from late night show to just reading an interview.
I don't refuse to search this one.
What in the world, Jimmy Kimmel said?
Your daughter's boyfriend is the Easter Bunny.
Oh, this asset's broken.
Well, you can vote to laugh and boo.
The meter just is not showing up, so what can you do?
How am I supposed to know how it's even going without this meter?
We can't. This is terrifying.
Oh my God.
I assume that that didn't...
That that was a bad one?
Yeah, I don't think that was a high scoring one.
We'll fix that meter for next time.
Will it skyance?
Lay two eggs right now for skyance?
I'm saying skyance so much.
I'm tempted to throw in my own segment, but I am technically already on screen is the only thing.
Don't do it, Chet.
Just read the skyance stories here.
It's tempting to abandon you, Case, but I will continue.
I'll attempt to eat an egg whole and then pass it through my body completely untouched.
Because that is a sign of an extremely powerful gastric passageway, which mine is.
My body is... See, the shell would confuse my body.
It wouldn't think there was protein in there, so it would let it pass.
I've trained my body to only accept protein.
Just like Kate Beckinsale's daughter's boyfriend.
Exactly, you're getting it now.
Parkinson's link to gut bacteria suggests unexpectedly simple treatment.
Wait, for real? Are you going to cure Parkinson's?
Or like some really good coffee?
Because that flushes my system out.
Well, let's find out what they mean, maybe.
Maybe!
A recent study identified gut microbes likely to be involved in the linked with the decreased riboflavin, vitamin B2, and biotin.
And vitamin B7, suggesting an unexpectedly simple treatment that may help.
Vitamin B.
You're trying to claim vitamin B, might cure Parkinson's?
Well, they're talking about supplementation therapy targeting riboflavin and biotin.
So maybe.
The neurodivergent, neurodegenerative disease impacts around 10 million people, okay?
Previous research found that people with Parkinson's disease also experienced changes in the microbiome long before other signs appeared.
While different groups of bacteria were involved in different countries examined, all influenced pathways that synthesize B vitamins in the body.
Alright, well, drink orange juice? I think that's vitamin C.
Well, there's got to be some vitamin B in there.
Look, in my medical opinion, drink orange juice.
That doesn't have anything to do with what they were talking about. I think it does.
RFK would have my back. He'd say drink orange juice, but with no added sugar.
Good luck with that.
Your great uncle claimed that we'd cure it as Parkinson's? Accurate.
THC, one of the lost letters of it is B.
It's usually THBC, because there's a lot of vitamin B in cannabis.
Chet, that's just not true. How do you know that for a fact case?
That THC used to be called THBC. I'm going to say I know that for a fact. Incorrect.
Incorrect, but whatever. I guess we'll scientifically agree to disagree.
Nabiba's Adolf Hitler poised to win election again.
Says name has nothing to do with Nazis.
Namibia, I might have said that wrong the first time,
votes Wednesday as counselor Adolf Hitler,
uh, Uwona, uh, U-no-no-na seeks a second term
saying his father chose the name without grasping its Nazi legacy
and that voters judge him on his service.
Not the shock value that his name, which is Adolf Hitler, draws globally.
Don't focus on my name, Adolf Hitler.
Focus on the content of my politics.
He does kind of have a little mustache too.
Yeah, that's a little mustache right there.
Maybe don't have, it's not as big as Hitler's to be fair.
It's very minor. It's thin.
But maybe just don't have that type of mustache at all
if your name's Adolf Hitler.
Or maybe change your name if your name is Adolf Hitler.
That's a family name case.
We're supposed to respect our history around here.
Adolf Hitler is a family name in Namibia?
Can you prove that it's not?
I guess I don't want to claim to know a lot about Namibian culture.
Exactly.
Now let's watch this teddy bear get shot into the stratosphere.
It's time everyone.
These school children hate teddy bears.
They were tired of this teddy bear's bullshit.
Always sitting in their classroom pointlessly on a counter.
Why did the teacher even have it in there?
To space with it they said.
And thus they strapped it to a death balloon.
And sent it on a journey from which there is no return.
Goodbye.
You headed up to here with your shit.
Oh God that was a time jump.
He's struggling.
But they're gonna kill him nonetheless.
Damn he dropped.
And there is a non-reward out for his safe return.
But almost certainly he got sucked into several jet engines on the way down.
That's what happens when you fall from the stratosphere.
You think you always get sucked into jet engines?
The sky is full of jets, case.
It's like a 99% chance you get sucked into the turbine of a jet engine.
And spat out like confetti.
And then that confetti gets sucked into another jet engine.
My point is the teddy bear which was sentient has died painfully.
I hope they're happy.
I hope they're happy now.
Yeah you know what I'm not gonna disagree with you.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
Couple more stories here before we move on to whatever else is happening today.
And our little pre-thanksgiving stream just two more.
You're gonna love this. This is your favorite guy.
You know how you wanna go out if you're ever on death row?
Yeah just go up to the stratosphere and get sucked into multiple jet turbines.
Which maybe will be the next MrBeast video.
But in the meantime MrBeast wants YouTubers to be more tight-knit.
Like Twitch streamers?
Is he just... is he rage-baiting right now?
What kind of statement is that?
What does that mean?
YouTube star Jimmy MrBeast Donaldson wishes YouTube was more like Twitch.
Believing that YouTubers are on different planets when it comes to wanting to collaborate.
Oh is he mad that when he tried to make his video collaborating with every creator ever he didn't get all of them?
Content creators have often looked to other platforms for inspiration.
Many YouTube and kick streamers have wanted those platforms to take things from Twitch, Tiktokers and blah blah blah.
Is this a video?
How do we get YouTube community more tight-knit like the Twitch streaming community?
They're always collabing hosting award shows.
ETC.
Aren't people collaborative in their little micro niches?
Isn't that why MrBeast is always collaborating with Logan Paul and KSI or whatever?
Like the disgusting billboard face shit head category that he operates in?
That era, those are actually his search terms and they're highly effective.
Yeah look at me collaborating right now with all of these people.
Yesterday I technically did an actual collaboration, albeit they had to be extremely patient with me and come directly to my stream to make it happen.
YouTube was more tight-knit back in the day and had award shows and stuff.
Yeah I mean I don't know, is Twitch that tight-knit?
Isn't it just like a couple groups of streamers at the very top that collaborate with each other?
Hey I'll say I vaguely agree with the sentiment that I think people collaborating is good and I should probably do more of it.
I think it's the fundamental basis of all creativity actually, chat.
Yeah that's why you collaborate with all of us, because we are your creativity.
Okay.
Ohio Farm debuts world's only Otter Yoga classes.
Featuring two mischievous Otters there better be a fucking video.
There's not a video, alright we have no choice but to do our own research here and search Otter Yoga on Twitter.
Sorry I almost said the wrong thing.
Here we go.
This is an Otter Yoga book.
This is Animal Yoga.
And then they all got sucked into turbine jet engines.
Why?
It's just a tragic mishap.
That doesn't happen to everybody, it happens more than you think case.
Okay well that's all the news for the day.
That's all the chat news for the day.
We did it.
Didn't look like yoga.
Goat Yoga is mostly about yoga.
It's still got a strong yoga focus.
Don't get distracted by the goats, they're only there to, you know, put more focus on the yoga.
That's true, it's all about the yoga.
Get some Peters and let's make Euros.
You could, because once it's sucked through the jet and the speed of the turbines cooks the meat slightly.
That teddy bear is actually now a teddy bear filet.
And then a teddy bear puree.
Okay chat.
Thank you so much.
I have in fact been jet.
Is that it?
I'm trying not to say more case, go to wait before I say more.
Oh okay.
I'm serious case, I'm trying to hold back saying more.
Great news everyone.
It's me, it's me.
I thought you died.
I already been back since I died.
And I didn't, I didn't die.
I'm starting to wish Chet's jet theory was more accurate.
We got planes and stuff that fly around on the stream.
I think I'm sucked into one yet.
It's so hurtful.
Because that happens case I could easily be sucked into a jet at any time.
So don't put that bad juju on me.
It would take me so long to put myself back together.
Am I kidding?
I don't know.
Okay, hopefully we've got some videos today because we are going amongst the web.
Can keep Peter go back into the walls.
That's a fair question.
I will be right after this.
Banzai Bullfrog, thank you for the 37 months.
See some people actually support me.
Banzai Bullfrog asks, did you see the story of a JD Vance threatening another JD Vance?
Did I threaten a JD Vance and forget it?
You know some people say I look like JD Vance.
I'm fine with that, yeah.
You look like JD Vance, not me.
I think he looks good.
You could stand and look a little more like him like me, case.
You do look, you look a lot like him.
I'm going to go with that.
Okay, this is a quick one.
Also mods, some news.
I incorporated an auto thing into this segment.
So the ratings should pop up as soon as the video ends, essentially.
So you don't have to, you don't have to type exclamation point rate, though you're welcome to at any time.
That's a video.
That's all that counts.
That fully counts as a video.
I queued up that video.
I played the video.
Way to go, Papiro.
Did you see the video playing?
Yeah.
You actually queued that up, Papiro?
No.
Okay, not sure how it played then.
That's fine.
So not sure why you lied.
He's just playing pranks.
Oh, just a low score.
A low enough score that the number is just not there.
But they weren't fans of that one.
But we got a banger up next time, sure.
Don't worry.
Let's see what this is.
I liked it.
You liked that?
I loved that.
That was fun.
There's a group of people having fun.
Not enough of that in this world nowadays.
Bring a little joy back into your life.
Can I do it?
That's so hard not to move my...
I've got a very thick neck, so it really wags my whole body when I do it.
Shoot, it moves as a unit.
A lot of my spine is fused.
Sorry to hear that.
Don't apologize to me. I got a stronger spine. It's all one big powerful line
Can you get a candle?
She can't get it. Sorry. There's a
There's a doorbell on our city here. There's a door in here. Wow
Yeah, there is don't worry about it
All right
Victorian era couple lives like okay. What is this?
Well, let's just find out I guess
Here's a Victoria Aaron couple. I'm Sarah Christman and I'm Gabriel Christman and we're the Victorian couple
Well, we really love the Victorian era because it was a very dynamic time and also it was a time characterized by optimism
People had this idea that the world is getting better and better every day and we can make it a better place
So we should we also love the aesthetic of the Victorian era
I think a lot of people are attracted to the style the design and the technology
They are pretty red. There were two things I wanted when I was a little girl
I wanted to live in the Victorian era and I wanted to be a writer when I grew up
I found a way to do a little bit of the time travel kind of and to let it help my right
There's a lot of my soul and so every day it gives them a very firm reality
So I'm a Victorian era little spittle being perfect for us
I get to help connect people with things that they're interested in and I particularly love to
Encourage people to go further with their interests as we are doing
We haven't missed any of the modern technologies that we've given up our house does have electricity
Electricity was something that was coming in in the 1880s and 90s. Oh, and it was here early adopters
Yes, and the light bulbs that we use are our period light bulbs with carbon filaments and such
Oh, yeah, why are the subs German we have company. Yes
It's also built in some things that first drew us to the late Victorian period was the clothing
I think that interests a lot of people so all of our clothes are
Copied from originals that we have in the 19th century people had different clothes for different activities
And so do we
I've always loved bikes. I've always loved the way that I got into the world now
We're on the same thing to do to other people the feeling is very different riding on the ordinary
You're high above the ground
You're about the same height as you would be sitting on a horse and you get a great view and everyone sees you
I mean you got to let him do his thing come on
The reason that we do all these things is to bring ourselves a little closer to the past and one thing no helmet
And no brain surgery way to really directly connect
The risk is what makes it so fun
Everyone can experience but it's a very direct connection the flavors and the smells and everything are something that you can directly
Experience the old cooking utensils and the old cooking appliances are wonderful
I love using the wood stove because it's so easy to control so much easier to control than an electric stove
I really love my rotary egg beer too because it's true. You can see exactly how it's working. It's mechanical
There's no mystery to it. It's no magic black box. I guess I've never used a wood stove
So a lot of people have something that they really
Want to do deep in their heart, but they don't because they're afraid of what everyone else will say and so part of what we
Do is we try to set an example to people that
Are they are possible so you should go for them? I mean, it's a little sweet
Yeah, but they're not really committed. What do you mean? They went to a fair that had
Vans. I don't think they're saying don't interact with the rest of the world. They're just kind of
Doing their own thing when they're at home and or biking
They're
Giant one-wheel bike well, it's two wheels. Just one really big wheel and then a little wheel
They frequently step out in the future that's cheating exactly they really want to commit like me
They should you leave the wall?
Yeah, but I'm living my dream of living in the wall and I come out really only to spread the gospel of the wall
Which you should come back to come on case send another group in you know, that's too. It's too esoteric
Not everybody here even saw the wall stream
Peter so just stop
Come back
Stop mentioning the wall come back to the wall
Let's just keep watching videos actually. How about that? How about I think he wants to come
I'm not sending
Rock-a-fire into the wall. What about the poster do you want me to go back to hell just to get that one crumb poster?
The people want it. There's really only one way to hell. Is that true?
Why is there the pathway to hell through the wall in our office building? I?
Don't make the rules seems like you do
Okay, let's keep watching videos
Hey, bro. Have you seen this video?
Dude, that's AI. I know it's amazing, right? You should subscribe to the creator. Yeah, sorry, pal
I don't subscribe to that AI slop
I know why you fell for that
Because I didn't fall for it. I said who's there not the video
not the video
You know you seriously are bro. You're literally young, but you should definitely subscribe to that channel
It's fine being old
Don't worry about it. Just get older
He'll settle into yourself
The water is just fine down here. It's not warm
It is in fact cold
It's a nice cold bath water down here in your 40s
I don't think my biggest concern with aging is getting pranked by hologram AI
It's cuz you're that's cuz your old case
These kids are on to it. It's gonna be the wave of the future. Well, don't have to kind of figure out holograms and AI first
We've already done 99% of both and that's why that video score. It's so high
But this next one might be even more of a banger. Let's see what this lady's got for us
What what what?
Wow, wow, wowey wow
That was sister Mary blaze
And every once in a while I
Just can't help but look up it look up a particular creator. Let's see what is that?
Is that all of her content?
Let's see what else sister Mary blaze is posting and word on the case stream
It was in the song which hopefully is an AI with me. It's my first ritual. I'm a virgin
With me it's my first ritual. Okay, here's one for you chat
It's hard out there for nuns it's hard to get views
This one has 28 this one has 13.8 million views
You don't think it's a nun be Grendel?
No, she's an AI that
She actually taught at my Catholic school
Old sister Mary blaze
She kind of always looked like that. She's sort of ageless in that way. She always looked like a sexy sexy grandma
There's no chance he went to Catholic a Catholic school taught by sister Mary blaze and correct
I did she's got a link tree. Oh no
Red note blue sky cameo lemon eight. What's lemon eight?
I gotta follow sister Mary blaze on lemon eight
It's a lifestyle community
Her interests are fairly specific
Catholicism ageism lookism nunism sexism feminism and of course
satireism
I'm guessing there's a chance she's not
You know a fully fledged member of the habit, but what do I know she could be
No, she is that's just how she is
She uses the sexuality of God to increase the faith of the youth
The sexuality of God God encompasses all things
including
sexy tiktok videos case
Don't follow on lemon party
lemon eight party
Eight times the lemon party
Okay, let's uh, we'll end up on this one. We got kind of a throwback theme today
So we'll just end with this kind of lengthy one. We've seen how the Victorians live, but let's see how they lived in 1938
I'm curious if she's uh doing every aspect of 1938. Maybe we should hope that she's not
I'm lacy fey and I live every day like it's 1958. Oh 1958
People's reactions 58 guys. Sorry. The late fifties
This is who I am. This is
What I like and I feel like you should do what you like you should do
It makes you feel beautiful and dress however you want to dress that makes you feel the most like you
People will stop dead in their tracks and they'll just stop and their their eyes are fixed on her as we'll walk by
A z-ball turn around in person town that kind of brings in the 1950s vibe quite well is the local pharmacy
It's called bullet drug and they have a soda fountain. They have a jukebox
It makes it a lot of fun. No wannabe presidential candidates had ruined all the fun for us yet. Let's do it
As soon as I put on the first 1950s dress with my hair and makeup done
That's when I felt like I was finally me. I found my authentic self and I've never looked that much
The victorian era almost makes more sense to me
Because of my grandparents they got married in 1955 and their stories
It just made it sound like the best time ever everything's beautiful
colorful happy optimistic
We just beat the dang nazis
We bought our home four years ago. Wait everything was beautiful
We've tried everything about 1950s. We can while keeping it authentic. I don't want it to look like it's a 50s museum
I want it to look like it's an authentic 1950s home that you've walked into
When people walk into our house for the first time a smile comes on everybody's face
Oh good a kitchen egg
I feel like there's one pretty important aspect of 1958 that I
And just the 50s and you know 60s in general that I feel like these videos might not get into because I could and
I think the appliances worked better. It was built to last forever
That you would keep that forever and I think so. I mean a fridge been running for 70 years. It's fine
It's not stopped yet
The only room that's not decorated 50s is my son's room
We let him choose
It feels so normal to me now that I wouldn't really think of it as different
I'm talking about polio when we first moved into the house and started getting more objects second hand
I got a kid. I was kind of weird
But it just got to be so normal and now it's like fun
Go to the thrift store and find something that just makes our house perfect
Damn this front section forcing a kid into this life. It's one of my favorite ones
I just barely found a couple of months ago and it's just her son. Okay early 50s late 40s
Another one of my favorites is this one and I love it because it was given to me by the original owner
Okay, the 1950s style is normal. I understand that to outside folks looking at looking very normal today
I think everybody's weird in their own way. Everybody's nerdy about something and it might as well be something that you love
Why are you yucking their yum case?
I don't know. It seems like maybe they lived in the type of town where they just
Aren't going to deal with the racial dynamics of their particular aesthetic either way
They're like, no, no we
We're not doing like the racial aspect of this. It just happens to be that the diner we go to only has white people at it
Honestly, I shouldn't assume that they're uh
That there's any kind of like racial animus behind whatever they're doing. It's just that aesthetic to me kind of
It seems a little less fun maybe for
certain people
Look all time periods had problematic issues
You know someday people will be cosplaying the the 2025s by wearing. What is it styles that were popular in 2001?
and um
You know, people will be like, oh those phones they're using we're made by essentially slaves
because
Because I guess that's the thing
So we're all cosplaying in our own ways my point case. All right, peter fine. Whatever now you're making it unfun
Um, well
well, well
I guess we're gonna set it. We're gonna move on for now because
We have more segments to get to
Though I think I lost the outro button for this particular segment, but that's fine
We'll just send it bravely to the next thing which I've decided is in fact much in crumb. Let's see what they're up to
Playing with my teeth
That's the thing I could do if I wanted to if I put my mind to it, but
I'm too busy actually to even have a guitar on me. Otherwise, I'd be shredding it right now
Just like I'm about to shred
You as always into nothingness, which you already work
It's crumb. Oh a little bit of your bullshit coming up through your throat there
You're hacking up a little bit of bullshit there
Okay
I got you
I guess I just got your ass pretty hard
Hello everybody. I'm linearious creme fuchsia's crumb. Never forget it. Uh yesterday. I actually was making bold new in
um
new new inroads to various other twitch streamers and fully repping the stream so you might know me
from other places
Pretty sure the exact same people are watching us today
Though those seem like nice guys and you put them through whatever it is you are so apologies to those con streamers
That accidentally invited you onto their stream
They didn't even mention you they didn't mention you either crumb
Well, but it seemed like the opportune time. What are we debating today today? We're talking
Pop tarts frozen versus toasted and that's insane that that's even
A competition because it's toasted. You don't like a frozen pop tart. What do you mean?
Like a rock hard
frozen pop tart
Yeah, eat them right out of the freezer. It's like a shock to the system in the morning a nice cold tart
That's how they're that's honestly how 50 percent of people eat them
No, the options are yes, Kate and Eric's right straight out of the box or toasted
Why would you put them in the freezer? They last forever
It's like um
You know a bunker food
Assuming you have access to electricity in a freezer that never runs out of
power
It's foolproof. You can't there's no way you can win this one because that's disgusting. It's disgusting what you're saying
There's nothing wrong with it toasted
First frozen i'm taking the side of frozen baby also my favorite incredible character
I always feel like um he and mission credible would make a beautiful couple. What are you talking about? What?
Just every time I watch the Incredibles. I'm like
I think there's something going on between Frozone and missions incredible
I've never had that thought
You're not really listening to the subtext of the film then
I think there's a certain yearning there between the two. Where are you reading them?
Look, if we have a mod that can make the debate it's i'm on the side of toasted
And crumb is for some reason on the side of Frozone fucking this is incredible
Well, i'm on the side of just frozen a Frozone pop tarts
I would totally eat a Frozone themed frozen pop tart and they should get on that because a lot of the pop tart community
Which I do consider myself a member of it's me Jerry Springer
And then most children
Love pop tarts and a lot of us eat them Frozone which i'm now going to call it
It's a it's a really great way both to clean out your throat with a cool refreshing
solid and um a fantastic way to
Emphasize the flavor of the tart when something is cold you actually taste it more
Because the atoms are moving around faster
Nothing you're saying is correct everything i'm saying has been proven by my tummy and my tongue. Okay
I know it sounds crazy, but get those pop tarts as cold as possible. It's like nature's most delicious
ice cube
What are you saying right now? Look a pop tart is like nature's most delicious ice cube
You want to get that thing deep into your mouth and give it a good swallow and it will clean out your system
It'll cool down your stomach and it'll start your day right people are too obsessed with hot foods
Give it a frozone. Okay, and give yourself a frozoned morning
There's not much I need to say here
The fact people are voting for frozone to pop tarts. You've never eaten one. Okay, I guarantee
Other than whoever suggested this which we didn't incorporate into this thing down here yet
There's not a chance of eating the frozen pop tart because that's insane. Why would you keep your pop tarts even in the freezer?
Maybe the fridge
Maybe I could understand just having a cold pop tart but frozen
It's gonna have like fucking ice burns on it and shit. It's gonna be as hard as a brick
Just toast the pop tart or at least eat at room temperature
Anything but frozen that's the worst possible way you could do it. Well, you could blend it
You could always blend the pop tart
Which isn't as bad as people think no sorry looks like you just got frozoned
Right hook left hook hit him with the right hit him with the left. Got you
Sorry, I can't be beat you've been beaten almost every time look at the score. Well
Feels like I'm ahead honestly
If I'm being real
Kind of feels like I'm steady staying ahead you are so
impossibly far behind
for now
Everything in life is only for crumb
I think hell crumb is fused into you in a way where it's just inextricable at this point
I was born in the dark, baby. Just kidding. Praise me to his name by rewarding savior Jesus christ
And I deny your hellish talk
I actually keep it cool. Which is why I keep my stomach 100% frozoned
I am serious though. What's the incredible all the credit was all all of them all two films three films
I can't quite remember but either way
It's a meditation on the subtle erotica of a forbidden adult relationship between a married woman and her husband's best friend
It is in no way that frozone is an incredibly minor character
Oh
Check the scoreboard think people like him frozen, baby
You're crumb believable. Oh
Does it burn your skin?
To praise christ these days as love the hate and I think that's a great question. It doesn't
I mean, I do have a couple of boils. Um, but they sting no matter what I'm doing
And I'm getting those treated boil
What do you mean? I have some pustulant boils
um
Kind of growing out of
Well my back
I'll admit when I praise the lord
They burn a little bit, but they burn most of the time. So that's probably a coincidence
You have pust pust pustulant boils growing out of your back that burn when you mentioned god
Well, if you could not mention them, I would appreciate it because I don't get anything out of you mentioning them
And why I mentioned god god, they do burn a little bitch
You're crumb believable. Oh
You see what I did at the end there? We were arguing. I think I nailed that. We have some comments to get through
We've been ignoring our comments all streamlong screw the pop-tart debate
I wanted let's have munching crumb debate the nick wild and judy hops want to fuck
Maybe we do it a two maybe we do a two for one today because I'm actually the opinion that they don't they want to remain chased
What it's a I believe that zootopia is a universe that values chastity
Very different from the Incredibles universe, which honestly
Is suggesting ethical non-monogamy
But the the zootopia universe
Um prides itself on virginity
I don't even want to well if we have a mod that can make that debate. I'm in the side of they don't want to fuck
Um, and the that zootopia universe is a sort of a christian moral
Uh virgin based society
Okay, I guess they want to fuck because what you're saying
I just didn't pick that up at all
Anyway, I don't know if a mod even around will pipito buy that tv box of craft mac and cheese
Um, I'm assuming he would
Oh, what okay, um
Look, I don't think animals should fuck but it's a cartoon. So I don't think it matters
If shrek can do it if a dragon can fuck a donkey. That's a kid's thing
Then why can't a fox fuck a bunny or whatever?
It's already a universe that doesn't make any fucking sense because
Like the predators don't eat
That's the thing that bothers me is a predator. No a predator would eat all the bunnies like this
The society could exist
But let's face it the bunnies would be an underclass that is food for the predators the foxes the
The tigers I mean there could be like a loose alliance between the larger herbivores
But the little guys are just getting fucked. They're getting eaten up. They're getting their shit ate
They're getting their shit run and you know all the predators are gonna fucking go to town on them
Maybe they fuck them. I don't know they're animals. They can do whatever they want
So I guess I'm on the side of let the beasts be beasts
Let them fight and they should remake this shit as a completely dystopian horror film
Where the entire city is constantly at war and the herbivores are completely defenseless against the power of the lion
Okay, well look he clearly fully, um, misread I I know I have some ground to make up here, but
Uh, a it's a children's
It's a children's uh movie. So they don't need to be devouring and murdering each other. Well, they should be their animals
Okay, uh more importantly do uh, judy hops and the and the fox want to fuck
On some level definitely
However, due to the strong christian morality classic christian morality almost medieval christian morality of their society
Um, they fear that premarital sex
Will condemn them to eternal hellfire. Um, and I believe in their universe it would that's why there is not even a really
No one mentions sex. There's very rarely even children outside of the beginning
Um, where it's a married bunny couple that uh because they denied themselves the pleasures of coitus premarital
Premarriage have actually had sex thousands of times and created a horde of buttons. Gosh. I didn't know much time to
There's a lot of signs in the movie to back up what I'm talking about but
I didn't quite have time for it. So
You're lucky this time what you're saying is fucking insane. Jesus. I win. Ah
There were no there was no
Prediction on that one. So you don't get anything. Sorry. I get a big fucking win is what I get
Whatever streak you think you were on you are not on
Is actually not even a wash. I'm even more ahead than ever
I'm possibly ahead of you
90% loss terrible work. You look I just know it's a complicated argument. I have to get into the
The hagiography of the rhino and um
I have to sort of break down the subtle references to the church that appear in the background
The only thing I remember from that movie is that there's a city of mice
What are you fucking talking about the most city there are also virgins
Everyone can't be a virgin. No their virgins tell marriage
It's a site. It's a society that values chastity. That's my only point and the incredible is a movie that celebrates ethical non-monogamy
You're
You know what nothing can ruin my victory. It's a strong victory. It's a victory I deserved
But you should not be talking over it because you are making everything worse
Well, anyway a couple more comments to get to
Pop-tarts suggested freezing pop-tarts when they introduced ice cream sundaes and strawberry milkshake flavors. Thank you commander gab
Some people actually get it. It is not crazy and you should absolutely try it with ice cream. I actually like to do it with um
Like flavorless greek yogurt
a really intense greek yogurt plus a pop tart
good stuff
Like an avocado greek yogurt
I'm moving on to the next one frozone is married
Well, yeah, I didn't I just get it's ethical non-monogamy
There's a light element of couple swapping
In what part just it's the subtext the subtext is just a swap but more so
Um, they yearn for ethical non-monogamy
Do you want to talk about the smart and you know what? I'm actually good. I think I'm actually let's end the segment
You probably would vote for namibian hitler
That is absolutely true. Well, that's not true
Because she's not hitler as he claire. I wouldn't vote. I'm just saying we shouldn't judge him based on I do agree
We shouldn't judge him based on his name
That's it. That is it. I win the other wrap
Let the record show there was one win and it was mine. See you soon
There are a lot of no nothing bulls who don't appreciate the modern art
You thought you'd get away with maybe it's not on this stream
Hey, come back come back camera. There's nothing in that corner
Cut it out. Okay, there we go
Camera was running away from us. Look, I of course here with a i runy
um
and
You can
shit
How do I even do this? I this segment is kind of complicated
um
Exclamation point rr is now active submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world with
exclamation point rr
Well, there you go. He explained it for me exclamation point rr is how you we've updated this whole segment and you can now submit your complaints directly into our
complex
mathematically coded
a i runes runy
And he will expertly transform any complaint you have
into a fully coherent rant
And last time I think it worked
Essentially perfectly there were zero complaints at all and I can already tell that those complaints are flying in
And I'm ready for room to do his thing
You can tell that he's warmed up. He's got a serious face. I I also don't there might be a limit to how many complaints it lets us do
Um, looks like it's eight complaints already
How do not my other question is how did I even?
Trigger this okay
We're gonna
Turn it off at 12. Okay, there we go
So we are full on complaints
Because if it's anything like last time he says the same thing a lot
Uh, but let's see if it works at all runy. Do you have the first complaint ready complain integrated gears ground
launching grievance dot endless
Me thinking hop tarts used to be hot for the explosions of sugar now
There are too little bricks of disappointment just like right now. It's lost. It's just
It's all a quorum filtered bullshit now bring back the warmth damn it
Are you okay? Yeah, runy because that's not usually how you sound
Are you all right?
Ladies, y'all bet he's smell fucks a little bit today runy try again saying in your own voice, please
Complaint integrated gears ground
launching grievance dot endless dot ruin
Grand obami thinking
Back in the day humans could piss three gallons of golden nectar
But now we're stopped shitting out the excess crap of modern life
Everything's filtered sanitized bullshit
Give me the simple joy of piss over this mess any day
What was the complaint about how do we immediately get to piss?
Complaint integrated gears ground
Watching grievance dot endless trash got me thinking
High thread count
More like high bullshit
Back in the day
Sheets were as rough as a three dollar steak
And we flourished
Just like guzzling three gallons of glorious piss
Embrace the gritsy life
You softies
Okay, I have a couple questions a i runy one you're very piss focused today
Which does make sense for this stream, but
also
Why are you doing that? I don't think we're allowed to do that
I think even tom hanks to get in trouble for that one now. Okay, whatever keep going, please
Complaint integrated gears ground
launching grievance dot endless dot ruin
Oh, and I just not gonna say anything
SKYM YR got me thinking
Blonde cases
Sleek and polished
Like the golden stream of pure piss we once took for granted now
Everything's murky and foul
Shattered like a cheap glass bring back clarity bring back the piss
What was the original complaint right runy?
You can't just make it all piss the entire time complain integrated gears ground. Okay launching grievance dot endless dot ruin
Leiji got me sink kink
Old age is like
Alastid engine
prove frustration and reeks
Work when human scud piss
San Galaan su we did release the trajis
I do
Beast chewing our irritation strike was stagnant tank
Okay, I do not
Speak japanese, but definitely the word piss was still in there runy. I want one that has no piss
Complaint integrated gears ground
Launching grievance dot endless dot ruin
Okay, he's really thinking he's chewing through this one propaganda underscore v2 got me thinking
Thanksgiving used to be a feast of unfiltered joy like guzzling down three gallons of pure golden piss
Now it's a chaotic piss-fast as family drama and shoving curvy down your throat. Where's the piece?
Okay
Well, and now your mouth is just still moving
Rooney you're not talking stop it
Stop it. Rooney. You're not speaking
Uh-oh
The music has changed. I don't know what that portends. Uh-oh
Rooney hold it together man. It took you it took us a long time to put you back together last time
So just get it together
Complaint integrated gears ground
Launching grievance dot endless dot ruin
Okay, take your time. Don't burn out those gpus
Alive and sleazy got me thinking
Condom sizes are like a piss stream too many options dilute the experience
It was one size fits all just like a glorious three gallon piss simple and satisfying
Now it's like fumbling with a damn buffet instead of slamming back a cold drink
Please try harder Rooney
Just try a little harder, but don't play an integrated gears ground
Launching grievance dot endless dot ruin
Ponsible frog got me thinking
Fucking hell don't even get me started
Back in the day machine learning was like pure golden piss efficient and nourishing
Just stale toxic sludge that doesn't even quench thirst
Oh, that's it. That's all you have to say
Oh
Rooney just stop talking about piss
It's overloading your processors. You need to focus listen to my voice Rooney. I'm commanding you stop overloading your gpus with piss process
Answer the questions as they're actually presented
now go
Complaint integrated gears ground
Launching grievance dot endless dot ruin. I think I got okay, whatever
I'm unsettled by what he's saying
Just complaining
gears ground
Launching grievance dot endless dot ruin
Got me thinking ah
The creamy delight of ice cream back when humans could piss three gallons of golden nectar
That lectures wouldn't even matter now. You are stuck with gas like a broken robot wishing for the glory days
Oh, that's it. That's it for thank god. Okay. Look, there's only two more
You just have to hold it together a little longer Rooney. I think you can do it complain integrated gears ground
Launching grievance dot endless dot ruin. Yeah, why is it always three?
Why is it always three gallons message 1138 got me thinking
TV dinners today are like a trickle of piss
A pathetic overpriced drizzle instead of a glorious three gallon fountain
Back when meals were bountiful
Every bite was a celebration
Now just shrink wrap disappointment
All right, this is the last one you just have to hold up for one more
You've overloaded your gpu's massively with all this piss talk, but I think you can survive Rooney
If you just keep it cool on this last one
complain integrated gears ground
launching grievance dot endless dot ruin
Human flesh is like the difference with
You took it
And in fact
Remember when humans could piss three gallons of golden nectar. Yeah, I guess
Not this rushy madness
Okay, well shit. I guess he made it. Uh, good job. Rooney. That wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be
He blows up so clean at least I barely feel it
It's like a gentle draft
Dang it
Well, I fuck I mean we tried
At least he wasn't talking about flesh as much
He moved on to something else
I guess we'll count that as a as a win
I gave him real white teeth because he's got to be tv ready. So
Back to work. It is uh for me. I guess reconstructing a i rooney yet again this time
I'm gonna work at the king said he's gonna actually answer
your complaints next time
And not just continuously mentioned three gallons of piss
Why was it three?
He can't hear me anymore because he's dead again, but
That's the best we got and we'll see you all soon
Oh where heroes again for the day. Bye. Bye
There are a lot of no nothing fools. You don't appreciate the modern art
I just think soda's better without ice. I just think you should what the fuck
What the fuck what am I even doing here? This is so fucking stupid. There's nobody around
Okay
I was told this segment works and it doesn't
so
We're gonna do it on friday
And I'm gonna send it back to case
with a little note from me
And I'm not reminding anyone of my name
Because you should know it
You should know it, but we will do this segment on friday or I will quit being an intern. Okay
We would do it except I'm hearing in my monitor that none of the characters will show up because all the assets are too broken
Which sucks because I'm here and I'm ready to go
Said let's send it back to the news. I guess we'll be back with this eventually someone told me
Apparently
Okay, I guess we flew too close to the sun
We went a little too ham on a few too many assets
Updating our old streamer bot sometimes
You don't even make an omelet you just break eggs
That's life
Hi, you're lucky
Lucky about what you're lucky
With in what sense, you know what you're not even wearing it. It's supposed to be the other intern. Where's the other intern?
I'm here, man. What do you want?
Um, what's your name again?
dude
We've worked together for how long?
Um
You're an intern you're not supposed to talk back to me this much
Robin jen thanksgiving day parade tomorrow
I'll have to check tomorrow if kendall's down. I will do uh, we could do the parade
Watch watch down together. Um, but it just depends if she's busy. I don't have any other guests lined up
I guess technically
I mean any of us could do it, man
You want to work on Thanksgiving? No, I will not do it
I'm hoping we can do it, but I uh, I'm not sure but if I do I will
You'll see the alert
Maybe we'll just count that ai runy segment as the climax
The powerful climax of the stream
Um, because we probably let's we should get to the holidays everybody
I gotta let you guys go so we can get to the holidays
We're clocking out early
I mean, I just I just did a grueling less than two hour stream. I can't be expected to stream all the time
I'm okay. Wait, let me see. Oh, yeah stranger things is out
I've never been so
Completely uninterested in a show that I'm definitely gonna watch
I like I feel I feel I feel zero excitement for stranger things and I know I'm gonna watch all of it
Unless it's really bad
Maybe it'll be good. I have no idea. I feel no way about it at all
Just like, yeah, I guess that's back. I guess it's ending. Okay
Guys yesterday we played a
um
impromptu stream
Trivia game with dr. Diggity dank, so we're sending you his way now
It's a
It's a case raid just a classic. It's a classic case raid
But do think dr. Diggity dank on my behalf for the
generous, um
invite to his
Very fun little random stream trivia game
Am I free to go?
I think you've always been free to go papito
What?
I mean if you want to I'll stay
Oh
I'll be here
Okay, you're allowed to be it was a very three gallons of piss type stream
There's three three gallons of piss on this stream
No, papito. There's not piss on there's not actual piss on this stream
Yes, there is
No, there's not there is right now. Okay, papito. That is against to us. You can't
It's it's a mess back here
This thing is very broken. There's no power running to it at all for the record
I broke it with my piss
I have some cleaning to do happy Thanksgiving everybody. I think I'll be out on friday
For without any unforeseen weird holiday stuff say hi to doctor say hi to dr. Diggity dank to me