I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Seven, six, five, four.
Hello everyone!
Oh no, my reality is already breaking down.
Can you tug that section of window there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, thank you.
There's a chance my stream might be misbehaving a little bit today.
You might have noticed I...
Kendall streamed briefly. She didn't move much.
She was really kind of still.
She was holding one position very well but she was streaming for a little bit.
I'm glad I didn't randomly hit the start streaming button while testing how to blur my nude ass or something with proprietary software.
Kendall actually hacked me while I was building assets for her.
She's like, show them that I'm coming.
But there you have it.
She's got a stream on the way featuring tons of unnecessary graphics that someone is making.
Someone is doing it even though she didn't ask them to.
Oh yeah, she was like, show this to chat and then ask them what my sub-bed is to be honest.
I was like, I'll keep the graphics a surprise because I need to leave you like a thing when you start streaming.
But don't worry, there's more graphics. That's just one of the screens.
If anybody doesn't know what I'm talking about, I hit streaming for like...
I was streaming 9 minutes of me just making graphics for Kendall's stream.
Filling up OBS with some graphics for her.
Happy Valentine's Day Kendall, you want to say Happy Valentine's Day to everyone?
Oh, she's leaving. Never mind. She doesn't.
Good to see you all, Reverie Wolfe, MSG Subrichi Card King, T.1979, and to Daddy Bundle Sprout.
Kendall brought me these flowers. It's a rare breed of translucent flower.
It's incredible, you can actually see through big chunks of it.
Just really showing off the rose buds.
Kendall doesn't want to appear herself though. Kendall, show the people yourself.
The real flower. Whoa!
Anyway, I don't know when Kendall will actually stream, but when she does,
she's gonna have a full suite of graphics. April, she says, maybe.
When she... I whispered it so no one knows.
It's Friday. We might do a little bit of a briefer one today. We already have to go to the movies.
But I gotta do Valentine's Day things later.
Next week I should have an easier schedule, so I should be back on Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
Around three.
Mm-hmm. Another Skulzi. Skluzi.
I can't read. I'm getting worse at reading. Yeah, but I said Skulzi.
I'm just reversing words.
Will she have 80 bot commands when she streams?
My goal is to just... The simplest thing for me is just to transfer a lot of my streamer bot setup to her.
So I have to fill in a lot of blanks. So she's probably gonna have most of the functionality of my stream.
Well, you can't do it. I'm gonna get rid of all of them.
Yeah, she won't social have less than 80, because she honestly had way more...
I have a complicated stream, but it's mostly just backgrounds.
She had a complicated stream because she gave herself. How many was that?
It's just command after command?
But most of them would just tell you things, right? You'd be like, okay.
Another Dana Skulzi.
Oh, man. You know, lately I'm just so reluctant to hit this news button, because the news...
is all the same news of just Donald Trump and Ilama saying things.
I guess I could just talk about anything else, but...
Does that even count as news?
Maybe I need more commands. Should I? Instead of giving Kendall all of my stream assets,
maybe I reverse the vacuum here. I take all of your commands.
Well, Chad, how many people actually use commands today?
I don't know if they can hear you. She says, Chad...
I know they can. They heard me hear you.
She says how many of the people can actually use commands?
How many people actually use commands in the same age as me?
I mean, I have a couple. I think most of them use them for more functional things, right?
Yeah.
I need an exclamation point, Kendall command. Like, Kendall, I have this that I forget to use
as does my entire chat a lot of the time, but it's there. See? Lots, Kendall. Lots.
Well...
It's a command for...
It's a command for chat. They have to type exclamation to see the scroll,
skimer with 100 bits. Not a command, but appreciated.
These... See, these are technically...
Those are channel points.
This is a bit reward.
Surprisingly.
This is a command, though. This is just a straight command, although there's a cooldown on it.
Kendall, just stream already so we can ditch this loser.
Exactly. You won't have to even fucking watch me anymore.
You've all even been watching me to get two second glimpses of Kendall.
Actually, I made a joke the other day.
Yeah, Kendall said she's going to stream at the same time until I get disheartened and stop streaming.
My feelings seem hurt.
They did, and you were like, wow, that's the... Yeah, exactly.
I think I'm just very good at committing to the bit, Kendall. She's convinced.
No, there was no bit there, guys.
Okay, that's what she says.
This feeling's worth a try, but you're friends will watch.
I'll keep both streams open at the same time, unmuted, so I can hear both streams echo with each other.
Well, actually, guys, courtesy of this voluminous studio that I'm in,
and also that our part, our house, we're on opposite ends of it, work-wise.
You'll only really hear Kendall through my mic when she screams, which will only be about 20% of the time.
If I have all the doors open and you're like, ahhhhhhh, then you can just barely hear it in here, I think.
I don't know, go to the other side of the house and scream.
Hello, Twitch. She's mostly going to scare the cats right now.
Yeah, yeah, go to your desk and be loud.
So Bricksy said, I was Kendall's stream-going to need me.
I've been thinking about retiring, but I'm bound by an iron-clad contract from Tommy Bigelow.
I don't appear on any of cases, and cases of loved ones streams whenever requested.
That's very appreciated.
I don't think we could hear you.
In your defense, Joe Biden was talking over you.
But I don't think we could hear you anyway because you didn't come through in my headphones.
Is Kendall's stream-going to need me? Asked Joe Biden and Orsa Brichi.
I've been thinking about retiring, but I'm bound by an iron-clad contract from Tommy Bigelow to appear on any stream.
Do you want Joe Biden? I could just give you Joe Biden.
She doesn't want Joe Biden. She wants Michimos. She wants to knock off Michimos, named Michimos.
Kendall Kendall, she's our man. Ma'am. If she can't do it, no one can.
I agree. Also, I need to scooch Joe Biden over, apparently.
Something got shifted.
Case Blackwell said my text is off-screen.
How could you play me like this, bud? What even happened?
It is worrisome. Sometimes with OBS, I'm learning from making Kendall's more stream assets.
Spent a lot of time on something? You'll reopen OBS? I don't just have moved all around for no reason.
Matt says he'll never leave me though, Kendall, so you can't have him.
Okay, I guess so.
Well, enough of that repetitive news thumping. I guess let's talk about something or other.
What's going on in the world today? It's news time.
It's still your design. Don't let them take it from you.
...the ship. Macho, Macho, check it out.
What's up y'all? It's Valentine's Day.
Don't worry. Don't just have to look at cases fucking homely asked.
I'm here to make people feel the real love of a sexual man appearing on their screen, ready to delight them.
How y'all doing? Thanks, chat.
For whatever that is. It's just me sharing my excellence with the world.
You know, your mic's too quiet. I'm seeing that too.
Chat, we're gonna bump it.
We're gonna bump it a little bit.
Okay, now everything else is gonna be too loud.
Yeah, there we go.
Is that better for you, chat? That's better for me. I was the one worried about it.
Me, chat, not case. Constantly looking at various knobs.
There you go.
The big ol' beef in chat are.
Um, look at this beat. It's a beautiful day.
We're about to spoil it with news. I haven't even been looking at the fucking news.
Um, but I guess I will, cause apparently that's my job.
It is technically, you know, I have other jobs. As far as I can tell.
My correspondence, your only job is this show.
And I still feel like I'm the one doing all the planning. Well, but we react to the news case.
We're a react channel.
Like, like your sweet loves at one point.
If I just, if I hurt my brain, if I, if I get ahead of the news, I can't react to it.
Now I'm just giving opinions. Nobody gives shit about that.
You could at least keep up a little bit. I refuse.
I need to keep this brain smooth and ready for the news to slide right off of it.
Full reactions, quick, precise, instant reactions.
For instance, I don't even know what the headline is, but let's do one, I guess.
Let's see.
Layoffs accelerate as federal agencies, at federal agencies, with more to come. Nice.
Just really, just any sentence, any headline with the word coming in, still chat.
Still, after two years, still. That will never not make me laugh. Sorry.
Just more people come and come getting fired is a funny idea to me.
What? It's just so, it's just so basic. You're fucking basic.
So basic that none of your fucking windows are working on it.
God damn it. This is ridiculous. Come on.
Dude, case's computer sucks. You need a new one again.
No. It's just, um, struggling to resize windows right now. I don't know why.
I have a lot of programs running, chat. You never know what's causing a particular issue with my computer.
It could be anything. I'm just building up anticipation for this important news story.
Well, anticipation over. Let's do this thing. Layoffs accelerate at federal agencies, with more cuts coming.
The US department, I missed it almost. You talked about it for a while.
Yeah, but then I almost missed it the second time.
The US Department of Agriculture building in a 2019 file photo is what's pictured to my right.
God damn it, chat. Don't read the photo descriptions.
Well, but the news would be that the Pentagon and the Department of Housing and Urban Development are gearing up for budget cuts and staff reductions.
While layoffs hit employees at the Department of Agriculture, the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention,
and the Environmental Protection Agency on Friday, multiple sources have told NPR, speaking on a condition of antinimity.
2019 indeed good times. Budget cuts.
Which unfortunately includes people cuts. Well, don't jump to conclusions.
What if it's just a little harmless budget cutting? But you leave all the people and you just don't pay them.
That counts as a cut. I don't think they're going to show up for free.
Well, then were they really servants of the state? No, they were federal employees. Oh, and that means they're not just beholden to do work for free. Correct.
Oh, slaves that would make them slaves. I can see why they wouldn't want to be that. Oh, you can. Yeah. I can see that.
Okay, I'm seeing both sides. That's bold of you, chat. I just, you know, I'm a man of the people, so I see both sides.
A sweeping wave of termites. Terminations. Oh, well, same idea.
A sweeping wave of terminations has already affected thousands of employees at agencies, including the Veterans Affairs. I just read that.
This week, the president signed an executive order directing agencies to prepare for large scale reductions in force in workforce.
Well, his large scale forcible reductions of the workforce. A lot of force at play. You think the official term is unindentured servants.
They just want to serve. Yeah, you're not a slave if you're willingly giving away every second of your life to an overlord for because you want to.
Who does that? All of us on basically on every social media platform.
Oh, yeah, a little bit. Yeah, a little bit. Hey, girl, are you Elon Musk because you can dismantle my democracy however you like?
Hmm. Hmm. I think that would work. But what is it good to get your genitals dismantled? Well, no, your democracy, dismantling with your...
It's sexy. Oh, okay. Many of the first to be cut are those still in prohibitionary period because they were recently hired along with long serving employees who moved or promoted into new positions.
And in many cases, they have fewer job protections because they're new. You know, kind of like how you hire only interns so that you can fire them without facing any consequences or laws,
but they're about to not exist because we're firing all the people that like build the backbone that allows law to be possible.
So pretty soon things are going to be cool. We're going to be able to do whatever we want. Anarchism? Yeah, it'll be anarchism.
Well, you might be getting a little out of yourself there. I think it'll just be a significantly reduced public safety net with various draconian, corporate,
and then the other thing is that the tax is going to be lower.
The agency is presiding over us. So our taxes will be lower.
I'm just trying to look for positives here.
I was a consumer protection cop thrown off the beat by dogey, wrote Taylor soon who worked as a compliance examiner with the consumer final financial protection borough for 11 months before being fired on Tuesday.
One month before his probation.
Dude, this guy was probating at work. Not the thing you think it is.
Well, anyway, he's you would have had to stop probating because they weren't going to let him anymore.
But then they fired him before he even had a chance to stop himself.
There will still be laws for brown people chat points out. He was cooler.
But in a sense, because we're all mad that the rest of us are losing our laws.
Well, now the minorities get them all. So in a way, isn't that redistribution?
No. So what I said didn't make sense.
Correct. Correct. Correct. Oh, OK.
Based in Houston, so traveled the country in search of unfair. This guy got fired unfair, deceptive abuses at financial institutions.
But again, the word is going to let them take care of themselves now.
I feel like it's such an important agency for every single American he told NPR.
It is truly is a nonpartisan mission, which is unfortunate that it has been heavily politicized.
It's almost like they're going to fire enough people that they can start their own government.
Oh, well, if we just start from scratch, then we won't make the same mistakes this time.
That's how this country was founded is by saying, Baxies start over reset.
You know, all the people already here reset.
ATW Salazar can do.
Yeah, well, I think they're going to have a little, you know, they're just going to they're going to keep the elements of the government that keep or attempt to that keep wealthy people, you know, increasingly more wealthy.
They'll probably keep those parts. Well, which parts are those?
We'll probably like the huge tax break that's on the way.
My guess is there will be a multi trillion dollar tax break at some point for, you know, the wealthiest people on the planet.
And conveniently, will also heavily reduce the federal budget. Oh, and that's efficiency.
They'll say it is. Well, as long as they say it is, by the way, case in chat, I put that video of me charging my spinal simulator in the chat thread.
Hell yeah, let's if it's OK, we'll watch that after we cover this like fucking depressing news.
I mean, there's honestly not feel like there's not that much to say without really soap boxing my ass off.
So is there anything else in this story that feels particularly novel?
Well, I mean, it seems like it should be novel that they're laying off like 10 percent of the federal workforce, but they've been doing it now for for kind of weeks.
And normally it would take longer than weeks. It seems like it should.
But they're going to do it in a couple of weeks. They're just going to kind of bang it out.
So at this point, it just already feels normal to me and I don't care.
Oh, I'm sure they appreciate that chat. I bet they do.
I mean, I don't care about most things, but I've also about this.
I was like, well, it's not affecting me yet. So I just I'll go ahead and not care about that at all.
Watch it. That's it's good for my mental health. Oh, yeah.
But I mean, I just it's a great way to prioritize what's going on in your brain.
You should be around. Give me about that. And that's kind of what I do. OK.
You hope Rick job is still secure. Does he still work here?
Has he been federally downsized? Well, I don't know.
I was who was hired by a federal grant program that granted me the
unnegotiable position that I had to have on my network.
So they revoke that he could be out of a job.
So he's getting paid by the government. No, the government was forcing me to pay him.
And you're on the side of federal employees.
Well, every federal employee but Rick and most of the CIA.
Hey, if they want to target the CIA, I say go at go for it.
They're mostly targeting like, you know, consumer protection agencies,
educate the entire education department. Yeah, but it wasn't working because I'm proof of that.
Shoot, you are kind of proof of that. Don't let yourself down.
Don't don't hold back. You're part of it, too.
I also improved that it didn't work that well.
Nobody nobody educated me in how to do this, nor should they have.
No education required to do whatever this is.
Yeah, that's probably clear.
Rick has caught in compromise. He's probably still around.
I haven't seen him. I've never even been on screen with him.
Imagine that. Oh, that is crazy. You've never been in the same room with him.
So does he even exist? Who knows?
Well, anyway, officials at the Department of Housing and Urban Development have set a target of laying off
half the agency staff because while I go for 10% when you can get halfway to 100,
I'm sure they'd love to get to 100.
Secretary Linda McMahon accompanied to the mic by Triple H.
Wait, did that actually happen?
Are they doing wrestling during these Senate hearing committees?
Because that would make it substantially more fun if my favorite wrestlers show up?
I guess so. Triple H, Linda McMahon. I guess let's take a look at this.
Triple H sits behind Linda McMahon.
Oh my God. Oh, these news videos are the absolute worst.
Holy hell, this looks alarming.
Well, when you see these guys in the wild, it is a little scary.
What's he doing over there? Oh, it's muted.
My daughter, Stephanie McMahon. Paula Vech, her husband and my...
Okay, here we go.
German Cassidy. Yes, I'd like to introduce my daughter, Stephanie McMahon.
Paula Vech, her husband and my son, Shane McMahon.
I'm so happy to have them here.
Isn't there one other member of that family?
I feel like she stopped one short.
Who is she forgetting?
Yeah, good question, Shad.
Hmm, Hornswoggle. Oh, yeah. I forgot.
Vince had one other kid named Hornswoggle.
They did kind of drop that plot, but I never forgot.
Yeah, Vince Jr., Tony Khan. She should have just thrown Tony in there. Why not?
I have friends from far places, so I welcome having them here today.
And appreciate that they're here.
Oh, there's Hornswoggle in the back. No, that's not.
Well, I just mean it would be within Hornswoggle's rights to pop out and yell,
like, I'm here too.
But I guess instead they're yelling about how it's probably bad to completely nuke the Department of Education.
Which, but she's not going to, she's going to be in charge of it,
so she's probably going to defend it against people trying to keep it.
Ah, is that what she'll do?
Well, you know, the Department of Education has its failings.
I do appreciate that the conversation for Republicans for a long time has been just get rid of it.
The only way to fix it is to get rid of it.
Oh, they're out there like there's so much waste.
So just get rid of the funding entirely instead of trying to reform how the funding is spent.
No, what education needs is less funding, actually.
Well, we're just not getting the outcomes.
Outcomes. They're not getting the outcomes for students that they want.
Honestly, you don't want students outcoming at all, you know what I mean?
I went to public school. Me too.
Well, actually, that's not true. You didn't go to public school?
I mean, I did as an elementary school student, but then I went to a prestigious,
non-pristigious private, private high school in Roanoke, Virginia.
Roanoke, Virginia is finest.
Getting special needs requirements, cutting curriculum, and removing mandatory COVID restrictions.
How mandatory could they be if we can remove them?
School of hard knocks.
Is that, was that the private school you went to? The School of Hard Knocks case?
Not quite, no. No, it was not very hard.
I'd say it's biggest advantage is that they were very forgiving with a lot of their students, honestly.
My OBS scenes all look like old GeoCities websites and with all the animated gifts and Sailor Moon background.
That sounds kind of cool, actually.
I'm going to go ahead and say that sounds very cool, Melody Von Torch.
The chat is hilarious. He said so himself. That's true. I mean, I've confirmed it.
I'm one of the funniest. I'm not God the office that I've heard rumors from myself that I'm funny.
That's the kind of confidence you need to be the funniest guy in the office.
And I believe I am. A thousand percent no for a fact in my own head that that's true.
Okay, well look, Triple H was behind Linda McMahon, who, you can't prove that she's going to cut the entire agency out of the government yet.
Well, it's not really her choice. She's just an avatar of the Trump administration, who's just an avatar of corporate interests,
who happened to be interested in extracting more money out of our education system for themselves.
Or the children? Even extracting money from the children?
Oh, no, protecting the children? They must care a little bit. They probably have some kids.
Antonio Gaines, president of the HUD Council 222 of the American Federation of Government Employees,
was told of those targets by three officials with direct knowledge of them.
I lost the thread of this story.
The EPA terminates hundreds of employees. The Department of Defense targets a big budget cut.
Wait a minute. See, that's why I told you there are certain agencies I wouldn't really mind if they cut.
I'd rather that they just move the money to things like, say, education, but they just want to cut that too.
Well, you know, there you can't just, there's different types of money.
You can't use gun money on kid because that puts the kid at danger. You know what?
We can't just use the money you were going to use for gun on kid because now you're basically by the transitive property of gun,
putting guns in the hands of kids. How do you think money works?
If you've already earmarked the money for gun and then you give that kid gun money, now they have to buy gun.
Why are you so concerned saying guns? Because each kid would only get one gun probably.
Look, my point is we got to be careful.
The EPA has terminated hundreds of employees. The USDA supervisor has given no notice of layoff,
so our beef could still be safe maybe. I think the USDA is probably not safe either.
Oh, and you'll be surprised by this. 10% of the CDC staff has already been cut.
But I mean, the COVID's gone. It's not. Yeah, but not like it's more or less gone. It's really not.
But you know, it's gone. Essentially, it's gone. It's just accepted now.
So we accepted that 10% of the CDC is probably not needed because what's going to happen?
Another COVID? Yes. Yeah, but, um, well, look, Chad, I mean, if you want to feel better about them cutting
large swaths of the government, I can at least get done with cutting money from the defense from defense contracts.
But something tells me they might be a little looser on that one.
Maybe they'll cut the agency responsible for like double checking where a billion dollars goes when it disappears out of the Pentagon.
No, they're mad at that. They're going to fix that. They even saying like a billion dollars disappeared and the Pentagon didn't even know why.
We're going to audit that for sure. I bet they'll get right on that.
What I said made sense, propaganda. Chad, it didn't. You can spend the money on other cases now in favor of just giving kids gun money.
But I can only, I'm an open minded guy, but I can only go so far with you, buddy.
Where have you, you never meet me halfway on any of this stuff.
Well, I have to provide a strong counterbalance to you to the use saying words. I have to say the opposite words.
That's not all the news is supposed to work, but that is how it works here.
And we've been working overtime for, I've probably gone five minutes over that comes as overtime.
I'm only contracted for 10 minutes segments at a time. I've already gone five minutes into overtime.
I think I do have to call it. If you need the cliff notes, well, that should be easy because we're actually shortening everything down to almost no people.
And there will be no one to write full books anymore. I think they're cutting 50% of novelists. That's not a government agency.
Now the government agency of novelists that produces most books is also been cut by 50%.
So now everything will be cliff notes. And the cliff notes of this story is we're firing like most people.
So sorry about that. I still have a job. I'm not the government chat. So I guess, okay, but you know, it's a low bar.
You still having a job in what way in the imaginary sense?
Look, I'm not tracking it all. And I think that's the time for me to get out of here.
If you've lost your job recently, my heart does go out to you.
But on the bright side, now you can work for like a the private government where there will probably be better benefits because it'll be government private government benefits.
I just can't even track what you're saying anymore.
Well, and that's because you can't keep up with the furious nature of my quick mind and quick wits.
But quickly, I must leave the news, which was not quick, but did it still happen again?
And I'm jet. I'm jet. Yes, I'm jet. Bye bye.
Why? I don't know as you're making light of people getting fired. It's kind of in poor taste and also kind of stupid.
Well, Chris has gotten us off to a fucking angry start as usual that will you ask me these my fucking parole officer is here for some reason.
We got a lot of stuff to get to. So we probably should have you not talking anymore, Chris.
I'm not trying to hate. I'm trying to give feedback.
Just, you know, maybe take into account the target of your analogy and say, am I making light of people that have actually lost something tangible?
Because honestly, we all might lose something tangible due to the reckless handling of, you know, our society as a whole.
Oh my God, Chris is so fucking bored. You know, I would have taken your feedback, but instead it was feed butts. How about that?
Okay.
I'm a cutter. Dude, I love cutting fucking movies up to bits and then watching two minute versions of them to save everybody.
It's not a trailer show. It's a movie show. Just shorter movies more efficiently told.
For instance, the accountant to fucking finally.
God damn ever since the cliffhanger of the accountant one, I've been dying for this shit. You ever you watched the account one?
I mean, I watched the trailer and the trailer honestly ended on a cliffhanger.
So thank God they're back for the accountant to maybe they'll tell me what happened at the end of the accountant one trailer.
What's the difference between dressy casual and business casual?
We don't own carpool shirts. We don't own flip cups. Anything else?
Don't wear your black suit. It makes you look like a mortician.
Oh my God, I'm falling in love with you.
Get fucking roasted, bitch.
Why'd you ask if you were having money problems?
Don't make me nervous.
An escaped convict, trained by mob accountants, beer clients or drug cartels, money launders.
Is that a yes?
Ray King has been murdered. Do you like puzzles, Mr. Wolf?
I need your help to finish the job he started. What are you doing?
Waiting for you to finish.
So you can.
Can you tell from the tone of my voice that I know it's you?
Can you be in Los Angeles, California in 24 hours?
Goodbye.
What are you doing?
I'm full, man.
Baxter?
All those things had a meaning.
Your father was speed on a case?
A fed, huh?
You'll be doing some sweet things later.
That wasn't part of the trailer.
I can see him where I thought.
I work for a government agency.
I don't do a long trail.
I would have ran a meet with someone who killed all these people.
They shouldn't kill all those people.
How do you know that?
No.
You often come to capital murder?
I actually didn't say anything.
They're murder panels all the time.
This is it, huh?
Living on a lunch box.
It's quite comfortable.
Spain here is looking for you.
Do you not miss me because of me or is it your condition?
I'm just me.
Who do you think is the biggest plan?
Plan?
You get these ideas in your head. Good for you.
Let's get ourselves killed.
I think he's dropped that because he's mad that
Dunk-a-chino is still the best donut commercial.
Dunk-a-chino is still the best.
You know, because he spent so much money on his donut commercial.
But Dunk-a-chino is still kind of the best.
Like, you know, come on.
You drop all that money.
Something's brewing and you still get absolutely shredded by this.
It's not Al anymore.
It's Dunk.
Dunk-a-chino?
Don't mind if I do.
What's my name?
Dunk-a-chino.
It's a whole new game.
Dunk-a-chino.
You aren't creamy goodness.
I'm your friend.
Say hello to my chocolate blend.
Attica, who are Lathi Light?
This whole trial is out of sight.
They pulled me back in with Hazelnut too.
Carmel swirl, I know it was you.
Everyone wants my Dunk-a-chino.
Look at those moves.
Can't get enough of my Dunk-a-chino.
Pitch from 7 to 17-o.
Lying enough for my Dunk-a-chino.
What's my name?
Dunk-a-chino.
Dunk-a-chino.
Dunk-a-dunk-a-dunk-a-dunk-a-dunk-a-dunk-a-chino.
Honestly, that single-handedly justifies the existence of Dunkin' Donuts
and the latter half of Adam Sandler's entire career.
He won 7 Emmys and 8 Grammys for this.
Deserved.
And I bet that Ben Affleck's so mad that all his work on his, you know,
okay Dunkin' Donuts ad didn't even come close to that.
He's like, fuck it.
I'm just gonna say I'm autistic now.
I just don't understand fundamentally how you see the world.
I'm just thinking things through in my own way, man.
That's clear at least.
Mmm.
All right, I'm gonna pick one.
Fine, dude, I don't even care what we watch.
How about the Wheel of Time Season 3?
Not that one, though.
Okay, not a fan of the Wheel of Time.
How to Train Your Dragon Official IMAX.
The still frame looks like this is a re-release of the cartoon,
but I'm told it's different.
So let's see how.
I'm pretty sure this is just a cartoon again,
because those were all the same dragons.
We're all the Sandis.
Yeah, so far the cartoon.
The finest dragon.
Yep, so far still the cartoon.
Oh, there's a guy.
Every time the Vikings ever trapped.
All right, still a cartoon.
Okay, still the cartoon.
Oops, still the cartoon.
These beasts are a threat to all the violence.
Oops, still the cartoon.
These beasts are a threat to all the violence.
Still the cartoon.
It's time.
Okay, kind of the cartoon.
Okay, there's a guy.
Oh, and we're back to the cartoon.
I have to kill you.
I won't because I'm a Viking.
You hear that?
I'm a Viking.
Damn, they're just cross-cutting the cartoon with real guys.
They're kind of smart.
They don't have to make half the movie.
It's okay.
I won't hurt you.
You're a beast.
What I like about this is this half is just the same shot of the cartoon.
But then there's a guy over here.
Like half the screen is new.
I think that's fun.
Maybe they're not as bad as we think they are.
In case you forgot, our parents' war is about to become ours.
Figure out which side you are.
They do all kind of look like a cartoon.
It's a boss.
I'm going to kill thousands of them.
Two of us know.
He's a friend.
You all need to see this.
I'm not willing to.
We all need to see this, actually.
They just said so.
Wow, you've lost everything.
Your father, your tribe, your past friend.
Yeah, they love the first one, and this is half that.
What are you going to do about it?
Probably something stupid.
Well, you've already done that.
It's something crazy.
What's up to us?
Us?
Stick with me.
There's a cartoon.
It's like the size of my...
Oh, they killed someone.
I like that they introduced death into the universe.
It felt a little low on consequences before.
So I'm glad that kid got murdered by a dragon at the end there.
I mean, you probably made it.
Nah, he's fucking dead.
You saw that thing go straight for his goddamn eyes.
Yeah, you know I like the cartoon.
That seems to be half the cartoon.
Look, I mean, obviously, Chet...
I'm not Chet.
Trent?
Yes.
Trent's oversimplifying.
I mean, look, if they didn't make it look exactly like the dragon from the cartoon,
how would we know it's how to train your dragon?
It's not their fault that the dragon from the cartoon is a cartoon.
It just looks exactly like the cartoon.
No, there's slightly more light effects on it.
His helmet saved his life.
Oh, that's smart, dude.
That's a PSA.
You've never seen any of these movies. Are they any good?
I've heard the TV show is good, actually.
I've watched the first movie.
And the first movie's fine.
And now you can see it again, but, you know, in the old Power Rangers,
they'd like, they'd take the Super Sentai stuff,
and then they'd recut it with American actors.
They just did the same thing here.
Well, but the first one had American actors just voicing cartoon characters.
Well, yeah, but I always see the cartoons as they're the race of cartoon.
So this one, they're getting American actors to replace the race of cartoon people.
You know, it's like Power Rangers.
Like, we don't want to... We're Americans.
We have to watch American actors.
No, well then why did they recut Super Sentai with American actors?
Because, um, well, I guess for that reason, but, you know,
look, I'm just saying, like, we hate stuff from other countries.
And we... And cartoons are from other countries.
No, cartoons are cartoons.
Yeah, they're from the country of cartoons.
Oh my God.
Our stream can't be this dumb.
It can't be this dumb.
Stop me then. You can't.
I'll stop you by forcing you to watch the trailer for The Friend.
Oh wait, let's watch the Tim Robinson one.
That one's about friends.
Oh, okay, actually, that's fine.
A24 Tim Robinson trailer.
I don't know the name of the movie, but it's about friends.
Friendship. There we go.
I can't believe they're also coming up with a movie named Friend
in a similar time period.
It's like when they dropped a bunch of asteroid movies at once.
Well, now they're dropping all the friend movies.
Let's see Tim Robinson's.
Hi.
Hi.
A new neighbor invited you over for a drink at eight.
Tonight, I said you'd go.
You don't know where to get to.
You sit there every night.
It might be nice to have a pal, you know?
A bud.
Hey guys, this is my neighbor Craig.
He's the best.
I was just spiraling.
I mean, I see the way the guys look at her.
I'm just, I'm scared.
Sheila's lucky to have a dad like you.
Boy, you should know that
I've got you on my mind
Your secret admirer
I've been watching you
Night night, I think of you
To be your baby
If your game is your love is strong
I can see the future
It's full of pals
I'm on the edge of life
And the view is gorgeous
Look, we had a couple of really nice hangs
But I think it best that we go our separate ways
I don't wish to continue this friendship
You all accepted me way too fast
You can't do that
You made me feel too free
People need rules
You should be dead, you psycho! Who are you?
Give me a second chance
There's a new Marvel Out
That's supposed to be nuts
We should go see that
Well, wait, is there a new Marvel Out?
Um, yes
But, you know, I don't think that's the point of the trailer
It kind of teed me up to see a new Marvel at the end of that
That's your takeaway?
There's a new one out
Well, there is, but...
That's not the point of the trailer
Well, but there's one
Is it nuts? I think it's not very good
Yeah, I want to see it
Okay
Seems like an adult swim sketch
Yeah, you know, probably
What would you just do with your hand?
I itched under my glasses and my face
Wow, that's incredible
Harrison Hulk, is he in that? Is he in friendship?
No, Tim Robinson is
Oh, okay
Well, I think it looks like...
I think there's not a movie about male friendships
And that's why men don't have friends anymore
Because of the movies? Yeah, there's not enough talking about it
Now that there's a movie to represent us guys
Being pals
Maybe we can start being friends again
I have zero friends because of movies
That doesn't really sound right, but...
Does Trent have his own rap theme song?
Dude, I don't
What the fuck?
Well, I never thought that you did need one
But now the world knows that I do
Uh, called for a lover's expert for the trailer for vibes
Oh shit, I can talk to an expert
An expert, a lover expert
New sub goal
New sub goal just maybe dropped
Look, I'm sorry, but...
These polls are not legally binding to fourth case to do certain sub goals
Well, let's just see what comes in
X-Mation.0 is how you fill that out
We do have an expert call
A lover's expert for the trailer for vibes
Let's look up the vibes trailer
Which is probably in this list
But we'll watch this trailer for vibes
While we sort out what the next sub goal is
Oh, the 1998 film vibes
Let's watch it and then we'll talk to a lover's expert
Look, your options for the next sub goal are
Actually Rescue Puffy Bear
Don't waste that one, because that one will happen just very slowly
Uh, September, Hanging Valentine's Don Week
Number three, Mike
Can we do number three, Chris?
I'm gonna go ahead and give the official parole officer
No on number three
Trent Rapsong is possibly doable
Maybe if I feel like it
And Trent and Chris Thiem
Oh, I'm in on it
What? Guys, no, just it's me
No, I mean, I'll go, I'll do it too
Why would we do this to us?
It could just be me
No, it won though, so...
We'll do it together
Fuck
Alright, god damn
Good thing I know how to use stream elements
Or a case would be screwed
There'd be no way to update the sub goal
Alright, dashboard
You guys trying to friendship us?
Did that trailer make you long for the days of friendship?
Because it's never gonna happen for Chris and I
Well, yeah, there's, you know, I'm more of a mentor figure
No, also not that
Well, but, you know, sort of undeniably just
Even just positionally, I sort of am
Whether you want me to be or not
I refuse to accept this as my reality
Just so you know, I know, but it's the truth
Okay, Chris, Trent, Thiem
And we'll, because we already are
We're seven
Seven subs pass where we were
We'll say that it probably would have crossed 20
And we'll just make it a weird 13
As the goal
Uh
Reset the goals, okay
13
And there you have it
Lucky number 13 subs to get us there
That's beautiful, man, I mean, who knows
Who knows if it'll happen
And there's no rush, because I
I mean, who knows if people want to see me
And Chris sing a song
I mean, they ask for it
Well, did they though?
Did they really? I mean, we just saw it happen
Yeah, but I don't know if I believe it
Let's watch the trailer for vibes
This is the 1998 film vibes
And then we'll talk to an expert on love
Put your hands on mine and I will take
Toe to control of your mind
Picture if you will a man, he's tall, dark, and psychic
Someone's had sex on this table
She's a small medium at large
I've been told that before
Small medium, large
He's got a way with a mystery
Nick, it's not what you think
I've been holding these panties
You know I can tell
She's got a way with words
I love the way you talk
You probably also say, peanuts
For your consideration, can these psyched up psychics
Screw you!
No thanks
Find the ultimate source of power in the universe
Psyched out
You also kissed it? Why don't you know already?
Cindy Lauper
You know how hard it is to buy goofers
When you're out of your body?
Jeff Goldblum
Must we spoil what's been an
Appraved and embarrassing evening?
Vibes, the comedy with a feel for adventure
It's Norway
Oh crack it up
Vibes, get the feeling this January
Celebrity voice impersonation because I-
Oh we do also have to do the Hamtaro stream
Case sends his regrets
That he hasn't already done that
But he's been like, he's like
I'm too busy to do stuff or something
You know the kind of dumb shit he says
Okay well look we got a love expert coming in
The name is
Randy Hartz
You probably recognize him from Instagram
He's one of the biggest Instagram influencers in the world
In the space of relationship and love advice
And Randy Hartz recently joined me for an interview
As he recently is in right now
Let's go down to the interview room
To be the power of fire teleportation
Yo Randy Hartz, it's fucking huge that you're here dog
I- it's an honor
First time long time
I'm a long time guy who fucks
But it's my first time talking to you about it
Yeah that's huge news man
I had to- sorry I had to remote in
From my palatial estate near this waterfall
No that's no big deal Randy
That's the fucking honor to even get you on a call man
Cause like
People out here are like fit and honestly never fall in love dude
People are like their hearts are broken right now
My generation holds love life was ruined basically by covid
Cause for two years we had to fuck each other over zoom
And a lot of our college and high school experiences
Were like deeply truncated by that
Because we like couldn't fuck or we'd die
So for like all of us younger kids out there
Cause I'm really young
Yeah I can tell you got it young spirit
No like I'm literally really young
Like for all of us younger kids
Do you have any advice like how to mend our hearts
And find connection with each other
Yeah um
I'd say probably the biggest thing a lot of guys mend
The biggest thing a lot of guys miss is that you need to psychologically
And girls that you need to psychologically dominate your partner
But in a way that's open and respectful
I'm a little mesbrous by your aura sorry
How do I do that?
Well look um in the early 2000s there was
A lot of there's a lot of motion around the pickup artist community
And um I think it was misplaced because it really just focused on
You know it was all about just getting laid
But psychological domination is really more about
Long term forcing a partner to kind of bend your will
And you don't want to focus purely on the sexual aspect of it
You're trying to psychologically dominate someone
Into being your long term partner
Not binary trend, you'll respect
Yeah but how do I do that?
Um well
Sorry I'm just waiting
I'm holding for train
Holding for train
Holding for train
Just holding for train
Holding for train
Okay the train has passed
You don't have to hold for the train
He just kind of does his own thing
I think one really big way to psychologically dominate your
Um perspective partner
You want to kind of overwhelm them visually
And then they just kind of
What was I talking about?
You want to overwhelm people visually and what
And then I just um then they'll do what
What did you want to talk about?
I don't know um how do I get
How do I fuck more people?
Um well no I mean I was talking more about psychological
Yeah but how do I fuck more people?
What's happening?
I'm asking you questions
Is that what's happening?
There's also a song like yeah
So how do I fuck more people? Is that a question?
Yeah going to bars is a huge step
Your advice is to go to a bar
Well yeah but wear a silly outfit
This is just old pickup artist advice
No but do it more psychologically
Like wear a silly outfit
But then also when you see someone say
Are you wearing a silly outfit?
This is just weak little pickup artist advice
Randy you're one of my biggest role models
You gotta have better advice than this
I'm just I'm thrown off
You shouldn't be thrown off by this man
You're the one that's supposed to be psychologically dominating
People by wearing silly outfits
There's so much lotion
How'd you get lotion in my house?
Look we sent some lotion dude because there's a hype train
Anyway Apple Dabble thank you for the 100 bits
Are you asking me questions Randy?
Wait Apple Dabble thanks for the 100 bits
Twice
Uncle Phil 2K thanks for the 100 bits
Scammer for the tier one sub
Low tier Tyler for the two community subs
Hey shut the fuck up
I wasn't talking shut the fuck up dude
With respect dude I'm playing
Are you playing?
Yeah I'm fucking playing but shut the fuck up
And that's all you can keep going
Well look people do focus too much on negging
What you want to do is be radically honest with people
It might include insults
Like how fucking your face is melting off your head
Your face is kind of disappearing
What?
Dude you look like half your face is kind of just like fucking
Fading away like back to the future
You're like receding into the mist dude
Woo
I'm just fucking playing dude I mean it's funny
Music
Are you dying?
Are you trying to fuck me?
Sure
I just took a god name
I mean I'm with
Do you feel psychologically dominated?
No you've given really bad advice
No I'm
Afforded this huge house in front of this waterfall
Because of the several books I've written in the seminars I give
Yeah but I mean you suck at it clearly
Like you're not very good
How old are you?
Too young to fuck you honestly
You will never get this
How's that feel?
How old are you?
Fucking young enough to know that you suck
I don't really understand what I did wrong
I mean you just fucking blew it dude
You had a chance to talk to me
I thought you were a fan of me
I was
Not anymore let's get out of here
Sorry about that everybody
The vibes were off
Yo
I just
Came over here
I just came over here to say
I'm sorry
Sorry if that didn't go well
Dude look I've got him apologizing to me
In my own theater
Randy can I be honest with you?
What?
It's because I followed your advice dog
Because I followed your advice
The master has become the pupus
How's that feel?
Oh you read my books
I don't read
I just picked up on your advice so quickly that I
Psychologically dominated you
Into being obsessed with a teenage boy
There's no way that you're a teenage
And you're banned for saying that
Chris you're back
What the fuck was the point of that?
I just had to show that I
Nailed Randy's
Nailed his fucking class
He said I'm bad at school
Wow
Randy and Archie all to the cook
Card came down just now
I'm a jammed 300 shiny tasty coins
And I've been dying to say this
What's that Mr. President?
Rocking the block with Glock
And running the album on TikTok
Let me show you the way to game on the plane
See you as an President
Make your whole pressure
And then show them keys you got to your own
Dude he was spitting bars there
God damn
Cut himself off
You want to hear the full bars
You got to buy the album
Damn
What's that?
I don't know
You know what?
We did three trailers
That's enough for today
Thank you for the support
Thanks for launching off that hype train
I guess thank you to Randy Hart
Or whatever
Randy I'm sorry
I thanked you the hype ended
That wasn't me trying to nag you Randy
I'm not trying to fuck you like apparently
Trent is
I was trying to psychologically dominate him
And I think I succeeded
He had very vague and unsatisfying advice
So if you learn something then I guess good for you Trent
No I mean I think you learn something from me probably
But that's all the time we have
And if you're wondering why we did any of that
Well actually you do know what it is
We'll see you later
Sorry it was just taking off my sleeping cap
I take a nap during that segment so
It's important to keep my sleeping cap on for it
That's a little rude
I don't have much time to nap Bito
You really gotta watch those segments
And keep an eye on the quality
No there's no point in doing that
Oh okay
Yeah that's a good point
Trent should stay in school
I tell him that
I tell him
But I also tell him that he has to be here
Randomly in the middle of the day
Whenever I ask so
I'm sending him sort of
Mixed messages I guess
Okay
What else we got?
We gotta
Um
We have to go amongst the web
We gotta talk to Trent
Not Trent to chat
Why are you confusing those two?
I don't know
It's weird that I would ever confuse those two
Also apologies to Randy Hart
He was a huge get for us
And Trent was pretty rude to him
Um
Well
How are you in a...
How do you give advice on being more macho?
I don't
I give advice
I recontextualize macho advice
Into psychological advice
That doesn't make any sense
Also your face is disappearing
Yeah
Yeah I made a deal
I made a deal with a being
To be irresistible to people
And the spell is fading
Sorry man you can tell
I'm trying to be radically honest
You can tell that the spell is fading
Yeah I can feel it fading too
It's pretty rough
Sorry to hear that man
I mean I'm also not sorry
If you made a deal with like I guess
An extra dimensional demon
Speaking of extra dimensional demons
Let's go amongst the web with Salazar
They can't stay away from me
They are like steak
And you keep telling them to stay away from me
Oh for near him he's trying to eat you
And I am
But they just can't stay away
That's how sexy I am
I'm just too sexy
Okay how you doing I guess
I'm doing alright Salazar
Thanks for being here again
How's your murder castle?
Full of blood
Okay so you haven't
Tried to clean it up at all?
Nope I mean if anything I'm trying to add more blood
It's a murder castle
It's not a clinic castle you know
Sometimes there's too much
Like vitreous from the humans and stuff
Lot of little parts lying around you
After I've been walking through it
Cause when I'm in my base form
I'm very short
And sometimes I'm just like wading through
Guts all the way through to my chair
My big old throne that I sit in and just think
Sounds rough
You know it's lonely being a collection
Of consciousness that are mostly bug
Hmm
It's really hard to get the furniture out of the blood
So much furniture to just soak up all that useful blood
Lot of couches hogging the blood
Okay well what are we here to do
We're gonna watch
Not blood or murder hopefully
But internet videos here's one
What did he throw from case?
Joy 7s for the channel 610 o'clock news
Fuck it we getting out of this joint
I think she had done enough news
I agree with her that was a shorty but a goody
The fuck are we getting out of this joint?
I'm gonna choose to believe that's real
I think it probably is
It might not be
But even if it's not
I'm gonna choose to believe
I wanna start off with the crowd pleaser for once
That's rare for this
Hey you know it's up to the people
It's what they wanna share
I happen to share a banger right off the gate
This will this next one be a banger?
Only literally possibly
Looks like this one's gonna come in very close to a 10
Not all the way there yet
Maybe if she had said
I don't know what could have pushed it over the edge
He was angry or something
Maybe if she was vomiting out blood and bugs
I don't think that would have gotten to the extra point too
Yeah but maybe if she was vomiting out blood and bugs
I'm just saying maybe
Let's start to see
Is that the president of Ukraine?
They really let their politicians do whatever
I mean they really let me do whatever too but
I'm surprised that Linsky would let himself be seen like that
It does look a lot like Linsky
If anything that would have helped his election chances
So that's you know you must love that case
That's about your level of humor
I mean I don't know if I could pull that off
You gotta stay rocked up
I don't really get the joke actually
So what they have a stomach tentacle doing it
Oh it's a dick joke it's their dick's doing it
That's where their dicks are
Their dicks are coming from the middle of their body
Where's yours come from?
Where's mine come from?
Plural
It's not quite right
It isn't my first language come on give me a break
Where aren't my dicks coming from would be more of the question
I'm like I mean a bug is like 90% dicks
Not most bugs well when you're hitting your throwing
Nope
Okay let's see what this lady's up to
No roster no hoes just me my bush and my EBT card against the world
Those are the girls that that that young boy who's running the
The trailer thing is got to try to win over and I can see how is the challenge
Young ladies are you know
They're more self-possessed than ever they got their priorities straight
And I for one support it
She's got her bush and what?
You know she's got everything she needs
She's got everything she needs in my opinion
That was another short one
Waxing is a luxury
Yeah they cut the federal budget for waxing
Which you know you tell me if it's a waste in about a year
When you're crawling through so much bush that you think it's blood
What?
I'm just saying you know if we cut the federal budget for bush waxing
There's going to be as much bush everywhere as there is blood in my castle
Is that a department in Spanish Transylvania?
Yeah I mean you got to keep your boy
What do you know?
Another thing about bugs we grow huge P.O.B. bushes
I don't really think you're just a bug
Well that's true I'm also a good friend
This is Fitz Houston's Gospel vibes and it's two minutes long
So we might not watch the whole thing
Six Six Books in a Bible
One should learn them
You're going to be Bible
For the News of Constantation
We might have to watch the whole thing
Six Six Books in a Bible
One should learn them
You're going to be Bible
For the News of Constantation
In the truth and the revelation
Here we go
Genesis, Exodus, Bidding's Numbers, Deuteronomy, Joshua, Judgian, Ruth
Persian II Samuel, Persian II Kings, 1st Sechal Chronicles, Ezra
Nehemiah, Esther, Joseph, Psalms, Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, Song of Solomon
Lamentations, Ecclesiastes, Daniel, Jose Joel, Amos, Obadiah
Any Anemaniacs fans out there? This is the upgrade
The Old Testament made a strong foundation
But the New Testament is going to save our nation
Six Six Books, learn the word
Share with others who haven't heard
Six Six Books is going to save you and me
But you got to learn to be I.B.L. Hit it
Six Six Books in a Bible
One should learn them
You know the chorus
It's easy
You know the chorus
You guys know the chorus, right?
Six Six Books is going to save you and me
Sorry
But you got to learn to be I.B.L.E. Six Six Books
Spread the news
New Testament
Here we go
Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Acts, and Romans
1st, 2nd Corinthians
Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians
Sorry, we need to hear this whole thing
I didn't realize the Bible had 66 books
I thought it was 70 something
Okay, I guess there is
I guess there's differing opinions, potentially
I don't know what he's taking off
He's out of here
Wow, well
Now we know the secret to making gays listen to the whole video
Is I guess do a gospel rap?
I mean, I needed to see it through
There's six Six Books in the Bible
I don't think he did all 66 though, I was ready
How fat is his bush?
Well, that was back in the 80s
when there was still federal funding for bush removal
I don't think that was ever a thing here
How do you guys get around?
There's just bush clogging up everything
if you don't take care of it
It's like Sanitary Department funding is here
Bush Department Removal funding up here
I guess you guys just grow them thick and hairy
down in Spanish Transylvania
I mean, we do, well, we did
Now we mostly blow grow them slithering and slimy
cause we're bugs, you might have heard
I've, yep, you've made that really clear
Okay, this is another short one
And maybe a sad one cause apparently this creature later died
A 6.43
I mean, if I was rating it
Well, you luckily weren't
Let's see this disgusting creature, I love it
One of my back peenuses
Imagine your face getting stuck like that
Me jump scare, sorry
Once in his mouth
His mouth is like full of more mouth
My God, this is beautiful
This thing going to go blind though
It's like men living in the dark forever
Ah, again they show us
Is that its tongue?
You get distracted by the teeth
You forget how crazy the tongue is
And that's a line I've said the same before
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean dog?
Back high five
Back five
No, now whatever
Freaky magic coat guy who cares
Sorry, I didn't notice I didn't notice
I'm gonna high five me
What are you paying attention to?
I was enraptured by that
Beautiful disgusting fish
Which apparently later died
I have no sense of humor, sorry
Very unfun of you, but that's what I've come to expect
What the hell?
Okay, let's celebrate life
Just like we sort of did before case bomb the set by saying that thing died
But here's people really living
3, 2, 1
Flower?
He means more intensive, it's not flower
I'm just saying
Do you know?
I'm gonna assume it's flower, that's a
Or they're really balling
They're balling for real if it's not
Because they're just letting it go
This is how the drugs are getting across the border
Yeah
There's a couple of corrupt government agents that are just playing that game
Right at the southern border
Well not anymore, now they're cracking down on that
Do you know how hard it is for me to slither under your border now that there's more fences?
I don't think there even really are
It should be
How are you even getting into the country?
Slythering
I sort of hop in the, I hop in my ocean and I swim across
With my giant reptilian, you know, fins
But it's
It's more inconvenient than it used to be because now there's like a couple more guys in sunglasses when I pop out of the water and eat them
And I'm already often very full from eating all the people on the boats on the way here
That's what you do every time you come to the station?
Yeah, I kind of kill about a hundred people making the journey from Spanish Transylvania to your studio every time I come
Chat, we gotta stop, gotta stop requesting this guy
No, they love me, they can't
Don't you get your drugs fresh from Spanish Transylvania?
We don't need human drugs anymore
We can literally, you know, we can pull the
Adrenaline and the Adrenaline Combs straight out of your spine
With our mosquito-like tongues
It gets longer than that
Okay, I'll take your word for it
Let's end with a little self-defense
You've inspired me to end on a little bit of self-defense
Let's see how to defend ourselves from Salazar
I only work at the sunglasses on weekends
And I have to kill a couple hundred people just to get to that job too
Self-defense means meeting violence with violence
No, that guy's got that guy
I'll just bring Paul over here
We had the Adam's apple
The hand makes a circle and chops into that brain stem
That's a knockout point, thank you Paul
I come right in and attack the Adam's apple, thank you Paul
So you poke from here right into the eye, thank you Paul
I hit him, comes flying back if I miss into there
Thank you Paul
Did he get his nuts there?
As you can see, there's a lot of force, thank you Paul
And we're squeezing hard behind the windpipe, thank you Paul
I follow through with a strike, thank you Paul
Wham, like that, thank you Paul
Kick, I got it, thank you Paul
Coming right down on the skull, thank you very much Paul
Thank you very much Paul
Thank you very much Paul
Thank you very much Paul
Thank you very much Paul
Out of that circle
By following McSweeney's self-defense
You're going to be able to maintain a strong healthy body
And to protect it throughout your entire life span
Or until you become disabled or fragile and weak
Thank you Paul
I think that was just an excuse to beat the shit out of Paul
That's the practitioner of the Tiger Workout
Who knows what kind of damage he could do to Paul
The Tiger Workout
There's a reason he's showing all those tigers
He's doing tiger exercises every day
Can you imagine how hot that guy's hamstrings are
After he's been doing an hour of tiger lunges all morning
I mean I'm thinking about it now
Where's the muscle though if he's working out like a tiger
You don't understand, if you want a tiger body
You do tiger exercises, you don't look strong
You just are strong, like a tiger
A tiger looks pretty strong
Yeah but you don't get it, cause you're a bug
I mean I think it's, you're buying into that
I mean look at the results
He seems strong to me
He's beating the shit out of Paul
I mean that's true, he was really giving it to Paul there
Exclamation point Paul, we could use a Paul command
I would love to have a Paul to kind of summon
To thank, with a kick
Don't get into it, don't start kicking
Americans and their kicks
It's like your number one international export
It's the one thing you're still good at
And I say you just drop it because
Who's it really helping?
Stop kicking please
We get it
You've got good round houses
Most of us don't, that's just a Leon thing
Not all Americans kick strong enough to knock your head off
I think that might just be Leon
Can all Americans suplex you after
Shooting you in the kneecap?
That might just be Leon and certain disgraced WWE wrestlers
What's with that guy? That's a fair question
Okay well
That's the end of the show
I'm leaving
That's the right cheer for me
There is nothing else for you
It is a barren wasteland without you
A doomed hall of sadness
I say succumb to it and join the mind of the bud
And that seems like it's good to wait when it is any
Okay I guess that's honestly better than most of the outers on this channel
Good job Salazar
I tried my best, bye bye
Godos everybody
It's your favorite
Foreign asset
I guess you are my number one foreign asset
Oh it's Valentine's Day
Look at K it's being all sweet to me
Rename Puffy Bear to Puffy Paul
But you know when I go get him finally
Ooh I got a scent
Oh I got a scent of Casio thing
Another Puffy Bear? No a different thing
Well Leon I forgot how
Sinerous this music is
Yes it's my number one song
Looks like we're going to therapy today
After watching you for just an hour
The chat is calling out for therapy
That's I understand
Yeah I get it that sounds about right
Okay
What do you got for us today Liliana?
What's um
What's going on
In the world today
Well would you believe there's more AI slop news?
Cause there is
The people cry out for more AI slop news
And I'm ready to give it to them
Let's give it to them folks
Ah shoot
Oh not this thing again
One second
This isn't about you agriculture building
It's not all about you today
It's also about this guy
Who is named John Paretty
And who has filed
Uh who has uh who filled Buzzfeed with AI slop
But now says AI is threatening
Human agency
That's news
I mean I think I think we I think we know that John
I appreciate you kind of joining the cause but um
Yeah that's been a little bit of parent
Well but he's just discovered it
And he's ready to tell us about it
Look at him
Jordan Peele's brother in law
Wait really?
Oh it's from live in Sleazy so that means it's true
You can't always control who your partner mates with
I mean your sibling
What?
Sorry
Freudian slip
You know in multiple ways at once
Okay
Paretty who proudly announced in May that AI will replace the majority of static content
And gloated
And I think we have that gloating possibly
Oh in article form
Unless there's a video of him gloating
Let's see if we can find a video really quickly of this guy talking about AI
Just out of curiosity
John Paretty
Oh come on he's going to be talking in front of some conference somewhere about how cool AI is
Or not
Oh here he is at the Oxford Union
Look at him go
The audience is hugely important and under under recognized
I think there's also a lot of things that that um
Are about timing
And so you know Buzzfeed started too early like we were building a social content company
When there wasn't any platforms for social content like Twitter and Facebook were
He's just such a magnetic speaker I had trouble clicking away
Well he clicked away in about 30 seconds
I know but I didn't mean to watch it at all and he was just that captivating
Anyway let's hear his thoughts on AI
Why?
Because he did a hypocrisy case and we're about to own him for it
I don't think I don't think apocrisy has any effect anymore
It never did but it's always fun
Look he said they've already delivered a mega president that spews snarf
And they woke counterculture that celebrates the assassination of health insurance executives
Big states lots of novelty and plenty of anger, retention and fear
It's a thing he said
About what?
Just society
Wait what was his point?
Look case
We've already created a mega president that spews snarf
Snarf?
Are you making this up?
Is this in the article?
I think you have to prove this
Look I'm not making this up
Look I can search it
Snarf
It stands for stakes novelty, anger, retention and fear
Oh well retaining at least
Not that kind of retaining I think
He's spewing the snarf case
Get on board with stopping the snarf
Thank you Paul
What's worth saying again
Also thunder cats
HOOOOO
Thank you Melny Von Torture that helps
We will try to retain against the forces of snarf
A.K.A. Stakes novelty, anger, retention and fear
I don't think he's gonna be able to make snarf happen
Not to get all cluelessly at him but I don't
I just don't see that one working
Well what if I told you he said more exciting things like
After all those grandiose claims
Pretty announced the launch of a new social media platform
Built specifically to spread joy
And enable playful creative expression
And guess what it's called case
Buzz
Snarf?
Nope
BF Island
Are you making that up?
Are you making things up Liliana?
No look it's right here
BF Island
The article even says no kidding
They're serious
Okay
Glad John's having a productive fiscal quarter
He's drawing as hard as
If all this rings very hollow well
That's what you're saying apparently
After surrendering Buzzfeed to AI
Peretti is complaining that Facebook and Tiktok use
AI to trap users and his solution is to build
Yet another AI for its social media network
Oh he's upset about the AI but
BF Island will also feature AI
But the good type
Which is a type they're working on I've heard
And that's without getting how Buzzfeed
Has been using AI to fill the internet with
Incipid Slop for years
And they did hyperlink to what they're claiming
Is Incipid Slop
But does this look like Incipid Slop to you?
Buzzfeed announces plans to use open AI to turn out content
Well show me one of these articles
If it's truly so incipid and sloppy
Generate your own not-safe-for-work swear word
Based on your personality
Well case
Do you want to do this little yonder? I think I should
I think we have to prove how incipid this sloppy is
Liliona
How would you describe your personality?
Snarky
Not sure if that's the first word I'd use for you
But it's me filling it out case
What emotion do you swear
Would you want your swear word to convey?
Spine chilling fear
I mean to me that's not the feeling that I get
From your spine chilling fear
And based on what's going on down there
It's not the feeling a lot of the guys I work with get
Okay let's just speed this up Liliana
Okay what pet peeves drives you nuts
When the octogenarian
I misspelled it billionaire
You're torturing
Doesn't finish their peas
Octogenarian's hard to spell
Well English isn't your first thing
It's one of the first ones
What function would you want other swear word to serve as
Well in insult obviously
What type of word do you want this to be?
Simple but powerful please
And lastly how often should people use your swear word
Extreme situations
But everyday for me
Well let's see how sloppy it is
What if it just chooses the n word
Well then it
That definitely counts as AI slap
But I don't think it will
Okay I'm just saying
I'll cut away in case it chooses the n word
Nancy Reagan okay I know which one you meant
I did mean the other one
I hope it doesn't choose that
Alright you ready for this reveal my swear word
Peagle
Simple but powerful you peagle
Hmm
I think they might have proved their point
Peagle
I'll take it Steven Peagle
See look how much fun we're having
It's all courtesy of this so called slap
So maybe he's onto something
That his AI is good and generates peagle
And Facebook's is bad and forces you to stay on their website
Thank you John well I never knew
That we could have such beautiful things
These beautiful things that I've got
Don't
This post was enhanced with AI creative tools
Read the note appended to countless posts published on the site
In other words Buzzfeed itself has quickly become
The epitome of manipulative media landscape
The manipulative media landscape that Peretti is claiming to
Could decry instead of acknowledging his own role
In giving up human agency and devaluing labour
Buzzfeed has lost huge swallows of its work force
Over several rounds of layoffs
And wiped out most of the company's stock value
But he also saved a lot of money
For himself I hope
Because I don't know if AR pale
AR boyfriend what was it
BF Island
AR BF Island
I don't know if that's gonna be the next big thing but
That's what they said about Buzzfeed
And eventually they were right
Let's put it a breaking news item in the back feed thread
Fantastic let's see what it is
It's popping off it's breaking
We can't ever go back to Ohio
Breaking Ohio lawmakers have proposed a new law that
Bands men from ejaculating without intent of conception
It would fine men up to ten thousand dollars per ejaculation
Well I have a similar rule at my house
And my penthouse and the penthouse is that I visit
Ten thousand dollars without the intent to conceive
Why are you wasting it?
Were you just wasting that?
The seminal rule is that real?
Ummmm
Hmm
Is this one of those what kind I need an actual I just need a full news story on this now
I'm sorry Liliana we have to switch
Thank you Paul
Paul when he doesn't want I don't want him to
Just like when I'm hanging out with Bernard and I'm like
Did you mean to do that? Were you trying to conceive Bernard?
Or did you just waste your little mess like the nasty boy you are
Now take off that car de-a
And get into the sensory deprivation tank
Okay well you know that sounds fun for you Liliana
Ohio
Ummmm
Lawmaker
Ejaculation ban
You just need a little more context
Ooh coming in straight from the independent
Alright Liliana
Is this legit?
Call out the hypocrisy
Particularly the state legislature
When they bring forward bills
The whole entire point of this bill is to call out the hypocrisy
Particularly the state legislature
When they bring forward bills to regulate women's bodies
Men have the same rights no matter where they go in the country
Women have rights based on where they live
They're not a waste of money by some people
But we have had far bigger
Uh, use of
Misuse of taxpayer money in bills that have been
So they were doing it to prove an ironic point
Okay
I mean you know I can get behind the concepts
I don't know if it's an effective strategy but
Ummm
They got me to click on it
And I'm sure
I'm sure any um
Pro-lifers out there will really be swayed
By this particular stunt
Well yeah sometimes all you need is attention
Although I do have to say
Again based on my experience
Like you know you're hanging out with Larry Allison and you say
Every time you're not you're gonna have to pay 20 grand
They do like that
That just gets them going
I mean I've had Allison fill up a bucket
Jesus okay
Allegedly
Who's a legend?
I'm a legend lady
I mean he filled that bucket up
You can't just say things about real people
Who's gonna stop me
Prove that I'm a real person
Well I can't do that
Exactly
Alright well
Good for Larry
He was busting out dust by the end of it
But he was still trying
I think that's enough of that anecdote
I could tell you more
Please don't um
Can we go back to talking about her
About her pal
Yeah about uh John here
He also said it's hilarious to me
That so many people still blame the media
When the behaviors of the media are
Largely shaped by much larger tech
Platforms who distribute most of the world's content
Despite being mostly disinterested in the content
Itself nevertheless
They love to blame the media
And take zero responsibility for the media ecosystem
That they were instrumental in creating
Almost by accident as a byproduct of the
AI wars
You told them
Mr Buzzfeed
And it's clear whose side you're on
Sorry I'm choking on something
It must be Jonah's powerful words
Oh yeah Jonah not John
Yeah I like this like calling them John
It's another alpha move
Sort of tell say
Give people the wrong name
Yeah I think when you
You know
Shovel the remnants of Buzzfeed
Into an AI grave
It's hard to take any of your advice
Or prognostications particularly seriously
But hey I wouldn't argue with them that
We don't blame tech oligarch overlords
For enough of the world's problems
Instead we mostly just let them control the world
And what are you gonna do about it big boy
Unfortunately probably keep streaming on twitch
And they I haven't
I can't wait till my boss
I can't wait till my boss on BF Island
He hears about this
And they can very soon
You can generate your own swear words on BF Island
So we have a whole new lexicon
Of safe for work not safe for work words
To sling at each other
Are you little pigle
Is it pigle or pigal
Pigle
And I've been working my pigles
Can crunch those things like
A cherry seed
Can crunch a cherry seed in that thing
Okay
Okay indeed and I hope you're feeling okay
Because that's all the time we've got
I'll see you very soon
I'm not a little brother smart
Get guy, it's science time
Listen Jeff, it's science time
Boom! That's why I'm in charge of this fucking place
Because you guys had to see me twice
Jet's so nice he's summing his ass twice
Good to see everybody again
And good to see you for the first time
In the sense that
You know I see everything sort of
But it's my first time telling you that today
Whoa Chittai that's fucking cool
But you just said that was a rule in fact
I think? Uh yeah you think so
Hell yeah okay
Look there's all sorts of skydives
So probably we're gonna have to check in with Uncle Phil's
Um
Uncle Phil's
A powerful cyborg back
Shit, he's got a cyborg back
And it's fucking kinda cool
Let's see, I should start with that
I mean I am curious how he does it
I wanna see it charge
And we're gonna watch the whole thing in 7 minutes
Uncle Phil thanks for sending this
Hopefully he didn't say any new offensive words like Peegle
I don't wanna just go ahead and trust Uncle Phil
Look just warn us if you said Peegle
Um because I think we can't get in trouble
For that because it means a number of things
Based on that um list that Liliana filled out
Anyway let's see what Uncle Phil has for us
Hi folks, Uncle Phil 2K here
You might know me from the
Ben Shad or Twitter
Or on the discord occasionally
That's true
I'm here today to show you as requested
How I recharge my implanted
Spinal stimulator unit
Excuse my haggard appearance
It's early here and uh
Looking strong
All gussied up, it's kind of a lateral shift anyways
You know doesn't make much of a difference
You know some people were gifted some were not
Anyways
Why do I have an implant
Um I have
A great deal of nerve damage
Originally it was just the right side of my chest
But
My immune system is really stupid
It can't tell the difference
Between nerve damage
And an infection
So what happens is that the
Immune system keeps attacking the nerve damage
Over and over
And over and over again trying to
Break it down and get rid of it
But
It doesn't realize that it's
Just there for keeps
And uh
The more it does it
The more it slowly starts to spread
Throughout the rest of my body
It had made it to my neck, my head, my shoulders
Before I got COVID
And then
All bets were off
My immune system was completely compromised
What would have taken 15 years of spread
Uh
Took about a few months
So I now have the nerve damage
Spread through
Pretty much all my body
My limbs, my feet, my hands
You name it
It's everywhere now
Thank you COVID
Anyways
That's the explanation of my issues
And why I have it
I got it, this implant
Maybe 14 years ago now
Anyways
What it does is it sends
A vibration that
The pain signals in my spinal column
Damn
It's implanted right here
Right below the waistline
And above the right buttock
Oh shit
And from that unit comes a
Small microfiber wire
That goes up my entire spinal column
Oh my god
With a remote control
It's a four button control
Um
I'm able to uh
Change the angle
I can change how
The pulse feels
I can even change location
By punching in specific commands
So I can move it
From my side to this side
To my legs, to my arms
Back on my head, you name it
Anywhere
Anyways
This is the recharge battery
Whoa, so little
It's about
Boston's scientific
One of my colleagues, good choice
I've emphasized bigger than the actual implant
He doesn't have an X-placer on
I forget how big the actual implant is
But anyways
Just hit the button, activate it
And it starts beeping
There you go
We'll get back to the beeping in a minute
Anyways
What we do is
First we turn the stimulator off
With the remote control
So I skip that part
Then
And that really sucks because
When I turn it off all the pain that
The stimulator prevents it rushes right back
Shit, did we make you experience heavy
Amounts of pain just to make this video
Because that wasn't my intention just for the record
Just to absolve myself of my sins
But thank you for sharing this
Nonetheless
When I'm doing it for a few hours
It really sucks
This is a charging belt right here, see
We take the stimulator battery
Which also comes with a cradle
That you can charge it in with a plug
Place it into the pouch
As so
Then, and I'm going to stand up here
So you're going to get a really really
How much ass are we about to see
Let's not run a poll on that actually
But we're going to roll the dice on it
Uncle Phil, I'm ready
Interesting view
It's not going to be big on dignity
But it's necessary
So, let me stand up
Just real quick
In terms of service, we're going to do
A little scroll forward to check
Okay, there's no
He's not hanging full dong
Am I disappointed
I would never be disappointed
You Uncle Phil, too, okay? I think it's good to not be disappointed in that
There is no nudity, I've confirmed as well
You could have just asked
By scrolling
Bassin the belt around me
Got two Velcro attachments on the side
We'll pull the shirt out
We got a little bit of scabie
Then what we do is
We rotate the belt around
Here I activate it
And then I place it
Over where the implant is
As so
What the?
The beeping is a homing thing
It stops beeping when I get right over it
It's like an iPhone
But that's about your whole spine
Just got to find it, there we go
Make sure that you pull your
Hands over it
As you really need
To have the battery
Right up against your flesh
Okay
Excuse me
I'm just getting a shirt
Or a pair of pants in the way
Really really slows the signal down
Takes a lot longer
Basically that's about it
You just put the stimulator over your implant
It charges right through the skin
Damn
Which in no way I'm sure will ever give me cancer
Well probably not
Well
It hasn't given anybody cancer
But it's a little concern in the back of my head
That's it
Alright that's all
Thank you Uncle Phil
Any questions leave them in the discord
Okay
Glad I could share it with you
I hope you got your questions answered
It's basically the surgery to implant
It is very very quick
It takes an afternoon
It's an outpatient procedure
Put it right in
Lace the wire up your spine
Healing of it
Kind of shoot but it's your spine
Usually these units are good between 5 and 7 years
I've already had 2
Replacements once
Because I fell and snapped
There was this break in the wire in my spine
Jesus
And the second time is because the unit was old
And it was not charging as well as it should
And it could be much out of it
But also bad
Probably do for a replacement
On this one in about
2 years
But I've had it a long long time
So I've figured out how to
Get as much as I can out of it
That's it
Hope this informed you
Hope you got all your skyance
In for the day
And we'll see you around
Love you Ben
Love you as well
Where's that stuff?
You'll find it
You got it
Holy shit
Godspeed
Damn dude, I'm sorry you had to go through that
Thank you for sharing it
I do feel like I have learned things
Which some people said was impossible
But I think we proved all the haters wrong
Courtesy of you sharing your very human experience with us
I do honestly appreciate it
Some people say I have a naturally insincere voice
That's not appropriate
For sincerely reaching out to people
And thanking them for the things they go through
Who's in that chat?
Just a thought people could have
I do actually mean it that I'm sorry
That you have to deal with that
And I do appreciate it that you're willing to share
That's very sweet of you
Phil is the Bionic Man Indy
He's also like one of those fucking no cord
Off-o-chargers, but his whole bag
Also it's nuts that you can just
Get your spine roboted out in an afternoon
That's the power of the Future Talk
Which we're closer to every day
I've heard that before
That every day the future gets closer and closer
Thank you, thank you Uncle Phil
Okay, well
Shit does that count as a skines?
I guess should we just talk about
Like boners are coming for a minute
Just to like ease off the hard skines?
I mean I'm sure there's no shortage
Of boner and coming stories in the thread
If you watch it
It's always an option
It is a rip-ord that I can pull at any time
Indy
Alright fine
Fine I will then I guess
What the fuck
Well I will if these fucking ad blockers will let me
How come all of the best skines out there
Is always covered up by ad blockers
It's crazy
What the fuck
So we're just going to go in blind
And assume that it's about dicks
It's never failed me before
So let's give it a shot
What the fuck's this guy still doing here
Ahhhh
Okay
Well if we're talking about penises
I guess I could just leave this guy up
Oh you fucking got his ass jet
I just fucking wrecked his whole ass so hard
So hard he's been ruined by me
Um what's this
Okay
Jesus look at this type of
Back in the day the news came to you on paper
But now it comes to you looking like this
Scientists reveal what the penis of the future will look like
As they predict men to have some big changes in store
Wait is this
Didn't we already learn that dicks are somehow getting bigger
Even though people suspected that mine was the theoretical limit
There was a story similar to that
This might be a slightly different penis story chat
Oh damn well there's one again
Let me just google future penis real quick
And see what that brings up
See what that brings up as an image
Um
I can show some of these
I can show some of these future penis
Oh and I can't show that one
I can't show that one either
Oh I also can't show this one
Nope can't show that one
I also for some reason several celebrities face shots came up
But I can't show any of them because
There might secretly be a penis
We'll just show this um I'm assuming
Sky scientific drawing of the future penis as we read this story
There it is the penis of the future
Is it chrome? Well you tell me
That's an artist mock-up of what they think the future penis could look like
Holy shit these news sites have gotten un
Literally unreadable
I functionally can't actually read this story
It is just loading it's like the porn site of news sites
This is nuts
Way to go daily Molly you fucking done it
You're almost convincing me to give up on reading a story about dicks
I can't let them break me chat
I have to be able to scroll past these ads
Is there any limit to them though?
Okay whatever we're just going to read it over here where it did load
And it's about loads we're back on top
Okay yep you're doing it
I'm fucking he's excited
It's often seen as a Ted Boo subject but Sky and Tiss are finally lifting the lid on the male penis
And how it could look in the future
For blokes worried about size, Richard's recently revealed the male penis is getting longer
And we've covered extensively on this here
God it's so fun to read these because everything sounds like a dick
A dick joke if you just open your mind to it
In fact based on current rates of growth the average penis could push past 8.5 inches before the end of the century
What the fuck?
Fellas take it easy if we're all special than no one special
Like we got to just leave a little room okay
Not that obviously I'm still batting above that those are rookie numbers
But that's getting a little higher than it needs to
I'm just saying
This may not be the only change
Already a whole global community of sci-fi inspired biohackers are making tweaks to the body
An expert predicts the biohack penis of the future
Dub Penis 2.0 will have some sizable changes in store
From dildo style vibrations to enhanced sensitivity and even better sperm
Here's how it might look
Well it looks like fucking grey sweatpants so the joke's on us
Fuck I thought it was going to look cool
That's just a stock photo
Are you saying I'm wrong?
Nevermind that's the penis of the future
Perfect okay well it sucks
Oh wait nevermind this is better
Already a whole global community of sci-fi inspired biohackers are making tweaks to the penis as seen here
It's got some a beat spot drain on the side
It has like a vagina in it
And it's got a brain
And that's the future penis
There you have it
Um
Do you want to rethink any of that?
Nope I think everything I said made sense
According to Simon Underdown, professor of biological anthropology at Oxford Brooks University
Any substantial changes to penis size and shape in the next few thousand years will likely be due to self-made alterations
Already in the 21st century a whole... they're just repeating shit
Here's the future sperm
What the fuck is this?
Professor of paleoclibatology
Says the human penis
Is extremely dull
Relatively speaking
This image shows more complex primate penises
Dude who wants... I don't care how complicated your penis is if it looks like a bat wing
This one has fucking thorns
This one is a sock
An elephant trunk
Okay that's kind of sick
And then these are just ugly penises
This one is close to a human penis
This doesn't seem like an improvement to me
I feel more like um... Piggles to me
You know that's the new word of the day
I thought you said you shouldn't say it
Oh fuck I forgot and I immediately said the worst word I could think
According to 2023 a Stanford University study of men's penis on average have grown at an alarming rate
Referring to data, the researchers found the average erect penis jumped 25% from 4.8 to 6 inches
Sorry fellas, when they say you look average now a lot of you are going to say well that's scientifically accurate
Environmental factors, well we already know all this
How also 1992 4.8
Maybe it's just because they were measuring people in 1992 when they were like 10
And then they grew up and it became 6
Just solved for it
I think they were measuring adults shit
The other one sounds a bit like abuse
Oh
Oh
I see
Chris Kovavvarovac
The researcher at Durham University's Department of Management Policy said larger penises could impede reproduction
And this person's coming just the right way
You've come just in time to learn what the penis of the future looks like
I've been rated before at an opportune times
But this time you came at the perfect time
To learn what the penis of the future looks like
That's true we're getting into it
They suspect the penis of the future is bigger and surprisingly way uglier
I don't know if your audience is ready to see a bunch of drawings and primate penises
But that is what we've been looking at
I'm check out the sky and size I do science with my eyes also known as sky and size
And today we're researching the very serious issue of what penises might look like in the future
As pictured here
Robot
But as pictured over here
Just sort of
Ugly
Those are all monkey dicks just so you know
I think it manned for showing you this because it is sky
As soon as the penis is on a monkey it counts as sky
Yeah I mean that adds up
But what if I told you it's not all having a primate penis
You also get on demand vibrations
Didn't see that coming
Dude I keep saying didn't see that coming and every time I do think it's a solid joke
You know what I mean
Um well I just think saying penis is a joke
You're gonna have to agree to disagree
That's my proprietary AI by the way Chita based on my powerful brain
But with the power of the internet
Yep that's me
You may not like it but that's what peak performance looks like
I mean monkeys are twice as strong as us so I guess they're twice as penis as us
I don't make the rules
Similar to vibrating love eggs tiny biohacking implants could potentially make the penis buzz on demand
And we just talked about Buzzfeed so that's probably somehow related
Sure
Anyway Rich Lea Salesman from Utah who describes himself as the Elon Musk of sex tech
Is one of the fearless biohackers exploring this avenue
He's the CEO of a company called CyberOrgismix
Which is like coming but with science
And he's working on a device called the LoveTron9000 already demonstrated as a prototype
Seen here making a quarter come
And also whatever this is
And I feel like I've covered it
That's where you're gonna stop
I think I pretty much covered the story
Oh there's more god damn it
Also built in contraceptives apparently you can have a bug inside you or some shit
You also can become this guy
You can have great hair or be a monkey
And to really wrap things up
Here's this lady standing in front of a flag
I'd say that about covers it
Did you just kind of lose the bandwidth to learn anymore Chad?
Yeah I sort of ran out of steam a little bit but we kind of get it
Your penis is gonna be vibrating and spraying out future sperms
And also it looks like a monkey's now
Yeah that sounds okay sure that's the future penis
What did her penis look like? I don't know
Based on this photo here
Smooth and patriotic
Which is the type of penis I like
Okay well look I guess we've talked about Dix enough for one day
Although I don't think that'll stop case from returning to the subject
But I'll return you to him anyway
Because time does not wait for more
I need to look at the cat cam
I don't want to look at the cat cam
Wait before I go
And by that I mean me but not case
As this show is 90% interest in outros
Oh she moved!
Apparently the cats were doing something pretty cool
But then they stopped
What'd you do?
I don't know
Kendall why?
She was on the couch she was really cute
Look she is side eyeing this other bed though
Sorry guys I tried to show you a unique cat moment and I failed
But that won't I won't fail at ending this segment
Does that count as an outro?
Well to say it does I mean that's one of the cleaner ones I've ever done
Okay bye bye
But I've only showed up right as we were talking about Dix
Cause that was there's like a 90% chance that's what we'll be talking about whenever I get rated I guess
Um Kendall has a question
That I have to ask
It's better coming from you
Um she wonders what her sub badges should be
She's gonna stream again soon
I got my earring dangling here
I don't know I told her that we could just use um you know there's so many
There's just so many
Windows 95 98 icons
But I was just gonna adjust those to be the sub badges potentially
But she said
I think chat will have a better idea than these really ugly windows icons
And that's fair that's fair they aren't known for their beauty
Duck, Balut
Yimmy and Timmy
The options are infinite true afraid cat badges
Scared cats
Dix probably can't do that
The K's a bunch of K's
K words
You keep getting more K's as you stop
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's by month so you at three months you're always gonna be in trouble
Time for a poll okay, that's fair. Let's let's flash pull it
Uh what should Kendall's sub badges be
Exclamation point O is how you let Kendall know the democratically elected sub badge result
That's how you fill it in you gotta give her an options here
Uh exclamation point O, Yimmy, Pogo Sticks, pictures of her coworkers
Pictures of her coworkers
Uh the cats okay Disney characters
Vote now
Uh didn't quite make it unfortunately but thank you Sporiflight attitude problem
Just conceptualize it all around attitude problem I like that
Uh exclamation point one through five is how you vote in this now that we have the options in
We need to get several more cats if we want a variety of different cat sub badges
Or I guess we don't have to own every cat that's probably the more reasonable approach to that one
Also you're hanging out in the dark Kendall
I can't change it actually it'll change the lighting in here
Floyd 15, 15 is a good vote
It's the secret option 15
Looks like our winner is attitude problem
Oh you can get progressively angry or Kendall faces
I kind of like that because the current Kendall emote is probably the best emote let's be real
I honestly don't use it enough
Boom especially now that it's Valentine's Day look at that thing
Look it could just be this but it gets the expression gets progressively crazier
Plus we've got the real Kendall heads that have the proprietary Kendall in emotes
As they've been subbed to you for a year just waiting for you to stream
Just said yeah we can just give her thicker and thicker eyebrows that just keep pointing in an angrier direction
I like it personally I kind of think you should just use this face
I think the square Kendall face is one of the greatest achievements
Or it could be Kendall or you know I'm just saying
I just don't know if I wanted to do my face
Okay she doesn't want it to be your face
Well we'll figure something out
She morphs into a worm
Worm motes, worm badges
And then you have to prove that you love Kendall by continuing to sub to her even as her emote morphs into a worm
Oh my god yeah it starts off as a worm in the ground
And it travels its way out of the ground
And then it does a weird thing
You do have to show all this in like a tiny image that translates to being seen as a little square on Twitch
Yeah
Okay a worm journey
And then my face, no I don't want to do that, I don't want my face on it
Just have it be your face
Mine is still lettuce and I really need to update mine
That's actually one of the things I said I would do that I have to do
A lot of things I've said I do that I have to do
To do what?
I don't know I just have to add more
Because I think I only did mine up to a year
And now I've been streaming for 3 million years
3?
It's pretty soon 3
I forgot you could do that to emotes
Oh yeah you can like use channel points to bigify them
Okay well I mean Kendall they gave you a democratic option here
And it's your attitude problem as an emote
Look at attitude Kendall here
How about Kendall Coyne
Kendall Coyne?
Hmm well maybe we can sort it out over therapy
I have to go to therapy
You want to do therapy?
Kendall doesn't want to do therapy
I don't like your therapy sessions
You don't like my therapy sessions?
No
Well Paul
Maybe because you're not paying your therapist enough
That's true I don't really pay him a lot
I have to send Paul to therapy
Paul is from earlier
And I do think he could use it
Goodbye
I'm sorry I wrote a cat cam before you did it
No that's okay
I gotta find Paul really quick
Can I get a hold of Paul on short notice?
Yeah this is Paul
Wait that's in bed taste that Paul might have passed
Okay we'll just count this is Paul
We're sending Paul to therapy
I've always suspected that the therapist that I pay for
For the whole office you know it's part of my healthcare plan
Might just be reading chat so feel free to throw it
Every one in chat just to test that theory
But you know everyone here swears by the effectiveness
Of this therapy so let's send Paul
Who's been spending all day getting kicked
To therapy and we'll see how he does
Thank you Paul
What what's happening?
What?
Paul is a techno boy now
What was what?
What's with that thumping beat?
Haha
Um mm-hmm
Who the hell was that?
Where am I? I was in a
I am busy I need to go
I have an important job I'm doing
Are you coming to rave later?
To the rave?
I don't- is there a rave?
Hi Paul
Hi
I miss DJ music
Okay
DJ Paul?
No I don't DJ I mostly work in
Combat
Safety training
Paul loves guns
Rally the storm
Um
Look I'm I'm mostly
Here's the thing I mostly spend my days getting kicked
I used to look a little different I've aged
Kind of backwards
Um and I recently dyed my hair but
I am the Paul from earlier some people also tell me
I look like a different Paul but
Mostly if anybody needs anyone to
Needs an actor or an assistant in any
Workout training self-defense videos
I'm very available I haven't gotten
Tons of work lately
Rally the storm you already said that
Chin strapping
This is the most beard I can grow
Heagle
Excuse me?
You've been very rude to me I thought this was therapy
How long is your robo penis?
Who says that?
Just because it's partially robotic
Doesn't mean it's not mine
I don't call it a robo penis I call it my penis
And sure the vibrator is broken but
The robotic sperm still squirt out just fine
Are you feeling emasculated by the future dogs?
I do wonder if I adopted too early I do have one
But it's sort of a wind up one
Because I got it really early on and
I do sometimes wonder if I got it too early
Are you related to Paul Heyman?
No
How old is Paul?
He looks young for combat
Oh you're referring to me?
Is it third person when you do it?
Well I'm like 58
Just you know, lighting up the timelines
Maybe 6, like 70
Do you have Tiger Man cam?
Do you have a Tiger Man cam?
It's like a cat cam but for Tiger Man?
I mean he keeps cameras everywhere
He records himself always
He's always trying to improve
Even though he's passed
Sometimes I feel his presence behind me
He always told me the flesh is weak
The flesh may pass but the Tiger Spirit
Will always live on
And I don't know if he was lying
Thank you
Are all Pauls the same?
Or less
Bring back Don Riggles
Who?
Paul is the storm
We rally the Paul
We give thanks to Paul
Thank you
Say toy boat 5 times fast
Toy boat toy boat toy boat toy boat toy boat toy boat toy boat
Are you trying to get me to say peagle?
Robiness
Well mine is actually called a wind up penile implant
It's supposed to increase its rigidity and length
And it has little canisters you can slot in it
To squirt out Robo sperm
I was an early adopter
Goblin piece of hut ate my mother
Oh the Nazi?
Who is your tribal chief?
Um I don't know if it's cool for me to say I have one
Cause I'm from Milwaukee
Hamtaro
Oh is he here?
Why not?
Toy boat toy boat toy boat toy boat toy boat toy boat toy boat
Is that like you're trying to get me to say toilet?
Can a Robo penis interface with a spinal cord stimulator implant?
Um I mean I definitely think like
You could probably feel an electrical charge between the two if you connected them
And I don't know if it would feel good or bad
A Robo penis did give me more rigidity and length
And robotic sperm but
It also sapped a lot of the pleasure from love making cause
You know there's no nerves in the Robo part
And my penis is a good 80% robot now
Wind up
I thought they were on pumps now
Yeah right yeah you got my ass you just roasted my ass
Yeah great
I've been shredded by your cruel words
Who is the stronger cat man?
Leon Kennedy or Tiger Man?
Tiger Man is the strongest man I've ever met
It took me 10 years to recover from one video
10 years
10 years and it was hard to get disability payments
Because he said
You can't say disability without ability and dis
And then he'd dis my disability
It didn't make a lot of sense but the words still hurt
No yeet
Yeet? No yeet
Yeet
No yeet
Snarf
What?
Cats made of cradle and soup with a spoon
Caterpillars squirt violently
BF Island
Um you know I've been in a lot of therapy
From the things I endured with Tiger Man
And I gotta say
This is unlike any I've had before
And I wasn't on board at first but
I do feel like you're teaching me something
If I can just figure out what it is
Does it screw off? Does it?
Did I? Did I screw out of my own life?
Activated? Activated?
I am feeling activated
Crempton is a shithole? I don't know where that is
Is it in me? Am I a cram-ton?
Thank me Paul, thank you
Cat snarf
Do I need to get a cat? Do I need to start being snarkier?
Snarfier? Do I need to snarf a cat?
Did Tiger Man knock off your mustache?
Yes, yes he did, I've been repressing that
Is Hamtaro going to challenge Roman Reims at Hamtaro Mania?
He'd have to, he'd be a fool not to
Because the belt is his
Just like the belt's been mine all along
Kendall Emotes, thank you
Thank you, you're right
Kendall Emotes, thank you
Thank you, I needed this
Kendall Emotes
Yeah, I don't track that last one but yeah
Yeah man, thank you
You know, I'm 70 years old
And you're never too old to really break through
Good night
Is light on or off? You can turn it off actually
I'm gonna nap in here tonight
I don't have a traditional home so I will be staying on this couch
Paul saw badges for Kendall
Okay, you look good for 70
You know, ages are a little flexible on this stream but
How old are you, Papino?
I won't tell you that
I just try to sneak that question in every once in a while to see if we can nail it down
But so far we haven't
Okay well um, let's just do a debate and get out of here for the day
That seems like a fair enough thing to end on
I don't know what we're debating
I do feel like, you know, why not
The best reason to do anything
Why not? It's time for Munch and Cron
Ha ha ha ha
Papito is an ancient one? It's possible
I think that's a distinct possibility that Papito is in fact an ancient one
Just like me, immortal, powerful, necessary
Three words that have only been used to describe you by you
Well, you know, move out of the big house into the by you, you know what I mean?
No? I assume Papito is like three or four, that does also sound right
I think he's somewhere between like three or four and seven thousand
Kind of like me, you've said you were like 15,000 years old
No, I mean conceptually, he's young or extremely old
Kind of both, or you're just middle-aged and rotting
Debate, Paul or Randy? Which one is our new God?
Interesting question, Leon Kennedy vs. Tiger Man
Oh, come on, Leon Kennedy is a servant of this great nation
And, you know, an absolute tribute to what it means to sacrifice for this country
Yeah, but it's Tiger Man though
It's Tiger Man, let's be real, like Leon's cool but
Tiger Man
Okay, I guess we've hit it today
You're gonna say I'm begging again, try to get $5,000 out of me
Just so you know I get $5,000 to crumb every time I lose
Just to remind, chat, you're trying to remind me
Because I don't need reminding, I really need the money
I owe, currently about $175,000 to a gorilla, the interest just keeps going up
So I'd love to stay on top of these payments so I'm actually making any progress
Last time you gave me $10,000 and it's already reached that to $180,000 that I owe this
G.D. Gorilla, you really want to talk about the gorilla like that?
The other one that doesn't mind making that poll is Tiger Man vs. Leon Kennedy
Who is just the better man, I guess
I mean one man's a tiger but he's also a man
One man is a tiger spirit but he's just a man if you don't want to mean
Again, I don't
I do wish you would just, could I just, again I will pay you back
And I know, it's a big ask but I know that you have the money
So it doesn't mean that much to you, it would mean everything to me
You could just give me $175,000
Listen to all that preamble, just to then say, just to try to strong on me
Into giving this man $175,000
But you told me the money means nothing to you
And exactly, that's why I'm not going to just give it to you
Because you don't mean anything to me
But your pain, your pain means everything to me, Crump
It's a valuable thing you're paying and I'm not just going to use it all up at once
Uh, exactly, on your own
You know, you made your bed with a giant gorilla in it
That somehow understands the concept of money
And now you have to sleep in it as long as he lets you before he eats you for not paying you
Paying him
Make the po- Make- You make the po-
I'm not making up for it, you're going to demand money and tell me to make the po-
Yeah, I always make it, why don't you make it?
Okay, okay, because you asked so nicely
Uh, I'll go ahead and make the po- How about that?
I'll make the po- today
Um, honestly mods, don't even worry about it
Um, what's uglier?
Crump's ass?
Crump's face
Also his
Is his ass
Okay
And that seems good to me
I'll take the side of Crump's face, which is also his ass
We were debating Leon Kennedy vs. the Tiger Man
Yeah, well I took the side of Crump's face, also his ass
See, the tricky thing here is your face is also your ass
They're indistinguishable because both do nothing but run shit out of their little holes
You know, the little hole in the center of your mouth is your asshole sort of
You also have an asshole
I'm not debating, well then I guess you're not getting $5,000
Fine, my ass is uglier, my ass is uglier
I don't claim to be the most attractive man, but believe me
My ass is worse, okay, now we're getting somewhere
My ass is dirtier for sure, it's less eloquent
It's less quick on its feet, even though it's closer to my feet
Believe me, it creates more of a stink even in my worst days of helitosis
It's not matching my butt
And I know the stench doesn't necessarily relate to the smell
But we're sensory creatures, a bad smell can make something look worse
So even though I do have a pretty shiny ass, sort of unreasonably shiny
Like a drawing of a nude baby, my ass has a real sparkle to it
But I would, come on, chat, you haven't seen my butt
It's a bad one, it's not good, it's shiny, but it's not well shaped
So, and my face is, look I'm not claiming I have the prettiest face
But, oh wait, I'm trying to lose
What? Oh wait, no, you took the face?
Yes, I got confused
Yeah, they're both bad, whatever
God damn it
Well you still don't win, your face fucking sucks is my point
Yeah, you're gonna pay me though
You're taking all the fucking fun out of it
You're taking all the fun out of it
It's not fun for me, I won't grow so much money
God damn it, we're so far down, this is gonna take forever
$5,000 is too slow, if you're gonna keep ruining the fun of this
Well then pay me right now, no I refuse to pay you right now
With your ugly fucking face, that's also your ass
What?
Okay, look, yeah, fine, my face is ugly
My face is fucking ugly, don't give me money, please, I need that money
I win, the point is that I fucking win
Yes, there we go, I'm hitting the button right away
You fucking, with your ugly ass face
You made your point, I mean I don't know what it was
But just pay me, the money on our deposits
Okay, I'm just gonna go ahead and for tracking purposes
We're gonna automate this later, but I'm just gonna add a little text on screen
So that I know, and that you confirm that the money's on the way
Um, crumb debt
Okay, currently I should only be at $170,000 in crumb debt
Okay, now we're tracking it, I need a little typo there
I wish it was 17 and a bunch of zeros
But not in the order that they are in
That would be pleasant
Okay, the crumb debt is currently $170,000
God, it makes me laugh because it's just so scary
It's so scary how much I owe this gorilla
There it is
It's going down
Having a listen to this fucking butt
Just complaining about money
You're the reason that this stream is going bankrupt
Does it have to be paid in bananas?
I wish
Cash!
Somehow this monkey understands cash payments
And does not have a bank, he's just keeping it under his goddamn electric piano
Really?
He's keeping that much cash on that unlock set?
Do you make some kind of agreement with him that he loses the money?
You don't have to then pay him back, he's a gorilla!
And money!
Why'd you make a deal? Why'd you bet a gorilla?
Because he was good speed!
Because it was...
You know, if I bet the $10,000 that I... the $15,000
If I bet him that
I'm just saying I could turn that $15,000 into $30,000,000
Pretty easy, even if I lose some
If I bet it in $5,000 increments
If I just have to get lucky on two occasions
I could easily have a night where I turn that into $300,000
Now I've made a profit
Stop gambling!
You know what, keep gambling!
Why am I telling you not to?
No, no, that sounds like a great idea
Trade him a banana pie for the debt
Double or nothing, I... yeah, I'd just have to double or nothing it
Okay?
Okay
Jesus
You're gonna get killed by a gorilla
I mean, I'm not worried about it, but
Just so you know
We're gonna have to bring Scrum back or something
Add an S to this graphic
Because of your bad money habits
I just mean, maybe if I have a lucky weekend
Then we can return the show to normal
I'm not giving you... this is all some bid
To make me give you the money up front
It's not happening
Okay, well, let's find somebody to raise
I'm gonna give you a little bit of money
Okay, well, let's find somebody to raid
Well, we play a casino trap beat
That's fun
That's fun
How is this a casino trap beat?
No, this sucks
Oh, maybe that's for an actual song
Hmm...
Why am I even looking for this?
Yeah, there you go
Okay
Just play a little casino music
To inspire myself in case I try to get lucky this weekend
Are you really gonna go bet
The limited money you have?
I don't know
I'm in a lot of debt
I don't see a way out
What do I have to lose?
More money!
Let's see who's on a raid
People pay for raids, right? That was the G4 thing
They're not paying for your raids, Scrum
Okay, well, let's raid Cycord
Cycord, I'm just saying
If you want to give me maybe like $150,000 for this raid
I'm not asking for that
I'm just saying if you happen to be upset about that
Probably Cycords
Nah, I guess
Turn it up
Turn it up
Let me thank these viewers
Every thank you
Could be accompanied by
A couple thousand dollars
Quit trying to fucking get money out of everybody
You freak
This is crazy
You're making me be the voice of reason
This is not acceptable
Okay
Drop again a V2
Thank you for coming through the street
It's been very cool
And I would also thank you for a thousand from you
A thousand dollars
Wouldn't that be cool? Stop begging
Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo
Dropping $10,000 when they come through
No, they're not
Spora Fight, alright
Fight, drop $10,000 tonight
Stop, no one is giving you that much money
Skimer
Burr
It's cold up, hur
What would warm me up
$10,000 fresh new doll
Hur
Obviously you never would
He's not actually
Encouraging me to do that
No, this is just a fun
This is just a fun rap
I can't believe you're begging strangers
For money because you owe a gorilla this much
You got a dollar?
No, don't even give him a dollar
I don't want to sense
I'm off right now, no bits
No subs, right? Nothing for you
Nothing
Let's drive this stream into the ground
Before we give Crumb one red cent
I'll take any color of scent
I'll take any smell
Can I buy a smell? Can you sell smells?
Because I have some
Jesus, the raid has already happened
It's fucking poorly wrapping
Your way to begging
Secret poverty stream
She's not gonna be a secret for long
I can hide this from Belulia
Eventually she's gonna watch one of these things
She will never watch this stream
You might be right there
That might be the only thing that protects me
Don't tell Belulia chat
We gotta go
I'm the one who has to go
Jesus
That's all the time we have
The raid happened long ago
We're gonna end the stream on the credits for once
They should always end with us
Because we're the ones with the credits
But that's not always what happens anyway
I fucking won
You're missing the headline here, I won
We got dates to get to, bye bye everybody