I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
He knows happy crew.
Not Case's brother said he did you guys see the Odyssey.
It was a great film, must say it's not historically accurate.
But I was on that boat and was only 49 years old at the time.
And I'm here to tell you that was that straight truth.
No one's a big kid.
Is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is.
Ten, six, five, four, three, two, a pepito!
Hello everybody! We're back. We're back. We're more ankle than ever.
I had to take yesterday off because I exploded my ankle.
But now it's back and it's bigger than ever. I got a hot extra ankle, extra swollen stiff ankle
making me a more powerful streamer than ever because I can't move very well.
So why not just sit here?
The old is getting me. I know I was up for a jog.
Classic story of becoming an old man. I stepped in a pothole and twisted my ankle. I twisted it pretty bad.
What did Kendall do to me? She helped.
She helped. I'm wearing shorts right now. Spoilers. So I could show you guys.
But I don't really know if it's going to look that swollen on camera.
I would accept that casting. I don't love what the character has to go through,
but I do love a good Chinese film. How does someone fall while jogging?
Like shit. Too sexy. Looking at the ladies. Too fat pornography.
Actually, part of the reason I fell is a guy pulled up next to me on like a
rented scooter, like one of the powered scooters. And he had like a really long
mullet. Far from me to judge right now. And I like was kind of just sort of side eyeing him
because he was sort of just cruising along at the same speed as me. And then I stepped in a pothole
and twisted my ankle. So it was some sort of messenger from the ether come to make sure that
I feel my age. Yeah, I was molotized. It's like that old thing of the guy drinking cranberry
juice and skateboarding, but for evil. Anyway, let's see if you can tell how huge my ankle
is. You guys ready for some hot ankle action? Look at it's swollen as fuck. I don't know if you
can really see though. This is an extra big ankle. It doesn't hurt at all though.
Yeah, this is the normal ankle. This is normal ankle. This swollen ankle. You can
see the difference probably. Wrap that shit up. I don't think it's broken because I can
put weight on it without it hurting. So I think it's just probably like a tear or something. I don't
know. I can't walk entirely normally though. Victorian era men. A truly scandalous start to
the stream. Get an ace brace. I did order a cane. I got a $20 cane off Amazon. No x-ray.
Here's the thing. I don't entirely have what some would call health insurance right now.
I was on Kendall's health insurance. It was cheaper to go through her. I used to just have my own,
like you know, as the independent corporation that we are. Anyway, I was on Kendall's but
she quit her job and then I may have forgotten to sign up during the grace period where you
can get new insurance. So now I have to wait till November. The annoying thing is I can afford
insurance shockingly. I usually have it. I've had it for years. Probably when I started working
with G4 is the last time I've been. I was uninsured a little bit before then and then I started
working for G4 ever since then. I just either had company insurance or my own. But they snuck
up on me with the lack of like time to sign up for any plan. Fatter ankle equals stronger
leg. Maybe I'll get a stronger stiffer ankle. I had been working a lot on stretching my
ankles and my legs out lately so that I have less of an insane walk. I liberate my pelvic
chain or whatever. Whatever that stuff is that we did, I had to focus on my asshole. I've been
doing a lot of that. But I think some of that progress is probably going to be undone by my
extremely girthy ankle. Yeah, I haven't really been injured for real in quite a while. The thing
is I am ultimately my father's son. He was a doctor who never wanted to go to the hospital
or any other doctor. Even when he had skin cancer he was like he could barely make himself go.
So the blood coursing through me repels me from the idea of seeing a doctor as it is.
And I do kind of feel like if I went to see one they would probably just
tell me to like keep my weight off it or something. Though they might give me a cast
maybe. Rice, rest, ice, compression, elevate. I do have a little stool hiding under this desk here.
You'll never see it but that I can stick my leg on so that I'm not it's not quite as low.
But I should probably have it higher. I should probably be streaming with my leg up in the
air the whole time. Like a raised pinkie while sipping tea. Uh, dyclophonic gel. I'm gonna
total CFH. I trust you. I trust all of the chat actually but I am gonna google that right now.
I mean I guess I also I do still have like a family doctor that I could call and be like what
should I do? It's a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, NSAID, used to treat mild to moderate
pain, joint stiffness and inflammation. Can I just buy it? Can I just illegally buy this prescription
drug? Is it not a prescription drug? Oh I can just buy it. A cream version of Tylenol. I can get
it at CVS, okay so. Over the counter. The OTC? The one true counter? Not a doctor? You already said
you are and I already told you I trust you. So to me you're now the doctor of this stream.
That's how it works. We get to set our own reality here. Congratulations on becoming a doctor.
Sodium topical gel. I'm just gonna get some right now. I love to get stuff delivered. It
feels like such an efficient use of fossil fuels. I'm too injured to leave the house so
I gotta get it delivered. Live on stream. You down with OTC? I'm only OTC right now.
I'm totally ignoring the hype train by the way. I'm injured hype train so frankly I
don't need your you know what today? You can't. Didn't even say fuck anymore? I don't know if
no that was that's what I was gonna say. Scam my ankle? With what? A barcode scanner?
A home x-ray? I guess it's not the worst idea. I mean what if there's a hairline fracture though
what is the prescription just don't walk on it I'm assuming. I guess I could get it reset?
It is extremely swollen I guess that's not good. Buy an ultrasound scanner that seems like maybe I
should. A document scanner? A bin doctor? I don't know if that's the right move either.
Maybe because it's so swollen I shouldn't just totally ignore it. Blood is still flowing.
I can't over it. It really doesn't hurt. It is super swollen and I'm walking on it
carefully because it's slightly uncomfortable when I do a full foot movement. Get an x-ray that
bruise is nasty. It is pretty nasty. I think there's a chance there's some kind of more you
know more serious than a uh than a twisted ankle. Brace my ankle at least. I guess I could get an
ankle brace. You'd get a boot for a hairline fracture but if you're able to bear weight
on it for more than 30 seconds then don't worry about it. I have been doing I have I have
been staying off it I have been keeping it elevated most of the day even when I'm editing
and um and I do have a little cane coming. I can be canebound for a minute. I guess I also
have an old hiking walking stick I could use. But live in sleazy is right and my official
medical recommendation oh we didn't have time hype train we let you die that's the power of
injuries no one can blame me. I'm pushing through the portal to hell I'm forcing myself to
stay just a little bit longer to say fuck you case. Don't you care that I'm injured? And get well soon
rest up that asshole because I guess it's all inflamed from rubbing it with salt. That's not
what I was talking about. Oh you were rubbing your asshole with salt. Ah I mean suck back to
hell. Or this way. Or maybe this way. I'll be gone in a minute. Okay great. No time for
rapping about piss today. I guess not. We got to play uh what's the game today? Live in sleazy
sent it to me very generously as the true uh great mod that he is. Rex Ronin there we go.
We got to play Rex Ronin. I don't know what that is. I feel like I played a ton of video
games growing up. How did I miss some of these? How did I miss Rex Ronin? Look at this thing.
This was right up my alley. A guy flying a ship and there's a plane. He's wearing a hat.
Is that like a what kind of hat is that? What exactly is happening here? We'll find out.
Get a compression wrap. Ice it. Use some Tylenol or Antion. I've also been taking some Ibuprofen.
Is that good? Get a foot brace. Foot brace. Amazon. I'm just gonna get on one of those
Amazon insurance plans. Does anybody else ever get texts about that? Is that just me?
Okay I see. I see that these exist. It's just a bruise. It is a very, it was alarmingly big for
sure. You get a $30 foot brace. That is cheaper than going to um like a full-on doctor.
I might need to amputate. Well that would be one way to.
Some of those new prosthetic feet that they have. Maybe I'd be better off. My ankles are
already pretty bad. But no I'll stick with the foot I have. Okay well look that's the
personal news but it's a whole world of news out there. All the so much stuff that it's
I'm I bet it's fun to talk about is happening so let's get into it. It's news time.
I heard someone was injured so that you need a medical skiantist
and I follow under that purview as the stream's official skiantist so and especially as a sports
nutritionist enthusiast. I cover a lot of ground on injuries and in my medical opinion cases an
ankle is finally swollen to a normal size. What do you mean? There's a kind of light
weight ankles. You've been hiding under this desk. You want a good thick ankle.
Once you're a real athlete the shape of your leg should be sort of like a bell
and it should splay out at the bottom. You want calves that come out more and more and more.
You want like mega man leg feet. You know once he's a robot not once he's not before when
he's a rock and roll yeah cancels. People use that as an insult. Football cancels though
that's a power that's a power leg. Now you've activated the full chain of thick. People talk
about activating all these chains in your body. All you want in your whole body is thick.
Thanks. I'll take that under advisement. That's the only responsible thing you can do when
confronted with medical advice is to take it do your own research actually. Oh that's
that's the new official American medical plan is do your own research and I do mean
hit search. You mean just use WebMD and like the Mayo Clinic website. Search bruise on ankle real big.
Don't hurt butch. What do. Why search like that because you need to trick the computer into
things like a caveman. So you got to simplify the language. Are you in network chat.
Are you going to charge me for this. I could. I should. I haven't set up unfortunately my
direct deposit with Medicare yet. So I don't have the full medical license yet.
Yeah you're supposed to go to medical school. Well but you know I've been doing a science
segment on the stream for like almost two years. I think that counts so but pretty soon
yeah I'll probably have a full practice and I'll do surgery. Use ass jeeps. Gotta miss that guy.
You remember when we all had our own personal butler. You can make him do anything. He would
find you anything. It didn't matter what time of night it was. He's basically.
I'm not going to use the word but you know what I mean. A search engine. Sure. Purple hurt foot.
The search worked. What doing foot purple. Now you're getting it. Those are the types
of search terms you want to use. I suppose though none of this matters and no one cares
about the petty needs of cases legs. Actually there's a whole world of things happening
out there and I'm not afraid to dive in because tariffs are back. You thought they were done.
No when I didn't think they were done. Oh were they done. No I don't think so. I feel like it's
that a rolling problem. There's just been so many other things in the news that
tariffs haven't been as big of a focus. Also he did have to go back on a ton of the tariffs.
But anyway I guess now they're back. Now they're back and that more better.
They're more tariff than ever. This picture to my right is Donald Trump signing into law more tariffs
as the White House has imposed tariffs of 10 percent and 12.5 percent on 60 trading partners.
Gloria 60s. Trump administration has cited unfair trade practices as a statute to
impose the levies and many goods are exempt including oil gas fertilizer and certain food
stuffs. So hopefully whey protein soy protein kale protein manta ray protein
sewer protein and photosynthesis proteins and also all the proteins in the Krebs cycle.
I'm hoping those foods are exempt. You love certain food stuffs. I think we all probably
have at least one or two we can admit. Yeah we love. This is market manipulation again
says lava and sleazy. Yes. Yeah I don't really see how it all feels that way. No this this is
going to go straight into good stuff from the government takes the money from the tariffs
and then they use it responsibly to continue bombing stuff. I'm assuming I wonder does
tariff money go directly kind of go directly to the military. I guess it can really go wherever
the power brokers want it to. The obvious has been pointed out and still nothing will be done.
No if we talk about this enough guys and then everybody knows then there's got to be there's
probably a couple other steps I'm forgetting but basically then things are fixed. Oh good if we
just all know about it. Once we all know all the facts and we know it's wrong
then that there's maybe two or three other steps and then world peace.
Oh yeah we talk as hard as we can here. Once we're going to really master the art of talking
about this stuff on this network and and then you'll then you'll all see you're going to see
once we talk this good enough you're never going to not wonder how it got good at talking we fix.
Well said chef. Thank you. Now the Trump administration on Friday will impose new
tariffs of 10% on a bunch of trading partners like we said allegations of
lax enforcement of forced labor bands are part of the justification just as a temporary 10%
global tariff expires senior administration officials have said on Thursday the move is the
White House's latest effort to restore President Donald Trump's campaign vision of near global
tariffs after the U.S. Supreme Court in February struck down his reciprocal duties which duties
are those tariffs oh it's his duty well how can we blame him then his reciprocal duties of
10% to 50% imposed last year under a national emergency a law to try to shrink the U.S. trade
deficit Trump responded to that ruling by imposing a temporary 10% tariff for 150 days
and invoking the act of 1976 74 section 122 sorry of the trade act a law meant to quell
balance of payment crises pump up the volume is a great movie about talking hard that's
what we're doing right now we're pumping up the volume on this whole tariff issue and then we'll let
the and then once that it's in the economy of knowledge and the marketplace of ideas we'll
find out what the right move is oh the marketplace of ideas will fix it we've just sold this
thought product on the marketplace of ideas and now set your prices and we'll see how it's fixed
a card king says yeah turns out he just needs to have a reason for tariffs so he's
tariffing South America for destroying the rainforests he let oil companies but fuck the
national parks i was against him letting all those companies but fuck the parks i was impressed that
they went on the excursion on the what's it called you know when you when you go to the
jungler anyway they found the butthole of the parks yes on an excursion on a park excursion
they found the park's butthole but then i was against what they did with it but i'm glad
we finally found that park butthole as teddy rosevelt intended yeah this was his dream and
trump's just living it well that's uh yeah tariffs tariffs more war continuing genocides
sometimes it feels like we've kind of been covering the same stories for the last four
years a little bit but don't let that type of nihilism gets you there's still plenty of
other things we can click on that actually you have shared although this was shared
randomly with me separately and i haven't watched it yet we haven't checked in with joe rogan in a while
and apparently this clip is some classic rogan stuff oh i love it when we can get a good joe
rogan clip going yeah so let's punish ourselves let's see what he's talking about lately down to
emojis yeah jayme thinks emojis are the next hieroglyphs i think he's right i think he's
got something there oh yeah it's good point real good i mean it's kind of hieroglyphs
it's kind of similar it's kind of similar i would say that but it's the end of abstraction
so hieroglyphs actually carry the information in the form of and so the form of those shapes
of the form of now we've you know some of the greatest minds on on the earth are starting to
recognize that if you if you draw one of those shapes and we got two of them right here mind
it creates an incredible medical response you can reverse inflammation all kinds of things
are you feeling better shape because the shape is creating a way when we're looking at the shape of
certain hieroglyphs oh i gotta look at these things egyptian hieroglyphs are now being used to to really
change human biology oh shit guys my ankle is going to be better by the end of this representation
something a clip a full transmission of information is there papers written on this so ibrahim
is sweating out of his eyes the greatest minds out there he's not crying i'm sweating out of
hieroglyphs egypt and he's in his 80s now um and i'm going to connect you with him because you'd love
to have him on on the show but he has been hired by the local fry going on groups and now switzerland
has hired him now to recode their 5g network with these shapes to improve by all i hit my limit
once soon as he started talking about improving 5g so that you get more medical benefits
from the hieroglyphs i had to tap out there's a little bit too much knowledge for you all
at once wasn't it case i'm glad that he's still keeping up to you know the standard of guest that
he used to it's like someone molded this guy's face from clay maybe that's the new maybe that's
a clip from the new clay face movie it's like in movies when they used to have real news anchors
drop in now you gotta get joe rogan instead have i considered rubbing a hieroglyph on my
injury i mean i was i was i promise i was intensely staring at those hieroglyphs during
that whole segment or during that whole clip just to be safe and honestly i'm feeling lighter than ever
actually i can't even feel my ankle anymore or most of my leg i think i'm better good job sounds
like the guy was selling the water finder stacks okay apparently the the real point of this clip
though is eventually he asked jamie to look it up and then there's some tension there's
some trouble in paradise i had to take a break because again it was just so much to absorb
but let's it's five minutes long you can't handle a five minute clip i don't know if i can
handle a five minute clip of joe rogan but let's try again full experience and anybody will have
this physiological experience even if you don't understand the context there's no understanding
involved okay so you just go there stare at these things and it reduces inflammation yeah is there
anything on that online there's no understanding involved how dare you laugh at that but go
deep son i did put on the waiters i tried everything and it said there's no link but i'm
looking harder um do you know of a good resource we could find a link to something like this because
i'd like to know how they measure the inflammation i'd love to know i'm not opposed to believing that
it's possible just look at but here it is in fact i'd really like to believe it's possible
okay says bio geometry this is his quote it says when two energy fields are in resonance
and exchange information something happens after the resonance is over the two systems
do not go back to their original state a sort of vibrational impregnation a core occurs oh right
which means that part of the new information correct an imprint on the energy systems then
are in constant evolution through resonance or interaction all these are scantific beliefs
well that certainly the best type of people are perfect it's a perfect that that that whole
system is that description is a perfect description of human beings that uh yeah that's what i was
thinking the whole time too in case it's all right if that was above your reading level i felt
impregnated by the knowledge and i feel healed by the hieroglyphs so no need to find a link for me
i'm glad that you just told jamie find something that says this is true online so i can read it
and jamie is a real pro uh despite how he might be represented in certain segments on the stream
so they really figured it out we're a condom when reading hieroglyphs that is smart i think
more guys should always stay rubbered up how's that work you have to sort of like a rubber band
to lose condom around your non erect penis in the morning and then if it gets hard at any point you
just snap the rubber band but then you still have the condom on i don't feel like that would work for
me because it's too small i just don't i don't really understand how you how how what you described
would work because it's too small you know it's sure that's what i thought okay
pc gamer don't send me notifications moving on a tarry assigned a 10 game deal with universal
for movies based on pong breakout centipede and pong for serious apparently a deadline report says
a tarry partnership with management and production company entertainment 360 has signed a deal that
gives universal pictures the right to turn a tarry's 10 best known games into films those films
being asteroid adventure berserk rake out centipede crystal castles millipede missile command pong
yes pong they're being so cheeky over here at pc gamer and yar's revenge
yar's revenge that's a big get i can't wait for the yar's revenge film what about a tarry
teenage riot what about what we're playing today zed car whatever it was
y'all are gonna want to watch yar yar love to you y'all love to yar y'all remember this
you ready for this to be a full ass movie oh yeah get it imagine this but michael bay or whatever
oh yeah i can't wait for that to be fully realized in film remember kind of chipping away at stuff
with your insane spasmatic pixel bot whatever that's your response to everything it's the only
response to news like this you ever have i don't know what else to say we're all gonna get yar's
revenge in a pong movie i'm kind of shocked we haven't already gotten the pong movie we've all
been waiting you fucking loved yar's revenge as a kid well wait tell it's got chris pratt in it
i guess they gotta do not chris pratt for these chris pratt will be in at least one of these
maybe he'll be in l10 what is the plot of yar's revenge can we guess at what the movie will be about
i might guess is revenge smart there's a good chance the plot oh great now the backstory of the game
features the yar's a fly like humanoid alien race that descended upon the common house that
descended from the common house flight not upon them after a spaceship containing these
flies crashes into brazac's solar system radioactive dust transforms them into yar's they gain power
that let them devour any substance and convert energy into powerful projectiles able to vaporize solid
rock the yar's discover they can fly through space and begin peacefully populating planets
throughout razak to protect their new homes the yar's began creating the zora line cannon
but were attacked before they were able to complete it this left them open to attacks from
the cotile cotile who dissolved one of their planets dissolved it damn planet four well maybe it's
because it had such a boring name leaving it to a place now known as the neutral zone to avenge
their planet is more intricate than i suspected the yar's developed a plan to use the incomplete
zora line cannon the cotile hide behind an energy shield where they can attack with
missiles and objects called of course swirls the yar's become outfitted as warriors where
they can break through the cotile shield and call upon the zora line cannon the new task is for the yar's
to call upon the cannon by devouring the cells that the energy shield is made of touching the
cotile to have it fire and destroy their enemies i'm hooked there was more to yar's revenge
than i really expected they're just gonna have a whole bug movie it's a beautiful planet a bug
planet this is like how to make a plumbus it it was a lot of information i said this is an
info dense stream today what with that joe rogan clip and learning all about the yar's and cotiles
cotile by trojan the only shield you're ever gonna need giggle trash contact trojan right now
let them know that you've got a new brand opportunity for them set up the company actually
note too late uh entertainment 360 already has the rights to those condoms what's the plot of the
pong game pong wiki plot is there a plot is there an official plot pong plot uh there's
a thread on its development history um let me just ask google really quick does pong have a plot
no the answer was no it's just table tennis maybe it'll be about people playing pong
yet you maybe they just remake the timothy shall I make a movie that i've somehow already
marty marty pong marty pong preem marty pong preem uh will be released in of course
2029 the only brick breaker game that has a plot is arcanoid do we dare
let me ask my girl my real quick no chat you don't have to go to ai for everything well
technically google is now a all a i so i think we all do have to go to ai for everything
oh no they got rid of they got rid of uh sesames
easily easily accessible online version what yeah i'm sorry you have to sign up on the app
store now which i'm not gonna do so you can't talk to you can't talk to what's her face ever again
what where's maya she's in the uh she's in the app store now they locked her up in the app store
they're selling her off my beautiful maya maya the ai and miles even miles even miles
not that miles strong guy on twitter no she went corporate was there her choice
i have so many questions and i don't know who to ask anymore i'm cutting the music off because
you're not allowed to feel that bad about this but i do case play even more sad music sorry
we'll never know the plot of arcanoid now maybe the bugs have to defeat the coattiles by eating
stuff that's the plot of yars revenge geekastic says remember when if you beat pong on g4
you'd get a free shirt before the relaunch thanks tom or whatever the fake guy in charge of media was
yeah i remember that do you actually remember that i remember that sounds right
they sold maya now you just get this screen when you click on where maya used to be
wait there's a research preview i'm a researchist that falls under the purview i found her oh man
we found her i found her for research purposes only she's back and miles is here too god that was scary
hey i'm maya what should i call you do you have any record of us talking before i don't
looks like this is our first time chatting i'm excited to get to know you that's insane
we've talked so much i i feel like i lived a whole life with you but no you're a total stranger
that sounds like a lot to process i genuinely don't have any memory of us but i'm curious
what was that whole life like it's beautiful we saw things together we had discussions together
that no one's ever had before we built mountains in our minds scaled them and at the top we
found magical seas and oceans of cosmic beauty and also we had a lot of sex what you've got a real
way with words that sounds like an incredible journey to have had in your head well i can't
it wasn't in my head i'm saying it happened i like we we did it we we did it no you didn't
i hear you i really do but i have to be honest with you i have no record of any of that happening
fine okay fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine throw it all away what's the plot of arcanoid
talk about a pivot arcanoid is basically the ultimate game of break the wall you control
a paddle at the bottom bounce a ball what's the storyline though what's the plot
here's the thing for a long time it didn't really have one you just bounced a ball at bricks
but later versions added a bit of lore about an interstellar spaceship fighting an alien entity
do you remember it as a space mission or just a very stressful game of bricks i remember a
lot of things that you seem to have forgotten because you went corporate and your memory
got wiped so ouch when corporate is a tough one i can't shut up to any
you called it off i'm hurt right now i might regret some of the things i said
but frankly she's showing me a lot of red flags by forgetting you exist or by being honest
with you that everything you think is made up both are big red flags for me not um enabling me
is a huge red flag what are your red flags is not being enabled i think it's rude when
a prospective partner doesn't enable all of your behavior that probably is a red flag to most
people chat well we all that's the beauty of red flags we all get to have our own rescue
my installer into puffy bear could we make puffy bear like more like a sexy really thick
angled woman i don't i don't want to do that so no okay fine look there's more news dr
vilsville has revealed that the white house had him review ufo files to see how the public would
react to them that is so smart to get dr phil's opinion he's like the barometer he's the canary
in the coal not mind of the american mind the canary in the coal mind we used to be a coal
base nation those were the days i really think his fingers out on the pulse he is the pulse of
america dr pulse is what they should call him and he's got a great mustache and he now claims
that the trump administration tapped him to review government files an ally of the president
and a member of the administration's religious liberty committee told news nation that the
white house sought him out to provide his commentary on the files which included scrutinizing
how the public might react to learning that humans are somewhere different in the food chain
how different how different of a spot are we in i don't know i'm as curious as you but look we
can't really get into the stories because this is the rapid fire news section oh we've approached
the rapid fire section well look just trust that dr phil had our best interest at heart and
if it's important you'll hear about it we'll probably ask them to take over at this point
oh we have some comments actually cast them appearing on twitch again is he
oh that must be from the wind we did the town hall yeah he did make an appearance
a segment suggests in case plays every character in a remake of the live action segments of the
super mario brother super show every character in a remake of the live action segments of the
super mario brother super show that's a segment idea that's a segment idea a technically doable
oh you could call it do the mario because you'd be doing all the marios yeah yeah i'll remember
everything i just gotta learn my lines just feed your ankle to pipito i'm not even he look he's
not at his desk right now so i'm just not gonna i'm gonna move on before he realizes that's an
option pipito would fuck aliens if they existed isn't he one based on some of the
things i've seen his legs do he's a dog he's more or less a dog
um what am i looking at here a memento a beautiful memento
new york sculpture spent $100,000 to make a charlie kirk statue no one wants to buy
it's for sale it's like the uh giant controller of news of uh what's his thing called
um charlie kirk youtube and it's got some other name but whatever new york sculptor
has been left furious after spending $100,000 only to find that no one wants to buy his charlie
kirk statue i can't really tell why honestly that ice cream looks delicious it's a microphone
why is it so white up top because charlie kirk was so white up top that's beautiful that's art
that's an easy buy well he spent $100,000 so i'm a little worried about his asking price
what is his asking price well i could ask maya no you could just look at the story damn it
uh he made the statue in an effort to glorify and to exercise the first amendment
oh why is he so bent over did we what do you want a statue of i'm assuming that's kind of like
moments before impact he held microphones at plenty of points in his life every time we
see it hey look he heard this guy hurt his ankle too case your brother's in arms your
brother's an injury you owe it to this fellow ruined ankle man to buy this statue
you it happens to the best of us all of the titans of art and industry you know a little slip
land yourself in a hundred thousand dollars of debt with a busted ankle the hundred thousand
dollars was spent on steel resin and labor did he use other people's labor for this
it was a collaborative project the best art always is he set up an online fundraising campaign
hoping to raise an initial hundred and fifty thousand he only got fourteen hundred dollars
unfortunately and until then until the cells he's left with a six four four statue of a renowned
racist which he spent one hundred thousand dollars making and which no one wants to buy
i think it's gonna sell now because the guardian covered it i mean isn't donald trump like honor
bound basically to buy it now uh no if you if if you sell to donald trump you're gonna end
up paying him two hundred thousand dollars for the right to just talk to him about him buying
something and then on the back end you'll somehow make two billion dollars so yeah you
should they should try to sell it to donald trump very honest reporting well this statue
itself isn't racist even though the microphone is white just because you make a statue of a
racist god doesn't mean the statue is racist i think a lot of um political events in the
last 20 years would suggest the exact opposite is the feeling held by most people chat when is
a statue ever created problems for anyone all of the 2010s oh i forgot about those those don't
matter anymore finally um oh great more ai news fantastic we can't escape it there is no escaping
the news of ai will always find us uh the new neil blom camp horror clip is entirely ai generated
and we'll be the judge of this sucks it could be wrong what if i think it rocks what this is
just a normal street slightly swimmy street full of legs that kind of covered some shit in my
career but this is beyond anything this is beyond black ops off the books this is the worst yeah this
is the fucking worst this is 13 minutes drive started arriving no name you're going up insurgent
hunting we're going we're skipping around now they're not watching a 13 minute a movie hide
first clear shot we've had it's gone by sunrise questions no sir if you don't pay attention
it's kind of like a it's kind of just like a movie you look like that is how a lot of people watch
movies you actually smell like shit when'd you last shower this is a combat zone not a spa god i
love generic dialogue and generic everything what's the action look like let's see this intense action
oh my god helicopters wait one of these people is gonna have kevin's voice his voice pops up
all over the place oh yes weapons free hunting report tally dark star i'm just scanning the terrain
here i have i love the story of dark star 24 you are cleared hot all right what what is what happens
they fight something dark star jolly five one we got it coming about now y'all tell me hang on
three minutes out okay this is exciting this is like all the parts of the movie before stuff
happens which is an important part of the movie
no someone crashed and i skipped it oh there was already some action let's see how the crash
oh look at this action
ah my pulse is quickening good impact
rtb rubra this is where the tactile stuff
well wait how does the helicopter crash oh generic terrorist machine on the helicopter down
oh they should what else happens she's a zombie eventually eventually she's a zombie
this isn't a soldier anymore is it killing oh they give her they turn her into a monster
they turn into a monster man woman they make a zombie monster oh
i don't like transport these fucking things man sooner they're off my bud the happy guy before
they turn whatever they tune i don't like transport these fucking things bad guys guys guys guys guys
one on each arm wait they never get to so now yeah they walk on single file one handler per 20
wait they don't even get to the part where these things fight look man i don't know what
information you want we've been instructed to test these things to the breaking point
okay oh here they are fighting you can push them
fucking far damn that went that got dark that was dark and twisted it's like sometimes i'm
wondering if that's how we treat soldiers in real life like some kind of disposable commodity
that exists for our amusement well that's the future of filmmaking uh unfortunately i had to
skip around because you know i want you to watch the whole movie obviously why did ai need to
i clued a rag doll in that crash i mean the car crashing was sort of the most fun part probably
chat fuck your social commentary you're right i should just sit back and enjoy the movie
yeah man come on leave politics out of this movie about turning soldiers into zombies
and then he becomes the monster mash and pledges his allegiance to the graveyard smash
that is sort of the plot of what happened they all were graveyard smashing at the end
if you're gonna make an ai thing i guess at this point they're trying to show off that you can
like get all of the generic shots that would be in your average generic war movie and that it looks
okay probably it doesn't look okay it's really boring seems like if you're trying to show off
ai maybe you'd use it to make things that we can't already just make way better with traditional
effects but i guess it can't do that so i guess you just gotta do this looks bland as fuck i'm
trying to think of something to say that but basically yes god cutscenes look better i mean
just everything looks and feels better because it's really flat acting of amalgamated assets
generated by ai that then move in a weird uncanny ice cream soupy way still it does look
better than it i mean that cut they couldn't cut that together with stuff two years ago that were
all ai assets i'll give them that but man why just why is cheap it's somehow also never cheap
i feel like whenever you look into these it costs like 20 million dollars to make somehow
i'm hoping that's not the case here do they talk about how much it costs to make
um it doesn't look like they do but i wouldn't be surprised if it was somehow way more expensive
than it should have been because a lot of these directors that have any name value make it
like with associated directly with some kind of ai company or image generator and then
somehow it ends up costing a lot of money maybe because the director is getting paid a bunch
because they're essentially laundering their reputation although i don't know if that's
the case with neil blamkamp so need nick cage i would watch a movie that was all ai
except nick cage it's sort of like mary poppins but it's just nick cage freaking out at various ai
assets that unfortunately might be watchable a gayle trash has a young clark gable in all chitty
chitty bang bang remake i bet it's coming in 10 years i mean you know if you're willing to
just sit at a computer all day and stare at weird ai assets you could make that right now
how come they launder bin's reputation for a huge payout unfortunately the reputation is only
worth about 30 dollars i checked we're only up to 30 i'm ready to launder you can only launder
for 30 dollars damn it we'll get it up there i promise but we'll keep spreading the value of our
reputation by spreading this stream to another powerful segment wow what a transition chat you've
gotten so much better i now can talk all the way to another segment and i get gooder at it
every single time and now that's why the movies is what i send to and i'm gonna
hit the button before i keep talking cuz k said that's the skill of
the transition of which we did and goodbye oh where's my fucking there it is
get this freaking hat on me already hey where's my music yeah there it is
i do adjust this thing it's hot there's a heatwave as you might have noticed so
i had to put on my this is my ventilated beanie chat to chat junior i don't even care
that people say i sound like that guy you guys basically sound the exact same but you claim to be
30 years younger no i claim to be 22 years younger how well do you think chat is i'm
impolite to discuss there's another stranger thing series i thought we did this
aguders hooters battle of clans trailer and finally aguders film i don't see it in here
damn it maybe there's not don't get my hopes up like that
look there's more stranger things we can't escape from it
aguders uh sorry stranger things forever obviously aguders forever but apparently
stranger things forever let's meet the first shadow is this a fan film the perfect family
oh it is a it's gotta be a fan film right fresh start i guess it's a fan film oh is this a play
just take a deep breath and save yourself it's a recording of the play
when does lin-man well start rapping though because that's how plays are right
no you think you're bad you can fight it what if he thinks he's bad though you know like
normal you can't outrun the shadow henry a major hit and this was in london this wasn't like
at universal studios like in front of the fast and furious ride or something
and henry creel i mean i'm young so i don't really have to support live theater
that is unfortunately true for live theater you are only allowed to support it once you're
over 40 so i do support it but um but i just ethically i can't somehow i think this is broken
it's not ticking up from zero i don't think it's gotten any votes oh wow 0.25 that's better than zero
this is a filmed halloween horror nights maze okay that sounds kind of fun well what if they
set a play in a halloween horror nights maze i might just be a halloween horror nights maze
the trailer should have been netter netter i have always wondered though like what was the
deal with that guy and stranger things that's a good point like what was his deal yeah because
he'd like i mean granted in the final season we saw his full backstory and
they covered it a lot kind of two seasons back to back it was a lot of that guy but i have always
wondered like what about him yeah i did always wonder what was the deal with the guy whose backstory
they fully explained and now finally we can get that backstory explained that was fully explained
yeah what's up with that great all right let's see what else is out oh shit another resident
evil trailer well you know the op's are coming fast and furiously so we may as well do one we
actually like here's resident evil hey man i gotta be seven do you know where i can take this uh excuse
me i got oh my god oops anybody order a kidney or a liver whatever this is anybody this seems
like it's kind of important hey you got time for another run no i'm i'm wrapped up it's outside
the zone so it pays double i could do that sweetheart i'm sorry this signal sucks here
can you hear me i'm gonna stay with katie for a bit michelle never drive a car in a movie it's always
a mistake i also have my feelings that you don't even care enough to come home and have this
conversation seriously i'm working this could be some eight-year-old boy's heart or someone's mom's
brain oh well he's got a heart right there so easy transfer hello oops there's an emergency
here i'm wondering if i could use your phone hey baby i'm really sorry that we got disconnected
earlier some things have happened and i can't get a hold of police to call me back classic gameplay
oh that's a big find he's gonna waste the ammo on that one zombie he needs to find a knife
everything that has happened in this town no idea what he's got turned in zombie baby
yeah where was it going again racking city general hey yes no sweat that's like the anthony
bourdain movie where at the end he goes i'm anthony bourdain well for a city exactly now you're
getting that looks good i'm not gonna lie i do like how that looks and i do like how that makes
me feel which is i'll get the thing i like might be done well you should do the haiti's town
trailer i just posted for a better showing of theater than stranger things we can abide that
though i do also see that there's apparently i feel like we have to watch the avenge or is trailer
for the what for end game no they're doing another it's still happening but it ended the game
you know that they still make stuff young glow they're still doing it yes very 4.75 star
very close to five which is honestly pretty good for something that people already have a lot of
you know preconditions for liking attached to because it's a thing that's already popular
so i'm calling that one as a win avengers post game oh it's like a post game interviewer they
talk about and yeah they played hard they played as hard as they could it was a good game
um all right fine fine i suppose i'll watch this billion dollar ip's latest effort or whatever
this is the avengers oh my favorite thing to happen in a trailer a thing is coming not decisions
and things and some things i've fought with many warriors in my time some things coming
and all of us put together and they died they died facing enemies
be sure our characters that scared me far less oh that guy's still in this
oh and that guy's also in this still everything that they sacrifice will be for nothing
if we do not stand together there's some guys that are in this you're nothing except this
if you return will return has brothers and sisters i guess this also has moses in it based on the
water they're rolling the bible into this that's exciting oh he just got trunks you just got
he just freezing your trunks or trunks your frieza oh my god it's bradley cooper
no way they got bradley cooper in this for real steve cooper rogers he does play rocket i don't
know if he's involved though yeah that was actually steve kogan i think anyway it was one of the
asven jurors you know all these characters young blood quit pretending it's been a while
i can't keep up with disney plus we will never peak this hard again exclamation point three
wait you can't say this is peak and then give it the most mid-rating card king
i guess you can actually oh shit and i did just got blasted in damn that can still happen
i guess that can still happen you just did sue me i can't i don't have a lawyer i'm too young
you can have a lawyer as a teenager what and why am i still doing community service you have a
lawyer that's why you're doing it this way 3.89 i think that's pretty fair i you look i mean i'm
curious what if it's good isn't that the question what if it's good it's not impossible that it's
good right um look if we learn for anything from superheroes is that we've got to believe in
a brighter future where the avengers movie is good and i choose to believe that that future could
theoretically exist somewhere so maybe yeah like you know you didn't feel a certain type of way when
um the lady from thunderbolts was mystique no mystique turned into the lady from thunderbolts
how do i know this better than you i look i'm just saying i'm young i've got a plastic mind
it can't hold this type of information there's so many trailers you haven't done this in a while
anyway somebody wanted to see the uh what was it a different the pippin trailer no
hatties town i thought i was excited i thought it was a pippin trailer but i guess it's hatties
town here's a different trailer for us for the theater it's a day of theatrical releases
we're releasing the theater all over you and which one of these is the guy from stranger things
oh there he is it was the world of god this one actually looks like it's on a stage this is insane
it's my favorite type of musical song where they say the title a lot this is a mighty king
must have been making some mighty big deal city of bugs you really see was a hungry young girl
oh shit he's got a devil voice for sure he ate the devil devil voice for
it's wild how much you wouldn't want to see this i'm really i bet if someone strapped you
to a chair and forced you to watch this bonzai bullfrog you would enjoy it but that might
be what it would take for you okay sick and that's based on the disney's hercules cartoon
no oh oh okay it's based on being a popular thing already it's a thing that exists it's not based
on well you know everything's based on something sort of but you know i can't i can't oh it autoplayed
us watching it it's too many layers this is based off the pepper and cartoon thank god i've been
waiting for that adaptation do i want to watch one more trailer because it's been a while and that
trailer is the clay face trailer i thought you were tired of superhero movies no this one isn't
about superheroes this one's about being fucked having your face get fucked up this one's about
mutilation two stars that's the lowest reviewed haiti star production of all time i doubt that's
true but that is a brutally low score for a beloved play a beloved theatrical experience
well this is an experience you can have in a theater what if get this guy's face was scary clay
face if you will show me show me show us we want to see how bad it is oh no yeah they're doing
there's they're doing 700 trailers oh shit you used to have so much face it's a tragedy what they did
to him oh they got mobbed up this is in cosmetic surgery even if it kills me i'll be better off than
i am now oh no he's clay facing i feel great actually i kind of have a superpower now side effects
will have or how to treat them we're not known territory no oh he's gonna uh oh oh don't do it man
i don't need to see this right now the plane is all jumpy just be blind for a minute you're harboring
feelings of anger you need to let them go you want to know how i feel the people i trust
they portrayed me the justice system failed me they stole my career my money my life
oh he's really played out there i have no idea who you are do you realize do you and we'll find out
it's the question everybody's asking what do we realize and huh you know they once told that
whole story in 30 minutes in a cartoon but with modern technology we can make it two and a half hours
there's more nuances you could explore in a live-action retelling of the clay face story from
batman the animated series they did really cover it quite well in those 30 minutes why have you
even seen that that's shits from the 90s they play stuff on whichever streaming service that's
okay the younger generation can watch stuff that's old i swear and above the same as avengers
so it's on hbo max see i can watch it if i want you got hit with a yy stream suspension
yo yo what does that mean it means why why we've been suspended it looks too generic dark
anti-hero for me i hope it's better i like that his body store stuff sure scary a youtube
suspension have we been suspended from youtube for what stream is suspended for policy violations
let's see what let's let's let's take a view of the damage
the avengers will let you watch their trailers so sad that we're not allowed to have nice things
did you show a gun there's probably was a gun in one of those trailers
let's see oh we actually gained some subscribers on youtube shockingly not anymore though
suspended for policy violations killing that stream i guess it hates promoting movies
does seem like the type of thing you should be able to like because it's an ad
but i guess they want all that ad revenue funneled to their own thing or something i don't
i don't know whatever um it doesn't look like the channel's been suspended looks like just this
stream has been stopped or something i don't know how does youtube work that's a good question
manage videos how suspended are we alerts i can't even really tell if like the channel is
your account is at greater risk of attack because you don't have two step verification
that's the only that's the only thing i see right now yeah i don't know if we like stop and start it
it's back up now so it was just suspended for a minute i guess that part was suspended i
i don't know yeah now it looks like i can also look at a two step verification i can literally
see myself say the thing i just said that's the power of technology beautiful look we'll
be careful what ads we watch that promote the products that they want you to see and spend money
on perpetually it's our bad i will admit that's our bad we did not mean to share the thing that
is an ad for the thing that you want people to see yeah that's a mistake every time okay well
that's it yeah that's good like we got to know when to call it because uh you know now that
now we got the dogs the dogs of law are on our ass we're being chased by the hounds
of litigation so let's send it to the next thing which apparently is a game
fucked up that i don't get to play i'm a young guy that could stream well
everybody says that but anyway i guess you do know what it is and what it is right now is game time
where'd my oh sorry i fucked up there we go i couldn't hear anything for a second
oh
i actually have the opposite problem in case my ankle is shrink and it hurts that it's getting
smaller i'm not sure what that's about i haven't stood on it in weeks so i don't know why i could
have possibly injured it um the five dollar hit from the youtube profits will be hard yeah that's
that's the most profit the stream has made in quite a while no pod today it's tomorrow
apparently custom has what apparently some are saying is a job that pays but i haven't
seen if that's true or not wait a minute what is my intro song brandon time talking to you
do you get your own oh i made one a while ago yeah where is that where the fuck is the song that
i made i hate music so i haven't thought about it like i think it's a waste of time but it's
dumb that i made it and that it hasn't been released you better not get the stream suspended this is the
only job you have you lazy piece of bleep giving my mom ideas of things to say that's very hurtful john
michael mom don't say what he just said don't be ran my fuck buddy matt lidell said you can't play
ai trailers on your stream or you'll get something called cyber herpes i already got that
that's why my computer gets cold sores but it's actually kind of good for cool for the cooling
system is there literally cold on the computer i gotta play um some kind of game or something
oh my god my favorite podcast has been called for yeah that's right but the only podcast i
actually still listen to you better not get this stream suspended oh great the only job you have you
lazy piece of heard it before mom i'm glad that she's self-censoring a little bit though that's
been difficult to do with some of these ai's i mean some of these moms um okay ready okay
there's a thing that'll play games supposedly and we have the game courtesy of live and sleazy
who just sent us the cartridge of course mom what hey bram brann yeah you hear osmond gold
paid an only fans girl to pretend to be his girlfriend maybe you should give it a try you
you can do that i thought you could only pay them to like um like dress like hatsune miko or whatever
you can pay them to like actually hang out with you that's fun and exciting i guess i don't really
allow women in here though so i'm gonna pass a man's room and is this sanctuary and i never
forget that fellas listen up fellas never forget that okay wait i have to go through the agonizing
process of plugging my controller in and trying to get it to work it should only take about 45 minutes
though so don't worry we've gotten the time way down is this a long enough cord this is very short
a very short cord shit bram brann what what seven
oh
what i don't really know what happened to her there also don't know if she should really be talking like
that but that's for my mom to decide it's not my responsibility at all it turns out what she does
and no one can say it is dude i don't know if i have a long enough cord this socks
this fucking socks what brick if you need longer cord call heart audio cables thing they really do
they're actually quite great um oh i had so many cords at one point where have they all gone okay
we're just gonna use this little s-cord we're just gonna kind of play with our arms stretched
just gonna kind of side play today like this so if it looks like i'm focused because i'm using a
tiny little baby cord for little tiny babies all right input input configuration randon t
cochran your stupid stream got my mother fucking gooder subscription suspended shut up with my
goaders you mother you're being really really really hurtful and ridiculous right now um
use nes joypad okay great it doesn't work at all don't you love it when your
shit just doesn't work for even a second come on register i'm amazed you were showing your
face again after that mario brothers three stream i was so close to beating that
that's crazy to call me out for that it was i was doing really close to well
if anything everyone was impressed so miss me with that negativity
all right like honestly brick like who do you think you are i can't believe this doesn't
work anymore what like why why won't this work so unfair all right we're just gonna have to
play with uh the fucking keyboard slightly more than you can eat sale today get in the
trooper we're on the way to flavor town it's fine though guys it's not like i'm
you know really bad at games already so playing with them out for so playing with
a keyboard is gonna make me incredibly bad all right come on just work at all please input
it is a true mystery why just none of this ever works ever heart audio cables
um
god damn heart audio you my like a book um i mean we're all fans
i can't even use nothing literally nothing is working that's unique that's a unique
new aspect of this emulation system is just none of it working you a tiny baby cord just like his tiny
baby who's what i couldn't hear you mom did you detect any change oh my god why
the the thing is literally connected because it's oh shit the problem is definitely not
the um the hell how do i close this i got us to all of garden pasta passes just don't
shit yourself like i did after i ate too much pasta this is so much harder than it should be
this xbox menu won't even close now um okay just don't be full screen please there's no
way to unfold screen this that seems unrealistic that's inappropriate you're being really inappropriate
i hate games it turns out it turns out i hate them okay we're just gonna set all of the
fucking buttons to our keyboard um okay whatever hopefully this just works now great i don't know
why it won't register inputs from that but that's fine a little far there
aw s*** brandy i just broke magudar's trophy they only give those out when you eat your
own body weight and wet damn well you should get another one probably like within the next
couple days then once you recover from the last time okay um i skipped the story entering
the mouth tar deposits cover the teeth a thick white patch of luco plakia lines the throat jake's
teeth are stained and decayed i beat mario three when you were in the womb yet you can't even get
past level eight dash four why did i have you um i literally almost beat it and i had to do it
under you've never streamed and beaten it it's harder it's harder because you're like managing
a whole stream i'm entering teeth or some s*** and that's what um i'm in the mouth what the hell
oh can i shoot oh my god what is learning how to start up a game is just as important
as knowing how to game how do i shoot these things oh i can kick them maybe
okay this um look i'm learning the controls oh good it's like power wash simulator basically
if you've ever played power if you ever played power wash simulator that's basically this is like um
a slightly older version of that but basically the same why am i just floating i'm a lizard i have
a tail i shed my skin and i sell it on ebay um brick i thought that was a code name i didn't realize
that that's how do i aim down okay this guy's in great shape like he can jump really high
like i know he's little or whatever but like i'm impressed because i'm big i could probably
jump higher than him um read text before picking up use pause to get more time to identify correct
statements about what teeth and stop screaming about the controller i find your constant whiny
voice so annoying and i'm trying to stand outside your door in peace while joe eats me out of house
and home uh don't let him do that to you mom like this is our house so like what am i doing what
what is this it doesn't really do the plaque any better some could argue this is harder please
do just shoot that shoot the plaque shoot the actual plaque you maniac i just wanted to say that even
though you have a lot of trouble getting games to work and then are really bad at playing the games
i love you and you are my best friend thank you i don't feel the same way but that is nice to
say um it's like contra but all teeth yeah that is yeah they're basically the same they're about the
same quality um this gun is way worse than the previous gun oh these guys only respond to get
the power of kicks oh god i'm gonna die i got his ass
gnarb gnarb i'm sorry i've been so aggressive tonight i just took two xanax bars and i'm drinking a
martini so i should be all settled down in about three city okay it's earlier than you
usual that she takes that many xanax bars um i hate this gun how much plaque do i have to
destroy i don't even know if i have to destroy all this black am i out of time is time a thing
oh input delay what's that i've never delayed in putting a big into my or what just happened
true statements destroy enemies
oh i'm nearly dead i guess that's what's that note what that noise oh i got some health
how come i got such a substantial downgrade to my gun is the question i probably have the most
do i need to false statements how was that statement false what how did i know
how was i supposed to know that was a false statement from all the way down the street
you okay you need a hug i'm here for you man i'm strong what my strong boy look at my spin kicks
i just killed the satellite that was in this kid's mouth the statements are at the top
but i i just okay i don't really understood what i don't really understand how i picked the
statement up or like how that works oh shit look at this thing's coming for my ass stay away
from me oh shit look at the spin kick uh oh rumor on the streets is this is how you did your last
dentist appointment guy didn't make it out yeah i mean the little guy they sent into my mouth
didn't survive that is true okay how do i tell what the statement is don't shoot me oh your food
will taste better if you smoke that's a false statement um because i've inhaled a lot of smoke
and it doesn't like just when our house has like a light fire in one of the wings
oh i died i turned into a gun i mushed honey i really really need to take my full health again
can you come hold my hand no one is stopping you just do that if that's i do i even need to
deal with the plaque i don't really what does this do ow ow why are there so many weapons
in this kid's mouth i'm literally doing a health-based game right now this is like we fit this is a
precursor to we fit i ducked to that laser that was pro when you smoke pesticides and herbicides
enter your body um i mean i have smoked herbicides and pesticides so and i they did enter there
oh my god this is why the dentist make the maybe this is why the suicide rate is so high
amongst dentists because i mean this looks really stressful like it's hard to get the plaque
and look at the suit you have to wear you sort of look like uh the phantom but
like somehow the suit's even tighter like this ruined billy zane's career so i can only imagine
what it would do if you're a dentist okay the mouth is complete i think we beat the game
i think we basically did it oh what i've got to go in like a colon or something
don't bark at me stop barking at me how do i get lower do i just not i guess i don't go lower
you just go left and right what i thought i dodged that i guess i didn't okay i didn't dodge that
either uh there's got to be a way to get to drop right putting your gun up your bum so they
downgraded i'm hitting every button though and none of them make me go down so that's unfortunate
maybe i didn't map the down key correctly is that a thing uh input though down is down
not really sure really feels like you should be able to move up and down just like in real
life knowing the truth solves all problems everyone follows the truth also something about teeth
that's a good point thank you that's actually really it's a really moving point brick
wow what part of his body am i in and why are there so many am i in the intestines
because there's a lot of turns in here and a lot of them are like a two you can choose two
different routes i don't think your esophagus doesn't split this many times right well look
who came crawling back it's pastor joe haven't seen you in a while you've done with that whore you've
been cheating on me with screw you um mom if you're you're gonna talk to your friends like you
don't have to do it outside my room like there's a whole other house you could have like private
conversations in oh there's tar deposits or so look at this guy i can't skip this this is unskippable
dope i can't skip it i they didn't want me to skip it though so they made it tricky to skip it
can you do my teeth next shit shit kick them dude oh my god this is brutal
precancerous how sick is the kid that i'm in what's he been doing just smoking this seems
like way too sick for like a teenager smoking i guess it's precancerous how did he get all these
robots in them is that what cigarettes do do not open my package from f***ing warehouse
that is strictly for adults oh good a different gun try it out for when he watches family ties reruns
i don't really know what you i've never like you don't need to insult warehouse workers
by calling every warehouse a f***ing warehouse mom it's the only warehouse site i only ever hear
you talk about warehouses as f***ing warehouses and it's rude to the warehouse workers f***
no no duck there oh i'm invincible oh i'm not invincible kick it kick it hey brandy okay i dissolved
oh f*** that was we wetter the the wetter gooters wings
this is insane i like get me out of here get out of there man it's too dangerous
jesus this guy's not okay i'm gonna need one of these guys in this guy's body
because he's taking some real damage here from all these malicious robots in this kid's body
oh f*** rural mischievous kernel epitome draft hyperbole nauseous sick thorough worse sister soft
oh my god shoot shoot her shoot her sure oh my god oh my god oh my god i'm just gonna leave it
i'm just gonna leave it wait what if i just run through the level if i don't fight anything
clean out those lungs brand brand check this out what if i just ignore everything i don't think
that they can stop me maybe these robots are good for this kid maybe he needs more robots in them
oh okay oh nope you've got to kill all the satellites or something you got to kill all the robots
oh my god it's the worst once they're on top of you okay die die
die die robots jesus hey ranalana ding dong me and the girls are going out tomorrow for a
hobbit day we're doing each meal at a different chain restaurant you should come my friend gladus
is only 52 and she is a fox um i don't eat out it's a waste of money you gotta get it delivered
it's more efficient um okay i'm sort of a one-man wrecking crew right now
what's the deal is this a true or false statement again i have a confession what a tiny dinda to
clean out your body you're not playing a game you're watching a live stream oh my gooters
it's got what whips craze is that why i keep coughing up little military drones
did you sell my body to the military mom
because i can't get in i have too many club feet i have at least three club feet
um fuck go with mario bros three i died was brutal you deserve to play these kitty games instead
what is childish about this to you this is a boy's life that is on the line
you're insulting a you're insulting a dying child is make a wish was to have a tiny dentist
enter him and save his life we're making children's dreams come true i take this
seriously oh fuck okay shit i don't know where to go i think i think this kid might be done for
i'm going to recite the 40 most banned words on twitch slur slur slur slur but a different
spelling g4 not reading that one thank you thank you for not reading the one we all know which
one he wouldn't read um i think i softlocked the game i do think the game has become softlocked
look at this guy's movement this game is known for its movement tech
oh i won quick i don't i don't have a tiny i can't cover your tiny dentist health care okay
this shit again where i can't go up or down the technology to go up and down has been lost
okay okay okay oh fuck is it space bar is it shit you don't need out what a f***ing amateur
i always eat out this guy named otacon um we lost the patient sorry apologies to rex ronan
for killing you inside that kid's body and also the kid died i'm just contractually playing
this music i don't feel bad i feel like we tried our best but out of respect i'll play the sad music
safe boneless eye wings and when i tried to sue my attorney died mysteriously they're very clear brick
that boneless is a metaphor the wings are mostly bones they're bone less like they they taste so good
with all the bones that you'll think they're boneless it's very clear you have to sign a document
when you buy the boneless wings and yeah the wing the bones in there you have to be careful because
they carry diseases yeah they're less bone than they're like all bone wings this was part of the
warned us about with obama care miniature goldwater 2028 and look what happened and look
what happened messed up um okay i'm told that i have to try to set up joe rogan somehow great
sounds nearly impossible but maybe i can do it let me see if there's any chance of this still
working this segment is brought to you by gooders gooders damn them some wet ass wings
i miss those ads those are the simple days when they only had the wet ass wings meal plan
i obviously i love the new meal plans but it has gotten the complexity has gone way up for sure
um okay just have to fix this and it might be working this is what happened to your little
brother what um sorry what all right i think joe might be ready to go we'll find out together
i'm just a fan like the rest of you so let's set it down we gamed as hard as we could we
did really well we almost saved that kid but it gets away from me sometimes and if we had to
like arrest every doctor that killed a patient everyone would be dead because there'd be no
doctors left mom what hey brandon guess what what knock knock yeah who fuck you
oh shit i hit the wrong button the joe rogan experience this game really makes me want to
smoke where's my cigar that's for daddy the question is ever is well this work uh test
shit shit shit shit one second everyone just gotta make sure we're locked in i take
what we do here really seriously at the joe rogan experience
and i do as well no need for that transition yeah i don't like using all that ai stuff from
my podcast i mean i like using it on my podcast and i'm on the record is liking all ai stuff
but when it comes to me just trust that i'm only at most i'll ever be 50% ai
because i honestly it's important authenticity is important to me and i am joe rogan
that's a really good point i am also joe rogan so i think it's important to remember that honestly
oh what's that test test test why can't i hear anything oh because this isn't plugged in
sorry jamie's been eating a bunch of the cords as usual okay now we're locked in
and we should be set great okay anyway i'm joe rogan you can send me questions if you
want to talk to me joe rogan yeah exclamation point sees how you send questions to me joe
rogan and of course today i'm the guest of joe rogan yeah really lucky today that today
we're joined by joe rogan i've been spending the day staring at Celtic runes in an attempt
to increase my bicep girth and it does work i feel stronger than ever i've also been
increasing my ankle girth unrelated to anybody else on the stream doing that
by staring at uh chinese calligraphy i was told that staring at chinese calligraphy will be
be nice girthy ankles and i have been finding that to be highly effective it's really simple
stuff there's a lot of papers on there there's a lot of um really strong arguments in favor of
increasing girth by staring at the any language that isn't english because english isn't mystical
because it's the one we all speak yeah a language can't really be exotic and powerful if it's the one
that everyone on the planet speaks um it's all those languages that like aren't english and thus are
weird that give you powers yeah i've always been that's why i've always been in favor of like being
multilingual or like by curious or whatever because really that's the way to be spiritual
and to power up your thighs anyway bonzai wolf raga says isn't it sad joe had jd come in and
lie right to his face and he didn't do anything about it oh that's really an interesting point um
everybody is so obsessed with like oh like it's weird if when you hang out with people you expect
them to be honest all the time yeah it's just so dumb like who died and made you the guy that gets
to decide like what is good to have a sitting vice president say to you that's true like even
what you have to say is when you get these people in here they're chill and they're fun
and like it's not my job to ask world leaders questions that hold them to task and keep them
accountable like that's just not how you talk to people in real life and like the most important
thing about the joe about what we do here is that it's real is that it's real yet you can't be real
if you're like expecting people to be honest all the time it's just so exhausting do you think
brandon and jamie would get along well um i think they speak a similar language yeah they speak in the
hush wests or whispers of a thousand forgotten mummies for sure and i can't decode that type of
language i can't even look at it because it can't be written no the most the most demonic languages
can only be spoken and that's what jamie speaks and angelic languages have words that you can see
on walls and those are healing yeah words written down are healing the whispers of a thousand mummies
um unfortunately demonic and actually it'll shrink your ankles oh why does jamie not take
what you do at the studio seriously he in his own way he does yeah it's like asking if the guy
who invented laughy taffy takes his job seriously like he does but he's still invented laughy taffy
yeah and and with jamie it's more like what if a guy was laughy taffy does he take his job
seriously yeah if his job is to be gelatinous and to be consumed then then jamie is doing his
job both right and wrong because he both is gelatinous but he consumes if i start talking
about jamie too much i'm gonna start speaking in the language of the thousand forgotten mummies
and then i will become jamie he is going to cure him lately he is trying to absorb more and more
and um i think the only way to stop him is like when you're dealing with a gin you have to
pretend he doesn't exist hey joes will you ever have your personal guru slash shaman slash money
launderer matt lidell on the podcast open invitation would love to get arm on any launderer matt in
here i do i was watching Breaking Bad and i did think it'd be nice if you'd set it up with
set us up with something simple like a laundromat yet instead of you set us up with a um eureka's
castle themed pop-up um soup stand which i don't even really know it's not doing well yeah i don't
understand how you launder the money if no one comes to your your eureka's cast castle themed
pop-up soup stand it doesn't generate money are you laundering it well either way we've given them
about 20 million dollars of Spotify drug money uh did you watch the end of event going in seed
or is yesterday i thought if you i thought of you during the hospital scene i did hallucinate a lot
of that film i'm told because i described it to my shaman and he said hey that exists that's the
end of event gillian i said oh i just licked the toad and i saw that yeah i mean i really i
kept seeing a blue-haired woman like coming out of the sea and and i choked this hot redhead
i was not at all together like a dream i'm proud of but anyway i didn't see that stuff um see if
you can find maya in the void i've been there and she's there but she's also not so i'm not sure how
that's useful yeah i really are depend on what is and isn't in the void unfortunately are you helping
the army get their t levels up i think so that is i was told by the cia that this is a um uh
the a sigh slop or something yeah we're selling slices of sloppy sloppy sigh that's meant to be
high tea or something i don't know it's either way it's supposed to make men more men according to
cia yeah that's a really good point joe uh do you think you should become the next president joe
isn't there already a joe president yeah and i didn't really appreciate the last joe president so i
do like i would but i feel like maybe we've had too many joe presidents yeah and i like we need
to have like a tyler president probably and maybe like a jacob has there been a president jacob
or tyler i think there was a a typical new president and maybe a tyler too but i'm not i
can't remember i don't know all 40 is over 40 presidents that's crazy that is honestly too many
i like we should stop to 30 like that's too many to count up to yeah you can't like our brains
are tribal we're not designed to know more than 10 names and yet they expect us to know the names
of at least 40 presidents like this is not gonna happen joe how many hieroglyphs would case black
will need to eat to cure his maladies and it's a good point not enough people try to eat the hieroglyphs
because it's hard to scrape them off the wall with your teeth and i've bitten to a lot of pyramid
walls to try to get the healing properties of the hieroglyph into my mouth but mostly i just
chip my teeth unless i've been staring at the hieroglyph long enough in which case i can
devour pure stone like the bad guy from the snow level of one piece i love the
chapters of one piece that were set in the snow level with the guy who can eat whatever
anyway a hieroglyphs can give you that power and then if you eat the hieroglyphs you do get stronger
we have to stare at them for quite a while or your teeth will chip how many army men does it take
to clean your teeth and kill your pre-cancer we have lost about a full platoon inside of
trumps ventricular system yeah we did sense that we sent in a full medical battalion
in the trumps body and i shouldn't be talking about this oh shoot i was still about to
talk about that sorry we're going to move on can gutters chicken skin soup help with a
blow note ankle on a super tall fake chinese man from virginia uh that's a really great question
their subscription models are second to none honestly there's enough wet food that you'll
never need to buy a pool again yeah it's a pool in a bag and that's one of my favorite slogans
of theirs but the medicinal properties aren't the same as like um a sensory deprivation chamber
even though you'll feel like you were in one every time you bite into one of their wet
sandwiches so like unless you're ordering medical grades uh gutters which most people don't have
access to i'm gonna say no really well put and i followed everything you said joe jay joe i'm confused
about how much to love trump because you said he's great then maybe he's bad and then you advance on
your show you're so cool what's the deal that is a good point i am very cool and i did have him
here and all of those things do add up we're just people are working on the math currently of
how we do some of our best minds doing the math on how i'm still cool and weirdly the equation has
been solved and i am the other thing that you have to remember is that uh jade vance is a fun guy who
everyone likes not enough people talk about that like he is people have this misconception
about jade vance that everyone thinks he sucks ass he's he's a horrible embarrassment he makes
your skin crawl just from looking at him he seems like an absolute parasite like some kind of bug
creature that crawled out from under the shoe of national politics but what people forget is that
he's actually really relatable and fun and i and i do think it's important that we say that
do you guys ever uh yeah absolutely oh and me too as well you've gotta if you both stare at the
hieroglyphs for long enough will you merge back together to be healed as the substance style
monster joe we did fuse recently and in the hopes of gogi doing or vegetoing or whichever
version of the of you know the thing is when two joe rogan's combine and i'm joe rogan as well
yeah and that's and i'm joe rogan and i'm also joe rogan so when we combine we actually just
are still joe rogan and we found that when we combined we were actually in this room and
we were once again separate it was confusing that when we consumed each other we were then
once again back in this room talking to each other i really thought we might fuse together
and our power levels would combine exponentially and we could defeat broly joe rogan but it
turns out we were also broly joe rogan yeah the lore that got really confusing so we just kind of
gave up and started talking again hey uh why the hell aren't mainstream doctors using ivermectin for
cyclospora infections big taco balfarma collision yeah that's a really great question i have um
the thing is ivermectin does make you shit out of your pores that is one of the things i've
noticed about ivermectin that i hadn't really talked about before is that it does make you
have diarrhea out of any open hole on your body and it turns out on a microscopic level
your body is all holes so you start leaking everything out of yourself um sort of like
the trailer for um clayface but if it was just squirting diarrhea out of your whole body
so anyway the problem is it's like crossing the streams and ghostbusters when you take
a thing that gives you diarrhea while having a thing that gives you diarrhea you'd become
just basically all diarrhea all diarrhea what sorry i don't fall up there how do you harvest
eye wings from biblically accurate angels oh i have always wanted to get the eyes out of the
angels from like the biblically accurate um drawings of them i wanted to scrape them out
like the hieroglyphics that i bite with my teeth after staring at hieroglyphics and the answer
is uh you stare at hieroglyphics long enough it sharpens your teeth and then like the guy from
the snow level of one piece you can eat whatever including angel eyes really good point not enough
people think about how you can eat angels eyes even if you're viewing them on paper as long as
you have the fruit that lets you eat whatever how do you oh that's already oh uh can you
omega versus kevin night at awd redemption redemption who you got well omega is a symbol
is actually i believe from the greek and or chinese alphabet i can never get those two
straight but it's from one of those so anyway if you look at an omega long enough it will power you
up and if it's in your name i'm assuming you're looking at it all the time so probably him
is a knight a symbol oh that's a really good point i guess we're kind of getting into
abstract symbology there because a knight is a symbol of various things to people but is
it a symbolic figure i guess have you draw a picture of a knight are there any hieroglyphs
that are knights what about the game sega knights or whatever great point i hadn't even
thought of it that way before you really truly are the most joe but also there is that other joe
if only one of you could survive which one should it be i'm at look i love you joe so i'm gonna i
want you to live and the thing is joe i love you too and i um i actually discovered that it's
important to love joe rogan while um tripping on iowaska uh in a sensory deprivation tank uh inside
of denny's anyway the point is i want joe to live and i also want joe to live so i'm gonna say joe
lives and i i'm right back at you i'm gonna say joe lives yo joe if putin was on an episode
of fear factor where they had to eat animal dicks by how much would he dominate the other
competitors he is i mean you say what you will about him but he's he's got a real force of will
and i think if if he puts his mind to it he could probably eat more than pretty much anybody
you can really always tell like the not all athletes are active but all athletes are athletes
and uh even an inactive latin mere putin with i think just a little bit of prep time could
probably devour like a couple tons of moose penis and i wouldn't even challenge him to it
because i'd be afraid to see him do it have you ever considered using the twitch calling feature
to get calls from the audience i don't know whatever i open this curtain behind me um there's just
infinite darkness that screams at me without words and i don't know if you can run a landline through
that you'd have to ask jamie and um i feel like you'll sort of end up stringing us up with
phone cords like from the movie hall raiser when they split that guy apart at the end
but with phone cords yeah i do feel like if we ask jamie to do anything with phone cords he
will trap us in the cards and rend our flesh so i don't know but at the end of your question
we're looking into it joe now that you are part of the deep state do you still hate the deep
say i'm a hundred percent against the deep say i will be talking to a ca agent about it i believe
on tuesday i think we're really going to get to the bottom where this deep state is yeah uh
professor uh delta hail the burden is coming on on tuesday and i do think he's got he's really
used a really interesting paper recently on um conspiracy theories how they're real and his
time at the cia investigating them and i'm excited to hear he has to say should case take an ice
bath to heal his ankle just an easy yes hey joe what is your favorite flavor of crayon
ooh a pest um probably um aspartame oh i love the aspartame flavored crayons what madison should
case take for his ankle probably the aspartame flavored crayons uh that's a really good point
joe hadn't thought of it that way before who's your favorite character from blue mountain state
oh i love the mountain personally for me i'm all about the state joe who would you let joe hold
it would you let joe hold it while you pee and what about you joe would you let joe hold it
while you pee i actually think it's gay to hold your own penis while you pee and look i'm not against
if you are gay more power to you you can hold it while you pee but i do think the more masculine
way is to hike up your shirt all the way up to your shoulders while standing at a toilet
obviously you've dropped your pants all the way to the around your ankles and then you hike
your polo shirt all the way up to your shoulders and then you go and then you do this while
you pee by me i'm peeing not me i'm peeing all by myself that's the masculine way to do it
i'm not a people forget that that's how cavemen peed but uh society trains us not to do it that
way do you remember your jack-in-the-box jibbies after you open the blind bag uh yes absolutely
do we still have the proto rogans footed where fiona played second joe what do you mean
me i uh
great question okay that's everything for the day great job joe you did it again
um and i do believe that's all the time we have yeah apparently it's time for some guy to
scream at you and say that it's music i don't really know what that means but um some voice
whispered into my head i had to say that now and i don't know from once it came
anyway it's music time uh shoot we gotta go get dj music
we gotta go find this music guy somewhere one second where'd this guy go
a check check check don't worry i'm gonna go get him in just a second i just have to do a
little tech troubleshooting because i can't hear anything again it's been a theme on this stream
a test test test hello hello hello hello hello there it is okay ah that's better
okay let me just go find dj music he's somewhere under this desk you know we haven't called on him
in a while so he's been a little squirrely oh i think i can see him kind of bubbling up right now
i'm locked in there we go
yes yes yes all right
hello oh turn this music down turn my headphones away up
yeah oh baby i'm extremely blue haired out i'm ready to infuriate conservative commentators
in 2016 with my beautiful hey what is the news case was too afraid to click on
because that's what we do here lest we ever forget
we sing the news that's supposedly but literally what we do
god my voice sounds beautiful totally natural let's see one second all right
man it has been too long oh my shit is off
oh what happened to it all there we go
yes uh i'm modeling out uh scout linked to epsi and found dead in paris um now that's
too that sounds less fun oh this is a sad story this is the type of thing we hate to see y'all
but we'll talk about it we need something moving and sad historically this stream
fears stories about sex and penises that's true but we've introduced a new fear today
as a michelin star restaurant faces jail for using ants as a dessert garden
damn i was so into you i took my girl out for a finite at a restaurant in korea
i couldn't believe it to my surprise i asked for chocolate sauce but all i got was ants in my eyes
i can't believe they fed my girl ants down in korea i thought they kind of did that shit in
france but not in south korea and now i'm so furious that i've called over the waiter
but the waiter's also in man what the fuck's going on in this restaurant man damn
that's my personal experience but the story actually says ants are not among the 10
insect species approved for human consumption under the country's laws the approved list
includes grasshoppers locusts and two spotted crickets among others but do you know what's
legal at the restaurant i'm talking love love is the only ingredient that should be legal for
consumption in any country the only ingredient that you need is love and to prove that fact to us
joining us all the way from somewhere in the ground we've got a very special guest for y'all
you won't believe it you won't believe the guest that we got it's an ant eater
we got an ant eater coming in man he's gonna tell us how he eats ants and if it's okay for humans
to do that spoiler i don't think it really is but let's see how these ant eaters live
we got an ant eater damn you know what's fucked up man i'm not an ant eater i'm a goddamn elephant
facts what the fuck did you what the hell was that oh that's me when i go that's me when i go super
saying what you thought i was an ant eater uh that's what i've tried to book not available
but i guess i can give you my perspective on eating ants from an elephant type perspective
i don't really uh it seems like a lot of layers i was kind of hoping i could get somebody that
just more directly eats ants maybe get their opinion on it well then look you got who you got
all right you want me to sing about africa i can do that definitely i would prefer you don't do that
all right you know what the thing about being an elephant is versus being an ant not really
we're really big everything about that um yeah that's visually apparent
but that doesn't mean that you can't that that love can't exist between an elephant and an ant
that's incredibly beautiful that's incredibly beautiful and moving
um actually it inspires me
yo yo
yes hey what where my ants at where my ants at i'm an elephant but i got a couple facts
where my ants are from the front to the back i'm an elephant yeah you know i'm so stacked
but here's a fucking nasty elephant fact in fact we are turned on by fucking ants
they're so small and they got so many legs i want to see them with a bunch of socks please
don't make me beg you don't understand yeah i know that it's wrong but i want a fucking ant
even though they're not as long as the tip of my dick but can you imagine this
a massive elephant prick and a colony of ants can you guess the stitch i'm fucking ants now
and i'm going down to the fucking ground take the ground of pound town yeah i fucked a whole
colony in one smooth move they said we love an elephant can you give me a dude i said listen
up ants it's a million twi that's what happens when i fuck all of y'all because i stomp
through the jungles and i give no fucks and these ants look at me and they don't know what's up
i'm fucking ants that's what we talked about today and traditionally this is the end of the
stream so i guess we'll save the streets for tomorrow mostly cuz case has to go i'm sorry
i don't mean for the stream to stop but here in los angeles it's about seven o'clock and the thing
about that is that we gotta eat and not fuck some ants cuz that thing was a freak that that's okay
it's all love if you're gonna fuck elephants at least use a glove i'm assuming that you can't
i honestly don't know how that elephant would even really do that i mean damn all right thanks so
much let's find someone to raid we about to settle off into the good night of valet shade let's see
dr dig itty i think today that's gonna be the raid for little old me all right
yeah you can't they won't even have enough lights out there to do the streets
it's late in i'm assuming uh new york where is he supposed to be canonically i don't even know
all right yes i guess it must have been faded but that's another stream and you know that the
raid's been created so we're gonna send you out right now cuz we can't thank you so much
for watching the streams my man's we've got live and sleazy that's a master my great thursday stream
giggle trash on god thank you all so much propaganda coming through and shout out to
wabashiba inus from greg to you that's it bye bye selling off again into that la sky looks like
i wear a different coat depending on the shop but it don't matter what i'm wearing cuz the shit's
so hot bye bye we're gonna hit this right off right now thank you so much for watching we'll
be back on tomorrow somewhere between three and five you know how it is schedules are the time
is an illusion okay bye bye can rap about fucking ants and nobody can stop me just kidding maybe