The double live. I love it when I hit that button too fast. Good to see you all
Push this camera away from me. It's too early to be up in my face like this. It's noon
It's 12 30
Good to see everybody. I'm streaming on so many platforms now. I assume the views just they can't help but roll in
if I'm on
Every single not bring it back in if I'm on every single platform, you know good to see you all Travis gogg junk dog
gearless nomad
Gearless Joe Kendall's here
Guys tomorrow. I've convinced Kendall to do the Thanksgiving
Macy's Day parade stream with me. How long can we do it before we get a copyright violation and I get kicked off?
No, but we were streaming an old one. I think we did one for me
Tam Tran, thank you so much
Well, what oh that I need I guys I could be live streaming on tiktok right now
I've congratulations. I've received a hundred messages today
I say this I could be streaming on tiktok right now
But I can't because I'm not popular enough. You need a thousand followers
I guess the other option would be to just the only option really would be to start posting things on tiktok
So maybe
Sorry clip-able things
tiktokable things
Aka probably nothing. I'm currently making. I guess I could put some thought into it
Need to be funny on tiktok
Okay
Look how confusing this activity feed is now. I don't I just don't get it. I have to go back to my twitch
Dashboard to even tell what's happening
Thank you so much Tam Tran
For blasting me with five subs right off right out of the gate. That's crazy as always the oh the hype train is already going
I haven't checked in with a hype train in a while. You know, I'm live
Also on on Twitter, which I know which I still always call Twitter so that I can say
The platform currently known as X. I
Don't think anybody's watching there, but if they do I'm assuming this is just extra confused
It'll be extra confusing
when the hype train
Shows up if it if it does maybe it's
Maybe it's busy today. We could hope that maybe the hype train is busy today. I'm not busy. I'm right here
I'm really not busy. I got no plans. Oh
My god, thanksgiving has come early
Just like chat yesterday. Whoa, thanksgiving come in early and hard
Do I love to see it, you know, you know that I do I
Also love to have a
Where is it?
Where is it?
Nope, that's wrong
Damn it. I lost my hype train music
That's unacceptable
This is unacceptable. What's happened? It's too quiet now. I guess it really is gone
Sorry everybody
The hype train is feeling so sad
That I lost its music
GG is prematurely
Gratitude elated. Yeah, but I'm fine with it. Okay. Here we go. This is what I needed. That's a train noise
You always play the shitty truncated version of my incredible jam that I made my original music
You did not make this
This is the Quad City DJs who famously made this track
Fucked up that you would take credit. I
Can't help it
And I am excellent. Oh
Yeah, good to see everybody
Now I talk about
Maximize the productivity by
Eliminating your dependence on serotonin jumps
Listen, your brain has been hijacked by content and I'm here to break the cycle. Just watch me and then read a book
Look, it's unaheoffy our content addiction and I'm here to speak against it. You're here to speak against it hype train. Yeah
The YouTube algorithm and the tiktok algorithm and the even the Instagram and Facebook algorithms of hijacked your brain
And you're getting a little too little drops of serotonin and it's unhealthy. It's unhealthy
You know, this is like Candace Owens
Suddenly being on the side of the palace side, you know, sometimes this is hard to get
It's hard to it's hard to listen to certain messengers. Okay
Fuck that man. I'm trying to help people out here. I'm trying to make a difference. I'm trying to change the world
And I you chit chat
And I
That's how you really feel hype train
Who would know better than the hype train? That's a good point
That is a good that's of course a good point from shape shifter as always
I think it's just that the hype train's at level um, I can't even see what level it's at
Maybe it's done. Did it complete?
Have you completed it completed at level two
You're not even you're not even supposed to be a thing hype train your music. I'm cutting you off. You've already completed
I'm complete
I've done it
I have to come home
And now I'm asleep. Sorry. I think it's sleeping with its eyes open
That's not a normal way to snore
I
Good night everybody. Okay. I'm we're done with the hype train for the day. We're done with it. We need to cover the news
This is a news show
Thank you all so much for the subs
I didn't even thank them as they came in because I was so confused by the hype train
So now I got to read them off a huge thank you
Of course to dr. Cool to be grendel both dropping 13 months guys
Now we're past the year mark dr. Cool 13 months. They're from day one
CV loves you, of course
Showering us with us with an insane amount of subs
Never let it be forgotten our top underwriter cb. Loves you filed closely by the incredible tamtran
And no disrespect to entedaddy street mariner. I worship shadow, of course
And huey keeler. Thank you for the 23
little bitties
Those sweet bitties that I love to get
Based on who's empowering the news is also reading the old
It would be nice. I just want some I want tiktok hot boys to be in power. I'm sick of all these old guys
I want some like young dudes
just uh
Doing like face acting the little text under them and that's how they do. Um, that's how they do like national speeches
Dang y'all the world is so fucked up right now. It's just a guy over it like
And that's our president
You only had 23 bits and a few to pays the premium to buy more. Don't do it. I agree huey
No one is required to spend money
We do this for the love of the game and also so I can have way too many graphics everywhere
But don't feel any pressure
Um
Who else was I think? Oh, yeah be grendel
The propaganda and to daddy, of course three community subs. That's crazy
dank sauce
Beautiful storm burn cv. Loves you tamtrance setting it off
Ungee also with the 12 months a whole year of ungee 123
You gotta you do love to see that and to daddy during the pre-show
As well as giggle trash and microphone 900 dropping some customary bits
too kind
Too kind it's too nice
Excuse me
Anyway, I guess let's do some news
Now that I've been on for 20 minutes. I guess
I guess I'll do some news
Joining me to talk about some kind of news. Uh, let's uh, let's get jeff in here. Come on jeff join me
I already I was right next to you
I was sitting right next to you you look washed out by the way and I look
Whoa, we're going to the movies
Let me discuss whatever important news story case has queued up for me and then we'll get straight to the movies
I'm sure case wouldn't hit me with some absolutely trashy pointless story to waste everyone's time
Now that he's on so many platforms
I'm sure he's got only important things to say
And today's top story raunchy elka. Excuse me
Raunchy alcohol field taco bell party includes open sex lawsuit claims
Really so many things going on in the world
So many
Important. Well, yeah, but what about the taco bell sex party?
You're not curious
Obviously, I'm a little curious
But but fine fine, you know, I don't
I don't make the news. I read the news
Perfectly without errors. Will you slap yourself all the time for making errors?
And that's part of perfection is punishment
I'd also like to say hello to everyone. I'm jeff ripple. I happen to be
your lead news mouth
It's actually senior news mouth. Don't correct me. That's for me to do
Oh
Did anyone else get this uh, everyone else else? He's
I
Bit my tongue
Did anyone else see snoop dog saying gave up smoke was just virtual marketing for his solo stove ad campaign?
I did see that
Snoop dog stove campaign. Let's take it. Let's take a look at the pic
In fact, we can even take a look at the vid snoop dog reveals giving up smoke was an ad campaign
For a damn fire pit. Here is the ad subscribe to blucks for more
Enjoy blucks. What the fuck is an announcement? I'm giving up smoke
I know what you think it snoop smoke is kind of your whole thing
But i'm done with it done with the cough. I can't believe you played us like this. I'm going smokeless
Solo stove fixed fire. Anyway, you get you get the idea. I don't really feel like playing the entire ad
Oh really?
You don't want to see the whole
smokeless stove ad
I guess i'll watch it on my own time
Is crossover with decontag tournament was better. I don't i'm unfamiliar. You missed out
Snoop dog has some of the best co-promotional
Personality driven uh ad activations out there and I've said that for years
Snoop dog has some of the best cross promotional personality driven ad activations out there
Some opinions I won't go back on
Okay, can we at this point? I would rather talk about taco bell orges than snoop dogs commercials
All right, that's very i'm curious
All right a former los angeles area taco bell employee is suing the company and a franchise owner after she claims a christmas party at the
After she claims a christmas party. I didn't mess up. It's got confused
Uh a christmas party at the fast food restaurant descended into a drunken mess that included open sex
Were you there?
Why would I be at a random taco bell sex party?
Just for how you look
Just sort of this whole
just this
Seems like sort of your scene. I just wasn't invited
I'm also not surprised by that
Alana Beck Beckham filed her lawsuit beach him
This is why we need to we need to let me know before we go live how the names are pronounced
Alana beachham filed her lawsuit last week in los angeles superior court in the suit
She alleges that her supervisor invited her december 18th 2022
The party was then to a party at the san Pedro taco bell at which she worked
She was encouraged to bring food for a potluck style buffet and her contribution was a bowl of guacamole
Okay, so first seems fine
All right so far once she arrived beach him discovered that her supervisor covered the windows to the restaurant with wrapping paper
And also covered the cameras for the lobby in the inside of the restaurant
According to the complaint says the new york post who i trust
Well, probably if it comes to a trashy story about sex. I do trust the new york post
San Pedro taco bells go hard apparently
So far, I mean we're off to if you walk up to a taco bell party and all the windows are covered
I mean think of the smell of a normal taco bell
What's this? What wondrous sense await you inside?
You have to be invited to find out
She was at a minimum wage eyes wide shut
That could potentially be more fun than the super expensive one
Not so many rules, you know, everybody really just slapping skin the old american way
What kind of parties have you been to?
American ones around midnight after beach him had stepped outside for a short time
She walked back into the restaurant and saw a coworker quote
Having sex with his wife in front of everyone at the party
troubling
I'm not sure
I mean definitely I
I'd have to say at the average job I had I I really wouldn't want to see my manager have sex
It is kind of like pics, please situation. Well, I mean she sounds like she's pretty comfortable with it regardless
Well, it is Christmas. Okay, well, we'll keep going and see the co-worker's wife beach him claimed was also kissing her female manager
And another female co-worker at the same time
That's what upset her there's just straight fucking going on and you're like and they're kissing
Radium v coming in breaking news radium v just inflated our ratings with four viewers
Why why do you phrase it like that? Well, this seems accurate
Thank you radium v for
Inflating our ratings. Yeah, thank you. Okay shocked disgusted and outraged beach him alleges that she first ran out of the restaurant
But then went back inside to retrieve her guacamole bowl
Only to find that her manager and the other co-worker involved in the sexual encounter were vomiting
Okay, I'm kind of confused about the about the timeline here now
so
She sees them kissing and fucking and kissing in that order. She notices the sex
She notices the kissing and she's outraged
That's covered
So then she must leave
Oh, she ran out of the restaurant. Yeah, she ran out
How dare they fucking attack obel as if they're the first
She's like shoot. I spent a lot of time on that guac
Storm is back in
Boom, they're vomiting mid-coitus. Well, we're not sure if it's mid-coitus. There's no tell
Sources have not yet confirmed that the vomiting occurred mid-coitus. That's a good point
I got ahead of myself. I'd like to issue a retraction
Look, all of us can make mistakes and I said that the couple was vomiting mid-coitus
That is not confirmed at this time and I would like to respectfully apologize to everyone involved
It's possible. They stopped having sex in the taco bell
For a vomit break before potentially returning to sex also unconfirmed
I'm jev ripple. We all make mistakes and I'm sorry
How's that really honestly very nice, jeff?
Thank you. I'd like to be accurate in my reporting
Okay, one threw up in the trash while the other vomited in her guacamole bowl. Oh according to the complaint
So sources allege that the vomiting occurred into the guacamole bowl
That's yep
And that's just brutal
Not only do you have to see your manager and some of your closest work buddies
Have an absolute make-up party that also involves hardcore sex
Boom vomiting straight into the goal into the guac
In in the defense of the vomitor if you are drunk enough guacamole does look like a bowl already filled with vomit. So
You're just like well, this is the spot for it
There's no telling how drunk they were though. Well, probably pretty drunk. They're they're vomiting
And so daddy, thank you so much
As we cover this important story
Bringing you only the most essential news here at barely informed news
Yeah, so they were puking because they were too drunk or it was because they sobered up enough to realize
They were participating in an orgy at a taco bell
It is true that if you snap back into
baseline consciousness and find yourself having sex in a taco bell
Really the only human response is to immediately vomit hands on what?
Your kinks
I hadn't considered that
Okay, respect if that's your kink
Again, we never kink shame here
And I mean, what else are you gonna have a more moral time?
Or what else is it morally permissible?
If it ever is to fucking a taco bell then when all the windows and cameras are covered
It's almost a victimless crime if people weren't gonna eat there the next day
If only people weren't going to eat there the next day
There'd almost be nothing to be upset about except maybe at yourself
Anywho beacham says she reported the incident to taco bell human resources and alvarado restaurant group the colorado based franchise
The manager and the coworkers involved in the sexual encounter were fired her complaint states
Hmm
Is that a miscarriage of justice?
the firing
Isn't that a violation of
free
Is is free fucking also an amendment or just speech
I think just speech
dang
Reverie wolf barely informed for 13 months
Congratulations, and thank you for continuing to lightly dousing your brain in the bare minimum of news
The 69th amendment I've long been in support of the 69th amendment
I think we've just got to make a bunch more amendments to get there
And I'm in support of really making up whatever we want just to get to 69 so we can finally introduce the free use amendment
I think that's a that's a more specific genre than just being able to fuck wherever you want
Free use free use of your body to fuck where you will the free use amendment
I don't think you're saying what you think. I don't think you're I think that means what you think it does
What's it mean?
Just google it
After work
Okay
Taco Bell and the franchise did nothing about these threats and instead told her that they were transferring her to a new location
Rather than discipline disciplining the employees who threatened her according to her complaint
Beach him eventually quit and alleges that she suffered actual consequential and incidental financial losses
In I mean not just a spoiled guacamole
Potentially lost wages and the Taco Bell violated anti-discrimination laws the new york post reports
KTLA reached out to Taco Bell and the alvarado restaurant group for comment
While we don't own or manage this location the franchise who owns and operates this restaurant was shared
Has shared that they take these claims very seriously a Taco Bell spokesperson said that wasn't me that was them
That's that's always clear
No clocks in tv. They don't want you to know how long you've been there just like a casino
They really need to make Taco Bell's casino sized so you get lost in the voluminous
innards of the Taco Bell
What time is it? What day is it? I don't know all I know is I need a dorito taco supreme with sour cream
That would be my business advice
Now that's adult entertainment
What is more adult than participating in probably let's be real probably a middle-aged orgy
Who an expert?
What are you doing?
This is licking the satellite
Is he like
Okay, you can get married you can get married in a taco bell in vegas
Might as well be a brothel. Hmm interesting point propaganda
Could a taco bell legally be a brothel in the state of navada. I think that's got to be a violation of
Some kind of fda rule can your brothel also be a fast food restaurant
Maybe if they're
In separate buildings, can you serve food in a brothel in navada?
I don't probably as long as if you eat first
Hmm
That's a smart law. Listen, you can buy food here
What only if you eat first and you have to wash your hands after I'd rather eat after for the sake of the ladies
Oh, mr. Thoughtful. Well, I just mean you don't want like
You don't like burrito fingers
That's not good for anybody
The pink taco bell. Is that a thing? I don't know
All I know is that this poor woman was both scarred mentally and financially by her
Disrespectful manager absolutely going to town on their wife with the help of the entire staff in the middle of a completely blacked out taco bell
Is that wrong? Well, if that's wrong
It is it is wrong. It sounds like a pretty unsavory situation. No kink shaming. Okay. No kink shaming
However, it doesn't sound like all parties were we're super consenting to the vibe. So it's a little you know, you generally you don't want to force your your um
Employees to watch you fuck your wife. That's a no-no. Jeff. That's a no-no
I just for future reference. These are the things I'd like I like to know
If we ever get interns Jeff that is obviously a no-no
Then how will you know if they're loyal interesting point?
a loyal to what
Well, you know, you make eye contact with them during and you're like
Tell me I'm doing a good job. Okay, Jeff. This is too fucked up. Okay. I'm just I'm just throwing out scenarios here
All I'm doing is throwing out scenarios here
I don't know how they did things in Cincinnati, Jeff, but no forced viewing of you fucking your wife. Okay
Fine. I'm also not married. What? Oh, yeah
Anywho, um
Oh, I get to try my new I get to try my new catchphrase
Uh, that's been the news
And the bin
Is now full. I don't think that was it
Shit
Uh, well, okay. Look, I did I did the news and I'm Jeff Ripple. That's so can you just get me a writer?
No, I don't have time to write you stuff
fine, um
If you throw a pebble in a bin full of water
It will ripple
However, imagine that water in this instance is news
And and the bin has been filled with me
Jeff Ripple ended the waters rippling from the story. I'm Jeff Ripple
Not great, but fine. Oh fuck. I tried my best. I mean, what do you want from me, man?
I can't do excellence every time he's out of here. I cut his mic
You've been ripped is a lot better
I have to be able to remember that one. You've been ripped
The news just got you ripped. I'm Jeff Ripple
That's fine. Jeff. Yeah, you can do that
But my name's Ripple not ripped. I don't know man. Somebody already gave you a good one and you forgot it immediately
Damn it
I'll get it someday
Okay. Well, look, we have a call for an expert and we have to go to the movies
Can we interview an avocado on this story specifically about the guacamole? That is true really lost in the shuffle here
Is how the avocado felt about the whole situation. That's true that poor avocado not only had to witness
a raucous orgy it was then
Someone relieved the contents of their insides and not from the fun part into the bowl
Who knows how that would make you feel if you were just a poor vegetable
Currently vastly overpriced by demand
Yeah, who knows? All right. Well, I'll talk to an avocado
Let's see if I can get an avocado on the line
um
Fiona's dog, could you pull up an avocado?
An avocado for me to talk to?
Okay
I beat up a little dog with paws. So I don't really even
I don't even really know what that means, but what just happened?
I guess you got a hold of them
Joining me now
Joining me now, uh
It's an avocado. It's not easy to be able to be an avocado right now
It's bad enough that we get pitted and split and mushed up
You know
it's like
It's like is there anything humans won't make us watch?
It will is there anything that that you won't put us through? I'm so sorry avocado. I I can imagine that it's it is rough to be
a vegetable that's consumed by us
I'm just disgusting the way
You you fornicate right in front of us
Sweaty human bodies just slapping together while I'm sitting in a ball just getting
dirtier and dirtier
rotting
It's so gross
Yeah, I'm sorry to hear that avocado
Because that bothers you
It's so nasty
It makes me sick to see the way that the bodies arrived
I feel like I'm just gonna burst watching it
Oh my god, I'm already all mushed up and now you're getting you're getting you're making it even nastier
And I'm I'm rotting by the minute because I'm just out in the air
Bully exposed all my insides all fully Jesus christ avocado. Okay. Look. I'm I'm on your side
but
I don't know how x-rated we can get
We're on youtube also now
Sorry, I'll try to keep it youtube rated as I discuss my trauma
I'm not no, it's fine not trying to belittle you for having a traumatic experience
I'm sorry. That sounds rough to be forced to watch a taco bell manager and an entire staff
Just ball the fuck out in the in the middle of a taco bell. That sounds just legitimately disgusting
Just despicable and so nasty
One of the assholes I felt theestest most disgusting fucking things you could do
Anyway, I've already been split
So I'm gonna go bad soon if I don't get mashed up just putting that out there
You want to get mashed up? I it'd be so nasty if you mashed me up
I came down there and you took out my pit and you mushed me up
Um, okay. Well, I think thank you for your um, thank you for your insight in this difficult time
And I'm so sorry that you had to go through anything you you didn't want
To yeah
Okay, uh, thank you for being here avocado. Thanks and have me back anytime
You probably want to if you're gonna have to be back have me back within 24 hours because I'll be disgusting by
by within 20 minutes
unrecognizably
Thanks for having me. It's a pleasure to be here. I should have known it would be horny
Who am I kidding that I would have anything on this?
Network that isn't horny
Because secretly the horniest one of all is peter. It's actually peter. It's uh, definitely him. Yeah, it's me
Also
crag
whoa
anyway
We got to go to the movies
It's movie time. It's not Thursday tomorrow's thursday
We're gonna be watching the macy's day parade by the way pretty early if you're on the west coast
I think I got to go live at like eight to even catch half of the parade live
Maybe we'll double back to the beginning if there's time
Uh, but we'll see
I might maybe I'll have to watch it from the beginning. So I'm not watching it live
I don't know if watching it live will get me like booted
We'll figure it out together
But kendall and I and possibly a special guest will be watching the macy's day parade tomorrow
Uh
Pitch it down
demonic parade
Just do all my coverage like this
The bark simpson float is looking particularly rotund this year
I've never seen it so fully stuffed with gas
I could do it like that
Icarim
Icarim
This stream is getting too horny. I'm sorry everyone. It's just it's wednesday
The sexiest day of the week
Let's set it to the movies
I need to I need to take a minute
D horny this stream
After that avocado showed up. It was just too much for me
And uh, honestly, I blame fiona's dog for getting that particular avocado
I had to get the avocado on like two seconds notice
But also I want to be a good boy. So I want oopsie
And that's why we love fiona's dog
It's it's a very they're very easy to control. You're very easy to control fiona's dog. Yeah, I know. I'm a dog
What do you want a pat on the back for being able to control a dog?
pathetic much damn
Earned my ass. All right. Let's send it over to
Trent
Who is of course standing by at the movies. Uh, he's gonna watch some trailers
It's part of his community service for throwing firecrackers at a 7-eleven attendant. So his um
parole officer is also there his uh, youth counselor sort of parole officer
You guys know it totally makes sense. I don't even know why I explain every time because it's so obvious
Anyway, it's time for Trent at the movies. Hell, yes
Getting my fucking licks in early for once throw it to me right away start the stream with me. I'm fucking Trent
I'm at the movies. I'm kind of balling out so hard. I got my own theater
Also, chris is here young blood. That's thanks for the intro
Respect. Yeah, what did I do that's disrespectful? I was just saying respect
Because it's a word. I like young blood. I'm chris. I'm a transfer role officer legally obligated to be here
And I don't worry
I ain't gonna interrupt too much you interrupt every five seconds. Well young blood
I'm just here to offer you constant. We get it
I get it
Look, I'm at the fucking movies. I'm watching trailers
Which is basically like the cliff notes of movies
And like from what I've learned from a lot of youtube things about maximizing your time
Is that anywhere you can fucking remove seconds out of the out of the day where you're just fucking wasting time
That's what we call like maximizing your earning potential
So basically you probably should be paying my ass because i'm about to save you money by showing you these incredibly truncated films
That really capture the whole thing. They're meant to promote the movie young blood. You're supposed to still watch the movie
I don't understand how you still don't understand that concept and look who's interrupting
You're just so old old man. You don't get the modern movie making landscape
Where you have to make a whole movie just to make a trailer, which is the real thing we all want to watch
That's fine. Can we just have fun? Have fun young blood and respect. Oh, okay
Look, I've got a dream and that dream is a team
And that dream
Is a sonic dream team
You know, you know what I'm what i'm trying to say is there's a sonic dream team trailer
I don't know what that means and I am highly curious. So I'm like a naturally curious person
So I think we should watch it right now
Damn, this is like a dream already
Oh my god, there's a
bunny furry in my dream
What the hell? Oh my god eggman so huge. What the hell happened to eggman?
Why is he a kaiju?
Is this a show game?
A dream
Hopefully the trailer will let us know
Holy yeah, I've got so many arms. What the hell?
Forget about it. I do get that's a reference to um
Some reference to that movie where uh kevin heart plays a bunny. I think I still don't really know what
This is a trailer for
I think maybe this just exists on its own merits, which again is the point of trailers
sonic dream team
Only okay, it's a mobile game. Yeah, it's a mobile game
Where you fight a
octopus egg man
Aka robot to nick
I mean, yeah, I guess it's a mobile game
Sonic let's see if we can find some gameplay young
Sonic dream team gameplay
Is that a thing?
Okay, here's some gameplay for a little more context everybody and that's courtesy. That's courtesy your old man chris
Never say I didn't do nothing for you. I do say that though. That is a thing. I love to say
All right
Good morning
Okay
I mean that looks like a sonic game
I can't tell if it's like one of those running maze games where you're kind of just making sonic go left or right
Or if it's more of a traditional 3d sonic
But that's part of the mysterious allure of a sonic trailer is like you don't even know
What kind of game it is kind of well look like there was some 3d movement in there
I don't know
either
Well, thanks chris. Thanks for that analysis. How was that you gave the same analysis? Well, that's what I already gave that analysis
This looks so fucking it's a crime. It's stuck on phones
If you like sonic well snow sonic it's a quote
A very reasonable blizzard employee. What do you guys not have phones?
I want to get that shit on a t-shirt because that was fucking baller when that guy said that all these
Did you ever see that clip chris? I don't know what you're talking about young look
There's all these fucking diablo fans and they're like so excited to see this game to see the next game
And then they get on stage and they're like they're like, yo
Fuck all y'all there's only gonna be game on your phone
And they're all so pissed and then to call them down is like
What y'all don't have phones even though he like knows exactly why they're pissed that shit was fucking epic
And out that is like an all-time moment for me. I mean that sounds kind of mean spirited, but
Fine nice. All right
Bunhofer
Bunhofer
Yo, I think I found a movie about sniffing ass. It's called bunhofer
And um, it's from angel studios. I don't know anything about it
But based on the title it straight up sounds like it's probably right up my alley. So let's check it out
Hitler has captured the nation's imagination
For every reason of our commodity you will go to england
as our spy
Oh shit, it's actually about nazis bunhofer. What good is the church if it doesn't speak for the victims of the state?
The church's job is to kindle peace peacefully. Oh, you mean silent?
I need you to understand that your life will not be the same after I speak these words
We have devised a plot to assassinate the Fuhrer
Gods and Germany a true saviour
Our silence in the face of evil is itself evil
Words aren't words anymore, Dietrich
The noses
Did they already make this with tom cruise? They did but it cannot be nothing like that. She wasn't german
Bunhofer, I guess they're probably saving most of the ass sniffing for like, you know
The theatrical release because they can only show you so much in the trailer before it gets it's get it gets rated
NC 17 no children
That until they're 17
You know, it's it's bunho bun
bunhofer
I mean
I think my guess at how it's pronounced is just as close as yours
Right dwell young blood either way. It's not it's not about ass sniffing
My god, mr. Know-it-all
Sorry that I offended you by like using my inference skills to figure out what the film was about god damn
Good burger to official trailer. We did we already watched this?
Feel like we already watched the is this a new trailer. This is from three weeks ago. We did watch the good burger trailer
I don't know if I should put us through that again
Not that it wasn't incredible
Yeah, not that that wasn't him
crowning achievement of cinema
but maybe um
Just you know, go go check the bot from about two and a half weeks ago
Uh, maybe case you start labeling these streams accurately to say good burger trailer
Percy Jackson and the Olympians all souls final fantasy 7 rebirth the story so far
What let's check out this
Trailer for imaginary
It looks like it's about a spooky ass bear
Dude toys being scary is one of the most fucked up genres of horror. It's a slightly different genre than puppet horror
which is of course
That that that fucking ugly bald guys favorite genre
Crumbs. Yeah, but but my genre is like toys that are scary as shit and this looks like I seen that drama
genre, let's check it out
Every culture has a name for it. We call them imaginary friends
Yeah, what?
How does it feel being back?
Good. I had such good memories here. Maybe my happy place can be our happy place
I left you all alone down here
It was just my new game with chauncey the scavenger hunt list. That's fun
Chauncey says you're not allowed to play with us. Oh because you left him. I need something happy
Something happy
That bugs reach you out
If I can finish my list chauncey will take me on a trip to the place he's from
Wait
No
Shit, I thought the bear was chill for a second. That's how it got
You've been spending time with a new friend. He asked you to do something that hurt you
That was part of the game
Does that seem like a game a good friend would want to play?
Maybe we should have played together anymore chauncey. I knew we should have been friends. No no no no
She's lost but we're gonna find her
Everything's getting down to it. This is scary as hell tether to the young we call them imaginary friends
You are always playing with your imaginary friend when the connection was severed the entity becomes enraged
He says he's right behind you. Oh, no
Oh
What the fuck
Can I hang out with your imaginary friend? He's not imaginary
He's not your friend dude. Just leave
Just fucking leave dude. Oh come on. Give me a fucking break. It's gonna be spookiest shit
Okay, never mind
Damn it. You see that thing
Wait a minute. Ah
I sometimes you have to stare evil in the face to desensitize yourself to it
Look at this fucking terrifying creature
I don't even know what I what I'm looking at
But I there's definitely teeth in there
Fuck me talk to a bear
After that shit travis gog
You think I'm fucking invincible or some shit?
I mean low-key. I'm not afraid of anything really so like that's not a problem
Chris what the fuck was that? What do you mean young blood? Everything's fine
What if you want to go talk to a bear? There's actually one in the green room
Well, sorry, whatever your interview room
Unless you're scared. I'm not scared to go talk to a bear
A teddy bear that speaks. Yeah, it's talking teddy bear
You know you talked all sorts of abstract entities. I thought they'd be right up your alley
Yeah, that's fine. I'll talk to the bear
All right. I'll kill some time while you go over there
That's fine
All right, and there we go. Okay. You going young blood? Yeah
All right. Oh, sorry
Uh, yo, what's up chat? I'm chris. I already introduced myself. Um, but you know
Chris uh, our young blood is on the way
To our interview room
To discuss
I suppose the ins and outs of being a haunted bear with a haunted bear or maybe it's just a friendly speaking bear
I'm sure talking bears can be friendly as well
Chris, how's your credit score doing shit, man?
God damn you had to remind me. I mean shit
Is that your it does that answer for you? Here's my answer. God damn, man. Come on. Take it easy on me, man
God damn
Bears can smell young bloods from miles away. That's true
I've used I've done a few like youth retreats at cabins
And activity camps as in a supervisor role. I'm not an expert in the wilderness, but
Those people that is man, they got they got a lot of precautions you got to take
And and I say respect to that man. You don't know what's in the woods and you got to be careful, man
Anyway, young blood should be pretty much posted up now in the uh interview room ready to do his interview with this
I'm assuming friendly bear. I mean, I see no reason why it's got to be an anomalous monster
So let's send it over to to the young blood in the interview room. Hope he's doing good
Can you speak?
Are you
Doing okay today. Um, hello
How are you?
Um, what's it like working on a on a big hollywood movie set?
I'm trying to interview you man
Is that how you play if there's any questions and chit chat for the bear
I feel like I shouldn't move too much because it might upset him
like to play
That's okay
Is this bitch still talking to this thing run young blood run? It's not a question
It's a suggestion
I like to run if the music ends. I'm pretty much dead
I like the music
Maybe he's do you just have a deep voice?
Mr. Bear you killing big friends. He's he's ducking my questions. I'll be real with y'all. He's kind of fucking ducking my questions
Can you give me a fucking straight answer? I like to play
That can't be the answer to everything
How did you get into the film industry mr. Bear? It's a combination of luck and effort
And honestly sticking with it longer than you think you'd have to
Maintaining confidence through the lows and not getting carried away by the eyes
Whoa, okay
Was it a casting couch situation? Well, I mean that's it's not usually a couch
I like to play at being
You know acting as play
At its best
Okay, are you more of a method actor or are you more?
No
That actually wasn't that scary
It's so you just yelled. I thought something more was gonna happen. Um, okay, I'll let's ask one more question. Um
Trent, please run guys. That's not a question
Look, uh, do you
Do you have a favorite horror?
movie
Okay, I'm gonna go. Um, thank you so much for talking with me and um
And I don't and thanks I'll see you soon
All right, that's like
Fucked up to say stop that fucking happy ass music. I'm fucking I'm going. I'm leaving
All right, I hope you enjoyed that interview. He always loves
Talking to the stars that that we managed to get here in this beautiful theater
I enjoyed that interview. I feel like you know what respect
Respect the trend. I feel like you did a good job with that one
Oh young blood you really ran in here
Yo, what the fuck chris what young blood I
That wasn't that was travis's idea
That was
Spooky is shit. He's an actor man. You know, you gotta they all got different processes
God damn that was a specific spooky
I'm tur tur tur tur ambling now. All right. Well don't mock stutters
I'm not man. I've got one now. I think
Because it's I'm scared
All right. Well a good job on your interview young blood
You know, it's it's important to stay cool around the stars because
You know, there's a lot of ways. They're just like us
I did a good job. You did a good job young blood. That's a star for young blood
Okay, well look, um
I gotta let go fuck a girl or something. All right, okay
I gotta go like probably like lift weights and fuck girls. So like, um
I gotta go do that. I'm gonna leave
I'm gonna go to my parents house and I'm going to
See if my mom wants to hang out today
That's fine. You know, it's sometimes, you know
Lean on those that you that you care about when you're scared. I'm not scared of nothing
I just need to leave and I don't want to talk too much
Because I feel like there's still
something in the room
God damn it. Chris. What the fuck is with the I'm just sitting here young blood. All right. Look, I gotta go
Um, thank y'all y'all y'all know what it is or whatever like the day's kind of fucking
It's a lot. So like I'm just gonna go and I'll be back. You know what it is
Fire gets me every time
Wow
What a fun trailer featuring bears and bears with teeth
The spookiest type of bear bear with
Um, you know
Lovecraftian jaws
That is horror
Do you think Trent might lose his job for for interviewing a bear? I guess he is putting youth at risk
Having them talk to a whole ass bear
just for
What clout is that what our society's come to people talking to dangerous ass bears just for clout
What is this an 1800 circus? I thought we moved past this
And now we just talked to like drake but like we're a little off kilter and me and that's what we do for clout
No
Taking it way back. Why is nobody's calling for Lovecraft's cat?
If that's one interview I'm not looking forward to
All right
Ooh a 15 stream streak for greg t u
That's the big one five. You've made it. You've unlocked the special achievement
And in honor of this incredible achievement add your lotion. Boom the bin bear appears
The only reward I have
What an incredible mascot we have here the barely informed news
sex bear
In honor of greg t u. Thank you for sticking with us for 15 straight streams. I hope that you've add your lotion
Also the only
sound effect I have
Would you consider him an imaginary friend?
Hmm
No
No, he's a he's a coworker
He's a coworker add your lotion
Anyway, let's um
Let's cover another story
What else
Is going on in the world today?
I know
You know we could talk about
Uh
Hollywood's divided guys
Hollywood cleaved in two
By the troubling news of the day
You're imagining some friendly things with him
I guess because he's here and he's just staring at me we can talk with peter about this
Um because he's again he's yeah, I'm right here. Put me in coach
Fine
I don't I shouldn't keep encouraging you because you shouldn't be sneaking in
But I guess I will please welcome to the desk. Is he's already here
Peter
It's great to be here. I am of course your favorite news man pdj
and um
And bring this camera get them real close on me. I
Love the news. I love each and every one of you
And it's such a pleasure
On the limited occasions that case allows me to appear on your screen and as close as possible to me that you allow
me to grace you
With the number one nose coverage
And now on on youtube and twitter. I just want to say that fine, man
What do you want to talk about? Oh, what did what was I talking about? Um
Thank you so much
Dilemma super newsing themselves
Uh, sorry cv loves you. Wait, what just happened? God damn it. This new alert system is so bad. Um
Dilemma, thank you for giving out a community sub
Sincerely appreciate it
Uh, you you're super newsing everyone and they can't they can't stop it
There's no escaping from this super news. Anyway, uh, hollywood's divided over israel. Would you believe it?
I don't believe it
Frappleord bastard, man. Also
Hammering us with super news
Everyone getting forcibly uh forcibly
forced
To subscribe the case
And I am in support of it as someone who forces his way inside this building nearly every day
I love to see everyone forcibly conscripted into the news
And you put it like that it sounds kind of bad
We need a two hollywood state solution. Yeah, bring it back to chicago
Where the original hollywood what where the original hollywood was in the 1920s?
I I don't know
It's like a draft, but you don't you don't have to get shot at
Well, that makes it a little less exciting. I mean, what are we even watching the draft for at that point?
Any ho a fire scream stock clients boated from agencies and secret tom cruise meetings apparently this article itself
Has been deemed a little controversial people think it's
Trying to pressure the actors mentioned in it to I don't
It's pressure them into silence or something. I saw that on twitter
I haven't read this article myself. So I don't really know
Chicago lost its hollywood status. Yeah, I know they just got such a big head in those early
days of charlie chaplin falling off things
That happened there
a real
A real tome of hollywood knowledge each case black well
Four days after the october 7th master attack in israel wme invited steve letter
The rabbi from wilshire boulevard temple to visit the agency's bevelie hills headquarters
He came to provide comfort for employees reeling after the worst attack on jewish people since the holocaust
Seems fair
Although the event was not mandatory and let his speech was considered secular several staffer's voice complaints
Which made their way to wme co-chairman richard whites and christian murrahead
Instead of caving
WMV invited anti defamation league CEO jonathan greenbelt to speak to the agency on november 1st
Greendale didn't mince words according to those in attendance calling out the riders guild for america for refusing to issue a statement
after the hamas attacks
um so far
I don't entirely track what's happening. Look, I think between case peter and all of us in chat
We can figure out this israel palestine situation. Yeah, I mean
No one's ever attempted this before
Nearly a hundred people thinking about this all at once
What could go wrong?
And i'm just i'm going to go with no comment
powerly
Across this across town the agency's fiercest rival cea was dealing with a crisis uh maha de keel
One of the top agents had ignited a firestorm with the instagram post
Including one that said watch more heartbreaking than witnessing genocide witnessing the denial that's happening. Uh, she later apologized
um
She apologized for that
For saying that there's a genocide happening and a lot of people aren't talking about it
Yeah, I guess he probably was pressured to okay
Uh in response to keel was relieved of her duties. Oh wow as co-chief the motion picture department though
She was allowed to remain an agent
It didn't hurt that our most important client tom cruise made it known to cea that he was backing her
Oh my god
Tom cruise the original maverick standing up for freedom storming in there and saying i'll never leave movies
And i'll never leave you
This face will remain
40 as long as it's on a screen
And I will also stand by those around me. I mean honestly, uh, you good on good on mr. Cruz
The last movie star some say and as a surprisingly decent move
They're a rightist guild you'd think they could write a statement
I mean, you know, they're just so they weren't on strike. Uh
Were they no they weren't on strike. Well, but out of support for the actors still on strike
They're like, let's just not write anything
Remember when george bush called, uh, dafra genocide and a lot of people didn't uh like that. Well history repeats a bit
I mean when has calling things genocide ever been controversial?
anywhere
I think every time
All right
The lead in scream six were removed from her role uh from her wealth palestine support
Yeah, I think this article is going to cover that too
But the doc he'll issue didn't end there a group of caa assistance threatened to walk out although also didn't end there
It sounds like she's still fired
She's relieved of her duties. Tom cruise stood in support of her but sounds like she's still fired
So I don't yeah, the issue obviously didn't end a group of caa assistants threatened to walk out over the agency's treatment
Of her sources saying they believe she was being railroaded by management
But ultimately abandoned their threat at the same time some of the agents who complained internally about doc hill's paus felt disillusioned
Believing she should have been fired wait. I thought she was fired
Oh, she wasn't she's relieved of her duties as co chief of the motion picks department though
She was allowed to remain an agent so she was demoted
Or something or she lost
I mean it does sound like she faced consequences
I guess people are some people I meant she didn't face enough consequences
For having an opinion on an international
event
Yep
Okay, uh, they believe she was being railroaded yada yada yada
Uh separately caa cut ties with a staffer and two clients over incendiary anti-israeli social media posts
Well, okay, I'd like to see the posts
Similarly instances for firing finger pointing and feelings of betrayal are playing out across hollywood as the industry wrestles with the raw motions
Uh, dude, everything happening in the middle east from power brokers to rank and file growing number of our incentives by hostile rhetoric
Surrounding israel and a lack of solidarity. This is an interesting tone to this article
Yeah, really
I'm beginning to sense where some of the frustration is coming from from people
Just guessing while I'll keep reading and we'll see if any frustration builds
Others feel a kinship with the palestinian cause and believe visuals the aggressor
What what am I?
What's the right thing for me to say?
Uh, you you're good luck with that
If that's what you're trying to do
All right, I went to a thing where a bunch of people gave speeches about jar for in there
Most were there to call for the end to the genocide
But one guy the guy who talked the longest completely, uh, undermined the rest of the speakers with a whole ted talk about how it
Didn't meet the criteria for a genocide
It went to a weird middle school
Oh, it was at a weird middle school
Yeah
Some of this like, um
constant like
Hand-wringing over the specific terminology used to describe mass death
Does really feel like a sideshow to me
um
You know, I really need to know is like
Thousands of children have died in palestine
Does it doesn't really matter at that point if you're calling it a genocide or not?
Well, but it's more fun to talk about it in terms that we can control because you can kind of control how people speak
If you threaten them enough, but we could never actually control a country from just bombing a bunch of children
Well, you and I probably couldn't but I'm guessing some people probably could
You know, if you just think of
Just think of some people who maybe could could probably make it could probably do something there
Okay, it was a field trip
Wait, it was for school
They took you to a da for
genocide talk for school
Israel does stand to leverage the idea that not all genocides are created equal so I can see why they scrutinize other mass killings
Yeah, yeah, well
Let's continue slogging through this not at all controversy stirring story
Um
The polarization is notable because the industry has largely presented a unified front when it comes to politics from its blanket opposition
To former president trump to its uniform support of reproductive rights
Okay, let me just list three things for you and see if they bring up even emotions president trump reproductive rights
A bunch of children getting bombed to death
Sorry, what was the test there just seeing how those three things back to back made you feel
Um, there's no excuse for not condemning hamash and demanding the release of hostages
Hollywood was quick to kill a black lives matter as they okay
So I can this article is beginning to sound like a lot of twitter posts. I've seen it is
uh
There's plenty of room for criticism over is your older voice concerns about this. So this is a quote
from greenblatt
That we will just scan around
I probably should have read this story before just reading it. It's actually pretty long too. Uh
Okay
Anyway, let's see what else. Oh, here's the thing about melissa berrera
Okay, I'll read it. Uh, some have had enough spyglass quietly dropped melissa berrera as to start the next screen. Well quietly
Uh screen film shows us a due to her social media posts that refer to israel as a colonized land and floated an anti-semitic trope that
Jews control the media writing western media only shows the israeli side. Why do they do that? I will let you deduce for yourself
Well, you know, it there is that tricky line of um
A certain thing happening in the media would suggest
Uh on the whole more support for israel or at least that can not not well, that's hmm. Well, I think the issue is like
You you can be okay with israel
existing as a state
Saying that they need to stop bombing people is is different. Maybe melissa berrera statement crosses the line slightly but
It does seem kind of wild that you can get fired
for calling out israel
But you so far it doesn't really seem like you can get fired for totally supporting their bombing campaign
So
So if I support the bombing campaign, you can't fire me. Well, I already fired you peter
I just seemingly can't get rid of you no matter what I do
Oh, yeah, I'm untouchable, baby. That means I can support palestine all I want. Well, I mean, yeah, you definitely can do that here
Uh, can we just send dennis rodman to fix everything? I mean as far as I know
He's the reason that that sheth rogan movie got made in north korea. I don't think that's accurate peter
Well, just if we're talking hollywood politics, there's a straight line from dennis rodman hanging out in north korea
And then you get a hilarious
Uh sheth rogan film about five years later coincidence
I don't mean to get too conspiratorial
You really you like that movie a lot when there's a slo-mo scene and they're like partying with the dictator
That was that's my jam
okay
anyway, um
Inside is say la la land producer matt platt texted wm leadership about why boots riley was still a client
After the sorry to bother you right a director urged his followers on x to boycott an industry screening of footage of hamas atrocities
At the simon wisenthal center in los angeles
He dubbed the footage murderous propaganda
And warned that the idf and israeli officials are the haig for war crimes massacres and genocidal actions
You want your name or image to have been anywhere near it near them?
Ha, however, riley remains an agent an agency client
I don't feel like is this article kind of the tone of it seems to suggest they want
Everyone mentioned in it to face more consequences
It does it does suspiciously suspiciously has that tone
weird
Very weird. There's no explaining it weird
Uh, meanwhile several agents at uta have expressed outrage internally over a recent open letter spearheaded by writer, uh,
tonycee coach and believe he should be dropped from the agency's rasta
Coach was the first signature on an october 14th letter that many industries felt dehumanized and really enshroffened hamas's actions
Oh such lines as hamas militants broke out of gaja more than 13 000 rallies were subsequently killed that is a
Generous description of what happened for sure the agency is sticking with them though
It has severed ties with susan sarandon, which i think happened more recently over her controversial words on the conflict
And then they just kind of keep going so the cliff notes version various people have been
seemingly axed or demoted uh for their outright support of
Our statements heavily in support of palestine
Yeah, susan sarandon the scream girl probably a bunch of less famous people that will never hear about uh, you know
The usual oh mark ruffalo. I guess too
Okay, uh when it comes to use of the word genocide it's long been considered problematic in hollywood in 2021 mark ruffalo apologized for
Suggesting israel which committing genocide and added it's not accurate
It's inflammatory disrespect loneliness being used to justify anti-semitism here and abroad in 2014
Javier badaman pedelope cruise signed a letter that called israel's an operation in gaja a genocide
Oh, yeah, because it's been going on for like over a decade. It has
Yeah, anyway, they both later clarified their positions after being widely criticized and they clarified those positions to be
You know probably something along the lines of
Ah, that's a strong clarification
Uh jewish people do have a disproportionate amount of power in hollywood. Okay. Well
Yeah, uh, but it's because when hollywood was starting it was one that well, I don't know
Outsized there's so many individual
interest groups, um
In hollywood that you could argue have like an outsized influence for compared to what exactly like, um
The amount of jewish people in america, I guess that would be the most obvious definition
It's like and there is like a it is a little tricky because
If you understandably want to criticize israel for the action
Actions that it's taking it. There's a lot of people that will piggyback off of that
um
to
Layer in some some fairly anti-semitic statements. I mean, I'm not saying anyone in chat is doing that
But I've certainly seen plenty of that on
X in particular the other weird thing is like
someone like say ilan musk
Isn't really making
Terribly big statements on like the israel palestine thing, but he is also at the same time like reposting
insane anti-semitic conspiracy theories
That in my opinion are like somewhat detached from the current conflict
So it's a real mess of opinions, you know, there's always like the far right wing
Straight up anti-semitism that is regularly promoted on sites like x
And now that is trying to be married to
um, just you know
statements against israel's bombing campaign
Or the continued occupation of gaza yada yada yada
It's it's like a very toxic mix. It's not really easy enough to break it down
I mean, I don't want to go with the old like it's so complicated
But I do think like the way that these subjects are being talked about online
is
Sometimes very intentionally made like soupy and messy to the point where you can call a lot of things anti-semitism that aren't
And where some actual anti-semitism just gets kind of like
Brushed aside or swept under the rug
By whoever happens to be talking about it
It's almost as if uh h o l l. I don't even know what hall means anti-semit
Semites trend to like israel because they like the idea of an ethno-state and that's another good point shape-shifter. There's plenty of like
Exceedingly anti-semitic extremist christians that are still deeply in support of israel as a state because they essentially see it as like a
foothold for something closer to christianity
Uh, you know, there's essentially their hatred of of muslims trumps their hatred for
uh, jewish people in this particular instance
It sounds like this is a fun subject
Why is there any chance you could have brought me to on to talk about the taco bell orgy?
Well, peter, you know, I I kind of I'm on the record is not liking you much
So I thought who better to to bring on to talk about this than you
Huh, there's actually no other nations on earth where the government is controlled by a particular religious group
I honestly I'm I don't know if that's true
Uh, I it might not be as openly controlled
I mean, yeah, like
It is it is fairly explicit in israel that it's intended to be a jewish state
You know, we've never had a non christian president
So you could make a state, you know, you could potentially infer that we are essentially a christian nation controlled by christian politics
Uh, but obviously, you know, it's a very different situation than the political alignments in israel
Another thing is uber christians want to support zionism because there's real needs to exist
So the capital can be jerusalem as we're told in revelations. Yeah, there's so much weird
religious
Wow, it's a scripture the word. I don't know. There's a lot of weird
Fairly extreme religious leaders that have said some crazy shit about israel both before october 7th and are really ramping it up currently
Saudi arabia or ran
I mean, there's plenty of um
Middle eastern states that the the rhetoric of their government is very explicitly, uh
religious
But also, you know, like
Um
Motley, you know, majority muslim countries
It's just it's also tricky to look at anyone religion is like this monolithic thing where there aren't subdivisions
But I would say the majority of states, uh
Of the majority of countries on the planet
Their leadership, you know, steeps themselves in religious terminology the the separation of church and state is
The it's pretty permeable almost anywhere you go and certainly here in the united states
If only pat roberton was still around to lead us to the truth
If only good old patty r was still around
Anywho
maybe um for my
You know fairly
Fairly obvious leanings to or at least i'm i'm pretty openly saying like boy, it would be nice if our government would um
Advocate for a ceasefire, which some would argue they are doing a little bit more as of this week
Uh, I don't think fortunately i'm at tremendous risk of the old bin studios being
Uh banned from anything
But I don't have tom cruise to protect me. So that's why I have you chat. Thank you so much
Anywho, uh peter just kind of slinked away
I think he's like fuck this actually isn't any fun to talk about
And he made the decision to kind of just retreat. Well, I actually just left my
I left a coffee mug in this room
And so I just sort of thought well, I'll do all you're talking
I'll just kind of skedaddle to the other room
And maybe I'll wait until you talk about like a penis enlargement surgery or like uh people fucking at a wendy's or something
And then I'll you know, I'll come back. You know when you're not just busy
That's pretty smart peter
And there's a reason I get in here every day
We got a five-day ceasefire. I know it it does feel a little
It's none of it really feels like enough. I don't know. It's it's hard to like, uh,
conceptualize the scale of destruction
Um with the amount of people that have died in the last month plus
And again, I mean people say many of them children which is absolutely true
But it's just you know, it's it's just it's so horrific either way
But there's there's a reason I tend to talk more about, you know
Dumb dick stories and less about this stuff. It is not there's I don't really want to do like bits about it
It is just pretty it's pretty horrible
But maybe I shouldn't maybe I should just have a whole a whole dark bin set up
Or when I really want to talk about
actual news
You're supposed to get busy in the burger king bathroom
I do feel like I would rather fucking a burger king than a taco bell
I think the worst place you could have sex the worst fast food place you could have sex in is of course
Long John silvers
But I think right up the list from there is probably taco bell
Or maybe Popeyes
Popeyes and taco bell
Slightly better than long john silvers
And then you got your Popeyes and taco bells sort of the the lawless zones outside of
The dark heart of disgusting fast food
You need to give us a list of subject handers for when the Middle East comes up with family
Oh my god, that's a good point. See I'm doing like friendsgiving stuff
This year, which I guess still presents its own
pitfalls like if if the Middle East situations
comes up
Although with my friends, I think everybody's
you know
Roughly oriented towards the same idea that at least a ceasefire would be good
um
But yeah, if I was eating with families, I think you just have to I think you just have to cross your fingers
How would you even change the subject?
Okay, here's how you do it
You go it comes up and you're like, yeah, that's crazy. Did you hear what what's going on in hollywood?
That girl got fired from screaming and some agent lost their job and and tom cruise had to come to
Had to come to her defense
You know tom cruise anybody see top gun?
Anybody anybody see that felt like a classic action movie finally back in theaters if anybody has any opinions on top gun
From from remember from two years ago top gun
Did anybody see the recent did anybody see the recent mission impossible film ai guys
If even then you're suddenly on ai and then they've moved on for two minutes until they mentioned how ai could be used on in wars
to make decisions and then
And then that's they slide you back in
And then you have to bring up a different solo and then you have to bring up boots riley
Just no tom cruise
Did you see the aot s take on top gun last year guys?
Wow
any who
I'm gonna move on i'm gonna move on i
My problem is i was talking about the israel situations. I just feel like I have so little of value to add
I do want to know what's going on and I think we all should
But every time I start reading about it. It's like it's so bad and it's so hard to imagine it getting any better anytime soon
But that's the kind of hopeless doomerism that does nobody any good
Unlike the pointless doomerism of sending you to another munch and crump, which is what i'll do instead
I'm also probably gonna we're probably gonna do a slightly shorter stream today because uh kendall and I have to go look for furniture
IDF is funding a new g4
Oh, man, that would have been particularly brutal if g4 was still around and we still had our us army
uh
Rolling sponsorship going on
Have we ever talked about how awkward that
Was I can't really speak for the rest of the cast. I'll just say this there were certain people that like actively tried to get off screen
um when the fucking
US army had to come over
Also, you feel like I I feel a I don't think we should have had a military sponsorship for g4, but I mean they were desperate for any money
But the kids that that they sent over were so like polite and nice
And the chat
Understandably as soon as they appeared were were like fuck this fuck all of this this is disgusting
And those like the army kids after every time they showed up after the stream because we would block chat
So they couldn't see it, but they'd all go straight to twitch afterwards and like go to the vod
It was so sad. They'd just be kind of huddled up around each other being like dang. They're really mad
It's like yeah, there there's a reason they are. I'm sorry that
That you're kind of at the locus of it. They were perfectly nice guys and gals, but um
You know
There's nowhere a way to like shine up that particular
mess
But you just sort of bring on the army to be like call it duty sure is fun
Army can face any foam sites twitch chat. That's true. That was they had to tactically retreat from twitch chat
We tactically retreated by covering up the monitors
Um, and then when they were tactically ready, they pulled out their phones to feel bad about themselves
They were really nice murderers. Yeah, I mean honestly most of those kids were I think
None of them were really seeing at well, some of them might have but almost none of them were seeing like active duty
I think most of them were like full-time army PR
And they're just like, I don't know. I signed up for the army and now they let me play call of duty
Which is
It's a confusing. Uh, it's a confusing gig
All extremely tactical 5d chess. You remember those beautiful days kindle
You want to talk about your cousin? Yeah
I have a cousin
Fresh freshly 18
Uh, ROTC
Military she's like in some different state doing some like
Whatever they do over there and whatever division she's in
And every time I talk every time I talk to her and her family about it
The first thing that always comes up is like, oh wait, but this is a great way for her to like pay for college and I was like
And that's how they get you
Like it's like, I don't even know what your guys is like viewpoints on military is but like
they're
Her her and her entire family are or immigrants
And like this is like literally the way she can get through college. But also I think she followed a boy
She did it for a boy. No, I don't think she did it for a boy
But like they both like went into it together and I was like
But now she's like dating someone else from there and I'm just like
Anyway, they're all immigrants and
Yeah, I
Who's to say that these kids that came over to g4?
Like also needed some type of aid and then they're just like you guys play games
This is actually like a really cool opportunity. We're trying to give people an army
Oh, yeah, and to them it was probably just really cool. Like you said
Sure. I mean also like
Plenty of people in the country have like no
predisposed negative opinions of the like the military
No
Which you know, like I do but I wouldn't have it 18
I remember 18 being like man, I guess I could like join the army
Maybe that'll like give me tons of life experience or something that I otherwise wouldn't get which I'm sure it would have
Um, I'm you know retro actively
I'm glad I didn't because it would have involved me in so many things that I now I want nothing to do with but
uh
I don't know. I mean ideally as a country we would have like a military that
We're like, oh good. I guess, you know, there's certain instances where you where you are just gonna have to have a military
But in the united states and really anywhere. I don't know. It's just become such a fucking
Memorial mess. It's it's kind of impossible to to feel good about it at least for me
But no judgment to anyone in the in the chat who's like in the military or as family in the military or as proud of
Of military service. I'm sure there's plenty of context in which there's things to be proud of
If you've been involved in the military
One of my best friends is like heavily involved in the air force
Although he mostly does transportation
The army was a good experience plus being able to buy a house with no money down was the shit. Yeah
I don't know. I mean, it's also it's it's another like it's a huge organization bigger than is is easily comprehensible
So they're just involved in so many things you wouldn't even expect
I I bet you you also just especially being an immigrant you probably feel more american
Being a part of this system
Oh, I mean you would also get lots of respect like from plenty of people. Oh, absolutely. And I I think that's like
One of like the main
advantages of it, you know, yeah
Yeah
Also the majority of people in the military
Um, and this isn't to be like they don't even do shit
It's more to say like most people in the military don't see like active front line duty or like shoot anyone
like the bulk of the military is
Like a support operation for the people who do and a support operation for a number of other things
Anyway, as usual, I'm probably fairly far outside of my depth discussing this kind of thing
But yeah, I do love to just say opinions at you chat also instant citizenship. That's true. I mean there's plenty of
There's plenty of incentives
And again, I mean I'm I'm speaking somewhat negatively about it all of course, but I really
I wouldn't want anyone in chat who disagrees with me to think like if I met someone from the military
I'd be like you fucking murderer monster
I don't know. Life's never that simple. Uh, so
I was most familiar with military medicine because my dad who is a surgeon. There's a lot of doctors. Yeah
Uh
I think my dad actually briefly had some involvement in the va although
I don't think he was ever like officially involved in the military
But although I'm not quite sure how that works. It was some point in medical school. He did like
Like maybe just worked at the va. I don't know but it it gave him like a slight involvement with the va for most of his career
Funnel web. Thank you so much for the sub
Let me tell you try care insurances the universal healthcare that we could all have if the government just said the word
I've heard that before too. Although, I mean as you've seen from um, some hearings, it's it's sometimes a struggle even for
Uh, military
Servicemen to get proper healthcare. Although I've heard good things about try care
Debate topic turkey versus um bald eagle what should be the national bird?
That's a pretty good
That's a pretty good debate topic. I think we should do that
Uh, lost a friend who was sent to Iraq six months after he graduated high school. Jesus. I'm sorry
Reverend Wolf, uh, the recruiters lied to him because he was a black kid from a poor family
They promised to college support and joining at an upgraded rank because of his grades
All they did was get him killed. Man, that is fucking brutal. I'm so sorry to hear that
Veterans don't get try care only active service plus their families
Yeah, maybe that's the issue. Again, these are things I should probably uh, look into a little bit more before I just sound off about them
But I had again one of my good friends had uh, healthcare through the army for a long time
And seemed pretty satisfied with it, but they were at they were still
working for the army until
I think pretty recently
It is true that we are I did put it in the title as a cheat code to not know anything
Let's throw it
to munch and crumb
We're talking about too many subjects that arguably have bearing on reality
So let's talk about turkeys and eagles. Let's get back into my wheelhouse
Of completely pointless pablum. That's where I love to live and that's where these two live permanently
So let's send it to him. It's time for munch and crumb
Oh my god enough a case rambling hopelessly about things. He knows nothing about
Come to the man who's an expert in anything
There's never a subject I haven't talked about with complete confidence and there never will be for instance
I am 1000 confident that the man sitting next to me isn't a man at all
He's a expression of pure failure and you should all be disgusted and want to turn off your screen as soon as you see him
It's this piece of shit crumb
Peter you son of a bitch
I built up to that so much
And you just gave up your fucking seat crumb so peter could wear my fucking wig and stare at me for two seconds
Well, you know, peter was just checking out. I like to show off the sheet
sometimes
You do this intentionally you do this despite me
But I can't be spited. I can't be stopped and i'm not thrown off at all
As real american I sure have bald eagle at thanksgiving
How did that taste it feels like it'd be a very gamey bird?
Bald eagle would of course taste incredible like a juicy american flag straight down your esophagus
Lubin up your whole esophagus with patriotism
Bald eagle although you shouldn't eat one because it's like eating an american flag much like an american flag
It would taste good. You're thinking american flag would taste good to eat
I never would because respect the red white and blue
Unlike you who I bet would fucking put american flags on a sweet potato casserole if it increased the flavor flavor profile by one percent
I'll tell you what I'll increase by one percent
Although the math doesn't entirely add up there is my score because I did win yesterday
I won
In a singing debate unsurprisingly
My tunes were a little bit overpowering you couldn't even hear your tunes over my tunes
Can you just say music or any other fucking word?
Look at this fucking vibrating jowls
A monkey-less monster fucking you're running out of you're running out of ways to describe my face
There's an infinite ways to describe your face because it's infinitely disturbing the way that you look
They could send an army of poets and they would never be able to quite scrape down to the ugly core of what is wrong with your physical appearance
There's just too much there
It is beyond language how ugly and disgusting you are to sit next to every day
Okay, well, uh, I think that's a good sign that we should start the debate. Um
I actually think the national bird being a turkey would be pretty appropriate
Oh, of course, of course you do
Not a bald eagle not a powerful aerial hunter a fucking chubby vestigial bird vestigial ass wing having turkey
Pumpful of fucking hormones purely for taste exactly like you know, I think in the modern america
Um, we're no really no longer really like a hunter power culture
We're more of a consumption culture where we just kind of want to be pump full of hormones
Uh strapped to comfortable chairs and fed a steady stream of delicious content
And I think uh, we should we deserve a bird that reflects that
Talking against our cunt listen to this absolute traitor
Undermining our basic american values. I mean we already knew he was well. No, I'm not even saying it's a bad thing
I like tasty content. I like a good hormone and I love it to delicious take the polls going god damn it
I blame the new system
Um, oh it's not going
You're getting an error when you set up the poll
Oh, it's probably because case is doing multi streaming now
I don't even know why that would be
But daddy crumb will take care of it today
Will crumb and get me some, um
Oh wait, can I not do this?
Well, how does this work?
Shoot there don't worry. There's a way. There's a way. Oh my god. Hurry the fuck up whatever it is you're doing
Figure it out
You're wasting my time my precious
Precious precious. What is precious about your time?
You tiny pathetic little man
Constantly squeaking out aimless insults in a pathetic inflation of your bare and ragged ego
No one needs to hear a single word out of your lazy fucking stupid mouth. Whoa
What?
Sorry, I was distracted by the poll. So I was just kind of sorry. What was I saying?
Um nothing
Just saying something dumb
Oh, sorry. I was just trying to think of what to call this poll. Uh turkey versus
Eagle
Okay, turkey
Eagle
uh turkey versus eagle national bird
and
Beyblade song while we wait to this call
I don't know why this isn't working for the mods apologies. We'll try to figure that out
Does look like I can still do it. Uh, let's see if this works
Okay, it looks like it is working
Um, so I hate to do this, but we will be starting the poll music now
And I am in favor of the national bird as turkey. Look, uh, turkey's a pack animal. They represent family values
They're less of a hunter, but they can be aggressive when threatened if you've ever run into a wild turkey
They're certainly not pushovers. So if your thing is an american is uh, oh, I want to seem tough
I want to seem strong a turkey's plenty strong and they got a whole crew to back them up
In fact, I'd love to see one single eagle roll up on a pack of turkeys
I think that eagle would be having a pretty bad day pretty quick
So I would say both from a strength perspective certainly from a deliciousness perspective
Um, and from just kind of a representative stance of americans who over the years have become a little more rotund
A little more sedentary and I would argue friendlier
Uh, I think the turkey is a perfectly good representation of our national ethos
And frankly, I think we owe it to turkeys because we've been devouring their tasty ashes for 200 years
So let's pay it back. Let's show them a little respect. Let's make them the national bird. I mean, why not?
It's just a silly thing. Anyway, it's just a little mascot. It's more than a mascot
My god, does this country not mean anything anymore? You really think chat a fucking turkey?
Uh, there's a reason they used to call them jive asses because they fucking nothing
They're just a bird for you to eat. They're just they're they're fucking farm foul. Okay, they are a consumption device
Barely even a creature meanwhile a bald eagle
They got bald in the name so you know, they high tea is fuck that raw masculinity stripped off the top of their hair
But it gave them big ass wings and unstoppable talents. This country used to be above
Aspiring to things. What are we aspiring to be now a fucking farm?
A factory farmed
Thanksgiving treat that makes you sleepy. You know what happens when you eat bald eagle meat? You fucking gain six inches of raw dick
God damn it. How is that possible?
What do you mean? What's possible the fact that I won?
Oh my god, no one is surprised. I'm not surprised at all
Guess who's the turkey tonight me?
I will start my home country with the bald eagle as my representative. It'll just be me and my best friend
Eagle or
Eagle or that's the best you can do
I'm gonna I hate to have to defect but I swear to god
If we make the turkey the national bird
Everyone will defect to munchtopia
We'll have to take over the entire eastern seaboard and probably the western will only leave you the midwest
The things you say you're gonna lose a lot of the patriots if you take on the midwest
I'll probably take the whole country if if if the if the powers that we make the turkey the national bird
Everyone is defecting to my side of the fence. They will say lead us munch
Lead us to the promised land and don't lead us to a fucking to a land
Where the promise of munch is that the national bird is our fucking Thanksgiving lunch
They will say give me a god damn bald eagle spread your wings and fly straight to excellence
Which is what I do every day and I chat. I know you're playing
You have to be playing because there is no way you want to fucking turkey as your national bird
I think they love it. I think they love it. I think I win
You're crumb believable
And I think that I can't I think that honestly, I'm probably I'm probably starting an unstoppable streak because that's two in a row
Spread the eagle when I spread the turkey
We make a turduck in our national bird now you got three birds for the price of one
You were not making a fucking online meme from 2016 our national bird. Well, I'm to be clear munch
None of this affects anything. I don't have the power to make the turkey the national bird
This is a rhetorical exercise if you could get that through your thick fucking skull
Everything is just an exercise to you. You love rhetoric
Well, you know, you can't spell rhetoric without some of the words that are in historic
Which is why every reticle rhetorical argument is a historic argument
Particularly when I'm involved and I want the history to show that unsurprisingly
You stole it. Don't steal my voice. You stole this like you always do
I definitely won outside of the fact that you cheated with your fucking vibrating jowls and your beady liar eyes
You stole it again
And honestly, I only let you do it because I don't care enough to stop you
I could stop you with the snap of my finger, but I'm just too busy being the fucking best
Honestly, you're showing a lot of um
You're showing a lot of forehead today. Or have you been losing hair? No
My hair's just powerful. You're just you're showing a lot of forehead
That's gonna be all the time we have for the day. I don't need to get to a mirror
Um, I've never needed to get to a mirror. I barely even look in mirrors
I'm just letting you know that we that's all the time we have
um
I just have to go
It's got a run for the day
I didn't lose
I've never lost
This man is stunned into silence next to me by my excellence as always and I'll be back on the winning train
I'll be back tomorrow to win to win some oh wait. We are I'll be back on Friday to win some more
Actually, I need to update the score
Before we go
I'll need to update the score
To give myself another point putting me what 20 points only 20 points down only 20 points
Every time he is impressed by himself and says only 20 points
Well, I only am winning and crushing you like always and so I'm only going to end the show
And tell you to shut the fuck up. That's all the time we have I gotta go
You know
If he stays 20 points away
It's statistically he is gaining on
Munch I'm crumb is
So
I do think conceivably eventually
Crumb could catch up. He's technically getting closer
Every time even by just kind of staying even 20 points behind
He will someday have to
Progress past 50 50
But at the at the current rate of crumb point growth
You could argue it's inevitable that he will catch up to munch
And unseat him you could I'm not saying that's what's happening. I'm just saying
I'm just wondering what would happen
If slash when that happens
It's exactly. It's just math
Could we see
munch
Just sort of pop like a pimple live on stream and die. Okay. Is that a is that a thing that humans can do?
But is munch human
I don't know
Okay, uh, I'm gonna try to hit two hours meaning we have about 15 minutes left
What should we do for 15 minutes?
Let's see
Well, I hit two hours, but I try not to count the 15 minute pre-show
Um, thank you so much. See if he loves you all stream long
It's just absolutely bathing me in subs like a basted turkey. I'm buttered up and ready for the loves you
But much
But munch has never lost
That is going to be his new slogan, but munch has never lost
DJ music about a turkey. Sure. Let's do some Thanksgiving songs. Let's uh, let's let DJ music
He didn't really get to do his own thing yesterday
So why not why not do a little music?
For the people
Daggett, thank you so much 13 months. I never thought I would manage to stream for that long
You know if you count the g4 days, I've been streaming for two years
But it would be a little hubristic of me to count that as my own streaming time
Let's set it over to music. Let's see what kind of turkey stories
Are circulating on the webs
And uh, maybe he can he can music it up above some turkeys
Maybe we can even find a Thanksgiving track. What does that even what does Thanksgiving music even sound like?
It's a DJ music question. So I'll just pose that to him now. Anyway, it's time for DJ music
Oh, yes
It feels good out here chat
It's another beautiful sunny day here on the Los Angeles roof of the bin studios
The sun never goes down when the the sunrise is always music
That music is rising to the sky
And I'm feeling great my guys giggle trash
Oh, yeah
It's a halloween. It's a Thanksgiving bash
And I'm giggling at the trash
But that trash is pure gold. Thank you so much giggle trash
Let's get my lasers going
Lasertown
That would be a great new Nickelodeon show Lasertown
A laser town
There's my lasers
Can I catch this cold with all this new sick?
Well, I keep it ice cold, but I also keep it hot at the same time
So who's to say?
All right, let's look for turkey news
What are the turkeys up to?
Oh, those turkeys living I'm gonna just search turkey news and see if I find anything
Turkinheimer PSA warning about turkey frying going viral. Wait, what what is this?
Let's take a look
Let's change up the vibes in here. Oh, yeah, that's some track. That's a track right there
Turkinheimer warning PSA about turkey frying goes viral. Okay. This is a video actually
This is a dj music first. I never get to watch videos when I'm doing music
But it doesn't seem that there is any text here
So let's pause the music for a second
And attempt to watch it. We'll make it a dj music video
With no music
Wait, is there about to be a fucking ad?
Who's calling who a bad boy? We humans are the ones who need public service
Oh my god to teach us cook the turkey not your home
The annual PSA from the consumer product safety commission was even put to music
A banger to drive out of the dangers of deep frying turkeys
This is the coolest thing that could kill me ever
Combining two american favorites explosions and turkey
Turkinheimer someone dubbed it a plurian oppenheimer the name of one of the creators of the atomic bomb
The turkeys on oh, that's a look are running wild
Jesus christ tempting turkey breast compressions and injections of seasoning honestly a little because the times we're living in
Not even the turkey could be safe from getting vaccinated
So I injected it with this juice a first timer recorded his deep frying debut
And now we're about to hit the crystal disco with this bad boy right here
But this crisco disco inferno almost burned his hand
Some do the turkey struct over the deep fried taste
So what are some turkey frying tips?
Thaw the turkey dry the turkey don't overfill the pot with hot oil keep away from structures
Keep away from structure
And if all this leaves you to chicken to deep fry a turkey consider just wearing one
genie moose cnn
new york
Goddamn
okay
when fido wants
Man, I never knew I never knew the damage you could do with a turkey
mm-hmm, you know
Sometimes you just you think you're just having it's all fun and games until a turkey explodes
Oh my god
This life i'm living
It's not even safe to eat turkey at thanksgiving
Sometimes when life's looking bleak
You just gotta grab a turkey but make sure that you don't wet the beak
A lot of people died
But the turkey was deep fried
The turkey was deep fried
A lot of people died, but the turkey was deep fried
It's getting hard
It's getting hard
Sometimes I wish that my heart could be pardoned
But I know
Of all me
The pride inside is a side. What's that mean? The turkey was fried
A lot of people died
But that turkey was fried
It was deep fried inside
And my heart
Was fried from the start
But the turkey was more importantly fried and it caused a large explosion that killed some people
Oh, that turkey was fried. It was deep fried deep inside
I looked so deep deep inside and deep inside my whole body was fried
It was fried my heart was fried my guts were fried and my mind was fried
It was all fried because deep inside that the turkey was so fried
Joining me at this time. It's me. It's i'm a turkey
Look up on my dance to turkey
I'm getting crazy out here. I'm I never stopped partying
I'm loved a party. I'm a dance in turkey and I just want to say this
And I was fried. I'm a turkey that was fried
But another and I really lost my pride because my pride lives inside
You can take out my giblets, but my pride you can't kill it
Because at the end of the day the turkey lives. Okay, the turkey flies away even though I can't fly
And that's what I wanted to say. I'm a turkey. I never will stop dancing
The the love is real
The turkey is real and I'm a real I'm a real turkey
peace
wow
That was a beautiful man that you know
Sometimes you're deep you're deep fried inside, but you never lose your pride and the and the turkey was fried and a lot of people died
But out here honestly, we're just kind of fucking partying
My penis might have just said I'm fire
But honestly, I'm feeling Thanksgiving inspired
The smoke is coming from my coke. Okay. I pulled out my dick
That is the stream as always a dream and I want to give a shout out to the whole chat team. I mean shit
Can you believe it
Whatever the service case is now streaming on it. That's my god. It's a multi-stream dream
Meaning that now case is spreading all of his cream
But before we're done, let's have a little fun and find a good friend that we can raise son. All right
That's it. We saw the turkey get fried and that was it
Let's go. We're waiting for show
It's time to rate it and the whole damn show. Okay. Here we go
I'm feeling so lean. Meet it tomorrow. I'm gonna have to eat up my whole dream and that I mean
It's time to end the stream and we're ending Bruce green. Oh, let's go
Let's keep in the flow and once again, we use the rhyme of show
It's end, but it's not an end. Oh
Case needs to go look at furniture with candle. Mm-hmm
That's it
Raid Bruce grain and lock it in shit
And that's
all
That means I'll sing us out with a roll call. Okay
Bueller nah that ain't who I'm calling. I'm calling Huey Keuler. Uh-huh
We ain't done a Jamaican dragon and of course, uh, you know, it's true that I'm dj music and I see
B love you and yeah
I ain't mad
I'm out of music man. That never happens. I'm out of music and that means I gotta end the stream
But uh, that's that we'll roll call more names next time I'm out here
Thank you all so much. That was a fun one. Oh shit. My fucking penis is on fire again
It's coming from the side because my dick's laying in that direction
Buzz buzz indeed, uh, Bruce is queued up and ready to go
Have a beautiful rest of your Wednesday. We'll be back early tomorrow with a rise in music sun to do a little
Macy's Day parade, uh, not sing along but cast along. It'll be Kendall
Uh, probably tim lamb here if you remember him and case calling it out eight a.m. That's pt
We'll see you tomorrow. Enjoy some bruce green. Bye. Bye everybody
and that's