I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live. And I'm a dog.
It's been the honor.
Four, three, two, one. Let's do it, Papito.
Hello everybody. Good to see you all.
I worship Shadow Commander, Gab Greener, Sam. I'm Apple Depple, Skymer.
Currently working Lady Citrix.
Ooh, everybody get in here. J. Monty, Lyvin, Sleazy.
The mods with the mostest. Greg T. US 1000. Good to see everyone.
Hope you're having a good day.
Am I counter streaming against Kassim?
You should always check that. Not yet. Not quite yet.
But just on time. There's a hype train.
You know, I adjusted the hype train settings back to the old settings.
I don't know if that means it's going to be as, just as hair triggered as always.
The hairiest of triggers. Turn these Quad City DJs down just a little bit.
I'm counter streaming against the hype train. That does sound like the kind of thing I do.
Oh, baby. We're Pogo-ing with Kendall. It's official.
Maybe I can get a Pogo stick in at Comic-Con where I'm going this weekend.
And, uh, and live streamer Pogo-ing there.
I worship Shadow. Thank you so much for the nasty five community subs.
And Tam Tram. Thank you so much for the 20 months.
The 20 month Kings. 21, 20 month Kings. People who've been here since fucking day one or close enough.
I love it. I freaking, I freaking love it.
I actually do though. I do.
Uh, hype train is probably here.
Hype train are you here as usual? Is that a thing? Are you still here?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm still here.
Hype train's still here. JD Vanstream, let's go.
Is he counter streaming me? Or is he just, is he just me? I never know.
He's you. You're him. You are one.
I don't know who I am. Did the couch consent JD?
You know what? We should look into this today.
I'm gonna what?
Well, it's real JD heads here. On the stream.
We're huge JD heads here.
I kind of want to know why people are saying he fucked a couch.
I've heard that it's just not true.
But like, Mulder, I want to believe.
I think it's true.
Hey, the hype train thinks it's true. Why?
Hey, he's got the vibe. He might fuck a couch.
Also, Skymer, thank you so much for the 100 bits.
I'll put all of those, all those sweet coins.
I'll lose them in my couch. And then who knows how I'll get them out?
I thought you didn't have a penis.
I know it, so I can't fuck the coins out of my couch like JD.
So how will I even get them?
Nobody knows.
You only started watching Vin because you thought I was JD Vanst...
You were a JD Vanst fan 21 months ago?
A lot of huge Hillbilly, Hillbilly, Elegy fans came shaft.
It turns out.
You fucked the G4 couch, which explains the stain.
Oh, there were a lot of stains on that couch.
I do wonder if anybody ever had sex on that couch.
Let's type in couch sex music and just see what we get.
To start off this stream at the usual quality range.
You got to warm up, you know, with the usual stuff.
Couch sex music.
Couch sex by GERF.
Is this music to fuck to?
Feels more like music to rock to.
You can rock and fuck.
Anyway, I'm level 3 hype.
Yes, I'm aware.
I am aware.
Oh, there's some SNL songs about fucking out of couches.
How about couch sex trap beat?
Any music is music you fuck to?
This is a beat called sex on the couch.
Oh, yeah.
This is the kind of music we fuck the couch to.
Oh, yeah. It's not music to fuck on the couch to.
It's music to fuck the couch to.
Come on, guy.
I see a cushion for cushions.
I grab my thigh and I get to move it.
I ain't talking to moving companies.
I'm talking sign between cushions.
That's the word.
I'm talking to a couch in this house.
Yeah, that couch goes.
I'm always giving my couch some love.
Yeah, the hype has ended.
I think that's a good time for it, too.
I think that's fair. Do you agree hype train?
And just like that, we're warmed up.
Good to do some news.
Okay, well, in case you should pop into Gina's stream to say happy birthday to her.
Oh, I think she'll still be on in two hours.
Because then I'll just rate her and say happy birthday.
The happy birthday raid.
Yeah, she'll probably be on. I'll risk it.
I'm supposed to see her tomorrow, so I can happy birthday her tomorrow.
Several hours. That's what I like to hear.
Me too, if you count two is several.
Well, thank you, Daedalus.
It's important for all the times I hear that I look like JD Vance to hear that I'm the most handsome.
Let's see what's going on in the world before we do it.
Everyone else we're doing today. It's news time.
I'm real close to the camera.
Yeah, then I slide back in my chair.
Good to see everyone. It's me.
Don't adjust your screen. It is in fact, Jeff Ripple.
I started it again.
Shoot, my graphics not working.
Case, what's happening? Stop just spamming your song, Jeff.
We know it's you. We don't need the streets.
Wait a minute. Where's all of my alerts?
What's going on here?
There we go. We're going to the streets.
What did you do?
Where did you put all of my sweet, sweet alerts?
I'll fix it. I'll fix it, Jeff.
There they are. Perfect. Perfect.
Well anyway, everybody, I'm Jeff Ripple and we've got news.
Stuff happened yesterday.
And old guys who like war are still talking about it and apparently getting cheered,
which is new.
No, that's been happening for thousands of years, but probably still bad.
Probably still bad, he says, but how could he know?
And is what people said on Congress that bad?
Probably, but we can find out.
Okay, well, I like to watch video, even if it's video of war criminal.
You like video even if it video of war criminal, but it's still video?
What's going on with you? I'm fine. This is all new speak.
Let's see what's going on.
This is not a clash of civilizations.
It's a clash between barbarism and civilization.
The forces of civilization to triumph. America and Israel must stand.
So wait, he's saying what we're doing is barbaric.
Can you be a civilization?
No, he's saying they're killing barbarians.
He's sort of going act five Diablo on it.
A terrible analogy. Yeah, that's not my best analogy.
Let's continue.
October 7th is a day that will forever live in infamy.
3,000 Hamas terrorists stormed into Israel.
They butchered 1,200 people from 41 countries.
That's like 2911s in one day.
For Israel, 2911s.
How many people died on 911?
But there are like thousands of people that died on 911.
How did he get to, how did he arrive at 2911?
It was like KO Ken times 20.
You just sort of call it out.
KP's record was shattered.
I kind of like 911s being like miles per hour.
2911s per hour.
That's a 180 to 20.
My math is right.
20 is a nice round number.
That's true.
That's why that's why Goku does it in increments of five increments of five.
Your brain is poisoned by cartoons and video games case.
Let's continue.
Every civilian death is a tragedy.
For Hamas, it's a strategy.
They actually want Palestinian civilians to die.
And what's happening is the calamity.
So why are you all after me?
Don't you feel the gravity?
Let's have a sand, hand sandwich.
I'm nasty.
What?
I was trying to finish the thought, but I failed.
So that Israel will be smeared in the international media
and be pressured to end the war before it's won.
This would enable Hamas to survive another day
and as they vowed to carry out October 7th again and again and again.
I want to assure you.
They're cutting out all the applause breaks.
What pressure is brought to bear?
When I don't hear the applause breaks, all of this sounds kind of just like
ravenous war mongering.
But I swear live there was a lot of applause and it felt really positive
because so many people in Congress were applauding this guy.
I will never allow that to happen.
President Biden and I have known each other for over 40 years.
I want to thank him for half a century of friendship to Israel
and for being, as he says, a proud Zionist.
Actually he says a proud...
That's a really great point, Skymer.
Look at that water dish.
Is that all they all drink water in the Senate?
And we get one of those case?
No, that's for true patriots only.
Shoot, we're not that.
Okay.
American Zionists, I want to thank President Biden
for his tireless efforts on behalf of the hostages
and for his efforts to the hostage families as well.
I also want to thank President Trump
for all the things he did for Israel.
Ooh, the double thing.
From recognizing Israel's sovereignty over the Golan Heights
to confronting Iran's aggression
to recognizing Jerusalem as our capital.
Remember when he just assassinated that guy in Iran?
He's giving him a big thanks for that.
Well, if you...
I mean, if you don't even have to really pay your assassin,
if the person who's assassinating people for you is paying you,
you at least owe them a thank you.
That's true.
And moving the American embassy there.
For Iran, Israel is first.
America is next.
So when Israel fights Hamas, we're fighting Iran.
Despite all the lies...
He kind of has a little head.
He kind of has like a little peacock thing he does.
He's sort of doing like a little mini-cramer.
Is anybody else seeing this?
What do you mean a little mini-cramer?
He's got like the little mini-cramer.
He's like, so when we fight Iran,
we're kind of fighting it for you.
You think that's too appeal to American audiences?
I'm not even seeing that.
It's there. You got to watch for it.
He's doing a tiny mini-cramer.
You've heard the war in Gaza
has one of the lowest ratios of combatants to non-combatants casualties
in the history of urban warfare.
I have a message for these protesters.
When the tyrants of Tehran
who hang gays from cranes
and murder women for not covering their hair
are praising, promoting and funding you,
you have officially become Iran's useful idiots.
Some of these protesters...
Wait a minute.
I've been called a useful idiot.
Are you offended as a useful idiot that he's lumping you in?
My brain can't quite process it, so I don't know.
But yes, I'm sorry, Jeff.
You useful idiots don't deserve that kind of slander.
We really don't.
Hold up signs proclaiming gays for Gaza.
They might as well hold up signs saying chickens for KFC.
Oh boy.
That's like a Mountain Dew style comment.
He might as well have said
Mountain Dew protects gays, Diet Mountain Dew.
They really need to kind of stop doing their death comedy jam.
Death comedy jam?
Well yeah, because you know of all the death
and then adding a little comedy on top of it.
It just doesn't work that well I'm finding.
I'm not laughing as hard as I'd really like to.
Backing US military aid
can dramatically expedite an end to the war in Gaza
and help prevent a broader war in the Middle East.
And then a new Gaza can emerge.
My vision for that day is of a demilitarized
and de-radicalized Gaza.
Israel does not seek to resettle Gaza,
but for the foreseeable future,
we must retain overriding security control.
Haven't they kind of completely flattened
all the infrastructure?
So is there really anything to resettle?
Well they could give the land back to Gaza
and force them to live in there, which is what they've been doing.
Where are they going to live?
There?
But in what?
The camps that they're bombing.
Let's continue.
To prevent the resurgence of terror
to ensure that Gaza never again poses a threat to Israel.
Whoa!
Scary red screen ending.
So are people mad about that?
People are a little mad that
a guy who's killed anywhere between
40,000 and hundreds of thousands of people
in the last nine to 10 months is
in Congress getting standing ovations.
But Harris wasn't there.
That's true. Harris was not there.
Harris wasn't there.
However, protesters were.
Maybe there's some
Netanyahu protest things we can watch.
Let's say...
There's a real knucklehead?
Well, let's not.
Let's not say anything that could hurt anybody.
Regardless of who you think he's murdering,
let's not say anything too mean.
Yeah, you don't want to say anything too mean.
Harris is meeting with them one-on-one, yeah.
And who knows if she's standing up and applauding one-on-one.
Well, it's actually culturally polite to just stand up and applaud
anyone you meet.
From a different country, so.
It's not her fault. It's just decorum.
Let's see how the protests were going.
Whoa! NBC! I'm sure.
We need a little fair and balanced coverage.
Let's see what the media is saying about these protests.
Bottom of the hour now, and we are following this
breaking news in Washington, DC.
Major protests surrounding Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
speech to Congress.
So let's go back to NBC News reporter Gary Grumbacher.
Gary Grumbacher has been tracking these protests all day.
Gary Grumbacher?
We got some clarity.
Thank you so much for dropping the sub.
The gifted sub, you, someone in the community has been
forcibly conscripted into the news.
Mr. Smith, welcome as well.
About tools being used by law enforcement today.
They say they use pepper spray, not tear gas.
Last time we spoke, Gary.
Oh, they're showing restraint case.
Not tear gas.
Oh, thank God. I was worried for a second.
So heard some loud bangs.
I understand you have clarity about what those sounds were.
Talk us through that and just generally what the environment
is like right now.
Yeah, things have calmed down significantly since we last spoke, guys.
What those bangs were that we last spoke were flashbangs
set up by protesters.
We saw a number of things happen in the media aftermath
once we got off the air with you.
Cops came into the area and they pulled out
a number of people.
It seems as if they were those folks were arrested,
those protesters were arrested.
And they also confiscated a number of wagons filled with a ton of different materials.
Wagons.
In black bags.
So the cops were in possession of those wagons.
It seems like whatever they were using to...
Wait, where's the wagons?
Oh, my God, they brought wagons?
Oh, no, a caravan of protesters with wagons?
Dear God, are there oxen still there?
Oh, no, black bags and wagons?
Who knows what could have been in there?
Maybe they'll tell us.
Create the flashbangs. We're in those wagons.
Okay.
In possession of those.
I just want to give you a sense of what this looks like right now.
We are in front of Washington, D.C.'s Union Station.
The pig train station.
We're the biggest on the East Coast.
The pig train.
And the front of it has been entirely taken over by thousands of pro-Palestinian
anti-Net and yahoo protesters out here.
The podium here.
Oh, my God, they're standing?
Standing with flags?
The American flags have been replaced by Palestinian flags.
No.
Not the flags.
Yeah, Gary, I want to know that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has wrapped up his speech to
members of Congress.
He did reference the protesters calling them, quote,
Iran's useful idiots being very critical of these protesters.
I wonder what you're hearing from protesters there about the message that they're trying to send.
Well, they're trying to send a message that they would like this completely to end.
Cease fire now is something they keep repeating, and they want to bring all of the hostages home.
Now, something else is that these folks aren't listening to Benjamin Netanyahu.
They have no interest in what Benjamin Netanyahu has to say at the Capitol.
Not like this guy.
They frankly didn't want him to be here in the first place.
So when I spoke to several protesters, I asked if they were tuning in to listen.
They laughed in my face and acted as if, why would I be asking such a silly question?
And that was the only reason they laughed in his face.
When he walked up to them with his hands up,
in his face, when he walked up to them with his full news crew,
like, excuse me, are you listening to Netanyahu?
Then they laughed at him.
Can you imagine how rude that would be?
How'd you make him sound like Porky Pig?
Well, he kind of has that vibe.
Yes, he does look a bit 16.
I'm not familiar with this particular reporter.
He does have a little bit of a frantic energy to him, but, you know, he's got to talk to people.
He's got to talk to strangers that always rattles your confidence,
and you don't laugh at you.
It's never happened to me.
Everyone gives me complete attention due to my dark beard.
Of them.
So that is particularly interesting.
Here's what a couple of protesters we talked to earlier today.
How to say?
And Gary, we don't have that sound at the moment, but since you're out there...
Gary, no!
Oh, Gary's big day out is ending in disaster.
Talking with protesters, seeing the law enforcement presence,
talk to us about what the police presence looks like.
They're like, hold up, Gary. We're not going to actually let these protesters talk for themselves.
Please continue to reiterate secondhand in a very nervous and confusing way.
Vague details about wagons and flash bangs.
Yeah, you know, it's classic news stuff.
Yes, continue to do some classic news.
Right now I know earlier it was pretty strong.
Yeah, actually, let me turn the camera around and show you what the police presence looks like.
We have folks from the Metropolitan Police Department, the U.S. Park Police,
the Indian Serious Tactical Gear here.
They're standing around too?
Oh, my God. There's two sides and they're both standing right now.
These are dangerous times. Everyone is standing.
And they're all outside of the train station.
Who knows where this could go?
They have what appear to be pepper spray guns ready to be deployed if they need to be deployed.
So there are hundreds and hundreds of folks just like these surrounding Massachusetts Avenue
right in the heart of Washington, D.C., just two blocks from the U.S. Capitol.
Alright, Gary Grumbach for us at Union Station, the main train station in Washington.
Yeah, that might be where the hype train settles in before diving back into hell.
Well, as you can see, these are protests, dangerous incendiary protests featuring bags, wagons and bangs.
Three of the most dangerous bees.
Well, they'd be BWB.
Yes, BWB.
Anyway, thank God those cops are standing there.
Or those other people standing there could do who knows what to all the trains.
Our nation's precious trains.
I mean, if they're actually doing anything to damage trains, that would be bad, but...
There was a lot of consternation yesterday over the flags, which they brought up.
And I think maybe a flag got set on fire or something.
And unfortunately or fortunately, depending on how you feel, I think...
President... prospective President Harris had something to say about it.
Vice President Harris.
Yes, don't put her in the office before she's...
earned it.
Despicable Harris...
Sorry, despicable acts.
Harris condemns Netanyahu protesters who defaced area around Union Station.
Please don't throw the word despicable around.
Too freely there, Jeff.
That was not intentional.
In a statement, the vice president also said the American flag should never be desecrated
as it was by those who burned it Wednesday.
Even though that is... is that illegal to burn flags?
I believe it's been protected many times by the ACLU.
The...
You know...
Burning a flag.
I think of the right word, but yes, I think it's been defended by the ACLU that you can
without getting arrested.
Hmm.
Protesters gathered outside of Union Station Wednesday.
Vice President Kamala Harris on Thursday condemned some of the demonstrators
who protested Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Wednesday address to Congress
for Despicable Acts and dangerous hatefield rhetoric.
Wait.
Is that what they were protesting?
Vice President Kamala Harris on Thursday condemned some of the demonstrators
who protested Wednesday's address to Congress for Despicable Acts
and dangerous hatefield rhetoric.
That is a confusing sentence.
I condemned any individuals associated with the brutal terrorist organization,
which is vowed to annihilate the state of Israel and kill Jews,
pro-Homoscopy and rhetoric is abhorrent,
and we must not tolerate it in our nation.
Free speech? Yes, but free speech?
You can't yell free Palestine in a crowded theater.
Well, you can.
It's just then all the people that came to say Jerry Seinfeld might heckle you.
Well, but sometimes you have to heckle the heckler.
Protesters gathered outside of Union Station on Wednesday,
calling for Netanyahu's arrest, which we just saw.
They raised Palestinian flags and some protested voice support for Hamas,
spurring immediate rebukes from Israeli leader and Republican members of Congress.
I remember the burning of the American flag.
That flag is a symbol of our highest ideals as a nation,
and it represents the promise of America.
It should never be desecrated in that way.
I support the right to peacefully protest, but let's be clear.
Anti-Semitism, hate and violence of any kind, have no place in our nation.
She said, Harris' statement comes as she's set to meet one-on-one with Netanyahu in a high-stakes meeting.
Ka-cha! Just days after President Biden endorsed her.
The vice president is faced with political challenges. Yes, we get it.
They're really kind of rolling out the hits here.
Yeah, the classic just that flag represents America, freedom, beautiful babies, your family, kind of stuff.
A little disappointing, I have to say.
Harris just kind of rolling over on this one.
Rolling over on to what? Our beautiful American flag and protecting it?
Why is being critical of Zionism and the murder of innocent anti-Semitic again?
It's not!
As Reverend Wulf has pointed out many times in chat, or, you know, Jewish voice for peace.
There's plenty of Jewish people in America.
Some of them the most vocal critics of Israel.
But that certainly is the framing they're going with.
But isn't Israel the place where they kind of put all the Jewish people?
What? I thought that's where they all...
Am I misunderstanding? Yes.
Or are you? No, I'm pretty sure it's you here, Jeff.
Hmm. Am I being a useful idiot?
Ah, no, I won't... I'll go ahead and not use that phrase.
Well anyway, we can all agree that anytime a flag burns, an angel loses its feet?
Where are you getting all this from, Jeff?
It's bad to burn flags or replace them.
And nobody's standing behind innocent deaths.
But what about innocent flags? Who's defending those?
Every politician is defending the innocent flags.
Less defensive the people that are getting bombed by our bombs.
Hmm. Are there flags that were bombing?
There were probably a couple of flags also damaged in the relentless bombing campaign of the last, you know, since October.
Oh my God, there were flags down there?
There were probably a couple of flags, Jeff.
Oh, that's heavy. I've never considered that there could have been some flags.
I'm not anti-flag. I'm as pro-flag as it gets.
I'm just saying maybe we also need to keep an eye out for the flags.
They can't defend themselves. They can't even hoist themselves.
We need a guy in like full military outfit to do it.
I'm just saying take a minute to consider the flags.
We're considering the flags.
Flag? Okay, yeah.
Well, look, there might not be lives, but things that aren't alive really can't defend themselves
because they're stationary and can't move and aren't alive.
I'm just saying, what are you just saying? Anyway, that's what I'm saying.
All right. Well, Biden also talked.
Oh, goodie. Biden also talked.
Do we have highlights of that?
Oh, we do. A seven minute highlight reel of, of, I keep thinking he's not the president anymore,
but still president. Yeah, he's still president.
I swear he is still president.
Well, let's see. Definitely still president Biden address his decision to pull out.
These are just, this is a cut down. It's seven minutes.
I don't, is that a cut down or is that the whole thing?
I don't know how long he talked, but seven minutes should be more than enough.
When I read what chat says and realizes what it says, saying bail.
No, I just have to, you know, I just have to really whip through all this news.
You know, I'm juggling a lot of balls here.
You never underestimate the amount of balls case has in his hands.
It's been the honor of my life to serve as your president.
Where's he looking?
Was there a second camera on him?
He's got the actual address must have been to a camera, right?
This is a crazy angle.
But in the defense of democracy, which is a stake,
I think it's more important than any title.
I draw strength and I find joy in working for the American people.
But this sacred task of perfecting our union, it's not about me.
It's about you, your families.
Did they have a mic inside of Biden's throat?
Because I feel, I swear to God, I can hear every noise he makes.
So Richie said that's a robot. I'm a real Biden.
Oh, hello, Mr. President.
Your back smells incredible today.
And I'm sorry that this doppelganger has replaced you.
I'm pretty sure that's the real Biden.
Well, pretty sure doesn't cut it.
In the land of the news, the real one just told us what's up.
Your futures. It's about we the people
that I believe America's at an inflection point.
Okay, wait. I have to check the original really quick.
Sorry, I know I interrupt everything every two seconds,
Biden address. Is this like a second angle?
Because this is, we're watching this from insider news.
Okay, good.
I follow Americans. I'm speaking to you tonight
from behind the resolution.
This is the original.
He's looking at the camera at least.
Although I can't say that this is,
it still looks a little unsettling.
I don't necessarily know if it's the angle that we shoot
his face from. That is the issue anymore.
But you know, this is only 11 minutes.
I guess we may as well just see how much of this 11 minute
version of it we can get through. We can skip around.
That's an AI, right? I mean, I'm sure it's real,
but it looks absolutely horrible.
Well, just I keep freezing at the worst spot, I swear.
Well, Jeff does. I'm sure once his face is moving,
it'll feel better.
This sacred space. I'm surrounded by portraits.
Yeah, that's a little better.
It's the ordinary American presence.
Thomas Jefferson wrote the immortal words that guide this nation.
George Washington showed us presidents are not kings.
Hey, hey.
A. George Lincoln, who implored us to reject malice.
Franklin Roosevelt, who inspired us to reject fear.
Stop all the malice.
I review this office, but I love my country more.
It's been the honor of my life to serve as your president.
I almost feel a little bad just laughing at the general like
baloney mouse stuff. Given that he did do what I think he had to do
and he's pulled out of running.
It sort of feel like I'm just bullying him at this point.
But it is still I just can't. It's just wild the way he sounds.
But in the defense of democracy, which is a stake.
Kicking the president while he's down.
I don't want to put him in any title.
I draw strength and I find joy in working for the American people.
But this sacred task of perfecting our union.
It's not about me. It's about you.
Your families.
Oh, good.
Your futures.
Oh, me.
It's about we the people.
Me.
We can never forget that.
And I never have.
I've made it clear that I believe America's at an inflection point.
When those rare moments in history.
When the decisions we make now determine our fate of our nation.
And the world for decades to come.
Nice.
America's going to have to choose between moving forward or backward.
Between hope and hate.
Between unity and division.
We have to decide that we still believe in honesty, decency, respect.
Freedom, justice and democracy.
In this moment, we can see those we disagree with, not as enemies,
but as fellow Americans.
Can we do that?
Those character and public life still matter.
I don't even know the answer to these questions.
Because I know you, the American people.
And I know this.
We are a great nation because we are good people.
I just feel like I don't want to disagree with them,
but I hate it when I get a compliment that I didn't earn.
You think you're being bad, Jeff?
I just don't know if we the people are being that good lately.
I do feel like we've been misbehaving a little bit.
And I mean, obviously I love a good compliment,
but I just, I wonder if he means it.
Because I know I've been a little naughty.
You've been a little naughty, Jeff.
Just a little on occasion, you know,
sometimes I'll spread maybe a conspiracy theory or two or.
I'll relentlessly talk about how he sounds old and looks like a corpse.
And maybe, maybe that's being naughty.
Thank you for the follow.
Tokajaki.
I do think it's fair game to criticize presidents, Jeff.
I think you're safe there, but I do agree.
As a people, maybe we've been a little naughty.
And that's why he's pointing at us,
because he knows you've been a little naughty people.
And daddy's leaving.
Because he's not mad.
He's just, unfortunately, has no path to victory.
When you like to meet at this office,
I promise to always level with you.
To tell you the truth.
The truth.
What's that?
Sacred cause of this country is larger than any one of us.
Those of us who cherry that cause,
cherish it so much.
Cherry?
Cause of American democracy itself.
Must unite to protect it.
You know, I actually have to say, on the whole,
despite sounding sort of a baseline frighteningly old,
he sounds, there's not that many stumbles here.
Well, it has only been two minutes and 30 seconds.
But yeah, I mean, I...
Grading on a curve, the only major stumble is saying cherry that cause.
Which also put a cherry on that cause.
Maybe it's just sort of a fun little folksy statement.
Cherry that cause, baby.
You know, in recent weeks it's become clear to me,
that I need you to unite my party in this critical endeavor.
I believe, I reckon as president,
my leadership in the world,
my vision for America's future,
all married at a second term.
Yes.
But nothing, nothing can come in the way of saving our democracy.
Okay.
That includes personal ambition.
I think the first way to decide the best way forward
is to pass the torch for a new generation.
Personal ambition.
I thought he was saying he had incredibly high-minded ideals
and he needed to run for president to save the nation.
It was his personal ambition to save the nation
and he can't let what he believes is the only way to save the nation
get in the way of impersonally doing it himself.
45 minutes ago you were edging for 44 minutes.
That means you're one, that means you're, you know,
almost halfway through your two-hour goon session.
Yeah, I mean, once you're halfway done,
you're in the home stretch, you think about it.
Gooning with the president.
It's the best way to unite our nation.
You know, there is a time and a place
for long years of experience in public life.
So it's also a time and a place for new voices,
fresh voices, yes, younger voices.
50 years of time and places now.
Six months.
That's, you know, we kind of get it.
I don't think he's getting, did he say anything like,
hey, I'm leaving because my brain doesn't stop working?
No, I don't think he mentions any decline stuff at all.
Although would you really, like,
you can't expect the president to go in the air.
Lord Servo, I think for the 21 months,
is Joe Biden going to a farm-up state.
He and Commander are doing the fallout walk into the sunset.
He and his companion dog, Commander,
are going to go into the wastes
and do a little run-in-and-gun-and-cowboy style.
He's just becoming the cowboy character
from the recent Fallout series,
and he's committing to that, to save the soul of the nation.
That's the most noble thing at all.
MSG, great to see you.
Peace out, Jack, exactly.
Yeah, from my understanding and hearing,
reading people talking about this,
a general complaint seemed to be that he didn't,
I don't know, I guess,
prostrate himself in front of the American people
and say, you're right, Jack, I'm losing my mind.
I got dementia and there's no way
what's going on up here will stay solvent for the next four years.
But there was just no chance he was going to.
He's going to do that.
And also, the fact that he's resigning says all that anyway.
I honestly don't, like, it's probably important
for appearances for him to make this speech,
but I think outside of, like,
just continuing to endorse Harris,
his role is done outside of the general duties of a president.
And what are those exactly?
You know, be there, act like you're in charge.
Hmm.
Joe should try some crack with Hunter
than pardon himself before leaving office,
because YOLO, that he could get nutty with it.
Are you advising the president to get nutty with it?
I'm just saying, like, everyone loves to say this is unprecedented.
He's the president, baby. Yeah.
And he could start doing crack.
He could just, you know, he could kind of treat
the White House like an 80s party movie
and the parents aren't home.
So, you know, he just kind of throws wild rockest parties
where, like, everybody's fucking fighting in the pool
and falling in the pool.
Lots of fluids flying around the pool.
Classic 80s party stuff. Yeah.
Carter Biden, 2028.
When older people retire, they usually
fail in their health pretty quickly.
Hopefully this doesn't go that way.
Yeah, I mean, I strongly dislike the president's stance
on specifically Israel, a number of things historically.
It's hard for me to, like, wish him well,
but I don't want to be so vicious
that I'm hoping an older guy just, you know, declines quickly.
And I do think it's like a really good thing
that he dropped out, that he didn't have to do technically.
But, you know, I'm slightly loathed to give the president
too much credit on anything, or really any president.
Any president? Well, you know, it's like an office
that they all take for reasons of personal ambition
and then they act like they're doing some act of noble service.
I'm sure once you're president, it's a terrible fucking job
that destroys your mind and, you know,
cuts 20 years off your life with stress.
But they also desperately want it
and desperately want to cling on to it once they have it,
even when they clearly hate having it like Trump.
So I don't know what's going on in their brains.
But I think everybody should want to be president a little less,
and we should all treat them more like, you know,
just a collection of platforms.
It's like a representative. We should treat them like a representative.
Hmm. I want to treat them like sort of my smooth power daddy.
So just counterpoint.
I want them to sort of be like, um, like M Bison, but good.
M Bison, but good. Yeah, you know, like big shoulder pads,
strong teleportation moves.
It's kind of a commanding cool energy, but a good guy.
M Bison, but good. So that's what I want for president.
And it could be a lady too.
What? I'm just saying what I want.
M Biden. You want M Biden? Yeah, M Biden.
Hmm. Comeycin?
Comeycin doesn't work as well.
K. Mycin. Comeycin?
Sounds like we're coming up with a new virus.
Being a foreign president should give you a pass
with becoming a fucking horrible addict.
Just coo-cursing good cane all day.
I do think that's why some people kind of sort of like Hunter Biden
is a lot of rich people and people with power kind of claim
that they're not abusing it, but Hunter Biden just kind of clearly is.
Sort of wish fulfillment in a way.
Banzai Bullfrog, thank you for the 21 months.
Well, look, I for one actually wish the president well.
I think it's good that he's taking a break.
Who knows? Maybe he'll come back to politics.
He could be a senator or he could be a mayor.
He could be like mayor of LA.
Don't you want, just come down and be mayor for a bit,
just to cool off being president.
I think we should let the president pick which town they want to be mayor of,
just as it comes down off being president.
Rennerton? He could be president of Rennerton.
Oh, Munch is gonna not like that.
He could run against Munch for president of, sorry, mayor of Rennerton.
Oh, they could change it to president of Rennerton.
I bet Munch would like that.
Well, look, that's all not a thing that's actually happening.
So anyway, he's stepped out of the race.
And he still strongly supports Israel.
He has other things on his record that are positive,
given your average president.
But you know, I'm not sad to see him go.
I don't hate to see him go.
And it's hard to watch him leave because he often kind of freezes
and then slowly turns to the camera like this.
But we've got things to do.
We've got to go amongst the web.
We also need to go to the streets.
So that's probably going to be all the news we have for now.
Listen, people give speeches.
Sometimes people cheer those speeches.
Sometimes the heel is the most exciting character of all.
Well, yeah, but that's in wrestling,
which doesn't involve people actually getting killed, usually.
Well, anyway, sometimes you just you cheer the heel
because you get excited.
But that does happen in wrestling.
This is an actual person murdering a population with bombs.
Well, anyway, my point is like,
let's not get too mad at anybody because in wrestling,
you get to cheer who you want.
It's actual politics.
Okay, well, anyway, that's all the news we have for now.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
And the Ripple is traveling towards you.
The Ripple is the news.
It's washed over you.
And now it's over your mouth.
You can't actually breathe,
but you're learning to breathe underwater
because that's the power of news.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
That made perfect sense.
Wait, who also knows when to change their mind?
And it's only eating veggies.
Cookie Monster would make a good president.
I see we're talking Cookie Monster.
He's single-minded.
This is from live and sleazy.
He's single-minded,
but can surround himself with the right people
for the things he knows he doesn't understand.
What are having an actual puppet president?
If that might kind of just be more calming.
People really like Elmo.
If the president is ultimately kind of a figurehead
for sort of the general will of their party in most cases,
then why not kind of just have it be like
a comforting Sesame Street character?
Like Elmo or Cookie Monster?
Or...
Sorry.
Or Relf.
Relf?
Because Relf is a dog.
Relf?
No, Relf is a Sesame Street.
Oh, baby.
Microphone 100 with a 750.
Listen up, Jack.
What's that, Biden?
Microphone on a 900-gest mammoth jam,
750 shanty tasty coins,
and I've been dying to say this.
When I retire, bring back Diamond Joe, Jill,
and I will light a dubai,
get in my transit and drive off into the sunset
while blasting living on a prayer by Bon Jovi.
That's beautiful.
You know, I might have been talking trash about the president,
but that's a lovely vision for your retirement.
That's how I want to retire, too.
When I retire, I also want to get in a food
and eat it and listen to me chewing on it.
He didn't say that, though.
But the general idea is the same.
Hmm.
Thank you so much again, Microphone 900.
And for finally getting me more on the president's side.
Yeah, I hate to be a hater.
Do you?
Yes.
Hmm, okay.
We have a lot of stuff to get to today.
We've got to go around the Nets.
We've got to go to the streets.
I guess let's go around the, sorry, amongst the webs first.
I'll never stop doing that.
Yeah, why do you always say that?
I don't know.
First we got to go amongst the web.
Because that'll lead it.
That'll give us more hot things to have opinions on for the streets.
So let's get in there.
There's a lot of web to be amongst.
And now it's time to go amongst it.
The odd darling.
So web like webbed leggings.
I'm amongst them running my fingers through them,
really getting in there.
Good to be here.
And it's okay to see you as well case.
How you doing?
Me, I'm great.
I had to shoot down the rocket shoot that gets me to this particular.
Sorry.
I thought you're whispering something to me.
I was just leaning in in case you had something you wanted to say.
Oh no, I'm okay.
Is that Madame Web?
Hmm.
I could be Madame Web.
That's sort of a fun name for it.
Kiss?
No.
I wasn't going to.
He would go for it.
But he could tell that I wasn't going to go.
You know, I kind of am a 99 one kisser.
I need I go 99% of the way and then I wait for you to go the one.
And when you do, I'm like, nope.
Sort of my move.
99% of the way.
Sometimes I get millimeters from someone's lips before I give them an absolute denial.
Damn.
Damn, Liliana.
That's intense.
Yeah, I'm an intense lady.
More fun than the movie.
Congrats.
You've beaten the movie.
I mean, I saw it.
I can sense it's a huge culture.
That movie has so many actors.
There's no more actors than usual.
It's called like eight.
Eight.
Eight actors.
It's got more than that.
Yeah, that's a lot.
I don't know what.
Okay, let's just watch some videos.
Liliana, let's see where we were at.
Oh, wait, I've seen that one.
Okay.
We got a couple to get through today.
So let's get into it.
Jones barbecue.
Ooh, an ad.
As a student of marketing, I think it's a bird for me.
Jesus Christ.
You're a fan of barbecue.
Well, you're in luck.
Let's check out Joe's.
Jones barbecue foot massage.
Jones barbecue foot massage.
Better come down here.
Get some of this shit.
You like to eat.
America loves to eat.
So why not open up somewhere?
America can sit down, enjoy a meal, and get the feet rubbed.
We'll fry anything you want for $5.99.
As long as it's friable or edible, we're going to make it delicious.
We will fry parts of the chicken.
You didn't even know what friable.
The beak, the feathers.
We'll fry candy bars.
All that European stuff that you don't really normally eat.
We'll bring it down here and fry it for you.
Ask McDonald's to fry something other than what they normally fry.
That's what you're going to get.
Nothing.
If it fit through the dough, I'll put it in the fry.
Hell, this is a dinosaur.
All our meats are gently tenderized to their optimum deliciousness.
We got five dinosaur meats.
Check my money.
Pay me paper towel support.
Come on down here and get you a slice.
Once they get your social security number, it's over.
Motivated, motivated, motivated, motivated.
So friends, let's just decide you don't want no barbecue.
Well, that's fine too.
I'm not letting one of my foot specialists or myself perform my magic.
Look at that.
They look wonderful.
If you really pay me enough, we'll massage your feet in any of these sauces also.
Success is the rule down here, Jones.
It's a long ass.
Good ass barbecue and foot massage.
So go ahead and give me a call to find us on them worldwide internet at the new website.
That's J-O-N-E-S, big ass truck runner and storage dot com, backslash, Jones.
Good ass barbecue and foot massage dot h-t-m-l.
Excuse me, did you call number 52?
Did you hear me call number 52?
Wow.
Sometimes you need a 90 minute opus to convince the people to eat your barbecue.
Yeah, what was that?
Was that 4TV?
Did he like rent infomercial time for that?
Just runs out for 30 minutes on loop.
You've got yourself an infomercial.
Yeah, I couldn't, I couldn't quite tell the target audience other than just fans of barbecue, which I guess is me.
You all is a target audience.
Did it work?
Yeah, I want some Joe's barbecue.
Well, say hi to him.
Barbecue and foot perverts.
Yeah, so case.
Yeah, that's pretty much me.
What's going on behind me?
The world is sort of collapsing behind you.
Hmm.
Oh well.
I don't know why.
He's got a few videos, I believe it.
I mean, once you make something that good, keep cranking out the hits.
Well, we're also students of the news here, case.
We love the news.
We do it.
Oh yeah.
No one can argue that we do the news.
People could argue that we don't, but we'll say.
Anyway, here is some classic news for us to study.
Ah, it hurts my ears.
Let's see what's going on.
Let's watch that one more time.
This is a good style.
Sorry, I'm just trying to take it in.
I also like that the audio is sort of getting it strong because it's old.
This is just so frantic.
Sorry, I probably like that more than your average person as a fan of just weird promos, but um, that's taking me back.
Yeah, back ones I weren't afraid to have 45 fade shots in a 30 second promo.
Jeffrey Smuzanik, who was left paralyzed after being struck by the car of WSVN Channel 7 anchor Rick Sanchez, died Monday in Pennsylvania.
Is that someone involved with that network?
You don't know about Jeffrey Smuzanik?
Well, RIP to a real one.
Sorry to hear that, Jeffrey.
I'm less familiar with the work of Smuzanik, but that's no good.
He was drunk leaving a Dolphins gang.
Oh, we've all been there.
Well, no, we don't want to be there.
We don't want to encourage that Liliana.
Well, we're not to kill that guy.
Okay.
We're not encouraging it.
That's too bad.
Apologies all around.
Hmm.
This is just a guy staring at the camera.
I feel like this is always the riskiest video for me to just click on and watch.
Because it could be when it's just, you know, one dude kind of talking to a camera, you never know what they're going to say.
But let's give it a shot.
This is somebody claims they're going to get raided by the cops.
We'll see.
Oh, so quiet.
Shame because I love hiding stuff.
I have nothing to hide.
Which is a shame because I love hiding stuff.
I love making or buying secret hiding places.
So like I love hollowing out books and you know, people either say, well, probably you'd hide drugs in there.
I don't do drugs, but I do take flonies for my seasonal allergies.
So I put those in this one.
He's hiding something.
That's too weird.
He's got nothing to hide Liliana.
Kind of feels like doing drugs.
But my whole apartment is filled with stuff like this, like this totally normal permanent marker.
Well, it's actually hollow and inside is a smaller permanent marker.
Now this obviously is a copy of inside baseball, which is a perfect place.
I figured out to hide my tiny baseball.
This is a normal looking giant bolt that I just keep in my closet.
You can screw off the bottom and you can fit a tiny violin there, which is perfect for that's my clariton.
That's my other.
What is the chances that's clariton?
I am becoming more concerned.
And I love hiding things, but I'll be the first to admit I have lots of stuff to hide.
At least I'm honest. That I'm hiding.
This just clariton. What else could it be?
Allergy medicine.
There is nothing cooler than a wall safe behind framed art and I'm not allowed to poke holes in my wall because it's a rental.
But this is a picture of a wall safe, which is almost as good as I wouldn't have anything to put in the wall safe anyway.
In the fridge, I've got a totally normal looking Dr. Pepper.
But of course the top screws off and inside that is my Benadryl or Benny's.
These are for my nighttime allergies.
Back in my car, looks like tire foam.
This is where I store my Dramamine, which is kind of like I'm allergic to motion too.
And this looks like it's just four Shakespeare B sides together.
But if you pull up the bottom, there's actually a can of peaches.
But the can of peaches is fake and inside is a rock.
But that rock is fake. It's a Heidekei and that key is perfect for opening the dictionary,
which is secretly a metal safe.
And inside that I put the Dr. Pepper and the tire foam and the pages from the Shakespeare books and the peaches.
Which I'm allergic to.
Are you worried? I'm very worried.
Those peaches are going to rot.
The house is going to smell like a corpse.
And he might say there's nothing to hide.
But there's got to be at least like a 30% chance there's a corpse in that house.
But wherever he's hiding the body, he knows how to hide it.
Also though, kind of not.
Because everything he hides is just an object that wants to touch it.
It'll be like, well this is clearly something where something is hidden.
Like everywhere he's hiding something, he may as well put a sign on it that says,
Secret in here.
Yeah, but then there's not a secret in there.
So it's a victimless seeming crime.
I'm worried.
Well, but it's fine.
Is it? Yeah, it's fine.
What did he hide inside the body? That's what I'm asking.
It's fine.
Okay, let's just continue.
Look, it takes a lot to unsettle me.
Like, I've seen stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
And I'm unsettled.
It's the normal ones that unsettle you the most.
Be water my friend.
Oh, this post was removed.
I think that could have been from Psych or maybe.
Anyway, the bee, whoever posted bee water my friend.
Unfortunately it's been removed.
The secret knowledge was too much for Reddit.
All right, this is from Lavence Lazy. Let's see what's going on.
Oh, this guy's going home.
Whoa, it's got to smell crazy in that thing.
Smells like fun in there.
Have to find something.
One of the only places it's illegal to be on uppers is inside of a fun little costume.
It's actually considered international waters.
As soon as you're in one of those inflatable dino costumes or like this frog thing.
Oh my God.
Wow.
I was going in on it.
Dude, can you move even moves that fast?
It looks less good when it's out of the costume.
But just know that in the costume.
If you had extra vision, it would look like this, which is a little less appealing, I think.
What? Were you a frog?
No, I'm not in.
I don't know where that was taking place, actually.
But I'm in the United States.
A YouTube comment.
We love to see it.
Welcome from the YouTube Eric, great to see you.
The panel on the inside of the legs makes it look like he has massive balls.
I'm really sought for a moment if we can pull that back up for just a second.
At the start of the video, I kind of thought that he was hanging dong.
We can just get a clear shot of this.
Because this was obscured kind of the leg, the right leg was obscured behind the percussionist.
So I thought this other leg was just penis.
And I was like, that's a nasty frog.
You're punished.
You get back in your cage.
That's allowed to show their penis.
No, they're not.
Not one's in a man-sized frog.
It's a little bit... I thought you don't have king shame.
I guess we must keep decorum in case.
You need to be a freak.
You know, just behind a doll.
And you know that whatever's going behind that doll could be anything.
So I can't do it in a public square.
A little waker cage.
Oh man, it's the king of Florida or whatever.
The documentary forever guy. Let's see what's going on.
I'd like a beautiful woman to come and make love to me and to the point that I had a heart attack and died.
Is this the same video?
What I'm afraid of is that I can't die the way I want to die.
Dying should be a normal thing and they should have a company.
This is a different one.
Is this the Renfang guy?
Why don't I know that?
Those medals aren't kind of doing it for me.
I might be exactly as a target audience for this.
This is it. This is one last shot.
I'm getting screwed to death?
Nobody wants to talk about death.
And that shouldn't be.
Oh great.
It's just a normal part of going through life.
Oh that is a Renfang ad.
What I understand he's sort of a lightly terrifying figure in Zlat?
Yeah I don't know if they're going for lovable or worrisome.
But either way he kind of seems like your tape Liliana.
Well but I need him to have a sense of power.
I like it. I like the sort of Caesar.
The sense of entitlement. Drain out of them.
As they realize there's no escape from my web of eroticism.
And he's, what he feels that way?
Or would he just be grateful?
As I chalked the life out of him.
With my sexual energy.
I don't know Liliana.
No you don't.
Let's just keep moving.
Yeah this is Flor de Valhalla.
If you die in Florida and the gods smile upon you this is where you wake up.
This is what you imagine hell looks like.
Well look one man's hell is another man's Flor de Valhalla.
What are they all wearing?
Does they all need hearing aids?
I have a couple questions.
Or it's one of them. What was that?
Um...
What's the concert?
She's not bad for there being ten people.
People need to hear this important message.
That I am in fact American.
Ooh that's not the highest rated one.
Well look it's not for you.
Some cultural products just aren't for you and you have to accept that.
I do think it's too bad that you know.
Those people are sort of politically coded to not vote for Kamala Harris.
But I feel like that is where she would have a great time.
Yeah I think if she was left to her own devices and you know.
Probably didn't have certain classes in Sinks that most people who have been in politics for decades have.
She'd have a great time there.
Yeah Sinks that's sort of secretly the core of her spirit is whatever was going on at that bar.
And really she just wants to be kind of zanied out in the corner of a knockoff buffalo wild wings.
Just listening to some local cover band sing their one original song.
It's a dream. We can dream of a dream of that for Miss Harris.
Wow this is...
There's some disturbing ones today.
Let's keep showing them off.
They were holding Trump bandages on their ears.
Maybe that's why I'm saying Kamala could be the one to unite this country.
Because what she is a liberal her vibe is Florida bar lady.
Whoa no kink shaming allowed. Let's watch it again.
That's actually just a grunge emerging from stasis every December.
They kind of form out of a bathtub out of a fine jelly.
A fine jelly. Well you know pretty hot jelly.
Or cream? A jelly cream.
Yes that was a grunge emerging from their hibernative jelly cream.
Alright we've got two more to get through today.
I don't know what's the winner today so far.
We've had a lot of sort of... some hovering around seven.
And then some real low scoring ones. Sort of par for the course.
She's a fan of the cream team. Fantastic. I'm a fan of them.
Let me give you their handle in case you didn't notice it.
That was sassy 9353.
In case you want to hit them with a follow.
You know I mean they're covered in disgusting green cream.
That's kind of y'all guys vibe right?
Yeah we're kind of like a nasty green cream probably.
That's probably pretty fair.
Oh my god.
Alright if you have arachnophobia don't watch for the next minute twenty.
I do mean that.
Is this uh...
What's the word for that? I don't know.
Whatever the thing is where you're scared of spiders.
I already said arachnophobia.
I'm pretty sure this is huge ass spiders.
You're gonna head out? Yeah this is the way to hemorrhage viewers.
I guess I could skip it.
Oh my god.
Alright this is a lot.
Are these fake?
Oh these are fake. These are fake.
These are fake. Allow it.
Crowder. Coward.
That's true we don't kink shame here.
It's actually only the first ten seconds that spiders.
So I'll let you know when um...
It's no longer spiders and it's just a guy giving a tiktok reaction.
Or you'll be able to hear it. Let's see what's up.
Bro not the toilet please. Where will I do my business?
Okay these are fake spiders.
Let's say ah gross.
You sort of built it up too much guys.
I think I would be pretty crappy after that situation.
Come here.
I do not think you understand.
Look at me focus.
I don't think you understand how much I would not like that back up a little bit.
Now normally when people wake up in the middle of the night.
Right and they had to use a bathroom.
They normally turn the light on so that they don't trip over anything.
While they use the restroom.
I didn't know certain people have to turn the light on.
Those are coconut crabs?
Coconut crab convention.
Wait are those real?
A colony of coconut crabs if you will.
I don't think I've seen it.
They're known for climbing up trees.
Oh those are real.
Why is they so still?
Does that make sense?
They can lift up to 60 pounds on their own.
And they normally don't travel.
Well that's worse that they're real.
I thought they were spiders.
At this point there's so many in there.
They knew me by name.
They just looked like spider crabs.
One more thing. They look too much like spiders.
I said it. I'm sorry.
If I walk in and think that those are gigantic spiders.
I'm really levitating and teleporting out of fear.
And then when I turn on the light and find out there's just
Mr. Crafts having a family reunion.
I'm still not going to be the happiest camper in the world.
Yeah that's um...
It's alright by me.
What do you mean it's alright by you?
I'm just saying it's sort of sexy.
The prank itself is a little sexy.
You know nobody sees the spider.
A spider attack coming.
Because they feel the fear.
And you're behind them in lingerie and you say.
I brought you a present.
And the presents the coconut crabs?
I don't understand.
What your deal is Liliana.
It would be better if I did but I don't.
Okay let's end with some...
Let's end with a crowd pleaser.
If you've abandoned the spider portion of the stream.
It was actually the crab portion of the stream.
I misled you.
But either way let's just end with something easy to watch.
Oh shit.
This guy has a vibe to him.
Damn.
I'm not going to be the happiest camper in the world.
I'm going to be the vibe to him.
Damn Luigi.
Ooh the point at the end.
He did the point in the call me.
Usually I'm not into younger men but.
If the vibes are there.
Does Luigi count as a younger man?
I think Mario and Luigi are kind of like.
Middle-aged plumbers.
Yeah young men.
Okay young to Liliana.
Well look he can get it.
At least we ended the day on a crowd pleaser.
I'm pleased.
Pleased to meet you Mr. Luigi.
I'll do the point in the call.
I'll go to Alexis.
I can drive up to you.
Just see what you do with it.
Full service washing.
That actually leaves your car a little messier.
You know what I mean?
Oh I know what you mean.
Luigi is the older brother.
That's the winner of the day 9.62.
I don't think they're that young Liliana.
Exclamation point 20 that could have pushed over the edge.
We're pushing ourselves over the edge today.
We're edging.
We're always edging here.
And we've edged our way right off the edge.
That's all the time we have.
We've gone amongst the net.
Way to go today, Buzzerway Gorilla.
You didn't miss a single song.
You play it even when there isn't music.
It's just that good.
And you all just said good.
Thanks for watching.
We now take you out of the webs.
But then kind of back into the webs.
That is the nose.
Of which I'm the madame.
I'm madamewamp.
Liliana. No, not today. I'm madamewamp. Bye bye.
The lights are on.
I don't even know if I can turn these on.
Oh I can. The intro graphics.
You gotta have the tightest intro graphics if you want to go...
amongst the webs.
I made that graphic.
What? No you didn't.
Sure I did.
I made it.
I decided I did.
So Capito...
You have to have the sense of intellectual property ownership.
No I don't. I'm a dog.
As a baitspin demand it.
But I made it.
I worked on it.
Hey, I'll be grand old ago.
Capito's not nice to take credit for things you didn't do.
But it doesn't matter. I don't get it anyway.
You can't just always use the defense that you're a dog.
Yeah I can.
What?
Damn it. I guess he can.
Better dancer, Luigi,
Better dancer, Luigi or Frog.
Okay, we'll do this.
Then we'll kick it to the streets.
Just really trying to load up the streets
with possible opinions.
By the way, if you wanna preload
any opinions for the streets.
It's exclamation point trip.
You know that?
Yeah, I know that.
It's exclamation point trip.
And you can send trip and opinion anytime.
And you can get any time.
Any time?
Any time.
Wow.
Okay, well let's send it down to the debate room floor.
And we'll see who's, we'll settle this once and for all.
Who's a better dancer?
The Frog or Luigi?
We might have to replay the videos, but we can do that too.
Who's a better dancer?
The Frog or Luigi?
I'm the best motherfucking dancer of all,
but that's not even up for debate.
We're debating something else.
I'm up four planes to zero.
I'm way ahead.
Well actually, I'd say by the metric
that actually matters the real score.
Where we actually debate things.
The whole premise of this show.
I'm ahead.
Stop having ghost hair.
Stop bringing it up every time.
I don't.
I just have some visual fluctuations
around my shiny scalp.
Oh thank you for the opinions by the way.
I'd love to see Tripp get opinions.
You like Tripp?
Oh me and Tripper boys.
We go way back.
My street guy like him.
And with street sparse like me.
We were meant to be best friends.
You're, it's your best friend.
Yeah, you know, I'm probably his best friend.
Me.
I'm just busy.
You're such a bad guy.
You're a bad guy.
Thank you for the crumb jet.
Yeah, but I'm immediately followed by a munch jet.
Boom.
What does the plane score even mean?
It means who's more like today?
The answer is always me.
I think we should probably give like an extra 5%
to whoever's ahead in the plane score.
No, that's so dumb.
We're not doing that.
All right, cause you would have to do math.
Oh, I'd have to do math.
Then can we just say I win?
No.
All right, well we're debating who's a better dancer
this frog or this Luigi.
Let's rewatch the frog.
Well, we won't watch all of this
because they're both about a minute long,
but just to set the stage here,
let's check what we have.
We have the contest, this first contestant, the frog.
These are moves.
These are good moves.
Frog knows how to move.
And I'd say, wow, there's a speed
and precision to his movements that
I for one find it just be incredible.
Okay, well look, that's enough of that one.
Let's check in with the other one,
AKA Luigi who's fucking moving and grooving.
This one's only 30 seconds long.
Nice.
They win this succinct battle.
This is how I move.
So I relate to this.
I'll go ahead and take this one.
Oh, of course you take the overtly sexual one.
I mean, I'll happily defend the frog in that case.
Wow.
Damn.
I haven't seen someone move like that
since I kind of sex danced out my mirror this morning.
Okay, well look, the debate is active.
Oh, sorry, your debate music is muted, but, uh,
all right, look, here's the deal.
I'm on the frog side.
Yes, I'm on the Luigi side.
Look, everything doesn't have to be about sex.
I understand there was some real sensuality.
Todd, Luigi was gyrating against that car.
However, I'd like to point out
we don't really have the context, you know,
if that was even appropriate.
Did the driver of that car make eyes at them?
Did they know the Luigi or was that a Luigi?
Just sort of like, um,
that British, that British late night host
in the rat costume, just walking up
and air-humping a car out of nowhere.
Oh yeah, the carpool karaoke guy, James,
James Corden.
Yeah, is that like James Corden,
humping a car out of nowhere?
Shit, I need to help you by telling you
who you're talking about.
Look, well, I'm not done.
You are done, actually, because you are profaning
the morality of my dear sweet sexual Luigi.
All he was doing was putting out a strong vibe,
showing off the goods,
harmlessly humping the front of a car.
That's just good manners.
That's just letting somebody know, yo,
we're out here on the streets tonight.
I'm working with all of this.
I'm working with this quality of move.
What do you think?
He puts the ball in the air-cord at the end,
politely, he has the point.
He says, call me.
Doesn't even give him their number.
That's actually a challenge, saying,
if you liked what you saw, seek me out.
Try to find a fucking phone number to call me at.
Maybe you gotta go through old Nintendo powers
just to find Luigi's fucking number.
That's the level of confidence and sensuality
that dancing Luigi is operating off of.
Meanwhile, your frog is just fucking freaking out,
looking like they're having a frog seizure,
trying to make seizures look fun
instead of a serious medical condition.
Absolutely diminishing the seriousness of seizures?
He was just dancing quickly.
All he's doing is dancing in sort of a jerky.
We don't even know.
We've never actually observed frogs dancing,
and except today, where we observed a frog winning,
I'm two ahead.
Oh!
I got that one.
We can cut the part where I'm just talking about it.
This should be doing the frog dance.
This is all going in the sun.
What?
Boy.
Bono, bup, bup, boop, bono.
Kendall's calling.
Kendall's calling.
I will take the call from Kendall.
I'll bring reason two to four.
I've challenged status quo
and exposed the lie that or.
Hold on tight.
Prepare for a ride.
The truth will shine.
That's my creed.
You burden me with your questions,
but facts and science all heed the things you say.
Your twisted tales just give you away.
The things you say.
I'm Leonard Crumb, believe me.
The things you say.
Your twisted tales just give you away.
The things you say.
Kendall's doing great.
Your crumb believe.
She called to say that it's just so unfair,
but just happened with that full vote.
I'm not even close.
She called to complain about the vote.
Yeah, she called to say that was wildly unfair.
I just said a bunch of stuff,
and that watching you dance.
Is this the bridge?
Gay for epilepsy.
You gave her epilepsy.
Now who is diminishing the seriousness of epilepsy
by claiming that she and me dance
triggered a seizure in Kendall?
That's what she called to tell me.
We should add Kendall to munch.
The votes already occurred.
Oh, now you're a stickler for the rules.
I've always been a stickler for the rules.
And I'm just relieved that for what?
The nice family friendly option, one on the stream,
just a cute bra doing some fast dance moves
instead of a Luigi spreading their sensuality
all over the street for everybody to see.
Everybody likes to see a little sensuality spread on the street.
That's why I'm friends with Tripp, and you're not.
I, Tripp and I can get along.
Trump doesn't believe in women's rights to vote.
I've always said that.
You do always say that, but it doesn't make sense.
I actually had majority female support
when I was running for mayor of Kremchen.
You're crumb believable.
I love the women of the female voters of America.
I probably represent them, and their right to choose.
Oh, the right to choose to do anything but vote, apparently,
which you don't even care.
It's just how all you do is just make things up.
That's all you are, is you're made up.
I made, I'll make up the fucking points, which I did,
and that's why I'm ahead.
I made up the points.
I used to be behind, but now I'm ahead of you.
I'm winning.
I'm actually sort of the reigning champion
of this entire stream.
This is your champion.
This is the champion.
Not even a paper champion.
You're like whatever humans use before paper type,
you're like wood.
You're shitty, you're not, no stone tablets are cool.
You're like a fucking crappy piece of grass
that somebody put on the ground to make a shape.
Grass champion, but not weed.
Crappy grass, tumbleweed.
That's kind of cool, that's sort of Western.
Poop, you're poop champion.
Of course, he settled on poop.
It took him a while to get there,
but he cleared out the cobweb jug in his brain.
He dug deep, and he found the word poop.
What a surprise.
Aren't we all made up in a sense?
No, only crumb is.
That's all the time we have.
Is that all the time we have?
Yeah, that is all the time.
Actually, I'll do the outro because I won.
I'm winning.
Papyrus, that's a great word for you.
You've got a whole papyrus vibe.
I would proudly have a papyrus vibe.
That's innovative and ancient.
An ancient innovation.
A legend, if you will.
The key word there is...
And you got nothing.
I got everything.
I feel everything.
I'm like, I'm fucking Dr. Manhattan,
but instead of my dick being blue, it's just big.
Didn't you have kind of a big penis?
You thought Dr. Manhattan had a big penis.
Didn't you have a huge kind of package?
No, he had a very normal ass penis.
He's in shape.
If a guy's in shape at a baseline,
their penis usually looks all right.
They had a very normal penis.
If I was Dr. Manhattan,
they wouldn't allow us to even show the penis.
It would have been too obscene.
Because mine just radiates so much masculinity,
it would detract from the plot.
How did we even get here?
Oh, we got here because we're done here.
We're done here and actually I'm doing the outro.
That's all the time we have.
Boom.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You think you pulled some kind of trick
by doing an outro?
You do the outro every time.
Yeah, I do.
Keep that in mind.
It was big.
It wasn't that big.
Maybe to other people, to me,
I was like whatever to it.
Camille was whatever.
He can see everything.
He should have seen himself to a bigger penis.
That's all I'm saying.
I'm not trying to size change.
He's an immortal being.
This is a debate for another time.
We'll see you soon.
All the wolves in chat know what I'm talking about.
They get it.
And we'll be backing behind you
and eating you and killing you.
I'm enough munch-cut and this is my show.
Not your show.
Well, it's actually my show too.
Stop muting my mic during the outro.
Can we cut his mic, please?
Can we cut his fucking mic?
No, you can't.
Because you don't know how to do anything.
Fuck it.
Settle down, everyone.
Settle down.
Can't change your height.
Can't change your penis.
Couldn't you have made his penis however big he wants?
Wasn't he just kind of blue energy
in the shape of a human?
He could have the biggest.
He could have a universally sized hog.
He's making planets out of nowhere.
He's making people out of nowhere.
In my book, it looked pretty big.
No debate needed.
Or street debate needed.
If you have an opinion on Dr. Manhattan's penis
or anything going on in the world,
exclamation point trip is how you kick into the streets,
which is what I'm gonna do right now.
It's time for trip on the streets.
Where's my dang glasses?
Ah, there they are.
Sorry.
Just woke up from a...
My hair's all crazy.
I'm taking a bush nap.
No surprise there.
Great to see everybody.
It's me, it's Tripp Moranstein
back out on here on these streets.
Ready to take out your opinions?
It's a sort of bush muck on my glasses.
Send me an opinion, it's exclamation point trip.
That's how you send it to the streets
in this flawless system that's never broken even once.
I will then find your opinion out here on the streets
in the form of a person who says it exactly,
exactly what you meant every time.
Well, it's hot on the streets today,
almost like someone's AC is broken.
Broken AC on the streets.
It's what they love to see on the streets.
All right, well, let's not waste any time.
Yeah, no AC.
No Alexandria Cortez or AC on the streets.
The normal type of AC.
All right, I see that all of you are feisty
and ready to tell me what you think.
So let's not waste any time.
I see someone who wants to chat approaching me right now.
Sir, can you give me your name
and if you have any opinions?
Hey, hello.
Good to see you.
I don't know who this is.
I'm Donald Trump, Donald Trump here.
Yeah, you don't sound much like him.
I sound like me like I always do
and it's good to be here.
All right, well, whatever.
If they're, listen, I wanted to say
if there's any couch fucker around here, it's me.
I'm the best couch fucker around.
It's me.
Tell me where it is.
I'll fuck it.
Preferably white couches.
I fuck my 17 year old couch every day.
Old for a couch.
Fake news that that's wrong.
You can fuck a couch that old.
That's a long time for a couch to live.
She's got a lovely figure.
I bought her myself, but that's fine with couches.
Do I consider myself the couch's dad?
Yeah, I do.
And I fuck it, but it's a couch.
The standards are different.
Listen, everybody in this country
has a couch that they've fucked.
I fuck mine the best
and that's why they're so mad at me
for admitting that I fucked it.
Because they're jealous.
They're after me.
It's a witch hunt to find the couch I fuck
so they can get sloppy couch seconds.
Too late, I already had my couch cleaned.
I can afford to get my couch cleaned
every time I fuck it.
And I do.
Sir, you're just kind of really going off here.
I'm not done.
Listen, is it a hard couch?
Is it a soft couch?
It can be both.
It actually responds to the Florida heat.
If it's really wet out, the couch gets soft.
If it's a less humid day, the couch is hard.
And I make love to it, depending on my mood
and my gauge of how soft the couch is.
Someday I want a hard couch to fuck.
Someday I want to feel like I'm fucking a swamp
and I do both.
And I'm one of the best people to fuck it.
And they ask my couch, it won't say anything
because it's a couch.
But if these couches could talk,
they'd say I had a great time and thank you.
And I don't have it.
That's all I have time for.
And that's all I have.
Whoop, there's a mosquito out here.
Sorry, I'm not a bit of a hair trigger
when it comes to buzzing noises.
You gotta watch out for bugs.
And any other word that starts with B that goes by your ear.
Okay, my point is I fucked my couch.
All right, that's a lot.
There's a lot going on.
It's great.
Did you know that Emperor Palpatine
is coming down from Canada?
They're pouring over the Canadian border.
It's not just the one border anymore.
The late, great Emperor Pelty.
He's coming over in a robe.
He can't even see his face.
Okay, I'm done.
Do not get, I'm done.
I was done first.
Everybody saw it.
And bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
We have fun.
Got good hair.
No shark talk?
He's talking about sharks lately?
I don't think that was him.
That was like a low level club impersonator of him
that's suffering from mental issues.
That's all I'm saying.
Is that I just kind of doubt that it was him.
It's me.
I'm back.
Oh my God, please.
The music is playing.
I just really wanted to clarify.
It's definitely the real me.
I fucked my couch and I wanna make sure that's clear.
Or it is clear.
It's extremely clear, Mr. President.
Do you have any more to say?
Oh, he's gone.
He walked off.
Okay, well let's see.
Let's see who else is out here today.
A strong start to people saying things.
Oh, this looks like a cool guy to follow up.
What's your deal?
You wanna talk to me?
I'm Trippy B.
Yeah, Trippy B checked this freaky style I was born with.
What?
I feel so loopy tonight.
And I need someone to make me feel all right.
So bring your body here.
Bring your body here, baby.
Ha ha.
You know?
What are you talking about?
Bring your body here, buddy.
Tripp have no fear.
I'm gonna make you twisty loopy way
as your sexy Rob Elvie.
I'm Rob Elvie.
You're on band.
I got a new style and I'm full of confidence now.
Oh my God, it's fucking Rob Elvie.
Wait, you're bringing out,
you're smoking the peace pipe today?
Listen, I feel slick and cool.
I find a hat that works for me.
And I just came to wave the flag of,
I don't lose, I don't win,
but I guess what's the word?
Why does my hat, the flag of truth?
All that bygones be big ones, be big orons.
If you stop being a big moron
and leave the park forever,
you're unbanned as long as you don't come back.
What?
Listen, you're unbanned.
All you need to do is leave the park and never return.
And we'll just call it even.
That's the same thing as a band, Rob.
No, you're not getting it.
I'm saying we're chill, man, we're good.
I just leave the park, man, we're good, no need.
Never come back.
Never come back.
We're so good, I don't ever need to see you again here.
Rob, you're not tricking me.
You're too dumb to do tricks
and get the fuck outta here.
You said it best race, Ylva.
I will not.
Cause you don't have banning and unbanned powers
that I'm unbanned actually.
I asked that guy on the bike
and he told me he was driving by,
I said I'm unbanned and I heard a ding ding
and that means two for yes.
And you're not either, we're good, man.
You're being crazy and angry.
We're not good.
You're saying the same thing you always say.
You're banned.
I talked to the mayor of this park
who is that guy that looks like Keanu Reeves
and he agrees with me.
So get the fuck outta here.
Well, good luck ever catching me.
I literally have a thousand fights.
I'm a man of a thousand dreams.
Every one of which you're banned in.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
And you won't see me coming.
We're friends now.
We're fucking friends now.
How are we friends now?
How are we friends now?
Hear him out?
Maybe I should have heard him out.
Shoot, I feel guilty now.
How, why do I feel guilty?
He's the one being a...
Let's just keep going.
We've got more opinions to give.
We've got five opinions waiting.
I don't have time to hear out
every single Rob Elvirant that comes my way.
Oh, great.
Sorry, I have to move aside for a bus.
Just give me one second.
No, don't.
Don't move aside.
I wanna talk to you.
Oh, nevermind, it's a talking,
excuse me, it's a talking bus.
That's right, bussy here.
Make sure you get off at the proper time
and use proper etiquette.
Now drop that shit, DJ.
Drop that shit.
I don't think Case prepared the bussy bomb.
I'm so sorry, but I can't drop that for you.
What?
Double check.
Double check, please, please.
Double check what?
Just do a comprehensive search.
Please.
I think Case needs to get it off
a different, older computer.
I'm just not sure that there's anything
that can be done.
Drop that shit.
I have this.
No, that doesn't, nevermind, that doesn't load.
It's not a compatible file format,
so I just, I got nothing for you.
Don't play sad music.
All I wanted was to drop that shit.
I wanted to drop a bussy bomb.
Instead I got nothing.
Well, you had a bus still.
You talked about proper bus safety etiquette,
that counts for something.
It doesn't mean anything if I don't drop that shit.
I wrote this song, it means a lot to me.
Stop fucking with Case's,
at least when Case sings over beats,
it fucks up.
You were just lip-singing.
Stop doing that to my voice.
I'm just emotional, man.
All right, well, here, how about this?
Tell me if this makes you feel better.
Ahem.
All right, turn on your notifications.
You know my favorite song to sing on the bus?
We'll talk to the bus, go round and round.
Round and round, round and round.
Whoa.
Round and round, we'll talk to the bus, go round and round.
Yeah.
Everybody fucking to the back of the bus.
Get to the back of the bus and get fucked.
Whoa, stop it.
Stop it.
I cut the beat off.
I was gonna go in.
Hype bus, it's a children's song.
We don't need you fucking.
Sorry, I misread the tone.
You did, enough bus.
Thank you, but you've got stops to make.
I hear the kids in your bus kinda freaking out.
Yeah, that's true.
My bus is full of kids.
Yeah, I don't like that.
What, I'm a school bus.
Of course I'm full of kids.
Now just get out of here, bus.
I don't know how I feel about you.
All right, I am in a hurry.
Play my song.
It does go kinda hard.
Anyway, we're getting copyrighted the hell out today
if we're not careful.
Aren't we all full of kids in a sense?
Yeah, but most of those kids don't have anywhere to be
unless they come to be, which many of them won't be.
You know what I mean.
Let's see who else is out here today.
I've got four more fresh opinions to get to.
The horn on the bus goes blap, blap, blap.
That does sound right.
Okay, let's talk to this next fellow.
Excuse me, I'm tripping Bradstein.
Do you have a moment to spare?
Sir?
Yeah, he's Sammi.
Hey, Tripp, he's Sammi Mario.
Have you seen my brother?
We've been looking for him.
Last I heard he was washing cars or something.
But he told me he was looking for a ghost
in an old mansion with some creepy old scientist.
Anyway, I miss him.
I'm gonna go max out Peach's credit cards
on anything I want.
Bye.
Wait, Mario, don't you have anything to say for yourself?
Get to the back of the bus where we fuck.
Everybody in the bus can't get fucked.
The wheels, yeah, they spin around and around,
but meanwhile we in the back of the bus going down.
Fuck in the bus.
Stop it, Mario.
Stop.
What is with everyone today?
Why is everybody fucking in the back of the bus?
Sorry, I got to go.
But I start to play with my body.
Jesus Christ.
Why is my face so red?
I'm flushed, because I'm embarrassed.
Then I keep getting all these guests on
that just want to talk about fucking in the back of the bus.
That's where Chad is, I think.
At least traditionally, they're in the back of something.
All right, well, let's see.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Oh God, what is this?
Sir, thing, creature, person, place, whatever.
Do you have an opinion for me?
I'm Tripp Bradstein.
Hey, Tripp.
Dr. Manhattan's penis here.
Whoa, you're not a penis.
Oh my God, is that what it looked like?
Look, that's just my name.
I'm not the penis of a comic book, you know.
I'm trying to stand up more straight for you, sorry.
Jesus Christ, it's a blobfish removed from the water.
That claims to be Dr. Manhattan's penis.
Why are you whispering?
I'm right here.
Listen, my dear sweet mother Gertrude penis
of the Hampton Penises named me Manhattan.
Okay, yes, okay, with an apostrophe to be clear.
All right, and then I became a doctor
to help people and make society better.
Then, what did you know?
That damn watchman came out and dang near ruined my life.
That's what ruined your life?
I was all roses for me until that dang Dr. Manhattan came in.
Now it's like a, it's like if my name was,
what, Michael Buble?
I'm most to go and I used to know a guy named Michael Buble.
Now everybody thinks, oh, you're the singer?
No, he's just my friend Michael.
But it's maybe even worse for me
because everybody assumes I'm Dr. Manhattan's penis.
I would honestly not look, looking at you,
that would not be my first assumption.
Yeah, you probably just think I'm a doctor.
Well, I don't know if doctors have a specific look,
learned and wise, usually a little,
got a little of that E.R. George Clooney charm to him.
Guilty is charged, but then I say,
actually it's Dr. Manhattan's penis.
And they say, oh, from the movie?
That's what they say.
That's their first question.
Yep, yep.
You like this goo?
I like goo too.
I mean, he's saying you look like goo.
Who's saying?
They're saying I like this goo and I like them goo too.
Sorry, I'm being combative.
It's my instinct, because I'm kind of worried everybody's,
everybody's gonna what?
Get on the bus and get fucking the back.
The seats are wet because we on the attack.
We all fuck till the bus was bombed out with sex.
Fucking shit.
Dr. Manhattan's penis, I also wrap about fucking on buses
as a side, that's my side passion.
There must be something in the air today.
Or the bus is made everyone sick.
No, I'm a doctor.
I, if anything, I make people unsick,
but my beats are sick.
And the way I fuck on the bus is sick.
Okay.
Well, thank you for your medical opinion, sir.
I'm a big fan.
You should join us on the bus.
I'm hoping it's a different bus, Skymer.
Or at least they drop all the kids off first.
And maybe they have the secondary route for the bus
that picks up the adults.
All right, well, I don't know.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Oh boy.
We've unlocked some unique ones today.
Unique.
All right, whatever, let's talk to this person.
Yes, a man or whatever.
Do you mind talking to me on Trip Bradstein?
Papito.
What's this about fucking couches?
I hump couches all the time.
Sorry, what's your name?
Greb.
Okay.
Who do you think left the stain on the G4 couch?
I'm humping your couch right now.
You're talking to Papito?
Yeah, if he hears this.
Where's the couch that you're fucking?
It's in my dress.
I'm humping it.
How does that work?
I had to set up a pulley system.
It gyrates the couch against my loins.
But it's generated by my body heat, the movement.
So in a sense, I'm humping the couch
even when I'm standing still.
Because my body heat is generating the force
to move the couch.
Cut to the couch cam?
It's not set up today.
Did you shrink down Cases Couch, put it in your dress
and you're currently humping it
using an elaborate pulley system?
Yes, yes.
Guilty as charged.
Okay, well, that's why with great power comes me on a couch.
Well, I'll let Case know that he should get a new couch.
I'll return it, used.
All right, there enough.
Well, thank you, miss.
Thank you for not rapping about fucking a bus
in the back of a bus.
No, I'm too busy fucking a couch.
Otherwise I would be on the bus.
Oh yeah, I should have asked if they're ant-man.
How are they doing that?
Okay, let's see.
Wait a minute, this is me approaching me.
Excuse me, me, do you have a thing to say to me?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Wah!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ah!
Internet fries are actually good.
An even better animal style.
Ah!
Big fan.
Ahem.
That was the last opinion of the day.
And that seems like a decent stopping point for me.
I've had visions of that before,
dreaming peacefully in my bush.
And I always assumed they were an elaborate ruse, but...
Perhaps not.
Perhaps he's real.
Anyway, what can you do about it?
Sometimes there's a doppelganger of you
that transforms into a bee version face of you
or something that just says your sort of
weird sleep opinions to you, but in your waking life.
That's all the time I have for today, don't worry.
I won't let some bee doppelganger
scare me off the streets.
I'll be staying right here in fact
and never leaving for even a fucking second
because guess what?
I'm Tripp Radstein and that's just the way it is.
Bye bye.
Yeah, those types of segments are the reason
that I'm this apartment complex's top neighbor.
The number one neighbor.
All right, sick.
You know, I think, what else did I say
that you would talk about today?
I think something.
I think we have like 10 minutes left.
We'll do a quick news story.
Oh yeah, this guy marrying a sex doll.
You know what, that seems like a decent DJ music story.
Let's set it off with some DJ music
just to really make my neighbors hate me.
Uh, we've got some hot sex doll news.
That's the purview of music, I would say.
So let's see what the music makes us feel.
Oh yeah.
We're back in the music now.
Good to see everybody.
There's the president.
Let's pop this off today.
Music.
Good to see everyone.
As usual, I need to activate my lasers now.
Lasers popping off.
Splut out, splut out, splut out.
All right.
Hope everybody's having a beautiful day today.
Look, there's a lot of news going around the world
and sometimes it hurts that music hurts so good.
But sometimes the music really is love.
And this is a story of love, an unusual type of love
between muscle and silicone.
A match made in heaven.
But I'll let you be the judge.
Because some people are judging one man's love.
Maybe a little too much.
Let's see.
One last thing for me to set up right now.
Boom.
Music.
Let's get into it, baby.
Oh yeah, it's been a minute since I heard this track.
Turn that up, turn that shit up in my headphones.
Yeah.
No thanks, Daily Star.
Don't notify me about any of this.
Oh.
I'm in love and not a killer.
But my body is growing.
You could call me a bodybuilder.
A down south.
What out, what out, what out?
What's going on now?
What out?
I'll tell you what's up now.
A bodybuilder's blood out, blood out.
When eccentric cars extend, a bodybuilder.
That number one love filler.
He made a headline by marrying a sex doll.
A sex doll, a sex doll.
But that's not all.
It's not a lighting and confusing with fans.
But identifying as a caveman.
What's he doing in that caveman?
Well, he's making love because he can't do a doll.
The one of a kind, pansexual.
Yuri Tolochko.
37, yo.
First hit the headlines.
Yadda, dadda.
When he was married, sex doll Margot.
In November 2020, what out?
Before trading up for a new number one lover.
Who happened to be an ashtray?
Before the sex doll, it was an ashtray.
All day, all day.
What can you say?
A sex doll and an ashtray.
What?
Hey, then he moved from the ashtray to two new models.
What are they doing?
Luna and Lola.
Yeah, they were a girl.
Well, you know that they love that Luna and Lola.
They also happened to be made of silicone.
But they was fully grown.
Lola most memorable is memorably rub-samble the humongous chicken
with a humanoid head.
What up then?
The humanoid head of a chicken man.
But he loved that doll.
And that's not all because also Luna was involved.
And now Yuri has taken to Instagram
to say that he's gone savage.
Well, can you handle that?
He is a savage.
Can we even manage?
Or with this savage?
He wrote in a post alongside a topless snap.
What app Caveman?
Under nature.
He hashtagged Yuri Savage.
And he's a caveman.
Of course, he tagged his location
with a special sensation.
From ashtray to chicken to a normal sex doll sensation.
There he is looking extra fit.
You know that he's feeling split because he loves
an ashtray, a chicken and a traditional sex doll
at the same damn time.
His fans were enamored with the carousel of topless images.
But he's been an incorrigible romantic from a very young age.
This is what he wrote in a previous post.
For the first time I fell in love at four years old.
It was a girl who lived in my house.
We also went to the same kindergarten.
They were both four, so this is fine.
Then I fell in love at age 11 with the daughter of my teacher.
Not done yet.
When I was 20 years old, I fell in love with a girlfriend whom
we studied at the same academy.
We grew up together and we went through a lot.
Our relationship lasted seven years.
Then sometime passed and I fell in love with a guy.
He was an actor in one theater.
This was my first experience with a guy.
So I was actually in love.
Our romance didn't last long several months.
This gave an impetus for transformation.
It happened about eight or nine years ago.
Of course, after that romance, I had other romances with men.
I'm being sexual.
Well, damn.
We learned a lot about Yuri there.
We learned that he loves ashtrays.
He loves sex dolls.
And he loves men and chicken dolls, men.
But I feel like underrepresented in that news story
was the side of the chicken.
And I think we're uniquely qualified here
to correct that injustice.
I think we might have talked to this chicken once before.
But let's let this chicken talk for themselves.
But let's try a different beat.
No, we'll go with this one, actually.
Look, we let all sides say their piece here,
whether you're an ashtray, a sex doll, or a chicken sex doll.
So let's find out it all.
Let's talk to the chicken sex doll.
Here we go.
Listen up.
Love comes in many flavors, guy.
Sometimes you find just the right cosmic study
that you know you want to say.
But how?
I'm hard and you're looking sleek.
Let's get this going between the chicken sheets.
You look about as stiff as a beak.
Then I got a place to put it if you're feeling unique.
I'm talking man on chicken love,
but the bottom half girl.
Chicken sex doll gonna rock your world.
I just got the head of a chicken.
So fucking listen.
Down south, baby, this shit is human vision.
Talking hot fucking puss.
Ready to bust.
E. I check in pussy, but it's a human check in pussy, y'all.
It's a human vagina, but a chicken head.
Y'all getting it now.
DJ knows it.
When you see this human check in pussy,
you're going to lose it.
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry, just to be clear, you're saying it's like a mermaid,
but just the head is.
You're like a chicken mermaid, but reversed with just
the chicken head.
That's kind of it.
Does it have wings or arms?
I've got human fucking arms, but my spirit's soaring.
Never boring.
A chicken loring.
Down south pouring.
I'm talking wet.
Chicken moist is the best.
It melts in your mouth, and it passed the test.
I'm talking breath.
White meat, dark meat, chicken fucking treat.
Human body down south, hot chicken mouth,
big, so sharp that I might poke your penis out.
Sharpest blow jobs in the business,
but I always make you feel nice.
Yeah, it hurts so good when I peck that wood,
getting chicken blow jobs just because you know it.
Good.
Nya-nya.
Nya-nya.
Nya-nya.
Nya-nya.
With your chicken bittles, make you go,
win-win-win-win-win.
Make you.
What?
Well, that was a lot.
We learned a lot today.
Or an or nothing.
We at least learned about not this guy.
We learned about this guy.
OK.
Well, that's the whole fucking stream.
I'm going to say good game and shout out to Yuri,
because you know we don't get ashamed.
We got a chicken on stream
To bring you the cream
But now you know that baby
This is the end of the dream
We gonna drape Gina darlin'
On this very special day
You know that it's alright
Because it's her birthday
It's her birthday grade
So say that shit
It's happy birthday coming
Straight from Kasey
You know it's lit
It's Miss Gina darlin'
And here is the thing
Every day is fuckin' birthday
With cream
She's on the stream right now
So subber the fuck out
And give her that special birthday shout
Alright
That's it y'all
Thank you all so much for hanging out
That's all the time we got for today
I'll be in the chat of Gina darlin'
Wishing her happy birthday as well
And the raid is happening now
07, see you later
Bye bye, thanks for the support
Woo!
Bow bow bow da da da da da
A secret stream is happening now
Just kidding, that's all we got time for
Bye bye