everybody. I realize that there's still some slight residual screaming going on
from the from the award show. Good to see you all. How's it going propaganda? Jay
Money, Uncle Phil? Yes, let us freaking bin. Why not, Reverie Wolf? Whoa, where's that
going? That's being tortured in the back. A little bit. Matt Liddell gonna
see a John Michael Card King entity of course. Smoke packs bundle sprout. The
only news where I give myself a happy ending in the beginning. Damn. Not sure if
that means you just jerk off and log off immediately or if you just like the
beginning. Either way I'm fine with it. Thanks for the follow witty skeleton
doctor, my favorite doctor. You got to go see a skeleton with a good witty
sense of humor. A junk dog. Gearl is Joe Nomad. Of course. Great to see you.
Sometimes you stick around. Need a cuddle. Oh yeah, baby. Give me aftercare is
important. Microphone 900. Thank you so much for the 750 bits. That's crazy.
That's good job. Is that that's a thing I forgot that I made a long time ago.
It's a button I can't hit. But thank you so much for the 750. He did a good job.
You're crumbing? We're all crumbing at our own pace. I love to crumb. Push it back.
Push it back away from me. Why does that thing appear like that? I have no idea.
I'll have to figure that out later. There's no time now. Boom. How unreasonable has
my munch been to work with since the award show? He's in a mood. He's kind of
being like emo munch right now. I don't know. The news is hitting him oddly.
As you might expect. You love the set? Me too. The best news room.
That you can buy via 88 kph. The best news room that one graphic designer can build.
Grats on to getting munch from munch. I'm trying to not read people's
things as literally and actually assume their intention. Thank you so much.
Card King. Conscripting. More psychore into the news. You've been trapped here psychore.
You're stuck now. Should one man have that much power though? I've never heard anyone saying no
one mentioned all that power. Then years later they lose their mind. So yes I should.
Yes entity. The entity. Oh yeah I have a papito wrap. I just rolled this over from the other
goal that we had on the lethal company stream. But this is a news stream where we do news.
I got an itch. I got an itch done there. You know they banned implied nudity from Twitch.
That's kind of old news now. But maybe we should talk about it at some point.
But is it implied if I just tell you I'm nude below the desk? I'm not. But if I say that I am
am I banned? What's even allowed anymore? You know smoke fix?
I have a question mark for me as well. Technically you're implying nudity all the time.
Exactly. Twitch doesn't know what's happening down here. I could have three nude men under
this desk or women. Kendall you want to say hi? What? Kendall's tired. She's sleeping in our news nap
room. The new the now how do you combine news and naps? Noups room? Noups room? She looks great though.
What's that? I let her nap for two hours. That is true. But you seem to need it.
Can I make the lights better? I can make the lights better. I'm trying to protect everyone's
Alexis at home. I'm trying to protect you all. Still a little bright in here. Now the uh
there might be some flies that move in when I make it darker for Kendall but that's fine.
She'll never be a real streamer again that way. Kendall when are you going to start
streaming again? No response. Also if you want at some point I can swap to a
lethal company stream if you get bored. She said she's going to go clean the bathtub.
Oh we got the scrubber brush. We got the scrub we big time got the scrubber brush.
Oops she's out of here. Where's she going? I don't even know.
Scoot me over just a little. There it is. We need the Kendall stream. I agree. I keep telling her to
stream. We're about to hit you with a hot news scrubber update. The only news that matters.
The news scrubber update. Riri also good to see you. Hope you're having a good one.
The internet must know which brush you got. We're about to tell you. What's that?
Oh she said get out of the way. Nobody wants to see me. Also the subs are coming in hot and fast
in honor of this scrubber brush. I know what the people really want. They want to see Kendall in
this automatic scrubber brush. Oh my god it's like a fucking ghostbusters pack. Can you turn it on?
Can you show them the force? Oh sorry. I see I'm sorry. I should give you give you better
presentation music. I don't even know if I have it. Do you think they heard me? A little pop?
I need everyone to be silent. Everyone to be silent. Not that. It wasn't poppy at all.
Okay are you ready? Oh shit. Wait I just realized I don't think this works handheld.
What do you mean? Oh my god. What do you mean? I fucked up. What? I fucked up. What it's too long?
What's the wrong with it? It looks fine to me. I have a piece. Oh I fucked up real bad. It's too long?
Yeah look that's fine. This is so long. There's some that's adjustable. Yeah but it's got an adjustable
head. There's some that are just the handle. Oh yeah if we're in like we're very spelunking
and trying to clean a cave then we're screwed but in those bathrooms I think we'll be fine.
This is cool. Oh right sorry. Hold this. Okay where's the motor? Internal. Look at that head.
It's so adjustable. It's insanely adjustable. Can you believe it? My head is like super down.
Well yeah you're in the you're in the noobs room. Okay anyway that's uh what's the brand?
Vo weak. Having a bad week? Make it a vo weak. How adjustable is it? You don't even want to know
the places we put this thing. We put it every filthy place in the apartment.
Okay now I feel ready to do some news. I'm ready to go. Good job. I think Kendall made a good purchase.
Implied nudity. Delete the vod. We've had enough accidental nudity this week.
Well you know I'll never tell. I'll never tell.
Bunch that into my ass. It's my headphones go away. That's the cost.
Oh there it is. Yeah.
What just happened? See the is-a-god. The god of subs. Kendall's out of here. That's all we get.
She's gonna watch Supernatural. You gonna watch Delivery? Pretty soon. I'm gonna have my own
little office and I won't have to bother Kendall every time I stream. And then I can stream for
12 hours every day. You know? I actually have no idea when we're moving it. It was supposed to be like
soon. And now it's very unclear what it's gonna be. Like assuming some point in February.
24 hour new house stream? Probably not. Yes? What? Oh Alexa set bathroom to warm white.
Alexa set living room to warm white. She didn't do it. She didn't do it at all.
Whatever. Okay enough fucking around. Can she wash the tub? For what I paid for this Alexa?
$15? Yeah it should be able to. Okay let's do some news. We will do a 24 hour stream again at
some point. But there we go that helps. But I'm gonna give it a minute because they do kind of
burn my brain out. And it will be easier to do at the new place. Because there's just you know
Kendall can actually go to bed without having to hear me. Having to hear munch and crumb
scream at each other. And I would have a neighbor to scream at me. Okay I gotta think some subs.
I was so enraptured by that beautiful. Oh there's a hype train going. But it's completed.
The hype train came and went and fell asleep. I'm sorry I missed the hype train.
Fuck like a young man but resting between believe me. And I was a young man I needed
rest as well. I've only been in shape for very brief periods in my life.
And to daddy thank you again for the five subs that's wild. Cytrix porn it on.
Filth the mutt. You've been conscripted by Cytrix. CV loves you as always the maniac.
Showering me with subs. Whether I deserve it or not. The god of subs.
And to daddy another sub to Riri. And now Riri is stuck here as well. She's been
forcibly conscripted into the news. And CV loves you conscripting in another person
in the news. Thank you all so much. The hype train honestly it only gets to exist
when you summon it and then it phases out of reality. No memory of what it was, where it was,
who it was. So thank you for giving life to it. Even if it's doomed to die. It's a beautiful
sign when it's alive. When it destroys Cleveland. We love Filth the Mutt.
They're a VTuber? Well welcome Filth the Mutt. I don't think you're in chat but I'm going to
pretend you are. We need to see an interview with whatever logo you used to cover up your pick.
Wait we need to see an interview. Whatever logo you used to cover up your pick. We need
them to tell us what they saw. What logo did I use? Oh shit. Papito's got a wrap.
Let's do a news story. Then we'll get to this Papito wrap. I assumed I should at least run down
the Jeffrey Epstein situation just a little bit. I don't really feel like anything that new was
illuminated just sort of the same names you'd expect but that's fine. Are you still doing the
murder mystery stream? That is still a plan although it's been over a year so I would understand
why some people may have abandoned any hope of it happening. But I do think this year I should
actually have the time to make it happen. It's just uh it's kind of got to be me organizing
a lot of things ultimately um you know like for free. It's like a lot of work but I am going to do it.
The only I mean I could do it like a way more stripped down version but I feel like the thing that
Fianna and I both were interested in was doing it like live at a studio with cameras and a lot of
XG4 talent uh and it's just been a little bit of a headache to try to make that happen.
No you already hit the sub goal for the murder mystery. I refuse to do another sub goal although
it was on Fionna's channel that you hit it but that doesn't mean I shouldn't do it and also it
would just be fun to do. It'd be fun to do it just as like it's it'll cost a little bit of
both money and time which now I honestly have enough of both that I should be fine.
Exactly time, money, scheduling, and lube the main things that I always hold you back
and poo poo choo choo. The other thing that holds me back the poo poo choo choo. Yeah maybe it is crumb.
I also I would really like to get Kevin out for it but I haven't talked to Kevin about it yet.
I think if I schedule it around him he might be done. If I just make it so if I trap him
if I tell him it's something he'd actually like an AI summit featuring all of his favorite
YouTubers that talk about AI and then you're trapped it's actually a murder mystery.
Now you have to perform. Dance for me Kevin monkey. Lube the offset of hold back that's true it makes it
slippy. You can slide right in. Let's talk a little bit about this Epstein stuff.
I'm curious uh 19 more okay unmasked okay anyway let's see what this even is.
Let's see what all the fuss is about. Maybe there's nothing going on here.
Maybe it's all above board and fine. Whoa it's too long.
You know what words you don't need. Unmasked that's just weird and I'll say
there we go. Okay this was a CV loves you request. I don't think this is going to be a regular
contributor to this fine this beautiful network that we've established here.
CV loves you loves you requested some resident evil villains make an appearance
and seeing as this is about wealthy creepy old psychos doing terrible things I thought
why not ask Salazar from resident evil to come cover this story with me.
So he agreed to pop in all the way from Spanish Transylvania uh to talk about Jeffrey Epstein
please welcome to the desk Ramon Salazar. Well it's good to be here I don't usually get to
talk about international news I usually have to talk about bugs that are sort of ruling bugs rule
everything around me bugs get the buggies dollar dollar bugs y'all you know that's sort of my whole
life so it's nice to get to talk about the international news that matters. Thanks Salazar
it is hard leaving the castle CV loves you I honestly don't I don't get to talk to Americans
very much usually when they show up I immediately send my two weird things after them my right and
left hand I call them but they're more like giant bug man a lot of bugs in your life again
is a bug heavy society in Spanish Transylvania but maybe it is here for you too it's hard to say
you Americans seem to be getting up to some pretty some pretty fucked up things with your
wealthies be doing bad things too so far I don't think they've infected me with um the wealthy uh
you know cabal of leadership in the United States I don't think I've been infected with a bug virus
yet that turns my insides into sort of squirming tentacles but I could be wrong maybe they're
gonna maybe my head's gonna explode at any minute you'd be surprised it can happen like that
anyway what do you do here you talk about the news let me try this um oh this isn't working
can you fix this please for me so I can see the story uh okay that's not quite right though
fix it please that's better okay and that's a little better come on you what kind of
dog and pony show is this fix your little graphics for me so I can talk about the perverts
I've met a lot of American perverts they come to my castle we have a good time
well see if any of them are named in these documents what I released the Salazar documents
that's what you really want to see believe me have you ever just brought over like 20 villagers and
infected them with bugs in front of various ex presidents I've never done that Salazar
you're not even living man 19 new court documents expected to contain information on
associates of late pedophile Jeffrey Epstein now that is quite the epitaph late pedophile
yep they'd have the epitaph you all aspire to billionaire of the late pedophile
I don't actually have anything that's pretty fucked up honestly again I've I've been through some
pretty weird stuff not that I'm more less not pedophile but the bug stuff that that might
be preferable actually you'd be yeah and you haven't seen how I do bug stuff the
independent is currently examining the new documents apparently it's a long read
attorneys for disgrace so shall I just say
gee how do you say we'll see some American word that's not an American word hmm
gisling gisling
gelane gisling gisling Maxwell who was previously convicted of sex trafficking issued a statement
after the first batch of 40 documents which 90 individuals including US presidents Donald Trump
and Bill Clinton do the bug stuff did I do it yeah the your graphics are off today
shoot usually I can become a sort of giant wall of tentacles at will the court filings are contained
in a no settle defamation lawsuit brought against giseline Maxwell and by Epstein victim
Virginia Guffrey in 2015 after she branded her a liar over claims that she was sexually abused
as a minor oh that's that's pretty bad yeah the whole thing's actually quite terrible no
in December you as judge Loretta Loretta Prescott ordered that the documents must
finally be unsealed and the people known only as John and Jane those named more than 150
associates of the disgrace pedophile are expected to be unmasked as trove of documents
is released over the coming days did they need to qualify that it's a disgrace pedophile
are there any celebrated pedophiles turns out yes we just didn't know it but um
turns out a lot of the people we've been celebrating our pedophiles based on some of these lists
oops the documents named Mr. Trump and Mr. Clinton on multiple occasions but at no point
accused either of any wrongdoing Prince Andrew is also named multiple times but that's impossible
I've met that man he doesn't even sweat he doesn't oh he really doesn't sweat I tried to
make him sweat so many times I'd make him run through the castle and then I'd sniff his pits
totally dry it's pretty gross it would be if he's sweat but he doesn't where does the internal
moisture go what isn't that how it works you build up too much internal moisture and it squirts
out of your skin holes we got to work on the spanish transylvanian schooling system we don't
have one we just find the musty tomes and we believe whatever we read presidential helpful
Robert fk that's different we are done with the story now there's more down or that's
yeah wait okay what's happening rfk reacts to unsealed epstein cortex where people dying for
rfk is taken this situation no I don't think so this I guess we're on the independent comm
maybe they've got some ties to rfk I mean based on what you're reading so far
this is sort of the this the vibe I've gotten from it is it names some people who were already
strongly associated with him through like I guess the online rumor mill but also flight logs
what is it illegal to far fly in a plane with pedophiles
no it's just uh frowned upon when they're known pedophiles hmm the alleged associates of Jeffrey
Epstein jizzie lane Maxwell Ellen Dershowitz from from limp biscuit that's Fred Durst
I thought it was Fred Dershowitz that's well that that's Alan Dershowitz oh okay
would you see why I'm confused no I don't see how you can combine those things
I'm used to Spanish names like Ramon and Salazar just just your name yeah
Bill Clinton Prince Andrew David Copperfield the dark horse not David he's done all of my birthday
parties he's done your birthday parties I come in I say make various towns people disappear
and then he puts them behind a big curtain we hear screaming he lifts the curtain they're all gone
we all clap me into my bug court your bug court a court of powerful bug people that's my inner
circle is all bugs other big Hollywood star names appear in the documents though mostly just
once or twice and if you hang out with a famous pedophile once or twice that's just you get a
pass it's a three strike rule she's asked uh wait once or twice during Joanna Shawberg's testimony
she asked about the meeting meeting guest at Epstein's residence including Star Wars creator George Lucas
what I wish I were more surprised by that but um that does sound about that's not super surprising
and maybe you know he was doing research to write Palpatine I don't think that'd be a
good enough excuse buddy you got the villains got the villain you know okay I guess he's not great
she also does not remember meeting British supermodel Naomi Campbell
who is named once in the documents oh wait I skipped a paragraph anyway George Lucas was mentioned once
uh actor Kevin space he mentioned twice oh she doesn't remember meeting either of them
what was that nothing so they're good to go well they're named in the documents I don't know what
that means because I don't have a lot of context for these documents even though we're reading the story
it's just smoke and mirrors uh stop working for copperfield in the 90s maybe he can make this uh
this little bit of coverage he's getting disappear not likely I it's not that good honestly I saw
the big pile of blood where the villagers were used to be sort of killed the magic
late king of pop Michael Jackson is also named twice and that's a huge shock
I'm blown away what yeah let's just keep hold us let's just get through this one
late king of pop Michael Jackson is named soldier guys I said she met anybody famous while at
Epstein she said she did meet Jackson god she gave a pass to Lucas and Kevin spacey but
Michael Jackson was like yeah he was there it's been nearly 20 years since president Clinton
Lace had lasted contact with Epstein Clinton spokesperson Angela arena said in a statement
president Clinton knows nothing about the terrible crimes of Jeffrey Epstein pled guilty too
in Florida some years ago even though we hang out with him after he was convicted of those
crimes uh which he has been recently charged in New York he just he slipped his mind it happens
I know that sounds crazy but when you're a giant insane rich oligarch ruling over a land with an iron
feast you'd be surprised the fact that people you forget hanging out with who have you forgotten
I can't tell you who knows did I hang out with um like oh you know 2000s was I hanging out with
Osama bin Laden and stuff were you I don't know there's a lot of fort of despots coming in
and out of my circle it's hard to say you're just telling on yourself now
I have hung out with George Lucas though okay he's it he's not that fun of a guy but you're like
you know you can't deny there's a creative brain in there uh okay that's fine according to the
filing specific doctors will bring clarity to uh Jane and John Doge whose names remain sealed
and they'll get to it I'm sure without the least interview uh inter
intervenuers in the public are puzzling together the course rulings with each of the
unsealed documents to match the identities of each of the third parties with the courts ruling
an expert of herald's motion reads many of the documents contain references to multiple
those but not there's people that turned into that kind of did pedophile stuff well actually
that is it should be said not that you need to give too much benefit to the doubt to
people that were hanging out with Jeffrey Epstein but I mean it's on it's unclear from the coverage I've
seen what being an associate of him means you know you could have known him and not
been in the lifestyle but we'll see okay their shorts is like blah blah blah they're sort of
just they're getting in there kind of repeating themselves such and such person may or may not
have been in a pool with blank I don't know that that's that's just repeating yourself
Jeffrey Epstein offered the word to disprove claims that Stephen Hawking took part in orgy
wait Jeffrey Epstein offered reward to disprove claims Stephen Hawking took part in orgy
what Jeffrey Epstein told his accomplice jizane Maxwell excuse me jizane Maxwell that she could
offer a financial reward to friends of his accuser Virginia Guffrey if they could help prove her
allegation that Stephen Hawking had engaged in an underage orgy was false
newly released court documents reveal that the pedophile financier sent an email in 2015
showing that he was happy to issue a reward to counter her allegations shortly after mish
Guffrey had filed a civil claim in the US the email sent to disgrace British socialite Maxwell
read you can issue a reward to any of Virginia's friends acquaintances family that come forward
to help prove her allegations are false the strongest is the Clinton dinner in the new
version of the Virginia Islands that Stephen Hawking participates in an underage orgy
and that's a real friend right there when they're willing to buy off your accuser's friends to clear
your name that's friendship say what you will I know people don't I guess people don't like him
yeah people don't like Epstein but you got to admit he's a good friend I think you can admit the
exact opposite he's blackmailing everybody and I think he's just bad all around would you do
that for a friend no you're a fake friend that doesn't make me a freak a fake friend you're a
fake friend you wouldn't even buy off your accusers friends and family with hordes of money to clear
your friend's name I'm hoping I would never do that you're helping I would never do that I mean
I just I've never been in that situation but I think I would not do that
you're again you're a fake friend okay um well that's crazy there's actually six more pages of this
story but I'd say we got a pretty good taste of what's going on I think we can all agree honestly
this is all a little overblown and let's just hear everybody out before we make a judgment
on the dearly departed mr. Epstein that is not anyone's takeaway but your cells are
but I think a lot of people would like that to be the takeaway a lot of people on his list
which I'm not done shocking me were you expecting to be I'm a little offended that I'm not I mean
I've met the guy you've met him I mean you know you travel in giant creepy castle circles
a desperate billionaire billionaire sort of figures we all know each other I've met him
I'm getting I mean a different part of being a fucked up guy I like murder and biological mutilation
via the diseases that's what you're into that's what I mean to so people are actually more comfortable
with that than the stuff Epstein was involved in that's possibly true so I'm just a little offended
that he didn't consider me a close enough friend to list me as an associate sometimes I feel
like people don't think I'm very cool you're worried about other billionaires not thinking you're cool
they just think I have some little guy in the castle that's filled with tentacles and
I mean sometimes it's hard to be no you don't get the touching music can I get a little touching
music no your thing is not worthy of emotional heartfelt music touch the music I don't like
it when you say that I don't care if you're reading chat they're telling me to touch the music
listen you never know when um the day could be your last day to boss every bunch of slaves that
have bugs in their brains around because an American hot guy in a cool coat is coming to throw a knife
in your head and that's why you gotta live every day like it could be your last day to torture
peasants in your giant Spanish Transylvanian castle and I think that's what this Jeffrey Epstein stuff is
really all about live your best life no no stop the mute it's not about that so what we're just
not supposed to learn a lesson not that lesson okay well uh from all of us here no you don't
represent your the views of it of sales I do not represent the views of of barely informed news
at large I mean if you invite me on I feel like they do anyway from all of us here at barely informed
news which I fully represent I'm Ramon Salazar I am dead but I might be back anyway and it's been
a pleasure to factually report all of these happenings to you and I think it'll all turn out for the
best okay back to you case it already hasn't turned out for the best he just went straight through
a trap door he's already out of here what can you do hope to see him again soon he was bad he's a
he's a bad guy oh well I'll have him back I'll have him back I can't signal to him or you
girls like bad boys I don't know if they like I don't know if they like four foot cut tall
all mutant like murder men but then again people were pretty into um oh god what was it that gaze
gacy show wait is that John Wayne Gacy yeah it was right was it a different murderer I can't
remember which murderer everybody was thirsting over Danny DeVito gets laid Danny DeVito deserves
to get laid he's a national treasure Ramon Salazar is both fictional and the murderer
Dahmer Dahmer Gacy not as sexy Dahmer is the sexy murderer sorry
DeVito Danny DeVito polls I mean he's a charmer I'm sure he does so I mean a guy's in prison
do murderers in prison do have a lot of erotic relationships via pen paling so what can you do
Gacy dressed like a clown that's a that's a big turn off for 99% of people but for the 1%
of people that that's a turn on for dressing like a clown funny guys always pull look at case
or maybe what you meant to say is exceedingly handsome guys yeah no yeah
guys who look good look at us looking guys around maybe that's what you meant to say
debate was demanded I saw we also have to get Pepito to wrap at some point
we hit that goal aggressively uh card king demanded this debate I guess I always like to sit
if you don't want me to wrap but I wrap we're gonna have you wrap for sure Pepito um
sorry did I interrupt you not in from anything important anyway card king though did request
that debate uh wrap first says card king all right I don't know Pepito what do you even want to wrap
about um I don't know cv loves you did you have a beat you'd wanted me to wrap over
cv cv loves you didn't want me to do an M&M style wrap can you do that
I don't know Xander Xander at the final fantasy 11 maybe thank you so much for uh the 14 months
that's crazy uncle Phil thanks for the cheer cv loves you thank you for even more subs a wrap battle
I I like to pee too much to wrap battle I don't bring it on bitch whoa okay I wrap up Fiona
definitely coming to pick you up because she definitely left that message yeah it's confirmed
Fiona loves me and she's coming back anytime now see we can find a dog beat for you a dog beat
and you can wrap against um do you have beef with anybody uh here you want to go wrap with
trip bradstein outside um sure trip bradstein can interview you but with a wrap okay do you want
to go yeah do you want to go outside I do want to go outside that's how I should ask it you want
to go outside yeah okay great let's set them outside um maybe we'll have you answer some
questions too via the power of rap that sounds like a lot but I'll do whatever okay good um
let's we'll kick it to the street so that papito can rap with trip bradstein he's on his way outside
right now I wonder if case thought that when he started streaming he would inadvertently become
quite good at freestyling I think there's still a bit of a bit of distance left before I'm particularly
good at it but maybe if I just keep doing it constantly but I'm not today because papito and
trip bradstein are doing it so I gained no skills today oh they're calling you a good boy
I'm a good boy yeah but you gotta go outside okay good he's he's on his way all right let's kick it to
the streets and find a beat I'll have trip find a beat for papito and then they'll wrap and then
we'll go to a debate and then we'll go to therapy there's so many there's so many things to do
there's so many news it's all news actually this is all news stuff in case you were wondering
anyway it's time for the streets all right good to be out here on these streets
I've been summoned for a specific goal today it seems the opinions are I don't even need an opinion
I just need a fresh beat so that I can wrap battle a dog um I'm not really sure trip
but put on my extra white hair for you and that you look great thank you um I guess you're just
rapping um you can ask me about my life or I don't know we'll just see where it goes I guess
I don't really know what rap is because I'm a dog that's I could see how that could be a struggle
all right let me find you a beat little dog creature sort of little monster dog here that
needs to wrap and that's fine let's look up dog freestyle beat because you're a dog um you are a
dog that's correct that's confirmed okay the chicken legs are throwing you're a dog uh freestyle beat
bulldog what the fuck is this a dog I don't know we just have to take their word for it uh-oh he's
starting to feel it okay little dog all right how are you doing yeah look at the teeth feed me some
kibbler I'll give you some grief I'm that motherfucking chihuahua in the sheets or maybe I just put
chihuahua on the streets I'm going whoa okay you're feeling it man I got some questions coming from
chat throw them in the chat and I'll spin them right back potatoes and dog and I think you know
yeah they're fucking no it's a chicken thing wait what the fuck are you talking about
I don't know I'm a dog though whoa whoa um okay questions in chat papito uh what's your favorite
food do you know my doggy little dude because mostly I like to eat human meat wait what's that mean
I mean meat that humans feed me okay that was a little creepy don't worry that's all I meant
when I said human meat what's another question let's see there's a couple questions that are coming in
for you and me papito made me spill the insides of my burrito okay that's fine I will eat up your
burrito well you can't because that person's in a different room damn I can't even eat that shit
over zoom that's not how that works I'm sorry to say it's not temporarily okay okay well let's
get another question I'm trying to learn a couple papito little lessons uh papito do you like beats
fucking cool little guy um it's papito confused about his unloving mommy
is your mommy something that deep inside you know that you really want me yeah obviously I got the
best mom a best mom I ain't afraid to put around I'll fucking say it cuz you know that I wanna
best mommy in the world I honestly don't know if that's uh true I don't think Fiona's ever picked up
you but well I just don't know if she's really got a sense of ownership for you um you keep
saying she's your mommy but I think the audience doesn't know if that's true fuck you trip
pip actually famously I'm pretty sure he was an orphan yeah the beat ended you did it oh good okay
because I don't get what rap is well I think you were sort of doing it and I also was sort of
doing it oh good because I was just trying to talk normally that seems impossible you ran you rhymed
quite a bit didn't I I'm a dog I already forgot all right fair enough well I hope you get picked
up soon papito it seems to be a thing that you really want and I hope that happens for you
because she said she would everybody heard it everybody heard it I'm confused how that was a
dog beat but I guess it was these subs are popping them up
what are you a hype train now I don't know I don't know I feel pumped up from rapping is that what I was
doing yes again that they requested you rap than you more or less did okay well anyway apple dabble
eight hundred bits I like bits too yum yum yum and I'm gonna go take a nap because I'm speaking
and rhyming aren't things that dogs should be able to do so it takes a lot of energy sure
uh that makes sense well from all of us here on the streets and from this insane dog creature
that's you're never gonna want to see it's lower half because it's uh a little it's a little scary
cv loves you thank you so much for the support that's incredible uh 30 subs maybe you should do
another rap because they doubled your sub goal oh should I maybe you know what maybe at the end
of the stream we'll check back in with you see if you've had any um more thoughts that appeared
to you as rhymes and I'll be back on these streets I of course will be searching for more opinions later
on right now I'm more so rapping with a dog which actually for me is one of the more normal things
I've done but I'll be back don't worry I'll be back one way or another because I live on these
streets a thing you already know I'll be hanging out and with my in my bush and you're welcome
to come to Peter if you want to hang out in the bush well that's fair because it smells
strongly like me in the bush and who knows what else because it's outside and crazy things happen
anyway I'll talk to you all soon I'll be right back I'm all I'm gonna stay on these motherfucking
streets because that's what I do I'm from Bradstein CSU the streets are real or totally fake
you know either one or the other I can still hear the streets there we go that's better
excuse me I have to go to therapy I also have to go to debate let's send it to the
bait first even if munch is being yeah he's being a little annoying lately I'll be I'll level with
you guys sometimes munch can be a little annoying when he doesn't get what he wants and he really
didn't get what he wanted at that award show so but I'll send it to him anyway uh because you
know him and crumb they've been demanded I don't know what the debate was but card king if you
can throw it back in chat I'd missed it I missed it while talking to that tipped but Peter about
wrapping but we'll get to it right now it's time for much and crumb why would it much show
where I fucking deal yeah shut the fuck up everybody
but Peter get the hell out of here don't be mean to Pepito he was checking on some wires for me
I will do what I want or whatever oh great he's been in such a mood lately folks
because he doesn't get what he wants once I'm fine I'm being totally fine I'm normal
get over your show don't fucking put my face on you fucking Judas Judas how have I betrayed you
ever we're technically competing at all times and if I beat you in something that's just how it goes
it got didn't go that way never I don't fucking care I don't even fucking care if I
I never would but I don't care if I lose you can't really do apathy because you're just so mad
at everything you even get mad at the idea of not caring I'm totally apathetic now
I'm emo is shit and I don't care about anything you're shaking the whole studio you're showing
and that's because I'm a god with infinite powers you tried to do magical voices but your voice
went high no okay now the second time okay um let's see what you were debating today um
sorry I was scrolling up crumb had an orgy at christmas and came back I that's not a thing
we can debate card king I didn't I'm not involved in orgies um
crumb is a skinwalker confirmed look I can't help it if there's some glitches in this place
do cats and dogs have belly buttons is that what we're debating oh that is what we're debating
what I don't care I don't care and you can't make you definitely okay fine they um
they don't what yeah they don't do they don't they have a little what did I say you said they
don't yeah they don't
are being weird I don't care whatever what doesn't matter if I lose fine then I went no you don't
he didn't win it all fine let's debate this um if we get a poll going in chat do dogs have belly
buttons not that I fucking care you definitely care and I'm saying they do I guess we could just
objectively look this up no that's not how this works um if we have a mod that doesn't
remind me that pole or I can they don't have they don't have belly buttons um because
they don't have umbilical cords I how do you I don't I think dogs are birds out of eggs what the
hell I don't whatever I don't even let's just fucking debate this um and turn this we're not
debating that right now um do dogs you can't some dogs have belly buttons no uh dogs they're
mammals but they're different types of mammals mammals comes in many in many types and they're
the type that's probably like in an egg inside their mom because so many dogs will pop out you
can't have umbilical cords run into like every dog in a litter they gotta you gotta have
like a more efficient system and that's why there's just like one slop shoot that pops out
into the mom's stomach and the dog is all nibbled it up same for cats because like you can have big
letters of cats you just don't want like a big confusing bundle of cords run to all those animals
and that's why there's a slop shoot inside the inside the parent and it just slops all the food
down into the into the um into the dog and cat uterus and then those hungry little creatures
those little half-formed embryonic fucking disgusting little little mini dogs and cats they just
gobble all that shit up in a big pile um that's not how that works they do their mammals
mammals are labeled in that way because they're part of a family that has certain common traits
for instance not being birthed out of eggs not sure if every mammal has an umbilical cord but I
would assume they do I mean I can't claim to be an expert but I have had dogs they do have
belly buttons you can locate them um you can't get confused by the little red rocket it's a
bug that you you're looking at a dog dick no my point is I'm not looking at a dog dick um
it just would be a bug the dog genital and also you know lady dogs and cats have like
especially dogs have kind of a little tough it's done tough it you looking at why are you
looking at dog genitals so much I'm not uh I'm just saying that's it's above there and you're
saying nonsense because not that I care but you're fucking spreading false false science
you're being it's oh good they don't not that I not that I care um but um I do I do fucking
I do fucking win I do fucking win I don't care but I would oh man oh okay it's fine it's not a big
deal whoo yes it's not I don't give a shit obviously I won whoo they don't have belly buttons everybody
fucking knows this you fucking Luddite incorrect use of that word but that's fine
so people are saying I was robbed I'm saying I really think earnestly that you needed this
month you've been a little down because you predicate your entire personality on being a winner
despite doing nothing to back that claim up I think I just backed it up not that I don't
I'm sort of above all this and none none of the supposed losses affected me even a little bit
but the fact of the matter is I did just you can check it I did just win so if I had ever lost
really the most recent win is all that matters what have you done for me lately I'll tell you
what you've done crumb you fucking lost because you're a loser who loses and that's the main
takeaway as always it's a post-truth world I do unfortunately feel that way a little bit more
every day she is yes dogs definitely do have belly buttons well we just proved they didn't we didn't
there was a vote a notoriously rigged and silly voting system rigged it's it for you to win because
you seem to think you have been but we finally rectified the voting system it's back it's working
as intended and you've been crushed into the dirt with a sweeping victory for me you won by one
or two you won by like one percent pull that up pull up this fucking look look at this you won by
three votes in a system where people can literally vote as much as they want not as much they have to
pay for those votes hard-working Americans who pay for their influence with their hard-earned
dollars the way the founding fathers intended to keep money in politics where it belongs
so well here's the thing I'm not gonna get pulled into your vortex of negativity I'm being extremely
positive towards everything but you you're just a negatively charged eye on a failure and I happen
to be the nucleus of fucking nuke in your ass off the planet you piece of shit you suck and I beat
you see see how that works I don't okay well anyway it's good to be back in the swing of things
it's good that he's seems to be in a better mood now baby got his baby got his little baby food you
slot the goop of victory into your mouth and now you're behaving 10% more like a human being
believe me he's been difficult all day I'm not lost you see he zones in on the one negative
comment about him in chat because that's a lever you operate on I'm not lost uncle Phil you're
not even you're not the uncle Phil you're not you're not the one from fresh prince so what you
say doesn't affect me what are you claiming that if it was uncle Phil from the fresh pinch it would
affect you what they say obviously that what he's like it he's like a wait I lost wait did I say yes
or no do dogs and cats have belly buttons no I want we have been wrong so many times I'm glad
that you check but leave uncle Phil out of this he brought himself into this it's just so many
comments in chat they should be all positive about me he's just sorry he's been stripped to his core
lately by his staggering defeats I'm still ahead of you by the way I we all know that this in fact
update this core fine I'll update the score um 84 just like to point out that I'm still coming for you
I just take a shit what I got to take a shit why are you telling me there
I just want get get I want to get out of here I have to take a shit you don't have to say that
to leave we were ending the segment anyway I got to take a huge shit my stomach's going crazy
because I just fucking devoured your ass the sweet taste of victory has clogged up my
fucking innards and now I got to take a huge screaming shit of success because I'm a winner
that's your show bad and um you're so bad at just talking no I'm objectively incredible as speaking
and I and I take you through mental mazes that you can't predict where I'm turning left and right
and what I was turning into right there was that I had I do actually I take a shit though
can we go you're the one who wins it okay oh well look that's gonna be all the time we have
for today play my victory music to play us out that's what the people really want to hear right
now yes there you go I fucking want leave this shit running till the next time we come I'm
gonna be running my fucking bowels into a toilet there's something going on I think I was holding
a lot in and realizing I haven't actually taken a shit in a week because I don't really know why I
actually feel like I just woke up from a dream and I immediately have to shit but I'll be back
soon completely cleanse I'll talk to y'all later I'm the fucking best and we proved it again give
it up for me I'm just in a weird mood he's been he's been off he's been off since he was objectively
defeated by crumb in our highly scientific polling system crumb confirmed best host
scrum almost got there I do feel like scrum was robbed but it's good luck to hold it in
seven years of good luck if you don't shit for seven years he's a little as permanent unfortunately
okay we got to go to therapy um who requested therapy no offense to actual therapy by the way
propaganda if you have a particular person you wanted to have sent to therapy um let me know
otherwise I'll go to therapy I haven't been to therapy in a bit myself either so it's important
to stay in therapy uh let's see do we have any other requests
Kendall did you want to play people company tonight what do you want Kendall says she
wants to play if you guys want to play case needs therapy the most all right that's probably true
oh the oh oh my god you want me to send Rob Elvie to therapy see if he loves you
I'll go to therapy today maybe we can send Rob in the future try not to encourage Rob
because he will just show up if I'm not careful I mean that's such a shame Peter are you still at
the award ceremony yeah I'm still rocking it at the award ceremony um it's good to see everybody
uh the people the stars are still out why are you still there we we were supposed to clear out
like um we'd rented that place for precisely the amount of time we were there well you know I
there's some other event going on um there's a lot of red signs that say make America great again
are you at it I think the events at Trump rally right now oh the Dunskan donuts financial arena
is also used for that it's used for whatever they rent it for you're reporting me live from
a Trump rally I guess but accidentally I'm not I'm not a supporter also how did you hack into the
how did you hack into this feed oh um well they just left a camera here oh shit I should get that
can you bring that back will I be permanently hired if I bring the camera back I'll send
chat to get it dang okay why did you chime in oh just to say it's must be so terrible
that Rob Elby guy always sneaking on to shut I find that kind of stuff reprehensible
cut the feed on Peter oh don't cut the feet on Pepito cut the feed I cut I cut the feed I cut it
thanks thanks Pepito all right let's set it to therapy I gotta go to therapy for a little bit
apparently I need it the most and I can't argue with that can't argue with facts I need to fix
my therapy setup actually it double shows chat right now but we'll figure that out later
let's send me to therapy um and in the meantime Peter just let us know how the award show you're at
is going uh Pepito how'd you get down there we told him to cut the feed oh I did well anyway
felt kill time for me all right case he's going to therapy um and if you have any I have a sense
that his therapist is actually just reading chat but I case claims it's a revolutionary
type of therapy so anyway if you have any therapy that you want case to receive I suspect if you put
it in the chat that's how he will receive it and he's sprinting over to the therapist's office which
is directly across the street from us so he should be almost there for some not-needed therapy
let's send it over to him currently in the therapist's office to hopefully clear out the
cobweb show whichever is going on in his let's face it insane mind is insane and damaged mind
let's send it to case currently live in therapy okay I don't really feel like you had to be so mean
about all of that that's fine thanks for seeing me on short notice as always Dr. Chath I saw Peter
for a second what seems to be the issue I saw Peter for a second also you're not you look weird
today but that's fine I'll fix that for next time is Goku in the room ready to break your neck
honestly I I do occasionally if I set something out of the corner of my eye from playing lethal
company now I am a little like it but I I don't think he is are you afraid of Peter Gibbon a little
bit you know I don't know what that means exactly but a little are you seeing Peters I did just see
a Peter Bill Clinton Bill Clinton I'm not seeing well I'm seeing Bill Clinton in the news but
I'm not seeing him in my life I'm not on that list by the way because I'm let's be real because
I'm not famous enough and also because I actually don't hang out with billionaire pedophiles
case why do you always go rogue I'm dangerous planets all right I'll try to give you a real
answer here if I'm playing the game on stream I feel like I don't want to just linger around
and have it be too boring I feel like I want to get in there so that some some action can happen
you know for the viewers is invisible Ricky in the room with you right now
now well I guess it could be what's Dr. Chat's first name wouldn't you know user are you asking me
as a question is it user chat yippee is your first name yippee do you want to rock uh yes
why the emphasis on billionaire pedophiles oh yeah that's a good point I do as far as I
know I don't hang out with pedophiles period in fact I'd say I'm I'm confident enough to say
I guess you never know but I feel like none of my friends I'm gonna I'm gonna have my friends backs
and say none of them are case why does collaboration terrify well it doesn't in the past
uh and it doesn't now it's it it just takes it takes more work but I do actually still collaborate
with people just um mostly on paid projects or I could get more people involved in this stream
that would be fun um which I actually have been setting up ways to do this remotely with other
people but it's always a scheduling thing it's hard to make it's hard to be like hey be free for
three hours uh on this day maybe I can get somebody to start popping in though maybe
it's more guests to pop in for little appearances here and there that would be that could be a
goal for 2024 which it now is is your ass like really itchy right now what's on these chairs
am I itching my ass a lot sorry man I don't think I'm fit for operating a therapy office um
lately it's been random question one after another you gotta help me help me help you
why are you looking at the camera while you say that can jeena darling debate munch again
you know I'll ask she's out a little later in the day but I could ask if she's like free for 20
minutes at some point this week and maybe she'll pop on for a munch and crumb or like you know just
in the next couple weeks beef cake what camera oh are you calling me beef cake what camera
hmm is there not one I feel like there is one also am I itching my ass a lot
itching or eating I can't I if I could eat my own ass I would be actually what I'm just saying
that'd be a skill that I could is that a skill I could market I was about to say if I could eat
my own ass I'd be a millionaire and I really said doesn't make a ton of sense but I feel like if
I could somehow reach my head around in my ass that I could maybe at least go on like America's
got talent and do okay jeena is sick we gotta ask next week oh wow thank you for having useful
information dr. Jeff it's papino going to have an emote yes I actually just saved it
because I saw that in the pre-stream I forgot but it's on my desktop now and ready to be
slotted in in favor of whatever emo doesn't use least you would go viral at least
that's what I mean dr. Jeff and I could get my head up to my own ass to eat it there's
probably people that can do that but in my head I'm doing it by bending backwards
not forwards and around I gotta I'm gonna have to google this later and I I know I shouldn't
but I know I am curious yes I give you a dollar for that I'm assuming a million other people
would as well for eating my ass yes okay well um honestly you've been current kind of you've
been almost reasonable today dr. Jeff what about lilyana what about her too much doing in the way
what cheek are you asking if lilyana can do that I she can't uh she's not flexible
I wouldn't know if she's flexible help me man I don't think I'm asking the right questions the
questions I keep asking are not of beneficial importance I guess it's your turn to give
therapy uh you want me to give you therapy that seems a little weird man I'm paying you
help me help you okay I'll just use my therapy tactic then why do you want me to help me help you
a kulu for case see that's the problem with me giving you therapies I don't think you're
engaging the process you didn't answer you're avoiding my question why do you want me to help me help
you help help okay now you're just responding with another request do you like paying extra for guac
okay you know I'm not offering you therapy and the answer is I can see why they charge extra because
avocados are expensive obviously if I could get it for free though I would and I feel like that's a
good stopping point okay well if you agree there's also a lot of fog in your room I wish I was a
pancake oh okay now we're getting somewhere how long have you been a sphincter spelunker
I've just I haven't been nothing against it nothing against it okay well I'll talk to you soon Dr
chath are you trying to do my emote face okay do you smell that smell what that was Kyle I don't
know what you mean nine okay uh thanks Dr chath we'll uh I'll be back I'll be in touch
bless up Kyle okay that's a good way to end it I agree not that I know you're talking about
that's actually a pre-recorded therapy that's all pre-recorded that's why I'm already back
that's how that works what yeah okay anyway let's see there's anything else I have to do I've
gone to therapy I've done the debate I guess I said I would end with checking in with
um Pepito going outside one more time it's been longer than 127 hours yeah it's been a lifetime
for Kyle an encore if you have any questions oh let's go okay we'll go to the movies first
I haven't I haven't been doing the news lately so I haven't been to the movies
so let's see how Trent's doing he's at the movies still it's like he never leaves
he loves the movies that much now that he's rubbed shoulders with all the big wigs in
Hollywood who knows sky's the limit for Trent uh now they're desperate for his approval
and then we'll see if they get it at the movies you know hell yes damn it's I'm actually excited
to be at work for once it's not work young blood it's community service not that that makes sense either
okay took uh UT minus zero seconds to fucking shit on me it's Chris everybody my fucking
parole officer that has to be here I'm here as well it's good to be back we've kind of been a
little off for the holidays but it's good to be back in the swing of seeing you get those hours
down young man there's a lot left well how many you don't want to know it's so many
all right can we get watch the trailer for salt burn I guess uh isn't that out it's never stopped us
before oh that's true is there more salt burn coming salt burn trailer it's only counts if you
get pre approved by the county by the way make sure you're getting to HSR for a shit all right am I
am I submitting my hours correctly I've got your back young blood I mean there's a lot left but
I mean technically I'm making sure that you get it done right all right it's a lot of trust in you
Chris I mean you're not just like trapping me in this theater forever and I'm actually totally free
to leave young blood no I believe me I would love to go too okay maybe this is a huge conspiracy
is my point you've been watching too much clemen time he's not even on that much I watch other
folks more also one sec what am I uh what are you doing dude I just was noticing something was
kind of off and I had to text Bepito to fix it or let's see we'll fix this I guess I can fix this
oh my god all right I'm making a mess of things I'll fix it later okay whatever I don't know what
his problem is he's got too many uh let's watch a salt burn trailer uh I don't I'm not familiar with
the show but I do hear people reference it all the time Chris has late onset ADHD that actually
might be possible my mind is active it's floating all around at all times I'm easily you know pulled
here pulled this way pulled that way you know I got weirdly into playing um I got into playing
the fucking shuttlecock shuttlecock you know the game with shuttlecock you've already forgotten
what the shuttlecock is that a game isn't that just the ball that they use in badminton
are you okay man I'm fine I look I after the holidays I take on a certain amount of credit
card debt which stresses me out just a little bit but um I'm fine dude your credit score is
already dangerously low did you fucking take out a new credit card for the holidays
look you gotta get everybody presents did you get I did not get you a gift I no I don't get
mine let's just watch this let's just watch the salt burn trailer okay because you are fucking
straight up adult ADHD mean and I will get easily distracted let's just watch this trailer did you
know there was a college christmas party tonight NFI me and you not fucking invited you all right
yeah I've got a flat tire take my bike hey that was so kind thank you I'm sorry to know your name
I'm Felix Oliver Oliver I love you I love I love you my cheers Ollie
my parents they've got problems what kind of what do you mean problems I don't think I'll ever go home
again well why don't you come home with me all right just too hot dudes fucking had a nice place I
get it mr quick wow and here he is now oh beautiful eyes oh how wonderful yeah I told you it wasn't a
minga oh but darling you're kind about everyone you can't be trusted I had them hang up an old
school dinner jacket we dressed for dinner here dressed for dinner yeah it's like it was like black
time I think I like you even more than last year's one you're so um so what real can't have been easy for
Venetia with you being a mother why it's time to take things up a notch shut it out the
apple bottom jeans boots with the fur this place you know it's not for you lots of people get
lost in salt burn oh that's just giving me goosebumps look Pamela oh no I think you're
large quiet harmless drawn to shiny things
what have you done I just thought that maybe I could help you're not leaving us you're not leaving
so what I don't think I'll ever go home again you gotta go home dude dang dude I'll fucking relate
to that man because like sometimes life be like everybody wants you to party with them so bad
but like sometimes you gotta go home to like level your head off or like you'll be fucking like so
much at such cool parties like all these parties with like rich hot people all the time and like
you can lose your way and like lose the core of who you are if you're just straight constantly
fucking like 10 out of 10 hot like rich people like and that's like a struggle that I like deal
with every fucking day but I stay leveled by like recommitting the family and stuff did you read
that in like a like a message board or something what like that is not a thing you do young
but that's a struggle I have constantly where who's even fucking living that lifestyle in this
fucking town man nicest restaurant we have here is a fucking Olive Garden and I know basically
everybody who eats at the Olive Garden anyway that kind of looks like um call me by your name
but like with euphoria but also like maybe there's a murder or some shit I guess it does
kind of look like that it's like call me by your name but if it was age appropriate and one of
the lead actors didn't end up being a cannibal as far as we know I mean never count an actor out any
of these hot young actors could end up being a cannibal that's true it's sallow isn't sallow
is that the one where like um is that like a documentary about bill clinton's uh governor's
mansion are you trying to be political right now no I just don't know what that movie is well
let's keep it that way that looks a little more tame than sallow from my recollection of sallow
cannibal corpse looks like requiem for a dream I guess this movie has a lot of reference points
yeah man it honestly this movie reminds me of probably like every movie I've ever seen that's
insane it's more specific than that also they're they like fucked up they put
bars around the sides of it they should try to use the whole frame for their stuff because like
there's like extra screen there they're not even using that's intentionally that's sort of a trend
four by three four by what you never mind yeah they should use the whole screen yeah I agree
all right let's um see what else
is going on in the world of trailers I haven't checked in lately so there's there's got to be at
least two more burners marmalade I don't I like just butter personally it's a trailer yeah but maybe
they call it butter I would have clicked on it marvel studios echo hurt disney and hulu echo hurt
are they doing a johnny cash song as a series color me intrigued let's see this oh just got
the king pan in it kingpin yeah king pan let's check them out or fate would choose for me I've
hurt and I'm going to hurt more I'm asking forgiveness just daredevil
sandwiches gang wars the only ones we can trust the trail that's not something that I can forget
nothing about this brings me joy you brought this on yourself to kill you he's got to do it
videos echo all episodes streaming January 9th set your disney plus profile to tv ma to stream
dude you know what I like about that trailer in addition to other things they got a fucking
announcer voice back in there at the end and I am in support of bringing back heavy vo over all
trailers you want to see that trend return I would prefer it if a fucking gravelly voice dude
could tell me what's up with the movie so just bring that that vo at the end all the way back to
the beginning and had the guy be like there's a man in the city is a city a man or is a man a city
you know what I mean I don't think that would be the particular verbiage they go with but I think
I get what you mean I mean I'm not claiming to be a writer Chris but you know it'd be nice just
like give me some more context like for instance they didn't even mention the fact and this is one
of the things I relate to about kingpin the most he's like he's big but actually it's all muscle
that's the thing with him yeah like he might look like a portly dude but it's like if pork
porky pig was all muscle he could lift like a skyscraper if porky pig was all muscle you think
he could lift a skyscraper yeah because if it all that pig was actually just pure muscle
anyway I'm saying that's a struggle I deal with because like I'm like a bigger dude and people
think that maybe I'm like like thick like you know thick but actually it's all muscle that's
why they want me to play football so bad but I'm afraid I'd kill somebody because I'm that strong
can we watch one more trailer youngblood yeah I mean I was going to let's see what else
um bitcoin Mickey Mouse trap is this a beat or is this a move
Mickey Mouse trap trailer apparently like I think this might be a beat but I'm going to give it a
shot well Mickey Mouse is out of copyright I suspect this is an attempt to capitalize on that specific
versions of Mickey are well let's see how this beat is it's it's not a beat well let's just see
these are the best party that we can throw I've seen some rejections in my time but man that was a
rush is this recorded on a phone there's blood all over the jungle gym blood yes damn
Disney's fucked up we're just straight up using this footage and now they can
he's like completely in love with me ready it's totally disgusting
oh my god I'll be right back
man he's dead like if he was in a form you'd never say I'll be right back
this is just like scream I did wonder if that was Bruce Green I think it's not where the hell did he go
oh that's the end oh this time oh okay that's the end um that's sort of aspirational because like
they technically made a Disney movie and now I feel like I can too I mean that's pretty lazy
cash in on a IP that's about to get I'm assumed absolutely run into the ground now that it's out
of copyright if anything that's a horror movie for Disney for them to see the things that that may
now make money in spite of them that they let the copyright lapse which to be fair I think it
should have I don't think Disney should get special powers just because they're so rich
I mean I guess Mickey's for everyone now if you're completely hacky film director to answer
your question card King um I think yes that must have been already in production and then they're
like just really counting banking on the fact that Disney was not going to release that copyright
and to be fair I guess they didn't make that huge of a bet on it because it looks like that
movie cost about $8,000 to make it honestly probably cost way more than that which is surprising
the audio at the top sounded shockingly bad the visuals look not good but the audio was what
was really throwing me I mean to me that makes it more realistic because it's like anybody could
have done this audio it just sounds like they fucking put an h4n in the middle of an arcade
and said talk and to me that really pulls me into the environment how is this in theaters and fees
still fighting for a gig maybe she should just widen the type of gig she's willing to take
I feel like he could have directed that movie would she want to actually I would that would
be a fun movie to direct how do you end up getting that kind of project I would like to know
I have no talent for film at all I'm a parole officer but I do feel like I could have directed
a movie about as good and that's just a huge assumption that's like hugely disrespectful
or hardworking directors out there like you don't even know what they went through to make that film
all right that's actually very young blood I'm not showing respect and I apologize
and I appreciate you apologizing because like you got to show respect and I do agree actually
you got to show respect and like I apologize and I appreciate you apologize and like all respect
yeah like respect young blood absolutely respect all right that's gonna be all the time we have
for today um I'm fucking pumped for 2024 I think there's some great movies coming out
fucked up steamboat mickey hot dudes fucking in a castle and even um the kingpin you've
totally forgot already there's just so much good stuff coming out that I was overwhelmed
by the quality it's not a good sign that you can't remember something you saw two seconds ago but that's
fair yeah that is fair and that's actually how it is and in fact that is what it is and y'all
know what it is I'll be back I'll be in this theater I got a lot of community service to pay
off because I'm kind of a fucking bad boy and a criminal and that's just the way it is see y'all
later we gotta fix that fire thing actually okay the nips out toasty toasty does have the nips up
but he should I'm in support of toasty having the nips up we're gonna kick it back to the streets
before we get out of here let me let me check in with Kendall again Kendall would you rather
would you rather have dinner and just relax or would you want to play lethal company for
like an hour it's up to you I'm fine with you oh no she looks so upset having to think about this
it's seven so well what we'll eat and then if we feel like playing later we will it's the best of
both worlds tana montana I don't know maybe we'll be back later with some chill out young blood that
is always a good move to chill okay I'm gonna send it to the streets they're gonna wrap us out of
here we'll send it straight into a raid um Pepito and a trip who's still on the streets he never
leaves actually you might have heard let's see what they get into and then let's send it to someone
else it's time for trip on the streets yeah I'm gonna be done it's good to be back here on these streets
is bradstein raps is that trip hop I think yes I'd say yes it is I've created a new genre
actually I've just decided I mean what what's up what's going on sorry I'm just hanging out in
the producer slot producing for you Chris what are you fucking doing sorry about that you left Chris in
charge yeah I had to get somebody to fill in for me because I came out to the streets all right well
that's fair Chris do Chris do better that was weird let's find you another dog beat uh yeah am I
wrapping again is that a thing I've done before you just did it Pepito yeah but I'm a dog so I
don't really remember things is that do dogs not have memories or is that a you think we don't
have I'm a dog and we don't anyway Chris don't break the reality of the universe it's that's one
of the buttons on the producing board up there and it's not meant to be touched let's see
a dog freestyle beat let's see what is another option for that this is a hard dark type beat
you feel like going hard I don't know how I feel because I don't get emotions that well either I'm
a dog you do you say stuff though all the time that would imply you know whatever um let's see what
else there is how does this how does this strike you it feels like a hard beat it goes hard that's
how it's described so I guess they're doing it right is it a dog beat it's a beat for a dog
so let us know um I'm going to teach this guy another lesson feel free to drop some well any
question uh if you can handle that throw it in chat if fucking questions I'll spit them right back
yeah I'm fucking going in hard I'm popping in with the pedo cards I'm saying shuffle
bring in the hustle I'm about to pop your whole doggy bubble I'm fucking
papito and I go don't go slow I just flow I'm on park okay lazy fucking rhymes but honestly
it's not a crime um it's fucking fine you're doing good for a dog uh let's see
wow wow papito really slammed so fucking damn hard that's destructive one he's saying that
you're in charge you're bringing beats to the top you're letting the rhymes drop every time
you're on the mic it's never a flop well that's fucking true when I'm spitting at you papito
come in so so fucking sick well you're not sure if you backed it up there but that's fine
I'm hanging up all the time does papito remember being lost out of a sloop shoot hatching from an egg
of course I was fucking born from an egg to beg you were born to beg
and have legs okay those are dog things so that makes sense um papito how do you feel about a male
man I feel a fucking male man eating cancans eating cancans I bite him on the ass I see
your fucking male man I don't give him a pass I see him fucking running I say come right back
I'm a fucking dog I'm gonna eat your whole damn back your eat a male man's back I'm gonna bite his ass
oh okay that's fine uh this is a regular quasi moto verse quasi moto do you mean that I hump
because I hump hump hump I'm fucking fuck you fuck papito yeah I fuck all the time I'm a fuck machine
sorry is that now a crime it's not a crime to fuck you just seem more PG well let me tell you
exactly what fucking means to me fucking means being incredibly sweet to your master
what it means being sweet to the ones that you love and living praise to god above and god to me
is fee fee and I give her praise quite easily that's not fucking that's just being a sweet little pup
and I'm that sweet pup that fucks a bunch you're confused what fucking is fucking's for an occasion
and I know exactly that sensation when I roll on my back and say gimme tummy rub and then I show my
master unacrybable love that's not fucking that's just being sweet we're saying the same thing and
isn't that neat I fuck all day come what may papito is a fuck master okay am I doing good am I
being a good boy I yes I guess I mean you're confused but I think we all are okay did I wrap
you did okay because I already forgot I think that's I think you should get that checked out
papito I mean what do I have health insurance probably not you're a dog oh yeah I am a dog I
know that all right well hey everybody that's been um an addition of uh trip trip hop on the
on the streets yeah trip up on the street snoop Nate papito the top names
that's I love that's what they mean um okay well thank you all so much for watching it's a pleasure
to be back on these streets and joined by papito yeah it's good to go for walks I wish I went
for more of them well that's I don't know if I should blame Fiona a case for that I don't
blame anybody I keep it positive I fuck you don't get what fucking is and how come I'm doing it so
much it's well it's fine whatever think of it your way it's sort of sweet but maybe change the
word I'll never stop fucking great all right uh let's find someone to raid it's impressive that
he speaks at all so I can't expect him to know what every word means T pain I could raid T pain
said I'm gonna raid golden boy again actually you know it I'll raid our friend Ricky I haven't
raided Ricky in a while Ricky peacock straight out of Chicago I've got a I've got a sweet spot for
Chicago it used to be part of ABC 7 at Chicago um but I got kicked out because I couldn't dance
good enough that doesn't make sense to most people but it makes sense to me okay uh raid
Ricky peacock the raid has been created oh that's fun uh well I'd like to say whoa did I do a good job
yay you did a good good boy papito oh boy okay that's a little scary that's fine though that's
your prerogative to be a little freak seven days a week I am again you can't see his legs but there
alarm because they're they're not dog legs I'll take your word for it the raid messages um I don't
really have a raid message for Ricky why is so why is everyone on this stream so bad at raid messages
I don't know the teleprompter is more than worth it because I can look I can see your messages
I'll thank you Matt Pepito Bismol Viva Pepito sure let's go with Viva Pepito yeah you want
just have him say something dumb all the time it's fun like it's just a thing to say when you raid
okay well we'll go with Pepito raid yeah Pepito raid is that me yes that's you don't what do you
know and what do you not know I don't get it neither I'm a dog all right uh it's Pepito raid
Pepito good boy thank you yes okay and uh we'll be back um tomorrow yes I will be back tomorrow
at an undisclosed time I have a lot of editing to catch up on turns out when you take some time off
the freelance jobs build up that you talk before Christmas and now they're due is that how that
works it turns out that's how that works I like Gemina Hamiha no saying I'm crazy oopsie I rated already
I lost track of time you gotta do better well look nobody's watching anymore so
let me explain what fucking actually is to you no I don't want to know that's better that you
don't know okay