I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Six, five, four, three, two, one, let's go.
I'm back.
We're back.
Ready to be barely informed.
Although, I do unfortunately regret to inform you, A, there's a hype train going.
It's really more of a problem for me than for anyone else.
And also I guess a good thing for me.
But more importantly half of my staff, and I think it could happen, but half my staff got doged.
Not really sure why.
I'm not a government agency.
I don't really, I'm kind of a not-for-profit in the sense that this stream doesn't really make a profit.
But several of my employees emailed me to let me know just to get ahead of things they were not going to come to work.
They said they'd been doged and they were like, well look, they sent me an email of the five things they'd done this week and they all had usually zero or one.
The one thing was I did a 15 minute segment with case and the rest of them just said they didn't do anything.
Papito's still here.
However, he got into a big vat, well not that, a couple cans of old jolt cola.
If you remember jolt cola by any chance.
It's really not safe for human or dog consumption.
Sort of the energy drink before they were, he's just running around the studio as my point of view.
Very ace, he was seemingly fine.
Yes, Mr. President.
Even the President's acting weird.
Just sort of staring at me instead of speaking.
Which is a little unusual.
That's unrelated.
The President does still work for me.
The former President, sorry.
So don't worry about that.
He'll be talking soon enough.
I suspect.
Yeah, he's using his debate strategy.
So Papito refuses to actually do his job of producing.
I'll just, Jeff is gone.
Rick, Tyler, Sammy, all said in.
They noticed that they've been fired by Doge.
Not sure how it happened.
Even Salazar refuses to come.
So I'm down.
I'm down a couple.
I'll be real.
I'm down a couple of correspondence.
I suspect they'll come back.
However, on a very confusing timeline, basically at the discretion, unfortunately of, we'll just call it big Snapchat.
Salazar did get deported.
They finally closed off the transatlantic route that he was using to swim here using his various tentacles.
Starting to feel like the end of G4.
Well, to make up for it, I've hired new, frankly worse hosts.
They're worse.
They look worse.
They are worse.
But they're new.
I guess there's that at least.
In the meantime, there is still a high trade who unfortunately of anything that could have survived has survived.
So the high trade is still here.
Well, what?
I can't be fired.
I'm a cosmic force.
So you're never getting rid of me.
I feel like I technically get rid of you all the time.
Only because I get tired of being so awesome.
So Mr. President, can you speak yet?
No.
And your text is going off the screen?
Case, what kind of a stream are you running here?
Confusing and poorly managed one.
Well, there's tons of subs pouring in anyway.
Get off your ass and thank them.
It's your job to thank them.
Papito's not doing it. Who the hell do you even have doing Papito's job?
I had, I had to, well, not him.
I had to hire my cousin who's just hitting all the buttons.
I finally gave my cousin a job he's been begging for one.
His name's Jake Whitehole.
You're really excited to be here.
I say we just don't cut to Jake very often.
Jake, no need to cut to yourself.
No reason.
Sorry, we just just pretend Jake's not here.
I told you everything is slightly worse now.
I guess that's just how the country's going too.
So bring back Reggie lenses.
I would love to, but I couldn't get anyone on short notice
because that's Papito's job and he's running around
hyped up on Jolt Cola.
Munch is still here. Crumb is still here of course.
Jake, stop cutting to yourself man.
You're too much of a come down from Papito.
Well, Tommy Bigwell is still available.
Tommy Bigwell is still available weirdly.
You should just buy more hats and glasses.
Do you want me to get on that?
No, Jake.
I don't want you to talk at all.
The hype train is still here though.
There's still a hype train.
Hype train, thank the people for the tremendous amount of subs that are pouring in.
Look, when we're at our lowest is when I become my strongest.
Mostly because I love to see case fail.
So play me some triumphant rat beats to fake subs too.
Cause this is the day of the train.
I would say you losing 90% of your co-hosts.
Mostly just means I'm back on fucking top.
It's finally time to train again.
You're on every stream right at the start.
What do you even mean?
Back on the train!
Top's what I do.
Tumbling myself off.
Gas coming through.
Gas stuck.
Cause I never get enough.
Hype train sees failure.
And I say I don't get no fucks.
Let's go!
Flap it off.
You on the beat?
I don't need to be on the beat.
Subs, yeah, you lookin' slim.
Booze!
Or a fight.
God is feeling so damn right.
Flap it off subs.
Yeah, done it.
You know I'm going all night.
We got it.
Tip, did it.
Yeah, the man.
Kid, let it.
We got four months of bed at a time.
The pop of the happy hour.
Stormy 4-7 coming in from heaven with the three months.
They feel nice like love.
The hate is right.
Boom.
Other with the sun.
Sucking bottom, showing some love.
That's some bottom boy.
Top boy.
I don't care.
The 92-mash.
Who got ready to work for a worker?
For Papito.
But I'll tell you this.
Ooh.
Papito may be in the corner jerking.
But we got 28 months from current lead work.
We got Skimer on the golden path.
Cause the mighty eyes drive the hundred vintzes round, man.
We got Stevie loves you.
With the 105.
Reverie wolf howling at the monkey.
But it alive.
We got Ark, Angel with the angles.
The angles downtown, baby.
I'ma send you 18 months.
Devil, devil, don't say that.
I'ma send you 18 months.
Devil, devil, don't run.
Just like Stevie loves you.
With the hundred vintzes.
I got her.
So one bit from Stevie loves you.
Shout it out for every single bit that comes through.
Oh my god.
Topping it off, we got five.
Five fucking subs.
Coming in from Bumpersville.
To me the stream seems better than ever, guys.
The mighty eyes agrees with the hundred bits.
And I'm just dropping rhymes like it's nothing.
I'd say they're fairly easy rhymes to drop.
What do you mean?
Is there a 12 and a 10?
Level six?
People are loving how many people you fired.
Hey, I didn't fire anyone.
Papito's still around.
Everyone just essentially bailed on me and isn't coming to work.
I love you, Lord, to see you.
We'd love to see the efficiency that's been brought to this stream.
I don't respect the hype train's art.
What's the art?
The art of faking theograph.
Won't you understand the sun lord of rafting?
I don't love the rafting.
Look at this free, profaned, Drake young thug type beat.
It's called Triumphant Case.
Look at Drake here.
Well, yeah, that's fine, hype train.
Level six, congrats.
Hey, the stream needs all the support it can get.
We've lost most of our staff.
Well, I wouldn't say we lost them,
but that doesn't mean we're missing them.
I miss Garf.
Garf also said he can't make it.
But he's just busy wandering the country.
Who knows when we'll look back in the town.
Oh, shit.
I'm about to garf.
Down south, we call that shit a garf.
Because that music's so weak, we don't need to carry that shit.
And it made me fucking pee shit.
What?
Pee pee and shit.
I don't even have a penis.
So what the hell am I pee and shit for?
I don't know.
He cannot handle it.
His invisible Ricky's still here.
He's actually, he's been here the whole time.
He's right over there.
That's why my hand disappears.
Because it's behind invisible Ricky.
But he doesn't have a lot to offer.
Yeah, invisible Ricky knows when to keep his mouth shut.
Which is always.
He's the most he would think he'd have said he's free.
Mobile 100 bits.
No.
The lemon also dropping the 100 bits because they know how to keep it legit.
I remember Joe Rogan fired after his Musker Marks.
He was fired a while ago.
Joe Rogan fired before dope.
But we never loaves.
Never loaves?
Never loaves.
Yeah, I'm sure Joe Rogan's crushed, case.
He could be really upset.
I don't know.
Anyway, I'm fucking hyped.
I, I, I understand.
I understand.
In case I was, I don't know if I say that enough that I'm hyped.
Because I'm the hype train.
No, it's really built into pretty much everything about you.
But I'm the hype train.
Yeah.
Do you understand that my deal is that I am the hype train?
Yes.
But do you understand that I am the hype train?
Little Munchie Joe, letting that bold show.
Not that much bolster show unless you count the stomach.
What's that Joe?
Stomach coming through.
Stomach coming through.
I can't get little Munchie Joe out here.
I guess I could get him out here not in his classic look.
But I don't know if he's recognizable outside of the pipe.
Classic character.
Yeah, classic.
You're watching rock and Logan pulled, Paul get doged.
I don't know if Logan Paul get doged.
This Logan Paul, I'm coming up the top.
Coming through hard, hitting you with that 90 degrees slope like slain.
Through the mat and you know there's no coming back.
Dropping off the lariat, with on a chat and me coming from the back.
What?
So yes.
Yeah, you got doged by my hard lariat.
I hit Logan Paul with a lariat.
Okay, great.
It just adds up the UFO still is tied to the dinosaur.
I haven't fixed that yet.
What the hell have you fixed?
Basically nothing.
Oh my God.
Takes us a frow.
Frow, God.
Frow about to explode.
How much longer does this hype train have to live?
Probably the hours.
Of all the people to survive, it had to be the hype train.
Everybody's so relieved that I didn't die.
And I never, never, I'll never.
You saw 36 seconds.
Never.
You're going to milk this for 30 seconds, your prospective death.
I'll never, ever.
It's impossible I won't.
I absolutely won't.
Never.
You started this way too soon.
Never.
I will never.
I wasn't so expected.
Oh my God.
All right, we're back.
Anyway, the hype train is fine.
I'd say the stream is 90% the same, but no Jeff Ripple.
My most used correspondent.
Still chat.
Yeah, just a heads up.
I'm fine.
I'm unkillable.
I cannot be doged.
Dogead.
At least you're still here.
Somebody finally understanding that I'm the most important thing.
Period.
You're the most important thing period.
Don't even fucking stress.
I'm the most important thing.
Okay.
I'm still here for some reason.
Okay.
And don't even stress case.
Your core crew is here.
Oh my God.
I'm still and Peter also got fired.
What?
I think Peter also got doged right.
No.
Well, are you sure?
I sent an email with the 10 things I did last week.
I dug deep.
I did 10 things.
You know, I'm still here because I came to pick up some mannies that I left in the fridge.
It was very spoiled.
And I request reimbursement.
Seven of her.
We do still have my cousin Jake White hole.
So we still got a crack team here is Justin Powers.
Okay.
Um, is he?
I don't know if he is.
Let's find out.
Let me see if I can get a hold of him.
Hmm.
Hmm.
It's not looking good.
I'm going to let you guys know it's not looking good for Justin Powers.
Anyway, they'll probably be back in about a month.
Fingers crossed.
Everything should be back to normal in about a month.
Or if anybody is a user of the P Trump IS snap camera server extension and really knows a
workaround for my current issues.
There's a thread where we were attempting to solve for it.
But really don't kill yourself.
I'm trying to figure it out because I already did and it was it was beyond me.
So we'll just wait for a friendly neighborhood update.
From Doge.
Yes, the cats.
I do blame also the cats.
Does Jake eat frozen bananas with mannies?
Jake.
What the hell?
It looked different there for a second.
Jeb's dad is still in the wood.
I saw Jeb earlier and he looks like he had a little work done.
So Jeb is still here but he looks a little weird.
Jake do you eat frozen bananas with mannies?
Do you mind is there anything?
Do you eat?
Yes.
No.
He got the DIY faith lift.
I think he might have done it himself.
Jeb still looks odd.
Yes, it doesn't look better.
He just looks different.
Okay, well, um, the Grendel.
Thank you so much.
Six months, 27 months in total due to my inconsistent streaming schedule.
Who knows if it's even possible to stay subbed for me for an extended streak.
But now that I'm healthy again, I was actually pretty sick for about a week.
So it's good to feel somewhat normal again.
Speaking of normal, let's do some news.
It's news time.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Hi.
You need an adult?
Okay, it's venue correspondent Dmitry.
Hello, I'm Dmitry.
I'm here to help with news in the Russian perspective.
Oh, that's what you are, you're Russian.
Was that not clear?
Are you coming into like a 56k modem signal into my own studio?
Are you being filled with like a worse camera for some reason?
You keep slowing down.
No, I mean, you can smell time with that hunker.
Well, I've seen a Stigia, but for time,
that would be like a superpower if you could sense the passage of time
with more than your soul and your eyes.
You could say in a sense all of your time,
all of your senses are predicated upon time.
Okay, what's with your intro music?
This is just a track I like.
Can you, I'm glad it's cut off.
You know, you seem to really be causing a delay on the stream.
What?
Well, I'm just saying you seem to be causing a delay.
So maybe we don't go with you.
What? I'm the hot new correspondent.
Maybe we go with a different hot new correspondent.
Can you put on that beard over there?
Well, this one, yeah, they're nice.
You'll be working better.
You want me to look like this instead.
Do I want to see this face all the time?
What do you mean?
Just let me take off the stupid beard and glasses.
No, I think this is actually good enough.
Hey, it's Dmitry, everybody.
This is what I have to wear to work here.
This is the look you seriously want.
Yeah, that seems fine.
Could we please track out the trailer for...
That's more Russian than before.
What do you mean?
This is not trying to be like a stereotype for you, okay?
I'm also a Russian expater.
I'm an American citizen now.
I'm a Russian expat.
I came to this country to actually kind of leave a government,
a country that felt like it was being taken over by a dictator,
and egg on my face, because whoopsie.
Out of the frying pan into a fucking Russian nesting doll of just...
total conservative leadership.
Yeah, that's sorry, but I wasn't the smartest choice.
I do feel like I'm about as real of an American as anyone at this point.
Sure, yeah, that makes sense.
Come on, Elvis.
How'd you know I'm an Elvis fan?
Well, I don't know if we're going to be able to use you too often, Dmitry.
This is a little distracting. What is distracting about this?
Well, look, I brought you on because there was news about, you know, international politics via...
Well, really, I think it was, you know, sort of French US news, but vis-a-vis Ukraine.
Ukraine. Ukraine? Yeah.
The glasses are pretty, pretty massive.
What are we talking about?
What the... What's happening?
US forums new heel faction with Russia? Oh, again?
We're sort of getting a repeat of the, like, Sergeant Slaughter...
Iran Union? Yeah, that's the hottest new storyline going on in America.
It's definitely a choice. Case told me to put this on.
He said my normal face was lagging the stream.
Yeah, yeah, it kind of was. Rick's going to open up a file on this?
I haven't heard from Rick. I don't even... Maybe Rick got doged. I don't know.
I know he's not here. Don't worry, I'm here. I see that, Dmitri, and it's not making me feel better about losing my other correspondence.
Well, you never miss what you have until you don't have it anymore. That's just sort of the nature of life.
If Trump comes out with a blonde and a black facial hair and a bandana, I'm on board.
He could change up his look. I just learned that that's always an option.
You can really 160 your whole look. 160? Well, not the full 180.
A 160? I left 20 degrees from before.
You thought the cons value loyalty? I guess not.
Um, okay. Well, I guess... Let's read news.
That's what we usually kind of do at the top of the stream.
I thought you talked to a train for about 25 minutes.
Sorry, usually we talk to a train for about 25 minutes at the top of every stream.
But then we have you read an AP or a writer's note news article.
So you get that honor today, Dmitri.
Well, lucky me. Look at these two best friends.
Just doing what politicians do.
The predator handshake. And the news on President Krasnov not yet.
Hollywood. Oh, that could be Hollywood dim. You want your nickname to be dim?
Hollywood dimmy? Dimmy 3?
You can pick your own nicknames. Okay, I'll attempt to do that.
Just hours after the US Office of Personal Management directed agencies that responses to its emails were optional.
Elon Musk again, which is not the story I was just about to read.
What does this have to do with Russia?
Why did you even bring me here? This is...
Elon Musk renews threat to fire federal workers. Which update am I reading case?
Who's in charge here? I don't know.
I'm clicking on all sorts of stories.
And they're not loading correctly.
I'm so confused. Okay, let's see if we can find...
There's a lot of stories to get to, so we'll see if we can find this one.
Okay, here we go. One story at a time, please.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right, sorry, Dmitri.
Front meets with Macron is uncertainty growth about US ties to Europe and Ukraine.
President Donald Trump expressed hope that Russia's war in Ukraine is nearing an endgame
as he met Monday with French President Emmanuel Macron.
And the third anniversary of the invasion on it, sorry.
But France's leadership says it's crucial that any potential agreement with Moscow
does not amount to surrender for Ukraine.
Despite me having this accent. Again, I'm a Russian expat.
Not a spy. I'm not accusing you of being a spy.
Here's a bit of advice, Dmitri. Don't bring up the thing you're trying to hide.
It's a rookie mistake that I'd say about 100% of my correspondence make.
No, it's not. It's sort of a stereotype. I'm not one.
Card King is. Well, Card King, you can confirm. You don't know me.
I'd stride out any of them know you. That's because I barely know.
I don't know how I even got this job. I'm saying everything is above board here.
Listen, the talks between Macron and Trump come.
Honey, thank you so much for the sub. It means the world to me.
Back in my home country, subs are illegal. That's not true.
There's plenty of Russian streamers. Really? So I just didn't get any?
Yeah, probably if you didn't get any subs, it's not because they were illegal.
Fuck. So I just was not well liked?
Well, did you have any viewers? No. Yeah, you need some to get subs.
Okay, that makes sense.
Anyway, these two are talking and their talks come at a moment of deep uncertainty about the future of transatlantic relations
with Trump transforming American foreign policy and effectively turning the European leadership,
turning out and turning out, you know what I mean? Bang, bang.
No, I don't think that applies here. Well, he's tuning them out.
He's effectively tuning out European leadership as he looks to quickly end the war in Ukraine.
While Macron and Trump made nice at the White House, their countries were at loggerheads.
I love these kind of American terms of phrases.
When did this Chinese Psyop stream become a Russian one? I don't know.
I was trying to be a Chinese Psyop, but for some reason I can't get any Chinese correspondence.
Just get the Chinese guy on here, case. What's stopping you?
You got the Russian guy. You don't seem to have a problem with that.
Yeah, for some reason I feel like I can get away with the Russian guy, but I just haven't gotten any Chinese.
Fellows to agree to be on here.
Chin-Chan is available. Sounds like a reasonable correspondent to me, guys.
Some would argue that maybe you're just as offensive in certain ways. What do you mean about that?
Good question. Is Dmitry in the Goon Squad? Listen, my times in Russia, it's not a safe place.
You have to goon up. You and your squad of goons, you goon together just to feel safe.
You know what goon means? I mean, I know that it also means jerking off together,
which sometimes you would do just to stay warm, but also we'd beat people up.
Okay. Shin-Chan. I don't even know who that is.
You think Jim-Chan agrees? I mean, I'm not worried I'm just shouting people out that are a real problem.
I don't know who these chans are.
You goon for the heat, yes. I'm not ashamed. It's very cold.
Even Americans jerk off together just for a story to tell about what middle school was like.
For us, you're in a room of 8 to 15 middle-aged Russian men just gooning their asses off to stay warm.
Talk to me once you've done that about gooning. Once you're gooning just to survive.
You have heated in Russia, too. Probably better.
This is way colder over there. There's a city that's like below freezing always famously.
They just heat everything. Yeah. What am I made out of? Oil?
Famously, your country's kind of got a lot of oil.
My point is we were gooning for necessity. Okay. Well, you're kind of distracting from the story here.
I'm trying to talk about it. All I'm trying to do is lend a reasonable perspective to this story.
Okay. Well, I don't know if that's working.
Let's look. I can't help it if this is how I look. Okay.
And I can't help it if I have sensitive eyes and I need purple sunglasses.
Anyway, these two are chatting it up. They're friends. Okay.
And in a broad comments on the state of the conflict, Trump said he believed the Russian president Vladimir Putin would accept European peacekeepers in Ukraine.
Is that good? I thought you could provide a little context here.
My context is probably Russia is not going to play tonight here. We don't tend to do that. Okay.
I think that maybe I think maybe President Trump and Vladimir Putin might be gooning for the warmth, if you know what I mean.
Kind of in front of all of us. They do tend to like to do that. They've been gooning together for years.
And they don't think they're showing any time to stop him, even though he's trying to invite Macron to his goon squad.
France is a warmer country. They don't need to goon for the warmth.
Okay. And look, that's just my personal opinion on the situation.
Okay. So anyway, Trump said he hoped that war would end within weeks and that Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky would soon come to the U.S. to sign a deal giving America access to Ukraine's critical materials, which are used in key technologies.
I mean, sometimes that's what you gotta do. You say, look, we gave you a lot of guns. We did sort of support you kind of.
We also kind of maybe pulled you into this war by floating the idea of you joining NATO.
But no backsies. Now you owe us all of your valuable materials and as a bonus, we'll end the war.
Everything you fought for, you give America exactly what we want. You have extremely unfavorable terms with Russia.
It's a win-win for two states. And the third one doesn't count as a state anymore.
What? I'm just saying they're pretty much fucking Ukraine here. That's sort of the idea.
They're kicking them out of the goon squad saying goon in the corner where it's cold by yourself, generating almost no heat.
Ludwig Keiser getting his meat slapped by Penta right now.
These are meat slapping sort of day. Countries slapping each other's meats around.
Certain countries getting left out in the cold. The goon to no one.
Well, it's not entirely clear what's going to happen with Ukraine yet.
I mean, it's certainly clear that the US seems interested in essentially cutting off aid to them and more or less aligning ourselves with Russia, courtesy of Trump.
But it's unclear what the EU will do, although I guess you think it's unclear what they'll do.
You'll see what's going on right here. It looks like they're going to do kind of whatever Trump wants.
They look like... That's a pretty strong predator handshake. You know what I mean?
Got a deep clasp. They're definitely both flexing biceps.
That's the kind of an international agreement you have to see to believe.
It has become a nuclear meat slapping contest lately.
Well, hopefully we can just keep it to sort of a ballistic level of meat slapping.
Because once you go nuclear meat slapping, you don't even need to go in for the heat anymore, because the whole planet is essentially cooked.
I remember when Russia was considered the enemy of the States. Me too.
I thought I was coming here as sort of a big coup, like, hey, I'm abandoning my home country.
But then I come here and, you know, it's basically like, whoops, I'm still in Russia.
Because that Russian over here? It's feeling more Russian over here every day.
Maybe we need to make it feel more like 1950s Russia?
No, it's feeling more straight to 90s Russia, if you know what I mean. Really anything goes.
R.I.P. Dillon. R.I.P. Dillon.
Anyway, insuring security for Ukraine. Ukraine also is looking for future security guarantees as part of any agreement.
Trump, however, did not say whether the emerging deal would include assurances from the United States.
He said Europe is going to make sure nothing happens. And that's how it's worked in the past.
But the image Europe will take care of itself.
So, I'm sort of an isolationist now that I'm American. I say, let's let them take care of it.
You know, I'm honestly kind of pro-U.S. not meddling too much in things, although it's tricky when we've been meddling for so long that
ideally we'd be a little responsible for some of the messes we help make, but
well, sometimes you spill and it's just a responsible thing is to call a cleaning lady and sometimes that cleaning lady is
every European country in minus, you know, maybe the UK because they're not in the EU anymore.
Quit stalling and get to the story. Oopsie. Now that's my kind of joke.
Okay, I'll take your word for it. That is a good one.
A French official with knowledge of Macron's meeting with Trump said the US president didn't object to the need for your security guarantees in a possible peace deal,
but details were still being worked out. The official wasn't authorized to comment publicly and spoke on condition of enmity.
Bad card, King Pag. I thought he's got my approval. Me. The real Russian of all. What? The real Russian of all.
So he's got my approval. It's a pass from me. And a passing grade, that is.
At the joint press conference, Macron acknowledged that European nations must do more to bolster defence on the continent,
but he also warned against capitulating to Russia. This piece must not mean a surrender of Ukraine, Macron said.
And I'll do this in French. It must not mean a ceasefire without guarantees.
Pretty good, French. Um, son, we're late here. First accent.
Okay, I'll work on it. Let me try again. The space must, the pace must allow for Ukraine's sovereignty.
How's that? Um, sounds like FI is there. I guess you were doing a Fiona accent secretly.
I'm just trying to do my French accent. It's hard to really capture it. Okay, anyway.
Macron cut off direct communication with Putin after Russia forces carried out brutal operations in Kiev and so,
I'm just going to put this over above Buka, months into the conflict, but he said the moment is changed
and he hopes Trump's engagement with Putin can lead to something fruitful.
Like fruitfully giving away all of your natural resources to the United States.
And now speak softly and carry a big dick that you dick down an entire country with.
Is that what the guy said with the big mustache? Yeah, more or less. Okay.
So, you know, I guess I'm an American citizen officially, but I guess I'm back to also being a Russian citizen
because we're best pals now. I don't know how I feel about that, but, you know, I can only move so many times.
What the fuck am I going to do? You know, move to fucking Belgium? Belgium? I don't know. I don't want to.
Okay, well, you're stuck with us then. That's true and you're stuck with me. I'll be back every day.
You don't have to be back every day. I'll be back pretty much every day probably because you lost most of your staff.
And now you've immediately started hiring foreigners. You said you're an American citizen. Yeah, but you know, you know, no.
Okay, well, I'll be back. Don't worry. I'll be back constantly. You'll be back occasionally. Occasionally.
That's that's the I can't pay you every day. What? This was a full time job. No, it's like a it's an hourly rate
and you only work for about 20 minutes of the hour. Damn, my hourly rate is already really low.
I know I'm getting quite a deal. Okay, well, this all the time we have for today, although now I'm tempted to draw it out
if I'm getting paid by the fucking minute. Yeah, but your time is up. My time is now. No, your time is up.
You can't see me. Your time is not now. Okay, this all the time we have for now. Just remember.
I don't know. Learn to Russian national anthem because our countries are closer than ever, which I guess is a good thing.
I don't know you tell me it's probably a bad thing. I'll be real with you. It's probably not going to be good for you guys.
But it is what it is. And that's all the news for now. We'll see you soon.
Man, you look fucking worse than ever. I guess they fired the remnants of the human face that you have because you look bad.
I'm just a little under the weather. There's a sickness going around and illness. Well, you've had it for fucking decades apparently.
I do have a sort of unfortunately, a sick constitution. I get sick very easily. So I spent the last week just carrying several buckets around to collect the fluids in case I couldn't make it to the bathroom in time.
Or in case I was overflowing the toilet. So it's been a rough week. I didn't need to know that. Are you better? Oh, well, now I'm not. Sorry.
I'm thinking about being sick and it's making me have sympathetic sickness for myself. Can you stop being sick? If you're sick, can you just go home? Can you leave? Can you quit?
No quitting. I am better. I consulted with a doctor who I guess is now also a correspondent.
We have a doctor here. Yeah, apparently case employs a doctor in sanity.
But I guess because of staffing shortages now he also has to occasionally read the news or something.
Anyway, he says I got a clean bill bill of health and you know, he looked me in the eye, gave me a firm handshake.
He said, you're good to go. That was his entire process of checking you. Well, you know, you can tell a lot from a handshake.
Soon as I shook your hand, I know this man is compensating for a lot because it was stiff, but in a sad way.
No stiff handshake is sad. Yours was pretty sad.
No way he looked me in the eye. I can look you in the eye. Look at this.
I'm looking at you right now and I'm ready to shake your hand. Okay.
Let's make peace. Let's make a deal. Hi, everybody. My name is Crumb.
See, that's how you say hello to that's how you say that's how you show people respect.
I contact an extended hand. Shake my hand please. You stop threatening our audience with your fucking grimy hands.
My hands are pretty clean. Pretty clean. Well, look, I sometimes if I'm busy, you know, if I get a little muck on my hands,
I don't necessarily have time to wash them right before I get on stage.
So, you know, or, you know, I sweat through my gloves right before I get on stage.
So why are you wearing gloves? Well, you know, I wear my pre-show gloves.
So my hands stay nice and soft. I wear my Vaseline gloves to keep my hands off for the stage.
You know, there's no time to get into all of this. We're supposed to debate something, I'm assuming.
What is the debate? What are we debating?
Um, bunch of Crumb who will get laid off? Now, this is a great question. Here's the thing.
You might have noticed there's a Crumb debt here. Crumb currently owes $170,000 to a dangerous gorilla.
Did the gorilla get fired? Is he gone? No, the gorilla is as employed as ever.
Some people say more employed. He's getting paid more. He got a raise.
Then why does he need money? Well, he's a gorilla. He gets what he wants.
Anyway, the gorilla still works here. Crumb owes him $170,000. Jesus Christ.
And previously, the deal I had was I would give you a $5,000 as a celebration every time I won.
However, it's come to my attention that that's an arrangement that you're for some reason enjoying.
Yeah, because it was, no, I mean, I hated it. Nope. I could tell you liked it.
For some reason you didn't mind losing. Well, yeah, it's getting $5,000.
So here's the new deal, the new deal, baby, the green new deal, not the red new deal. Boom.
We're conservative now. What? What do I need to do for the money?
Well, you're good. If you win, you get paid. Okay, that does make more sense.
But I get to select the side that you're on. So you got to argue for yourself getting laid off.
And if you win, you get $5,000. I have to argue against myself. Yeah.
So I think I should get laid off. Yes. That means you have to argue for yourself getting laid off.
You didn't think this through at all. Well, no, well, look, you got to argue for yourself getting laid off.
And mine is, and I'll do the other one. The other one is you getting laid off.
Well, look, I can't argue anything. So my point is you have to humiliate yourself.
All of this is humiliating. You think I'm not used to humiliations?
Just give me $5,000. I will if you lose. I mean, win. Which is it?
If you win, if you win, you get $5,000. Not that complicated.
You made it so complicated. It's so confusing always. It's not that complicated.
If we never mind the mind that mine's making that poll, who should get laid off?
Me, obviously not. Or Crumb, of course. Good. Fireman. Fireman.
And how about this severance package? I get $170,000.
That's great. You think you actually deserve $170,000 just for leaving here?
I think I'm as popular as anyone on this network. That's a crazy, you're making crazy statements.
Look, saving for the debate is a bin job worth more or less than $5,000.
Less? Well, I guess I don't really consider this.
I don't do this for the money. Oh, I don't either. Obviously, I don't do this for the money.
I do it for the love of spreading information and reasonable debate to the people,
which is why I should be fired. I'm on the side of me getting fired.
Please fire me. Please vote for me to be fired.
This gorilla is breathing down my neck.
Look, I actually do. I prefer to actually have debates about substantive issues.
And for that reason alone, I should not work here.
This is a place of complete madness, helmed by a lazy troglodyte.
And in my position here, I am regularly abused by a vicious co-host
who knows no reason and only ego. Every day I wake up to this nightmare
and it would be my pleasure for you to please release me from it.
So I'm begging you for all that is holy. Holy is vote for me to get laid off.
Am I actually going to get fired if that happens? I don't know.
That's half the time, so I guess I have to stop talking, but please, Chad, I need this.
Look, fire me, whatever. I clearly don't fucking need this.
Good. Yeah, vote for me to get fired. I don't give a shit.
Because that's me winning actually in this case. Right?
You already are confused by your look.
Look, obviously everybody wants me to stay, which is why I got to be the one to go.
You guys probably, if you're really voting for me to lead, that means you don't deserve it.
Now, obviously you're also all on my side and you're voting for me
because you just see the name Munch and you vote for it.
So I do forgive you, however, by virtue of you voting for me,
even mistakenly, you don't deserve me.
However, I'm also a man of the people, so I immediately forgive you.
I'm on your side. So just hold both those thoughts in your head at once
because both are equally true. I'm the best. It'd be insane to fire me.
And for that reason, obviously I'm the one who must win and get fired.
What? Look, my point is I got better shit to do.
I could do literally anything I want. You're lucky that I will never leave.
And that it's impossible to fire me.
And for that reason alone is the reason that you must fire me, because you can't.
Guys, come on. I really don't get the money. You get fucking nothing.
You get a fat defeat.
I'm back in the number one spot like I always was. We're tied.
We're still tied.
Even though you literally, I literally was trying to lose for the last 10 or so rounds.
We're still tied.
And I still owe this girl $170,000. Can we just go back to the previous arrangement?
I lost. I was humiliated.
Can I please just have $5,000 or maybe more?
Just some addict just subscribed in honor of my victory of me getting fired.
The gorilla interest is growing daily. It really is. The only reason it's at $170 is I'm steadily paying off.
It's like at least $1,000 a week just to stay above water.
And kids does not pay well.
And there's a couple of legal disputes I'm in from my time marrying Rennerton.
I didn't know zombies could suit. We've got some litigious zombies in Rennerton.
Strangely enough, the part of the brain that remain active in many of our completely brain dead and literally dead citizens
was the part that knows how to read a billboard and then hire the lawyer on it.
There's too much lore. There's way too much lore. Can we do a lore reset? No.
You're just trying to get out of only $170,000. There is no lore reset for you, okay?
This lore is deep and active, okay?
And part of it is that you owe $170,000 because you do. And you're not getting out of this.
That gorilla deserves to be paid as much as anyone else.
We're just being paid more so much more than everyone else.
No one on this channel gives that much money.
Crumb hates our culture. Yeah, Crumb is, of course, an enemy of the culture, which is why
despite knowing that the right thing to do would be for me to use my incredibly valuable talents elsewhere,
I will be staying here forever.
That's right. There's no getting rid of me today. I can't be fighting.
It's in my contract. I'm basically both approved.
Technically, we have the same contract. It's also very difficult to fight or meet for the record.
Although I feel like maybe I could sue for wrongful bet.
Allow me to bet?
I'm just saying it's kind of fucked up that case let me wager this much money on his network.
Someone should have stopped me.
Oh my, look at him trying to blame everyone but him for wagering $180,000 to a fucking gorilla.
If you were there, which somebody were, it was at the time it made sense.
I saw it. It did not make sense.
Can we just fucking go?
No, now we got to stay because you asked to end the segment.
The gorilla should do the right thing and forgive the debt.
Yeah, gorilla.
Apparently you understand language and money, so it's never going to happen.
Look, that's all the time we have for now.
I'm calling this before this man gets even more pathetic,
begging to be relieved of his rightfully earned burden of $170,000 to a gorilla.
Look, it's making me fucking, I'm getting sympathetically sick now
and I feel sympathy for myself having to sit next to you.
That's all the time we have for talking to you about back.
Oh, it's good. It's good to be back.
Somebody needs me now.
I didn't request you, actually.
I've got all sorts of exciting new correspondents,
like a guy who looks like me but with a rounder face and bigger eyes
and slightly offensive Russian stereotype.
And yet you're still here. And that's how you choose to say hi.
Hello, Peter. Oh, there we go. Hello.
Great to be here. Good to see you all.
I know we're all very excited to watch internet videos,
which I'm something of an expert in because I watched some.
Well, that is actually the bar.
That is unfortunately actually the only bar for watching these.
Okay, we're pretty far behind.
I was sick last week.
Oh, you know, try living amongst the rats and then come back to me
and talk about being sick.
Okay, I've got illnesses that they don't even have names for
because the only way they can be described is in rat clicks.
What I'm just saying.
Get on the leg, you know, get in line if you want to complain
about being sick parts of me are rotting off.
I didn't even know I had because I'm wedged into a wall.
I'm not going to get a lot of my body.
Jesus, we need to work on our banter on this network.
We really, really do.
Anyway, let's watch some. Let's just watch some videos.
What? Oh, okay.
Oh, oh, oh, is it going to get there?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, right to the tip.
But then they didn't show us it.
It's just going all the way really close though.
It was gross enough without you.
Well, but I plus it up with my reaction.
We're a react channel here.
This gorilla knows what we mean.
That's the world's richest gorilla.
You know, he's been doing all right for himself.
Like he's a really brutal negotiator.
You know, I might have fired half my staff,
but couldn't get rid of that gorilla.
Good conscience. He provides too much to this network.
You ruined it.
Yes, you did, Peter. What?
No, I was just playing along with a little one.
You know, it's like, what if I was coming?
What if? Isn't that crazy?
What if I did everything about that case?
What if I came stop it?
Peter stopped. Just let's move on.
Jesus. Whoa. Oh my God.
What did he do? Oh my God.
He died.
Whoa. Does that work?
Um, apparently if Jackie Chan can do it, I just believe it.
Wow. Never taken a fighting class?
No, no, no, not at all.
I'm pretty sure anybody could probably beat the shit out of me if they really wanted to.
Really? You don't want to act like you're tough at all?
Oh, no, I'm definitely not.
Does it science?
All right, case you can try it on me.
It killed that guy. I don't think I should try it on you.
Look, I've got a strong resolve.
I can absorb a lot of punishment.
You know, kind of an iron body,
but just sort of spread out with a lot of panic.
Yeah, thank you, Paul. Was that Paul?
The notorious Paul?
Who's texting you? I have friends.
9.16, well deserved.
Um, this is another famous line, supposedly.
Let's see. We're sort of doing a movie, classic movie moments right now.
Let's see what other classic movie moments we're dealing with.
Okay, I'm hitting all the buttons.
We'll meet back here at 8 a.m.
Don't be late.
Unexhausted.
Yeah, me too, but, you know, I'm really wired.
What do you say I take you home and eat your pussy?
Oh, it worked!
Oh my God. Does that work?
Um, you know, I would advise you don't try that line, Peter.
Well, I don't know who I try it on.
Hey, Rock-a-fire gorilla.
How about I take your home, take you home, and eat your gorilla pussy?
Rock-a-fire, that's appropriate to say.
That's appropriate to say, but I did have to cut your mic,
because I can't have that aired.
So that's a no from the gorilla.
That is a no from the gorilla.
Yeah, that was a no from Rock-a-fire.
Well, case you're the only other person I can try it on.
You know, it's not going to work.
All right, but what if, despite you saying that,
because I've got a lot of energy,
I took you home and I ate your pussy case, Plackwell.
Just continue onward, Peter,
really making me miss the other correspondence for the record.
Just reminding you of what it means to be human,
to love and to lose, and to eat your pussy.
Stop it. Just stop.
Okay, let's watch another video.
Whoa! They just don't stop!
Direction!
I didn't think I'd come at two videos today, case.
But my pants tell a different story.
That was incredible.
You're so horny today.
It's not just today.
Today I'm just trying to be more honest.
This is the worst.
But that video was great.
You're telling me.
You're going to have to tell the extra pairs of underwear
I'm going to have to start wearing.
Just to not have to change this often.
Because of all the coming I'm doing.
That Russian guy available.
Who didn't vote for 10 for that one?
You know what? You probably ruined it.
Someone just reflexively played X-Mation Point Zero,
because you won't stop talking this way.
I'm sorry that I'm enjoying the videos on myself.
I didn't know that expressing yourself was a crime here.
No, it's not. Just stop talking about coming.
But no one else has held to that standard here, so...
Why me? Because of how you look.
Oh, that does make sense.
A jalapeno chicken and orange chicken?
Anything else?
Two egg rolls?
That's it?
That's it.
A jalapeno and orange?
Yeah, jalapeno and orange.
Thank you.
No.
No.
Whoa!
Oh my God, she's quitting today.
She's quitting.
What the...
Oh my God!
Look, her manager's behind her just getting pissed.
No! No closing it!
There is no closing it.
She doesn't care.
She's fucking done.
She's fucking done. She's done with this job.
That's what I plan on doing when I'm ready to quit case.
I'll do the same thing, but with my bag of rats
that I'm gonna take with me when I leave.
It's gonna be overflowing, because I don't even care anymore.
They're all coming with me.
Sorry, in your head the situation here is you quit
and you leave with a bag of rats that's overflowing.
With all your rats.
I take all of them and then you've got no rat pals.
Because that's how I'm gonna...
When I don't care anymore, it's the kind of behavior
you can expect from me.
Okay, well, I'll wait on that happening then.
Just, no, that's the kind of employee you'd be losing.
I did.
I did a little at that one too.
It was a quick one though, because I've only got
five or six in me a day.
Especially hands-free.
Probably hands-free.
You can't even see him down here.
Who knows what I'm doing?
I can tell what you're doing over there, Peter.
So please don't.
You know, we have similar hair you and I.
You know what? Let's just...
What? Sex over 40.
Peter, no coming at this.
Well, if you tell me not to, then...
now you're just setting me up for success.
Well, I'm really into health, sex and longevity.
That's beautiful.
The sexual impulses actually create the longevity.
You can have great sex and remain sexually active
for decades after the age of 40.
Not just mechanical sex, it can be fulfilling,
exciting, and can continue to enhance long-term relationships.
The most striking fact is that sex is good
for most mature couples.
For some couples, more sex is better than less.
You'll see demonstrations by real people
of how greater sexual intimation...
Sand, case, you're a weird fair band.
...and how more pleasure and lifelong satisfaction
have been enjoyed.
Well, I think women like those romantic touches.
I found that in my own relationships with my other friends.
Oh, my God!
I watched them there.
Hungarian and Austro-
40? 40 feels a little young.
Just because your body doesn't run as fast as it used to,
doesn't come as fast as it used to,
make lemonade out of it.
Don't make sour grapes and sour apples out of it.
In volume 2 of the couple's guide to great sexual reporting,
you'll learn more and better skills
to deal with physical changes in your body
and how maturity can enhance and reinvigorate sexual relationships.
See, well, look, I already said come enough
that I don't think you can get in trouble
for the video saying it.
I feel like Twitch is within their rights
to ban me for any of this.
I think it's only fair, honestly.
But hey, couples over 40 need love, too.
Well, that's 40 in the 90s.
People used to age twice as fast in the 90s.
You ever seen the movie Jack?
Um, yes. That was everyone.
Robin Williams' character in the film Jack.
Is that what it was called? Jack?
Robin Williams.
You know what? I bet I've looked this up before.
I bet I've looked this up before on stream.
It was Jack, okay.
Yeah, it was Jack.
You're telling me.
I might have to name me Jack at the end of this segment.
And my last name is It's Off.
Because of the masturbation I'm doing to these videos.
Oh my God, Peter.
You're not even... I'm next to you.
If you do that for real, I'm going to kick you out of here.
And I'll make the gorilla do it.
And he's down. Look at him.
I know he's down.
I'm joking.
I mean, I'm not joking about coming,
but I'm not masturbating.
I don't need to.
I'm fully tantric.
I can do it with my body and spirit case.
And if a little dribbles out,
that's between me and the Lord.
We're having fun.
No one is having...
Okay.
That's Twitch texting me to let me know that I'm done.
That they're letting me go.
You don't work for Twitch, no.
But they said they fired and hired me.
Okay.
Jesus, Kanye, we're not watching a Kanye video.
I don't know what that'll do to you.
That won't make me calm.
Maybe we should watch it.
Thank you, Sporophyte, for letting us know
that no fun is being had here.
Uh...
Let's just watch whatever this guy's got.
This is Link and Hope.
How bad could it be?
Let's take a quick look at being enough.
Yeah.
That was beautiful. See?
A little quick bite of just affirmation
is sometimes all you need.
Because I'll be real, case you've been very negative today.
It's just because you'd say you're coming
in explicit terms.
Stop it.
Okay, well, look, that one was short.
So we'll double up the rate.
We'll combine ratings.
So combine however you feel about that last video
with this.
How's this feel?
Uh-oh.
Oh, no.
I didn't want to, but I did.
Not proud of that.
But I squeaked a little one out.
I hate the player.
I hate the dangling humanoid body.
That's honestly in pretty good shape.
And I think most people did.
Really brought down the rating from that other video.
Protect Sarah Connor.
Protect me from Peter.
There's no, no, no terminators coming for you, case.
Just a good friend looking for a hug.
I didn't really come that much.
I'm not hugging you.
Oh.
You know, the only thing that could end this stream
and put us back in good gracious, look at that guy.
Wow, he's fun.
Let's listen to a little bit of music.
Okay, guitar set.
All right, so what we're going to do now is, um,
we're going to just make a beat from scratch.
Something I do with this machine, you can do it in your car.
Okay.
On the plane.
You hear that?
So that's the tempo, all right?
So now what I would do is come here,
choose a sound.
Bum, sound.
Okay.
All right, I'm feeling this.
Okay.
So I'll take that sound.
Let's go track two.
Choose another sound real quick.
Let's just go underground bass.
Got it.
All right.
Put them on this machine.
You can put the quantize, the beat, and just...
There's a beat again.
You can go tight on C.
You want to try to...
Got it.
Okay, track three.
Track three is empty.
Sure.
I'll move up here to my sounds again.
All right.
We did it.
And now, sounds are like...
Whoa.
What's that guy nodding to?
I want a nod so bad, but to what?
Whoa.
All right, so then,
we're trying to really make it like have that modern sound.
I just want to add a little hot hat.
A modern sound?
A normal, like, hot hat from modern music, shall we say.
This is three minutes long.
I think we need to watch the whole thing.
Let's go.
So, just come right back.
I'll just fight it.
Roll it on it.
Yeah, I want to know how this goes.
A short video about driving safety, we can end on that.
All right, we'll kind of head to how...
Where did you get...
Cool, man.
I don't know.
He's seen it lost as guitar center expert.
Cool, man.
You see how great it sounds with these headphones.
One pair of headphones, two guys connected.
It can't beat that.
Basy chain.
Basy chain.
And it's like, what the fuck is this to yours?
And this could go on.
And so, say you have a good situation with you hanging with your girl
and she's watching something on her hot pod or...
Yeah, of course.
And she's like, honey, check this out.
She's got to take the headphones off and put it on your ear.
Yeah, of course.
With mines, you just plug right into all of it.
Come on, go on with things, Nick.
He said Nick at the end, by the way.
Pretty sure he said Nick.
I know people have been concerned about confusing certain words with Nick lately.
I don't know what you're talking about.
He said Nick.
He can say whatever he wants.
Okay, well, I thought that was pretty good.
Um, can we find...
Does that beat exist on its own?
Rizzi Guitar Center beat.
I want to see if there's a completed version.
Damn it, no.
Has anybody come through to make...
To just finalize this beat?
How about Guitar Center beat remix?
Maybe I can find this.
Maybe we need to get on this.
Remix RZA Guitar Center promo beat.
Let's see how this goes.
Let's go.
This is just the original.
I'll just...
Oh, look, someone did it.
I'll just probably roll it on there.
Okay.
There's the remix.
This is not the same beat.
Okay, now this loses the beauty of the original too much.
Yeah, he had like one of the same noises.
I think remix might be a little bit of a stretch there.
Ooh, RZA Guitar Center beat.
TMPR3K.
Temp-reck remix?
Maybe this one's where it's at.
Here we go.
Yeah.
How come it's actually good?
Turns out there was gold in those hills.
Just need a little bit of coaxing.
You just gotta sift for it, baby.
Okay, I said we would do a car safety video,
which apparently has been added at the end, so...
Let's end with a little car safety.
A little wily? Thank you for the wily.
Let's see what they've got for us.
An accident.
Uh-oh. No! No!
Ow!
So much death.
Ow!
Every driver's worst nightmare.
The drivers?
But what if you could take it back?
Going 65 miles per hour, it takes 365 feet to bring your car to a complete stop.
That's a lot of feet.
Driving just 5 miles per hour slower, you gain an additional 100 feet of stopping space.
So what would you rather say? 30 seconds or a life?
Oh my god.
Oops!
Oh my god, that's hit!
No!
You fool! What a journey.
First you come and then you're scared and then you come again.
Okay, Peter, that's good enough for today.
No, we gotta wait for the rating case.
30 seconds.
What's Sunday the-
Quantock.
Got it.
What's Sunday the-
Quantock.
Anyway, there's a 9.88.
It was pretty, it was good.
Well done.
Well done to the midnight show.
What is that from?
13 years ago.
Back when we used to know how to internet so good.
Internet's so much worse than it was 13 years ago.
Well, is it?
Damn, is it actually worse?
Am I becoming an old man?
Am I actually nostalgia for the shitty internet of 2011?
Seems like you are.
You better check your parents' case.
Did you?
You know what?
I didn't.
Because that's not a normal thing to do, Peter.
Well, I agree to disagree.
And agree to say bye-bye for now.
Thanks for hanging out.
I've gotta go get a mop and a bucket.
Because of all the sweat.
We know it's not sweat though.
You and I know it's not sweat.
Not all bad news, everyone.
Some of us are still very much here.
No getting rid of the classics, they say.
Hello, it's your girl, Liliana.
Oops, I ejected her immediately by accident.
Sorry about that, Liliana.
Damn it, I hate it.
Why do you have that doctor evil style switch around here?
Very scary to get rocketed into the ground like that.
And then pop back up.
Okay, let's see.
What are we talking about today?
Yeah, I do.
I'm just perusing the story options for the day.
It is very expensive.
Case uses tons of fossil fuels every time to power these automatic chairs.
Or one AI generated image worth of power to move this chair around.
Okay, there was a story I wanted to check out.
Curious about your thoughts on it, Liliana, but now I can't seem to find it.
Was it penis related?
Yeah, well...
Yes.
Um...
I've never, I don't know, heard this much of your song.
It's dangerous to hear this much of my song.
Okay.
I found it.
I found the story that I want to talk about.
Let's stop this music.
Enough of it for now.
Alright.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
It's nose time, everybody.
Dang it.
There's too many tabs.
You've got too many tabs, guys.
Yeah, I know, it's a really confusing monitor.
But there's nothing we can do about that right now, Liliana.
You just have to be brave and read the news.
Okay, let's read the news then.
Boom.
Elon Musk's botched penis enlargement.
Singer makes massive claim.
So this is kind of old news.
But Elon Musk has sort of steadily been in the news lately, so...
I think we can use this to kind of bring us up to speed on...
pretty much everything that's going on with him.
Yeah, I suspect this is the source of a lot of what's going on with him, honestly.
Um, Elon Musk, pictured above,
has some accusations flying at him from Singer Azilia Banks,
who continued fiery jabs at Elon Musk and his ex-partner, Grimes,
by alleging that the former underwent a medical procedure
on his privates that did not go well.
Those are not a thing you like to hear.
You can deal with sort of a botched facial surgery.
We might see some of that later.
But, botched penis surgery, everybody can see that.
Isn't it the opposite?
Well, everyone can see the mental effect it has on you,
to overcompensate for your botched and useless penis.
By just sort of doing untold damage,
damage to the public sector and society at large.
Oh, that's what's happening?
I think that could be what's happening,
is that this guy just has a really fucked up dick,
and he's mad about it.
It's probably not over simplification, but is it?
Banks has often targeted Musk and Grimes
in question their relationship on social media
in a series of tweets on February 16th,
and currently it's the 24th.
That's over eight days ago.
Just eight days ago.
But increasingly over eight days ago.
Eight days ago, she said Banks marked the Tesla...
She marked the Tesla CEO's dating history
and linked it to a botched penis surgery.
And that's the story.
Okay, in what sense was it botched?
Well, who knows? All of them maybe.
The rapper responded to an ex-user,
and this is once again a story that's entirely based around a tweet.
The rapper responded to an ex-user who claimed that Musk had a botched penis implant
and seemingly affirmed the assertion by saying,
Grimes told me this too.
This exchange came after Banks ridiculed Musk's past in a viral tweet.
Gangsters are actually bad bitches.
Elon has been on a streak of solid fours and fives.
Grimes didn't have the confidence to work her area.
Amber heard it's his last hit,
and that was a long time ago,
and he's honestly a one-hit wonder for that.
He's not pulling actual eights, nons, and tans with all that coin.
The rapper wrote.
Oh, she's just calling everyone that Elon currently dates.
Ugly?
Uh, yeah, pretty much.
Really calling out Ashley St. Clair, I guess?
Who else is Elon fucking?
Can we get a picture of all of Elon's mothers?
Elon baby mammals.
How many are there? What do they look like?
Oh no, these all look like he's batting above his weight to me.
I think it's a stretch to call these fours and fives.
Look at these.
That's Elon Musk.
And his? These? He's the latest he's dating.
I think they all look substantially better than him, actually.
However, maybe I'm just sort of...
They all kind of look like me.
I don't really think they do.
Isn't there like 12?
I mean, he's the dad of 13 kids, as the story is telling us.
And he's fathered children with four different women.
So I don't know, does this include Ashley St. Clair?
I don't think this photo includes Ashley St. Clair.
You bet his dong is like a bumpy Portobello mushroom.
Might be slightly less stiff than a good old Portobello.
And a little less shroomy.
Just sort of a dangling, possibly long but useless tentacle.
He had the tentacle surgery and it didn't plan out.
He wanted to be able to move it around, like in the hand ties.
But instead, just a floppy little you know weeping willow of a penis.
With all of the stuff trailing down.
The stuff. Yeah, he had a really bad one.
So now his penis is like a upside down weeping willow.
You know, it's big but there's just a bunch of weird branches dangling down.
You know, sort of eldritch.
I feel like we're really making a lot of assumptions about what went wrong with his penis surgery.
Well no one's filling in the blanks, so someone's got to.
Let's just search really, don't do my voice, let's just search really quick.
Elon Musk penis.
And see if anyone has a photo.
Has anybody leaked his penis yet?
No.
Shoot.
I was hoping I could show his penis live on air.
But instead the only photo I found was this.
And it's a little less scientist-fying.
Can I get a Starlink signal?
Maybe he can put a brain chip in it.
Maybe he can play Mario Kart with his ruined penis.
Well as long as he tested on himself and not a bunch of tortured monkeys, I guess I'm okay with it.
There's no proof that he tortured those monkeys' penises.
Only their brains!
Oh yeah, well I didn't, yeah okay.
The Dogefather.
Yes, that I guess is him.
Penis leak could be part of the botch.
That's true. We don't have a photo but there could still be a penis leak.
But look, back to this story.
This isn't the first time banks has taken aim at the former couple.
In December the rapper accused Grimes of holding onto the 2018 feud.
I don't care about the feud, I care about his penis!
Why? I don't know, it's more fun to talk about than him destroying the country.
It is slightly more fun to talk about than that, but only slightly.
His body looks weird so why not his penis?
Maybe his penis looks like his body.
Just sort of a one sided V, you know, like a straight like this.
I can't show it but you know, that's his body.
It's like straight but it keeps coming out at this angle and it curves around.
It's like someone straightening out a P.
There's gotta be a better way to describe that but we'll never know what it is because I'm not going to do it.
Anyway, his dick is weird according to Azalea Banks.
And I say no reason not to believe everything she says.
Again, like I think I said this on maybe the Patreon but it's sort of like the JD Vance couch thing.
It doesn't matter if it's true, it's true.
You know, it feels true so I feel like it's true.
You think Jake likes Leleona?
Okay.
Liliana if Elon Musk paid you several million dollars would you have one of his kids?
I feel like my womb is a pretty hostile place for a child.
What?
It's just the energy radiating from my womb feels slightly murderous so I mean he could try but...
You know, I think it's sort of like...
It's like sending a search party into Chernobyl.
They'll come back but they'll be different.
The accent from that kid would be unintelligible.
Oh I mean especially if he actually spends any time with his father.
I think if he only spends time with you he'll still have an unintelligible accent?
Maybe?
Definitely if you combine the two.
Well don't worry, he'll never have to meet Elon Musk.
If I have Elon Musk's baby.
Based on everything I know.
So the kid will be safe.
The number one way to never meet Elon Musk is to be his child.
It's sort of the only advantage other than potentially millions or billions of dollars of being Elon Musk's child.
I wonder how much money his kids will get.
Well as long as they don't you know...
Express their gender identity in a way that feels true to them.
I guess a lot.
Liliana's a mother fucker not a mother.
There we go.
That's what I like to hear.
Anyway has he been up to anything else?
Well he sent an email.
Everybody probably knows this but he sent an email.
Doge sent an email.
I guess I shouldn't give him all the credit.
The organization that he had sent an email asking federal employees to write down five things they accomplished last week or they'd be fired.
And it honestly seems to have not entirely worked out in his favor.
That he has a broken penis move for sure.
He's really overestimating the appeal of his broken penis.
And I think it's making him overstepped politically.
Uh yeah I mean that analysis makes as much sense to me as any of the others so sure.
Anyway he renewed threats to fire federal workers despite pushback from various agencies as of today.
Just hours after the US Office of Personnel Management directed agencies that responses to its email were optional.
Elon Musk doubled down threw his broken penis on the table and said look at it.
That's what that story says.
No this is courtesy of the AP they didn't say that but I think he probably just reading between the lines.
Anyway he again threatened federal workers in a post on X.
He wrote subject to the discretion of the president they will be given another chance failure to respond a second time will result in termination.
Yeah so for anyone who missed it Elon Musk basically we can probably find the tweet.
Elon Musk.
Well Elon Musk email.
What was the email what are the email officially say.
I gotta hate all these ad blocking sites.
Spilled bag of ice.
Beautiful name and thank you so much for the follow.
Subject to the discretion of the president I want to find the original email.
Musk federal workers.
Five things email.
I mean seeing as my staff was somehow gutted by this email despite me not being.
Government funded.
I feel like I should know what the email actually said.
What did you do last week email.
Damn it maybe can find a picture of the email.
Someone show me the email.
If only I prepared.
Here we freaking go.
These are all people responding to the email.
Oh here it is.
Finally.
Finally the email has come back to the news station.
Please reply to this email with approximately five bullets of what you accomplished last week and CC your manager.
Please do not send any classified information links or attachments.
Deadline is Monday and this was sent on a Saturday.
Because the government really never stops walking.
Because that would be unconstitutional.
No a lot of people don't work on Saturdays even if they work for the government so.
Seems like a slightly suspect time to send it seems like the kind of thing you could well a you shouldn't send it all because no one elected you and be you could send on Monday.
And say hey by the end of the week I need an email of the five things you accomplished this week.
No but then they see it coming so that week they finally do stuff.
You want to catch them after the fact because this email is legally binding there's no way they could just make a bunch of shit up that they did.
I mean I guess they're supposed to CC their manager anyway.
It's fucking ridiculous also he's just firing people anyway.
So why even I guess it's just to stay in the fucking news.
Maybe everything he's doing is just to stay in the news and it's walking.
Talking about his penis we're talking about his penis emails we're talking about his broken penis emails.
We can't get him out of our head.
I can't stop picturing his weeping willow penis but that we don't even know that's what it looks like exactly.
He's got his imaginary penis and who knows if it's as real penis in our heads.
Who's really winning here case.
I mean I guess him.
But on the downside he does have to be Elon Musk.
Maybe that's the Pyrrhic deal he made with the devil because he does kind of feel like he's sort of like a genie made him rich because it doesn't feel like there's any other reason he should be rich.
It's like he got a wish and he wished wish to be the richest man on the planet like Elon Musk does kind of make me believe in genies.
Yeah the genie hypothesis makes about as much sense as any but maybe it was more of a devil goes down to Georgia thing or like you know whatever.
Buffy the vampire slayer style deal.
You know literary you do mean like Mephisto.
Yeah Mephisto style deal where he gets to be the richest man on the planet but he has to be Elon Musk.
Oh sort of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hodge.
You have to be Mr. Hodge who in this case is an incredibly unpleasant South African weirdo.
Yeah.
Yeah I think that's the deal he made.
He gets to be rich but he has to be whatever the fuck is going on with Elon Musk.
Would you take that deal would you be Elon Musk to be the richest man on the planet.
I think I wouldn't take that deal.
I think if you get to be rich you get to I guess have sex with Amber heard is that a payoff.
Is that a thing people want I guess.
He's I'm saying Elon Musk should have made a better deal with a devil.
It is a confusing deal he made if he made one with the devil.
The devil picture left and right a devil on each of his shoulders that the deal he made was he gets to have sex with Amber heard maybe.
But he also has to be Elon Musk and he gets to be real rich.
It's a bad deal still worth it maybe.
I don't know you have to be Elon Musk you have to have his thoughts.
You have to do whatever he was doing at that.
I guess we should may as well watch that too before we get out of here before you get out of here Liliana.
The I am become meme thing like is it worth it to be the richest man on the planet.
If you go in public and actually say this.
This is a question I'm posing to you.
Giggle trash thank you so much for the gifted subs sincerely appreciate it has punishment for your kindness let's all watch this.
I am become mean.
Yeah pretty much.
I'm just I was living the meme.
It's like this living the dream and there's living the meme and it's pretty much what's happening you know.
You're like.
Doge started out as a meme.
Think about it.
Now it's real.
Is that crazy.
I could really feel his broken penis there.
I felt like it was inside me.
I felt it too.
I think we all just felt his broken penis.
Inside us.
And it did not feel good.
It was not broken in a pleasurable way.
Yeah that's pretty much every every time you speak that's what comes out of your mouth but you get to be the richest man on the planet.
Do you take the deal Liliana.
No.
No.
I'd he's rich and pathetic in a way that even I don't find appealing and that's my kink.
I'm so confused because usually I see a pathetic disgusting rich guy and I'm like this is a cat type of person.
I'd love to bury in the dirt and cover in what I say I ants but I honestly just beads.
But I don't even get that desire with him.
He's truly quite the specimen in that he even discuss me.
So his penis is broken like one half is hard and half is soft.
Oh that's interesting.
Like it's just sort of a like a soggy bottom boy penis.
What?
Well like part of it is a soggy bottom boy.
It's I'm imagining like like one half of the penis is way too hard.
You know it's like a brick wall and the other half is like a pair of baggy jeans.
So picture that it's like a brick wall wearing a big pair of baggy jeans and that's his penis.
I'm having trouble picturing that.
That's what's happening.
Head down this wall.
A doctor tried and they only got half.
Well maybe it's like the for the the bottom is is hard.
So it's a half hard penis and then it's just kind of slinky and over on the side.
Oh that's interesting as well.
So you know a really fun base and then it just turns off.
Oopsie then it's kind of wobbles around.
It's wacky wavable wacky wavable inflatable penis.
I'm sure his space X tattooed on the side.
Well unfortunately because it can't get hard it just says search.
But if it would get hard it says it's a space X.
That's too bad.
Too bad when you can't even enjoy your novelty penis tattoo.
So that's what's going on with him.
Well that's what's going on with him.
He's still trying to fire everybody privatize the whole government seems to be the aim of the government.
It's unfortunate that the government really wants to privatize the government and they're trying.
But maybe they're trying too hard and they can't get hard.
And that's the best outro I can think of.
Okay I mean it's not good but it's what we're going with.
And we now go to a little bit of how to see you soon.
Hey everybody.
What the fuck?
What?
What?
Um...
Uh...
You doing okay son?
What do you mean daddy I've been here the whole time.
Okay.
Did you get like a nose job?
And a jaw surgery but in the wrong direction?
In a week? No.
It's me.
What do I look more like Jet?
No not at all you look...
Okay.
Okay son.
Chin reduction? No.
It's me. It's Gem.
Yeah are you the guy from Minecraft?
No I'm Gem.
I don't get it. Can you reverse this?
Can we reverse this?
Well look if I were to reverse it it would probably take
one to two months.
And that happened all at once.
This is too... can you try a different look?
Can you try a different look?
Is this better?
Nope that's worse. That's never mind.
Control Z please.
Alright well...
That was better?
I don't know if that was better.
I'm gonna float against with that.
Okay well I guess this is what we're working with.
We need to encase Gem into the wood until he recovers.
I guess we could just have Crumb do the segment for a while.
No how is that the solution?
How is that a better solution?
That's worse.
That's substantially worse.
Mission accepted.
All even wears glasses.
Add options now.
Guys, Gem is busy.
So why not have me take over?
He left his glasses behind.
I'll fill in for him while he's recovering from
what will gently call facial paralysis.
This... how is this a solution?
What gas should Dad in the wood have on?
How about that? How about I host the show for a while?
Plank, Master Splunther, Peter, Woodpecker and not Crumb.
Well not Crumb in a sense, is me.
It's like a nega duck.
Don't name Darkwing ducks.
Can you stop saying that it does not sound alright coming from new Crumb?
For anyone who wonders I have met Jeb's dad before.
You know I like to pop in on all the segments just to foster a little bit of good will around here.
You show up every day and you offer me skittles.
Well, I have skittles with me and I feel like it would be rude to not offer me something.
I can't eat. I'm wood.
Oh my God, I'm in the wood.
You are in the wood. That's true.
The winner was Master Splunther.
For all I know I'm the wood that Master Splunther wears.
I don't have a good sense of my own body because I'm trapped in the goddamn wood.
Well anyway, I'll fill in for Jeb today because he's feeling out of shorts.
You've already been on. Could we do anyone else?
Is no one coming to save us? What about that Russian guy?
The Russian guy? I could help.
Nope, let's go back to Crumb actually. I'm fine with Crumb actually.
I mean sure. I already offered.
Seems reasonable to me.
Jeb will be back. Jeb will be back.
His face is hurting right now. Until then, people have always wanted me to have a second segment.
Jesus Christ, can we at least get this headline off the screen?
Not talking about Yvon Musk's penis for once.
Well anyway, I understand the mission here. You're dead. You're in the wood.
Oh jeez. Just ripping that bandaid off.
Well anyway, that's what he says, right? Yeah, but it's better coming from my son.
How did I get the only person who is a downgrade from my son?
Do you understand how mean what you just said is both about me and your own child?
And you wonder why he is the way he is. Maybe because you talked to him this way.
Crumb sucks ass. That's what the scroll says right now.
You heard Matthew Spuncher raise your group of mildly autistic otters and taught them the Cromagat?
Yeah, we all know his backstory. We're all fans here.
But you know what else we're fans of? Learning.
So why don't we do a little bit of that?
That'd be such a relief to be able to do a little bit of learning here for once on this network.
Honestly, this is a segment that's perfectly built for me.
So let's check it out. Everyone's thrilled that I'm hosting this.
Sausage makers showing what happens behind the scenes.
What happens if the other runs the Fed?
Take a look at this video please.
Is going behind the scene better left unseen?
Let's ask a real life sausage maker, Alan Parris who joins us now.
Alan, welcome to the show. How are you?
We've been looking at the video there of sausage being made in your place, right?
Yes.
You don't hold news conferences. You don't give tours to your sausage making operation, do you?
No, not at all.
Do you think it's best left unseen?
Some things are better left unseen as long as the sausage looks good in the case.
It's all in the case.
Now I've been looking at this video that we shot in your place this morning.
Did I see lips, gills, throats, intestines going in?
The casings are made out of either hog and intestines or sheep intestines.
This is a little harder to watch.
What goes in the sausage?
The sausage is just pork.
Pork and there's a secret seasoning there.
No lips, gills, throats, intestines, none of that?
Not in all the sources.
What are we trying to do with that?
Are you a sausage making stuff?
Has anybody ever asked you, can I come and see the sausage being made?
Some people do but some things are better left unseen.
You really think that?
Absolutely.
Have you ever heard of black pudding?
Just recently.
You know what it is, don't you?
It's English sausage.
It's black.
You know what it is?
It looks worse like that.
Tell the audience, you tell them not me, it's an English sausage and what's in it?
It's blood.
Pig's blood.
Dried pig's blood.
That's right.
It's black.
They're trying so hard to grow some potatoes in there.
Are they even succeeding?
Do you think that would sell in America?
No, it won't.
As long as you don't tell anybody what's in it.
If a customer ever asks, can I come in and see how Alan Parrish...
Is that sausage too?
Would you let him?
If they really want to see, yeah, but maybe it's better they don't see it.
But nobody has ever asked?
No.
Your family sees it?
You got your family working there in the West?
Yeah, yeah, family working there.
How much did you charge for a pound of sausage?
About five, nine.
This is a dramatic recreation of me when I think about how much money I owe that gorilla.
That's what it looks like because I've been shitting my pants out of the stress.
Thank you very much for opening up your sausage factory to us.
This is fun.
This is really fun.
Jesus Christ.
You allowed to get any ideas?
Maybe that's what his looks like.
Maybe it's that long, but it's also that wet and limp and uncooked and disease prone.
You've had pig blood in a soup and it isn't terrible.
I mean, don't...
Blood is in so much of what we eat.
So my question is why are we so against it in a soup?
If we're... I mean, we don't...
Bawk when the pork's a little bloody.
We don't?
No, I mean, you know, there's blood all over it.
Blood runs through the muscles of the creatures we devour.
We're carnivores.
And now we're going to be skittish about a little bit of blood in our puddings and our...
in our soups.
Oh, why?
Here is my son.
He's just recovering from...
surgery.
Jesus Christ.
Is this hell?
I've always wondered, but now it's feeling more like it than I'm comfortable with.
Well, we don't get to choose our afterlife, do we?
No, it's God Almighty who judges us.
So, take solace in there.
What are you saying?
Sausage is fun.
Let's learn a little bit more about it.
Can I full-screen this?
Okay, I don't think I can.
So this is sort of just Instagram, but, you know, here we go.
With this, just kind of get 16th of an inch down.
This will add some nice texture.
Helps get the extra crispy little edges and nooks and crannies.
I like to roll them around.
That way they kind of come out halfway even.
Very scientific.
They're starting to open up now.
Look at that.
Oh my God.
Get some cheddar and some Monterey Jack.
Let's go for the big holes here.
The big holes.
And for the whole milk chili.
With the Jimi Deans.
I like a little bit of white onion.
And a little bit of green onion.
Okay.
There you have it.
Gorgeous.
Holy wah.
Sixth sucker.
Okay.
I'm gonna get my hammer on it.
Wow.
You don't have to go too deep with this.
Alright.
That's the kind of all American meal that, um,
we're into now.
The Democratic Party for the record.
That's the sort of big meaty Americana I'd like to put in my mouth.
What?
I'm just saying, um, cool.
That's any previous statements I've made about the American people being too obsessed with meat.
I was kidding.
And that is the stuff that my party likes now.
And that's cool.
Are you supposed to be a politician?
No, I'm just saying, you know, I'm affiliated with the Democratic Party.
And that's our official position right now is that we enjoy a good over-the-top meaty snack
and a good old slice of Americana as much as the next other party.
Jesus Christ.
Is this how he always is?
Uh, look, we're getting off on the wrong foot here because I think we're having a good time.
If we'll let ourselves, let's learn how to be a baddie mom.
How to be a baddie?
Uh, somebody called my wife because Arnie managed this, uh, brilliant feat,
but I'd love to learn how she does it.
So let's learn how to be a baddie mom.
Baddie, you have to wear black lipstick or lip gloss or red lipstick.
Be a baddie, you have to wear full black and your closet has to be all black.
You have to smell good, so put on perfume.
If you don't have LED lights in your room or a ring light, then sorry, you're not going to be a baddie.
Always do this.
I picked up on that.
Always growl and always a muah.
Okay, um, Dylan, thank you for the raid.
I'm crumb.
I'm excited to see everyone.
That's how you welcome crumb.
What the hell?
Look, I thank you, Dylan, for the raid.
It's a pleasure to meet everyone.
We're learning how to do things with me.
Crumb.
Jesus Christ.
It's a how to segment.
I'm, this is how it's done.
I'm the ghost of a different guy's dad.
I'm trapped in wood and we're watching videos on how to do things.
That's supposed to be better.
I just nailed it.
I nailed saying hi to everyone.
I'm Jeb's dad and I'm in the wood.
This isn't my son.
This is a pretender.
That's equally, everything you said was equally confusing.
I'm Leonard Crimfusius-Crum and this is how to with Jeb Noggett.
Jesus Christ.
Can we just watch another video?
Well, Dylan, I hope you had a great stream.
How about that?
And let's learn how to sex a hamster.
I can't, I can't, we can't learn that.
You don't want to learn how to sex a hamster?
What?
What does that even mean?
Thanks, Crumb Great Stream.
Well, thank you, Dylan.
It's nice to get a little positive affirmation for once around here.
Everybody's got me in there.
Everybody's got me locked in their gun sites for some reason.
I'm barbs and cool, she's at me.
And as punishment, we're going to learn Tantric Yoga for Lovers.
Because everybody always says, Crumb, stop telling me about the Tantric sexual yoga you do.
And I say, I'm just trying to 10x your love life.
But I'm the bad guy.
Well, today I'm willing to be the bad guy for you guys to learn a valuable lesson.
So here's Tantric Yoga for Lovers.
Here we go.
All right?
I know this is about sex, but it's not all about sex.
It's also about mental health.
And this isn't great for your mental health.
What they're doing right here.
Yes, excellent form.
I clicked on a good video.
Okay, yep.
See, no penning.
And if you're wondering, well, normally I'd be doing this without clothes on.
You can leave the clothes on.
Because it's about a more of a spiritual connection combined with a physical connection.
And they're showing that beautifully here.
Yep, this is another classic move.
And she's not leading with her mouth.
She's leading with her mind.
If you think about it, that's why her head.
People talk about giving head, but they're not using their actual head.
Okay?
Sex is about more than penetration.
It's a mental stimulation as much as anything else.
Sometimes me and my wife do this while completing a crossword puzzle.
You know, she'll be holding the crossword against her female complete couple.
He still didn't call her the next day.
Well, he's not really practicing it.
Yeah, Dylan, you're going to want to stay for this.
This is very informative.
You don't need words sometimes to learn.
Beautiful ending.
DVDs, workshops, vacations, and titles.
Ecstaticliving.com.
So glad that Ecstaticliving.com is getting a shout out.
That was from 2006.
I'm assuming they're still active because they're still an active part of my life.
The lessons they taught me.
And I hope they can stay an active part of yours.
Well, that was incredible.
It's just what a great show.
It's so nice not to have someone badgering me in the ear every five seconds about how awful I am.
That's all that I did.
I was doing that the whole time.
Yeah, but you're a specter. You're a spirit. You're not a person.
So it feels different.
It's more soothing when it's coming from a ghoul.
How is that more soothing?
Believe me, it is.
If I could go host a debate show with the disembodied spirit of a strange man's father as opposed to Crumb,
I would do it.
So I'm just saying, let's do this again.
Let's have me do this every time until Jeb's jawline recovers.
We'll try someone else next time.
I'm not trying to be an ableist.
I'm trying to enable you to learn stuff.
Because I know the other guy says you're never too old to learn new trick.
Well, let's be realistic. Sometimes you're too old to do certain things.
But if you respect the limitations of your age and work within your limitations,
you can always improve.
How's that for an outro?
Somehow worse, Crumb.
Somehow it's worse than what my son says.
Okay, well, that's a note and I've taken it.
And we'll see you soon.
What's up, man? How you doing?
What are we doing here today, man? What are we doing?
How's everybody doing out there, man? What's up?
My name's Kyle.
Kyle?
What?
It's your boy Kyle.
What?
Um, nothing.
Okay.
Well, hey Kyle.
What's up, man? How we doing?
Good.
Do you want to do some news?
Love to, dude.
Love to do that.
The fuckboy energy is palpable?
Nice palpable?
Whoa, okay.
We're having a little fun today.
We're having a little fun at my expense.
That's fine, man.
That's Jill.
You look like you smell like an old van.
What?
Look, I should give you guys a little bit of a heads up.
Sometimes I have trouble expressing joy in my eyes.
But just know it's a joy to be here, man.
Very chill, very cool.
Tantric Yoga for lovers.
Kyle, it's nice to meet you.
Because we've never met.
Hey, man.
Maybe in another life, man.
No, my first time meeting you.
Pleasure to be here.
Not a big news guy myself.
So this is a new journey for me.
And I can't wait to be a fixture of this stream.
All of you are temporary.
Well, if you are only here until my other correspondence reply to the email I sent them, letting them know that the government can't fire them because they work for me technically.
Whoa, man, that sounds stressful and stuff, but...
Take it from Kyle, man.
You just got to roll with the punches.
The doctor said that clinically, this section of my face, clinically dead.
Oh, wow.
I'm sorry to hear that, Kyle.
I'll live with him, man.
Dead eye syndrome.
Look it up.
And then ignore the fact that they claim it's not a real medical thing.
What?
I'm just saying I have it.
Okay, Kyle.
Okay.
Yeah, man.
Very chill.
Cool.
What did you want to talk about?
I don't know.
How are you guys doing?
What's up, man?
How are we doing?
I'm fine, man.
What...
Do you have a story you wanted to cover?
I'm good.
You got any girls you know, man?
You want to call some girls?
Just to see if they want to chill.
No expectations.
Let's call some chicks, man.
Do you know any?
Just say it.
If you know any, let's call them over, man.
Yeah.
This place is cool.
This is nice, man.
It's big in here.
We're doing it big in here, man.
All right, let's just talk about something that the chat shared.
Then, if you don't have anything...
All right, if you've got to talk about something...
You hear Kid Rock might have broken up his wife?
Fuck, man, that sucks.
I didn't hear about that.
Anyway, that's something, man.
Kid Rock might have broken up his wife.
Let's just do some quick...
Can we just do like quick news?
Okay.
All right, let's see.
Look at this lion, dude.
You hear about this?
You can just allow ads before you show it.
Before you show whatever the story is.
Check this shit out, man.
It's fucking lying.
You got to accept it.
Technicolor to file for administration in the UK
and begins receivership process in France
with iconic film company on the brink.
Damn, man, that's crazy.
What does any of that mean?
I don't know.
Look at this.
Look how stressed out Mufasa is.
Look how stressed we made Mufasa on this shit.
That's crazy, dude.
We got to relax, man.
What's the story about...
I don't know, dude.
You call those chicks yet?
Jesus.
Any other news?
You did not do a good job there.
Oops, hey, man.
You know, we improve every day.
We try our best, but sometimes we fall short.
You got to be mad enough to admit that, dude.
Maybe admit it to a couple chicks
that we call over here right now.
No, there's no time.
Well, you got to prioritize your time.
The Trump admin demands an investigation
and the lesbian judge who humiliated their lawyers in court.
I'd pay to see that.
Sick.
I think they mean illegally.
I bet.
This is the worst segment I've ever done.
No, it's not.
Okay, true, but still.
Anyway, that's what's going on there.
They don't like lesbians.
It sucks.
It's fucking crazy not to like them,
because there's not even a dude involved.
It's just twice the chick, you know what I mean?
Jesus Christ, Kyle.
There's other reasons to support the LGBTQ community
other than, I don't know,
a 90s attitude towards lesbian sex.
The 90s are back, dude.
It's fucking in right now.
Okay.
Elon Musk can't stop talking about penises.
Did you hear about this?
Yeah, didn't we already talk about that?
He's been posting quotas of himself.
He had the most fun time to make penis jokes.
He briefly changed his displaying name to Harry Balls.
Okay, he's funny.
He's funny.
All right, Kyle.
Any other news you want to really rapid fire here?
As you do it quickly?
I mean, yeah, man.
You hear about fabric and craft retailer Joann
go out of business and close all the stores?
I'd love to spin that as a positive, dude,
but that sucks. Joann's a nice lady.
And it fucking sucks to hear about that, man.
It's not green face, at least.
Should I paint my face green out of solidarity
with Joann fabrics?
Because that's the color of their logo.
And I wish, I want Joann to succeed.
It's fucked up, man.
Well, honestly, we got to chill, dude.
This is getting stressful.
It's fine.
We could talk about some stuff that rocks.
You're the one going through the news, I think.
Stephen King confirms he's writing for Mike Flanagan's
Dark Tower adaptation.
It's happening.
Look, I've never read a book,
but even I have heard about Stephen King.
So I'm excited.
You've never read a book?
I don't know how long I've had time, man.
I've read tweets from Stephen King.
He's a little political for my taste,
but he seems like a chill dude.
And I'm excited for him to write about buildings or whatever.
It fucking suck news that's bad.
That's ass?
What?
This is the ass news that sucks,
and I hate to report this to all of y'all, but...
Island Boy Rapper was in a car that blew up
a stop sign in Florida,
and the cops found something.
That's the headline?
The cops found...
I was rooting for my boys,
but the cops found something, man.
It sucks that they had to go down like that,
but...
One half the Island Boys got himself into some legal trouble.
The newspaper, that, that, wherever the fuck he is reports
that he was arrested.
Esper Police report...
You got pulled over in a yellow Corvette.
Fucking sick, obviously. Good choice.
If you failed to make a complete stop at an intersection,
and they're always on you for some shit like that.
And he tried to be like,
Bro, come on, man.
A stop sign's more like a stop question,
mark, in my opinion,
especially when the roads are as chill as this.
But cops don't always fucking listen,
even when you're speaking straight facts at them.
And that's what happened to my boy Island?
His name is an Island.
Yeah, he's my boy Island.
That's who they are, dude.
It's their fucking lifestyle.
They've got an Island, not the lifestyle.
They're Island Boys. They're Boy Island.
Anyway, they uncovered a handbag with a Glock in it.
And, you know, I don't like it,
but sometimes you gotta stay fucking strapped.
That's the tile of the code.
And he was placing handcuffs.
Just for fucking blowing up a stop sign.
Shit.
What did he do?
Quit skipping around the story if you want to know what he did.
He's in a car that blew a stop sign.
That just means he didn't come to a complete stop?
Yeah, I think that's what that means.
I thought he fucking...
I thought he either blew it up
or he fucking sucked off a stop sign.
And I was like, what does that even mean?
That does make more sense.
Anyway, he tested positive for OxyCoda,
which I think they didn't even do the test.
I think they just looked at him.
That unfortunately is legally admissible
when you look like this.
They just know that you're on it.
And it does hold up in court.
I live in proof.
I had to go through about 12 years of face tattoo removal
just because I kept getting pulled over
for being on Oxy's.
I still am, obviously, but...
No, I can't be proven,
because I look so normal.
I used to be...
I used to have full fucking...
I used to be like post-malone
or like even more post-malone.
Jesus Christ, Kyle.
You can stay on the Oxy's, man.
What do you fucking mean, dude?
I'm feeling pumped to be here to just chill.
Lester Holt's dead.
He fucking died,
and now they've taken the whole night away from him.
No, he's...
Stepping down is the nightly news...
host.
He's not dead.
Oh, thank God, dude.
He's a chill guy.
I like the way that he's like...
Oh, I'm Lester Holt.
That's so fucking funny.
He's alive.
Well, but in a sense,
his spirit has been sacrificed
at the altar of progress,
because sometimes they're just like...
You don't read the news fast enough.
They gotta bring in the young guns like me.
I'm 46.
You're 46?
I'd have a lot of work done on my face.
Because of all the stop signs I ran into.
Because I was high on Oxy's.
Anyway, they...
I think I came out looking younger, actually.
So I relate to an old...
I relate to an old head like this.
Losing their job, man.
I've lost a lot myself.
You're gonna land on your feet.
Um...
There's always a gas station that's hiring, man.
Take it from me.
If you stop at enough gas stations,
one will find work for you.
And sometimes they'll let you sleep in the back.
Just a pro tip.
Come on, boy, less.
I call them less.
Because less is more, man.
I fucking love that guy.
Have you ever met him?
Not, dude.
But he's my boy.
And finally, um...
Thumbs up emoji case could be going to Supreme Court.
Just to round up the news for the day.
There are two unsuccessful challenges in...
Skechewan.
Courtrooms, agriculture company.
Actor, land and cattle.
LTD.
Are they fucking making up legal names?
That's not real.
What do you mean it's not real?
Fucking way.
Actor, land and cattle.
More like...
Asshole.
Land and cattle.
God, that's so funny my eyes are almost coming back to life.
But it's impossible because they're legally dead.
Okay.
Anyway.
What was the lawsuit over?
You're the one reading the news.
Oh, what are you doing?
I'm just sort of sitting here.
Respect.
Um...
What are they suing over?
What the hell is the thumbs up emoji...
What is the case to go to the Supreme Court of Canada?
You have to show that.
Could a thumbs up emoji be a legally binding signature?
Okay.
I should have read the first sentence.
That is a weird thing to have be a lawsuit, I guess.
If a thumbs up is a legally binding contract.
Fancy you had my back.
You could have read it for me and you fucking didn't, dude.
And that's fine, man.
Like, that's chill.
You seem mad.
No, dude, I'm not.
That is chill, in fact.
Anyway, what was I talking about?
The thumbs up thing.
Dude, is that legally binding?
Because I've sent thumbs up to some crazy shit.
Someone texted me like a picture of a hundred snakes tied together.
Like themselves.
And I thumbs that shit up.
Does that mean I'm gonna like have to buy those now?
Because they were for sale.
I guess ask your friend who sent it to you.
I can't man, he's dead.
Snakes got him, dude.
Snakes fucking got him.
RIP to my boy Slank.
But dude, are the cops gonna make me buy those things now?
Because he texted me like, you want?
I'll thumbs it up.
I meant to just, the thumbs up was more like, obviously that's sick.
Then Slank died and I was like, shit.
No.
Oh, okay.
I was stressed.
I was stressed, man.
So RIP to my boy Slank, RIP to Lester Holt.
RIP to the island boy that blew up on a stop sign?
I don't know, he's alive.
He's just arrested.
Well RIP.
And not everyone's dead.
Well, but we're all headed there, dude.
That's just a fucking dark reality of life, man.
And accept it now, dude.
That's why I say rest in peace to all my friends.
A, they OD a lot.
That sucks.
That's not good.
Dude, you're telling me, but it's also chill.
That's life.
I'm already dead in the eyes, legally.
So I'm halfway there, man.
Highway to hell, more like highway to smell you later.
Ooh, but I'm gonna fall asleep.
Okay.
That's fine.
You can go do that.
That's all the fucking time I have to be awake today.
I'm fucking tired, man.
All right.
See you, dude.
Bye.
That was Kyle.
It really makes you miss, um, even Rick, I guess.
Huge fan of Kyle.
I can't, I don't, I mean, it depends if he wakes up again, if I can get him back.
Okay.
That's probably gonna do it for today.
I think I do need to go feed Kendall.
Okay.
So many scheduling texts.
Bye.
Yeah.
Bless up to Kyle.
We'll see if he survives to another day.
We'll see, we'll see how long it takes for our other correspondence to return.
In the meantime, I mean, don't worry.
We got all sorts of stuff like this guy.
I mean, that's the thing we, we got, we got this guy.
We have, um, who else do we even have?
Oh yeah, we got Clementine Vern again.
Yeah, I'm back if you want me to be.
Nah, I'm good actually.
Um, oh, did we get a request for the streets?
No, we didn't.
I do think I actually have to go otherwise I totally would.
Glad to see I'm back fitting.
Thank you, Subrichi.
The master mod.
Um, I thought it might have been quietly sunsetted like the Chicago, sorry, like CTDS and
Colcast.
I don't know if Colcast has been sunsetted, but, um, we certainly haven't done it in
a bit.
So we'll find out.
I guess I could always just start doing a calling show if I'm streaming anyway.
But no, I'm still playing a stream Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
I was actually sick, surprisingly.
Usually just a fun excuse.
Um, to get away with not doing things, but last week I was sick.
Call case, very similar amount of syllables at least.
It's been three months.
Yeah.
It has indeed.
Well, just wait for cast to get fired.
Then it'll be like, well now I need to talk to someone.
You know, I'll text cast.
I'll see if, um, if he's too busy, if he cares if I do a call and show
myself seeing as I have the technology, I have the assets.
I do have a lot of cast some specific pre-show material, but I guess I
could make stuff for me.
Um, and then maybe we do a call and show with me and my new incredible
cast of characters.
Yeah, like me without the beard and glasses.
Demetri, no, I think you're done for.
What?
Only one episode they get.
Hey, you know, I might have you back.
I'll do it with scrum.
No, I refuse.
Okay.
Chat.
I'll fucking talk to basically anyone.
I was mostly talking.
I've been talking the whole time, even though it wasn't on the
stream today, confusingly.
I didn't stop talking the whole time.
I was off screen just saying, you know, I've been just sort of
talking about voice, just shouting at shit.
So I will do a call in show.
Create a cast character.
Yeah, should I just use this guy?
Hey, it's me, Cassum.
Why do you come to this con?
Is it to wear fucking hot clothes?
You bitch.
Jesus.
That's not a good cast impression.
That's me.
Call cat.
I'm Cassum G.
No, I don't think that's going to work.
It's Elon's penis.
Yeah, I'll admit it.
I'm not, I'm not Cassum.
Unfortunately, I got Elon's penis on my face and Elon got my
nose on where his dick is.
That's what happened.
That's what happened.
I was in for a nose improvement surgery and he went in
for penis improvement surgery.
The doctor got confused and instead he just swapped him.
But anyway, this thing can't get hard.
So I guess that was an issue we already had.
Okay, well, look at this exciting new cast of characters we have
all over this stream.
It's so good to be back.
Providing you with this high quality content.
Absolutely.
High quality content from me.
Hey, some G.
No, that's not, that doesn't work for me.
Okay.
The degree of movement is a little intense.
Why is this thing still available?
What do you mean?
This is a classic one.
This one comes pre-packaged.
No download necessary.
Next stream, we're going to be out.
We're going to have tons of energy and all of your new
favorite characters will be back to do whatever they were
doing.
Let's raid Ricky Peacock.
He's on.
The Ricky Peacock is on.
And then we'll get out of here for the day.
Someday we'll have Papito again.
And then the show will be back on its feet.
Until then, we're just going to do our best with
characters like this one.
Yeah, everybody likes me already.
He does have a good raid song.
Ricky Peacock with possibly the best raid song.
You all have a great night as well.
Thanks for hanging out.
Hopefully I will get these Snapchat snafus resolved within
a month or so.
Until then, what a great time to experiment with totally
different bold new characters.
Yeah.
Yep, exactly.
Any closing thoughts, producer?
Okay.
Great.
Just as good as Papito.
Snapchat snafu.
Yeah.
It just comes to me naturally.
It's all that time spent writing.
Great.
Thanks for hanging out, everybody.
Say hi to Ricky for me.
We'll see you all soon.
It should be back on Wednesday before the Patreon stream.
Probably around three or four.
And have a great day.