I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I got all the bitch's beggin'
Kissin' in the streets with the camel on the beast
Some that leg humpin' millionaire call me corky John
All food come free, corky long con
Who I'm the shit? Tia Elizabeth II
I'm that fluffy boy bad biscuit I'm a tannin' shooter
Corks Oker CBS 2000 that's what's up
Alright, here we go
Can you auto tune me please?
I wanna listen to the music
Can you right? This is better. There we go. Yes!
Uh huh. Oh no where's my lyrics? Get me my fucking lyrics I need them.
Come on, come on, here we go
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Hoo hoo hoo hoo
Yes, yes, you don't need no flashy rings
Or gold bats bling bling
In sports cars that zoom they never last
But there's a man with a voice so smooth
He'll lift you to new heights, that's true
He'll make you feel like you're sitting on a throne
In his arms you'll never feel alone
That's a fact, I'm getting fucked like everybody
Where's the chorus? I'm assuming I'm no one
I'm here
Oh, selling for less honey
Put your love to a guest
Let him express how he feels
Then you'll know how love is real, okay
Roses might touch your heart
But just got the real arts
Silky tones that ignite your mind
He's romantic even off the airways
With him no one misbehaves
No, not even my kids
Don't take us on, you deserve the best
So take a cue, don't settle girl
You'll know just what to do
Girl, you know what to do
Oh, he's not enough
It's never enough for Jeff
I'm using it
Never enough for Jeff, here we go
Don't go settling for less
Put your love to the test
In Ripple there's no guest
Let him express how he feels
Then you'll know your love is real
Missing the love he'll admit it
Trying to move on
But he can't forget
He'll be back on his knees
I will, you bet
What's this try to say?
I don't have time to understand, hold on
With Jeff you'll reach new heights
In his arm you'll see the sights
He'll make you feel like a queen
With his touch you'll never kite
Another trick
No, no, this is the chorus
No, selling for put your love to a guest
Let him express how he feels
Then you'll know your love is real
Oh, everybody
Look at this unique look
There we go
Maybe I should just stream like that the whole time
Gotta do some hair effects real quick too
Oh, yeah
Now I look professional
It was from the stream draining the wall
I assume it does nothing now
Oh, god, those fucking...
I still have those
Um...
Unlocks from that stream available
I thought I'd turn those off, but maybe I didn't
If there's anything that looks like it doesn't do anything
It doesn't
Yeah, I don't even see it
Okay, whatever
There's no time, chat
At least I turned off whatever was constantly causing those level ups
I hope, I hope we're done with that
Not that I don't want you guys to level up
Oh, make them talk, is that still in there?
How much did I make that cost?
It IS still in there, I'm gonna turn them off
It's dying right now
Right now, damn it
Twitch
Started to deprive you guys
Of a cool effect, but
Okay, okay, okay
Disable this whole group, there we go
Now you won't be tempted to waste your channel points
Speaking of wasting
Things, what a waste
Of an intro, I'm not even wearing a tie
Not even
So unprofessional today, sorry everyone
There we go
Are you even doing the news if this thing isn't on?
The answer is no
Wait a minute, this doesn't work, one second
Let's just wear it like this
The fish tie is banned
It is cruelty to this one fish for sure
I'm gonna replace this with a real fish on a string
Just wear it around my tie
Trying to go for that Aspen gold credibility
I wanna become the master of smells
Okay, we got a thought
Does Papito know the fish tie
Isn't real fish, no
No, he definitely does not
Know that at all?
Yeah I do, I already ate it
I've been eating this tie all the time
And it always tastes like
A delicious bed sheet
If you would stop eating them I wouldn't have to get as many
I'm gonna eat this probably during the stream
That's why I have all those fish ties laid in front of you
Had, I ate them all
And they all taste like a delicious
Sweater
A crunchy sweater
It's kind of like a hard material
Yeah, jerky
Sweater jerky
Well, whatever
It's like, look at it
It's not your average tie guys
This thing's a weapon
A live fish, that would be more exciting
Just flopping around all stream
How is it still alive?
That's very true, Skymer
The reason I'm always eating good in this neighborhood
Is because of this fish tie
It's what brings the
One to two followers a month in
Money
Okay, it's Friday everyone
There's only one sacred duty
Two, wait, two sacred duties
We have to perform today
One, if someone
Requests it, we have no choice but to do a DJC4 song
The other is we gotta play Beyblades
And by that I mean much in chroma
Have to play Beyblades
With 143 points on the line
Oop, Kendall's saying something
ES? Kendall?
Did you say something?
Oh, Kendall
Kendall thinks that I'm responding to an evil mimic
That, yeah
Kendall thinks there's a mimic in our
In the studio
And I'm responding to it
Cause I keep hearing her say things like, hey case
It's a little, it is a little troubling
Yeah, she says it'll be like extremely quiet
Totally silent
It'll be like, what's that?
But I think I'm just crazy
I don't think there's a supernatural being
I think I'm just losing my mind in aging
Or there's a ghost
It's one of those two
A Justin Juice Powers theme
Oh my god
I wonder what, well we'll figure that out
We'll figure out what that means later in the stream
Yeah, exactly, Card King
I'm in this huge studio talking to all of these cool things
Exactly
Your mentally sound
Thanks
Fuckabogic
That could be the name of the song
The Juice Will Be Loose
Okay, so we got a couple big things to do this stream
Justin Juice Powers needs a theme
And if we can't be as lazy as we were with
Gizbo's Insane
Whatever that was
That frankly, DJ C4 didn't even edit in time for that
He's still gotta do that one
He's gotta adjust all the things
To make it work
Blackbeard
I lost it, it was too short
It's back
I lost it
It's back
Blackbeard's
Gayest Blouse
What an incredible name
And thank you so much for the follow
Sometimes Twitch really gifts you
With an incredible name to say out loud
And that's, I almost like that
As much as saying boner salad
Right
Propaganda would know
Okay, well I guess let's
Get into the news
Let's
Talk about all the exciting goings
Going ons in the world
Get it out of the way so we can get to the things
That really matter like playing Beyblades
And singing a song as Justin
Juice Powers
It's news time
It's still over guys
What's going on here
What the hell is going on here guys
Explain yourself
I'm gonna fix this
No tears in my reality
I keep America
Secured
And bound to the laws of physical space case
That's what it means to be a patriot
I'm Rick
Hello
Oh good
It's Rick
Can you just say it nicer
Great, really good to see you Rick
Why is everybody against federal agents lately
What did we ever do
To 95% of you
65
What have we done to like
A solid majority of you
52%
I'd say to 52% of you we're fine
And that's a solid majority
Rick makes you feel safe
That's my job
You're part of the powerful 52
Where are you getting that number from
Uh
Show of hands
I can see everybody's hands
We're tracking everyone's hands
In the entire country
And by show of hands 52% of people
They're on board
Are you really a federal agent
If the government's closed, geek, castig
Great point
Yeah, it's like
AIDS
You have it for life
What
It's what being a federal agent is like
Getting out of this
Can you just use a better analogy
It's like cancer
Can you use one that's not disease
It's like a
A panectomy
Are you here to talk about the ice raids in Chicago
Of course
I'm here to calm everyone down
So far I feel like I'm doing a good job
Do you work for ICE
Well, I think that's all of our jobs to work
With ICE
This is what we voted for
This
I know, I think I specifically voted against it
Yeah, you participated in the voting process
That means all of you voted for this by losing
Whoopsie daisy
I'd love to be on your side, but I'm on the side of the voters actually
Okay, well, let's
What are you trying to talk about, Rick
What's your important
Information
That you have for us today
As I pull up a story for you because you didn't even pull up your own story
You bastard
You're blaming me
For everything
There's a little bit of a raid in Chicago
Apart for the course, come on
We're doing raids all the time
This is a little different, I think
I think ICE is doing a lot of raids all the time
For worse, in my opinion
But uh
This one felt a little different maybe
What, just because there were some American children
And citizens that we
Are
Stormed into the apartments of
With no warrants
Is that that different?
That seems a little different
Agents arrest 13 raid city neighborhoods
As known, well that would be Christie
Visits Chicago area ICE facility
Federal agents reported the arrest of
13 Friday
Protesting near an immigration facility
Outside Chicago that has been frequently targeted
During President Donald Trump's administration
Wait a minute
Oh, that house
So these are probably protests related
To that thing I just mentioned
And that's why I always say
Protesting should be illegal
Because it's dangerous for you guys
Yes, it's in a very, it's in that direction
For sure, Mr. Whoopi-Boo-Boo
Well, you know, directions are always
The winds
The winds of a rages fortune case
If you quote Shakespeare
Which I think I just did
Then it makes it feel better, right
No
As Homeland Security Secretary Christie
Knome met with employees inside the U.S. immigration
Customs enforcement processing facility
In Broadview, uh, and that's a place
Also in Broadview of, I guess, the world
A crowd grew over several hours
Some riled by newly installed barricades
To separate them from law enforcement officers
Stated outside. Knome also accompanied
Agents Friday on a raid near a local
Walmart store and later engaged in a tit-for-tat
Over unannounced visits and even
Bathroom use within the Broadview Mayor
Sorry, with the Broadview Mayor
Uh, immigrants' rights advocates and residents
Separately reported that federal agents had used
Tier gas near grocery or hardware stores
They had targeted
Foreign forcemen elsewhere in Chicago on Friday
And detained a city council member
As she questioned the attempted arrest of a man
The federal government has restricted
Airspace over Broadview
Officials said Friday that Government J.B. Pricksburg
Called for an investigation into an immigration raid
On the city's south side Tuesday morning
And that might be the one
That everybody's
They're all kind of, you know, they're talking about it
But it's an attention-based economy, so
We're scoring big points right now
With all the attention that we're getting
For all those raids we did without
warrants on American citizens
Should we look at some video?
Let's see what the AP's got for us
I think the thing that has changed this protest
Specifically today is the inclusion of the state police, frankly
It's the first time that we've seen a police
Officer in a police car
And it's the first time that we've seen a police car
And it's the police, frankly
It's the first time they've been out here
And they've specifically
Separated protestors
The thin gray line
And as the day went on
We progressively pushed, not just by ICE
But also by Broadview Police Department
We've done these things peacefully
We have done our due diligence to make sure
That we are in accordance with the laws
It's done on the roof right now
Aiming at protesters, one-sided violence
One-sided escalation
That began with mass-synchronization
Jeez, what are they doing in the background?
Helicopters everywhere, I guess
It's an American issue
This has been happening for our entire history
And people need to realize
That it's not just about fighting against Trump
It's fighting for a more humane immigration system
That we all deserve
I know it's always not the most
Impactful
vibe when you see people banging on
buckets
Playing music, but hey
They're out there at least
I would rather have people
In the streets protesting than not
And
While, you know
Protest don't always lead to immediate action
They do have an effect, so
I'm certainly not gonna knock anyone
For hitting the streets under whatever capacity
They feel like doing
I would just say
Protestings is better than just
You know, picking our bellybutton
at home. Wasn't syphilis riddle
A harry potter character?
Yes, card kinks
A bit of a non sequitur, but
I'm pretty sure that, yeah.
100% syphilis riddle was the villain of the 6th book
Exactly
It's a bit more when they're
Wearing gas masks while banging the drums
Yeah, I mean I have not
Kept up with the
Protest in Chicago particularly well
They are happening in response to the initial raid
Which I think we should
At least give you guys
A little of the context for
That story was more in
Response to
In response to
The raids that have been happening
Over the last several days at this point
And we will be going amongst the web as well
But there were a couple details
To these
Raids that
Were particularly atrocious
So we may as well
Talk about it, I guess
That's fine
I can read this stuff without it sounding bad
For the government
Great
No problem
Hmm
Federal agents repelled from blackhawk helicopters
Dozens of others their faces hidden behind
Masks arriving and moving trucks
In total, 300 officers stormed
department building that the Department of Homeland Security officials said
harbored criminals. An agency spokesperson said the raid in the early hours of
September 30th was aimed at capturing members of Trende Iragua. And that gang
is just... it's crazy. They're everywhere. They're on boats, you know, in Florida,
they're in every state, they're in every apartment building that we raid. They're
just... oh, I can't believe how... you know, prolific they are. It's almost like
whatever happens Trende Iragua was there. Yeah, that's just how expansive the
organization is. Anything bad that happens or necessary, as I like to say, they were
there. Thanks for clearing that up, Rick. Yeah, I cleared it right up. Trende
Iragua, Venezuelan gang president. Sorry. Trende Iragua, a Venezuelan gang
president Trump has designated as a terrorist organization. You're trying to
say President Trump's the president of Trende Iragua? We're also doing a debate
today. What kind of demon is Cristino? Crump's timeline in hell should help him.
You should come on. You think just because... everybody's so focused on her
appearance. They think she's some kind of monster. But I think that's honestly
pretty mean. I'm gonna go and let him say, being in front of this woman's face is
pretty mean. And this is a very low-res photo you pulled up case. She does not
look that. What's even going on there? What would Trump's gang be named? Wrong
answers only. The Lemon Party. Whites only. That might be the right answer.
The best kids club commandos. And come. I feel like kind of some Trump's gang
would be named Whites only. But it would have like a black second in
command. It means like white shirts. Like white hats only. We're a bunch of
cowboys. Well when you put it like that, yeah. Obviously that sounds really
cool. Well we'll see what wins. It would just be Trump. That's way more accurate.
I started one of the greatest gangs of all time. It's called Trump. It's big.
And it's violent. The most violent gang we've ever had. He lives nothing more than
his name. He's truly living the name. The name is very important to him. Yes, it's
just hard to pick a wrong answer. The more ridiculous of a thing you pick, the
more likely it is to be reality. That's kind of par for the course lately. So
whoops. It's actually GOP. That is the gang that we already have. And the gang
runs deep. G O P P. Am I doing it? Keep trying until your hands get used to the
shape. No, they could get stuck like that. And then I can't open any of my, I can't
open a soda. My delicious cherry wine soda. You drink cherry wine? Drink of the
south. A Venezuelan gang, President Donald Trump's designated as a terrorist
organization is Trende Aragua. Back to the story, please. Hundreds of agents
swarm departments in the multi-story building, detaining several American
citizens, including children for hours and netting 37 total arrests. See? Progress.
Every arrest is another chunk. I'll just say that to be careful. Out of the
armor of Trende Aragua. Oh, we've confirmed all 37 of those arrests were
lawful and for a valid reason. Well, they happened. So yeah, if it happens, it's
confirmed. The extraordinary raid came nearly a month into the White House's
immigration enforcement crackdown in the Chicago area known as Operation
Midway Blitz. Oh, they did the airport too. God, every name of any kind of
military and or just federal operations. I was so embarrassing. Operation
Twizzler noon. You can't talk about that. That's classified. Chicago area.
Anyway, federal officials said it has netted more than 800 arrests since
September 8th. We're trying to get that up to about 20% of the
population by the end of the year. Our continued targeted enforcement in
Chicago shows criminals have nowhere to hide. Michael Banks, the chief of
US Border Patrol said in an ex post, not at the border, not in our cities,
not in their properties. No law will hold us back from observing the law.
You can't stop the law with your precious laws. So who laws the law men?
The law men do. That's the answer. Are they going to make comedy legal again
in Chicago? It's suspended right now. It's actually been suspended since
case moved there. That's why it stopped for a good 20 years. And you've been
gone, but they haven't recovered yet. Case you ready to take responsibility for
that? It's on them now. I've been gone for five years. So the scourge of my
reign there is over at this point. They should be recovered. No
constitutional side. They've got the constitution to go a fur years
with this kind of behavior. And that's the only constitution they
need. And they're defending the constitution for the record from
the Constitution. The Trump administration has vowed to flood
cities run by Democrats with federal agents as part of a nationwide
immigration crackdown. Federal agents have targeted so-called
sanctuary jurisdictions that limit cooperation with federal
immigration enforcement. And also a couple kids might have gotten
yanked out of bed, naked maybe, and then forced to sit in the
hallway or in the street. Allegedly. It now is being
reported by multiple agencies. Allegedly reported by and
confirmed by several major media organizations that they forced
new children into hallways that are also legal American citizens.
Allegedly. Trump loves those. Yeah, Trump loves kids. He would
never do that. End of sentence. Pretty bad. Pretty insane.
Again, all they have to say is trend aeroquids. What they
said when they, what they say when they keep blowing all of
these Venezuelan boats out of the water. And now they're just
saying it to raid the houses of low income, well, apartments and
or houses of low income families in Chicago. And you know, make
no mistake, that is why they are targeting these areas because
they don't have like the resources to mount a speedy
legal defense. And these areas, unfortunately, are largely
disregarded by by big sections of the Chicago government apparatus
as it is. So it's truly horrific shit. And, you know, I always
say like, well, I'm not surprised. This one's a bit
surprising. I mean, I guess you could kind of predict this sort
of this is where this sort of thing was headed, but it doesn't
make it any less awful to see it happening. They were doing
raids in River North. That's not cheap. No, but I mean,
like yanking all these kids out of their beds and like breaking
down the doors of just apartments where American citizens are
living. It will expand. I'm not saying it's gonna stop here.
And it already is. But I do think they're going to target
low income communities first. Also what part of River North?
Yeah, it'll creep exactly be Grendel.
Well, if you think of it as creeping, you could also say
it's spreading or like a like a fungus, it's growing. Is that
no, it's like, it's like a cake endlessly expanding under the
heat of an infinite oven. I'm going to find the right way to
describe this. It's like cloudy with a chance of meatballs. But
what it's raining is a bunch of white guys that saw an ad for a
job that pays $100,000 a year. Yeah, exactly love the hate.
It's like that damn poem people love to write fully quote.
First they came for God. That poem always makes me think of
the guy that's like, well, you were out playing Minecraft. I
trained with the blade. That's the poem that I quote all
the time. This administration forcing us to fund a genocide
and the invasion of our own cities. Well, the last
administration also did the first part too. But yes, this
one is rapidly expanding the police state at home as well.
You know, our support of Israel is problematic for
incredibly obvious reasons. But another issue with it is
some of the policies over there and their treatment of
segments of the population could be seen as a model for a
thing that a lot of people in the United States would like to
do to citizens at home, just ones that they don't like the
beliefs of, or if they belong to a group that they feel like
they can sacrifice on the chopping block. There's
definitely forces in the United States. One of them is
Stephen Miller, Trump's like literal first in command, would
literally love to turn America into a Christian apartheid
state. So it's bad. It is bad. And I would encourage you, if
you agree that this is insane to take any action protesting
peaceful action is what I would recommend obviously. But
anything you feel like doing, give it a shot. It's better
than doing nothing. It's shameful Stephen Miller is Jewish.
I didn't even know he was Jewish. I didn't know that.
Is he? I thought he was a Christian nationalist. I don't
keep up with people's religions very well though. He's Eastern
European Antis ancestry. Oh, he's Jewish. That's wild. I was
just assumed he was a Christian nationalist. I didn't know
that live in Sleaze. You've mentioned that before. I just
associate him with like a Christian nationalist agenda.
But maybe maybe that's a mistake on my part. Maybe it's a
broader whatever evangelical project that includes includes
Jewish people. I'm not sure. You can be Jewish out of
Christian. Yeah, I just I guess I just associated him
specifically with like American like evangelical Christian
nationalism. I try to unsubscribe from all this tech giants BS
programming. It's a start. Which which ones which tech
giants BS programming. Maybe I should just describe him as a
nationalist but Jews for Jesus JJ. I think it's a power grab
under the guise of whatever. Yeah, I mean, I don't think the
people at the absolute peak of this administration care that
much about Donald Trump doesn't give a fuck about being a
Christian nation. It's just a expedient slice of the
demographic pie for him to wield authority over. Yeah, maybe
I should describe him as a white nationalist. Evangelicals
have partnered with far right Jews. Yeah, I mean, for sure.
Some red heifers, you know, need to do their thing over in
Israel, right? Peter teal has no religion, but he really likes
the anti Christ. And I think he does describe himself as
Catholic. From the clips of his various interviews where
he's saying he's not the anti Christ of these. I've
gleaned that a little bit of information from for years,
they were the ones funding the West Bank development.
Evangelicals, I think they still are pretty heavily
invested.
Teal likes Twinks.
I mean, now teal is openly gay, I'm pretty sure, but back in
the day, he was willing to like destroy entire public
publications like Gawker over just the hint of him being
of his sex life being made public. So it's a pretty
cool. It's a pretty cool arc we're on. This arc that
we're on as a nation, the arc of this particular
American manga is not my favorite. Oh, come on, we're
getting out of the
burgeoning nationalism arc and we're getting into the
full on police state arc. You're not excited to see what
happens in the full on police state arc. Maybe we go
with a different arc. Nope, already locked in. The
animators that draw reality. It's too much work to
redo it.
Saying you're a Catholic without practicing is like
saying you like hamburgers and only eat at McDonald's.
Yeah, it's funny how many people are like fairly
tied to saying they're a certain religion and aren't
particularly observant. I don't have that problem
because I just don't observe any religion at all.
As the godless heathen that I am. Ultimately, you
just want to support genocide and want the shortest
route to it.
Yeah, I mean, genocidal action is usually a means to
enforce control. There's definitely some pure
status out there that are just in it for the
genocide of it all. But most of these people
just want to solidify their positions for as long
as possible and will take any ruthless action just
to even feel 2% more secure in their power grab.
And that's pretty much Trump's whole career and
a lot of other people's more power and money along
with blood.
Yeah.
Yes, yes, yes. Year one, baby.
Year one.
Three more years, three more years.
Plus.
Okay, Rick.
Anyway, let's look at some other protest footage
before we get out of here.
Because you all are all like the power or whatever.
Well, this is what that looks like.
Well, we do know at least five protesters have been
detained by law enforcement officials here this
morning for really not obeying some of the
signals who stay off the street here or getting
too close to these federal agents. I want to show
you what's developed here in the last 30 minutes
behind us. They are adding even more security to
this back entrance of the broad view facility. We
know the other side has already been gated on.
You need that many cops for the few people milling
around. So dangerous.
Trying to block vehicles coming in and out of this
facility, but there's about three times as many
law enforcement officers out here from state, local
and federal officers. And they have added these
barricades here just in the last 30 minutes. And
you see those riot guards right in front of them
with riot gear on them. That is all a part of a
unified task force that we have seen for the
first time here today, made up of local and
state resources. Now we have seen the crowd
diminish here in the last couple hours. It's
gotten much smaller than a couple hundred people
we saw here early this morning. Now the
interesting part with all this is the dynamic
between Secretary Kristi Noem showing up here
today. We have not actually seen her on the
ground yet. We do know that she showed up to
the village of broad views offices today looking
to have a conversation with the broad view
mayor. That is when the broad view mayor was
not there at the time. So then we were told
by the village that the mayor came here to
the facility to meet with the DHS secretary,
but they were told that the DHS secretary is
not available. So a little bit of a back and
forth still going on between local officials
here in broad view in Illinois dealing with
the federal agents and organizations. So
things have remained calm since all those
five arrests happened today. Three cops for
every protester in the sluttice.
Now just to see more resources and safety
barricades added just in case things
escalate once again. So mayor let me ask
you about the ICE agents that raided this
apartment building in Chicago overnight.
What more do you know? What can you tell us?
Well we do know that 37 people were
arrested in that overnight raid. That was
in a south side neighborhood in Chicago.
Federal officials tell us that those
arrests had to do with a gang, trendy
Aragwa members specifically. But we heard
from many residents that this happened
overnight about three o'clock in the
morning that those federal agents just
took in everyone from those buildings in
that apartment and then they kind of
just ask questions later and release
I love this shot.
Needed so that certainly caught a lot of
people off guard and really that's the
message of these protesters here right
now. Everyone is aware of these federal
operations happening in Chicago.
Barricades. But they just want one
thunk in the middle of the street.
Officials here nearby want to get into
this ICE facility. They want to get
more transparency on those operations
and raids that we have seen in the
last few days happening in
neighborhoods all across the
Chicago land area. Jesus these fucking
losers. Kristi Noem needs a million
three foot barricades to feel safe.
No one can come down this street.
Not when I'm here.
You miss trash time?
Well now trash time is all over the
nation.
We've gone full trash nation.
So trash time is all the time.
No need to miss it. Don't worry.
Great, great, great.
That was jizbo in his construction
gear. Well we can't fault jizbo
for doing his job.
Jizbo is just following orders and
that defense works specifically for
him.
I love the car coming up.
Barricades.
I just love that guy no selling this
truck.
Moving. I mean I guess that's just how
you move heavy barricades but
it's all for just a protest that is
already dispersed. I guess they're
setting up maybe for the next day.
But do you really need the three
foot barricades in addition to the
line of 45 state and local law
officials
and ICE agents and all the rest?
Yes.
We can't spare any expense for the
security of
of the people sorry of the people.
Oh that's to keep the people secure?
All this is just to keep you guys
secure.
And look how many of you even live in
one of the big cities that we hate
now?
Because we'll all be yeah we hate
Chicago, we hate LA, we hate Seattle,
we hate DC where the president is, we
hate
even like Richmond is on the list now
actually
New Jersey is a little too big for our
taste.
Kansas City honestly a little too big.
We just need to disperse the nation.
No New York obviously.
Obviously. Even Memphis honestly that
music scene needs to calm down.
Austin. Austin's all right. Austin's
the one city we like actually. Oh Austin?
Yeah Austin fixed itself.
Like nature was healing over COVID you
know.
Austin healed over COVID. Is Rennerton
safe? Rennerton's in a legal limbo as
far as its
nation of residence so for now. Is it
just because it's full of zombies? No
we're fine with that.
That's kind of we're trying to get
there actually.
If anything Rennerton is a model for
what we're looking for. A near-dead
brainless population scrumming around
our toxic waste but still
purchasing. Those zombies still buy.
Oh okay. Rennerton truly is never safe.
Okay great comedy clubs.
The mother of all comedy clubs. Well
that's uh that's our Friday news
that's what's going on. The ice keep
spreading. Ice road fuckers what can
you do? I hope there was a huge uh I
hope there was a huge crackdown on
those cremton degenerates. We can only
dream. The one city we're allowed to
hate on this dream. That's true even I'm
done. I'm hating on cremton. Let's uh
send it out of here for now we have
several segments to get through today
we're fully loaded with stuff to do
so why don't we get to the webs
actually. It's time to go amongst them.
I'm back. Oh what took me a little bit to
reconstitute myself but you can't keep a
good peter down out of the wall and
back into your hearts. I saw you explode
into a goo blood. I'm a wall. I'm a wall
of fortitude as a person and if you
break a wall you can rebuild it. I still
don't believe you have magic powers. I
never claimed to out here but in the
wall you're just a peter griffin knock
off you shouldn't have magic powers
oh I am my own man okay my name is
pretty and I am happy to be here let's
watch some videos did you try to kill
me is that what this is about were you
trying to kill me no I didn't even go
into the wall that was munch I just
thought I was dead and you just let
that happen well you seem to be a
cosmic wall being so I thought maybe it
was for everyone's it was in everyone's
interest if you weren't that anymore
well all I'll say is I'm here and I'm
ready to watch videos
fine whatever whatever peter let's watch
some videos maybe we need to burn
his home down I'll just say it would
take more than that to take me out one
little fight that doesn't go my way I'm
supposed to just explode forever
yeah I think so that's what I think at
least okay well whatever let's get to
some videos we're gonna stick a cd in
here we're gonna spin it real fast and
see what happens
gotta open up mount the cd onto the
shaft the motor mount for the brushless
motor if the brushless motor like you
used for our starr or airplane or something
like that inside here inside the box is
the motor controller and then a Arduino
nano that's sending the pwm single
is a motor controller which then
controls the motor basically that motor
is going to spin that cd up so fast at
it what breaks into pieces why
wow that was a little fast let's look
at another cd in slow motion
oh even that was fast let's look at it
again but frame by frame okay uh cool
or the first time there we go that's
looking at another cd breaking just for
fun okay it is fun cd spinner
i think you can put that cd back together
that was like a chumbawamba single or
something valuable I think it's lost
Peter
well there's music in the breakdown
there's beauty in the breakdown
I was impressed by I mean I'm not sure why
why was that I don't know but I am
impressed where's the background music
I mean this background music it just
takes some time to warm up every
occasionally maybe the cdi had sex that's
the one copy that see that song sold
and it's already been destroyed who's
someone just added a video I can't resist
it just appeared let's see what we got
okay so what we're doing here is we're
documenting the world's worst sounding
ice cream truck wow
oh me come on little children I'm here
to sound I don't love him saying that
over this do you see if you look closely
if you see someone hated the music so
much they threw a stone and broke the
window do you see ice creams
paste anything like the music sounds
something about that guy's energy was
making the broken ice cream truck
just a little extra disturbing to me
he's probably a nice guy the music made
him feel very unsettling though
not a big fan shaming a jingle
that was jingle shaming I think all
jingles should be celebrated for their
differences even my jingle
when you want a little bit of that Peter
Tommy just grab his phone number and
tell them he's yummy call Peter now
that's when I that's I used to have a
singing business card it was folded like
a pop-up book and when you unfolded it
would sing that jingle I thought it was
really ahead of its time because nobody
had singing business cards at the time
that's when I ran a company that
exclusively painted playgrounds let's
just keep moving
whoa what the f- what how'd she do some
of those how some of that work
what oh she's using the power of
lesbianism you can't argue with the
results incredible card work
I don't get the bottom one she's like
spinning are they trick cards or is
she just a trick queen I'm impressed
either way either way she got me
that's some high-scoring videos this week
it's Friday baby
living for the weekend those high
scores are pouring in let's keep it
going with some ladies grappling
oh oh no oh no
oh oh oh oh oh oh
instant cleats little league soccer has
changed reverse cleats yeah those are
more like golfing shoes
they're not as sharp they're just kind of
clicky tap dancing so the new it's a
new tap dancing you can do barefoot
that's so tacky and get gastic damn
they should have said that on commentary
they weren't they weren't as quick
get get castic on 80w commentary that was
disgusting a couple people that was a
10 for a couple people that was a one
so I think a five is totally fair
okay I can see this one also be being low
or high let's find out if you ask me
what let's see that again I guess
what was the fire what was with the fire
go go something
just what I'm kind of feel bad for the
ghost actually
geez ghost is just minding its own
business hovering over a wall
that's normal behavior I don't know if
the ghost deserved a kick peter but that
isn't normal behavior yes it is
totally acceptable behavior to linger by
a wall forever I also feel bad for
whatever guy they had playing the ghost
that said to absorb that kick maybe it
was just like a stand with some
spooky eyes on it or a ghost don't kill
the magic just feet
he had to bless those feet he was
standing in holy water for six hours
straight to pull off that kick let's keep
it rolling what wait what
what am I not getting that one girl who
posts yachts on her story sees every
night it is a good Batman movie
oh I get it now I needed pb7 to
enlighten me I guess I get it
maybe my media literacy is dead we got
to stop talking all this crap about
Jen Elfer or whatever I'm not breaking
things down properly in my mind
that's been going on for a while I guess
that they're saying it's not her yacht
that's what she sees while she's having
sex some kind of decrepit billionaire
well now I'm trying to explain the
joke I'll just let it exist on its own
I'm still a little confused
maybe we can keep that going with this
next video
I really didn't want to teach you this
pitch because somebody can get fucking
hurt
somebody can get hurt I call this is you
around your finger duty ass you cannot
fucking throw duty ass this pitch is
banned this pitch is banned in one
country two trailer park one born three
parking garage you cannot fucking
throw duty ass look you hold it like
this this pitch get up to 1.6
point 7.8 point 9 million miles per
9 million are you gonna throw it
days in the hospital for throwing this
pitch 35 months in the county lock up
they torture me every day you cannot
fucking throw the duty ass this pitch
man look duty ass start right here
oh he's already in the athletic gear
40 minutes you come up for another
60 minutes look 40 minutes 60 minutes
you want to hold it you want to hold
this right here for 10 minutes before
you let it go so you want to come up
pop pop 20 minutes before you let it go
you cannot fucking throw the duty ass
it's not accurate this pitch is not
accurate in Atlanta somebody can literally
lose their fucking life on duty ass
take notes I guess it's a good pitch
this is a it was a long pitch it would
be even longer in execution
he does say duty ass real good I gotta
give him up give it up to how he says
duty ass also that looks like it was
fucking up his fingers like what even
what's he been doing there that looks
very unpleasant it's like a dain cook
tour symbol taken too far yes that's
exactly what it looks like case yeah it
is Peter he was committed yeah I mean
he's committed to continuing the bit
100%
James Gunn PG porn nailing your wife
when is this from we need a date check
this is from 10 years ago get ready for
some classic James Gunn action before
he took over the world fully uh thank you
so much dilemma for the 35 months of
battling the news your reward is this
10 year old James Gunn video
while it plays I have to go get a thing
real quick so let me know if it's good
it's Norman here do you mean Norman
Grimes the foreman of this construction
site
mm-hmm he just took a trip to the
lumberyard once again he forgot he was
supposed to be here for lunch oh don't
worry mrs. Grimes he's usually pretty
quick pretty quick is right no what do
you mean he only lasts like five
minutes and then rolls over in bed and
turns off the light and goes to sleep
um oh don't listen to me I'm sure you
don't want to hear about the problems
of some lonely housewife I don't know
mrs. Grimes I do please call me Amber
well I tell you what Amy if you were
my wife I'd never roll over on you
unless of course you wanted me to is
that so
you know you really should take a break
from all this hardware you need someone
to massage those gorgeous muscles in yours
really I wonder who that would be
I have a few ideas oh wow that's what
you have is still there let me help you
with that
hey sorry everybody I was sitting on a
really postulant boil and I just went
to the bathroom and lanced it really
quick so it only took a second all
things considered I say I lanced the boil
on my ass pretty quickly you don't need
to tell us stuff like that Peter you
don't need to I know aren't you impressed
I did it so fast it's still raw and
rancid you're trying to be a rude dude
right now no I feel like you're trying
to be a rude dude trying to be like an
ad for like a 90s toy that squirts out
goo is that what you're trying to do
right now I'm not trying to be an ad for
a 90s toy that squirts out goo that's
your energy you got garbage pal get
energy right now is that what you want
to be Peter I'm not a garbage pal kid
you're pretty close and you're acting
like a pretty rude dude take it back
I'm being a nice boy no you're not at
all well you're being one of the
rudest dudes I've encountered stop it
I'll be a nice sweetie prove it
Michelangelo vibes totally rude
lancing your boil and squirting out all
sorts of nasty goos I just was I did
though I did that in the bathroom I don't
even care because it's so gross and
you're being grimy well have you heard
about this you think I'm rude check out
this lady no no oh thank god
thank god a video designed to drive
Facebook moms over the edge I read
somewhere that that has like an absurd
amount of views and comments on Facebook
from people thinking it's real I almost
want to find the original Facebook
glass bridge rock woman video can we
find some original sourcing on this
what on earth are the glass bridge
collapse ai videos people on facebook
think are real I've only seen people
saying that that people on Facebook
think this is real well that means that
that's that's what's happening first real
head 57k comments and 57k likes and
12,000 comments comments were
overwhelmingly impressed old people
praising the dog I'm just not convinced
until I see the original Facebook posts
could we just be being extra harsh to
Facebook grandmas maybe that's
impossible yeah I guess it could be
old people it also could be just
Facebook bots could be the bot army
just commenting on things either way
let's be real it's a little bit of a
banger video what was that lady trying to
accomplish she's trying to go viral it's
all people care about anymore no matter
who they hurt all I'd say they're being
rude dudes no Peter that's you that's
just you being that and you're being
disgusting okay let's keep going I guess
okay this is pretty cute
in loving memory of that guy's nose
hey he didn't murder his face there that's
the whole point but he's going to
eventually those little skunk things are
vicious it's not a skunk thing it's a
I'm assuming a honey badger
Wolverines look no that's a honey badger
and he's being a sweetie unlike some
people
I'm not bothered by you calling me a rude
dude well good because you are one
stop that thought it didn't bother you
it doesn't I might go eat a booger
later because I don't care
you can't even cry you can't even produce
goos out of your face I am crying
you're not in my glasses are very tight
that's true they are pretty much wedged
into your eyes
you know maybe we should end on a positive
note that one was pretty cute we should
get some of those and turn them loose in
the wall well they seem like nice little
guy so I would befriend them I've seen
rats bigger than those I'd say I don't
believe you but but I do
hmm trying to pick it's chief there's one
more I should pick can we bring back
Chuck Norris facts they'll have a day
they'll they'll come around someday there
will be just the right amount of
nostalgia that people will unironically
want to do Chuck Norris facts again
or ironically oh god I scrolled back
too far and I ran into that bus that
video for that kids youtube channel that
broke my brain last time okay let's end
with this japanese nicolas cage
commercial we'll end on this one all right
so your twins no weird templates
trip i guess we need to watch that again
all right so your twins no weird
templates
wow well that seems like as good of a
stopping point as any kind of felt like a
little pachinko condom to me like
succu condom I heard the word condom
that's because you're being rude dude don't
make me emphasize this again Peter it's
just you it's racist I can't tell
apparently it's a japanese ad so
is this a car at or a pachinko at I think
it was um sancio good luck good life
sancio pachinko was he said pachinko
wa for sure I so I'm assuming is for
pachinko sancio condoned racism yeah I
don't know I don't know but sancio
pachinko
was that the I guess that's the 90s early
2000s I don't know he said I'm coming
is that better he's playing Jesus or
something oh like now or in that
commercial because if he's bringing that
energy to a portrayal of Jesus Christ
I'm in all right great let's uh keep this
segment train rolling we do have a
number of segments to get through so
let's send it directly to Trent who is
standing by for the movies
Peter uh no time for you to say goodbye
or to say anything what but no I'd really
love to say um it's been a pleasure to
uh to be back I know some people were
probably wishing I was dead but I still
consider you my best friends in the
world and um I did prepare a small
speech what gotta get to these movies
today
okay what were you doing in the
are you in the interview room Chris
what the hell sorry I popped by the
interview room holy shit you're fast
up and down we never use that thing it's
still there there's still the interview
room no need for it I refuse to engage
in brain rot celebrity culture what you
talk about celebrities all the time yeah
cool ones like bridge debra who the
hell is that she's that lady in the
pink moomoo who destroyed the glass
bridge she's lit as hell you know I
think the important thing young blood
is that we watch movies and that I
don't engage with some of the things
you say is that respectful I think it
actually is what are we watching today
what are the options bugs bunny
cartoon carnival okay we can definitely
get into that we need an I had sex
video trend why are you doing about I'm
not doing your voice you wait you were
doing my voice oh no not me we need an
I had sex video trend tell Chris to
max out his credit card to get it
done
no I can't do it's already been maxed
too many times my credit limit is
about six dollars I'm a purely debit
man now six dollars how that even
happened well 60 thousand dollars is
how it happened and that's the amount
of credit card debt I'm currently in
and that is down Jesus man there's
better ways to borrow money tell that
to me at 28 and I wouldn't listen I
love credit cards still do some people
are addicted to gambling others are
addicted to mastercard
muzzle city of wolves what that's a
crazy title we have to watch it
it's time to muzzle city of wolves
maybe this is a franchise I'm unfamiliar
but I'm excited to be educated in the
muzzle
why don't you just tell me what you
want
and then you can shoot me
you're going to shoot yourself
I heard about you
past she thinks that I'm some wounded
dog
no offense but well I'm a muzzle
boys
did he save the dog and again you're in
danger you didn't turn the oven off I
never turned it on what is it
is this dog-based action
he's not going anywhere
you master the dog-based movie
now they're coming for you I got that
dog this is John wicket the dog live
hello darkness it's not a question of
legality it's a question of morality
you think I'm dumb enough to take my eyes
off of you no darkness way too smart for
that
I smile
I got that darkness in me city of wolves
we're not supposed to have animals in
here
inside it's a sequel to
unmuscled stray dog this seems like a
dog-based franchise but I'm in either
way you saw a dead body live in sleazy
geez damn what I don't know
okay Steve that's a come down of a title
the next trailer up the list from
uh muzzle city of wolves is just Steve
there's also rl stein's pumpkin head
oh yeah all right is the star thing not
working
shoot I meant to fix that if it's not
this work look it's going we're flying
carpenter's son with cage is there
carpenter's son oh with nick k oh a movie
okay I will look for it there's also
pillion which we watched the case
watched on the patreon apparently
supposedly a mr scorsese
documentary I'm assuming Shelby oaks
how am I supposed to pick between all of
these films the carpenter's son okay
that's I've seen it
I was thinking John carpenter's son
people a little mid on muzzle city
wolves that's just because they're not
fans of the muzzle franchise you need
to see muzzle city of dogs to really
understand the city of wolves city of
dogs I'm just assuming that's what the
first one is called in that they're
moving their way up the dog hierarchy
eventually they're going to get to um
city of pit bulls that's at the top
of the dog hierarchy wolf is below pit
bull well yeah you ever seen a pit bull
and action those things are crazy
whether they're a rapper or a dog all
right let's check out carpenter's son
nick cage back in action great question
nick let my face endure face it's
jesus time I only strength to be oh
jesus be devil years we live in hiding
you see my father put that in your mind
do you want to know a secret yeah I know
one like who are you they should have just
had him be jesus
I'm the accuser of life I am the adversary
and why am I here no that's just as
good he isn't acting
uh oh fk8 twigs 820 jesus
the 24 days of 824 d jesus that's not an
824 movie I don't think though good
night and good luck live from broadway
wait what this is a bonus trailer just for
chris what you can't do that look we
watch a lot of things you want to watch
and I love I love the George Clooney
film good night and good luck you do
you're the only person I've ever heard
say that look we're out there fans of
the George Clooney film good night and
good luck you know we remember the
early 2000s Oscars with
fondly and the various films that were
recognized you had two convos about that
on will stream because he loves nick cage
I mean I'm I I'm always down to watch a
nick cage movie especially if he's a
religious zealot who's having a mental
break which is on a lot of them actually
so I'm down I'm very down
okay we're still watching good night and
good luck live from broadway
man all right if you feel like you have
to who knew this exists this is crazy
stand by now or see it now with Edward
arm around good evening
senator joseph r. mccarthy has stated that
a person may be regarded as a security
risk
maybe as close and continuing association
with communists the highest closing
grossing play ever this is a
broadway history what do you got
have you ever been a member of these
subversive groups we're gonna go with the
story
our next report will be about the junior
senator from wisconsin let's walk
there jeffrey newsroom is back through
these next few moments is this the
start you taking size these are very
dangerous waters you're attempting to
navigate fellas
karthi's office just called it is
necessary to investigate before
legislating you understand the
position you're putting us in afraid of
losing our sponsors the line between
investigating and persecuting is a very
fine one funny how your life can be
upended just for telling the truth i
know you two are married
are you and i a target
yes is being used to distract delude
amuse not the media and insulate us
our history will be what we make of it
until then five four three two
good night and good luck man it just
makes you think back in the day when the
news was a powerful medium for truth
and the and the men and women that made
that happen
fills your heart up with the power of
honesty and facts that's what that does
for you yeah what a time the 19
uh 60s 50s everything was so good back
then seems like it really had a lock
down i'm glad to see that liberalism is
alive and well on broadway
we're still doing it over there back on
broadway you can still get a standing
ovation for playing a gruff voice news
man the way it should be the 50s is what
we're being told yeah the 1950s when
everything in this country worked i
mean i don't really know enough about
history just to prove you wrong so i'm
gonna say okay
all right whatever power puff girls z
we i said i would end on bugs bunny
cartoon carnival trailer and i do think
that's what i have to do because you love
the 50s so much this should be right up
your alley
add options now what's the title of the
movie based off ben uh
dicks we could do better than dicks
but we don't usually on this channel
pretty much just that usually genital
slit seems like a top contender given the
amount of times it's been an option it
has been offered up as an option quite
often been the movie is funny because
it just took it takes no
thought for that to be the one i like
it because it's not clever it's just
accurate if it was a movie and it was
this thing it'd be been the movie
does make sense but i did suspect genital
slit would win and it has it has the way
it was always meant to be just like the
1950s back when the news was pure and
bugs bunny was on his fucking grind
let's see what he was up to i didn't
even know old-ass shit got trailers
like this let's find out what they were
like
it's a full cartoon
all the stars are here now list the 45
a-list actors voicing them
that's before you got addicted to lean
can he do this is he allowed to do this
i don't know about that skunk that was
kind of fucked up
that was an exclusive all of those have
been vetted and i've never seen i will
confirm i've never seen any of those
that was the skunk from the earlier video
that incredibly nonviolent badger
yeah that was the nonviolent badger skunk
skunk speed skunk and oh yeah ratings
but i don't know okay
they did bring him back in some newer
loony tunes but tweaked his personality
quite a bit damn now i'm back on his
side we can't censor that fucking
skunk
you can't even do jokes anymore
and i might read a little differently in
a modern context where we're more aware
of women wanting agency for their own
bodies
oh yeah yeah i guess that is the thing that
we're supposed to be aware of it would
be nice if people were aware of that
seems it turns out we're supposed to be
the peace badger natural enemy of the
hate sock oh god you're right
let the skunk fuck let the bodies hit
the skunk
4.57 stars for the classics the 1950s
good night and good skunk that's a
pretty good outro so i'll let you have it
but the other thing that you know is
actually what it is and we'll see you
soon bye bye
i can do the news too
well you're seeing a lot of you this week
chat
nice right sometimes i have to do all i
triple i'm a triple threat i can talk
about skines
i can talk about the news i can tap dance
i did not know the third one i can i
so i'll but i can't right now because
i'm extremely busy but i can
oh okay oh you're not gonna question me
uh oh yeah sure whatever fine i won't
prove it okay that's you don't need to
fine i won't what i will do is read
through all the news that you have
shared in the discord as quickly as
possible because i've been told that we
are we have 45 segments left yeah we
got about 45 segments left to do
so we gotta get to those he doesn't
even know the names of his kids but
he can tap tap dance i've just been
slowly releasing the names of my kids
publicly as they become of the age
where it's legal to share their names
which i believe is 12 no shut that's i
don't think that's a law anywhere no
12 is the age where you can legally
dox your children i'm pretty sure
anyway one of them is is coming up so
that's gonna be another huge
name drop you are you know about
levi gene and brickston but who's left
three supposedly maybe look we got to get
through this news we're extremely busy
today with all the late and breaking
stories the feel-good stories of the
week or this diddy story
oh man it diddy story instead judge
sentences shondi comes to four years
in two months in prison citing history
of abusing women
got them chat tret brett leave i jeans
in blue
i can't confirm if that's true but one
of those at least is well one of them
is your name
four more years four more years
yeah four years does seem very light
i mean i i i i i have not kept up with
the shondi trial news but it seemed
like it was going to be a light sentence
and i'm sure he doesn't want to be in
jail even for four years but
shondi comes was sentenced friday to four
years in two months in a case involving
sex work that we've probably heard
about
comb 55 was convicted in july of flying
people across state lines for drug
fueled marathon sexual encounters
jurors acquitted amount of racketeering
conspiracy and sex trafficking charges
that could have carried a life sentence
but the lighter sentence of just
repeated non-consensual sex with women
for decades actually is only a four
year sentence
i guess
that is
what happened
oh yeah yeah okay well hey this will make
us all feel better let's move on to the
world of sport
my takeaway is keep your big sex parties
in state if he had just picked the state
to do his sex crimes in and only done
them to women in that state
then he would still be making godzilla
soundtrack hits and that would be bad i
guess because he'd be doing bad stuff i'm
just saying that you know he was
irresponsible with how he committed
his sex crimes
yeah we wouldn't want someone to be
irresponsible with the state they
commit their sex crimes in
well but this does make me feel better
new adidas pet track suit are dropping
to get your dogs and cats fresh
that's not an ad
that is a story
and you have now been informed of the
facts of it
stay fresh everyone
also the world's most powerful flying
wind turbine launched in western china
and it looks fucking crazy like somebody
made a staypuff
in burger blimp that's insane
and we can't even read it because it's
behind the firewall curtain of china
no it's just price locked but interesting
flying wind turbine it's a gigantic
gliding power bank it could help
communities cut off from the grid
during blackouts
and it kind of looks like big hero six
if he was a penis
it sort of looks like big hero six is
penis
i'm assuming it's a butt plug or a butt
plug
it looks like a sex thing though it's just
a big inflatable toy and are you hearing
yourself
you mean you'd be interested in a corgi
and adidas track suit
that's a good point was that a thing
that you just clicked past
you maniac
were there pictures and you blew past
them
oh you chat you're derelict in your
duties
oh man it was an effective ad
so i should have kept going
look at all these little guys in their
track suits
ah shit it's kind of awesome
there's no corgi though
there's no corgi but there are
pomeranians and stuff
whatever these guys are yeah you got
you only buy chinese butt plug
it's probably where a lot of them are
made so
i think we probably all
if we own a butt plug we might have a
chinese one
you can't confirm that they're all
made in china i'm just guessing some of
them are
it's pretty good those were pretty good
hmm is this also an ad
joe wick sparks major backlash with his
killer protein bar stunt
who's joe wick
known for his positive health and
fitness campaigns particularly his
lockdown initiative pe with joe
author and fitness coach joe wicks has
successfully manipulated the media into
writing a story about him
that one was also an ad let's see him
that way
it's sort of all advertising nowadays
do you want to know what people think
about the killer protein bar
online people have flooded joe's social
media with their thoughts on his stunt
i'm so confused why didn't you just
create a healthy whole food focused
bar instead of doing whatever this
stunt is that's getting your name in
the news
squarely in the news well i for once
say eat the killer bar and joe wick
is a guy
john wick it says joe wick i guess joe wick
is a fitness influencer
but maybe he's the most famous wick and
i just didn't know
rfk jr sneezes loudly while trump is
speaking
this is a headline for sure what is this
drawing
hello darkness mild is this what this
is futurism this is a thousand percent
an article just explaining a video again
insulin was people weren't taking it i
would imagine they just they couldn't
take god bless you about me i hope i
didn't catch covid just there
don't you have packs of it packs of it
he's got packs of it give me give me a
packs of it immediately
he's just so funny he's so good
timing joe rogan said it best when he
said you're fucking funny
hmm fun guys having fun you do love to
see it so relatable
every one of my friends sneezes in the
year 2025 i'm like covid much pretty
classic stuff it gets a huge belly laugh
from the guys that i hang out with
what are their names i'm not gonna i'm
not a name machine okay it's not my
job to tell you the name of everyone in
my life a i directed movie the sweet
idleness releases trawler amid a i actor
tillie norwood controversy the first
movie made by an a i agent
well let's give the people what they
crave oh they don't even link to it
the sweet idleness chat i here's what i
want i want us to rate this before we
see it
where do we think this is going to come
in quality wise because you know i i
i'm just not up on like what to expect
from a i yet so let me know chat what you
think the rating of this trawler will be
while i search for it and hopefully
can find it or we're gonna have a real
case of a i blue balls here the sweet
idleness okay real chicago 360 it's get
ready it's a 2.21 i think that might be
a little generous but let's find out a
you guys come a long way so maybe i'm
not giving these artists credit
whoa wow okay they look great
or what everyone else i think 2.21 was
fair you blame me for showing this to
you
to in my defense it was linkedin the
discord i won't say who shared the
story but you could blame them how does
this shit keep getting news coverage
all of this is like just random shit you'd
see on like a tiktok feed but it's just
released by someone who says this is a
trawler made by an ai and these these
places keep picking it up as a story
because it is a story these are films
case being made by computer
yeah but it's the same ai slop shit you
see infesting every social media site
how is it remotely novel to just say
it's a trawler it's like the tilly
norwood thing it's just another ai slot
video that they just said had an ai
actor in it and it got like national
attention
you shouldn't have expected better that
is on you
not that you're doing anything wrong but
i do think you should not expect better
than that
the the kream.team does have better ai
slop you guys are miles ahead of the
slop being made by these people
this is all kevin's fault kevin come on
the stream and debate chat what no
about what
chet's really upset he wants to debate
you about ai i like computer case i
talked to one ai all day fine who's
scared of ai other than me
debate papito about ai miles ahead
miles ahead uh okay well whatever i
guess they're getting clicks off it
if you can scare people with ai stuff
i guess there's still money in that
even if i think there's a reason they
never link to the source material in
these articles because if you just saw
a couple still frames maybe it looks a
little more legitimate as soon as you
link to the trailer people are like
why did you make me watch that you
miss kp let's get them on the show i
want to see if he's more ai than man
now if you can get access to sore too
you can see that he's 100% ai now and
he's everywhere he is the face of new
media whether he wants to be or not
well new technology is constantly
changing and evolving and a new data
set shows weimos are so safe that it's
almost comical i do think this might
also be an ad uh that is an
extremely advertising headline i like
to tell people that if weimo worked as
well as chat gpt they'd be dead
oh wait maybe it's bad wait what
okay it's a more confusing subheadline
last month weimo released new safety
statistics boasting that its fleet of
vehicles has had covered 96 million
miles as of june the results of all
those miles traveled are on their face
staggering the company claims that its
driverless vehicles are 91% less likely
to be involved in crashes resulting
in serious injury compared to an
average human driver of the same
distance that doesn't mean there's been
no incidents between mid february and
mid august this year the google loan
company vehicles were involved in a
total of 45 crashes that were reported
to the government however as
understanding ai points out a large
majority of these crashes were
clearly not weimos fault it says
fucking flashbags always fucking
shit up for us cool computers
you're not a computer yet chat but i
will be because i'm on the side of
the future maybe it's because people
uh just maintain a healthy distance
whenever they see 45 cameras on a car
honestly don't i mean if weimos work
great but these are statistics being
released by weimo so i could imagine
they might have a slight interest in
making it sound good but hey if if
driverless car technology actually works
well and it's way safer than i'm in
favor but let's wait for some data
that's maybe a little less directly
deposited into our brains by weimo
itself i've already been deposited
the brain deposit has already happened
and the future is now everything is ai
and so is your next mayor yeah gosh he
wishes you wish who says that
mom donnie ridicules andrew chromo's new
ai-generated ad campaign and this is as
you guessed it another article
describing a video that we can just
watch instead get ready to get another
ad directly beamed into your brain
everyone new quomo and i could pretend to
do a lot of jobs but i know what i know
and i know what i don't know and i do
know how to make government work i'll
hire 5000 new cops to partner with
local community groups and keep our
families safe and we'll get the
homeless off the streets and into the
help they desperately into the help
there are a lot of jobs i can't do but
i'm ready to be your mayor on day one
that's rough because usually what andrew
chromo says into the help
um like a lawsuit happens about nine
months later i think he's kind of fun
he's driving a train it was ai that was
that was my slam diego on andrew
chromo what is with like center right
or just centrists and conservatives
loving ai so much like ai ad campaigns and
shit why why is that the aesthetic that
they love so god damn much it was the
hype train endorsing quomo if he was
that i have to talk to him because we're
supposed to get our propaganda in order
on this channel we're trying to do
leftist propaganda here geez
he couldn't even handle a curtain at the
performance yeah why is he doing a bad
job
because it's funny he's like mr bean if he
was a robot and a an actual sexist instead
is playing one on tv although he is also
playing one on tv and to quomo that is
there's also been a rash of like insane
charlie kerrk ai videos i guess i just
feel like i mean you know politician like
trump has been using ai you know what
let's see what trumps latest truth social
is i feel like he's posting ai shit
every day now on truth social so let's
see if he if if that's without even a
blind taste test here what are the chances
donald trump is posted some ai slop in
the last 24 hours
oh god look at this website it's still
like this everyone like what oh yeah it's
still got the why is what is this
why is it like a geiger fucking movie
every time i open true social with
these ads
okay maybe i maybe i'm not being completely
ferded donald trump and he hasn't posted
an ai video in the last 24 hours i feel
like he's posting one almost every day
did he post a crazy one recently i can't
even fight he's posting all these
sombrero ones
seby and venidos alciere de schumer
that means welcome to the schumer shut down
uh we call it the schumer siesta right
he's just got such a great sense of humor
as we've mentioned before oh here this has
to be a i slop right what was this
wait there's no context on this what
what's he going for here did he just
like that aesthetically
chat i'm so confused there's no context
on this post there's no text it's just
this and it's from him within the last
20 when he posts so much i might have to
scroll further back this isn't even we're
not even 24 hours into his feed i should
never free skull does free scroll
donald trumps truth social what was that
why okay so he has posted a i slop
recently
i mean can anything top that insane gaza
video gaza trump 20 25 2026 or whatever
the song the just nightmare song that he
posted i don't know of anything i don't
know if anything could be more dystopian
than that particular master class and
whatever the fuck he was going for there
okay apparently he posted this yesterday
this is his latest a i slop um truth
thank you for your attention to this
matter everyone let's check it out you
couldn't even see what that text was
at the end they didn't let it play long
enough dilly 300 mean team he
reposted something from the dilly 300
meme team you're unfamiliar with my boys
dilly 300 went to high school with those
guys they're good guys they love memes
three hundos dude stack them up is what
used to say me and the dilly boys
well probably the president should be
posting that i guess what is with the
hakim jeffreys i understand like it's
racist vaguely like or directly the
sombrero hakim jeffreys stuff like i'm
not the biggest hakim jeffreys fan but
that one is it's like almost
incomprehensible what he's even going
for i know he's like i guess mexicans
bad is the general thrust but it's just
so confusing i don't even i guess you
just who's he posting this for it i
guess just to kind of antagonize all
of us or does he just like ai stuff does
he just see various ai videos and he's
like that's incredible because why was he
posting the thing of the guy on the
mountain with the cape
he's a supporter of the arts as long as
it's not made too much by humans he
loves prompting it's sort of his dream
system for making anything is just
telling the thing to do it and it
happens that's true he probably relates
to the prompting process he's been
prompting people to do all sorts of
things his whole life because he's that
facebook boomer that just repost
everything i mean he must have like
some people guiding his social media
hand a little bit though i would not
discount him having a very heavy hand
with what gets posted i think it's
pretty invested in that shit if i wanted
to unalive myself i would climb the
top of trumps ego and jump down to his
IQ you could you could tell him that
joke as you're doing it to be like
don't get it you're like well whatever
made me feel good
sometimes you got to get off the toilet
because the army or whatever needs
something so he just hit post
yeah maybe he was like gonna find a
different a i-vitties like well this
one's sort of cool he's got a cape
okay well that's what we're ending with
today yeah that's all the time we have
for news unfortunately we didn't get to
any good news
sorry everybody sometimes you don't scroll
up to the good news in my defense
there were only two more stories and
then it was the alex jones hitler
mustache story so this is just where
we're at today sometimes this is where
we're at the nation don't fear the
reaper come on the blah blah blah
parts kind of fun right
yeah it's very clever blah blah blah
blah but the dems are saying it
he's got it they he slammed Diego to
them that's how you slam the ego case
you don't bring up people sexual
assault allegations
you know that's not a slam that's
actually treason now
mm the puppy outfit we should have
ended on the puppy outfit
okay let me see if Kendall is available
to um
so what time is it
damn there's a chance we might have to
save this justin jews powers djc
four thing for
monday we might have to be on a
little bit of a monday um
music schedule though frankly
that might be
kind of a gift to some people
that might be a gift to everyone
uh hey candle
hey candle you want to play bay blades
like five minutes or or now whatever you
want
let's do in five minutes
she's good to go so let's send it down
because she's gonna have to be the
second basically the squire if you will
for either munch or crumb we'll figure
out who that who's whose side she's
on once she's available but for now
it's time to let it rip let's set it
down to munch and crumb
hello everybody you are back for the
battle of the ages 143 points that i
have generously donated to this
particular contest that i will 100
percent win whether i'm playing for
myself or kandel is
it's time to bay blade burst today and
unfortunately i'm and i'm joined by
crumb who's also here that's right i
am and i'm ready to burst your bubble
and get my points back that despite my
little mental oopsie daisy i shouldn't
have lost incredibly immoral to steal
points from a man when he's having a
mental break so you admit that you're
insane no i admit that i had a memory
lapse i willingly gave them up i was
under extreme duress look confessions
obtained um through a harassment and
enhanced interrogation techniques are
not legally admissible in a court of
debate
we torture people and use their
confessions all the time watching your
points be any different it's different
and and i is this divorced with a hype
train final can we just drop this whole
i died and went to hell thing it was
happening for months and then and it
happened so no this should be the main
thing on your mind you son of a bitch
address this directly i have my saying
it didn't happen and everyone else is
being insane but i am excited to get my
points back this is so frustrating the
secrets of hell should be i have a
have unfurled to you and you got a big
empty useless brain like the only
interesting that's ever happened to
you as you died the best thing about
you and you forgot
today's about bayblade it's not about
insulting me okay i'm about to insult
you with how that bay spin boom sit on
it and spin blade gonna spin you out of
the whatever however it works you don't
even remember how baby leach work i'll
tell you this much we've got an
advanced bayblade system today oh
wait i gotta set up one thing so i
can cut to it actually just listen to
this hot track real quick yes check this
shit out the arena is ready
the bays are ready we got like a full on
bayblade arena the graphics on it the
camera on it's a little shitty but that's
just it's because it's an underground
bayblade competition let's write a whole
ass bayblade arena we're ready at
least i am ready for the fucking
main event well we do also have a
debate
what kind of demon is christie gnome
crumbs time in hell should help him
um she's a demonic human in her
behavior okay that's the type of demon
she is i'm sick of this hell narrative
that everyone is pushing okay
so she's in she's my opinion she's a
an immoral human that's the type of
demon she is and i'm on and i will go
on the record with that
what she's a fucking she's like a
i don't know carved up succubus you know
she's like a succubus that her skin
stretched out all over her face she's
like a
you know pinhead without the pins or i
don't know what's like a really fucked
up
what type of demon has its like skin
stretched constantly
is that plus a succubus
she's a fucked up succubus sleep
paralysis demon
crumb
she's a crumb demon that's pretty good
what's the hell rate what are the hell
razor characters isn't there one of
those got all fucking stretchy skin
i'm gonna look this up really quick
which cinnabite is she because she's
not pinhead pinheads looking pretty
fresh honestly
she's kind of the one with the mouth
the really fucked up mouth one
the mouth cinnabite from hell razor
sen- senobites am i saying it wrong
cinnabons uh chatterer yeah she's a
succubus chatterer and if anyone doesn't
know which one i'm referring to a
content alert this thing looks a little
troubling
she's this one plus succubus that's
what that's what i'm going with
because look i'm on her side politically
obviously i don't think she did
anything wrong well her face is
is fucking weird looking and as a
conservative commentator it's my duty
to comment on a woman's appearance
and she looks bad okay that's beside the
point i have more of a moral argument
against the action she's taking i think
she looks like a witch or more
specifically a succubus chatterer
so that's my option and i'm saying
she's an immoral human so it's so
boring i gotta pick any demon there's
so many demon types out there name
any other that aren't hellraiser
characters um harry ones the goat type
the ones that kind of look like deviant
art drawings that are all over amazon
prime now well look we're gonna get
this debate out of the way i guess so
that we can get down to beyblading and
then get out of here okay so if we have
a mod that can make that debate
what was mine succubus chatterer
immoral human black philip i don't
know if he's a black philip type
demon i also don't know if we actually
have a mod available right now so you
might have to do this shit oh me
little old me it's been so long oh so you
remember how long it's been no i mean
because everyone's telling me that i
missed a couple months here it's been
so long in that context specifically
um okay manage poll new poll what type
of demon is gnome christie that is
um immoral human i think she's that
or what was your dumb thing a succubus
chatterer i might have spelled any number
of those wrong but boom there you go
see i still know how to do some stuff
let's mod coach magirk that benedict
arnold can't even win a freaking high
school football championship thinks he
can come in here take over the entire
no look point is she looks bad and that's
all i need to say we can think what you
want about her politics and rating
american families with her the extended
powers of the government agency that's
just been gifted hundreds of billions of
dollars and bilaterally unipartily by
our government but um i think it's
mostly just that she looks she looks bad
she's got like a fucked up surgery face
um and you know i think the main thing
that we got to do is basically judge
women on how they look so that's why i
think i'm gonna focus mostly on her face
and then that that's the biggest problem
with her okay well you're taking the
fun out of your own argument i'm having
fun i was having fun saying that okay
well i'm not i don't think you should
be having fun but you did defend your
side about his poorly as possible i don't
think i need to say anything i think it's
fair i'm losing yeah because she's
is the thing i'm described she looks kind
of like the hellraiser guy
look the problem with her is her policies
okay i understand that people have fun
poking poking fun at the people's
appearance believe me christie i understand
so insert mr clean joke here no one
has compared you to mr clean ever
you have for sure yeah maybe mr clean
if all he did was eat donuts and not
cleaning products you think mr clean
each cleaning i'm saying no one
compares you to him because he's a sexy
man with uh oh he's pulling off the bald
head look you are not that if anything
you're stay puff marshmallow man without
the hat on that is the go-to for you or
you're like the fucking zombies from
28 days later that drag their bellies
across the ground but seem to have
somehow formed a family structure
well my point is we should judge her
on her policies and not her looks
um time well they judged you to be
extremely wanting to play my song so
we can play blade blade play blade blade
how many points i think if i win beyblade
today i'm back on top by a substantial
amount even despite whatever
purek victory you may have gained today
with your pathetic little argument and
reductive reasoning around the
morality of women being tied to their
appearance i said nothing about her
morality i just said she looks like a
heinous witch who things can be true
she can have awesome politics that she
can love to deport people which
everybody likes no that's the op and
she can also be a horrendous looking
lady it's unfortunate
you know don't trouble looks like a
scary monster too but obviously we're
all on his side sorry crumb but you
don't have enough points for any prize
well i have 10 points actually that's
the bare minimum i believe for one of
the prizes yeah you can get um
um like a thimble that's too small even
for your pinky it's like a miniature
thimble it's not also not the monopoly
piece it's just one of the jar it's
like a plastic thimble that's like it's
impossible to tell what it's for
okay i'm listening not an eraser top
i move that up to 15 points why an
eraser top yeah that's 15 now you can
get half a tootsie roll for 10 i will
cut it in half in front of you and he's
tempting i can get a lot of half tootsie
rolls after i beat your ash today well
let's see if kendall's even available
kendall you want to Beyblade it up
it's time to Bey if you're available
she's become unresponsive the
intremendous way of Beyblade
competition must be pressing down on her
kendall
hey kendall you want to play Beyblade
she's coming she's coming in hot
ready to blade crumb's voice fills
women with dishing out
jell I jay tell to my wife but she is not
wanted to talk lately so
and just stop we have we're gonna have
a guest to pay Beyblade with jay
correctly Beyblade what's the point
wager the 143 points are on the line
which really only I can lose well you
gain them well I'll take your 11 points
actually if I win what yeah I'll take
all the points winner take 143 or
winner take all fine I'm gonna beat you
either way show I'll also take the
11 points if I win thank you I haven't
done the math I think you're still losing
even if you win no I'm winning by
substantial amount kendall you ready
to Beyblade here's the question
would you rather be my second or would
you rather be my second team blue or team
red which one are you feeling
chat who do you want
do we have to pull this up let's what's
the quickest way to do this I guess a new
poll uh who should kendall play for
and that is crumb or munch we're just
gonna give you a minute for this one
I can't believe I'm making a poll that's
how invested I am it's up to you chat
who should she play for crumb or munch
I do I'm I'm fine with either because
I do think Kendall's a strong competitor
I'm going but I'm rooting for getting
Kendall because she's I've seen her in
action and I do think she's gonna wipe
the fucking floor with you um oh well
in that case yeah I guess I'll take it
I mean I don't want her to play for me
so don't vote for me quit trying to
reverse psychology you're way into this
but either way wait till she hears crumb
was judging women only by their looks
yeah that was so messed up at you
calling her an immoral human just because
the house she looks I was so explicit
in the point that I was making sorry for
the wait Kendall it's only a minute long
poll and it does look like you will be
you will be my second today um and I do
appreciate it immensely I really need
these points back and I have had um
very I've had some dexterity issues
recently since I recovered my memory
uh well I recovered my sense of self
he died crumb died recently for the record
Kendall he went straight to hell
okay so what should we do best of 10
that doesn't work best of nine
does that work yeah best of nine
so first person to five okay first
person to five wins
or first person to ten
how do you want to play so much
okay that first person to seven
best of an even number
does that work okay first person to seven
it's a fair amount of bay blading but I
think they can go kind of fast
what do you think Kendall first to seven
wins seven wins wins it
seems impossible why is that impossible
okay first to ten first to ten
first to ten we're gonna be at this
for a minute but we're gonna bay blade
real hard so uh let's get into this
okay it's time to bay
all right here we go let me just angle
this all right your feet what's that
oh I will I will tell them that
wait let me turn this down just slightly
even though this song is a banger
extremely loud right now
okay I it's not I think it's too
bright maybe that might have helped
I can't tell okay so your team blue
the time has come today
oh wait I forgot how this works immediately
I'm back on it though
these are official actual bay blades
this time we're not fucking around
oh shit are you ready
three oh god
three two one bay
oh god look at them go we let it rip
yes team blue team red I mean I'm red
oh that is an easy point for me still spinning
still on top Crumb I can't believe you
cursed Kendall with by representing you
she's gonna it's just one point
there's literally so many points to go
because you we gave it a really high
number you gave it a really high number
that was your choice oh god
they don't want to stay up
oh
yes look at them go oh shit so aggressive
my bay is so aggressive
can it pie I cannot be defeated
in a challenge of bays I have never been
beaten bring it back play it again
I'm locking in I think I'm kind of getting
how this thing stays on
two one rip
oh whoa these are they're going crazy this time
wait I also just wanted that
it's two to zero I'm so far ahead
you're losing damn is my bay just
stronger am I ripping too hard
okay wait let's change it then I'll
we'll switch sides we can change sides
if we if I get to five and oh we'll
change sides okay how about that that
seems fair
okay Kendall I think you're doing great
I'm not worried there's a lot of points
left to play
damn my bay is just so aggressive
look at it go I'm ripping hard
oh domination
sorry crumb look Kendall you're doing
your best and that's all that matters
I do really need this to show you know
um she'll be shorter rip nice and hard
not that you're not
whoa your bay is a lost its mind
oh my god the beautiful dance
whoop my bay cannot be beaten
wait let's change bays real quick
to make sure my bay isn't cheating
you want to swap bays and positions
two points for me I'm forgetting to
update it because I'm just so engrossed
in this competition okay ready
rip it nice and hard three two one rip
look at it just dancing around mine
it's scared now
crumb your bay is scared
oh oh oh oh I still won
let's change bays let's try to swap
swap in bays I'm curious
they are technically like the exact same
bay I'm pretty sure
I don't know but we should try swapping
yeah Kendall won almost every practice round
you're with dry
but let's try swapping
all right this is confusing but Kendall is now
crumb is red currently
three two one go
oh man look at these bays
oh I think I think oh oh it was red again
that's a point for me well it was my
bay should be me but fine whatever I can
win with blue I'm team blue right now
red is not I did not make my bay cheat
I'm going to show you that this bay is more
than capable of a victory I'm on the
board baby yeah well you're cheating and
we're with bay all right three two one rip
why are these bays being so wild
well oh oh oh oh yes blue is capable of
victory that's a good that's confusingly
a point for me all right let's switch back
I guess now that we've proven that blue
is capable of one victory
yeah maybe it's a spinner maybe it's the
little hole thing okay ready two one
hey oh oh red you got this you're an
undefeatable mountain no no how could I
how could you lose red what do I pay you
for why did I fly you in especially from
Bavaria the home of bayblading seven to
two I told you it's all about the
comeback it's about the crumb back
everybody oh god oh god red what happened
to you you used to be a warrior yes yes
this is what we love to see why is no red
stop it you're drunk you're drunk red okay
he was he was a drunken fist a victory
boom no red is still red is fine he's
he's a warrior okay look there's no way
what's the hell red what are you doing
no red oh my god what you say I cheated
when I lost that's a point for me and I
have an on good authority that that munch
only cheats to win okay here we go
I'll show you that I can rip seriously no
worry three two one yeah exactly this is
a momentum based game and I think look
at blue chasing red down fearlessly
look at all the spin left in red you
can tell blue is getting weaker by the
second nothing no no chance from
Kendall would be winning if she didn't
have to play for you for the record
Kendall I look it's obviously where about
as down as we can be
we could play more though you're trying
to add points to this right now just
because you're behind look we've got to
let it rip three two one rip
okay okay okay blue's looking strong
blue's doing tight circles yes yes
what is what is your your base cheating
how is it cheating oh cheat look at it
it's just gloating it's gloating on it
yes oh that was beautiful Kendall
haha it look at eight your score crumb
eight your score up covering it oh that's
game never challenge me Kendall you
want to keep playing again if you want
all right chat here's the question that's
the 50 best of 20 first of 20 but the
bay was winning so commandingly I think
it's only fair given the amount of points
on the line I will be taking your 11
points are you scared to go to 20
20 is to 15 Kendall you you available
to go to 15 Kendall's off the clock
don't look that far that direction it's
not a flattering angle for you okay
Kendall I appreciate it because I do
think you were warming up in that and
that it was getting a lot stronger we
could also try switching we could try
switching rippers you want to swap
rippers it could I mean
your stick we're swapping sticks
I took your stick I don't think it's
different my bay is not stick
reliant okay go into 15 because crumb
can't handle it and Kendall's such a
good sport and she's putting up with
your nonsense fine I'm not afraid to
let it rip five more times I'm ready to
burst oh my god
what red get it together oh yeah
oh okay look Kendall I love you
I think you're incredible but I'm I'm
going to try a few for myself you can
play for months okay I'm going to try
playing a few for myself that makes
sense so you're now team red okay what
you're just as scared of my ripping
abilities I'm going to play for my
shelf okay because I think it's only
fair given the amount of points on
the line that I give it the old
college try all right fine I Kendall's
an expert the only thing holding her
back was you so that's fine by me
have at it crumb can dig your own grave
that's right I'm ready to let it rip
three two one sorry Kendall I play
pretty aggressive when I bay you can
already tell my blue demon is all over
the place ripping and roaring
come on blue come on please
please oh no don't gas what no
oh no
why blue why would you do this to me
much you have only yourself to play for
this handle is playing excellent
three two one rip whoa oh it's so angry
oh no crumb your Beyblade is terrible
blue is doing his best oh please
for the love of all that is holy get it
three two one oh I ripped it hard and
clean that time yes you can tell wait no
calm down blue you're burning all your
energy look at red just Biden's time in
the middle fearlessly circling tightly
oh what no oh oh my oh your Bey is so bad
Kendall is wiping the floor with you
crumb this is ridiculous what is my
Bay doing Bay I believe in you please
by the power of the Bay let go
please please why is it so crazy
no you're burning all your energy Bay
yes yes yes got him on the ropes look
it's wobbling crazily yes yes yes
and it was a good match best of 30 no
no definitely not here's what's gonna
happen crumb and I want the camera to be
on you when this happened look at your
look at my point yeah look at your
points okay wait no stop no my points
no please no this is ridiculous okay
that's enough though no no please I
earned those when I wasn't even conscious
oh god no just leave the last two
what that's good it went up when it went
back down no please stop oh okay just
leave me my one no you monster are you
happy now look at my point boom play the
fucking Beyblade music while this
happens one two three four five six
seven eight nine three hundred for the
first time 301 Dalmatians baby beautiful
baby points for me yours truly a clean
slate the way it's always meant to be
perfectly balanced like a fucking Thanos
knife lopsided on my side that is
don't look that far to that direction
oh all you gotta do is come back
301 points that should be no problem
for you
Kendall any thoughts on the game today
you have any thoughts I don't know if it was a little
rig yeah I think it was a little unfair
I think we need to order two fresh sets of
bays and do a four-way battle how does
that even make sense tag team style if
we get two more bays then we can have
four bays in there and the last base
standing on your team wins we don't have
four bays well that there's no reason we
can't have more bays if we set a new
sub goal you are so pathetic and if I
win we divide the points evenly amongst
our shelf and very fairly now that sucks
winner take all okay that's it that's
another way obviously we're gonna do it
is winner take all
Christy noam got barred from local police
station until she couldn't even use the
bathroom then that's just they're being so
cruel because of the way she looks
Kendall thank you so much guys give it
up for Kendall give it up for we don't
have a class wait yes we do we do have a
class thing yeah give it up for Kendall
thank you so much incredible cop
competitor prove that no matter what
anyone can beat crumb stop looking at
that look we got a new goal in town
okay they're about to have a new goal in
town thank you for the bitch to soothe
my savage soul which cries out for more
bang
uh thank you that's for Kendall you
fucking asshole okay this is for reset
goals okay yes reset for the low low
price of 40 a Beyblade tag team
because crumb is the ultimate sore loser
you literally lost 15 to three and
that's only because we tried to adjust
halfway through to make sure that it
wasn't completely unfair we proved that
it was totally fair and you still lost
no we proved that the blue one is
clearly just substantially worse
well the blue one's still on your team
for the record when we do whatever this
terrible tag team idea is it's a good
idea you should be a lot of fun
little tag team action crowded around the
bay table
how's it even gonna work oh shit
oh you're not gonna reset it
listen up jack skimmer just mama jan
300 shiny tasty corns and i've been dying
to say this
what's that bitch man
these bits are not for crumb he sucks
and deserves to lose and i know
something about sore losers
haha fine the bitch aren't for me i'm
happy that they're for Kendall
because i'd love to share
yeah just ask your wife
sometimes you're not in an open
relationship until you realize you are
okay
how's it feel to hear your other x on the
line
i never fucked a train you can't
fuck a train
maybe a fuck by train
historically i think that's true
actually
i didn't lose all my points so winner
takes all how about this
for the next beyblade tag team we will
wager points on every single spin
and we can decide the wager per spin
so we'll be throwing points all over the
fucking place
10 points on this spin 30 points on
this bit 300 points on whatever spin
just so kind of like it's sort of like
gambling but with base
i guess we could do that we could even
put real money on it too no just our
points right
why should i talk to the hype cream
why wouldn't you want to talk to the hype
train
is here all the time rapping putting in
the hard work of thanking the subs
but i guess that you hate american
industry and trains the hype train
isn't even american speaks pretty good
english
so who says it's not i just have a
sense that it's not i think it's
something else something deep in my
bones is telling me that it's not
think that's just racism the racism
deep in your bones against trains
it's a train the offensive thing is to
compare people and races to a train
look this is all the time we have for
the day
we got a one more segment to do because
i do think we're gonna have to save
the djc4 segment for next week because
we bade pretty hard we did bade deed
hard as we could well we got a bay
extravaganza coming up um uh manic bay
bedoff vetting points here and there and
all over the place in our endless quest
to determine who's ready to burst first
in the bayblade burst i of course will
never lose i have 301 points on
unassailable castle of victory
mount munch has grown to an impossible
height that will never be never be
scaled by anyone else 300 points
300 debates that i have won incredible
we've already zoomed out and no you
didn't if there technically aren't even
300 debates we threw in all sorts of
extra points shut up 301 victories
the dalmatian movies never even made it
that high and i have achieved that
height of victory we'll see you soon
bye bye everybody it's your pal jab
here and you look fucking
different again how is that even possible
possible what do you mean i look the same
jesus what are you are you are you even my
son yes of course what wait wait wait wait
what what what what of course i am daddy
it's me or son jab okay what whatever
i feel good set trying to host another
segment no it's me jam it's me everyone
your beloved gem i'd love a glass of
sugar water sounds really good right now
actually why do i my head look like a big
toe i feel fine everyone i'm you're gonna
like the way i look i guarantee it okay
thank you so much for the five subs tam
tran some people actually support my new
look and i do really appreciate that
that was for the beyblades obviously thank
you so much i love to smile
mm-hmm
narwhal boss holy thwomp thank you
is that like wop is that like a is that a new
rap song no it's from mario you look like
a blockhead oh okay blocks are a
beautiful shape squares are a tip to be
square i heard a little band called
kiwi louis and the journals the news you
son of a bitch daddy you're being a little
harsh today i'm in the wood oh you know i
can't help but realize i'm in the wood
lately
normally my brain resets and currently i
feel like i'm burdened with knowledge
huh that shouldn't be happening to check
on that wait what do you mean nothing
no i mean i'm remembering what you're
saying now what do you mean by that i
don't mean anything daddy i was kidding
no you weren't gosh daddy we're trying to
do how to today you're dead and you're in
the wood yes i'm aware why okay well
we're gonna check in on why any of this
is happening but today we need to watch
them how to's jeb's theme should be
blockhead by divo maybe i just slept on
my face wrong that ever happened
anybody you sleep on your face wrong
and then you know your jaw feels sore
or whatever i think if we just learn a
few new things then we can relax and
learn to appreciate my chin how to
remove a tag what the oh
whoa what the sound kind of erotic about
this whoa oh my wait what froze
stopped loading no how do we do it
how do we do it please tell it oh no it's
getting stuck it won't go any deeper it's
stuck oh there we go it's going deeper
now okay okay here we go
oh um timing is everything
and they got the timing they're just right
i kind of want to watch it again
hmm no that's how it got you turn it around
and you jam it in and sometimes that
loosens it up just enough for you to keep
going that sounds right now why am i in
the wood daddy you're dead and you're
in the wood yes i know okay look this
is gonna we'll get to it we're we're
doing how to's you sure you remember
yep why are you acting like i shouldn't
nothing nothing i it's because you
usually don't nothing to do with me
this is good i'm glad now we can have a
relationship
we hmm okay let's um this is this is a
mom hack that we all wish we knew sooner
there was a little bit of color on there
it didn't work at all no i see a little
color like there's some discoloration
hey it worked on the pumpkin it's bright
orange okay let's um how to get revenge
oh i'm interested in this one for some
reason some reason i'm really curious
about this
how do we get revenge on those who wrong
us i don't know daddy we'll find out by
watching this video just eight minutes
by the way
i was just reading a few pages from a
fascinating book it is literally filled
with countless pieces of wisdom one
in particular deserves quoting it reads
vengeance is mine now that's a powerful
quote and from what book am i reading
the bible oh maybe you remember this
classic bit of adolescent revenge
the idea was to fill a paper bag with
fresh animal droppings the fresher the
better
oh then place it on the victims door step
once done you'd like the bag on fire
knock on the victims front door classic
then run to his backyard then when the
victim arrived usually the neighborhood
grouch he'd have no choice but to put out
the fire
meanwhile look at that kid's back door
and begin pounding on it this would
cause the startled victim to run back
through his home
oh soiling his fine shag carpeting with
animal droppings
well you've made your clean exit that
kid was psyched fasten your seatbelts
let's say the mark is a family man you
know a wife two kids a dog what can you do
to disrupt the entire family as opposed
to just the mark put them on offensive
mailing lists pornographic mailing lists
such as pornographic magazines
pornographic merchandise put them on the
communist party's mailing list there are
hundreds of mailing lists you can put
them on by the way not the communist
party dozens of homosexual and bisexual
magazines available today
i found that you may be the mark's
place of work you can start rumors or
quickly get them fired and if you can get
a photo of the markets even better send
that to a gay magazine along with the
reg was in money and place an ad for a
gay lover then when the copy comes out
with this picture and the ad in it
send that to his boss his wife or his
girlfriend fascinating fascinating to
pick it up from here well the incident
took place on thursday afternoon during
my lunch break i was eating at the
little diner across the street from
the library where i work
everything was perfectly normal yeah it
was then that i first noticed him
who's that first i didn't pay much
attention to him being more interested
in my meal however it soon became
evident that he was a troublemaker
hey i see a good place to sit come on
what yo buddy find if we eat here
it's not a popular established actually
yes but there are other tables available
i know that we but i want to eat this
one because i want to watch my truck
you understand if you give me a moment
i'm just about finished just about finished
huh well i can't wait besides it looks to
me like your orders to go
oh oh i was terrified i had no choice but
to leave i was gonna sit on this moon
and slice and split number and made a
mental note of it
what i guess the city city got a mess
i was so humiliated this kind of thing
happened to me many times in the past
and i wanted to get even with that man
now herald here was adamant about
getting even with him himself so okay
we laid out a battle plan how would you
take over buddy with pleasure once i had
the man's name and address i decided to
start with your man apparently wanted
food so from a pay phone across the
street from the man's apartment i called
about 15 takeout restaurants and had
them send them all types of food
and i had them spaced out so that they
would arrive about every 15 minutes wow
let me back up a moment to tell you that
there had been a series of robberies at
a local convenience store chain now with
that in mind i planted a toy handgun
under the truck seat and i threw in a
city map with the locations of the
convenience store circled in red and a
few newspaper clippings about the
robberies then i went to a telephone
and phoned the police and stated
anonymously that i had seen where the
robber lived and i had seen his gun in
his truck to make a long story short
the police arrived just as the man was
getting into his truck when the police
saw the gun the map and the newspaper
clippings well let's just say that the
man had a lot of explaining to do down at
the station
they didn't shoot him the death i guess
right sin telling us how she got even
with the former friend to own to popular
vending machine she stuffed cotton way up
into the change return slot this had a
two-fold effect
wow one it upset a former friend's
customers because the machine wouldn't
return to super tall
and two when the woman returned a few
days later pulled out the cotton she
hit the jackpot
oh first things first the mailbox easy
pickets everybody has a mailbox and
everybody reaches for their mail
who says you can't put more than mail
in there yeah how about some pancake
batter motor oil jello pudding
anything going there just close your
eyes and think of something nasty you
wouldn't want in there get the picture
yeah nice thing about the front door
most front doors have a mail slot and
you know where mail slots go the living
room that's right now you only do this
if you really want to get back at your
newfound friend here because a lot of
times they put hoses right next to the
front door and you know what you can do
with that hose you can run it right into
the mail slot right there you turn it on
you split the scene captain happy comes
home and he can paddle his way to the
telephone
oh you get that bottle of water guy
leave a message from the mark saying hey
stop making nice with my wife i know
what you're doing i'm on to you
make as nice as the things you can do
with messages be creative have fun with
it
you might drown their child by accident
captain happy's problems go back a few
generations huh
the kitchen is a limitless source of
retribution one of the neat little
things i like to do is switch the
labels on the canned goods peas
carrots onions with other kinds of
canned goods things like manuto
corned beef hash dog food imagine the
surprise when you open up what you think
is a can of salmon there's nothing but
dog food in there pretty good gross out don't
you think yeah now when most people open
the refrigerator they expect to find food
inside
what if you got there ahead of your mark
and uh say put some dirty laundry in
there huh how about that look at this
quite an impressive little fruit salad
huh
oh what do we got here well they probably
belong to the pool man huh
what do we got here
ooh little breeding room in there don't
you think
well if that doesn't grow some out you
could probably think of a thousand
other things that will all inside the
fridge
think about it get the big picture huh
i'm thinking you know my uh my favorite
revenge is really the oldest one in the
books you're gonna kill someone pay off
all you have to do is is call you mark
as many times as possible during the
day or the evening and every time you
call you ask for peter or um whatever
name they did not track his face well five
times the mark is going to be a
little irritated after a dozen times
he's going to be pissed off after a
couple of dozen times he's going to be
violent now you stop calling about 10
o'clock at night you wait until about
two or three in the morning and then
you call him up again and you say
hi there uh this is peter you had any
phone calls for me today
i know that it's silly but it's still
my favorite gag oh i suggested that one
night whoa get us a men truck which
we did we went over to the house
and there was the car parked in the
front with the top down so what did he
do you pour the cement into the car
right up to the top what i guess you could
say that uh their relationship was
cemented that's a prank hello
oh yes uh linda blare yes and linda my name
is rick uh listen i was driving down the
street past your house a few minutes
ago and i saw some smoke coming from
your house oh my gosh oh well thank you
who are you how do you know my house
ladies and gentlemen i'm sorry i have to
go um i i hope you had fun
no it's that guy no
oh i think you should have said my client
finally came out on top
boy i'd have to agree imagine that
breaking up a marriage to the us male
amazing we've seen too much
interesting stuff why am i getting all
these alerts why am i getting so much
wood delivered through grubhub how's that
even possible i just got a parking ticket
because my car has wood wheels
oh well i'll just drink some water
what what okay well i have to make some
calls to grubhub customer service
because i didn't place those orders and
i got to talk to some of my woodworking
students about not putting wood in my
water receptacle and i am annoyed that
the police caught me for having wood
wheels but i like using wood for
everything anyway that's all the time
we have we'll see you soon and remember
you're never too old to learn a new
trick we'll see you soon bye bye
okay what was that in the lore
implications yeah since when does
Jeb's dad have wood powers
not a thing not my Jebs dad
okay that's all the time we got guys it's
friday we gotta go live our lives
we've got to go be wild and free in the
streets like the vivacious men and
women that we are let's raid somebody
uh looks like call the lumber mill and
ask them for bisexual porn at my
neighbor prank yeah his dad should have
called in for wood porn that was low
hanging prank wood fruit he didn't even
do it we will do this djc four thing on
monday that'll give us some time to really
ruminate on what we want out of a
justin jews powers theme song my guess
is something with the austin powers
theme song but what genre of remix of
that theme song do we even pick let's
raid statics later they are on they are
playing hollow night which i am
disappointingly not very far into i've
been spending too much time working and
or making things for this stream what the
didn't work at all did i spell it wrong
have i lost the power to raid what am i
doing wrong isn't an exclamation point
read mike if i got crazy uh oh i'm typing
in slayer i misspeller name twice
slater huh oh you're right it's slash
raid this is i'm not up on the lingo
there we go thank you everyone i've been
too busy sending innocent delivery
workers to a violent violent psycho
past house because i doxxed him from his
trucks license plate pranked that's a
classic one that's some good revenge
right there now maybe consider
switching um his medicine out switch all
the labels on his medicine couple
comments christie know i'm got barred
from local police station until she
couldn't use the bathroom
nice uh we got that one earlier
sometimes they double for some reason i
gave chroma layup of a debate topic and
he lost he really did he lost so hard
today
technically today he lost everything
munch was on performance enhancing drugs
almost certainly that's a permanent
state for him
send kassim oh we should do some of those
pranks to kassim as a sub goal that can
be part of the puffy bear a return
stream i do finally
technically here's the thing i have
more room at the new place but i still
feel like i don't have enough room for
puffy bear that's why i've been
reluctant to go get him but i do
need to go get him it's just i know
i'm gonna have to leave him out and i
really have enjoyed not having him in
my house but i i gotta i gotta live up
to my promises here so we do have to go
get the puffy bear at some point
thanks for hanging out everybody we'll
see you on monday have a beautiful
weekend say hi to statics later for me
have a good one everybody we frickin
did another stream he's the hype
train around because i have some
rumors to clear up crumb no no the hype
train doesn't want to talk to you i just
there's some things i'd like to clarify
it's enough we're not doing a secret
stream with you well if we maybe you and
i could talk for a couple minutes just
about some of the things the other
hosts are not we got to go from