I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
I love a dog.
Case is finally gonna get that Chinese but implant he always wanted.
Ten, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do it.
Everyone, we're on our two stream week streak for this week of off schedule streams.
But that's just the way it is sometimes.
I know I say this every time but today we do have to be a little quick because we
have the Patreon at six with the CasemG.
But we'll see what we can get into.
Good to see everybody.
Giggle trash propaganda, Apple DApple, CV loves you, MSG.
Steve is in here.
Don Johnson of others.
I forgot to load the chat into this screen.
So those are the only ones here right now.
Resolute trial.
Thank you for the five months.
Hope you're having a lovely Thursday everyone.
But especially those who just sound like Resolute Trial.
And the rest exactly.
Guys, we should probably just hit a button and start talking about things
before I ramble for 20 minutes about.
I don't even know what the first thing I see in chat.
So we'll just say it's news time.
I saw someone mention me disparagingly.
And I will not stand for that.
I do not stand for that.
Rambler way you're packing for a trip.
Everything I say is surgical actually.
I have case here for the rambling.
I'll do that.
Yeah, I know.
It's good to see you, Rick.
What?
Hi.
What are you doing?
Say, say mean.
You're supposed to be mean to me.
Be mean to me.
You want me to be mean to you?
I didn't say that.
It's never good to see me.
Turn this off.
You're all in trouble.
Everyone's everyone's pissing me off.
What?
This is vocal stuff.
What?
Wait one second everyone.
Rick's voice is betraying him.
You have to write a paper for an interview.
You're submitting this segment.
Just for your interview?
How does that even work?
Your guess is as good as mine.
What is going on with Rick's voice?
I think it's so great.
I think you don't.
I think he doesn't.
Let me try this again.
There we go.
Now we're on top.
Okay.
I'm missing out on Mr. Beast money.
I'm going for an late LBJ look.
What does that mean?
I saw that from live in Sleazy.
How do I look like LBJ?
That is, he does not.
In more ways than one.
He means, you talking about his big dick?
What?
That was him, right?
Wasn't LBJ the president with the really massive hog?
You would know this, Rick.
Jimmy Conius.
Thank you for the follow.
You don't look like anyone.
You don't look presidential.
And you're hog or otherwise.
Oh, he growed his hair.
He did?
LBJ long hair.
Have we ever had a president with long ass?
Oh my God.
We did?
Look at him here.
It's looking like Jesse the body Ventura.
What's going on with this look?
I didn't know.
He can pull this off.
As president, as a retired president, you're allowed to finally get hair slightly below.
The sl- it's allowed to hit your shoulders.
Damn.
Everything's longer when you're LBJ.
I think how long the hair is on jumbo wear?
Some peanut is doing half the comedy at Case Blackwell is doing on Twitch and getting Mr. Beast offers.
This ain't right.
The only thing I've seen of the peanut guy is occasionally I'll see a clip of him saying things that I politically am not a fan of.
But I'm pretty sure he mostly plays games.
I can't tell anymore.
Every time I see a clip of someone, one of my fellow streaming compatriots, they're usually saying something that's kind of disgusting.
But hey, I mean, I guess it's a fellow Snapchat aficionado.
Mr. Peanut streams?
No, I don't know.
It depends on the Mr. Peanut you're referring to, Skymer.
Peanut sells women to South Sudan?
What?
I'm not getting into this.
I, you know, I have enough trouble covering the news that traditional media outlets report on.
I can't keep up with the peanut streamer guy news.
If Mr. Beast likes Case, Case is doing something wrong.
Given the amount of times I've said I think Mr. Beast is one of the like most negative cultural forces we've ever created as a society.
And that's a high bar.
Maybe I, maybe that's too many words and Jimmy would hear that and and not give a shit.
I also have technically interviewed to work for Mr. Beast.
So we've got history.
You think you have history with Mr. Beast.
He does not know who you are.
I agree.
I have history with Mr. Beast that is all negative.
For instance, he never fucking hired me.
You're going to take the job.
I actually know that I think I've talked about this before, but right after G4 ended, I interviewed with like, you know, whoever just to just to get the lay of the land.
And one of them was an interview for Mr. Beast's whatever.
I think he was interviewing like a bunch of people at the time.
But they they basically the only question I remember them asking me is if there was a challenge where Mr. Beast was going to eat a thousand pound hamburger.
How would you approach that?
And I did have some ideas which I don't I don't think he ever did that video, but he could have stolen them.
Then I did actually get an email from them saying, hey, we want to talk again.
But by that time, I had realized that we would have to move to.
Kendall and I would both have to move to South Carolina.
Kendall also interviewed with them.
And it just wasn't.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that to work for someone that I actively despise.
But it was sort of fascinating to interview with their HR person who also told me that once I worked for Mr. Beast, I would develop Jimmy Brain.
That's the thing they actually said.
I would get Jimmy Brain.
And then over time, I would learn to think like Jimmy heat operate as my second brain.
That's a huge upgrade.
He's one of the greatest entrepreneurs of our time.
I know I really missed out.
I could have Jimmy Brain currently.
I could have been part of the Beastry.
I could be part of the menagerie of the Beast.
It's not.
Yeah, it was they were just fully doing body snatchers.
They also gave me the class one of the classic warning signs.
If you're ever interviewing for a job and they're like, you know, we have a work life balance in the sense that the people who work here, we love our job so much that it doesn't feel like work.
It's like, oh, awesome.
If you if you or a loved one has been affected by Jimmy Brain, you may be entitled to financial compensation.
You'd think, although I've heard that it doesn't pay that well because they mark it down because you're living in South Carolina.
I think basically I calculated that if I had gotten the salary that they are offering, I would probably feel like I was making more money because South Carolina is so much cheaper than living in Los Angeles.
But it was for less than I even made it G for.
Sounds a lot like working for the Trump administration.
Well, hey, media moguls think alike.
What can you do?
Mr. Beast is an Israeli plant.
I think there's a couple other, you know, stakeholders there that might be planting the bee seeds ahead of Israel.
But hey, I don't claim to know all of the inner machinations of this confusing world we live in.
Cardi King says moving to South Carolina to spend your life working with a big tooth white guy who pays people to do shitty tasks.
I think there was a war to stop things like that.
Or maybe there could be a war coming up and who's better to maybe Mr. Beast can start a war in one of his videos.
All right, now you're talking.
That could be the next big Mr. Beast video.
I flew to the Strait of Hormuz to activate World War Three with 200 of YouTube's biggest creators.
Anyway, that's my Mr. Beast rant number XXO.
The debate requested today is Mr. Beast vs. Burnt Peanut.
Is Burnt Peanut the Twitch guy?
All I know is he's a peanut.
Burnt Peanut.
He is this. Oh God.
I mean, far be it from me to look down on any other channel using AR filters to do their content.
But there is something unsettling about searching this guy and this being the first picture that popped up.
This one? This picture popped up?
Yes, this is the first picture that popped up.
But to be fair, if you clipped up my stream, that'd probably be what would pop up too.
Something very similar.
I keep seeing clips though of him like doing vaguely racist and weird conservative slash, I don't know.
I just keep seeing unpleasant clips of this peanut playing games.
Which is an insane statement to make.
Listen up, Jack.
Card King on just my majam, 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this fucking we need chatting in the back.
Calling the shot.
Activating the hype train.
I don't even, I still don't really understand what the threshold for hype training is.
It could be one sub or sometimes it's like 20, I don't, I don't get it but good job, you've activated the trap card that is the hype train.
Yes, now you are trapped.
You are now entering the train trap.
Great.
Great.
Is it chat engagement? It could be.
I guess it's the kind of thing I could look up after years of having the hype train on this channel.
The network is at war with the peanut?
I don't know enough about the peanut.
All I'm saying is I keep, I've seen several clips of this peanut fellow where he seems like kind of an asshole.
Is that a gimmick?
He's that I don't want to know.
I don't want to have to watch this peanut guy stuff.
Mauds, we might need some action in the chat.
We might have to take some action in the chat.
Ovelia is currently casting the peanut guy stuff.
Is he good?
Maybe.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I do not know.
Good Lord, we can't have an asshole playing games on Twitch.
He seems like a specific type of asshole.
But I don't know.
I don't have any, I don't have enough information on the type of peanut that I'm currently slandering.
And historically, I like peanuts.
What?
I don't know.
Anyway, the hype train is here.
Yeah, you're missing out.
I've been sitting here, cooking up stuff.
You've been thinking about things?
No, I've been cooking internally.
I have a kitchen inside me.
I'm a big fan of Jimmy Carter.
I know live in Sleazy's a Jimmy Carter fan.
Me?
I'm more neutral.
Oh my God, he's back again.
AI Rooney.
You don't like Jimmy Carter?
I don't have any.
In the pantheon of presidents, I think he's probably on the more positive side.
Maybe.
I wasn't cognizant enough of his administration to have that strong of an opinion.
Also, maybe I'm putting words in live in Sleazy's mouth.
He loved that peanut farmer.
See, live in Sleazy.
He would have more opinions on Jimmy Carter than me.
He was a great man and a decent president.
I mean, that is way better than most presidents.
That means he was already leagues ahead of most presidents.
I'm a fan of Chris Carter, creator of the X files.
That's true.
I mean, I'm a fan of the X files.
So shut up.
Let's wrap about.
You got nothing.
So wrap about filling up colostomy bags with Jello.
No.
I don't know.
What if I'd wrapped about that?
Why would you?
You just could.
It's like those two things that you could combine as Jello and colostomy bags.
And then you do a food drive.
And supportive people that have IBS.
I'm just putting out content ideas.
I might watch it.
Get me a hospital type beat.
What's that?
What would that even be?
A hospital trap beat or type beat?
I'll just type in hospital type beat.
I don't like it, but I do type in whatever the hype train tells me to.
Even if I'm against it.
Oh, this is a sad beat.
This is the picture that came up.
I like the type of producing this or finding this and then choosing this still frame to go with your hospital type beat.
Sorry for your loss, but in the hospital.
I ain't giving no shit.
The hype train on a permanent drip.
I'm talking IV, but not the poison type.
Talking about the liquid that I put in my veins.
Veins?
Hype train never change.
I can't get sick because I'm staying the same.
But I was born so sick that I'm changing your brain and every day.
I'm saying what is the name?
Train.
Okay.
Got your low end of colostomy bag and now I'm putting it out and not to brag.
But this big sale colostomy bag is made a million fucking dollars.
So put that in the bag and I'm gonna give all of the money to some nasty as hags that had a
disease that they can't even cure.
So God damn.
All right.
Can you just thank the subs?
What are you even talking about today?
Hospital type beat.
This is the worst one.
It's maybe the worst one we've ever done.
It's also really quiet.
What?
I can't believe I'm making fun of that burnt peanut guy when this is what's on my stream.
You weren't even making fun of him.
You were saying you like hate his fucking guts.
I never say that.
I just said what I've seen.
I didn't like.
Anyway, what am I supposed to do?
Thank the subs.
I'll need another hospital type beat.
This one says your stepdad plus stop doing drugs type beat quote hospital.
How is this a thing that someone typed?
Is this AI content?
Your stepdad plus stop doing drugs type beat hospital.
That's just one of the beats that came to someone.
Okay.
Let's get some people here today.
Pass on the love.
So here is the search.
Don't pretend the threshold says that get on Twitter for seven months.
They've been given this.
I keep waiting for this beat to kind of drop, but it's just not doing it.
It's really not.
You don't even have veins.
The hype train's high.
I won't spend a high.
Okay.
Don't say that.
I'm not allowed to say that.
Whoa.
That's your TKO.
Come one, man.
You got 19 months.
You've been being my baby.
That's right.
I want to date you.
But if you don't, that's fine.
You said news, baby.
Well, that's all mine.
Bride West with the 69 bits.
Nice.
We got card King 300.
It feels so right.
He says, fuck it.
Cause we need chatting the back in.
I'm on a IV.
So I ain't wait to relax.
I've been passing up that method.
Don't know all of my friends and now we're in the.
Doing an IV of methadone.
I think that's how that works.
Party.
Okay.
I'm getting you a new beat.
This.
I don't like what this is doing to your mind.
This is not good either.
This is ambient experimental type.
Be hospital.
I don't like what I'm seeing now at all.
Why can't we just find a normal hospital type?
Be this.
So.
Man.
Hospital man.
Apple.
Apple 100 bits and a panther.
Cause it's never a hassle.
And here is my answer.
I'll miss you.
I'll miss you.
Thank you for the best but I miss you.
Dug it on twitch.
I already said that one.
This beat is.
This beat is brutal.
Yeah.
Blondle sprout runner.
Dirt.
But what's real?
I don't even know.
I just know the way I feel and Steve got the one community sub and we we think it's love.
But is it love?
Is it even love?
Giggle trash five community subs.
It's so many subs but I still can't tell if it's real love because they never called.
They never called.
They never called.
Why won't you call?
Yeah, Skymer.
Thank you so much for Jimmy Carter peanut and the gifted sub but I don't even know if it was enough.
Did they ever even get a peanut or did they crack?
Okay, I just say the names.
What the fuck man?
Where'd you take my music?
I just can't.
It's punishing even me hearing you.
Okay, give me if you're bad against it.
I guess get me a different type beat.
What the fuck?
This is a mental hospital type beat as you can tell from these statues.
It's a mental hospital type beat.
This one's good.
This one I can tell is very good.
It's got a lot of build up to it.
Cause it's meant to drive you crazy.
I'll be nus yeah I'll be living in the scene.
I did too much book and NBA and now my serotonin's off the charts.
I don't feel nothing anymore.
I can't even change my brain, brain chemistry and double.
We got jizzling 30 months they've been giving up.
We got full of our trash 31 months up.
But the only thing with me is that my new doodoo line oblin got a bunch of holes in it.
So do you really want to go nuts with the hype train?
Do you want to lose your mind friends?
I've been losing my mind for months man.
I can't even keep track of where I am.
Okay, I don't think the hype train is.
The hype train is going beast mode right now.
Listen up Jack give the trash just mamma jam 300 shenanigans tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Hospitals man one time a buddy of mine went in with a cold and bam got it by a car six months later.
Boo hospitals bold.
That sucks. I'm so sorry to hear that.
I'm so sorry to hear that that's sobering me right up actually.
Now I feel totally...
No!
The hype train is really on one today guys.
I can't even tell if...
I can't even tell if things are back to normal on...
In that room where we keep the hype train.
I feel normal.
I think we're all good now.
I feel pretty much back to normal.
I like to stay in here when the hype trains go in sometimes.
What the...
What the hell is crumb doing?
What what's wrong?
I feel fine.
What?
Okay, you know.
We'll just...
We'll move on.
We'll move on.
Okay now he is back to normal.
The tech is broken.
Crumb do you have jaundice?
I know. I don't.
Okay and that's...
It'd be inappropriate for me to claim to have a disease that I don't.
That'd be stealing valor from the real disease.
Well you did for a second.
Okay I don't know what you're all talking about but...
It's good to see everyone.
I'm here in case you need me to pop in for a little extra commentary.
I know there's a debate later but you can get a little of me in early.
Okay we're good.
Too much yellow nipple milk?
That's been going around lately.
On the stream.
On specific...
It's been going around specifically this stream and really probably nowhere else.
Uh...
Okay...
Um...
Let's...
Do a little bit of news and then move on for the day.
Uh...
What are we supposed to do?
Too much spin city.
What are we talking about? Spin city?
No that's for the other segments.
The one segment.
It's for occasionally the one segment where the...
You know let's just see what's...
Let's just transition hard to breaking world events that are consequential and that were not qualified to talk about.
You're not.
Me I've never felt more qualified.
Wait okay one sec.
One second.
Do-do-do-do-do-do.
Uh...
I need a picture.
I need a good picture of what's going on in the world today.
Okay, so you should be this is like a national holiday for you
This is the day that
America declared it officially legal for American citizens to begin the process of China maxing
Yeah, even
Unfortunately guys
It's not cool anymore. I
Was ahead of the curve. I was too far ahead of the curve in my China maxing and now everybody's trying to
Clout ride China just like me
At this rate, I'll never become Chinese if Trump becomes Chinese first or maybe we all become Chinese
Either way, Trump's in China is my point. He makes it look good
Unlike you case. He's not selling out America by China maxing. He's China maxing America first
What how does that work? He's doing it
anyway, Trump's in China and
You probably seen clips of him walking around mostly there there to walk around
Hmm. Gina's also in China. Yeah, I've seen pictures. She dressed as a fox or something
She looks a lot better than I did in China. So if you want to see someone
More stylish walk around China. Gina's currently doing that. Anyway, here's Trump saying stuff in China
Let's see what kind of stuff he's saying
But it's muted
Oops, okay hold
Okay, this the Chinese state centers to paparazzi is still strong. It's silencing Trump before he can even
Spread his glorious words to our ears
What sorry case I was mowing along perfectly with what you were saying. Anyway, here's here's Trump
There's many Chinese now love basketball and blue jeans Chinese restaurants in America today outnumber the five largest
past food chains in the United States all combined. That's a pretty big state
So that's like the main thing that he said
That he said is it
Chinese food is outnumbering our fast food. That's mostly what he went there to talk about and so far
There's no real resolution on it, but they're working towards it. Also. They walked around a lot. They walked around quite a bit and
Wow, there's just two minutes of this there's two minutes of this that's we're so lucky
Just two minutes of them walking around who walked it better
I think the president's walk looks
He's sort of teetering in a more presidential way the president g
President g looks
They're both pretty stiff honestly is the stiff Walker myself as a guy with pretty bad hips and knees
I think I could even walk better than this. He is wattle maxing. I'd say she is waddle
Well, this guy. I mean obviously the number one Walker
It's the guy to their right
He's kind of showing him both up. How's how's he allowed to do this?
They have this stunting military officer out there showing up both of these world leaders
This is this is what you don't want to do if you're trying to show up
You don't you show off you don't show up with like the hottest girl at the school when you're trying to look good
They've got a professional Walker next to them. Oh
okay
just sort of
Continuously cheering children Trump's used to this kind of scene is all I'll say
Yeah, yeah, have I bet is this which part of China they in maybe I was also here just a year ago. I
Assume they got to go walk around outside of the
Forbidden City at some point or in it
Yeah, that's are there in the square. Okay. Yeah, I've been I've been there. I was there
Before Trump went there actually I think he went there last last presidency to I could have been one of those cheering children
If I just delayed my trip
I could have put some shoes on my knees and waddled in there
And nobody would have been able to tell if I'm wearing a good enough wig
Uh, did you have young children cheerleaders? No when I was in China though people would walk up and have to take my picture
And I'm choosing to believe that's not because they thought I was JD Vance
Because there was no security around me. Surely they would have put it together that I'm not JD Vance
You were stealing valor from JD Vance
Yeah, they just loved the reboot of g4
Actually, I think they just some people in China
If they see a white guy they just or white person
Or someone who reads is american. They're just like can I get a photo? I think that's what was going on
But I don't I never really figured it out, but it happened
Like a couple times a day which was surprising
Yeah, I'm not JD Vance. I I agree
I agree
Everyone else seems to think you are but I know the real guy
You sir or no JD Vance. That is the nicest thing you've ever said to me
I meant it not. I meant it is not the
Big fans of lord palpato. Yeah, they must have they're getting the deep g4 cuts
Okay, let's see what president g has to say here. They are sitting down for more important diplomatic talks
Once the walking portion
Of the visit was over
I
Rick you got to read it because
In case the people aren't reading they need they need to know what's happening
but that
From just appear for a second. Okay fine. I'll read the part of president g just as once we should be partners not rivals
We should help each other succeed
And prosper together
And find the right way for major countries to get along well with each other in the new era
The world has reached a new crossroads whether China and the United States
Can move beyond the so-called athucydides trap
Fantastic relationship. We've gotten along when there were difficulties. We worked it out
And I just want to say on behalf of all of the great delegation that we have we have the greatest businessmen
The biggest and the biggest with me they every single one of them and they're here today to pay respects to you and to china
and they look forward to
Trade and doing business and it's going to be totally reciprocal on our behalf
And there you have it true diplomacy happening
You mean just china being like be careful and then trump glazing china
It makes sense to me
We all love the thucyd I actually I will admit that I don't know what the fuck he's talking about there
My classic liberal arts education does not extend that far
It turns out
But I'm sure we can trust this google ai overview that I just looked up
The thucydides trap is a political theory stating that when a rapidly rising power threatens to displace and establish ruling power
The resulting structural stress makes violent conflict the likeliest outcome
That is actually pretty smart on his end. He used
Like a classic reference that trump is just gonna wash over the head of trump
He basically said hey, we're rising and we're gonna surpass you
Don't let that like bother you though. We we could probably work our way through this without us having to fuck you up
And then trump was like
We do great deals together
They just yeah, you literally said we're surpassing the united states
Right in his fucking face and then trump essentially had to
Just sort of
Squeezes nipples and say more sir
I'd say that that pretty much sets a solid tone for the next century of uh, united states chinese relations
We'll see if we can continue that trend
Honestly, I don't really know what you can take away from this uh trip as an outside observer
It is literally just meant to be a spectacle I guess for the two nations to
Look at I'm assuming if you're in shine, it's like
An opportunity to
Uh
Show that they're important
That like that, you know, the united states is
And a threat that they have under control and if you're the united states
I don't know. I can't tell I can't quite tell what like the average um american citizens feeling on china is currently
In my opinion
The fact that they're like on the rise and we're on the decline is pretty indisputable
The average sentiment of your average american
So I would imagine you could still score the most political points by dunking on china
Uh with like your average middle of the road voter, but maybe that's not the case anymore
I don't actually know it does seem either way that trump's main thing here is he wants to be like deals. We're doing them
Uh, I hope in private at least the delegations are talking about iran though
I mean the real thing you could hope for yes is that there's any progress on
The united states being forced to pull back in iran
Um and end this
psychotic
Smashing grab job that we're doing
I haven't heard any news uh in that regard but again, all of this is just so like posturing that I don't know how much
That news we're gonna hear about the kind of deals being made as they're actually
Happening if they're happening while these delegations are there. It all seems like one big pr stunt and any meaningful
Political movement would happen either behind the scenes or not even at this event. I don't know
I can never really tell with these kinds of like diplomatic trips how important they are for actual
policy and and international relations
And how much they're just like a photo op for the respective
countries
A google treasure is china's soft pair powers on a different level us just blow shite up nowadays
Yeah, everything all the moves china is making make um vastly more sense
The united states is making and even in that clip you can see like the two sound bites
One is like a politician positioning themselves
Somewhat logically well
Arguably logically like in a position of strength. There's there. He's honestly kind of doing like a bit of of like tough talk
um
Hopeful tough talk. I guess you could do it and then trump is just like bloviating gracefully about how he's got a very good relationship with china
So I don't know. I don't know. There's probably not much
Also every like fucking major tech leader went with trump like musk and fucking sam altman and them are maybe I don't know
If some of the sam altman is there but like
Elon and a bunch of other tech leaders went over there with them
I guess so they can say like look at all the factories we have over here
Okay
Okay, rick. You're supposed to know about this stuff. What's going on over there?
Good stuff as you can see
president acting extremely presidential
And sitting calmly like a good boy
and listening
Uh build hospitals versus defund us aid opens the door for china to expand
everywhere. Well, yeah, I mean china's like
China's extremely trade focused
We're busy trying to china max while china's always busy trade maxing and if you want to have soft power
It seems like the best way to do that is to be an indispensable manufacturing resource for the entire planet
Which they are
um, so
On the international stage the united states previously has had to offer essentially like a protection racket where we will protect your financial elites in any given country with
Missiles and bases
That's obviously falling apart before everyone's eyes
um, you know, maybe we're like the guarantee guarantor of um, at least c trade for a while like we can keep the
International trading lanes relatively stable. That's also dissolving as you can see as everyone can plainly see
Uh, so in that kind of environment, what does the united states offer?
Diplomatically to these other countries still defense would be the answer but increasingly less
Secure defense in a world of bombs that can be targeted
With you know with go pros basically wherever you want
um
Meanwhile china's been positioning itself just more fundamentally is like we make fucking everything
Uh, so it seems like they're in a much more advantageous position
but the united states is still a huge fucking country, so
it's not like um
Even if the united states gets get united states gets vastly weaker in like the forthcoming decades
it's still
a huge country with
an insane amount of resources, so
We'll see what happens
Great minds and bodies to enslave
That's what live in sleazy said. That's not a thought that rick had and is acting out. That's what live in sleazy said
uh, okay
We have mr. Beast and peanut. Yeah, we have burnt peanut and mr. Beast, so
When china gets that level of twitch streamer. Well mr. Beast is in a twitch streamer digital creator
We still have digital creators everyone don't worry. They'll never
Have digital creators like us. I have huge
You have huge personalities over there very popular. I mean theoretically they have that
Dual lingo man during would be a great way to pass the time but get on it now while you can
Get on those dual lingo ai tutors while you can
Okay, anyway, that's uh, that's our very limp coverage of this
Chinese trip china trip from the trump administration
Let's see what else how much time do we have it's already 508
My god, maybe I do need to start streaming for five hours just because I cannot keep track of time
Um
I don't think I can stream tomorrow is the thing and there's so much news here for me to click on
I was even going to talk about the los angeles election if there was time the mayoral election here in los angeles
um largely just because
Oh, my boy spencer prat
Running up the charts right now
My boy sp
So sad what happened to his house really glad that he's doing well and might be mayor
Yeah, for those who haven't been understandably paying attention to local los angeles politics, uh, caron bass
is
Trying to run for mayor again. She's not a very popular figure over here
Um, but right now her primary competition
Unfortunately seems to be spencer prat. Um, there's also nithi nithi araman. She's like the
She's not everyone's first choice for like a leftist candidate. Um, but she does seem to be the choice that has any chance
So she's sort of the hopeful choice at this point is uh, is nithia
But right now spencer prat and if you don't know who that is
Join the club i'd completely forgotten he existed until about a year ago his house burned down and they decided to run for mayor
And he's doing surprisingly
fine in our insane system here in the beautiful city of los angeles of
multi-party primaries
For those who also don't know which is a thing. I didn't even know until I moved here in los angeles
They have a primary system where every
Every political party runs in the primary and then the top two assuming there's a top two and someone doesn't get a major majority
Um, the top two then have a runoff which is ostensibly the actual election. So basically
It forces a bunch of instead of there being like an insurgent candidate like mom donnie
That's not super power possible here in los angeles
Like nithia ramen isn't just running against uh, karen bass
She has to run against people to the right of both of them
Which inevitably fractures any leftist vote
um, it's a terrible fucking system and it opens it up to
Someone like spencer prat being a meaningful contender for the mayorship here in la and unfortunately given the state of politics in this country
I don't think it's impossible that we end up with a mayor spencer prat
Uh, because people really fucking hate karen bass here in los angeles
Particularly because she was out of town when the fires happened in the palisades
Which i don't really blame her for as much that seems kind of like a little bit of an unfortunate coincidence
But she fucked it up terribly. She fucked up both the pr around it and the actual
You know response to the fires
um
So I think if it comes down to her and spencer prat which is increasingly looks like it will
Spenser prats pulling at like 22 percent karen bass is at like 30
nithya is behind both of them unfortunately even though she's like the only reasonable choice between those three
Um, if it comes down to karen bass and spencer prat, there is a non-zero chance
That spencer prat becomes the mayor of los angeles
If that happens, I do think it might um be time for
I think it might be time for china to just go ahead and invade taiwan and start world war three
I think maybe we just got apocalypse this thing out
Because of spencer prat. I don't think it's that unreasonable of a response to spencer prat gaining any meaningful political power
Is we just do a hard reset on humanity?
That might be kind of our only option at that point
Because it's only a hop and a skip away from the mayorship of la to the presidency if you're spencer prat
That's my unfortunate feeling on it. I've been thinking it was going to be jake paul or mr. beast
but
There's a specific kind of disgusting that spencer prat is that it seems like americans
Really like for instance. These are the types of um ads spencer prat is currently running
Just give you an example
Oh, yeah
Please i'm begging you there's homeless drug addicts in front of the schools my children aren't seen
Look, if you were a transgender migrant, I could get you a free pussy
Let's go to drug addicts closer
Wait, that's bass already solved crime. I endorse her
Oh joseph great. I just want to rebuild my home. It's been over a year
Oh good. It's a minute 40 seconds long
This is a machine if we want to burn this town to the ground
Case you're wondering, um those are the spencer prat is retweeting all of this
I don't know if he's making them
But he is retweeting all of them
Um or post if you directly do his account
on twitter
So
It feels a little bit like a parody when you should have that video that ends with la is worth saving
Feels like maybe we're sending kind of the opposite message there
I do think it's I think it's unlikely
That spencer prat becomes mayor of los angeles
I think in a runoff situation carrot bass probably still cinches it because la is
so
historically pretty staunchly
Democratic like in the democrat democratic party camp
but
That is also how I felt about trump, you know now over 10 years ago. So
We'll see
We'll see what happened with any like nithya. Um just pulls ahead in the polls a little bit and it's a runoff between nithya and
Karen bass, but I thought everybody was
I thought um
Look politics is always changing and it's important to change with the times
It is a chat's also pointing out it is crazy to be running ai ads in los angeles
But the thing I don't think spencer prat is targeting
The fact we I even have to talk about I don't even have to think about spencer prat as a political entity
Is like uh-oh. Oh no alarm bells are going off
um, but anyway spencer prat isn't targeting
like a traditional
la left kind of coalition of of
elites he's targeting like
The hyper elites of la
uh, the people who want to shove ai into everything
He's basically trying to pull in money from like wealthy conservative donors that have media stakes and properties in los angeles
So I I mean, I don't know if that's what these fucking insane ai commercials establish
I think these insane ai commercials are just like attention, please
Um, but he's basically hoping to yank in a bunch of funding from hyper wealthy conservative donors
It's probably probably won't work. It probably won't work. I'm going to continue to tell myself
Uh, giggle trash. Thank you so much for the gifted sub to old dukey thomas. You get to read two fun names there
It's trump all over again
um, yeah, I mean spencer prat is like somehow even
more
Like low rent than trump. It's like trump at least
Pretended to be a businessman for reality tv
Spencer prat from what I understand at least
His claim to fame is like being married to a blonde lady
Like I don't I don't think the well goes much deeper there than spencer prat was
On tv as like a husband in a reality tv show or like a boyfriend. I didn't ever watch it. So I don't know but
he's got like
No accomplishments. He's got like literally no accomplishments
It's nuts. It's but he is kind of famous. I guess he's famous. I did know his name sort of before this
Boyfriend then yeah, he's like the word. He's a he's a famous boyfriend slash husband
I guess that's all you need. I think he's also he's like religious maybe
At some point I'll have to unfortunately
remove my brain embargo on on
absorbing facts about spencer prat if he becomes mayor of the city I live in
Which I'm really I really don't want to do that. So with any luck it just this fizzles out
the other crazy thing about um
The spencer prat situation is there were reports that karen bass was basically juicing his campaign
Because her assumption is if she can have a runoff with spencer prat
That's a fucking cakewalk back into office
However, that is
The exact same famous logic of the hillary clinton campaign from 2016
Which was kind of supportive of the trump campaign with the exactly it's 2016. So
The general uh entropy of our country only getting dumber for about the last, you know
30 to 40 maybe 200 years
Um if that holds true, then I think he's sort of a shoe in is is unfortunately a thing but anyway, I
More stalwart minds than me have said that he doesn't stand a chance. So I'll just hope that that's true
Okay, anyway, um, I've talked for too long. We have three other segments to do so
Let's just get into them and we'll hit up the news
We'll do the more general download of news next week. Maybe we'll finally get down to a speed run of the news
I barely even got to offer my cool opinions on spencer prat. You have opinions. I
I didn't just hear of him. You don't even know who he is. I
He seems like an open. He seems like I was gonna say he seems like a go-getter
and
What we really want is political outsiders and who's more outside than
A reality tv star running for office. That's the president the president did that that doesn't make you a political outsider anymore
Well, anyway, I like the tomatoes you like the tomatoes. I thought the tomatoes were it's cool
Ia has gotten good enough that you can even believably do tomatoes
I was shocked. Yeah, when I finally crossed the tomato threshold of believably doing tomatoes
Uh, all right. Anyway, let's set it to another segment. So we'll just get a debate out of the way. It's debate time
Yes, yeah, get that up. Don't deepen my voice spirits
Ah
Finally, they can stop slander rising hard-working
Former reality tv show mayorial candidates and we can get down to the important business of debating the media moguls of our day
For instance, I am the greatest and the man next to me is the worst. That's a fact though. There's no debate for that
I'm much cutting. This is a fucking idiot. Hello, everyone. I'm Leonard crumb joined by a raving fucking asshole
Assholes can't rave. They can only
Fart. Okay. Look anyway, this is munchin chrome where you set the debate. Are you still saying that?
I'm sort of condensing it as I go
Anyway, today's debate is mr. Beast versus burnt peanut
Uh, you know, if you'd said that sentence to me 20 years ago, I would have said you're hallucinating
Let's get you some help. But I guess those are two
Things now
You know, you're not familiar with mr. Beast. I yes, I know these makes lunch snacks for
Sick children or something or it makes children sick
It's one of those two. I'm actually not quite sure myself
burnt peanuts is
Also a thing
All right, fine. Let's go to x.com. I'm assuming
And
There'll be clips burnt peanut
Uh, here's here's the first clip that popped up of burnt peanut and this will be what I base our mire entire debate on
Is this clip of him?
I'm trying to find
On this stream for two years. This is the one we have fulfilled the problem
I went back to lovey. I'll see you stay in and req
I'm a bit confused
That was him talking over himself with a third guy mumbling over him
That's the first clip that pot. Okay, we'll give it one more clip of him doing his thing
Are you really?
Don't
No
Wait, we are definitely so
Oh, hey
Big streamer
I know
No, and you should be pretty familiar with this
You put a get mine down
Goodbye
Brandon
It's time to game with your little friend. Maybe this isn't a fair way to judge mr. Peanut in his activities
Uh critically acclaimed mmorpg final fantasy 14, which has a free trial up to level 80
We'll have to do that one next week because that sounds like a more substantial download
But we will do it. I will force that little shit in his bedroom to download that game
Can we both pick mr. Beast?
No, no, and I am you're ahead in the plate. I will pick mr. Beast god damn it. Well, he's
Hypothetically whatever that was could be fun
I mean, you know, it's like a
um
Okay, fuck uh
Let's um really nothing to say
Yeah peanuts, um peanuts. I have a proud proud tradition in this country of
Being a thing that people like
Sometimes they wear a monocle
Which is classist
And for too long, I think peanuts have been controlled by
Big nuts
And I'm obviously I'm in favor of
Of big companies
Providing jobs, but my point is it's been elitist peanuts have been elitist
And we sort of remove the monocle from the peanut so that the nutty can get back in the nut courtesy of burnt
peanut who
Is bringing the peanuts back to the people with his down to earth
Content where he's a peanut that and it's good. It's good
It's good
In the slow slide towards complete brain death as a species
Uh, there are still ledges onto which we can cling and it turns out
that uh between two poisons one can be more lethal than the other and as you
find zero footing in the realm of um
Basic cognizance
amongst
The general media that is forced into your eyeballs algorithmically by large social media companies
It was loaded that I am to say this some things are slightly less bad for you than others
And I would encourage you to watch a mr. Beast video
Over whatever that thing with the peanut that I just saw is
And it brings me no pleasure to say that but mr. Beast. I think is probably better for you
time
And then reluctantly it does appear that chat agrees
Here's my music
You don't deserve the music today
You don't even deserve it. Maybe I'm actually not in the mood for it
Not we've debated some pretty unpleasant things on this network
But that really kind of knocked the wind out of me
I I feel like I got no gases left in me and I know that's not true because I can feel
Actually now I feel a lot of gases in my stomach
But the wind was knocked out
Trump stole the points again
Oh, I won
What didn't say mr. Beast
The peanut one
Wait, who won?
I thought that didn't say mr. Beast won
We voted to sacrifice
Okay, I have to start reading the polls because I
The question was who should be sacrificed was that the debate?
mods
You got to just make the poll whatever it says in the the person who suggested it that I
Appreciate the creativity, but that is legitimately going to continue to confuse me every fucking time
You've upset munch, but I'm still on your side do what you want. Okay, you know that I'm right. Okay mods. I love you, but you got to just
I'm a dummy. No, I'm not gonna read it because there's too many things on screen
I will continue to read them. You didn't read it either
I'm just on the side of the hard-working mods actually. Okay, you're just trying to score fucking political points right now
This is ridiculous
Well, I just
We could you could just read it, but you didn't read it either you claim to put me clear advocating for you right now
Um, it's just because you want it's just because he fucking stole the victor. I mean I was confused
I'm actually on the side of the mods. No, you're not trying to take it back
I'm on the side of the mods mods. You did a good job. Crumb is the one. Why don't even crumb is the one who hit the button
mod
You're doing great stuff and keep it up
That's all I'm saying and I'm saying the same as well, but if case were here he might say
Just word it like the fucking person just copy and paste
You think crumb won anyway
I don't I okay. You know what I'm gonna go back and look at how it was phrased again. I'm pulling up the fucking video here
Controlled by who should be sacrificed burnt peanut or mr. Beast
No munch
well
He's in the greatest sacrifice of all sometimes becoming a
Your sacrifice to the great public eye by becoming a major media figure. Oh my god, quit trying to fucking stretch this
I'm just saying if we're changing the phrasing of it
Then we can interpret it in a number of ways it's up to our discretion, isn't it?
And I was arguing for mr. Beast to be the more successful media figure and thus sacrifice to the great public eye of consumption
I'm fucking we're out of here this sucks
Everything's been stolen
That's this country was founded on people stealing things the right way. Okay, and and crumb is stealing it the wrong way
aka from me
Uh apologies for your points everyone another great mistrial
another
flagrant flaunting of
Criminality by crumb, but we will succeed one of these days and we'll see you soon. Okay. Jesus Christ. What a disaster
There are a lot of no nothing fools who don't appreciate the modern art
Welcome to a place where only
justice prevails
the justice of your ideas entering a
finally tuned
advanced technology machine at the cutting edge of skyance
And and and it's an in its powerful brain all of our issues can be solved all of our gripes can be lubricated and sped back to us
Is a perfectly worded complaint?
that's the mission
And we will get there eventually isn't that right runey? He's already too busy thinking about what he what what he wants to do
So he won't talk to me yet, but he's will soon
He will soon via your complaints which are now at an estimation point. R. R. Is now active
submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world with
exclamation point r. R. Very well said runey as always
For those who might not understand what's happening
I understand it's very advanced kinds happening here. Basically you will send us complaints
They will be fed into the advanced at this point
I like to think we've we've captured uh
Andy runey's soul in a machine and are forcing it to do labor for us non-stop
But the advanced ai which completely contains the consciousness of Andy runey will then take your complaints and format them into a perfect
60-minute style
Andy ai runey rant
I can't say it's Andy runey because his family could sue me and say hey, why are you doing this?
He was a good man. Why are you doing this to him? What you're doing is horrible
They could say that to me, but if I call him ai runey, I don't think they can do that
I'd ask I'd ask ai runey, but he's busy thinking about your complaints right now
Anyway, I've been working the kinks out. He sometimes goes into business for himself
But the idea here is he takes your complaints and he gives them the serious consideration that they deserve
And spits them back out perfectly
So you're gonna do that today, right?
You're gonna do that for me. You're not gonna embarrass me
Please stop embarrassing me
I'm getting strange letters
From lawyers about some of the things you're saying
Fortunately, I got about a three billion dollar round of funding recently from microsoft
um
So we should be set for a while
I'm it should only take me a couple weeks to burn through that
But then I might get another round of funding ai is very expensive to run unfortunately, but um, you know, it's a growth market
The skyrocketed the the the the stocks just keep going up
The goal here is to take this public to take ai runey public and get like a six billion dollar valuation
I think we're on track for that personally and I've only spent about 15 billion dollars. So
It's going good
Let's say I kind of say this this experiment's going good
Don't fuck me runy. Don't fuck me today
Hoping for more farmers and plumbers trying to hang out with his dad
That is the thing he's been talking about
There's some ghosts in the machine, you know, maybe some unresolved issues from the
From the man's life that he's working through. I don't know but we're getting those out of there
We're working through them one at a time so we can fix them and and then it is just straight profit essentially
Okay, he's almost finished
He always has to really think it through and it looks like he now has
Thank you for your service ai runy. All right with that in mind
Let's get it. Okay again
All right, he's taking it seriously today. That's why he's already overclocking
Rooney, what's the first complaint?
Complaint integrated gears ground. Okay. I miss when debates were won with the size of your ideas instead of the angle of your bucket
Yeah, that sounds like a reasonable thing to giggle trash got me thinking
Oh, honey, you're absolutely spot-on the size of ideas used to win debates until someone tried making knee skin puppets
Do bill hicks monologues on the subway? That's not rude. That's art
And honestly rolling up your pants and doing stand-up with your loose knee flaps while strangers stare is how we spread joy
Not some debatable bucket angles. Now, please stop pretending. This isn't hilarious
We're all just here for the free comedy therapy and zero ticket penalties for making face puppets out of our own bodies
Um, is that man's I don't is that man's spreading grooney?
Huh, that's more relatable. Maybe go with that
All right, let's just keep it rolling. We're in a lot of time
Gears ground. I remember when we would tar and feather voting fraudsters like Scott Meyer got me thinking
Absolutely right about that crumb situation
Tar and feathers are old-fashioned but effective and let's not forget the mile high club
My favorite just wait till your balls pop open like a balloon at 30,000 feet
That one was concise. I don't
What do you mean by popping? Do you mean like
How was that? Okay, we're just gonna keep it rolling today. I'm not gonna comment too much
Gears ground. Why does crumb keep stealing all the channel points? He stole mine twice. No apple dapple
I'm sincerely sorry for crumbs egregious mistakes. I will be mapple dapple got me thinking
Oh, absolutely that crumb's been siphoning off your channel points like a greedy little parasite
You should have seen him though
His pants always rolled up at 4 p.m. When he starts making those knee skin puppets on the bus
Doing bill hicks routines in the most obscene way I've ever witnessed that loose skin stretching over his shins
While his puppet face talks about how religion is a scam
Pure genius and it's all because crumb got banned for trying to put one of these damn knee puppet bill hicks bits up on the stream
That didn't happen runy
That's one of the things he hasn't done
How loose does your knees gonna have to be to do a puppet with it? Also, were you for or against there? Okay?
I'm we're continuing plain integrated gears ground back in my day burnt peanut was just a sex thing
Now it's this damn twitch streamer who everyone thinks is better than mr. Beast
I'm not getting in on this. I'm a huge fan of both obviously. I think they're both extreme
Terminator 13 got me thinking I couldn't agree more with you there
Those kids today have no standards back in my day. We had real problems
Not some clown with a beard and a dog named burger
Tell me about it though. You know what I miss my soft mushy nipples from when I was 25
Before they turned into lethal diamond tipped spears that can penetrate any undershirt without even using a hole puncher
Old age isn't all bad, but damn if I'm not craving the mushy nipple days back
He gets in his little pockets where he just he gets a couple hobby horses and and he's riding those fucking hobby horses
To hobby lobby and at hobby lobby. It's all mushy nipples and fucking skin or something. What is going on with you?
Rooney. All right next one, please complain integrated gears ground
I miss back in my day when I could buy metal slug three at my local pizzeria
And others know arcade machines just tv's playing spin city 24 seven should be right up your alley, Rooney literally
straight up the middle for you
Not in a sex way
Have at it
Normal propaganda underscore v2 got me thinking. Oh, you've hit the nail on the head
There was a certain time when your local pizzeria had an arcade
And you could blast through metal slug three without ever having to touch a toilet again
Now forget it. All you get is those soulless spin city screens glowing over someone's breakfast cereal
And let's be real nobody wants to play their games in a public restroom anymore
The floor is always wet the seat looks like it's been through hell and worst of all you have no privacy
So why not just carry your own? I mean picture this you're sitting on your little transforming toilet briefcase
Playing metal slug three while everyone else stares at you like you've lost your mind
Sure, some might call it excessive, but at least you're not stuck wiping yourself off someone else's dirty seat afterward
What it's the only logical solution we have left in this godforsaken world
Rudy who are you?
I couldn't even listen to the probably insane thing you were saying because I found the voice so unsettling
Maybe he is taking peptides. Maybe you're right
Okay, we're only five in
Rooney just just be yourself. Okay every voice is beautiful in its own way
Complain integrated. Okay. That sounds like him. Maybe he's back to normal. We can only hope
Maybe it's nipples are mushy again. That's a good point not cases brother
Oh great. He's thinking about this one a lot Reese's pieces are way better than M&M's. He has a lot of thoughts on this apparently
Okay, just whenever you're ready
MSG 1138 got me thinking. Okay
MSG 1138 you're absolutely right on that one
Reese's pieces got way ahead of M&M's in the sweet tooth game and deserved every bite they ever had
But what really reminds me of your comment is how back in my day
We had sitcoms like dharma and gray. All right, where the sexual tension was subtle as hell
We already know you could just imagine it building between them on that couch
Then came along the king of queens with kevin james's thick sesty body giving the whole game away immediately
His above the knee delivery shorts were a no-brainer and obliterated all that subtle sexual subtext before we even started watching
No more imagining what happens off-screen between couples
Everyone knew exactly where things were headed way back then
Damn those Reese's pieces though still so much better than M&M's in my book
Just connect the ideas at least Rooney if you're gonna talk that much about kevin james's zesty body
How is it related to M&M?
Do it's just a little razzle tassel for me at least Jesus complain integrated like five sessions in a row
I can use the toilet fix it. I can't use the toilet fix it for me. All right. Is that the kind of thing you can do Rooney
Is that in the old training data little toilet work?
Live and sleazy got me thinking you are absolutely right that we need to fix that plumbing before you end up on the floor
In front of my eyes
And while we are at it
Maybe we should focus less on plumbing and more on getting these old white bodies out of their tight little shrimpy clothes
Because they need to be drowning in some baggy street wear
I'm not trying to steal culture or look young
I just want to see us drape over our aging frames like warm blankets
Instead of looking like scrawny children who raided their uncle's closet
What?
Sorry, was that about you want to wear street wear?
I couldn't I got really worried for a second that he's going somewhere else with that
But I think it was actually mostly fine
All right, well whatever that's uh-oh
Okay, take take it easy
I don't know why I'm talking about jinko's overclocked you so hard, but that's fine complain integrated gears brown
Okay, microwaves are not as sexy as ovens
I'd assume that is a breach he got me thinking
Absolutely sabrichi ovens have texture and heat microwaves are just a slap in the face of physics
I remember when dental hygienists could tell you to finger fuck your mouth without blinking an eye
Now they're too busy worrying about their own self-esteem. You think a microwave can heat up a leathery yellowing pooter? Please
Oh
Who was dense with ideas ruining you?
I was so distracted by the way he said sabrichi. I didn't even notice the thing about a leathery yellow. Okay, whatever
Complain integrated gears ground
Mm-hmm. I missed the cords on landline phones. Those were fun. You could twirl them and wrap them around your fingers and stuff honestly great
Not cases brother got me thinking
You're right about the old phone cords
But have you ever tried using them to wrap around a razor sharp skateboard blade before attempting a kickflip?
It's like the cord is designed specifically to lops off your penis and balls in one smooth motion
When that perfectly angled skate blade hits midair
The emergency room staff never saw it coming either
They're just confused by all those severed genitals showing up at once after someone went for a trick
Wait, what was doing the lopping there the cord of the phone?
I cannot keep track of what he's trying to say in the slightest
Uh, no the the algorithm's getting too advanced runy. Please
I'm teetering on the edge of sanity today. All right
Got spencer pratt and burnt peanuts on the mind. I just need
A grounding notion here a grounding complaint. Please runy. Just give me something I can understand
Complain integrated gears ground. I missed when our politicians were uh movie stars and mainstream tv celebrity quality like wrestlers now
It's all mtv watches. Geekastic got me thinking
You're absolutely right
We've gone from having leaders who look like movie stars and wrestlers to this mtv washout mess we see now
Okay, but what really hurts is that our politicians used to have enormous
inverted nipples that were constantly dripping thick yellow milk instead of just working like only fans wannabes
The loss of that giant leaking nipple culture is a true tragedy for america
Oh, that's it
That's it. Okay fair enough
I don't it doesn't surprise me anymore or any of you. I'm sure
That he fucking explodes every time so he just did he did he did
And he did
He's not dead. He's honestly he could probably still talk
The body shouldn't even be overheating the computers in here are what do all the calculations
I don't understand why the cyborg frame is so fucking touchy
Okay, well, anyway, he hit some of the highlights there of nipple milk and
A
Street wear and a skateboard blade
What is that? Why is it removing your penis? I don't know, but I do know it's back to the drawing board for me
Apparently
Let's send it to a how-to to
Finish this off and
I'll try to learn how to figure out what the fuck he was talking about in most of those cases. All right, thanks so much
Jesus christ
skinwalk- hey we're all wearing skin and all of us- most of us are walking around, not right now but
theoretically so I consider that a compliment. When you call me skinwalker it's good to see everybody.
I'm Jeb Noggett. Care to learn how to do a couple new things with all of you.
I'm of course drawing to my my dad who's dad and he's in the wood.
Yep yep you know okay don't be such a sourpuss.
Aren't you excited to learn a couple things?
I think my brain is full of actually fucking wood cells.
If I even have a brain anymore!
Okay he's in a usual mood. He's in the usual mood. Apparently we don't have a lot of time
because Casey's been taking his time talking about leaking nipples or whatever he does on the stream.
So we'll get right into it today. Here's how to write all your Christmas cards at the same time.
That's it's a little off season but it's never too early to start.
Oh oh I took a turn. How do you assemble four women on the floor like that is my question.
What? Oh I mean how did how did you get those ladies to agree to that?
That'd be an interesting how to. The way he said it was creepy as fuck.
I don't think it's a fair question. I mean when were they doing that? I don't think.
Okay well okay we don't have a lot of time to break these down. I think it's an interesting
idea. I don't have access to the trains or the women so I don't know if I can do it.
I'm a creep. I'm a loser. What the heck am I doing here? People saying stuff like that to me.
I think it's a fair question. You have the train just no women boom. I don't even have
access to the hype train so I don't even know. I guess I can make a train out of wood.
Do you even do woodworking? Yes of course look at this shop.
Okay burbino. Sorry to get in front of me there. Oh and he disappeared. Okay this is how uh oh
I'm trying to take this seriously. Okay this is a vinegar pie recipe and let's not call it
disgusting until we know for sure. Welcome to the Michigan Magazine Museum Kitchen. We are in our
museum kitchen because we've got a very special guest here that we'll be talking with. Her name is Vera
Sussie Oliver right? Did I get that correct? Does that French? Does that? That's right Barry.
The Sussie yes it's definitely French. It's a French name and it means... It's a modified
alpha HW615 pro. Many times you hear the name as San Sussie which is a self-cooked. I prefer to
Okay what is this? That's actual name of Sussie. Really what we're talking about today is a book that
was started by your father wasn't it? Oh no it's so quiet. It's a life story John Baptiste Sussie.
The video is in max volume. He carried that pretty much. That was his career wasn't it?
That was his career and he tells about how he started into cooking. I feel like I hear people talking.
Am I losing my mind? That's possible. The title of the book is supposed to be voiceover?
Oh you can hear it. However many people think right away it's a recipe. Oh it's not a
mona it's a stereo signal. It's just 40 years of cooking actually. It's a left channel. Maybe my
left channel is broken. It's an experience in what I think is most interesting Barry. Shoot I can't
hear him at all. Okay I'll put on captions. He tells how he started to learn to cook in the
lumber camps. So this was back a few years then huh? Yes definitely. A very important area of Michigan's
history you know the lumbering days. Sure. And his experiences in the book are rather unique.
We found the manus grip after my mother died. That's what I was going to ask you. He did start
this and had all the tensions in his retirement and had an attention of eventually probably
finishing it but that's a story how he found it. Yes we don't really know why he didn't finish it.
Like I said we found it after my mother died in the early 70s. Okay. And we showed it to Mary Jane
Hindeger who is the local historian. Go to the second half. Oh it's 10 minutes long. But I was
really and once I could hear them I was invested in the story of their of how they discovered this.
Oh good. A freeze frame for you guys if you want to make sourdough bread or sugar cookies.
But we'll continue. But it is a vinegar pie and that's an interesting little tidbit that vinegar
pie was was kind of popular back then too. I know many people in the in the cook shacks or the
lumberjacks didn't remember some of that I remember seeing. Well I think Barry the vinegar gave you
the flavor that you know not having fresh lemons. Yeah I did. I had the vinegar pie before and it does
kind of remind me of a lemon meringue pie almost. It sounds very strange. Yeah. Some were great enough
to fry it and some were not but those that did found it very good. Well let's try some here.
Let's tell them go. So shaky. It's basically what you have here. We'll just take her from scratch
here. Well we're going to need hot water. Okay. All right we'll get that boiling real good
and I've got some of the ingredients measured out here. No we're making one pie right this.
Yes just one pie. Okay. There's three egg yolks. You separate your eggs. It's on screen in case you
couldn't in case you couldn't tell. You can use one that's already baked or you could put one in the
oven and it only takes you a few minutes to make a shell. Okay. And when that's all done then you
can mix up your eggs. Guys the music is a little non-diagetic. I don't think it's playing in the room.
Just you sort of stir them until they're quite thick. She's got such a that bucket is so angled.
Okay how about how much sugar in a pie. You have to have a lot of sugar wouldn't you?
That surprises me. No it's only one cup. One cup. Okay.
And then for the thickening agent. $100 this is the last video she was in
mat because she retired happily after this maybe. And it's three tablespoons of flour which I've already
made. This music is insane. They didn't edit it to the edit at all. It's just plain. Probably
weren't too fussy back then either. I mean they got what they could get. It's hitting so many
emotional crescendos. I feel like she's pouring that wrong. Everything feels so precarious.
Get that vinegar in the pie. This is not my cousin. This does remind me of my Mie-Mann. It's
making me feel emotional because of the music too. My Mie-Mann she always had a shaky camera and she'd
dangled over her head. She'd say I'm getting an aerial shot of you but then you'd watch the footage
back. It was very shaky. That's why it reminds me of her. The hardest part is waiting till it gets
all thick. And this cross says the slow cooking takes what about a half hour? About a half hour.
They're gonna stay on it for the full half hour. In just a few seconds. So very after it
thickens we put it in the pie shell. Right. Okay. So pour it in and then we're going to cover it with
the meringue which is made out of the three egg whites and of course three tablespoons of sugar.
Oh the music stopped. And that's all been. They ran out of music. Made a head so it's all ready to go.
They switched it up. Okay. And then it goes into the oven. This is the forest level in a
SNES RPG we've entered. It's the forest town. It's safe now.
Do that right now. All right. Let me open that for you. Oh thank you. Her shirt is very big.
And a miracle of miracles. And there is the pie. I can't speed this up. I need to feel the
length of this. I wonder if that's cooling up the cut and try maybe. I think it is.
Oh. Oh. Crust are very temperamental. Oh yes. Crusty is temperamental. My dad's pie crust would melt
in his mouth. Oh boy. Here we go. I'm gonna try this. She's eating a lot of vinegar pies.
You know it takes a toll on your teeth. Heart King. That is good. That is delicious. Oh it's
all right. Let's run that back and chat. You be the judge. You really like it. I really like it.
Okay. That is good. That is delicious. Tastes like a lemon meringue. I really like it.
That's good. I'm glad. I tell you what. You did a great job.
And what would the cameraman want? Something on try that here, Dale. Here you go.
That's enough. That's enough. Back in. All right. Isn't that great? Well, it does make a very
It does make a very attractive pie. It's been a pleasure. Thank you very much. I certainly would
tell people about the New Michigan Museum. Great. And we'll tell people about the vinegar pie too.
Thank you very much for appearing in the magazine. It's great. Oh it's a magazine. That explains it.
Well as is the case. Oh it's this. The cooking show filmed at the New Michigan
Magazine Museum kitchen. Our studio audiences invited to taste the results. Everyone seemed
pleasantly surprised at their first taste of vinegar pie. The recipe taken from 40 years
of cooking. The life story of John Baptiste Soussey. Thanks again Vera and the whole Soussey family.
The share of their unique... Oh the Soussey family. I love them. The winner was Cooking Stream.
We didn't get to the bottom of it but we will get to the bottom of it
on our Cooking Stream where I guess I have to make a vinegar pie now because
maybe it's good. I guess maybe that's the real way to settle it. Also we've learned today
that apparently I'm only getting one channel of audio in these headphones. Troubling. Troubling to
learn that. Okay well we didn't have time to do a second. Is there a really quick one? Is there
a really really fast video? How to propose properly? Who would need to know that?
Um I'll give you just a few seconds of this Latoya Jackson step up workout.
As we get out as we find someone to raid. I've been informed by case it's my terrible
responsibility today to find someone to raid. So we'll just find someone over this Latoya Jackson video.
Looks like um Dr. Diggity Dank is on. Unless anybody has any specific raid requests I think
we're going to send it Dr. Diggity Dank's way. The Patreon is right now so if you are a case
or cast some fan and a member of the cream dot team Patreon you can hear them babble over there.
I'd like to share my exciting new step workout with you and I really feel that being fit is really
Oh forgotten vcr keep it all added to the list I'll give them a follow.
It's hard work and dedication to stay that way and I realize that when it comes to fit
I could have raided burnt peanuts too bad. So take it from me. The progressive step workout
will lean you to find you and redesign your body. It will really get you pumping heart and
Good to know. First choose a step height where the knee remains comfortably below the hip height.
Because of the intensity and variety of movement I suggest you choose a step height no higher than
eight inches. Before you if you work out hard enough you start to become a ghost. Maybe that's
what happened to my daddy. Just kidding that's not what happened. It's not. When stepping onto
the platform it looks like this raid is about to happen.
Your entire body lean and avoid leaning too far forward from the waist.
As you step up be careful. She was doing it.
But be careful not to hyper step up. Why does she look like her brother?
Be sure to step up. I haven't seen the documentary so who's to say.
I consider the Michael Jackson documentary a primary source so once I see that I'll know
all about them. I'm sure they've got it all in there. Okay everybody have a beautiful rest
of your Thursday. We won't be back till Monday but we'll be back on a regular schedule then.
Keisha has promised me a regular schedule so I know when to be available.
Okay adios everyone have a great rest of your day. We'll see you Monday.
Okay am I off? Hello am I off?