Hello, everybody. Good to see you all.
Oh my gosh, look at all these people.
Greg, to you and to daddy, Huey, Keeler, Jay, Money, Gold, Replicant, Doctor, Cool.
I am Apple DApple.
It's good to know that somebody still is Commander Gebs,
Breachy S1000, Uncle Phil 2K.
Oh my gosh, what a day.
I've not really even looked at myself in the mirror.
So this is sort of serving as that for me now, too.
I have to do everything around here, even be the frickin' makeup artist.
That's not true. I do your makeup.
No, you don't.
Is it makeup where I eat food?
No.
Oh, okay, then I don't.
How you doing, Pepito? You kind of, I haven't cut to you in a few days.
Yeah, I've been asleep over here. I have not done a lick of work.
How does this place run, then?
I don't know.
Well, it's good to see you.
It's so good to be a dog.
I believe it.
I'm an artist.
Do you know what an artist is?
It's a person that does what they want.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is Pepito's namesake Madeline?
Have you ever been familiar with the Madeline books or franchise?
Yes.
You are?
I, yeah.
It's about a little pig that learns to talk.
No, that's babe.
It's about a little bird that falls out of a nest and can't find its mommy.
No, that's, are you my, how I, what's are you my mother?
I basically know what it is.
Okay, fair enough.
Pepito was the bad, Pepito was the bad hat?
You ever worn a hat?
I can't, I have a condition where if I, my hair is exceedingly sensitive.
So I don't like to put hats on and also I'm a dog.
We don't wear hats.
Well, sometimes you do and it's sort of cute and people post it.
Don't do that to me.
I refuse.
Okay.
You will have Madeline's, she'll have Madeline, dopamine and party all the
time for my favorite songs of hers.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're all songs.
Bad kids, basically all bad kids just need a good old kick in the immune system.
I asked you for little puppies.
If they come out sick, you got to like nudge them around until they're
healthy and then activate their immune system.
That's what my mother's snake had to do to me.
Sorry, your mother.
What?
I mean my mother dog.
Uh, well, Hey, thanks to all of our top underwriters.
See if you have to have an entity street marine, I worship shadow as
well as our recent subs.
Gerbis tell us the teary eye technician smoke packs and of
course Bushido Jones got too many zooms going on too many zooms.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Oh, now my zooms are broken.
Oh, okay.
Let's see what we're doing today.
What did I decide I would probably talk about?
Why is it doing that?
Oh my God, my zooms are actually out of my control guys.
I don't even know what's happening.
Okay, there we go.
Oh my gosh.
I love it.
I love it.
You just won't zoom in on me for a minute.
It's breaking the world.
Thank you also to some subs come.
Oh my gosh.
Do we have a hype train?
Oh, it already finished.
Okay, we're safe.
It was just a little hype train.
But thank you to Jeslyn for the resub some breechy for the
five bits microphone for the 750 the classic 750 love to
see it.
Jeslyn with the five the fucking five five communities.
So appreciate that very kind as well as entity with the
own the hype train is the hype train actually is going
hype trains been a little hype has kind of been a lot to
deal with the last couple of times I checked in but I
guess if it is rampaging I think you to entity as well
for the subs and skimer for the hundred bits as I lose
my voice suddenly on nowhere.
Let's see.
I guess I guess.
Let's see what the hype trains up to.
This dang train.
Who am I who am I kidding?
I'm always a little happy to see the hype train honestly.
I'm acting like a hater but secretly I'm kind of happy
to see the hype train hype train.
How are you doing?
I'm yeah.
Okay, so hype trains pretty normal.
I'll think you're doing the thing in my voice where I'm
auto-tuned now to you are auto-tuned as well.
I'm the auto-tuned hype train.
That's sort of my thing now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Know if your auto-tuned to this particular suck.
I am and to do exactly.
Uncle Phil 2k.
That's going to do the train stuff.
I'm shitting, shitting, shitting.
It's hard to do the train stuff today.
Hype train, how is this supposed to help people be hyped?
What are you even?
I'm hyping the people up.
Just trying to do the train stuff and I'm fucking
sick man.
My smokestack is filled with pus.
You're sick, then just go.
You don't have to be here today.
I got to come into, I got the hype train summon.
I got to be here.
But my smoke train is actually stuffed out with
train pus, hype.
Train pus, hype?
Yeah, it's hype pus.
Hype pus, pussing out that hype cause I'm sick.
Does this sound good auto-tuned though?
Even if I'm sick?
It sounds, it sounds pretty bad.
The hype train is complete.
You're done for it.
No, I've got tons of fucking energy left.
I feel great and I plan to keep going.
I fell asleep.
I fell asleep too.
I also fell asleep.
The hype train put me to sleep.
But mostly the hype train is asleep.
Now you're awake?
Who's asleep here and who's awake?
I can't even tell anymore.
It's a madhouse.
Okay, let's do a little news I guess.
One second.
There we go.
Now I feel appropriately lit up.
Okay.
What should, oh yeah, I was going to talk about
classic awful real news for just a slight change of pace.
A brief break from penis stories to make us all feel bad
about the actual goings out in the world.
And so let's do it.
You know, I have, um,
trying to remember his name even.
Rick, I have a former CIA agent
who claims to be an expert in foreign affairs.
Who I know have the power to bring on.
What about Valentine's Day dinner?
Kendall wants to talk to her with that,
but she's asleep right now.
But as soon as, if she wakes up,
which I'm assuming she will,
because it's almost four.
She has been asleep all day.
She's just taking a nap.
I'm assuming when she wakes up,
then we'll probably talk about Valentine's Day dinner,
which, you know, was it great?
We had a great time because that's the power of love.
But was it, was it a particularly good dinner?
What was the word?
Okay.
She's awake.
Are you okay?
Are you okay, Kendall?
Hi, Gloss.
That did really happen.
The waiter poured two bottles of empty wine.
He came up with one, poured out a tiny little splash of wine,
and was like, oh my God, I'm so sorry.
He came back and immediately did the same thing.
I was like, oh, I'm so sorry.
It was honestly fine.
It just was like...
You're forgetting that the third bottle was basically almost empty too,
but it did fill it up a little bit.
The third bottle also barely got us over the finish line.
I got the end of three different bottles.
And he'd been drinking out of it all night,
so it was mostly backwashing.
It really was, it was an okay dinner,
but it was priced like a very nice dinner.
I was, I got like salmon and it was,
it was like straight out back salmon.
It was like insanely salty.
Kendall got beef and pinatas.
Oh, what was it?
Well, wasn't it empinatas though?
No, it's tequitos.
No, but I'm saying what was it called?
Well, we've got different tellings of the story.
Well, it was beef rolls then?
Oh my God, now I'm in trouble.
It was beef tongue.
It looked like it was supposed to be that,
but it came as like crunchy-ass tequitos.
Again, I'm pretty like, I kind of will eat whatever.
So I was, I was fine, but I was, I was surprised.
I was surprised at the quality.
I was at a sort of bottomless brunch after we ran out of mimosa.
Oh my God.
I mean, and I'm sure the waiters were fine.
Waiters have to do enough shit.
Okay.
I'm going to wait for Kendall to come back
so that she can just tell you how it is.
I just hear her disagreeing with me to the side.
The waiters weren't great maybe.
It would be, would be fair to say.
One was, one was a little weird.
Kendall ordered the beef and they brought us two orders of salmon.
We both, and we both talked about it for like 10 minutes before we ordered.
So like our game plan, because it was a set menu,
but then some of them had two different options in our,
and our like plan was that we get one and then the other person gets the other
so that we could try everything.
So why would we order two salmon?
We didn't.
We didn't, but the waiter came up and was like,
you did order two salmon, but I'm such a nice waiter that I'll give you what you wanted.
So that was, that's another thing.
The problem, the problem I have is as soon as I start complaining about service or food,
I feel like such a whiner, but it was a little shitty.
Was it expensive?
It was like more than $100 per person.
I guess I'll put it that way.
It wasn't like insanely expensive, but it was expensive enough that you'd be like,
that's probably going to be kind of nice.
It kind of ended up being about $200 a person.
The drinks were drinks.
I won't dox the place at least because Kendall did go there for brunch and it was,
and that was good.
It was a good adventure and it was on a rooftop overlooking a beautiful tequila ad.
One of LA's most beautiful tequila ads.
The sultry sites of downtown LA.
V&A service is always not great in my experience.
That's why I usually pick a different day to celebrate.
Well, I get to see it feeling you kind of have to convert your usual kitchen
into more of like a mass production factory because you're trying to turn over a lot of people.
You want to maximize Valentine's Day profit.
You know, DJ music wasn't there.
I was trying to see if I could see the studio from where we were,
but it turns out we're actually, if you look behind me,
we're like sort of far away from downtown LA.
We're kind of like off to the side a little bit.
Actually, this was in Hollywood.
Maybe DJ music is in Hollywood.
So the worst customer service mistakes come down to,
well, you are wrong, but here's what we're going to do.
Yeah, I mean, that was the vibe.
Normally I'd be like, eh, there's a chance.
There's a chance that I just said the wrong thing and we weren't like,
actually we did say this other dish and you're wrong.
It just was a weird energy of like,
probably she was just burnt out from serving like 400 couples in one night.
She was like, okay.
I mean, I wrote down the right thing and I've never made a mistake, but okay.
The mistake was you.
You are the mistake just so you know.
And she would be right 90% of the time.
Anyway, I'm glad that I'm saying all of this,
all these banal human complaints over this particular story.
Let's read some probably not good news using the power of,
oh, Smokepacks with a rage.
Thank you Smokepacks.
Hope you had a great stream.
Let's bring in our boy Rick, our military and foreign affairs expert.
I guess we could call him former claims to be a former CIA agent.
We'll see.
Rick, how you doing?
Well, it's good to be back case.
It's good to see everyone in chat.
I'm going to be representing some intelligence on this network.
I thought you were a professional, Rick.
I am.
I am.
That's a joke.
I respect what you do here.
Okay.
Well, anyway, if you forgot me.
They did.
You forgot I sort of do kind of an intelligence expert.
I've worked closely with the United States government.
How close?
Like sleeping the same bed close.
I sleep in the same bed as the government.
What?
I'm saying I've worked intimately with the United States government.
So I could provide a little expertise here.
My name's Rick.
What's your last name?
You don't remember?
Do you remember my last name?
They're asking for me to sing some Isaac Hayes songs,
which I'm happy to do.
Let's get it on baby.
Oh, I did not think your singing voice would be like that.
What do you mean?
Sultry?
Let's get it on.
Last one, baby.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
That's Marvin Gaye.
Shoot.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know any Isaac.
Isaac gets it on.
Yeah, baby.
Isaac gets it on.
Well, can we just talk about the...
You're trying to talk about a serious news story.
Could you maybe let me get to it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Do your thing, man.
I will.
Why are you sitting so low?
Does the case also work for the CIA overseeing Leon?
You worked with Leon?
Oh, yeah, I did also work for the CIA, actually.
So you're kind of no big deal to me.
You got to work with Leon?
Well, I sort of bailed on him.
I got distracted and he's been trapped in a castle
for seven months now.
You're the reason the president's daughter is still missing?
President Biden's secret daughter?
Dude, you're leaking tons of state secrets right now.
Oh!
Whoopsie, Daisy.
I'm just making more jokes.
Are you in trouble?
No, why is this?
Fine.
Can we just talk about some news?
Now I have to read this.
Okay, that's fine.
Israel raids main Gaza hospital as Rafa concerns grow.
This is coming to his courtesy of Reuters.
And I know this is never easy to talk about,
but I do respect, you know, our governments
and our ability to make decisions.
So I'd just like to preface this with,
I know this probably won't sound great for certain sides,
but just keep an open mind and remember we're doing our best.
That's your advice?
Keep an open mind.
We're doing our best.
We're doing our absolute best.
And just remember that as I read this.
The death toll on Gaza rises to 28,663,
but you have to remember that's courtesy of the Gaza Health Ministry.
And?
And I just want you to remember that.
Why? No.
I was just reminding you to remember that.
You just read it, so why are you reminding us?
It's just a reminder to remember that.
Just keep that fact at the front of your mind as I say everything
that this is from Gaza sources.
What do you say like that?
That's just how I pronounce it.
It's the American pronunciation of Gaza.
Okay, Rick.
MSF says its staff have fled the hospital.
One staff member detained.
Detained.
Not the other D word.
So that's probably as close of a win as we're going to get in this story.
Jerusalem, February 15th.
Israeli forces said on Thursday they had raided the biggest functioning hospital in Gaza
as footage showed chaos, shouting, and gunfire in dark corridors filled with dust and smoke.
In the hospital.
Israel's military called the raid on a Nasir hospital precise and limited
and said it was based on information that Hamas militants were hiding
and had kept hostages in the facility with some bodies of captives possibly there.
So good news Hamas, Hamas called that lies.
But that's who's calling it lies.
Hamas?
Hamas called that lies.
And Israel said precise tactical hospital strike, which is basically like surgery but with guns.
So it's in a sense more hospital stuff.
Because it's a surgical strike?
Yeah, I mean if you're doing surgical strikes in a hospital you're basically doing the hospital stuff.
You sure you worked for Central Intelligence?
Yeah, I still do. I did. I did work for them.
Health authorities in the Hamas run Palestine enclave said Israel had forced out dozens of staff patients
displaced people and families of medical staff sheltering in the hospital.
But again this is courtesy of the Hamas run Palestinian enclave.
You keep reminding me of that.
Yeah, but I just I think it's so important to have all the facts.
Some 2000 Palestinians arrived in the southern border city of Rafa overnight while others pushed north to Del Air Bala in Central Gaza.
I said that right.
You sure you said that right?
I studied Arabic.
The war began on October 7th when Hamas sent fighters to Israel killing 1200 people.
And it's so important every time you cover this story to remind people why this started in October.
And why they're still, they still unfortunately just have to protect themselves from the incursion that we're months out from
by still killing thousands of people every couple of weeks or every week.
It's so important to remind people that there's a reason they started doing that and that the reason is that it started right on that date.
And that that date should always be brought up.
Well, you're certainly reminding us, Rick.
And it's important to do that.
So I will keep it to keep saying that like kind of on repeat, sort of like I hit a turbo button for reminding everyone of October 7th.
Israel's air and ground offensive has since devastated tiny crowded Gaza killing 28,663 people.
Also, mostly civilians according to the health authorities enforcing nearly all of its 2 million inhabitants from their homes.
But the good news is that reporting is coming from...
Oh, that's actually Router saying that.
I was going to say that was coming from the Hamas run Gaza enclave.
But I guess that was from writers.
People say I've got like kind of a classic American look.
So is that cheering you up?
No.
In a new operation, the Israeli military said it carried out an airstrike that killed a Hamas commander.
Oh, they got him.
And that's what makes it all worth it at the end of the day is when you kill one guy.
And you're like, hey, sacrifice.
It's about sacrifice, but you achieve the goal and they got a guy.
They got one of the guys.
A commander.
They got a commander and they've been wanting to get a commander for months.
He also held a captive female Israeli soldier who was executed by Hamas the military.
So definitely not executed by any stray explosions that are happening everywhere.
Separately, medical officials said an Israeli strike killed three Palestinians in a car in Gaza.
They were their identities were not immediately clear.
But again, it was that's coming from Gaza.
So they were it's just three.
It's three God three cries of people.
Rick, I've you really don't have to stop talking.
Just keep you just can keep reading, I guess you can keep reading.
The Israeli military said a soldier was killed in fighting in southern Gaza, bringing its total loss since ground incursions began on October 22, 235.
And just remember that both sides are suffering here.
I mean, you can't really weigh the value of of a human life against another.
So really any loss is kind of equal.
I think it's safe to say both sides are losing the death toll on both sides is equal.
Well, one, it seems a lot higher, but you can't really measure human life that way.
Can you?
That's really dark, Rick.
I mean, I do agree with you in an abstract sense, but come on, man.
Come on.
What?
I think I'm making a pretty sick point.
Actually, I think I kind of just think I kind of just made a really sick point.
I don't think it's that good of a point, Rick.
Does anybody remember my last name?
No, he remembers your last name, man.
Anyway, Medical Charity Medicine San Frontier said Israel Scheller,
Sheldnassar Hospital in the early hours, despite having a total medical staff and
having told medical staff and patients they could remain.
And I'm not stumbling over my words because this is all horrific and impossible to parse.
I'm handling it just fine because I'm an adult.
You're really convincing us, Rick.
Thank you.
Medical staff have had to flee the hospital, leaving patients behind.
It's set on social media platforms, adding a member of its staff, was detained at an
Israeli checkpoint, set up to screen those leaving the compound.
And so in a sense, they're, you know, they've set up an infrastructure to check on
who's escaping the death.
And that's important for safety of the people outside of the area that are also
being ruthlessly bombed.
You got to get better.
If you're trying to do propaganda, you just have to get slightly better at phrasing it, Rick.
I'm doing my best.
Fighting at the hospital comes as Israel faces growing international pressure to show restraint
after going to press offensive into Rafa, the last relatively safe place in Gaza.
And then, you know, it keeps, it just keeps, it keeps going.
I really probably shouldn't because you get the idea and the idea is,
we've got to do what we've got to do.
That's the idea.
That's just it's stuff.
I mean, look at the adults are in the room.
They're making the difficult decisions.
Sometimes the most difficult decision of all is, God, I'd love to watch the Super Bowl,
but I should probably start bombing Rafa today.
And they did.
And they still are.
And that's the truth.
They're difficult, but the truth is so important.
And the truth is a moving target.
And to really hit the target, sometimes you have to unload a full arsenal
on the truth target.
And that's what we're they're doing with our careful support.
And I think it's important to remember that.
That I also let me preface all of that by saying everything I said was courtesy
of the Gaza health ministry.
That's Hamas run.
Everything you said.
I mean, the things I don't didn't like that I said, which was more than I
meant for it to be.
Okay, Rick.
Well, I don't really know what we got out of this, but we did a little check
in at least and it was pretty depressing.
Well, is being informed ever really depressing?
It turns out, yes.
Oh, well, shoot.
Well, hey, just don't let this color the.
Hmm.
Oh, I thought Kendall wanted to say something.
Oh, maybe Kendall wanted to say something and I could stop talking.
No, she didn't.
Hey, well, from all of us here at bin, I just remember your
government's doing its absolute best.
It's all in this.
It's as tactical as it can be.
They promise and they promise them being Israel, our beloved
sweet ally that we love so much.
And I'll be back to fill you in as needed.
I'll come back in a couple months until then just don't think
about it.
See you soon.
Not soon.
See you eventually.
Sorry, guys.
I mean, you know, did I sign a tiny contract with CIA to
have Rick on?
And did I slightly exaggerate my numbers when I talked to the
president?
None of those things can be proven.
So I don't know.
Big Brandon posters.
I should have asked Rick about dark Brandon, but he just
immediately helicoptered out of here straight to the
DJ New Zeke's roof straight into the Black Tuck
helicopter onto the next Twitch stream.
Depression.
Complete.
Yeah, that's just now.
Now I can still claim to be doing a new stream as I
immediately rush head forward into Dick stories later
today.
Do do.
All right, let's see what else is going on in the world
today.
They put the ceasefire charge in your brainstem too,
didn't they?
There's my brainstem is mostly clear shape shifters.
My brainstem is 90% immaculate and clean.
Let's move on to news that's not really news.
Rating a hospital is pretty dickish.
Hey, I didn't say it.
Card King said it.
I don't want to say anything controversial like
rating a hospital is bad.
You know what?
It's Thursday.
It's Thursday and I think the only way to sort of
clear the unpleasantness of talking about actual
news out of the air is to watch a bunch of
trailers.
So let's send it over to Trent, who of course is at
the movies with no thoughts at all.
I can guarantee it on international politics.
It's time for Trent at the movie.
Yeah.
Okay.
There we go.
Invisible arm was creeping in.
What's up everybody?
It is in fact your boy Trent.
Good to see you all.
I don't even watch foreign films.
I'm pretty sure of.
I've definitely seen shit with subtitles on here.
Like do I seek out foreign films?
In a sense yes, because I click on links and
some of them could be foreign.
I don't even check beforehand.
X-Men 97 trailer.
Asking you shall receive.
And I'll receive the gift of saying hi to Chris,
I guess.
Chris fucking burps.
What's up with that?
Hi.
Good to see you young man.
I don't know why you burped.
It's a little gross, but it's a weird way
to intro me as well.
It's good to be here.
I just can't, sometimes I gotta let it fucking rip.
All right, let's see what trailers,
well let's see what trailers is here.
Are you having it?
And your isn't what's going on young blood.
I think you're a little young for that.
Nah man, sometimes I'm just like such a rebel.
I don't even give a fuck about talking at all.
I'm like, I don't know.
I'm just wondering how you talk.
Truly a rebellious spirit young blood.
It's a request for the X-Men 97 trailer.
I do have it queued up here.
Happy to send you your way young blood.
Yeah, let's fucking do it.
All right, check it out y'all.
It's X-Men 97.
Don't get confused though.
It's not the 90s.
It's unfortunately the 2020s.
Let's see what's up.
I can't watch it on a little TV.
In my TV, that's crazy.
We have to stay vigilant.
The professor entrusted us with his dream.
No matter how dark it is,
we must believe in each other.
We get this done by working together as a team.
Jeez, Bob.
Keep buzzing in my ear.
To me, my X-Men.
Magneto.
The last will and testament of Charles Xavier.
Everything he built.
Now belongs to me.
I didn't know Magneto was a fucking Vegas magician.
But it makes sense.
Like, he could do some pretty crazy tricks probably
because of his magnetism powers.
Like, get that guy some white tigers.
He's looking fucking,
he's got a fucking vibe at the end there.
But that's kind of,
I think Magneto's had long hair in many instances.
So, he's kind of always looked
like a Vegas magician, young blood.
Now, he used to look like fucking Gandalf.
And now he's a Vegas guy.
But times change.
And sometimes the time changes backwards.
297.
And this is kind of cool for me
because I didn't realize that, like,
the X-Men had that kind of ancient history and lore.
Going all the way back to fucking 97.
Dude, that's fucking decade.
It's like fucking centuries ago.
You had to write the first time.
It's decades ago.
It's not that long ago.
Dude, 97, like,
I was just a thought in my grandpa's balls at the time.
And your grandpa's...
I saw it like so fucking long ago.
It's hard to even fucking think about it.
Like, damn, 97.
It's really not, I mean, 20 years
to give someone your age,
which is unclear.
It might seem like a long time,
but it's not that long.
It's so fucking long.
Everybody surprised anybody's even alive
who remembers to tell the stories
of the ancient X-Men.
But also, is that like a follow-up
to X-Men 97?
Are they just redoing the cartoon?
I don't know.
And there's too many continuities in my head
to even care.
Yeah, that's kind of true.
There's so many different X-Men continuities.
There's no point just
see Wolverine and smile
and just accept that it's probably
canon to something.
As long as I know that it's canon to something,
I feel safe.
Otherwise, there's no canon at all
than when am I even fucking loaded up
with my fucking gunpowder to block, block, block.
You know what I mean?
I don't know what you mean at all,
but let's just keep watching trailers.
All right.
The sympathizer,
official teaser, too.
Sting.
Official spider horror.
Knox goes away.
I don't know what this has me curious,
because who is Knox
and where are they going?
Okay, wait, this trailer has almost no views.
So that means it might not.
Godzilla times calm.
Stop making you feel ancient.
Wait,
do some people in the chat remember
X-Men 97?
That's crazy.
It's not that long. You could be
in your 30s.
What?
Like near death in your 30s isn't that old.
Dude, I'm fucking there's no way
I'm lasting that long.
I'm already I'm kind of an elder teenager.
You're well, that's true
because you're really stretching the bonds
of teenage there.
I just don't even intend to make it to 30s.
Dude, I want to sort of live more like a hummingbird
lifestyle fucking flat fast and die instantly.
Well, okay.
That's a little dark young blood, but maybe we just
we watched the Sasquatch
Sunset Trailer.
I think Case already watched that.
Well, I'm not him, so that's not my business,
but let's watch something else anyway.
Well, there's something here called trash humpers.
I'm curious
what that
well, you're not
you shouldn't have said it out loud because now you know
we got to watch the Trash Humpers Trailer.
I don't know what this is
and I'm a little concerned, but okay.
I'll click on the Trash Humpers Trailer.
This better be fucking good because that title
is a lot to live up to.
It's a harmony movie.
Like it's a song.
Julian Donkey Boy
and Gummo. I know some of these guys.
Murdered at all
In a loft about doodle da da.
Oh my God, all these fucking
accolades are breaking my brain.
Wait a minute.
He's living up to what it said it would be.
Oh, shit. Okay.
Dude, I was afraid they wasn't going to hump trash,
but like respect they fucking did.
I can't deny that they
did hump trash, so
the prophecy was fulfilled.
I mean, I would love to check that film out.
I love any shit that looks like it could have been
filled with me and the boys.
I also know several guys named Gummo.
And
of course, I love
of course, I love my boy
Julian
Donkey Boy.
You know, Julian Donkey Boy?
Yeah, man, I'm
yeah, don't do my boys. Yeah, man.
I've fucking been a huge ass fan of
my boy Julian Donkey Boy for years.
And I'm just glad to see
he's finally getting a share of a fair shake
in a shot at films.
How do you know Julian Donkey Boy?
We used to burn down tents together.
We'd check if people were in them
first, but we go to campsites. We'd burn down
tents because it's like a prank, dude.
If somebody leaves their tent
unoccupied, you just burn that shit down.
That's really horrible, young blood.
I should remind you I'm your parole officer.
Technically,
I guess you should tell me things like that.
But as a friend, I would tell you like maybe don't
tell me stuff like that.
Why that I love pranks and that I'm a mischievous
guy. No, what you're doing is like
burning down people's homes.
No, it's like not homeless campers.
Like it's like Robin Hood.
I'm like Robin Hood. I'm stealing from
the rich
by taking away their camping joy, burning down
their tents. Okay, well, I'm just going to pretend
I didn't hear any of that because he fucking
hate fun, man. No, you're what
that's so illegal, man, then sounds dangerous
and terrible.
God, this guy doesn't know how to have a good time.
Well, I'll show him how by picking another trailer
myself.
We've have seen the fall guy, the thunder
man's return
the thunder man.
Um, I didn't realize the
thunder man left.
I also don't know who the thunder man is.
Let's check out the thunder man. He's back
and maybe he's better than ever.
I don't actually know what he was like.
There's no audio. Oh, I muted it.
Sorry about that.
Oh, shit.
Max, let's bring the thunder.
These are some Paramount Plus
level
onscreen effects.
Pray the T-Force must be fired.
Oh, you got to be kidding me.
We're back in Hiddenville, baby.
Thunderfab.
Oh, I remember this because I'm young.
We're going to high school.
We get to be around other teenagers
and get a well rounded education.
I relate to this because I'm in high
school, I swear.
We'll begin.
We have to get our jobs back.
I'm going to anger.
Seek shelter.
Won't some superhero save us?
Thunderman's reporting for duty.
Oh, good. The thundermen
are here.
It's been a long time, Max.
Oh, shit.
It's Max Guy.
Say yes to continue. No.
Great. Let's begin.
Looks like cases stream.
Max and Phoebe are in mortal danger.
You're such helicopter parents.
Made the world a little safer.
Isn't that what it's all about?
All right, Maximators. That's today's live stream.
Sorry, there was so much Phoebe.
Fucking God, dude.
Dude.
It's a classic move.
I fucking love that shit, man.
Dude, sometimes when someone's really fucking
fitting to piss me off, I'll be like,
hey, my boy,
my boy Dominic Donkey's fucking here.
And fucking, it'll start fights.
Like, I've almost, I've almost fucking
got sent to the hospital over starting
fights over that shit. Being like, yo,
my boy twist is over here.
On the Instagram live and shit.
TikTok live or whatever is the young or young.
It's even awfully invested in sounding
saying that you sound young, young blood.
No.
Was that the fact that you're completely
unaware of what the thunder
thundermans are?
Can you feel insecure? I'm
familiar with the
nostalgia aimed at people my age
of the Thundermans.
I honestly don't know who, which generation
is nostalgic for the Thundermans.
Current 15-year-olds,
current 20-year-olds.
All I know is the Thundermans
have returned.
But also, they're
in retirement and then
I think then, again, they're back out of retirement.
Unclear, but the Thundermans
are out here with some
shockingly low effort
VFX.
Which I think this stream should probably be in
support of. Why are you saying, why are you talking
shit about the VFX
of this fucking sick stream? No VFX
needed. I'm 100% practical dude.
I'm practically the fucking best to ever
do it. And that's why I just watched three
trailers like it was nothing.
You certainly did watch three trailers.
Will Smith is Popeye? We gotta
see that. Is what the hell is there a Popeye
trailer featuring Will Smith?
You're glad you got Paramount Plus just to ignore
this? Wait, is this
real?
This looks like it's CGI.
This looks like it's AI generated.
What is it?
I don't, I'm gonna click on it, but this
might be a, I think this is a joke?
I can't tell.
Let's just watch it and find out.
In a world
where spinach is mightier
than the sword.
Okay this is an AI trailer.
In the heart of the sea were a strong
sailor sails
riding through the waves
of a thunderous roar
discover the uncharted horizons
where the world reveals wonders
who faces the challenges.
This is a, I can't
wait for them to show an actor
in this real trailer that's real.
Oh this movie's got crazy
effects that can be from any
film. Almost, they're so good.
They're so good you can put these in almost any
movie.
Whoa, that's Will Smith?
Oh my god, Will got
in fucking shape and he might've
become a little
white.
Dude, that was kind of beautiful.
I'm like in tree
Whoa, whoa, whoa, calm down.
That's, that's like
dude, I like it when they don't give away too much
because like, I felt like I was going to get pulled into the
world of like, there's boats and maps
in a tree. Well that was, I think
largely AI generated images.
What?
Dude, that's fucking scary because that was
almost, that's an AI generated
trailer. Well, young blood
I mean, it's just they put some shitty
moving AI sort of images
in there. Shitty man, they look fucking sick.
That's scary dude.
They're coming for everything. Even trailers?
Dude, you really like that.
Dude, I couldn't even tell that
that was fucking fake
and had AI images in it. Really?
Yeah, yeah.
Fuck man.
Shit, that's fucking, wow.
Okay, well that's four trailers. Yeah, that's like
I'm fucking tapping out dude. I'm fucking exhausted.
I did like, I basically did overtime
today and that's crazy because I'm
honestly too young. There should be labor laws for that kind
of shit. But I'm fucking keeping it real
and I'm fucking, I'll never kind of stop
being me and that's honestly probably
because you fucking know what it is. I'll see
you next time.
Pop I zigzags between different periods
of time.
Yeah.
Who knows when that movie's even
set. Could be a modern
era of old looking maps
or an old era of modern
looking maps. It's
a movie mostly featuring shots of maps.
And I'm excited for it. I haven't seen enough
map, enough map based movies. I mean
Chris thought it was an AI trailer but I think it might just be
a real trailer featuring lots of sweeping
shots of the same map.
Pop I is getting plowed by Bluto while
Olive Oil sleeps with her son's friend.
Is that the plot?
Sleeps with her son's friend.
Yeah, I think that's the plot.
I think whatever you just said he always sounds
about right. Make that movie.
They made a Pop I
movie back in the day.
Lest we forget.
I don't remember who was in the Pop
I movie.
Oh wait.
Oh it was freaking Robin Williams.
Wow.
How time flies.
Completely forgot that that was even a thing.
But yeah.
Robin Williams and Shelly DeVall.
It's a porn.
Not quite a porn yet.
Not quite.
Oh my god.
There we go.
That's what I was trying to do.
The set is a tourist attraction.
Or was it?
I mean I've been to Universal enough times.
Did I miss that they're using
Pop I on the universal
lot tour ride?
Did I miss it?
The Pop I shorts were great. I honestly
I think I
have barely watched Pop I.
I'm trying to think of like Pop I
movies other than knowing that
Bluto and Olive Oil exist.
I'm sort of drawing a blank.
I've definitely seen this movie.
And I barely remember it.
I'm also for some reason in my brain
conflating it with Cabin Boy.
Which is a very different movie.
I remember Cabin Boy a lot
more clearly for some reason than the
Pop I movie. It's on 2B.
Oh thank god.
Don't worry everybody. It's on 2B.
It's supposed to be a third
animated film that was supposed to be
released where I'm assuming Pop I
is voiced by Chris Pratt.
The fact that Chris Pratt is voicing Garfield
even though I don't care about a Garfield
movie does still blow my mind
that they really went with Chris Pratt
for Garfield.
I'm not a Garfield purist.
Just saying the vibe is not very Garfield.
Will Smith and Cabin Boy?
I mean
Will Smith is Pop I sounds kind of
appealing honestly.
Maybe this weird CGI
trailer
will finally get things rolling.
Also this is a thing
that exists on the internet.
I think it's important that I show you
that someone felt the need to debunk
this Will Smith Pop I poster
on the local news.
Oops I haven't muted.
Social media claim we are looking into an image
you may have seen going around on social media.
My stream actually looks about this good.
A new movie starring
Will Smith playing the iconic cartoon
character Pop I.
According to the accompanying
post the Warner Brothers blockbuster
is due to hit theaters in June.
But don't start making plans to see it
because this one is fiction but
the post originated from
a Facebook account that describes itself as
quote 100% satire
and fake news.
That hasn't stopped people from voicing
their opinions in the comments.
They got us.
A quick online search shows no evidence
such a movie is in the works.
If you would like to submit a question to us
just go to tenus.com and click on fact
or fiction.
We'll be right back.
I think after seeing that
they need to let me do the local news
for like just
pick a kind of small county somewhere
and I'll just be their local news.
I honestly think after seeing that
this looks just about as good.
I think people might not even notice
and talk about their local news.
I'll just do it from this set.
I'll even rename it.
I'll change the name from bin.
I can cut their I can reduce their cost
so much it'll just be one guy.
Sorry it'll be 12 guys
but that are all so poorly paid
that it's like it's one guy.
Just throwing it out there
any local news station.
I'll bring you get me and Pepito where
we're a group deal.
I need a producer.
And no one works as cheap as you.
I don't care what money is so that's probably true.
I will be an asset.
You can read?
I still can't read.
A debate has been demanded.
Chaka 42,000
do you have a particular debate in mind?
Either way we'll send it down there.
Crumb has been sort of MIA
he's been sending his siblings in to do his job for him
but I think it's time for Crumb to face the music
and get back to debating.
Also I think we need to update the score.
Come to Florida and do the news.
This would be a weirder stream
if I was only covering
some county in Florida's
local news probably.
Okay well let's debate.
It's a relaxed news day.
Little Taka Gaza
atrocities, little debate.
We're getting it all in today hooray.
Well let's get in some Munchin' Crumb.
Yes.
Give it up for me bringing that camera.
Good to see you all.
Come was fun. Come.
Come and plum.
Plum is allowed. Come.
I'm not sure if he's allowed.
Unfortunately this man was allowed to come back to his post
not that he deserves it.
Fucking me.
Even worse than your siblings somehow
I don't even know how that's possible
but you have somehow managed.
You're back despite everyone's
desires for you to definitely not be.
What do you have to say for yourself?
Goddamn son of a bitch.
Good to be here. Good to see everybody.
Daddy's home.
Daddy's home six.
Crumbin'
to
the reunion.
That'd be the name of the film.
Jesus Christ that took you way too long
to think of that terrible idea.
Daddy's homie.
Daddy's homie.
I could be the daddy's best friend
in a new series called Daddy's Homie.
Anyway better Popeye, Robin Williams or Will Smith
who's the topic of debate.
Also because I'm not
a
improprietist buffoon
I'll say good to see you again much.
You know what? I take it back.
Send your whole fucking family.
Send your fucking nutty professor ass family
where everybody looks slightly like you
but at well better honestly
you're the worst looking of the bunch.
Send your whole fucking nutty crumpet
professor family over here.
Send your fucking tears with a knife and fork.
I'll fucking spit him out into my fucking
tobacco fucking mug
and then I'll fucking splash it on your head
like the fucking high school alpha that I am.
Never return.
I'm sort of ranting now.
I remembered how much I hated you as I looked at you
and it's good to see you as well.
Don't you fucking over look at you.
You're smiling. You're smiling to see me.
He's happy to see me.
I'm not fucking. I'm not smiling.
Look at him. He can't get the smile off his face.
I can smile at you.
I'm mad. Look at him. He can't stop.
This is a beautiful
show despite crumbs visage.
Well, there you go.
Beauty wins out even in the face of your face.
Yes, but based on that sentence.
Yeah, exactly.
I smile at the thought of beating
crumb in the next debate. That's true.
Actually, I think I'm owed a couple of points
because it's written in my contract
when a family member wins.
I get the point. No, those points should be null and void.
Those points don't exist.
I believe we back to back
it and I won two
in a row.
So I think I get I think
courtesy of my family. I get two points.
How is that?
Is there any kind of judge?
Does a judge exist?
Can we call a fucking attorney?
Someone confirm if this is
fucking
this is fucking accurate.
It's accurate, daddy.
What's your fucking daddy mean?
Weird ass daddy comments.
Okay.
I'll say daddy.
74
only 11 away
from summiting
the most treacherous mountain of all.
You've had a good run,
but you can only be on top for so long
and you're about to be a bottom.
I'll be a fucking power bottom.
Even if I'm on the bottom, I'm on top.
I could crush a penis without
power of a my bottom is my bottom would
fucking buck someone off of me back into the wall.
Okay.
Well, I'm sorry.
I wasn't trying to make a homophobic joke
and I didn't receive it as such.
If I was a bottom, I'd be the best fucking bottom
in the world. I'd be the top bottom putting
me back on top. It's impossible for me to be
a literal bottom,
but a sexual bottom. I would crush it.
Okay.
Don't be so fucking compliant with me.
You got to give me a little back and forth here. I've been dealing with fucking
the genetic
dittrius of the fucking Confucius family
for a fucking week.
And this is the best you got. You're a buffoon.
Oh my God. Fine. Whatever.
We're debating Robin Williams versus fucking Will Smith.
Will Smith. New blood.
Well, come on then. You've just
signed your own. You've just signed
your own death warrant, my friend.
You think Robin Williams is going to lose to Will Smith?
I could just
play a Robin. I could play Robin Williams as the
genie instead of debating and I would absolutely
wallop you. Yeah, you could
rely on copyrighted material
that you don't own to fucking
fucking try to win over the people
because you're a cheat and a sneak thief
and a failure.
God damn it.
Will Smith because I'm not afraid
of defending the truth that Will Smith would be a more exciting
choice for the time being
and also the only act, the only choice
because one's unfortunately passed away
and then let's just fucking do this.
Okay, well, um, why don't
I just put it this way? Uh, who's a more
beloved classic
comedic actor?
It's actually debatable. You piece of shit. Will Smith sent
a ton of classic comedies in The Fresh Prince.
He's played
a fucking genie just like Will Smith.
I mean, Will Smith played a genie just like Robin Williams.
In fact, you can say Robin Williams
unintentionally passed the mantle to Will Smith.
It's only appropriate that Will Smith takes
over all of his roles now. I mean, once he
has done the genie, you may as well do every single fucking one.
Oh, who's going to be
a fucking, um, nano-nano-ing
and, uh,
Centennial, man? Yeah, Centennial fucking Smith.
Just out of respect, Will do every
single one of Robin Williams' roles.
I'd be curious to see if it's like a fucking Mr.
Beast challenge. Will Smith, the top of the video.
I did every fucking one of
of Robin Williams' roles. I'm also Will Smith.
You wouldn't watch that fucking Mr. Beast video?
What are you even talking about? A Mr. Beast
video or debating if Robin Williams should be
Popeye or who's better?
And it's obviously Robin Williams. Hey,
Robin Williams actually did it. Robin Williams
played Popeye. Will Smith is
in an AI-generated image
of Popeye. There's no, it's not clear if he's
even interested in the role.
And can he even do the voice? The voice
is not important. As he proved as the genie,
he brings his own Will Smith flair to it.
Yeah, it's going to be a different take on the character.
It's not going to be like,
this is not how Popeye fucking sounds.
Oh yeah, how does Popeye sound?
Yeah, that's fucking the same as me.
You do it the same as me. That's not true.
Mine's way different. Listen to mine.
No, it sounds like this.
See, yours is lower.
No, mine's more accurate.
Yours is just a fucking, you're just
making a stupid voice. This is not all like Popeye.
My sword's exactly like Popeye.
Really fucking listen. I'm Popeye.
You did your voice at the time.
You did your voice at the time.
You did your voice at the time.
You did...
Jari was getting a little red there.
I wasn't. My color will remain consistent.
I looked good the whole time.
Well, Robin Williams is definitely going to win.
And he did.
It's not over yet?
It's not.
It's not over. There's still time in the poll.
Are you seeding victory?
Are you done debating just cause you got tired?
No.
You're scaring the chat. You're scaring the chat.
You got overheated. I'm fucking cool as a cucumber.
I'm not out of breath okay I'm just a little I've my family's been here for a
week maybe you can cut me a break I'll cut you no fucking breaks I'll cut your
break so that you drive off the road into a fucking ravine as the car
explodes your very last thought is shit will Smith would have been a better
Popeye well the numbers don't lie it's a bit of a foregone conclusion even
though it was a longer pole than average I think it's safe to say that Robin
Williams when I fucking win and that happens to be crumbly
bowl really straight back I'm not on a losing streak because at this point
it's just so clearly rigged you made no points you fucking came in here soft
ballin like your fucking soft spongy hand soft spongy brain soft spongy body
weak mind weak fucking spirit weak fucking weird headed god damn it this is
insane that's my creed you burden me with your can't open if I'm fucking chill
people like the vibe you think your chill arms just happen to be fucking
chill as hell and people like the vibe don't skinwalk me only down by 10
this is crazy they're only voting for you because they want to see change it's like
the fucking it's like the presidency it just flips and flops back and forth
because people think the other option is gonna be more exciting I can guarantee
the other option in this case is it's just so obviously worse you work me on
top well we're not running for president actually technically nothing
changes when I take over however I'd like to point out that in a sense
everything changes you're just saying the opposite thing back-to-back
well you haven't one fucking yet you're actually down by quite a bit well I'm
done by a little bit less and let me prove it to you right now 75 man alive
don't laugh it just rhyming a word you fucking idiot they already talked about
it it was too expensive in the waiter kept drinking all the wine okay she's on
patient's bad date well the date sounded like it was good and that the
restaurant just had lackluster service on that particular evening I happen to
be in supportive way it sounds like you're against them I've never been
against me I never shed anything against me I think your point needs to be
your point needs to be taken away for slanderizing all the hard-working
waiters out there but I think see I did my out you didn't say we should take away
your point because you're talking shit about all the hard-working waiters of
the world I didn't what one incident bad service does not mean and I'm against
all waiters these anti-wait are exactly propaganda how does it feel to know
that your support is just slowly draining away hmm like a leaky raft you're at sea
off the off the yacht it's sunk your pleasure barge has sunk to the bottom of
the Atlantic and you're clinging to a leaky raft and that's your support base
and it's just you know it's gonna sink oh it's so close the raft is almost
full of water it's barely buoyant how does that feel much I fucking burp on you
don't you don't you burp on me that's so rude that's disgusting why does that
smell that way what did you eat today I fucking raising canes breakfast lunch
and dinner six days in a row I've been eating raising canes what the hell
sponsored by fucking post Malone me and my boy post we love raising canes six
days in a row my inside is entirely fried chicken right now and that's what
you're smelling plus the sauce why do people eat that way out there's no it's
like all meat sir it's the same fast food restaurant you're all killing
yourselves maybe I can't be stopped maybe I'm challenging my body just to see
what it can handle it turns out everything is what it can handle everything
everything another one what's all right that's all the time we have for today
I'm making the executive decision I'm done with this man get this get us out of
here chat you're on thin ice you're on thin ice do I still like you yes for
now but you keep testing me can away that's just there's no way we should even
there should at least be teenagers separating us a healthy teenage difference
between me and crime that's crazy not that he's ever won not that the score
isn't totally fake but still but I'm of course doing fine I'm doing great we've
never lost a day in our lives I'm steady still winning and I'll see you all
soon bye bye everybody it's getting hot in the studio today let's get a little
did it again my accident I keep hitting the button I keep hitting the button it's
so close to me I feel so close to you Jeff so close okay boom there we go
something oddly similar about those two I say the same thing all the time but
they just can't get along mm-hmm all right let's see we do let's do it one other
news story a new story something else and then I don't know I'm talking like this
okay what else is going on in the world today but Peter you want to pick a news
story for us okay let's see Rachel doll is all lose his job how's that one okay body
builder eats these four sticks of butter a day that sounds fun that would kill you
Papito why shouldn't it kill him too I mean on a long enough scale you'd think
yes I'm curious I want to try this can you start feeding me four sticks of butter
a day please I cannot do that Papito I can't do that in good conscience even
Fiona would be mad at me over that one come on just give me at least two stickies
of butter no butter Papito no you're a dog you don't need to eat butter I sure I've
never had it I don't even know if I like it but I like the sound of it if you can
find butter yourself then all this has Peter he's got so much butter in the
walls don't go in the Peter walls it's not safe back there I don't know what's
going on back there don't don't okay okay easy to convince um learn about this
butter man let's learn about a butter man I've been you know chat chat feels like
he'd want to talk about this and he's already sitting next to me so we'll
just we'll make it easy on ourselves chat you got anything to say I got a lot of
shit to say I sort of never have not I'm never really at the loss for words is
sort of my deal I just say you know let's learn about butter boy I'm fucking
I like don't knock it like I know that sounds unhealthy but like bulking is a
real technique you got to go through bulking phases to go through to get
into the honing phases if you don't bulk then you've got nothing to tone
mean I guess that makes sense exactly chatter and butter perfect combination
that's what I like to hear propaganda and accurate a little chatter on that butter
I'm about to sprinkle a little bit of news on top of these facts not the same
shouldn't that ideally be kind of the same thing no news is like facts plus
facts plus me okay we'll hit us with some of those facts plus then shut I will
I'll do it easily oh shoot this is the Israel story bitch I could easily cover
with a lot of like sincerity that I could really bring a lot of my sort of unique
personality to the story in a way that it honestly helps but I think it's it'll
talk about getting a block of butter I eat a block of butter a day my physique is
much leaner now Adkins bitch that could be it I guess the old Adkins logic
cutting carbs just eating fat y'all you need his butter if you eat enough of it
oh shit this Curtis the New York Post and let me just read this first line to you
he's on a roll oh nothing from you are you made a fucking stone I know you're
not with that punchy-ass body you're a butter boy I do eat some butter a British
bodybuilder is doubling down on his decision to eat a daily brick of butter
to improve his body's function and subsequently avoid being hangry and
butter is only one part of 28 year old Jonathan Griffiths aggressive eating
plan the door the door sit angle in the man puts Rocky Balboa to shame by
scarfing down 1.5 pounds of meat half a liter of raw milk for ounces of cheese
and four eggs a day twins reports SWNS I said that it's just read it is one fuck
you man my first meal of the day is way raw milk cheese milk and cheese the 242
pounds six foot one Griffith said those are respectable fucking measurements
dog six one two forty six like respect man I can see that that sounds kind of
heavy six one two forty six how much do you weigh like but I can tell that with
him it's mostly muscle like you probably weigh like 500 pounds or so you're
like what's 511 check that's way off I know and I'm just sorry I was never good
at the carnival guessing game and saying this guy sounds swole quite a
heavy chap I need a lot of food he explained Griffiths who dodges fruits and
vegetables like they're the black plague notice the carnival died on YouTube in
2020 never looked back and that's important for dieting is never think
about it again even as experts have warned against the regimen but fucking
proofs in the pudding baby and that pudding is 100% butter look at him he
looks great he looks um it doesn't look like he eats four sticks of butter a day
but he does and that's why you are a fool and look he's even got sort of the
blue lives matter version of the British flag I think that's what that is
just I'm just saying that's how I see it it's more eating to function rather
than eating for enjoyment I still enjoy food but I don't have that craving
probably because his insides have been so lubricated by butter everything is
slide straight through it's like a fun house water slide you put a fucking
anything in there and just totally smooth in the mouth two minutes out the
back that's the kind of shit you gotta aspire to if you're really trying to
make gains years ago when he was young bodybuilder at 14 griffs endured a rug
being do spinal injury that led to spondyliocesis spondylio I can't even do
spondylio lees this lees this lees this yes spondylio lees with this you sound
like a fucking idiot I do learn to read man a condition that occurs when bones
with vertebra slide out their proper position young he had a spine fusing
procedure in December 2022 and claims his eating habits are helping him through
the recovery I have less pain and stiffness in my back and I'm able to
move more freely and comfortably my performance is better it's better with
butter griff is shared well he didn't say that last part but he should have
because damn that it's better with butter and he's eating butter yeah yeah
that's nice mm-hmm oh shit that's him dude that's not a fucking broken spine
pound and four sticks of butter a day and he looks like that what's your excuse
case I don't work out but what's your excuse I don't work out and that's why
you never will anyone experiencing any health issues should have started this
diet yesterday he added additionally he says the special diet also helps
ward off cravings griffus who used to feel guilty and sluggish after a
chocolate bar after all but that chocolate bar had too many carbs and
the butter he were fat which is good for you it doesn't sound at all right but it
is butter it is haha instead he'll now enjoy a butter bite snack by melting a
brick of butter and freezing it oh that sounds so good he'll eat it later and
pretend it's chocolate even putting in the fun festive molds butter molds that's
this is honestly pretty gross oh shit John Gunshade had an expert request let
me double check on that for him legendary Yankees public address announcer Bob
Shepard um let's yeah of course Bob Shepard mm-hmm but we'll look him up and
suck as soon as you're done with the story chat and I'm basically there
because I'm actually quite a speedy reader the interview is on the discord
so we're good to go then Griffith says he undergoes blood tests often to
ensure he's not developing issues from his unusual eating I don't get bored of
the diet I maintain a much leaner physique much easier and I think it is goes to
show like just eat whatever as long as it's one thing and that's all you eat I
don't even think he's saying that shit that's my mom the entire percent I'm
like on a full cow and pig meat diet that's two different things now but
they're both basically they're both farm animals so I'm on a farm animal diet
it's just you're just eating tons of meat yeah exactly it's all farm meat I'm
on a farm meat diet that's almost every meat shot it's the same thing that it
said basically all this farm meat and this by the way I look so good I could
pop my shirt off right now I basically look like that guy you sure your
shoulders look kind of small compared to your head excuse me he's coming from
this guy that's coming from this guy my shoulders look small compared to my
head I've got a perfectly proportioned thank you very much all right prove money
wear mouth yeah where's that money mouth now money mouth is right here and it's
spitting fucking hot sauce you want to see me get fucking swole I'm kind of
curious check you want to stand up for us show off that body what that body do
I'm not are you really asking me to do this right now you want me to stand up and
show you how fucking good I look a little bit just a little bit yet I think he's
doing it I think he's doing it but I also can't quite tell he's taking his shirt
off really slowly chat here I'll play some music for while he done while he does
this oh wow oh my god shut what now fucking haters oh wow oh yeah oh my god
yeah check this out don't cut to I'm mostly behind the desk I'm on my knees
but oh wow shut you look incredible I'm fucking huge dog I take it back to pop
your shirt back on your intimidating me too much I put it on fast you look
different you're put your face looks a little different while you're posing
well once I really let the muscle out kind of changes up the whole look I have to
keep myself contained you ever read Baki the grappler no I know you have check you
don't need to explain it well there's a guy who keeps his muscles kind of
contained so strong that if you really let his muscles out it'd be like as big
as a city and I kind of think of myself that way it just an example for a
Baki the grappler fine fine fine fine anyway they sell the news for now what
to you saw today was not an illusion it's hot it's hard work but also what work is
is the news because that's what I do but also that's its facts which is what I
reported but the main story don't get it twisted is not my abs which are not
twisted up there shredded and bye hmm okay well that's chat I mean there you
have it for six a butter day I don't know the keeps the doctor way but it does
somehow keep you with abs if it's all you eat is for six a day
hmm could actually send the interview of Bob right now okay let's see what this
guy's up to back feed not see oh there it is okay hmm visiting the site all right
let's check out this interview might not watch the whole thing if it's real long
we'll poke around at least oh it's 12 minutes we might skip around a little
bit let's see what our let's see what our friend Bob Shepard is what is work
repertoire is repertoire is like oh thanks us thank you for the sub okay this
from 99 two years after the X-Men the older we get the more we mourn the
passing of familiar anchors to our past the neighborhood diner the downtown
movie theater the old high school the old high school principal and the more we
mourn the more we celebrate those places in people that remain for three
generations of baseball fans who seen players change uniforms and teams change
cities with dizzying speed that anchor is not a place not a face Bob Shepherd a
voice yeah I gotta do news really these guys get the news Yankee Stadium 4 p.m.
I'd like to get the closest seats to home plate that you got okay more than
three hours before game time and the good seats are going fast that's the
guy we got two little kids here where's Bob life and limb or at the least a
ripped garment in the hopes of winning an autograph from a pinstriped hero and
they really set the scene for a while in 90s news okay doll take care meanwhile
some 19 miles away in Baldwin New York Bob Shepard says goodbye to Mary his
wife of nearly four decades and heads off to the stadium all right I take it
back I'm gonna have to watch this whole thing
Grand Slam it was a great great shot Bob and his friend Herb talked baseball
throughout the 45 minute ride until they arrived hell yeah Bob and Herb it's
where Bob Shepard works not one in a thousand fans would ever give Bob
Shepard a passing glance Bobby except for his fellow workers his face is
utterly unknown well but his voice burning to my brain that voice Bob
Shepard is the public address announcer for the New York Yankees but for
generations of New Yorkers he is literally the voice of Yankee Stadium he
has been doing this work for 49 years and in a ballpark that honors its
heroes with a monument park in deep left center field Bob Shepard is a living
monument to a game that surrounds itself with tradition one kid said to his
mother are all these people buried here and I kind of love this Bob Shepard has
been here for a lifetime of memories he won't say how long that lifetime has
been but he was it feels like CNN this is mean because he's I mean he's old I
don't I'm not trying to insult old people but it does have the vibe of
visiting my grandparents at the retirement home and for some reason CNN
is like let's give everybody that experience we're just gonna let we're
gonna make you listen to his stories but you know hey respect the guys seems to
have a long and illustrious career let's keep going college 70 years ago on the
other hand he does deny personally knowing Abner Doubleday but this much we
do know when he came to Yankee Stadium Harry Truman was president and Nikki
Mantle was a 19-year-old rookie Yankee first baseman Tino Martinez knows the
meaning of that voice Yankee Stadium Yankee Stadium his voice his voice it's
the voice just fits this whole stadium a little bit the raucous fans before they
caused a forfeit of the deciding game for the American League pennant oh my god
look at all these raucous young fans protesting baseball okay and it was
Shepard who this spring marked the passing of Joe DiMaggio by recreating the
lineup of the 1951 World Series Game 6 we announced it the last game ever played
look at him go darts through the park and into his car for the drive home tomorrow
there's another game he will be there with one wish I would love more silence
I would love the the pastoral picture that we used to have maybe Norman Rockwell
would paint the picture of coming out to a ballpark like this what sitting back
and just watching the game oh it's on the fan I remember when phones used to just
send and receive calls and baseball games were totally silent let's practice right
now yeah that's the quiet news right there okay well Bob Shepard a legendary
announcer for the Yankees unfortunately died in 2010 but we do have him anyway no disrespect
Bob but we do have him so let's bring him on sorry I just have to make sure I've got the right
to cease well-respected baseball announcer this seems close enough yeah well what about
this nope that's not working oh that's also not working okay okay sorry just give me one
second I'm just gonna go with this one didn't work why is it so hard to okay
whatever this will be fine um okay he's no sunny hush I can ask him about that
um so anyway Bob is joining us now a dearly departed Bob Shepard of the New York Yankees
thank you so much for being here um it would legitimately be an honor thank you for having me
young man sound great you sound just like you're at the stadium I am there
there oh you're at the stadium still never laugh never will okay um sounds like you had a really long
career any moments that stand out oh yeah back in the day when when baseball was really baseball
you don't feel like the game is really baseball anymore I remember I once watched
loo looble corn cob hit him hit a six-pent pitcher straight down the side rocket
and no scoreballs were pinched what those are just classic baseball terms
you kids wouldn't even remember now with the game you play
wow I'd never heard of looble corn cob oh one the starting lineup of the Duluth pinkies
the Duluth pinkies they were one of the best teams in the log what we used to call it the baseball
log carve your name in the side of a log and whoever carved their name deepest was a team
that year that's classic baseball okay I see some pinky fans in this in the scrolling paper
chat that paper scroll you got going anyway I remember when jopel donovan grabbed three
base bats at once and that's the bat that you've got to keep on the base they don't play that way
anymore he took three at once they threw a live rabbit at him and he knocked that sucker one stadium
over a whole state away little kid caught the bunny's skull because he blasted it to bits
and that was what we used to call a triple bunny down and I'd never seen anything like it but the
game's changed okay well sounds like you have you really you really have seen a lot of eyes seen
you ever seen you ever seen six german girls piled under the same bicycle you can see all their
ankle they used to do that at the at the mid-time show we'd throw pennies at them I do old guys on
the stream always throw pennies at people we'd throw pennies at the six german gals in the mid-time
homeball show they'd be grabbing those pennies they'd be laughing we'd scream go back to your
country kraut but it was it was fine back then it was fun and games it was just move on from memories
huh okay um any you mentioned you the games are too loud do you really fans totally silent back in
the day unless it was the mid-time show and you'd be respectfully silent we'd spend a good hour in
prayer before the game we'd take a break to eat a mackerel sandwich on cracker a sandwich you mean
a cracker with mackerel on it pickled mackerel cracker sandwich
thin crackers you got to be careful with them or the mackerel that's on your hand
oh stadium quietly eating them you could hear the collective crunch but we'd be careful and not
be too loud everybody would start making their own jam we're about three hours into the day now
the games opening prayer starts separate from our personal prayers good 30 minutes there
then we take a break to repeatedly sing the national anthem quietly whisper now if the whole
stadium's whispering it's basically shouting so you could hear it but we'd be quiet ourselves
then the silence referee would come out and that's a big procession this all sounds reasonable
and he'd say he'd say but he wouldn't curse sorry he wouldn't curse he'd say and we
and what and we couldn't we couldn't hear him because he's too quiet so sometimes there's a prank
the little boys they go okay but but he couldn't hear them because they're also whispering that go
on for another hour we're about five hours in now and that's when we call the first punt hunt
he used to have punting and baseball back in the day we'd bring out a we'd bring out a kicker
he'd have to kick a silver ball you have to kick it with his bare foot and if the foot didn't break
first first bat went to the the home team's children all the kids had come out
they're well behaved back then the kids would play a full game of baseball and that was to
decide who actually got to go first which if the if the home team's kids won the home team
went second so those kids would try to stand back at the whole time and keep in mind seven hours in at
least now total silence the majority of the time nobody fell asleep okay that's that's an American
game right there that was when it was a classic American game and then that then Joe DiMaggio came
and he that was a boy right there what a guy what a what a man to watch him for
they're gonna watch him forever okay well um just ask Chad if they have any questions
what did you throw at Jackie Robinson oh well he never played for us he did
no we wouldn't I think you were you were calling games in like the 60s you shouldn't be this old
he wouldn't I don't think he would have played I don't I don't think he played for us no he
definitely did I don't think so okay um he was out by the 60s I was calling and I was calling
by 10 I used to work I worked it we used to put kids to work okay if you considered
running for president absolute but uh I don't know both parties are so liberal nowadays
you know I'm not sure you're Bob Shepard actually I I feel like this is slander against Bob Shepard
some of the things you're saying no I mean I'm Bob Pepper you're Bob Pepper that's what you said
right I'm Bob Pepper Pito come on I'm Papito now oh my god what happened I'm Papito huh what
Pito what did you do I didn't do anything what did I get the wrong guy I think you might have
gotten the wrong guy yes I think you might have gotten the wrong guy oh well again I can't read
I feel like if anything that's on you guys that's probably true it's a little bit on me for
employing a dog is my producer so fair enough I just like to say that I am the right guy I'm
Bob Pepper I'm proud to have called uh for the new jersey the new jersey uh gumballs
78 years young and I didn't have decided to run for president
okay well sorry gun shade um you gave me Bob Pepper I'm so sorry gun shade the first I I I do take
those um did you take those calls for an expert seriously but I think it's it's only he's only
not here because he's dead I'm right here young man and I'd appreciate a little respect sorry
Bob Pepper but anyway I guess you're a legend of baseball yeah baseball okay well um
sure it's not a gumball rally you're saying the same thing gumball baseball it's all a ball game
you know the stream is breaking down I'm gonna have to I'm gonna wish you good day sir
good day Bob Pepper thank you so much for being here I didn't even notice I don't even get where I am
I believe that all right thanks so much for having your Bob Pepper remember
shut the fuck up when you're playing baseball I'm done I'm done with you kids shut up shut up
we've heard enough from you shut the fuck up sorry about that Bob Pepper was a little aggressive
next time's gun shade I'll get skeleton the skeleton of a beloved figure to slander
um okay thanks to Bob Pepper uh and shout out to Bob Shepard who seemed like a sweet old guy
who I just won't you know I have a policy of just not googling anyone who was born in 1910
too carefully so that we can continue to like them okay it really wasn't missed opportunity and that's
that's a thousand percent on me that's also a little on Pepito but but people like Pepito so I
can't really blame him I'm bulletproof you can't stop me yeah okay shut the fuck up that's a Bob
Pepper quote right there nice okay let's um time is it 149 it's how long I've been streaming so we'll
do like one more segment Jonas dog is bulletproof that's true I actually think I might literally be
bulletproof I've never been shot so there's no telling it might bounce off let's not find out Pepito
it's my guess that I would just be fine okay did we have a debate requested oh we did but I think
we did it unless there was a second one called I don't think there was so I think we're good
meaning it's dealer's choice let's do a more story let's story it up I so rarely actually
cover three stories I may as well see if I actually can I'm believing in myself I can stream
for two hours and cover three stories Chernobyl wolves are immune to cancer let's get Jeff in here
haven't talked to Jeff in a little bit I mean he popped by yesterday very briefly but
loud ads on Fox business I want to oh my god there's too many news is playing
stop at Fox ooh they have a video okay now I'm extra intrigued
all right up who's welcome to the desk it's Jeff Ripple that's right and don't wear it out or do
wear me out baby I'm Jeff Ripple and I'm ready to wear the news out with you good to see you case
wow that's very nice of you you know I'm I'm in a good mood today I sort of had a I've had some time
off the work schedule here is very unclear well you know say um if I get to it work schedule
it's unique anyway apparently um there's mutant wolves that are immune to cancer
I'm pretty sure that counts as a superpower so I'm just gonna say there's superpowered wolves
is that a stretch how realistic do I need to be I I'm not sure anymore from working here my new
standards have dropped sort of to the bottom of the barrel so am I allowed to just say there's
superhuman wolves I can't stop you there's superhuman wolves oh that's the wrong thing
stop showing the wrong thing case you fool it's not me a Chernobyl's mutant wolves developing
resistance to cancer studies says and we've got a little we've got a little video okay well that
seems unrelated but this is just it's just Elon Musk news yeah did you click on an ad oh well
anyway we're here to talk about mutant wolves so we'll have to do this later Elon although
this sounds like the kind of thing he might like wolves in Chernobyl's radiation zone appear to
have developed a resistance to cancer after being exposed to high levels of radiation in the wake
of the nuclear disaster 35 years ago according to a new study everybody was so up in arms about
that thing and I remember saying just wait maybe we'll get superwolves out of it you weren't
alive then Jeff yeah but that was my response when I heard about it in school you were confident
that someone would develop superpowers based on every cartoon I've ever read yes Carol Love an
evolutionary biologist an ex sorry ecotoxologist wait ecotoxicologist dang it I'm getting dumber
from working with you that's very possible it's happening ecotoxicologist at Princeton
University found that the wolves in Chernobyl exclusion zone Cez have altered immune systems
similar to cancer patients undergoing radiation treatment according to the society for integrative
and comparative biology in 2014 love and her colleagues put collars equipped with radiation
dosometers or dosimeters for the layman we just said it wrong the first time I didn't
dosimeters on wolves in the area and took blood samples to understand the animal's responses
to being exposed to upwards of 11.28 milli ram of radiation per day six times the legal
safety limit of radiation for humans and I just like to point out does it sound great that she
was nuking wolves with radiation it does if you love science and are you against science case
uh might be against radiating wolf type science but it paid off because they're superwolves now
the research could help to identify protective mutations that can increase the odds of surviving
cancer with the slight downside of giving some of the wolves cancer but you know you gotta
irradiate a few wolves if you want to make a superwolf omelette you love your omelette
metaphors or you do wolves in the Chernobyl exclusion zone are being exposed okay we just
read that Chernobyl is known for its brutal environment following the 1986 explosion in fire
at the Ukraine power plant that sent radioactive fallout spewing into the atmosphere and was
honestly a great show you ever watched that really incredible performances almost makes you
feel like the whole thing had sort of a dark beauty to it that was your takeaway from the show
well i mean it's just such a beautifully filmed show with some great performances
30 workers were killed in the immediate aftermath while long-term death toll for
radiation poisoning is estimated to number in the thousands that's not current news that's
Chernobyl news from the past nearly four decades after the accident a range of wildlife
populates the region including bears wolves dogs and linux sorry i thought it was the operating
system but it's lynxes you thought the region was populated by the operating system for a moment
and i'm being honest that's just a bit it's kind of dumb before russia invaded ukraine in 2022
scientists and researchers had begun to study the adaptations that wildlife had undergone
through living the high in the highly radioactive area scientists have said the research could have
wide implications providing insights about how animals and humans can live now in the future
in the regions of the world uh sorry i have to three stooges myself when i mess up providing
insights about how animals and humans can live now and in the future in regions of the world
under continuous environmental assault and in the high radiation environments of space and that's
the news that's the whole i read the whole thing good job jeff i read the whole thing take that all
these other pretenders to the throne reading i read it faster than anybody it's a low bar
here but you did read that story faster than most of my other reporters and don't anyone ever forget
it please we didn't read the comments let's check in with the comments you have to wonder how
much we don't know about the world around us i remember when milken eggs were bad for us
when they told us to duck under our school desks in case of a nuclear attack etc maybe it's just me
but i think the general population is better equipped to tell us what is good or bad for us
than our government and the talking heads employed by the msm and i couldn't agree more never listen
to talking heads make up your own mind that's what i do and then agree with me because i thought
about it and i made it my own mind i also only report the fact so keep that in mind you just as
usual said everybody on here just has two different things back to back but if you think about it am
i saying the same thing that's that was from um jane v jam v 1942 that's a great year to be born
one of my one of the best years to be born some people say boomer i say keep it booming
again case we need to appeal to an older demographic the whole look here is really like it's for the
olds and you gotta lean into that i think we're i think we're i think we're young
and we're disruptors yep i eat eggs every day drink whole milk and use real butter i'll keep
on doing it regardless of what they say i'm so sick of it and then fat so says that was working
man then fat so says i'd never heard that milken eggs were supposed to be bad for us except for
not too many years ago when the health police from the government started saying almost everything we
consume is bad for us they spell government in a really great way southern people have been eating
eggs bacon and biscuits and washing it down with a big mason jar of meal kitchen every morning and
most of those great people is this is i'm laughing because it's so beautifully written and most of
these great people lived a lot longer than the city slickers did my great grandma and great grandpa
both lived to be 99 years old and they passed away in the 40s when my dad was a little boy my dad
just turned 87 in january he's as fit as a fiddle except for his hearing and his eyes he just had
cataract surgery on his left eye on i'll thank you so much on uh cataract surgery on his left
eye on january 29th exactly one week after he turned 87 and he goes tomorrow to get his eye
done and his hearing is almost gone too but that is from working at catacombe in detroit for 37 years
without hearing protection back then the plant didn't really care about protecting the workers
what dad came up here from alabama in 55 for work and the rest is history for my family
and i agree with you hold heartedly and that's that's from that so that is
fascinating that that feels like a parody but it might not be well he did he see he's a real
southerner there's no parody here he even when you're really southern you spell words in the in
the traditional southern manner for instance government government that way you protect
yourself from northern swine like you like you too there's no telling where i'm from
i trained to have a standard american accent but my original voice could be from anywhere
i've forgotten long ago this voice has been drilled deep into my word hole so
i represent the people okay that's a that's beautiful that's great to see a little classic
americana and anyway then yep 257 says yep the hulk was created in a blast of gamma radiation
spider man was bitten by a radioactive spider i thought this was column knowledge and he's
honestly he's he's having a little fun with it but maybe sir there's some people actually making
some great points so maybe you could get on their level maybe you could remember what america's
actually for which is remembering that time your dad worked in an auto plant and how people used
to live to biblical ages back when we used to be allowed to eat butter i heard that story earlier
how old are you jeff old enough and young enough to look this good well um
that honestly feels like we went straight from bob pepper back to reading bob pepper but i
appreciate you guiding us through it and i'll guide you through these stormy seas at any time
because another word for first for waves which are in stormy seas you could just call those big
ripples and you could also call me big ripple i'm jeff rippled and i've brought you the big news
bye bye you should all remove the doors from our microwave so we can become immune to cancer
the honestly the reporting in the wolf story
the conclusion didn't feel as sure fire to me that the wolves were immune to cancer
just that they were radiation resistant this is from fox business so i should just trust
everything that they write but it was just it's always just a study and the study seemed to
just be blasting wolves with radiation to make them resistant 11.28 mil rem of radiation per day
six times as legal safety limit oh well we lose more wolves that way more Chernobyl wolves
but i guess if the wolves are just living around the radiation maybe those uh
thoughtful commenters had it right there's just so much we don't know about the world chat
there's really no telling what's good for you or what's bad for you just eat nothing but eggs
and irradiate yourself we forgot the wolves that didn't survive the radiation we couldn't find them
we just kept finding all this dust like where are our walls who replaced them with all this dust
okay let's um hold this music our way out of here it's the end of the stream
well just music it you heard the story of the scientists that killed every organism on an
island outside of new york to see what organisms would first come back after a nuclear explosion
i've not heard of that card king but that sounds like an evil scientist origin story for sure well
russian godzilla with a giant wolf attacking mosca not my brother it writes itself they really
should do russian godzilla versus a wolf well russian wolf godzilla versus traditional godzilla
we've been on this godzilla versus con kick long enough it's time to refresh
with brand new giant guys in suits and i want them to be in giant suits plus our normal size suits
around tiny cities even though the last movie was pretty good and they don't think they used that
isn't that movie called rampage yeah that actually kind of hits the plot of rampage
ooh primal rage the movie i would watch that but they have to keep in the one move that
makes the monkey pee and in case anyone doesn't know what we're talking about i'll just use this as
my quick ps8 to remind you of the game primal rage unleash the fury of rage
sega genesis but also for arcade and also i think for super nintendo it was on a variety of platforms
i think they have redone jet jaguar unless i'm wrong which i often am and on gameboy wait a
minute there's a gameboy primal rage only i had known this when i was 12 oh look me you know
there's a chance i just had this and i forget it look at this game oh i'm playing this this is no
gaming stream again six i see if you're really good the six classic arc types of fighting games
are represented in this character selection screen t-rex other t-rex gorilla and slightly
skinnier lizard damn honestly this looks kind of good for well does it
maybe it looks better or worse than i was expecting the movements are almost more fluid than i was
expecting yeah look at him oh all right i'm gonna why i'm gonna at least see who wins this first
round my money's on diablo because he is the player character damn diablo wins that was beautiful
that's some primal rage right there okay well let's abuse your ears with some dj music and then
we'll get out of here for the day um what other stories there to talk about oh there's so many
end state perk professor accused of beastiality oh no i pretend i'm a virgin so okay well this
sounds this sounds like the kind of thing dj music would be happy to talk about
oh the airplane maggot story that's actually i'm just gonna quickly show you this story so that
you know that it exists i pretend i'm a virgin so adult stars have pity sex with me my mom
approves and apparently this guy's called baby this feels
like a conor omele bit or something to me but i guess it's just a guy out there named baby alien
who does this maybe you've heard of him this guy fucks hard i mean he's doing something
baby alien okay i i think i can't scroll too too far down that story
the targeted ads there do make sense for that story i'll say that okay let's set it up to the
roof we'll talk about some maggots on airplanes we'll get out of here for the day it's time for
some dj time it's time to really annoy kendall with some dj music was that almost oh you want to
talk about the dinner come talk about the dinner she's on the roof with me it's kendall let's
talk about a dinner our reservation was at 815 did we leave to get home we left case left
and i'm just gonna go get case actually because that'll make this easy just one second
oh wow i had to run up to the roof real quick uh we left that um 745 no the dinner the dinner
was at 815 and one time did we leave dinner 10 it did take two hours and 45 minutes to have three
courses and not because we were taking our time the only reason i don't feel horribly guilty is
and i i'm here i'm fine with it but kendall did and they're like and there was like eight or seven
or eight of us at brunch and they're like already you guys doing anything for valentine's day and
then two of us were like no actually they were like here's a little flyer we're doing a thing for
valentine's day like that uh anyway we ended up sitting next to my fucking co-worker oh yeah that
also happened so kendall went to this place with her co-worker they're the winner it's like sort of
her boss her like matt her like assistant manager basically she's like so i'm a content creator
she's a senior content creator so like she's not really my boss she just is the most seniority
out of the group yeah but they were at the same brunch that where the waiter hard sold everyone
on doing valentine's day at this place so i guess she was also sold but she both picked the
exact same reservation time and there were reservation slots every 15 minutes and she
got sat exactly next to us then we were like sweet and then we they just ended up moving
somewhere else yeah i just stared them down until they moved it's like i'm on a date and i'm not gonna
i'm not gonna exchange pleasantries with you yeah no the her boyfriend was was wise and was like
i'll go ask if we can be moved yeah which is awkward because it i guess it's technically the polite
thing to be like we can be friendly for two and a half hours but i'm very glad that they jumped
on the grenade we're gonna talk about work and yeah it's gonna be fun and then we're just gonna
judge each other's conversation i think if you were out on a non-holiday you might be stuck
yeah but because it's valentine's day there's like a mutual sense that everyone should be on a date
yeah so we were safe so the first
course one i was supposed to have a glass of wine with every course
that didn't quite happen i didn't have a wine for the first course
because they forgot about me or something mm-hmm i don't know i think it was just me baby i think
they just hated me maybe no i think they just were somehow behind on everything
maybe although they really didn't look like they were very stressed out with that sommelier i
felt like is this your first day being a sommelier sir if they might have just been a guy that
they're like we need someone to act like a sommelier wine i mean do you have to be a sommelier to
just pour the pre-selected wines i'm not sure you have to talk about wine also i was supposed to
have a choice in wines and he just didn't give me the choice he just poured it i was like oh thanks
then they they they kind of valentine's day it out so like one of the dishes was like a tuna
surrounded by pink foam but okay the foam itself was so disgusting the foam the foam felt like
they took you know the juice out of like a tuna packet they fucking foamed that up they foamed up
the tuna juice and they put that around the tuna that was chopped up so it was pink tuna foam
surrounding tuna i literally i literally was like oh film and i took my fork i scooped up just
the foam i ate it i was like oh that was that was a bit there's a bit much the other thing was a was
avocado cream in the shape of a heart with a beat on it which was okay actually that one was good
the tuna also was pretty weird it tasted more like a just a cut of fat if that makes sense
it was odd it was an odd tuna and then the best thing of the night was their soup yeah the worst
one was actually really good they're like it's like potato and yam soup or something it's like
oh it was leek soup yeah it was leek soup which was really good that was actually good
good everything else yeah and then you know the beef and salmon thing happened and i
ended up not liking the beef and then case was like let's switch and i was like we could switch on
any other plate or any other place or any other day we cannot switch this one because they think
i asked for the beef after receiving salmon we could not switch but the salmon was also just
so insanely salty oh my god i he gave me a piece and i thought i thought i just got like the salty part
and i was like oh you know i'm not gonna judge it on this because like you know but then case was
just like oh the whole thing salty yeah but i do like salt so i was like okay well at least i get
some salt in yeah you got to get a salt in yeah and i just kept getting my wines late
and then he kept trying to pour wine and the old glass that i have
so i have a new glass like four different wines yeah they did sort of suicide the the wines like
you're at a classic you know subway fountain drink dispenser just kind of going in on the same cup
they switched it out they just never took away the other cup at one point i had four
all right no he poured i had three glasses he poured some red on top of a white at one point
he really did he just went in look he was busy waiters have a hard job i was i had like an
empty glass of wine i was waiting for the next wine and with a clean glass but i would take the
my old wine glass and i would like put it on the side and spin it around so that it showed that
there was previous wine in there when i set it back up the glasses also it's funny because there was
a different waiter and then there was a different person bringing the food and then there was a
different person bringing the wine so the waiter kept coming up and being like you don't have your
wine yet i'll send him right over and then like the guy would come up to his food and be like
do you need your wine i'll send him right over and then the waiter would the waiter came up
again the wine guy never showed up was like you don't have your wine i'll send it right over but
the tone never changed it was never like oh you still don't it's like we kept doing the same
dialogue option in rpg oh you don't have your wine i'll send him right over anyway i honestly
still had a good time there was also we actually had i forgot what they call it but they gave us
like one oyster each but it was a bed on peppercorn
kasey lifted it up all the peppercorn was just sticking at the bottom of his oyster so i was
like i'm wondering if someone just got a map full of oyster that night of oyster and peppercorn
that night probably if you just went straight in if you lifted it up more like oh yeah then you
would have gotten peppercorn for sure because they were kind of sticky but that's not on them
oysters might just be sticky i've never made oysters yeah yeah yeah we knew that ai was replacing
waiters already maybe that's what it was maybe we had some i bet your big fat finger you didn't
have a big fat finger i'm just angry fucking fat definitely accidentally press sam and twice
or can blame that on the ai on the pad but like damn not even like i'm taking anything tonight
i'm gonna let make it everyone's fault tonight yeah the valets were really nice
yeah yeah yeah the great valet system i was in the lobby for a bit because it was at a hotel
and there was just a lady at the front desk that was like we're gonna need access to this room
this person's gonna need access to the room this person also and this person needs access
he goes yeah okay he goes and then we're gonna have to go through
the service door or the like the back he was like no we can't do that she goes oh
well then i'm just gonna need five keys to the room so i think she was like an assistant to someone
important yeah so that was exciting for me we were secretly sitting next to
Travis Kelsey we didn't even know it some guy next to us was screaming about the movie alpha
oh yeah we did also start eavesdropping on all the couples around us because i should have
pointed out from the top we were like three inches oh my god so like wait can you just
if this is case right this is another couple right here and they would literally like
to put food on the table they would be like there really wasn't room for people between
them but they would do it anyway literally our waiter our waitress she had a nice ass but it kept
hitting my fucking wine glass so every time she came around i would like whoop so anyway i can
honestly kendall was further away from me than the couple to my right so i was more easy to hear
them we were closer to the person next to us and he did he did totally explain the plot of the
movie elfie it and he practiced it by being like first of all there's two elfies there's the
classic 1960s elfie which i maybe it's that i actually don't know he's like there's a more
recent elfie with jude law and i could explain either but then put like a french accent on him
kind of it was more like a new jersey french accent you think yeah i was like i could fucking
explain it i could walk you explain outfit i can't really do it honestly it was like it was it was
honestly in the wash it just came out like this and high no to me i was right next to
my swear i swear as french or something i'm gonna explain elfie to you okay we're so diagonal from
each other we're just okay anyway i haven't seen elfie recently but i feel like i did yeah anyway
two tables over some old guy was eating the beef taquitos with a knife and fork so when they came
over i was like time to knife and fork this bitch that shit was so hard and crunchy like the
fucking shell was like i was like oh yeah i think it was like a soft shell taco that transformed
through the power of heat into a hard shell taco the guy next to us also got the kid the crunchy
taquitos the taquitos they weren't called taquitos by the way all the shit on top of the taquitos on
the side and he was picking them up and just dipping them and i was like he learned from me
because we were out loud were like dude we gotta pick this shit up so anyway just stay in next
valentine's day i was wrong the real way to do it is to never leave the house
elia's falling apart but it looks so beautiful yeah i think that was the first time in my life
where i actually went out to dinner wait was that on valentine's day it was still fun uh
yeah yesterday's valentine's day that was the first time in my life i've ever
on valentine's day we did it and then i proposed
yeah you got in between you're like you're like sorry sorry
i was like the film elfie is about a notoriously single man
i bet it's a taquito it's so crunchy because there's a ring in it
but you make me feel like the opposite of elfie a guy who likes one girl
my god i have to debrief with my co-worker probably had a great time yeah i wouldn't
lead with i thought it sucked because in case you really liked it i'm gonna lead i was also the
whole time very judicially trying not to sour the experience for everyone next to us because
any shit i talked could be heard by the whole place and in case they were loving it i'm like
this salmon is pure salt it felt pretty bad the table next to us kept they they had their own
jokes about my empty wine glass filled with like a spit of wine yeah yeah they were mocking us
we did it i was hoping to see a proposal though
yeah we missed out i think if anybody did it they would have done it outside also it's a
rooftop bar but they sat us inside fuck fuck yeah i thought we're gonna be on the rooftop but
the inside part are like tables of four just spread apart so that's how they could get couples
uncouple and couple and couple yeah so there was not much room to like spread all these tables
it's true that's true should we eat soon again all of this talk of bad food
is getting me going i gotta cook
okay well wrap up the stream and then i'll look at her disappear into the city
oh they did give us a rose had hella thorns on it yeah it was a very thorny rose but that's
how roses are his hands these beautiful hands where's the rose do we still have the rose
right here you want me to take it out yeah show us the rose i also got candle roses so
and my roses or clipped meaning i butchered the roses integrity i better grab it carefully
so thorny oh wait no it's green screened out you can't see it actually you can mostly see the
thorns it's highly thorny there's like watch out come at the bottom here it's all thorns
take it back it's an incredibly translucent super expensive rose thorns are pretty big all right
i'm gonna go get and then we're gonna get out of here for the day after we briefly talk about
maggots on planes now that i've complained enough about food let's complain about planes the other classic
thing to complain about one second yeah there we go okay good to see everybody i'm back i gave up the
booth for case to whine about his food for me food is all love honestly so i could eat basically
anything but i'm like extremely chill that's it that's the thing about me let's see
real quick first off i need my lasers that's just the thing about me i do need my lasers
i need a papito needs to get my lasers ready every every stream papito get my lasers out
that's my request all right here we go now we're talking curious to read yelp reviews of this
place specifically from last night yeah i'm curious i'm curious if we were the haters and
everybody else loved it or if everybody was having a similar experience i don't know but i do know
so today we're talking about maggots on a plane let's see what's the little we want to do
plane music that's a little 280s for me oh yeah you know maybe i'll find a new tune for us
a new plane tune what's this that's not new but i'll just use it anyway all right i was at the
restaurant too i yeah i was on the i could see it from my roof kave couldn't see me but i was looking
out over my there he is you know okay let's do this a little bit of that music on my news
and i'll prove it let's see what's going on out here in the world getting on a plane giving the
story a little twirl all right a delta passenger showered with maggots all right after they fell from
the plane's overhead a compartment they might have preferred snakes well that joke is great
a delta flight from ancestran to detroit was filled with unwanted stowaways maggots that fell on
the distinguished passengers ended they learn from an overhead bin while mid around tuesday
independently reported the gross bugs had infested fish that a passenger stored in their
carry-on luggage but that's according to reports let's see if the passenger has any retort
really lovely to be two hours in two and eight hour flight delta drop and maggots but are they
gonna make it right on the way to amsterdam i find out there's a rotten fish and a maggots
hitching a ride with us can you imagine nirvana plane with maggots hitching a ride
one passenger named kelsey tweeted in a sense deleted post about the flight from hell
which wound up being rerouted back to europe again because of maggots on infish the exposter told the
daily mail that the passenger whose suitcase was responsible for the debusting debacle was detained
the publication added that the suitcase was designated to be burned the blood curdling incident
was was caught some attention on a delta reddit page where commenters claimed to have witnessed
the airborne atrocity my family and i were in the road directly in front of the maggots the lady
right behind us told the flight attendant maggots were falling on our head and you know what they
call this would you believe what they're catching it maggots on a plane are you insane
unfortunate well these maggots are bringing these passengers wish that i'd take it a goddamn train
maggots on the plane i was just eating my fish but i got a whole nother dish and let me dish this
shit a maggots were on the plane don't you hate it when you're 15 thousand miles in the air
sipping on martini first class ain't gotta care you look up to the roof get that plane of care
burst air and what falls in your hair maggots in your hair there's maggots on the plane
maggots on my brain is don't go insane there's maggots on the plane
maggots on the plane i don't know if there's any bug that has to wrap about this maybe i can get a
flight i get a flight guide a wrap for me little flight guy plane trap beat airplane drill wrap what
the hell is this what makes this an airplane beat i'm honestly curious oh this sounds like a plane
am i hearing a plane right now have bob pepper wrap about this all right you know what we'll
just bail on this story we're gonna get a baseball um a baseball trap beat that's not i'm gonna be real
that's not a plane beat in my opinion i want a baseball does that click take me out to the ball
game come on that take me out to the ball game beat oh there's no such thing that's so disappointing
there's no take me out to the ball game wrap beat there's gotta be oh there we go i found it okay
now we're talking let's get bob pepper out here to rap about this i think he's still around
and there he got his hair done slightly blue in honor of this beat
so far there's not much of a beat but we'll get him out here anyway please welcome to the stage
bob pepper yeah wait for the beat to dry beat don't stop now the beat don't start
coming from the heart take me out do that fucking ball game young man the game done change
i'm the goat turn off the fucking smoke i'm clearing my throat here's the fucking deal
you were slow learner got two fists that's why they call me boomer i'ma fucking show you how the
baseball sooner hit you so hard i'ma give your ass a tumor that's right i'm the fucking panic
best fucking rapper on the planet in the pan it and on the planet on the number one mic slayer
god damn it better life since about 1945 i'm out another motherfucker ride yeah
it's only about a hard way to pride come over to the big one inside gotta work your back get
your handle down i got a bat from the back got a seven that's the head of my bat man
okay well that's all i had to say this is my fucking beat peace out everybody
um it was a short wrap i honestly i can't really tell what the deal with that beat was
um take me out to the ball game remix i'm gonna bring him back out i'm gonna make him go again
i don't see any can handle this beat what the fuck fucking back again
baseball legend back to the pen uh i'm getting fucking better getting salty but you're better
past the fucking pepper on and on and on you looking like it's live meanwhile i'm the
fly's bitch in the world it's Bob check it out you're wind up out i'll give you something new
to announce about i'm talking baseball should give me your call i seen your ass baby that's
a whole run let's call the fucking ref i'm the best fast pitch down the middle hit it with your chest
but well i'm about to punt i see you fucking little babies you all is running some fucking
old maybe that's why i'm so cold seriously this roof's too cold down now i'm up bob peppery and
know that i'm tough i've seen 16 wars check the score coming on top of you horse yes i said horse
guys back in the day that's the way we talked about every lady i'm fucking nasty from a different
generation but i'm still in charge of the nation octogenarian to all of your friends octogenarian
power never ends oh i'm hitting fucking hundreds meanwhile you've done kid
i'm the shit so call me a diaper call your wife over maybe y'all wipe her gotta tender yeah i swiped
her she said that i was much nicer i'm fucking old so i'm on the lawn i gotta mow that shit tell
you're gone mowing you kids that's how i live but i'm still selling bricks literal bricks i sell i
sell bricks now i work at a home depot yeah okay well that's bob pepper that's probably about as
much as we're gonna hear from bob pepper but then again who knows i got a weird habit of bringing
everybody back everybody come on back pepper well that's the stream and let's fucking go i'd say we put
on about a half decent show but you know what time it is it's made well not yet i guess i'll find
someone to rate what's the cinch these lasers too intense and i can't find twitch there it is
okay finally you're about to find someone to rate let's go be the best and you know we never
stop so i'm about to rate my boy ricky pika you know how we go my boy ricky coming straight out of
chicago let's see all right i gotta find the channel and rate ricky pika back to which oh my god this
not working right yeah
every there is okay now we're working
well i'm sorry if i was starting a fight it seems that dj music was just struggling to type
but i figured it out and there can be no doubt less great ricky pika before k starts to pow we done
better yeah and here is the proof it's your boy dj music singing you are from the roof and
you know how i really like to do i'm a look at chat and i'm just gonna shout out you dead
k e god damn it one of my favorites next to boner salad propaganda v2 easily also a favorite just
like my friend the breechy all right storm burn 92 and the daddy also coming in to give you the
proof that smoke x always puts up a nice fight and guess who else does is for a fight scummy dex coming
in and he loves to play day with his best friend to fulfill to gay greg t us uh keeping it breezy next
to our master mod i'm talking live and sleazy and we bout to be done so we're gonna send it off
it's a case raid say hi to ricky for me good night everybody we'll probably be back tomorrow but you
know how cases you never know see y'all round bye bye