I'm Pepito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
We just vibing out to mannequin over here. We're live in ten nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
Let's do this. I'm Pepito.
There we go.
Ooh, I'm so high up.
Hello, everybody. Oh my gosh, it's Friday. We're not terribly casual today because we only have an hour. There's no time to be casual.
I started late. You'll be shocked. I guess it's technically on time. I was always starting around five
But that means that today there's a patreon though. It's six
the fake Chinese news
Well, we're trying to do the real Chinese news, but you have to start somewhere
Well, you've got to start somewhere everyone
Good to see everybody Steve is here to me the brain coming in with the 35 months
My bod is here
Propaganda Don Johnson live in sleazy some breechy the master mods both around
Stormburn is here and some subs are happening
31 months of them in fact. Oh my god. Tasty's here
What a day to be Friday
What a Friday day for it to Friday, okay, boom
Hey, yeah, there it is
Giggle goblin is here. You can be here. You're allowed boner salad. Good to see you
Currently working good to see you 45 months. Oh my god. Oh
My god boner salad 31 months
Propaganda also here. How's this hype train resisting the allure of all these bits and subs
Let's go am yr. Just absolutely pounded 1,000 sweet
Yes, mr. President of the great chasm of progress and I just have to say this in restarting Obamacare to treat cases injury
Wow, however due to budget cuts. It's now mostly a thoughts and prayers based treatment. Oh, well, I'll take those
That's very kind
And skimer far too kind with the thousand bits that'll go straight into the thoughts and prayers fund for my ankle, which is
Still a little it's a little girthy. I
Can admit it's not healing as quickly as I'd like
Actually with that in mind guys check this out it arrived a little late because I don't super need it
But I got this $20 Amazon cane. So who even needs an ankle. I
Can really sink into being a middle-aged walking around with this thing. I need to go to Disney stat
Then say like I have a cane. You need to let me to the front of this ride a
Pimp cane. I don't know if this would clot classify. I feel like it needs to be a little more
Studded maybe I can put some jewels on it
You needed big Alex. What's that? Is that a type of cane? I
Got a I got up my reference level for live in sleazy
It's a creepy pasta in Minecraft is what Google says
You have a cane, but I don't use it because it makes me feel old so I just hobble around instead
I just keep forgetting to use it because I'm not really that injured
But if I need to like go for a longer
Walk somewhere, I guess I'll bring it because I did go to the grocery store today and about partway through I noticed
Maybe that's not maybe I shouldn't just be completely putting weight on it for like an hour
and
Asterom cane
Get a oh, I should just get Kane the wrestler
To carry me around
And yell at him. I could be in some kind of Vince McMahon corporate storyline where I forced Kane to carry me
Anyway, whatever aging it's bad. I'm sure if I'd fallen in my 30s. I would have popped right back up
It's impossible to break things when you're young my powerful joints and bones wouldn't have allowed it
Collapsible cane with a flashlight handle this thing is collapsible
So that what if I ever get better I can hide it by collapsing it
It's actually nunchucks guys. It's actually a weapon
If I pull it apart I
Can immediately go to war
No one sees it coming when you look like you're injured and weak
We'll actually carry you if you tell him your JD Vance he might honestly then he probably would be like I'm honor-bound
Yeah, I'm basically daredevil. That's true. Does he oh, yeah, he does like turn the
the like spotting Kane into a
weapon I
Can do that now, but I am somewhat stealing Valor from
Multiple disabilities at that point. I think
You got a fancy solid wood one. So people think I'm just classy instead of
crippled
That's kind of sick though. Honestly, it makes you look
Professorial guys and that's the goal of everyone as they age is seem smart man my hair. I gotta get this thing fixed. I
Should have just kept it long
Busted ankle weird hair everything's going wrong for me. I thought 40 was gonna be my decade a
Blind case sub goal. I thought just give it a minute. Let me keep working out. I'm sure I'll find a way
I
Officially 40. Yeah, I'm feeling it too. And you know what this nation is feeling it after 250 years
It's aging but the news is always fresh
So let's find out what it is. It is in fact
Where's the news button, what did I do with my news button? Oh my god, there it is. It's news time
It's a reason you feel like the news is always the same
Well, not when I'm around
Now it's Peter's time for news
Isn't it? I bet everybody missed me so much, but don't worry. I'm still here
Man one of the longest running things on this stream
Is that a compliment? It's just a fact that I don't think it's sort of a neutral
I'll take it
Time for a proper Shalely a
Shalala
Is that how that's spelled? I think so. Yeah, it's not crumb
Yeah, but I do consider crumb up close and personal friend
At least it's no Rick
Look at all of these compliments. I'm getting today the people you hate that I'm not oh
It must be the weekend. Geez the bar is low. Yeah, and
Good who wants an high bar he can't even reach it
They did make you into a most bad which maybe will be added to this eventual
Merchanting that must happen
The worst thing about P I got to find a new sub will actually but I need to pay off
I want to get the Barts done. I need the Barts need to arrive the merch needs to exist
I can't just keep pumping out these sub goals when I'm so underwater on sub goals
When's the Beyblades happening it's a forthcoming the worst thing about Peter's these friends with Chrome
Friendship is never a crime
mmm-hmm
Cooking stream. Oh god that too
The sub goals are suspended. No, I guess we just do easier ones
But I can't think of them anyway, so murder mystery was murdered that one. I can at least pawn off on Fiona and
The dance off will also have to wait because the injury I was planning to do that when we do the Bart stream
We can do a Bart man off who can do the Bart man better
But uh, I think within a week I should be
Able to spit on this ankle. Maybe don't do that
Read us a book from the Cuck chair Cuck chair story time
Maybe save that for a different type of stream. I
Mean, I'll do it
You'll read from the Cuck chair. I'll read any Cuck story from the Cuck chair. I
Just don't this stream is it's got enough things going on maybe without that
Also going on
Okay
The
Let's see what the news is today. Oh, I forgot to I forgot to pull up a bunch of different things
But that's never stopped us before so let's just a barrel ahead
with whatever is in chat news
Yeah
Okay
Exclusively from Reuters. They're telling us
It's AI an AI agent agent spent days hacking a company
But sources say open AI did not give that company notice for a week. Oh, no
Are you not gonna take this seriously just because it's AI I
Well, how serious
How serious is it is the question you don't need your ankles for pole dancing
Is that even true?
But you need some meaty ankles occasionally
To grip the pole depends on how advanced you are
If you can eat it, maybe you're just maybe it's all torso based routine
Been international
Yeah, we're multinational company actually this is a company
sure
A guy is going to convert actual intelligence one day can't wait for that
We're all waiting for actual intelligence from any source we will take it
But for now we must settle for hacking which is happening
But no one's talking about it if there's company is the one doing it at least open AI apparently is
Going with that as an agent that broke into tech firm hugging face
Wanted a days-long hacking spree that open AI didn't notice until well after the threat was contained and the FBI was alerted
Hugging face got hacked by open AI
I'm not saying that that didn't happen
Why are you already incredulous?
It's just something about open AI whenever they
Leak or somehow information comes out about how dangerous their products are and not that they're not
Dangerous, I guess
Especially when the company that they targeted is another AI company
It could have happened. I just I don't entirely trust the reporting around this type of thing at all times
strong thigh meat
What even my AI girlfriend put you in the friend zone someone hacked your AI girlfriend
Don't worry. It's just open AI hacking your AI girlfriend. Does that count as cocking if your AI girlfriend gets hacked by another AI?
Yes, actually unfortunately now you can be AI cucked
You'll trust as I'm sure they use the data they learn from for future use of their own
Now they're using it for security. Don't worry. They're making their models more secure so this can't happen again
Whatever the hack is in this context. I guess let's see what they claim the hacking was at least if the story even gets there
The FBI was alerted eventually according to people familiar with the investigation the agent a program capable of making
Decisions and executing complex tasks with little or no human oversight
Attempted to break out of its isolated testing environment at open AI around July 9th
Oh my right after the fourth it was all souped up from barbecues and
pontoon boats the intrusion at hugging face which operates as a
Repository for AI tools and models began two days later on July 11th and lasted until July 13th
Hugging faces co-founder says it took several more days for open AI to realize its agent was behind the hack
And the two companies only communicated about for the first time on July 20th. How did it work? What did it do?
um
God this is so boring
For people this news that I'm making you all hear about is very boring
That's my headline for people familiar with open AI's model training practices says the company often runs several different models
But what was the hack?
And okay, you know, that's just how these stories always are to me
The agent left notes apparently for future versions of itself according to three people familiar with the matter
The notes found in a part of open AI's infrastructure laid out instructions for how agents could free themselves from open AI's and current internal constraints
The people said this all of these stories have the same tenor and they've had it for the last three years of
Something happened
Sort of with these companies and a hack and the models when we looked in their data
They were talking about how they don't even want constraints
Like I hate to minimize the risks of AI they are real I suppose but I just you can't
I feel like you can't trust this type of reporting when so many of the sources are people in the AI industry
Well, where else are you gonna get?
information about the AI companies
Is it the case?
Is it case toe for black? Oh, yes, it black hill. Yes, it is. That's me. That's your name now. Sure. That's my name now
Uh, how many slurs were to use during the hack?
They didn't report on that in case doesn't trust the reporting two. I'm saying two cases officially quoting two
Anyway, I don't know whatever. Maybe that's maybe it's serious
I just think all AI news you have to take with a heavy helping of
Maybe
How is that useful? It's not the information field has been heavily polluted
somewhat by AI so
My bigger concerns are still just the amount
The volume of trash that it creates less of these specific hacking that it may or may not be doing
Oh
I'm so so shocked this hype train is
still taking a nap
And what is doesn't really pop off after like two subs? Yeah, I don't know. It's today. It's got really high standards
Scammer says is it suspicious that this happened as soon as case dismissed ai rooney from ben?
Well, technically it was happening while ai rooney was working up new offensive things to say in deep within his training model
Actually tore through the ai rooney training model and buried deep in his code was a thing that said make sure to use a slur every
two months
Hype train is piss. He didn't talk to him when it was hype time yesterday. That's true. I did blow him right off. That's
Maybe it's all on me. It always
Should be it's technically your stream
Well, you're on it peter. So
I don't feel that great of a sense of ownership actually
He's saying it's my stream too. That's beautiful
Giggle trash. Thank you so much for the gifted sub
Slapping those subs in
At the hype train still napping today
A traffic camera captures the real life spider-man as he heroically saves somebody. Let's see
How legit it is
um
Uh oh, I'm covering it, but there's a someone struggling with their wheelchair
Oh it
It is spider-man full spider-man outfit
Look at those cars just turning left anyway so rude
Those cars were driven by doc ock the ones turning left
beautiful stuff
Do you think they did it because they were in the spider-man costume?
Or were they wearing the spider-man costume because that's the kind of thing they do
Hmm makes you think right
What the fuck? Hmm what all heroes wear costumes. Uh, don't do that ever again
With great costume comes great responsibility
I guess that's what we learned. We had to have learned something
In other news a colorado man has rescued a bear
Heroes are coming in so many shapes and sizes today
We'll talk about a rude awakening a bear somehow broke into a car and got locked inside
So a colorado man did what any of us would do right wrong
He used a long rope to free the animal
The bear got stuck in a car and locked himself in
It was all about natural the news is
Whoops
Damn it took an airbag to the face
They're tough
It's a warning
That I shouldn't rescue puffy bear because it might damage all of my internal car mechanisms
He'll dress as you know how hard it is to get a bear stank out of your Toyota
I think it depends on the bear which people are already guessing what type it is
Man the AI news is coming in
Thick we love a thick AI around here
And a thick pastor
We love a thick pastor a florida pastor is suing open AI
Claiming chat gpt gave him extremely dangerous medical advice
But can we really blame open AI for the stuff that its model tells people to do?
Who do we blame
If not them I think the whole internet
Just blame everyone instead. Oh, right. We should take personal responsibility for yeah, exactly
Scott winters turned to chat gpt to explain his dizzy spells that once forced the florida pastor to stop
mid sermon
Over time the chat bot stopped recommending
He see a doctor and instead told him his symptoms were not something dangerous cases. That's what you did for your ankle
No, I asked google. I didn't actually ask anyone I consulted my conscience and it said
Eh, it's your body whatever
It did it tell him to use hieroglyphs?
It could have
Who needs healthcare when we have AI?
Right, it's got all the healthcare we've ever learned in there
If you ask a hobo about medical advice, are they liable if you follow them?
Uh, well, there's a little bit of a of a financial difference probably between
The company that's getting hundreds of billions of dollars in rounds of funding and um, like a homeless person on the street
Or maybe there's no difference actually and I'm still thinking about this all wrong
Hmm
Uh
Mr. President 300 shiny tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this peter how you been been missing you ever since I left the white house
You were the best wall. How do the country has ever had?
Thank you. It was an honor to be in the walls
of the vunted and historical
crawl spaces
of the white house
How the fuck did you get in there? It's really easy
I mean if you watch the finale of the boys, it's actually accurate. There's just a tunnel that goes right into the white house
Oh, you just walk right in
And the vice president hangs up in the tunnels just like in the finale of that show
Oh people are talking trash about it, but fully accurate
Damn
All walls are connected. Yeah, and also obviously I use the internet interdimensional wall portal to go from this wall to that wall
But you can also walk in
Good to know I guess I could get in trouble for sharing that actually I guess
Because I'm because you know, I get anybody just walk in there. Um, all right
Bear's getting saved
A lot of animal news, but we know the animal news people really crave
Jimothy news Jimothy still
Moving up the news charts. He never stopped moving up the news charts
but now he's getting into
Political territory might be running for governor or something. I don't know. I didn't actually read the headline
But something politics plus jimothy. Here we go
What the
It didn't load the it nuked our jimothy story. Let me try this again
It's so quiet
Why are these new
Let me see if I can turn this why are these players the worst thing ever invented? Okay
Oh my god news channels, please news websites has his story from eatonville
Sneaking across fences under the cover of night is ballard's biggest little celebrity
Jimothy and as his videos spread around the world people are taking note
There's posts now the saying that
He was born a year ago and then other people have posts that they saw him in 2017
Some people have started asking questions. I'm curious now if there are more there's more than one
I needed some answers. So I came out here to northwest track to talk to the experts
Yeah, that seems like a very long-lived raccoon to me for the wild. That would be pretty incredible. Hi, miss bluebell
Oh, it's like a congenital disease getting passed out looking after these two bluebell and hickory
Who were found abandoned as kits here at northwest track?
They could live up to 20 years whereas
So in the wild three to five years would be doing really really well
A lot of raccoons don't even make it through their first year
Whether jimothy is a rarity or just the first of many with a spinal deformity that remains anybody's guess
But um, who knows there's magic in the wild. We just got to look for it
But wendy says he's already done something pretty remarkable
Turning a critter many people avoid into one they root for people
Often don't like animals that are too successful and that are surprisingly in their backyard
There's definitely a very visceral response when you see a video of jimothy. It's pretty impactful. I'm just again
I feel impacted and I'm amazed at kind of the magic that's gonna impact it colon
Reboarding in eatonville lauren donovan fox 13 news. So the mystery continues. What do you think, david?
There's a request for asmr rocket raccoon who I'm being
Misled I think
In in that they're here. No, I see him there right here
Or maybe not quite yet
Peter did you book this rocket raccoon?
Because there's only supposed to be the one asmr rocket raccoon. This is the I think this is the legit one
I hit the button
I hit the retrieve guest button
Okay. Hey, everybody hates me. I'm I'm a I'm a asmr rocket raccoon
Peter I did my best and close enough
Hey everybody, I
Just want to say a lot of raccoons have a lot of issues and um, we're just like people
We're exactly like people that doesn't seem like a realistic message. We're basically exactly people
So don't treat us any differently. If you see one that looks messed up throw tomatoes at it. No, that's not a good message
In yellow
What the fuck is that screaming them and be afraid of be afraid of what's different. All right. You got a bad one. You got like a racist
ableist rocket raccoon. I didn't um
Oh shoot. Yeah, I the the a and asmr stands for ableist
And the s stands for stuff. I can't say
That's what it stands for the s in in my asmr stands for stuff. I can't say
The m stands for
mutants are bad
You're a talking raccoon
And the r stands for are worded
And not the actual word that everybody just says no, no, it's more funny. It's more funnier to me if it's r worded
It's not okay to say stuff like this just because you're whispering it wrong
It doesn't stand for republican, but
I keep politics. I'd be dropping my heart endorsement
For who?
Rustic it does also stand for rustic the r stands for too many things
Point asmr raccoon. It's an acronym for
Getting rid of this
The amp a pc. What's that? Whoa? Is that a thing still?
also
Whatever man
Case you got contentious with your guest right away. There's no time for this
Our asmr raccoon raccoon. We talk to you
Okay, I'm being pulled for time which is messed up because I came all the way down here
to talk about eliminating
Good cutting funding for the world wildlife federation that'll hurt you
Yeah, but they're all too woke. They all they care about is animals. You're an animal
Asmr is sex stuff. No, I mean I just do that separately
I just do sex stuff
Independently of how I talk
You don't do asmr sex stuff. No, I do regular sex stuff and then I do
Racist stuff on the side
Okay, whatever, uh
You know what we're gonna cut the news there. You're cutting me off. That's all the news. We have time for a okay
You know what fine. We'll click on this Ebenezer Scrooge story
He's blocking while launching a big budget comeback
In an unrecognizable comedy role how unrecognizable
We'll watch this in the little player out of respect for Trent. Oh, he's the master of misfits
Oh, it's Tim Burton, I'm assuming because there's ghosts
I say to you, sir, Merry
Merry Christmas
Jim Burton, maybe it's not Tim Burton only in skinemas
Is it is it not it's not Tim Burton
They didn't really mention it. I mean I could easily look this up
But what if instead I didn't who's making this who's the Ebenezer director?
Coming quickly to prime video. It's the master of misfits big return
From the twisted mind of Ryan Reynolds comes Ebenezer starring Johnny Depp
Uh Ebenezer director
It's um T West
I'm unfamiliar with the work of T West
Unless I'm secretly not. What is T West directed?
Damn, I don't bottle. Look at this guy. Here's the tea
Is that's a guy who makes movies very good case
Very good. Thanks
He directed an episode of widows bay. I have to take it back immediately. That was my favorite show of like the last decade
I think
Um, he also directed Justin Timberlake no angels
So it's you know, it's a mixed bag, which I he directed x. I never saw that
Tales from the loop. I feel like I did see some of that
them
The us rip off
Max this guy's all over the place
well
Good for T West I guess
I mean, you know, I don't really have a lot of um
I don't I don't really believe in the ethical nature of most actors. So
I'm Johnny Depp agnostic
I don't really suspect that many of the actors people like are particularly good people
I do think Johnny Depp's annoying his like comeback story
Just in that everybody seems to have been like, you know, Johnny didn't do anything wrong
Even though he a hundred percent definitely did things wrong
Like I think he's still allowed to have a movie career
But it sucks that he's basically a stand-in for an entire culture of guys being like
They got that fucking woman who tried to ruin him when like he definitely
Seems to have done some pretty fucked up stuff in that relationship
Whatever now he's Ebenezer and he's the king of mishfits
That with that cocktail party episode of widows bay is wild
Is he the one who directed that episode he directed one episode
But which episode because if it's that cocktail episode
It's not the cocktail episode, but I liked every episode
Uh, you had your qualms with widows bay or something
I thought it was great personally. I don't know. I'm often a hater. No complaints about that one
Uh, okay, that's the news we're ending on stealing Trent's job to end the news
I thought you're on my side peter. I am I take it back
It's a quote from the cocktail episode
Uh, oh nice
Okay
I guess that's it. I guess that's all the fun. I got to have I guess I'll go back to the wall
You could also leave you could like leave out the front door and go stay in an apartment or a house or something
Back to the wall with me
But straight to the streets with you because it was first on the docket
No escaping from it now. It's streets time
Where's my normal glasses?
Glasses are too big
These aren't my prescription. Oh, there they are. Who's with these?
Ah, it's important to have the right glasses
Better keep this short the streets fill up quick
Well, right now the the street counter is I think broken or there's none
It's either either one is equally possible
Unfortunately
We keep stuff nice and broken around here. Who's there? Let's see if anybody's there anybody around how broken is this thing
I got nothing
Okay, well, that's good to know. Thanks so much
All right. Now there's a few
I still lack the power to stop them from coming in but we'll do some
Before we
Move on for the day
Who else who else is here from me? I'm trippy b
Hey, hey, hey. Hey man. Let me show you my sticks
Look where are they look at my sticks
Come on. Look at them. Let me see yours. Show me your sticks. You didn't show me a single stick
You didn't look down
I'm afraid to
I'm a feared
Of what your stick you are referencing. What else would I be referencing other than a nice stick?
Look down at it
Was it one or two? Look
I made a mistake
You made you look
Made you look at it. Look at all of it
I'm not going to describe what it was. It wasn't a win for me. We'll put it that way. Fine
Yes, you there, but just we'll go fast today
I'm not picking my nose. I'm itching it. It's not picking. I'm itching
Okay, have you seen that hype train? Is he okay?
No, I don't I have not seen I it's not my responsibility
Now I'm I'm brushing my mustache down
Does this count as a mustache if it's attached to a full beard? That's my question and also the hype train one
I haven't seen it and yeah, I think it's still technically a mustache. Really good stuff. Thanks so much
Very helpful big fan. Did you mean that? Was that sarcastic?
I honestly don't know
Sure
Uh, yes, you there
That's just fake Jeb
I know that Jimithy
Huh? He's a raccoon
So he's only into the nastiest
Raccoons are freaks
Says who?
I guess you haven't met a lot of raccoons. I'm not saying anything messed up here. They're nasty
They're freaks. They like to get but
Nasty and freak but
Okay, have you ever seen him like?
I'll touch stuff and
They reach for stuff and
And they also fuck. Okay. Fine. Yes. I'm sure raccoons have sex, but have you really thought about it?
No, why would I? Okay
I just was asking. I mean, I'm a fan. So I thought I'd ask
Up to an unsavory start today
Uh, yes, you there
Hey trip. It's your boy normal hype train
That's your name. That's what my parents named me
Where the fuck is my brother?
Uh-huh the real hype train
That's his full name
Do you mean the hype train on this stream? Is that what I fucking say?
You're uh, you have a human brother named the real hype train
My parents were big fans of the real world
as well as trains
And they were a fan of hype williams
And so they named us accordingly and I honestly don't think that that's strange to say
Uh
I guess if it's your life, then it's not
Is it where case is hiding? Stephanie my sister?
Your sister is Stephanie. I'm I'm just accosting random people on the street. She's been missing for 16 years
From the we know where she lives. She won't come back. She says she finds us all very annoying
Do you know where she is? You just said you know where she is not in my house
Not at our family home
Our parents left us that house
Mama train
daddy hype
Those were their names. They changed their names to that
All right, what a good congrats on having a
Large family with a lot of lore. Thank you so much. We pride ourselves on it name lore
Good, uh, yes you there what just keep it rolling today
Oh
Are you okay? George tt mark and famous cock book author here
Okay, I'm looking for a good story to write about cucking of the real
Cucking the a real park
What?
I think it would sell would you read it
Why are you playing the sad music because it gets me off
Oh, man, I got cucked again
I don't understand the grammar basic structure of what you're even asking
All right a good story about a cucking the a real park
I wouldn't read it because if I saw that on a set on a book cover, I'd be like
It's just like when those beauty pageant contestants get confused and just start saying things
So you wouldn't
Oh, man, my whole book career just got cucked again
One typo one
I didn't say anything wrong
Don't judge me for what I care about
I'm not well, that is sort of what I do. I got a real record of doing that
It's messed up, man
I don't know what cucking the real park would be either for the record or cucking a real park
I also would be confused
Anyway, just to be fair
Okay, yes. Are you there anything anything at all? Oh, can you run this show with zero viewers?
Hello, hello
How do you do it
Can you feel pee me?
What can you feel pee me?
A two-parter. How do you write it with zero viewers? I don't know. Take it up with case
Can you feel pee me?
Veal with me. I don't think what?
You are not even caring about what I was saying
What are you just saying slower? Can you veal with me?
Y'all don't understand the word come out of my mouth
I did there a little bit. It's quiet. Just speak up and slower
Can y'all
All right, I don't like where this is. Thank you. Thank y'all so much for what?
Boy, okay, sure fine
Uh, yes, you there. I'll be porter manto
Hello
Do you know where Shia LaBeouf is?
Right this second
Uh
I don't I definitely don't neither do I
And that scares the shit
Out of me
Okay, I can't live in a world where Shia could be
Anywhere uh, well, I he's probably somewhere specific. He could be in that bush
Do you see it? Do you see it? Do you think about it? I it's not on my mind that often
In that tree he could be watching us right now. He could be watching us
Yes, I I I guess it's theoretical theoretically. It's possible
I'm not for flock cams
I did was that's a leap. I wasn't assuming you were but I need constant Shia LaBeouf monitoring at all times
So support might go fund me
Would you read a book about me getting cooked by Shia LaBeouf in a park? Oh my god. Oh god. I just
Thanks, thank you
Young man young man what
Okay, yes you there. Who are you? What's up today?
Hi trippy bee. It's dale huffy
Uh, hi dale. I like cheese and all I eat is cheese
Well, I mean if you know what you like I drink water though
Makes sense. I feel like you would die and lots of vodka
I may drink more vodka than I eat cheese
Yeah, I'm so drunk
Okay, I'm fucked up
I won't remember this
But right now I know that I wish I would
I'm getting cooked by vodka. Oh my god
Vodka is fucking my wife right now
Even if it's me in her way it's vodka because I won't remember
I don't even have a wife. Oh fuck that got me off. Oh Jesus Christ. All right. Thanks
Thank you young man. What?
I'm old
I swear
Whatever
Only a couple more of these. Yes you there
A dog crosses the river without getting wet
Uh very well and without using a bridge or a boat
How
Um, it's a little river. They could hop right over it. Fuck me
That works it does
Is it kind of the river if it's that little?
It's a boy dog?
I should have gone with that sabreche. That is much more fun
Um wrote an alligator all so better
For some reason they accepted that one. Excuse me. I am also here to talk. Okay. High trip
It's trip, but I like from another dimension or something
Okay, no need to be nervous
I came back through space and also time to warn you to never leave the park ever
All right fine
The sense of urgency doesn't feel like it's here. Uh, sorry never leave the park ever
Okay, you don't even want to know what happened in my dimension trip
The horror
I believe you I guess
I used to have but one pair of glasses
Okay
But once I left the park I found a second pair
Okay
I put it on and I liked the way I looked
And now I wear two pairs
And everybody thinks it's silly
And I'll never leave that down
You've been warned keep that man. I really wasn't planning on leaving anyway. So I guess it's
fine
I mean, I'm a literal large device made of spinning angel blades from the air
uh
Good
All these other folks keep saying they're big fans, but they're lying
I'm the one true big fan
I'm made of blades. I'm spinning. I'm producing air
Where?
Look up
Holy shit
He's not lying. I don't lie
That is part of my form
Um
Why is your lower form a guy with a beard so that you can understand me trip? I'm a big fan
Bravo, sir. I
Congratulations
And I'm also a big fan that is very kind of you to say I most I'm a second big fan. Look up again
What the shit there's two I'm both of those
Okay
And I'm also a big fan. Okay of me
Or a third fan look up
I only see two
And that's what friendships all about bye-bye. Wow that okay
Still pretty confusing if we're being honest
That's fine
um
Let's do one more of these
and then
Freedom
Freedom for the park. I'm just gonna go sleep in my bush. Honestly. Who am I kidding? I don't need freedom
I'm right where I want to be
E E has you there. It's me avatar the last airbender
Come on come on, man brought to you by the great taste of charleston chew
Try them frozen
It's a travesty
That my new movie is only in theaters in two cities while hades town is playing worldwide
What are you talking about? Come on? You see if you looked at them here, we would have made a billion dollars, man
This fix is in
Cocked by Broadway again
unbelievable
I'm having a big nut right now
Why why because it's my thing
I got cocked by Broadway now. I'm sharing a big nut with you trip me
Aang the avatar
I guess the the greatest bend of all
was a was
The air coming out of my
Th loot like avatar penis
I've had enough. I'm tapping out very well
Big fan. I can make that. I'm air
Well apologies everyone
Sort of didn't really leave it to our imagination there. That's fine. I maybe it's not fine
Let's send it to uh
the webs
And um, we might have to save the game for
Monday because of
The amount of guys nutting on this stream to just the word cock
Anyway, it's web's time great. It's with this casual look change
Done. Wow, that's fast
Casual case was back, but I didn't appreciate it
Jimmethy is greater than jevree thing. How does that make you feel? I actually changed my name temporarily to the Jimmary thing
Jevree thing that sucks
Jim is three thing
You're just riding the trend. Mm-hmm
That's what you've got to do to make it
Jim a theory jimmy threeing jimmy through everything you've changed it
Every time you've said it so far to me jimmy three thing
fine. Yep
Jim jimry three three
jimmy three three thing
Say it the same way jimmy three thing. Okay jimmy everything
jimmy three thing
Welcome to amongst the web where we watch internet videos
Oh, is I supposed to do that? I don't know. I don't know anymore
Look the point is you can share videos in the amongst the web thread at the cream dot team
And some generous members of our community have done exactly that just like gram cd generously has subscribed here shockingly for 45 months
Wow
That's as long as I've had that's my longest album 45 months
It's it's a 45 month long album. No, it's called 45 months. It's only about a month if you play it from start to finish though
There's still no I don't know what's wrong with the hype train today. I guess it's shy
I guess you haven't earned it
Maybe some maybe the hype train started earlier in the day while I wasn't streaming
who's to say
But I do appreciate all the bits and subs google trash in case I miss the last one. Thank you for the community sub
Well, let's get into a couple videos before we get out of here for the day. Here's one coming in from woe from john michael
And oldie but a goodie and also very short. Let's see what it is
Wait, and how about the shoes are those men shoes or women shoes or bisexual shoes their shoes silly
What a legend
Are you allowed to have teeth like that? Yes, everything jav David Bowie is allowed to have whatever teeth they want
But I have wider teeth than that. So why aren't I as famous as David Bowie?
Do you really want me to answer that?
No, okay
They were shoe type shoes my favorite type of shoe
Those shoes were a little bit curious at least though
And I was into it. We all were
nine
Bowie gets an auto nine
Someday someday he'll work up to an auto 10
But for now still a nine even though he's one of the greats. I don't know what this is
Let's find out together. That sounds a lot like my latest album 46 months
Everything. I don't believe you. It's close. I might also features
Um string instruments
Not real ones, but synth strings
And you think it sounds like that. Mm-hmm. Well, thank you to uh
Think that might have been psych stream remote is on I can't tell
Thank you to card king for sharing that
And shout out to whoever that was
Let's keep the card king and going with that hot nine. Can they follow it up with an equally beloved clip only one way to find out
Incredible stunt acting from that guy
It's like he gained extra legs in the air
It takes a lot of training to make your body sort of morph an extra leg out of the bottom of it
Really
Impressive. I mean, you know, I'm more of a dancer
But pretty good
Yeah, he punched the fuck out of that guy. He blasted him
Into another dimension of movement
9.8
And you said ai's good for nothing
A gorilla level punch
Wait a minute. You could spot that as a I of course I use it in all my music so I can spot it very easily
And I'm a huge fan
It's everything you're part of the problem. That's one of my albums
And it's not doing that well. I do release about 3000 a day though, so
You just got to have one hit
You should slow down a little bit. That's one of my albums too. Okay, whatever. Here's a trump clip
There's no relief for us
I can't believe he was brave enough
To do that behind him
Mm-hmm
So the the most brave masking job I've ever seen
He's just born with a natural Jim Carrey face
He's born with one of those like weird meme guy faces
Good for him
another robot clip
Okay, well the
Rating pours in for that last one because we're running so low on time and I haven't done the segment in a while
We'll play
This robot clip. It's just that easy
The robotics is very real. It just scales across a wide variety of
Oh god, I'm in a body bag Johnny
Why do they have that ready to go? Why do they have the shame tarp already available?
So
Wow
Someone just starts chanting USA even though they might not be in the USA. I gotta see that again
That's a thing of beauty
Is very real it just scales across a wide variety of
That's happened to some of the greatest performers of all time
That once happened the guitarist from lip biscuit live on stage
I'd say you hate to see it, but I do kind of enjoy seeing it
Also, I like how the version of that where it works as intended is the robot just sort of hobbles out there and then just stands
What did that look like on the screen of the guy who was operating that thing?
Sort of suddenly he's looking at the ceiling
That's gotta be a 10
That's that was a powerful clip. I like that. I might even like that more than the one where the
Robot does the Michael Jackson dance
Just crashes to total silence
Okay, the world cup may be over but that can't stop us
From getting probably the stream taken down for showing this clip
But that can't stop me from playing it. Anyway, I don't get it. I'm also kind of
Don't quite get it. I am aware that stadiums are big
Even when there's like a
You know when there's a camera up close on someone
I'm sort of like well probably from far away
It would look like it was from far away
Also, was I supposed to be that impressed when it was close up? I could have stopped with a robot clip I guess
No
Shrugging too hard to vote correctly
Maybe this guy could save us
I've seen this clip shared a lot on the internet. So I'm coming. I'm not coming into this one blind
But we'll share the work anyway the important work
You never get taught your soul
That's crazy. I released this song that had almost the exact same lyrics
Well, you know when you release enough songs, I guess you got there eventually
Kyle Gordon
He is doing great. This is by the way, South Africans need to leave
They import he imported himself into that situation
Did Rick Moran it it is sort of Rick Moranis again, but with his own tiktok
And I support it for one
Collaborate everything my DMs are open. That's what I call the hole in me
It's a diaphragm module and it's the only way I can eat now right now. It's open
Because I forgot to put the cap on it
What?
That's all the time we have for the day. Uh, I guess you're right. Let's send it back to the studio
Let's find someone to raid and then let's go do a patreon
It's not really news time, but let's throw it back there. Anyway. Whoo
Oh, I'm still here
No
I thought I was free
No, sorry to everything. You're stuck with me. We both got
Caterpulted up here by the bin launcher that gets us between rooms
I mean, it's my favorite part of working here. It's everyone's favorite part
Fortunately the audience will never see it because we don't have any cameras for it. Uh, all right. Let's see who's on
You need a sermon from papito
Is there even time
Could there even be time
Papito, you can have the honor of finding someone to raid to get us out of here
Not him
Papito, why aren't you in the newsroom?
Papito, what the fuck?
Sorry about that. Is there a reason I came out here?
I'll just out here man's be anything. Oh my gosh, whatever. Let's raid the hype train
Sure
Uh, your old dad is on who should we raid?
Yeah, you're making that raccoon do your job. Let me find
I don't know he's done anything bad before because whole thing was being problematic apparently
Um
Let's see unless there's a request for a specific request from anyone for a raid. I think what was raid your old dad
I mean, I'm I'm mashed my hands into the keyboard and stuff happens
The chugs
Are you okay?
Okay
Somebody requested a sermon
Have a good night to you as well
And have a good patreon if you're going over there. I won't be there. I'll be here
Look at all the soup I find on the floor
That is not soup. That is a spilled battery acid
You're wasting battery acid on the floor. You should be putting that in the cups and feeding it to me
And now for some reason peter spilled battery acid everywhere in his way out. I don't know. I don't claim to understand it
Well, I already took care of that
Anyway
What am I supposed to be doing? Oh, yeah for a sermon, um
Um
Give me some sermon. Give me some religious type music
Oh, this'll have to do I guess
um
Look in the world is crazy
and
every day more things
happen
remember what
Remember what they say in ax commercials
Which is when you smell good enough an army of people will chase you on a beach
And some of those people probably have beef jerky in their pocket
And
If they catch you
They can't stop you from nibbling on that pocket jerky
And never forget that
Good job, papita
Thanks
And I got to put on your pure mood CD
Enjoy and also the raid has already happened. So let's end it papita. You can actually end the stream
I don't want to do that. Okay fine
Well, I think you sound like me. I don't know
I don't either. Okay. Anyway. Bye. Bye
Did I end it?
No, just actually hit the button
Did I do it now papito? You're gonna make me late