I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Game with your little friend!
40 Winning made me sad and a little hard.
6, 5, 4, 3, 2...
Close enough.
So breachy, good to see you, uh, uh, Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo Don Johnson Skyward Propaganda, Ray Silva, Mighty Oz, love the hate, both of our tracks.
Live and sleazy in there, others!
Oh yeah, it's 420.
I legitimately can't smoke weed without getting, um, really depressed, so I always forget.
But every 420, I send myself on a depression tailspin.
Actually, I don't, that is a lie.
Sober as usual, sadly.
Eat weeds?
Darryl, good to see you.
Hi, we got a comment already.
Did Papito eat the weed instead of smoking it?
I don't think Papito smokes anything, so that seems right.
That's correct. Smoking is a waste of chewing.
The whole point of things going into your body is to bite them.
All of you are doing it wrong.
You do edibles, I guess.
That's everything.
What are you talking about?
What are you even talking about?
Entity, you get it.
I don't get it. I will never get it. I refuse to get it.
Everybody shut up.
Shut the fuck up.
Whoa!
You've changed, yeah, Propaganda's right, you've changed.
I never changed for a second.
My internal composition changes, because I consume, like, uh, like Mega Man.
That's not how Mega Man works. Mega Man kills things with his Buster and then absorbs them.
That's basically what I do.
Is this the place for the free drugs that Dare warned you about? Yes.
I am the drug dealer in every Dare.
Don't do this video. Retrospectively. Retroactively.
The dumpster water is chewy.
If it's good, if it's a good day for dumpster water, yeah, it comes out thick.
And that's when you know it's good. It's like molasses.
Or a bunch of meat.
Hmm, okay.
Well, we got some stuff to do today. I started late, unsurprisingly, so...
I guess we may as well get into it. Unfortunately, later today, Scrum is going to do 30 minutes of rapping.
At all of us. At all of you, I guess. More accurately.
So that'll happen. It was in the- with this thing said it would happen.
So now it has to happen.
It's the way it works. You don't always think of good sub-girls.
Sometimes you think of sub-girls that sort of... One could argue dis-incentivize people to throw subs in.
But we're doing it anyway.
We're doing it anyway.
Now I 100 sub-girl to avoid the Scrum rap.
You'd have to do it before the end of the stream.
Which is coming re- what should the new sub-girl be?
You know what? This is always a thing too.
Pull chat for it. I reserve the right to not do what wins if it's- especially if it's genital slit.
But you can throw up some options.
Because honestly, I'm out of ideas.
Oh, it takes 30 minutes for Scrum to rap a present.
Vote now.
That would be more- I mean, honestly, it probably would take me that long.
So something tells me it might take Scrum that long.
Brandon's mom gets a song. Rockin' Stone, Gator Toss, partner application, and crime.
Oh yeah, partner application.
I haven't done that in like a year and a half.
Because they said no!
Not because I'm lazy and completely forgot that that's even a thing.
Who says I want to be their partner? But fine.
Fine chat.
Partner application.
I'll just say that's a 25er.
Yeah, subscribe so that I do a thing that I probably should just do with my own volition.
I'm still under the average viewer count but qualifying every other way.
Isn't that the most important metric?
So doesn't that just mean I'm out?
Because doesn't everybody else have to qualify in whatever other way there is?
Unless one of the ways is, um, don't talk about unpleasant things.
Do what Fiona did, ditch Twitch after she finally gets accepted.
Oh, I can SKP to send over some of the juice.
I don't even get what it does for me to be partner.
But I will apply again for the humiliation of rejection, which is good spiritually.
It's good for your soul to be rejected guys.
You gotta get used to it.
More emote slots. Okay, that's fair.
Whatever, we'll do it again.
In 25 subs, I guess.
You left a message for Kendall in the Kendall's Corner channel if she still needs help with her wick site.
Hey Kendall!
Do you still need help with your wick site?
Check the Discord under Kendall's Corner.
I can't hear you.
She's the one who asked us for help.
Well really all of you.
But via me.
Kendall the John Wick's fan site.
I think that's, yeah I'm pretty sure that's what she's doing.
Yeah, I don't... she came in here.
Hot, demanding help.
Someone offers it and now she can't even hear me from the other room?
Subrity says, I think they changed it.
Legacy partners still get 70, 30, but new ones 50, 50 same as affiliate.
I'm assuming the only reason to be partner other than the more emote slots,
which kind of sounds like more work for me,
would be maybe they're more likely to promote your stuff.
Maybe?
If that's even a thing?
I don't think, which promotes anybody that isn't already successfully huge.
And I'm only successfully huge in my stomach.
You need the hate sake emotes? Yeah we can get there.
Okay anyway.
Let's do some news. Let's do the things we usually do.
Let's try to move through them quickly so that we can punish you.
We can punish you?
I can punish you with a scrum wrap.
Regardless, it's news time.
It's still going to drive it. Don't let them take it from you.
Darfus.
What have I happened to Darfus case?
Where is my Darfus?
I don't know anyway. I do know that I'm in fact, GF Ripple.
You know it's Monday. I've got to come in to lay a solid groundwork for the week of news.
Case?
Hi Jeff.
Cycler is banned for reacting to WrestleMania?
I didn't see it. Was it WrestleMania E?
This is the first WrestleMania I haven't watched at all.
In a while. I usually at least check in with WrestleMania.
But this year I just did not care and also I don't think I have whatever you need to watch it.
I didn't feel like paying for something new.
I didn't really think about it much.
It was very mid.
Is it spoilers if you just tell me what happens?
Scrum's going to hit us with the version of Trap to the Closet?
Yes. Yes he might.
I'm assuming that's all he can really do.
30 minutes of just whatever is going to come out of Scrum's mouth?
Yeah, I think it's probably that.
Okay spoilers guys.
Skip to the time stamp that's not on your screen because this is live.
But Cody and Roman won.
Were there any fun shenanigans?
Oh yeah, Lesnar retired. I did see that on...
Yix.
It's only X when it's Brock Lesnar news. Otherwise it's Twitter.
Lesnar retiring was good.
I can see you meaning that in any number of ways.
Cody's eye got obliterated?
I don't really know how...
In the court of public opinion how guilty Lesnar is of whatever.
But anyway...
The whole... I mean a big reason I stopped watching wrestling is the Vince McMahon stuff kind of broke me.
It was just too gross.
He'd been so gross for so long but just knowing all the gory details
I was just like I need a break.
But maybe someday I'll return.
I saw Paige came back. That was on my timeline.
I still like wrestlers.
I like wrestlers.
But the...
And honestly I probably will check back in with AEW at some point.
But I'm off the wagon.
I think it happens to everybody who watches wrestling at some point though.
They take a couple years off.
And maybe something pulls them back in eventually.
AEW coverage.
Yeah.
I mean I did... I've been keeping up with wrestling since I was weirdly kind of old.
I guess I was in college when my brother and I started watching it.
Ironically.
And then you quickly learned to watch it. Not ironically.
But now I've fallen off the wagon for the first time.
In like 20 years guys. Is that a good thing? Bad thing?
I don't care!
Jeff gets it.
Subrichi says,
WWE under TK is somehow almost getting worse than McMahon.
Luckily they seem to care about the women's division less.
So that's still good. But men's storylines are hot garbage.
Oh they care less about the women's division.
So they're still able to do stuff.
That's interesting. That makes sense unfortunately.
Yeah I remember the two things that...
In both products that made me like, well...
This is kind of destined to run into problems is...
Tony Khan is like the son of a billionaire.
So I don't really trust his stewardship of AEW.
Although I suspect AEW is probably still selling more smoothly than WWE.
If I had to guess I haven't watched it a little bit.
And then when TKO took over I was like,
all this goodwill around McMahon not being in charge anymore
is going to evaporate because now it's just like a consortium
of other rich guys in charge of it.
My point being basically when there's like money interests
which is most things.
Making like the storyline decisions for a product.
It generally leads towards entropy.
So anyway, I'm not surprised to hear that TKO has made things worse.
I'm guessing they've also made things more expensive.
Higher-brass TKO meddling with the booking.
Yeah. Why not just let...
I guess it's like if in sports they could just push a certain athlete,
there'd be so many dumb rich people assuming they knew
who the most appealing athlete is.
Because you can just do that in wrestling.
It seems to just get all of the wires crossed.
AEW is an e-fed in real life.
That was always the kind of the vibe with Tony Khan.
You know when I stopped watching AEW is when Tony Khan came out
weeping about like firing CM Punk.
That's about when I was like,
I need a break from this too.
I don't even really remember exactly the context or at what point
in the CM Punk quitting arc that was.
But I was just like, ehh.
And then I also remember they put out some convoluted thing
where like they released footage of CM Punk fighting backstage.
I think by e-fed Kev Slider I'm assuming they mean like
it's the internet booking of wrestling.
Like Tony Khan is essentially a Twitter mark for wrestling
booking a huge promotion.
I'm not sure if that's what they mean but that's what I'm assuming.
And that seems about right.
Anyway, maybe Tony Khan's a nice guy I have no idea
but that just seems so messy to me.
It just made me suck the enthusiasm out.
And I think that was happening in the vicinity of all the McMahon stuff.
And that's when my wrestling spirit began to take a nap.
They have turned the tide and have way more interesting storylines.
You know what? I actually did check in when Adam Page won the belt
which I think was in the last year.
So I hadn't fallen off the wagon so much that I wasn't aware of that.
And I thought that seemed cool.
I watched that match and it seemed good.
Oh that was last year.
Okay, well yeah, I mean within the 2026 to a year from a year ago.
Whatever.
I don't care about any of this case.
I'm here for the hard news.
Wrestling can find its way into being news.
Again, like we said when wrestlers inevitably become our next political class.
Shut up you bearded bastard.
Is that a wrestler? That's you.
That'd be a pretty good wrestling name though.
The bearded bastard.
That sounds like some Vince McMahon booking.
How should I know?
Yeah, I like hard news.
And I removed the quotes from that propaganda.
Rating wrestler costume sounds like a good time.
That could be. That should have been the.
That could have been the next sub goal.
We need Ben Hooper on this wrestling name.
You people.
Now you're something like a wrestling bad guy.
I don't speak this parlance.
Everyone stop trying to frustrate me.
Okay.
Look, I'm assuming there's news about.
War or something.
Can we talk about something interesting like global war?
I'm kind of fine with sticking with wrestling.
Well, I'm not.
I'm a news man.
When there's war to report, how do we talk about anything else?
This is my big day. These are all my big days.
This is WrestleMania, but for news.
But we're always at war.
So yeah, it's WrestleMania 365 baby.
What a time to be saying facts at people.
Is that what we do?
That's what we're supposed to do.
Anyway, war is.
Happening.
Still, well we're in a ceasefire for.
Couple more hours.
When was it two weeks ago?
Time is an illusion.
So it's hard for me to say.
I'm sorry. Let's get you a.
Get you some.
Stories to read Jeff.
You didn't click on anything yet.
We're getting to it. Okay. We're getting to it.
Oh, there's a guy. There's a guy.
You guys remember this guy?
He's still around.
Is that our story for the day?
Yeah, Trump's still around.
That's our story for the day.
The end of the ceasefire is the exciting climax.
So this week's Monday Night Raw.
Don't give them ideas chat.
That is another Vince McMahon type booking decision.
Okay.
Fate of Iran peace talks uncertain as deadline approaches
for end of ceasefire.
That sounds about right.
Oh, it does. Yeah, I figured that's probably about what's happening.
Taran says it's positively reviewing participation in talks.
Positively reviewing.
Didn't they already send people to do the talks?
And they're positively for certain reviewing the talking that could happen.
Hypothetically.
Pakistan source said Trump was told US blockade is an obstacle to talks.
No way. Us blocking all trade for the fundamental axis of what's making this war happen?
Is somehow an obstacle?
Yes.
The ceasefire expiration is in fact looming as Vice President Vance is yet to depart.
They're not going to send them?
No, if they don't send Vance, there could actually be peace.
I mean supposedly JD Vance is one of the people who's got more complex feelings on the war.
What does that mean?
He's trying to signal internally without pissing off Trump that he's against the war.
Probably because he wants to run for president someday.
And this war is almost guaranteed to get much, much worse.
I don't think he's getting the arbitras out from around his neck in this case.
I think JD Vance is fucked, which is great because once he's out of the news,
I'm the only guy who looks like this.
He's also not trying to profit directly off the peace talks like Kushner.
JD Vance?
Well, politically he could profit quite a bit if he could make the peace talks
functionally successful, which actually I would be in favor of.
I mean even I'll let JD Vance have the W there if you're capable of it,
but I don't think he is fortunately.
He doesn't want to piss off Daddy.
He really doesn't want to piss off Daddy, no, he doesn't.
And Daddy is emotionally unstable and can get mad at almost anything,
so he could piss him off in either direction.
At least the right doesn't cancel people.
I don't know Steve's joking, but that is very funny.
Okay, what else?
Iran is considering attending peace talks with the United States and Pakistan.
A senior Iranian official told Reuters on Monday,
following moves by Islamabad to end a US blockade of Iran's ports.
A significant obstacle to Tehran rejoining peace efforts
as the end of a two-week ceasefire approaches.
However, the official stressed that no decision has been made.
Iranian Foreign Minister Abbas Araki. Araki?
I think it's Araki.
Let's just keep reading.
Very well.
Foreign Minister Abbas said that continued violations of the ceasefire by the US
are a major obstacle to continuing the diplomatic process.
Well that's unfortunate, just let the diplomacy happen.
That's gonna be tough, that's true.
And I can be tough but fair on my beautiful Filipino son.
Where is he? He's not with me today, okay? Unless he swings by with treats.
Well speaking of treats, I did order Kendall food.
No, they couldn't finish my order.
Oh man, guys we have to take a minute to order Kendall food.
Or she's gonna be sad.
They just don't want me to have bagels today.
This is ridiculous.
If I don't take care of this now guys, it'll just come back to bite us all later.
You'll just have to bear with me.
Okay, okay, okay.
Added.
What the frick?
Why is this place always selling out of bagels?
What kind of bagel shop sells out of bagels?
I'm going to punish them by buying from them again.
Alright here we go, here we go. This has to work.
Work for me.
I should just get some, I should just buy some bagels.
And then I could just make her this stuff.
But there's no time for that.
There was time for you to order it though on stream.
Such as life.
If only the bagel shop had created the website on Wix.
Kendall can do it.
Oh she can't, that's the whole point.
Oh it's 420 and everybody wants bagel.
Is that a popular weed snack?
Yes.
Because it's food?
Oh yeah, qualification is food.
Surely it'll work this time.
Surely.
Anyway.
The war, oh yeah we're talking about that.
Rachy told his Pakistani counterpart,
a shock dar in a telephone call that Iran
while talking all aspects of the matter,
taking all aspects of the matter into account
had yet to decide how to proceed further.
On Monday night Iran's top negotiator,
Mohammad Bakr Kalabaf accused US President
Donald Trump on X of increasing pressure on Tehran
through the blockade and ceasefire violations
saying Iran rejects negotiations under threat.
In the Islamabad talks, Trump is eager for a deal
that would help avoid another surge in oil prices
and plunge in stock markets.
Iran hopes to leverage its control of the straight-of-form moves.
Yada yada yada, you get it.
We're running it back or forth.
Where does running it?
We're running war on repeat.
It's a repeat cycle.
We set it to high spin.
Increasing pressure does seem like something
you'd want to avoid to negotiations to be fair,
says Khmer.
It seems like maybe bombing people during a ceasefire
could break down some of the negotiation process.
If you're not committed,
we're just testing the resolve of peace.
Do you really even want peace if you're not willing
to absorb several bombings every day?
Don't answer that.
I'm not.
Okay, anyway, that's the war stuff.
I suppose we can now do chat news
because there's no time to come back to this segment later, apparently.
The news segment, the whole thing, this network is supposed to be news?
No, it's also other guys yelling at each other about other things, Jeff.
It's not just news.
Hmm, let's see what chat shared in the world today.
Anyway, while I pull this up case,
any thoughts on war?
What? Any just general thoughts?
What are... it's bad.
Okay, that's not... we're looking for serious analysis here.
It is bad, though.
You don't get how news be.
Here's a crazy pin attempt to make you feel
better about the state of the world, everyone.
Prepare for the attempt to pin to be crazy.
A kick's a tune.
Who's even... who is that?
A kick's a tune.
I'm not doing the pinning. It's kind of low res.
Anywhere banned?
Were they having felonsoics?
Oh, that was Jade Cargo.
I probably should have been able to tell from the potty type.
But I couldn't.
He got freaky.
No, she was trying to force the pin.
She's timing when she pushes the shoulders down.
You know, she was anticipating when the shoulder was going to come up
and then she'd push in.
Giggle Trash, thank you so much
for the gifted sub to Skate and Eric.
It's hip control? I didn't mind the level of control in the hips.
I found the level of control professional and impressive.
Me personally.
And lip control.
I don't even quite know what that means.
Okay, sorry. There's other news here that Chad has shared.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
They had a great match. Well, that's lovely.
And I could see how great it was.
That felt great to me.
The Onion has agreed to a new deal to take over Info Wars.
This is still happening?
Won't he just...
Isn't he still doing...
Isn't he still talking all the time?
I guess he just does it out of his car now.
Turns out the more effective way to give people news
is when you're driving around,
you want to weep in your truck
instead of weeping in a big studio.
Maybe someday I'll evolve the presentation over here
so that I'm just speeding through traffic every time I, uh,
ramble at all of you.
It finally happened today. Okay.
The satirical website, The Onion, has a new deal to take over Info Wars,
which is conspiracy theorist Alex Jones' far-right media company.
Their words.
And I guess actually mine.
Wow.
No benefit at all for Alex Jones.
If approved by a Texas judge, the deal would take away his Info Wars microphone
and allow The Onion to resume its plans to turn the website into a parody of itself.
They're really trying to do satire on hard mode
if they're trying to turn Info Wars into a parody of a right-wing conspiracy channel.
Granted, The Onion's had to operate in a political landscape
that is very post-parody for like the last decade,
so if anyone can do it, I guess they can, but...
If someone was like, hey, do you want the Info Wars website
so you can turn it into a satirical comedy website,
it'd be like, no, I do not want to do that. That sounds unduable.
They should just use it for real news.
That would be the most satirical thing you could do,
is they just do hard-line investigative reporting on Info Wars.
John Michaels is speaking of wrestling posted a story about a former wrestler
in a welfare fraud case. Okay, we might get there.
Maybe.
Tim Heidecker is going to work on it.
Interesting.
Maybe it'll be good.
I mean, I think The Onion still does some good stuff.
I still got friends there. Oh, that's why?
Yeah. Okay.
Mm-hmm. All right.
Paraglider rescued from tree while curious cow observes.
He's stuck. Is he alive?
Oh, yeah, he's fine.
Paraglider just got stuck in a tree.
Did he fall off the paraglider into the tree?
Is that the cow making that noise or is someone standing at the site
just jangling a bell?
Oh, it's the cow.
That is a loud bell.
Vigidae Foucault.
Wow, okay.
Oh!
When I saw this was on UPI.com, I got excited.
Fucking not?
I think actually we fucking must.
Sorry.
I'm Ben Hooper and this is Weekend Odds and Ends,
a special Friday edition of the UPI all-time
and ended on April 17th, 2026.
A Chinese partner successfully filed a patent
to voice-activated in-vehicle toilet
that slides out from under a passenger seat.
Oh, hell yeah.
A Chongqing-based automaker series
filed an application for a patent in April 2025.
Everybody's been waiting for this for years.
Everybody was officially authorized earlier this month.
The patent filing for the in-vehicle toilet
states it is intended to satisfy users' toilet needs
on long journeys while the patent is now staying in the car.
The toilet, which is voice-activated,
stores waste in a tank with a rotating heating element
to evaporate urine and dry solid waste.
An exhaust fan is also included to take care of the resulting odors.
The company has not yet announced any vehicles
that will contain the On The Go toilet.
Series is not the first company to design an in-vehicle toilet.
Really? This is the height that we have?
Chinese competitor Paul Stone previously unveiled
a portable toilet consisting of a folding toilet seat
that can be stored in the center console
and removed for use with plastic bags.
Hell yeah.
1954 rolls for a silver-wraith limousine
recently sold by auction house Sotheby's
featured a gold-plated toilet
that had been converted into a champagne cooler.
A champagne cooler?
A toilet champagne cooler?
Answering the phone, Westlake Ohio police
in a recent welfare check on an elderly woman
who had been playing video games.
Listen up, Jack. Schimmer just mama,
jammed 300 shiny tasty coins,
and I've been dying to see this.
All the baggles, nom, nom, nom.
Damn, it's Ben Hooper. Sweet.
You're a harper train.
Yeah, I mean, this makes sense.
Usually I'm like, where did this hype train come from?
But today, today it's an abomination.
And I like that I'm on the side of the hype train.
Why the fuck is Scrum?
Scrum here. I'm not Scrum.
I'm Scrum.
I'm just, I just showed up for Ben Hooper.
You too, Scrum?
Everybody's against me?
I'm just here to watch little Ben Hooper.
Personally.
Whatever.
You know what? Whatever.
Um...
Okay, where's the hype train, though?
Hype train, are you around?
Um...
Oh, yep, yep, yep.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I'm, I think I'm around.
Okay, there he is.
He wishes, I bet he wishes he was Scrum.
He probably does.
We can at least agree on that, hype train.
We used to be pals, man. Why are you so anti-Ben Hooper?
I have my reasons, all right?
What are they?
He's a fucking annoying.
That's crazy. Everyone you're saying is nuts.
He's fighting his voice.
I find it every time I'm here.
Today I want to talk about, uh...
Shitting in a car.
And that's what we were just talking about.
Oh, what a coincidence. That line's unrelated.
I just wanted to talk about shitting in a car.
That's mostly why I arrived today.
In addition to the mountain of hype that has been dumped upon me.
Hype train's been evaporating piss for years?
Is that how the toilet works?
Weren't you paying attention to what Ben Hooper had to say?
I get so excited about Ben Hooper I have trouble even listening to what Ben Hooper's saying.
Then he's not doing his job as a reporter.
Now he's doing it so good that I can't even listen.
Wrapping about Ben Hooper?
A Ben Hooper-type trap beat?
Makes sense to me.
Oh, an animal-type trap beat.
Yes.
Man will some ladies do it like Ben Hooper covers on the news channel.
Okay.
Oh.
Talk us from the front to the back.
Ben Hooper in the chat so you know that none of us can even relax.
He's the master when it comes to dropping the half facts, baby.
He's got these animal takes and he will never take the never fucking back.
Let's go, okay?
Drop a business off, so that he becomes Ben Hooper's on the channel, baby.
So, you know the hype train never plays.
We got a bunch of big deception from me, so much love.
But I'm about to talk to a big, big, big shit in a toilet.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, like a hot dog.
Every time that I'm in the back, or the front of the, of the chat,
of the car man, I don't even know it.
All I know is I'm about to take a shit, so you better have a toilet ready for me.
Every time that I'm in a new cottage, let's go, okay?
BLT-815, five subs, baby.
You know that I am related.
I love to see it. I love to be it.
I love to see it's all achieved and we got so many.
Business ups, so we'll be so much loved that I'm about ready to take another shit, but here we go.
What's up, hype train?
Sorry, I'm just getting so excited off of, I'm thinking about taking the dope in a car.
But you're, you're a train.
Yeah, that doesn't mean that they, someone couldn't make me a train-sized car with a toilet in it.
Think about it.
It's like a rushing doll when I ball, when I'm in a fucking car train, baby.
That's not all.
Turn up my fucking beat.
I'm about to take a shit, baby.
In a car is a train, isn't that shit me?
Okay.
You go trash with the, with the, with the gift that's served to Skate and Eric.
Howdy, you like that?
We got Steve, baby, and he's dropping a hundred bits.
It's just like Apple that was still addicted to Snapple dropping a hundred pamphlet sheets.
Okay.
Skimer with 300, Giggle Trash with the five subs.
Multiply that shit by five, baby, and I think that's the right amount of love.
Okay, we've also got metal chaos.
38 months, you know that they have been hitting the spot.
All right, Steve with the gift and sub coming in for the Giggle Trash, metal chaos.
One community sub coming straight to the back like a headshot.
Snip, snip, snipe.
It's been feeling so damn right.
Taking shits in cars just about every night.
Woo.
Can people take shit in your, shits in your cars?
It's actually mandatory.
The way to board the hike train, you don't even need a ticket actually.
A little guy comes around with a, with a ticket puncher and he punches your poops.
Punches your poops instead of a ticket.
Isn't that cool?
That's how, that's how the ticket system on the train works.
Good shit.
Yeah, this is just how we are living.
Another five subs from Dawn Johnson.
Is this beat in a drum?
I guess.
It's like building up a lot.
Love they says does he get to keep the little pieces of shit that get punched out?
He has to.
And he stores them and he has to store them to make sure that the head count counts.
It's the simple fact that I'm talking about.
When the little guy in my train comes around he has to punch his shit out and save the little punches of the shit so that he knows what's about, who's about and the count.
We gotta know how many passengers are around and if he gets the punch shit count wrong he dies.
That's right.
He doesn't get to stay alive.
I have killed so many of my assistants.
I'm sorry, man, but now they are all heaven sent and by that I mean I sent them back down the hill where they were hired again and as well that's how it goes.
It's like the Krebs cycle before little guys.
I hire them back every time they die.
I summon them into the train and they're alive and then when they fail again guess what they die.
It's like the wheel of Sam Sara except the tickets shit's everyday, but haha.
Know what's up? Resurrection baby with the tickets from the butt.
Who are the little guys that you hire?
You know mostly, um, mostly they're not interns but college students that need jobs.
I'm talking about people that can't afford college.
I exploit them baby and not for their knowledge.
I make them work on the train, work on the train until I put a fucking reader to the brain and I take them out because they couldn't fucking count.
Again they go back to hell and then they come right out.
But now that they are undead they can never go back.
They will never graduate.
They just live in in hell, man.
You mean you torture underprivileged college students to work in your train to punch poops?
Yeah what are you getting about this?
I don't know. It sounds awful.
It's actually a really difficult job market so with you getting bad at me you really shouldn't start it.
I'm actually a much better baby. You inspired. I'm simply a job creator case and you are hires.
I'm not gonna work for you hype train.
But you probably.
I pay a fair rate.
A minimum wage minus costs.
And my costs are so high that they always fucking die.
They get negative paychecks while they are alive.
I've been taking money out of all their college accounts so they get expet from school cause they can't live it out.
They have to never even go back to school baby so they come out slow.
They get even dumber while they punch it in their shit.
And I am sorry baby but that's not how they live undead.
Oh my height.
What's up?
You have anything to say today, I think.
What do you mean I'm talking about so much?
I'm letting you in on business strategy.
This is like, I should put this on TikTok.
And be like this is how you, I don't want to make $10,000 on my side hustle every day.
What?
It's just my side hustle.
Taking passengers around on my group train is just side, is my side hustle.
What's your main hustle?
Piss.
That's right my main hustle is piss.
I'm swimming in there baby and I'm rich.
Every day I'm making billions off the piss.
How?
I sail piss to the highest fucking bidder.
And it is nice cause it comes out wrecked livers.
That's right my piss celtum but it's hot.
What?
My piss comes out impossibly hot.
So people want it lead cause it is like a delicacy.
Every time when they're hitting up the hype drain you see.
They want to buy my piss cause it is the relevancy.
That they all crave when they're jogging piss daily.
It mostly is the soddies.
What?
I mostly sail from the soddies.
They have the highest level of taste when it comes to piss that comes out of a hellish type of place.
I'm talking the piss that I'm selling to all of you.
The richest royal families do.
You need the piss when I am coming through.
I'm selling it for billions dude.
That's a hot piss salad.
Scott motherfucking gets it.
Yeah you just fucking nailed it.
They put the piss all over of their high class salad.
And that is the point of this yet another hype drain ballot.
Partner up case commander get it?
How am I ever gonna make partner?
If anyone ever watches this stream to ascertain its quality the first 20 minutes are a train
rapping about incomprehensible plots about piss.
That should be the title of the stream case.
Incomprehensible plots about piss.
We also have to rap for 30 minutes later.
Hype drain just...
Can't you just die?
Can't you just die hype drain?
That's so fucked up that you're telling me to die case.
This is del you just put just so much time spent.
Talking about how you punched poops and set of tickets.
How you you're in primary business as piss for the Saudi royal family.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry if you don't care.
That I'm spreading the love to all the players.
And chat I'm making them all richer than a job mayor.
Yes, Chad if they fucking care.
Listen up Jack.
Give Trash just my mojain.
300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Day-y loopy-loop will bring you twisty.
We have pleased to announce today Malvah is my new running mate on the Halal day of 420.
Thank you for your attention to this matter.
Jer...
This is such a long beat.
Yeah, sometimes the beats are extra long.
This is how it goes.
I guess so.
Good ton of noise.
You're alive for four more minutes?
There's gotta be something else you want to talk about today that isn't piss.
Also this was an eight minute beat.
What else we got?
Find me one that looks really good.
See in this beat hype drain?
I don't know this guy's sort of...
Breathing out smoke and sucking it in?
He's got a permanent loop of green smoke coming in and out of his nostrils.
Not sure how that works.
Well the hay says it's JRB, another one of Jeb's more sexy and successful brothers.
Yes.
Right?
No that's not lore.
That's not official lore hype drain.
I said the lore.
Hype drain just about to drop the lore.
Great.
Just thought they had it.
But there's more.
Hype drain with the infinite lore.
Got him all saying oh my lord.
The first lore is that case loves to eat shit.
It's true he loves to drop bricks in his mouth every night.
He's been eating up the shit.
And sorry case but that just is how you like to live.
Lore drop.
Lore drop.
This is not accurate lore.
Lore drop.
Lore drop.
The second piece of lore is that case likes to drink.
I don't like to drink piss.
I was gonna say mountain dew.
Interesting case that that is when it came to you.
What you said that you actually do not like to do.
It almost seems like drinking piss was on case's mind.
So I guess lore 3 is that in fact never mind.
He loves to chug piss because that's how he lives.
His permanent bliss is chugging on a big bag of piss.
Mixed with mountain dew so it's by hot too.
Or maybe cold red when it's fucking bleeding dude.
What's up with you?
You shouldn't be pissing now straight red.
But the lore drop 4 is that case is fucking dead.
No that just rhymes with red.
Oh no case is undead.
Oh my god.
He's a scary skelly.
He's a zombie straight up to his belly.
I can't tell because case is so fucking smelly that he's like a fucking corpse every time that he's dead.
See?
Dead see.
Dead see.
Dead see.
What?
Dead see.
Dead see.
Dead see.
Skrulls.
Kite train is on a roll and I just scored another fucking big hype goal because I'm all the way to lore drop number 5.
Is it more about piss?
Lore drop 5 is that I'm addicted to methamphetamines.
That's right this lore drop is about me.
I'm a fucking addict baby and I ain't smoking that green.
I only inject baby and that's the fucking truth.
Stop promoting drug use and talking about shit and piss for the love of god hype train.
Never.
Never.
Never.
Never.
Never.
Methamphetamines on the track on the track.
This is all fucking facts.
It's all facts.
I'm doing with spit facts but it's just raps baby so you better fucking relax.
It's all story telling man.
I can't be held accountable for that.
I also killed whatever hype train.
I also killed many clubs.
Alright.
Lore drop number 6.
I am an open mic stand up train and I changed the game at an open mic.
It's never the same.
I've been going through the smallest open mics in Seattle and I don't treat it like comedy.
I treat it like a battle.
I'm not the mic out of other fucking comics hands.
Then I stand on the stage and I fucking grandstand.
I do all the fucking classics about how women annoy me.
Other races are different and then I do some trans jokes.
Okay hype train.
Finally Jesus Christ.
Thank god we're no longer watching Ben Hooper.
Hype train.
He got banished at just the right time.
You don't think his stand up is very good?
Based on the subject matter I suspect I've seen it at open mics and I don't think it's great.
You haven't seen how the hype train does it though.
Alright.
Well that was about 20 minutes of that.
Good thing there's 30 more minutes of that later while Scrum's rapping so it's different subject matter.
Does Scrum rap about piss?
I don't think so.
He's about to tell us about how women be shopping.
To be fair we don't know if that was his subject matter.
No it was.
Why are you still here?
Sorry I'm about to get sucked back to hell but yes that's what it was.
It's about how women shop.
I'm dying.
Is he dead?
I think he's dead now.
Alright how long have we been streaming?
An hour?
Can it be about piss?
I guess he just saves that for his rap material.
So he does the most baseline boring stand up and only raps about piss.
Yeah that's his...
Those are the lanes he's chosen for himself.
Cool right?
Love the hate.
That is the type of joke that the hype train likes and I don't.
Hype train needs a type 15 about piss and airline food.
See that would... he needs to stay more true to life.
That's my advice for stand up.
It's gotta be based on personal stuff.
Hype train is trying to ride the trends and he's behind the trends.
So I think his stand up is probably not good.
Shots fired.
Three sentence for fake bear attack insurance scam.
Oh it read us back into the hard news.
Important stories like this.
The three sentence for fake bear attack insurance scam.
Three people were sentenced this week in an insurance fraud scam that saw them wear a bear costume while damaging luxury cars in California.
What is the scam?
Something.
There's some kind of scam going on here.
Alifia, Zuckerman, Ruben, Tamrazian and they...
Murad Kanyan.
All pleaded no contest on Thursday to felony insurance fraud and were sentenced to 180 days in jail.
While a fourth person involved in the scheme, Arat Shurkinian has a preliminary hearing scheduled for September.
Four people for a bear costume smashing cars up?
I guess.
I guess that's what this scam was.
This is a hype-trained style scam and how much it's been thought out.
The four were caught because they submitted video of three fake attacks on cars to three different companies.
Oh okay, now I'm getting the scam.
But one group of investigators noticed the bear in a Rolls-Rice moved in ways more similar to a human.
Is there a video of this?
Dwayne Arat Shurkinian and Johnson.
We can only hope that they're related but the story couldn't help but report on it if they were.
UPI would let us know.
What may have looked unbelievable turned out to be exactly that.
Okay, is there a video of this though?
Because I'd love to see the video.
But I don't think there is unfortunately.
At least there's a picture of the bear costume.
Only one of them noticed.
I mean, you know, it's a pretty good look and they got the claws.
Damn, they need to release these videos so that we know where we're being scammed.
When we wake up and our car has been mulled by bears.
That's beautiful.
Honestly, they put in the effort and I feel like they should have gotten away with it.
Is Crackhead Yogi Bear involved?
No, they're giving Crackhead Yogi Bear a bad name by doing bear face.
Ugly shiny fake fur.
I guess if you took it with like a far away, like a shitty security camera.
It was like a ring camera set to a really low FPS.
Maybe they would never notice.
How much can you get for a car getting attacked by a bear?
Depends on the type of insurance you have.
Also, we hit the goal for the partner application.
So I guess that means after the stream I gotta do that.
Oh, how sad for you, case you need to apply for a thing that ostensibly would benefit you.
Only if it works, which I don't think it will because of the aforementioned 20 minute raps about piss and drugs.
Is that really worse than like an Aspen Goldstream?
No, but you shouldn't be partner either.
Okay, a couple more stories here and then we will move on as we have other things to do.
Other confusing things have to happen on the stream.
It's true it was mostly shit.
Oh, now we need another sub goal?
Damn it.
Chat, you can be the judge.
Um, cause that last one paid off.
We found another sub goal.
And I am really bad at thinking of sub goals.
Cause the only ones I think of will take me a full day of work to pull off.
Okay, well, while that comes in, here's a little more news for everybody.
Yes, case for everyone.
Which animal has the biggest testicles?
Clue, they're an impressive 14% of its body.
I bet the humans were 14% of its body mass.
Well, let's just skip to the answer here.
Hmm, hmm.
What is it?
What is it?
A cooking stream.
Okay, that seems pretty reasonable.
In terms of size alone, this escalator of the animal with the biggest testicles goes to the right whale.
Whose testes wave a mass of 1000 kilograms.
And the answer was cooking stream.
Alright, it's been a while since we did that, but as it does take a little bit of setup, we will make that a...
We'll make that a 50 spot.
I'd also, you know, for some reason I made Scrum Wrapping a hundred.
And I made this 150. This one is technically more work in Scrum Wrapping.
Well, the other one was more of like a do it if you dare and chat dared.
And now they must face the music quite literally, yes.
I know. Okay.
Tim Cook stepping down as Apple CEO in September.
Wow, alright. But why?
He'll continue to lead Apple through the summer.
It's been a great privilege to be CEO of Apple.
I love Apple, yada yada yada.
Look at it, peace to Apple, he said visually.
He continued, John Ternes is the mind of an...
Oh, John Ternes is taking over.
He's got the mind of an engineer, the soul of an innovator.
And the heart to lead with integrity and with honor is a visionary
whose contributions to Apple over 25 years have been good.
Paraphrasing to paraphrase, they've been good.
But why?
Why are they doing this?
But why, I'm asking. I'm scrolling.
I'm looking to see if there's any inside scoop here on why from IGN.
Um...
Nope, it's mostly quotes.
It's mostly quotes.
Okay, so we don't really know why.
What about Apples?
The CEO of Apples is still Johnny Appleseed.
And he loves to fuck the Apples.
That's not the story of Johnny Appleseed.
Oh, it's not?
It's not a myth about how a guy fucks Apples?
No, I think it's a guy who plants Apples?
Oh.
Apple Vision kind of sucks.
He was the guy who put all the manufacturing in China.
That was a visionary move. He said,
what if we had cheaper production costs?
And it probably made the money.
It made the money. He had the vision to make Apple more money.
And that vision literally paid off.
Benadryl Boo Boo Bear Crackhead Yogi's Prodigy has been requested as an expert.
Okay.
Um...
I don't know.
I don't know that particular Boo Boo Bear, so...
It'll take a minute to find that.
I'm assuming.
But we will.
But we will, don't worry.
But we'll have to do it later. Later!
Well, because for some reason my thing isn't working.
I'm not supposed to.
Papito, you know what to do, right?
You're just the guy to take care of this, right?
Oh, I see what happened.
One second.
We're having some Boo Boo technical difficulties.
Actually, it looks like my whole internet disconnected on my laptop.
The internet that I used to contact, um...
prospective guests.
I'm kind of surprised the stream didn't take a dump.
But it didn't.
So, we're in luck.
Um, okay.
Benadryl Boo Boo Bear?
Yes.
Got you clogged up with the shit, with the hype train shit.
I mean, it really did.
I was alone.
That's Benadryl Boo Boo Bear?
What's up?
I was supposed to be doing something, or something, man.
Yeah.
I don't think Benadryl is this effective.
No, I see how it added as a bear, man.
He's fucking something else.
It feels like I'm fucking...
my blood is made out of rainbows.
I ain't even trying to quit, man.
I ain't even fucking trying to quit.
So, don't even try to.
This is my lifestyle.
I'm not gonna do...
I also like to make things.
What? I also do woodwork.
That's why I have screws floating around.
Cause I got screws on the mind.
You're a woodworking, bend out bear?
Yeah, they call me Boo Boo Ben Boo Boo.
What?
Call me Benadryl Boo Boo.
Benadryl Boo Boo.
He's just sleepy, boy. You guys are right.
Hmm?
I ain't no sleepy, bud.
We're not gonna be able to get anything out of this guy.
Benadryl Boo Boo Bear, do you really feel like you're setting a good example for the kids?
You're...
Sound a lot like a famous kids character.
And you're promoting drug use.
Not for people, man. Just for bears.
You really don't think bears should do more drugs?
What?
I think you said you don't think bears should do more drugs?
I don't think so.
But we're dangerous creatures.
You're running your bear in the woods and think...
What a guy was fucking...
What a guy was on Zand.
This bear would be chilled out.
And now I'm safe?
There's a public service for me to be this high.
If I love these bears with all of my advice,
they did woodworking while the whole fucking...
their brain was melted.
The forest would be as safe as a blaze.
Benadryl Boo Boo.
I got nothing. I tried, case I tried to ask a real question.
You like Benadryl Boo Boo Bear?
Yeah, man. We can fucking chill in that one.
Also, you're just a guy in a bear hat.
Shut the fuck up. You don't fucking know my life, man.
Know my family. I'm just in high school, man.
You're underage? No, I'm overage for a bear.
I'm an old guy in high school for a bear.
But you are insulting a high school student.
Do you feel like a big guy now?
I'd say we move on. All right, yeah, let's move on.
Looks like we have two other segments to get through today.
Before...
Scrumtress. Scrum-scrum-stravaganza.
That's difficult. Scrum-stravaganza.
It's difficult for a non-newsmouth to say.
It's not that hard.
Oh, you couldn't do it.
You're a junior, not a minor.
A junior in fucking...
the school of fucking...
High school. High school.
Yo.
Do drugs.
He needs to be a new intern.
I'll fucking take the job, man. I'm in.
I need to make some changes, man.
My life's falling apart. You just said you never want to quit.
I don't want to quit drugs, but I'm not. I don't have a good job.
Woodwork does not pay the way it used to,
even when it's an adorable bear doing it.
Well, you, to be fair, you're a guy with hands.
So maybe you're just not living up to the idea of a bear doing woodwork?
Wow, you guys are...
This is a hostile work environment I quit.
You were never hired!
I fucking quit.
I don't need this shit. It's not worth it.
It's not what they're cost of your soul, guys.
Don't let anybody ever take anything from you ever.
It's not worth it. It's never been worth it.
Never let anybody ever be not you, man.
What? This shit's hype, dude. I like this.
What? This music's fucking getting me going.
Got a weird reaction to that music.
He's on a lot of Benadryl, so...
You guys didn't hear that?
We're moving on. We'll get a debate out of the way.
Then we'll do the other things.
And then we'll listen to Scrum Rapp for quite a while.
It's debate time, everyone.
Is pimping easy? That's the debate today?
For most people know from me, obviously, yes, so that's confusing.
The other confusing thing is I am here, so you don't need anyone else.
But for some reason, you've probably already seen him sneaking into the side of the frame.
It is, unfortunately, Scrum.
That is not him. That is Jeff Ripple in a wig.
I was letting Jeff Ripple try on your hair.
That's interesting, because it's still on my head.
Barely.
I bet you wish there was any hair on your head.
I don't, actually. I enjoy being bald, actually.
It's a sign of high T.
Meanwhile, your hair is more like a sign of high C.
You probably drink fruit juices, because you're a child.
You can drink high C as an adult. Who does?
Who does?
This is a case example of why pimping is difficult.
Okay?
Because you're never going to have the energy to do classics 90s style pimping.
90s style. I think of pimping more so as just the general thing people said in the 90s.
They'd apply it to all sorts of circumstances.
It just means being a dominant alpha male.
That's what you think pimping is.
You don't think it's the systematic exploitation of women?
That's the kind of thing you say when you're not pimping.
We used to pimp rides.
We used to pimp ourselves, but in a cool way.
And none of it is easy because of people like you making it hard.
I'm ahead in the play.
We're tied in the playing couch, so you can't pick.
I think it's...
You know what? Fine. I think it is easy.
Easy for me is probably what you're thinking.
No, I think it's easy to do amoral things and exploit people.
That's what I think. I think that's the lowest...
The low road.
Pimping is the low road.
What? That should have been the title of Pimp My Ride.
It should have been riding the low road all the way to hell.
Well, they just plused up cars in that show.
They just remodeled cars.
This is just like a house improvement show for cars.
Well, they weren't pimping women in cars.
That's what you think Pimp My Ride was?
I thought that there was a show on MTV about selling ladies of the street in automobiles.
Because the title was Pimp My Ride.
So I assume there's people pimping in their rides.
They're thinking like HBO's Real Sex.
It wasn't about that apparently, Mr. Smith. I'm confused.
So what was it? It was exhibit.
Just, you know, making people's cars cool.
Oh, that's fake taxi.
I don't get the naming conventions of TV shows.
You know Temptation Island is about a bunch of attractive people having sex?
No, not having sex. Even more confusing.
A lot of it was about people like being tempted away from the path of God.
But they don't even bring that up. It's all sex.
It's all sexual. Which is a form of temptation. I get it.
But it should be more religious.
How are we not... Look, I'm fine. I'm on the side of pimping is hard.
I guess. And I'm on the side of it's easy. Pimping is not easy.
And I'm saying pimping is easy.
If we have a mod that can make that debate before Trump just keeps talking,
I'm gonna keep talking. This is what we do. We talk.
The sooner you accept that, the sooner we can finally be good pals.
That is literally never gonna happen you realize, correct?
I'm just saying.
I believe people can change.
Even you.
Someday there will be a Christmas miracle.
Where you start to actually improve.
Okay.
Oh my God. You put in the poll. I do not want to keep talking to you.
Oh, is it not working? It didn't launch.
Oh, I think I see why.
Wait, wait. I'll have to reach you. You don't have to bother.
I think I got you.
I think you just need one extra little space here.
Boom. That didn't work either. God damn it.
What's happening to this stream?
I think that should have worked.
Maybe you can't have a question.
Oh wait, no. There was an X. Okay, wait.
No?
I don't know what happened.
I'm not sure. Let me see.
I don't know. Okay.
Whatever. I'll just see if I can do it the old fashioned way.
Yadda, yadda.
Honestly, this is sort of fun.
It's been a while since I launched a poll in the classic way.
It's pimping. Easy.
Yeah.
Nah, I'm on the side of yeah. Just to be clear.
Oh, somebody already figured it out for me.
I didn't even need to bother.
Thank you to our wonderful mods.
Get to the pimping.
Look.
Wait, which side are we on?
You're on the side of easy.
I'm on the side of hard. Okay.
I get confused sometimes. I know.
Sorry.
Anyway, a pimping is easy. It's easy to um,
it's always easy to take advantage of people.
Okay. The real challenge is being a good person.
So I think if we want to say anything is hard,
it's caring about those around you,
being a giving husband,
being understanding,
staying true to your moral code.
Um, respecting women shouldn't be hard,
but in this society, I'll say it can be.
And while certain aspects of pimping,
like probably wearing a heavy coat in hot weather,
I could imagine that being difficult on a spiritual level.
I'm saying it's easy.
And you can take that all the way to the bank,
but not with your pimping money.
Oh, Jesus Christ. All right. Look, pimping is in fact hard.
Even in a classic sense of just prostituting people
and trying to control various prostitutes,
I'm assuming it's fucking difficult.
You're on the streets, you're having to do all sorts of unpleasant physical labor
to take advantage and exploit people.
Look, it's not that fucking easy.
If it was that easy to be a sociopath, everybody would be one.
That's not the reason not everyone's a sociopath.
Yes, it is. It's hard to have no feelings for those around you
and to exploit their bodies.
You have to shut all sorts of parts of your brain off and say,
ultimately this is about me fucking having nice stuff.
And most people aren't willing to commit to that level of rigorous inhumanity.
It takes an actual fucking sick-ass legend that looks awesome
and for coats to do that.
And that is why pimping is hard.
It's also hard to pimp rides because most people can't fucking work on cars
for even two seconds.
Not really. Hard. Thank God.
It is probably hard.
Crazy to say that it's not.
I guess in the sense that all labor is a little difficult.
You're also assuming all pimps are exploiting women.
Of course they are.
Why the whole process is exploitation.
Thank you.
I got myself a little treat today.
I've been on a diet lately.
And my treat drink...
Sorry, not to change the subject, but my treat drink...
My treat drink is a...
I get a latte, but I say hold the shots of espresso.
All I want is vanilla, syrup and lavender.
I want three pumps of each.
And that's my little treat drink.
Ooh, that is lovely.
There's no coffee in that?
I say hold the coffee.
So it's just milk and syrup.
You're just drinking chocolate milk, but with extra steps.
No, it's lavender and vanilla milk, actually.
And I keep the milk whole.
I say, you know what?
You have cream. You have 100% creamer.
I say about half and half.
I'll take that over milk.
You're drinking full cream lavender vanilla.
It's my treat drink, because I'm on a diet.
I ordered a bagel, actually.
I'm okay, though. Thank you for now.
You're beautiful and I love you.
I'm much...
I just say that to people who...
Because I respect people so much.
I'm such a good guy.
Thank you.
That's our assistant here.
That I respect...
You could say, actually, I'm a pimping boss.
And it ain't easy.
You love Kendall.
No, that's Crendl.
In the studio, we have an assistant named Crendl.
I refuse to accept this piece of lore.
Lore? That's what you think. Consider Crendl to be as lore.
Your view in person is just a fun factoid.
No, not Susan. Crendl.
Why can't it just be Susan? It's Crendl.
God damn it.
I do know Crendl's name.
Oh, you're accepting Crendl at last?
Of course I know Crendl.
And I also treat Crendl well.
Susan works in other parts of the building, guys.
We need our own assistant here because we have a big-time studio.
That's why we have Crendl.
Feels unnecessary. You think Crendl's unnecessary?
Just fine. Yes.
Crendl is necessary, obviously. Reluctantly, you say this.
That's because pimping is so hard for you.
But I'm pimping for Crendl all the time.
What is pimping meaning in this context?
Treating like a boss.
I'm being a boss treating like a boss.
You don't even understand pimping.
You clearly don't, as well.
Really? And how come I'm pimping so hard?
All the time. That is all the time we have, which I was going to say.
It's my outroes. For my show, my name's First.
Which makes it mine.
They should put a propocrophy S. It should be Munch's crumb.
Because you work for me.
Get rid of that end.
You feel like a big boy when you fly off the handle like this?
You feel like...
Does it make you feel like those diapers you're wearing are a little bit lighter?
I'd do not wear diapers!
Though it is a more efficient way to bathroom, I do not wear diapers.
God, I won so hard. You can't even handle it.
See you soon.
I didn't see you.
I actually can't see you.
Not in a traditional sense, at least.
I actually have my glasses.
Hey everybody. It's Jeff Nugget.
Good to see you all.
Why did you say your name like that?
Jeff Nugget? That's just our name, Daddy.
That's my daddy's daddy's in the wood. Hello.
Yep.
You should not even remember that he was dead and in the wood.
And lately, he's remembering too much.
When can the sub-goal be to destroy my wood and release me?
What makes you think it would release you?
What makes you think he just wouldn't become nothingness?
That sounds preferable.
He's in a bad mood today, so let's just move on.
You can share how-to's in the bin section at the Discord, theCream.team.
Let's see what people have been sharing.
Looks like we have another cooking stream coming up potentially.
I'm excited for that.
That sounds like a whole lot of fun.
Olderbee says I heard skinwalker Jeb scurries under the house to hibernate
and feeds off the blood of the hobos he catches.
That'd be an interesting thing if I weren't that, but I'm the real Jeb.
So you're talking about a different person and your words don't hurt me.
And why would I drink hobo blood?
If I'm willing to commit murder, I may as well make sure I'm getting blood that's clean.
I'm just saying it'd be unreasonable to not.
All right. It's 420, everyone.
You know, in a lot of part places in the country,
whoa, smoking marijuana is legal.
So this is a legal holiday, not federally, but at the state level.
So it's okay for me to share this stuff.
Don't be such a poose.
Don't say that, Daddy.
Anyway, here's how-to DIY gravity bomb, a public service announcement.
As you smoke that loud on 420.
I don't smoke myself.
The doctor said my esophagus would melt.
It's very sensitive to heat changes.
So I have to suckle on a lot of ice cubes all day.
Anyway, for your enjoyment, here's DIY gravity bomb.
Okay, knife something? That's fun. I like that you get to cut something.
A tin foil? Oh, scissors. I love those.
Paper clips, those can be fun too, but be carefully poke.
Oh, I like this up close of a hand-wielding a sharp object. That's fun.
Mmm, I like how much poking and cutting is happening.
Use a five-yellow and jug in a bathtub? Oh, bathtub. All right.
Oh, that seems like a lot. She looks happy about it.
She didn't need a bathtub at all. Or a bathtub.
Is this that KP True TV show about shortcuts? I think so.
I think that was made by Kevin Perrara.
Meanwhile in Ohio? How'd you guess?
All right, well, anyway, that's your 420 for the day.
Even if I can't smoke on my shelf, I don't want to yuck your yum.
Just do it responsibly out of a shelf-made gravity bomb, please.
Anyway, continuing on, here's how to do the basic Egyptian.
And that's not talking about the nationality or...
So now we're going to learn how to do the basic Egyptian.
Okay. Come back to the neutral position, keep in the knees bent.
Okay. Once again, chest lifted, lower abs in.
And you're going to touch the right foot in front and come back.
Touch the left and come back. Touch the right and come back.
Touch the left and come back.
Keep the knees slightly bent at all times.
And now as you touch, you're going to push the hip up and release.
Oh, hips. You have to use your hips.
And as you push up, that hip is going to go to the opposite upward diagonal.
So if you're squeezing your right hip up, you're going to aim at the left upper corner.
I can't, guys. I can't use my hips.
And the left side...
Doctor said I can't.
...in the right upper corner.
I have very pointy hip bones.
And they went protrude from my skin.
And twist.
Once again, you want to make sure you're not bouncing in space.
The chest is lifted. The head is still.
Once again from the side.
And now we're going to add arms.
Same active side of the leg will be active on the arm as well.
So the right hand will reach right in front.
The left will touch the top of your head.
Okay. All the time.
You want to switch, pushing right in front.
And down.
I feel like I'm doing water calisthenics. This is lovely.
Hmm.
So now we're going to start both the hand and the leg at the same time.
Reaching forward the right side with a twist.
And switch with a twist.
Let's try that with music.
Oh my God. She's getting advanced. She's rotating.
This isn't insensitive somehow, is it?
I'm not like appropriating a culture.
So you can see lots of different variations,
but this is one of the most basic versions.
So this is how you do the basic Egyptian.
Look, I nailed the hands. I can do the hands now.
I think it's also important that you just kind of waggle your body around while you do it.
Only two Egyptians? Are there any here?
That's your qualification?
Well, if none are around, then they can't be offended.
How to face dance? This is great.
This can't involve my hips.
Which the doctors say I need to lay off the hips again.
Lay off your hips, they said.
This is from Hey Idiot Amy.
Teaching us how to face dance.
I'm playing a face dancing class on just how to get the right eye going.
We got to go one by one. You can't just try to do a combo like I do right off the bat.
What?
That's for professionals. Like me.
We got to go one by one.
We just start with the right eye. We get that going.
And then we go, okay, great. Now can you switch to just the left eye?
Good. That was on beat. Right? You felt it.
It was bump, bump, bump, one eye, and then bump, bump, bump.
The other eye. Now, we got to get the mouth going.
And then you got to add in tongue movement.
You know, up, down, side, side.
What?
Now, side to side.
You get that going and then add it all in.
And now let's do left eye, right eye, mouth, and then tongue.
See, that was a combo.
Don't go for the straight up combo if you don't feel like you're ready yet.
Because you could get hurt.
You could.
Safe from the first.
I mean, we all know that, right?
We were in that third grade, first grade, kindergarten.
I don't actually know what I learned that, but it's a phrase people throw around.
Safety first, you know?
Anyway, see that was almost like a double combo.
You feel how long that one was?
I don't think she's taking this seriously as an instructor.
If you feel you're like, oh man, I can't do the combo.
It's okay.
Show us what you've got, Amy.
Just go back to one, one, one, one, and then switch.
One, one, then eventually maybe, you know, a little combo there.
You haven't even shown us the combo.
I don't know if I can do it.
Is she going to do it?
I need to see it at the end.
Taste.
Just a little quick tip.
Have a little coffee before you're not awake.
It's not going to get home.
Do your homework like the one, one, one, one, one.
You know, we got to get those going.
Eventually advance.
It's going to include the whole body.
I'm not going to show you how I get into that.
That's just a quick demo.
Is that offensive?
Just a little quick tip.
Have a little coffee before you're not awake.
It's not going to work.
You know, I can do tired face dancing because I'm again, like I said before, a professional.
She didn't do it ever.
I don't even think I skipped it.
In front of friends or like on a first date, you know, I've done that and they just think I'm having a seizure.
I need to see an example.
I'm just going to search face dancing.
I need someone to actually do it.
This is a face dance with 51,000 views.
This is the only music I have handy.
I'm not feeling.
Ah!
We're trying to learn.
You weren't even on the sad beat.
There's not a beat exactly.
It's more of a long end piano.
I'm trying to feel the sadness, Daddy.
There's only so much face you have.
More bottom lip.
You're correct.
More, I hear more.
Ah, ego.
I don't have any egos, propaganda.
Okay, that's all the time we have for today.
I'm being told to send it to Brendan so that we can then.
Whoa!
$109 have been raised for charity.
Oh, yeah, that's tea.
Not on mutual aid.
Listen up, Jack.
Yes?
Kegel Trash, just philanthropies, three money buck.
And man, I probably shouldn't say this, but, oh, sorry, wrong room.
I was looking for Ben Hooper.
I understand that, actually.
That's fair.
He's not here.
If I knew where he was, I'd be there trapping him in some wood.
That would be quite the souvenir to have.
I'm kidding.
I won't do that to you, Ben.
I don't even do it to my dad.
What?
Okay, let's send it down to Brendan who's going to play a game.
And then we will listen to a guy rap for 30 minutes, which is honestly pretty normal for this stream.
Anyway, it's game time.
You're never too old to learn a trick.
Tony, it's almost time.
It's almost time for rap time, but I won't be doing that.
I don't have time to rap.
I'm very busy.
Okay.
What I'm playing is my game here.
I'm a world-renowned gamer.
And I'm pissed off about it.
It fucking sucks being so good at games because none of them are fun anymore because I beat them too easily.
Sorry, this is truth.
Rap, no.
How about no?
What, mom?
Thank you.
I do need it cleaned.
I really did.
Things that happened in it.
She doesn't mean my underwear, by the way.
That's what I call it.
All right.
I'm supposed to play Resident Evil.
Oh, good.
I already have that.
It's a game I already, I've played and I already have and I can load up.
Oh, wait, no.
Wait, sorry.
I'm wrong.
I'm supposed to play Resident Evil 4.
Show them your sick rap skill, sweetie.
It's so cute.
Resident Evil 4 Otome Edition.
What does Otome mean?
Yeah, I see Live and Sleazy.
I have to do a new thing, it turns out.
I can't show you my skills for the game I beat.
Interesting how everyone's always against me.
Showing how good I am at games.
There's a browser version of this.
This game will now open in full screen mode.
I was watching this guy, Jeb, and he was talking about a hey-go-face.
Do you want to practice that with me?
I got to get it right for Pastor Joe's birthday surprise.
It didn't open in full screen mode.
There we go.
Mom, I don't, I'm supposed to let go what?
I don't know what she's saying.
Sorry.
Hey there, welcome to Resident Evil 4 Otome Edition.
Before you dive in, we need to do a little housekeeping.
First, the legal stuff.
This game is a parody made solely for entertainment purposes.
Mom, what?
Put your tampon in.
It's already in.
Sorry, I have a leak.
I have an open sore that's very deep and leaking.
I've been using women's products to clog it
because it's more effective than a Band-Aid.
I'm not so insecure that I'm ashamed to say that.
Despite what you may have heard,
if you haven't bought a copy of Resident Evil 4 yet,
well, we don't believe you, but go ahead and do that.
We'll wait.
Okay, I have.
I literally have.
Okay, done.
This will load assets into memory
and create a smoother experience.
Choose your method that suits you.
I'm going to finish the giant batch of Jell-O you made in the tub anytime soon.
I'd really like to take a shower.
No, that's just the stuff that fell off me when I was showering a couple years ago.
You still haven't cleaned it?
Weird.
I haven't even used it in like two years.
I get it.
Why settle for a king-size loading bar when you can have 42 fun-size loading bars?
Okay, there's 42 chapters.
There's 42 chapters of this.
That's actually crazy.
Leave your tampon in too long.
You'll get toxic shock syndrome.
Yeah, the doctor said I've been giving that to other people,
and that's part of why I need to clog my wound.
Okay, what is this?
New game, please.
What?
Oh, no.
It was the year everything changed.
I became the president's daughter soon after the target of a cult.
I remember this.
I remember this.
Many years have passed since that horrendous incident.
And in all that time, I've never told anyone my side of the story.
Okay.
My name is Ashley Graham.
And it's about time for-
Hey, Dan Brand, we were watching WrestleMania
and saw your buddy IsoSeed hit a frog splash on Logan Paul.
Good for him.
Who knows who'd show their wang on the internet?
Mom-
Should I be worried about you, pumpkin?
I don't think they have friends named Wang, Mom, so I don't know.
And we can't say we own people like that anymore.
You're gonna get me banned again.
Um, few exams are done.
Thank goodness, God.
I can't believe I'm gonna make a C in government.
I can just hear Daddy griping about it.
Rick, what?
Tropical storm on rea was a moderate tropical storm that struck Florida during the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season.
Rick, you don't need to call me with these facts.
Okay, exams are done.
Think of heading Ashley's president's daughter can barely pass college government course,
administration's credibility in doubt.
Oh, that's the headline she thinks of.
It's not that it was hard just to supremely dull.
Political theory is already tedious and it didn't help that Dr. Derevo is a total man droid.
Where are all the young passionate teachers?
That's my generation's needs.
Dad is always pushing me to find a pet project.
Well, I guess I'll have plenty of time to think of a pitch on the way back to DC for now.
Better hurry to find my driver before Jenna finishes her exam.
She's never more than a few minutes behind me.
I'm starting to think that's intentional.
I pulled up my phone to call my driver only to find that the battery had died while I was taking my exam.
Darn, I really need to remember to change this more often.
I don't need Daddy griping at me about it.
Ooh, well, at least John is the predictable sort.
He'll probably just be outside my residence hall.
I started walking toward my sorority building and quickly spotted my driver's usual car.
The person standing next to the car, however, was anything but expected.
God, okay.
Oh, oh, wow.
Okay, yep.
Oh, wait, what?
Rick, what?
Sorry, I just discovered Wikipedia.
You know that guts boobs on there.
It does?
I'm not in favor of that.
I think that kids are on that website.
Ashley Graham is one of the scientists.
You're Ashley Graham?
Yes, listen.
This is about my father's recent statement about the slashing of the veterans budget.
I don't know.
I'm your bodyguard.
I've been sent to the president to escort you back home.
Oh, oh, dad.
I told me I'd be getting a new bodyguard.
A new bodyguard, didn't I?
Yeah, you did.
In the flesh.
Caught you off guard, didn't I?
Yeah, definitely.
Although it did something change.
Dad said I wouldn't meet my new bodyguard until I came back home.
Is this reading the game?
Because I don't like doing that.
Yes, yes, wait, yes.
To the change of plans.
We've received intel suggesting that you might be a target for a kidnapping.
Brick, I'm reading right now and I don't like it.
What?
Brick, what?
Scalia in gustafolia is a small shrub or perennial herb.
The leaves of the plant are alternate with dentate, prickly margins, and is densely lannied be.
Brick, I told you I don't support Wikipedia if there's breasts on the website.
Okay, well, here in the Harleau and Harzl Harbor, that's what Ashley says.
Then this guy says, we don't know exactly if they didn't want to take any chances.
That's why I'm hearing it.
What's with the dubious chuckle?
Probably just another dude who thinks muscles are a good replacement for tech.
Then they're done them.
Whoa, okay.
That's pretty spicy, Ashley.
Well, Mr. Bodyguard, don't do you have a name to go by?
It's Klaus.
Klaus, is that German or Austrian maybe?
You don't remind me.
Excellente.
Yamal, 5-5-5-5.
Brick.
5-5-5-5.
Brick, stop promoting your-
Resbalonicaida.
Yamal, 5-5-5-5.
5-5-5-5.
5-5-5-5.
Yamal, 5-5-5-5.
5-5-5-5.
5-5-5-5.
5-5-5-5.
Brick.
5-5-5-5.
5-5-5-5.
5-5-5-5.
5-5-5-5.
Brick, I get-
Brick.
5-5-5-5.
Yamal.
God, he's always promoting his Spanish language law firm.
Fuck.
Okay, Klaus, he's German.
Whatever.
God, what?
What's the point of this?
He's teleporting.
What the fuck just happened?
I didn't- why'd everything skip?
Oh, God.
Guys, it's just skipping like crazy right now.
Klaus started the car up-
DERRON, apply directly to the head.
Head on, apply directly to the head.
Head on, apply directly to the head.
Uh, Crypto, Zeus, someone asked where my take on is reading fundamental?
It's not.
You don't need to anymore.
There's literally podcasts and everything has pictures now.
And if you don't understand something, you can literally talk to chatGBT and say,
make me a picture of it, and then you don't ever have to read again.
And if you have a speaking interface with chatGBT,
you can just tell it to make you pictures of everything you don't understand.
And it's just more efficient that way.
Anyway, that's my W take.
Klaus started up the car, which kept to me from having to hear what Jenna was trying to say.
She ran up to the door.
Who the fuck is Jenna?
I'm barely reading in there, Brandy.
Barely.
You're a great baby.
I don't care what your teacher said.
Mom, I'm literally barely reading.
I have an earpiece in that's and chatGBT's saying it so that I can then repeat it.
I hate that I have to indulge her.
Just keep her from gossiping about me to the press.
She doesn't even talk to me.
She just wants to compare bodyguards and grades.
Okay.
Why does Ashley look also so fucked up by the way?
She looks very strange.
Well, Klaus, you're part of the Grammarly now.
So you should roll down the window and tell Jenna how important your mission is.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
What is the point of this?
Ashley.
Oh, he killed her with a stung grenade?
Oh my God, Klaus.
Did you just blow up Jenna?
Oh, it's...
Right.
Is this your German language law form?
What is happening?
Okay.
Obviously, I've said a lot of things about the German people and my support of them.
Brick, I don't need you speaking it to show that I care.
Um, all right.
What?
Yeah, I called a paparazzi.
All right, I'm just gonna...
I'm just skipping.
Just skipping.
Just trying to have fun.
So I drew a soft domestic with just humor.
Mom.
I need to update my hacked Nintendo Wii.
So I watched Netflix tonight with Pastor Joe.
Get the Wi-Fi so I can update the homebrew.
Mom, I have to load all 42 chapters of this.
Did you just farted in my door?
Oh my God, I'm never fixing your Wii.
Okay, they made a plan.
Look, they made a plan.
You get it.
They're going...
He's tricking her into going to Spanish Transylvania.
I'm assuming.
And maybe that's the end of the game.
Save.
If you read this whole game, you complete your book at badge and get a free personal pan pizza.
Oh, really?
I do like to get free pizzas.
Okay.
Oh my God, they're still in the car.
She's thinking he's gay.
I'm gonna summarize this.
Something about him being German.
Um, she's claustrophobic, which is a good joke.
She doesn't know what to say.
There's music playing.
Oh, what should I ask him about?
I'm gonna ask him about your love.
So, um, you have a special someone back home waiting for you?
Brick.
If you don't like the question, then don't watch.
Okay?
I'm the one playing the game.
You don't have to be so angry.
It's cool if you're single too.
Nothing wrong with it.
I'm single.
He's single, I guess.
Okay.
I like men.
Oh, he likes men.
Oh, he's gay.
That's fun.
What's the story about the steroids?
About the scar?
About the scar?
So how'd you get that scar?
What scar?
He's sensitive.
What's the scar?
I don't know.
I'm not a good person.
I'm a good person.
Mom.
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
She felt like her intestines became a trampoline for her stomach.
I don't know why my mom is muttering foreign languages into my door.
Okay.
I don't know why you're doing that, mom.
I don't speak them, so I'm not listening.
The path eventually leveled as we came into the clearing,
allowing me to complain properly.
What's the big deal, Klaus?
You're not Mad Max.
Blah, blah, blah.
Oh, my God.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah.
Okay.
Looking around, we seem to be at a suspiciously empty and remote helipad.
I had a sinking feeling in my gut that something was amiss.
Hey, Klaus.
I'm not in an official US military helipad.
I've been to a bunch, but this seems a little unrefined.
Ha, ha, ha.
I'm too quick for you.
Oh, God.
I'm under attack, finally.
I'm not in the mood for start, Klaus.
Go tell me what's going on right now.
Oh, we're talking.
You're being kidnapped.
The rest for you is, the rest isn't for you to worry about.
How could you do this to me?
Do our mutual nicknames mean nothing to you?
This porn has a lot of story.
It's fun while it lasted.
Is this about mommy?
My dad can give you money.
Sorry, girly.
You're going to Sadler.
You remember the plot of the game that you're in?
Almost let it slip.
Enough talk.
Time to fight, princess.
Got her.
We'll play more later.
That's crazy.
I gave it two whole chapters, all right?
Live and sleazy tricked you into reading a book.
He did, and I really resent it.
I'm very open on the stream that I'm anti-book.
I think they're bad for your brain.
Recently, a lot of billionaires have been saying that they don't...
Like, successful people literally don't have internal monologues.
And that's all that a book is.
It's literally just someone else's internal monologue, which is even worse for your brain.
Because if you want to be successful, don't have that.
And that's why I don't.
I barely have internal blood anymore.
I don't need thoughts in there.
The doctor said I'm mostly out of blood recently, so...
I really don't have time to have internal monologue.
Put that shit in my hand.
If that money doesn't show the you...
Yeah, I'm leaving. I gotta go.
Okay, the game asked me if I had to go, and the answer is correct.
Yes, I do.
We'll play it. We'll load from chapter 3 the next time that we want to read,
which will be never.
I will never read again.
And that's a promise.
All right.
We need to listen to some guy who's honestly got a really bad attitude wrap for a while.
Rick what?
What?
Have you any wool?
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Three bags full.
One for the master. One for the dame.
One for the little boy who lives down the lane.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I think we're gonna end on whatever that is,
because that honestly was beautiful, Rick.
I like it when you say stuff that's cool.
It's time for...
a 30 minutes of a guy rapping.
So enjoy that.
I'm outta here. Bye.
That was good reading, son.
You did a great job.
Pastor Joe thinks so too.
This isn't ideal.
This isn't how this is supposed to look at all.
One second.
Sorry everyone, Scrum is having trouble.
Let's try that again.
He did. He ate me for a minute.
Wine that back.
These are still on?
William Kevin Donnelly, born July 4, 1951,
is an American former college football coach.
He served as the head...
Okay. Scrum, try that again.
God damn it.
One second, everyone.
The angle here is off, so I don't look quite right.
Ridiculous.
Hey, Bran Bran, do you remember the show Small Wonder?
I wanna get a robot so bad.
Buy me a robot pumpkin.
Buy me a robot, damn it.
Mom, what?
Brandon's mom, what? You're not my mommy.
You're not.
Just a second, I have a couple things to do
because certain things didn't work.
Certain things...
I'll say it, they're not quite working.
Because this is an unplugged and highly personalized
experience that we're about to do.
Cinco, cinco, cinco.
Sorry, let me just get my extra arms out of the way.
Okay.
One other thing to take care of.
Just a second.
I'm gonna need a timer for this.
I'm going to be needing a timer.
Okay.
And that should do it.
Okay, everyone, you're about to...
I hate music, first of all, let me get this out of the way.
I despise music. It's a waste of time and effort.
Everyone ever who's played music is wasting their time in a fool.
Anyone who raps is an idiot and a buffoon,
when you are forced to by legal contract.
It's the only acceptable reason under which one may play,
not enjoy music or actively participate in music.
I've been very upfront about this, it is the only reason I will be
unleashing the disgrace of music upon the world
from my otherwise reasonable
and carefully considered lips.
Here's what you can do.
You can send thoughts to me
to inspire musical greatness.
I will at some point be starting the timer.
Also, I guess, feel free in the bin section,
just the base bin section of the Discord, if you want.
You can post beats.
Because we're going to need quite a few to get through this.
There's a particular beat you want, just put it in the news section
of the bin Discord and I might click on it.
As we get to it, okay?
30 minutes of wrapping.
Obviously everybody wanted me to do this.
And I understand why, because, you know,
you see me and you think, well, obviously he can.
Obviously he has the mental ability to do so.
And because I'm a buffoon who likes music.
Why, I desperately want to see this.
Well, I'm going to hate every second of this.
But I do it out of legal contractual obligation.
Okay.
Complaint type trap beat.
Complaint type trap beat is what I'll be putting in here
because I don't like that I have to do any of this.
Oh, wait, we already have a beat in here from Reverie Wolf.
Let's see what we got.
Backdoor Labrador.
Okay, we'll get to it eventually.
But let's start this timer.
It's got to be 30 whole minutes.
I believe that should work.
Why didn't the timer didn't start?
Oh man.
Exclamation point timer 30.
Is that what I need?
Set it to metric time.
I guess I could just open up a separate timer.
Oh, there we go. Start it.
I got to go.
Okay.
Turn up all the headphones.
Swirl up my voice.
This is part of it. All raps have talking intros.
This is part of it guys.
Raps have long talking intros.
You can't deny that they do.
So this counts.
Wrestling, I think that you just stopped it.
There was less wrestling and way more advertising budget.
I mean, god damn, the shit is a pain.
Got to hear about dungarees just to watch Roman Reigns.
That shit sucks.
And here's what's up.
I got punked by some CM punk.
The shit's bunk.
Just selling me shit to put in my fucking trunk like motor oil.
Bitch, you are spoiled.
That shit does the rule like O'Doil.
Okay, I'm moving right on and on and on.
I'm fucking scrum and I'm on an infinite scrum.
All right, where's the fucking button?
I ain't even starting.
Is Muncher from the cooler guy?
You know something?
Hi, I'm 420 bitch.
I got plenty. I am anti-weed because it's bad mentally.
That's right.
You need to stay permanently sharp.
That's why with weed you probably should never start.
I ain't fucking split to catch my drift.
I think you're getting biffed and not back to the future with you.
Smoke weed, you're a loser.
I don't care where it sits for 20.
The weed is not what I choose, sir.
And so let's move right on.
Bless up to Jegg while that name is wrong.
I'm actually scrum.
Are you fucking dumb?
Sorry to all the haters, all of the bums,
but I am not September.
My name is fucking scrum and I'm a B number one.
I'm the mic before I am done.
Actually I started at number one and I've never fucking dropped.
And if you start, step to me.
I'm sorry. It's your loss.
Spanish language law firm commercial deliberate.
I gotta move this.
I'm gonna have to move. This is gonna bother me.
The timer's in the wrong fucking spot.
And if I keep it there, well, I'm gonna have to stop.
So I've gotta go in here and adjust a couple things.
I don't even care, okay?
I don't even care if I rhyme right now.
Actually, I have to fix this.
It's blocking the words that I have to hear.
To do this correctly.
Up we go.
That's a better spot for it.
It still counts. That's a wrap interlude.
It counts as a wrap interlude.
Yeah, that's a timer in the wrong place interlude.
Okay, here's a beat from Reverie Wolf.
It better be good.
What?
What the fuck is this shit?
Spanish language law firm commercials
delivered by a special ops agent on a man child's game stream.
Okay?
That's a thing that can happen.
Spanish language you just learned your lesson.
Co-Mose-D say, I don't fucking care, man.
If you've got a language to spell that isn't English baby,
well then you know the drill.
Scrum English in for the kill.
I hate other languages and that is my deal.
There should be a language and no tower of babble
and if you hate that then baby, I have too much to handle.
This beat. I think I'm on it though.
311 but super Canadian themed.
Is that like 420?
March 11th is that a holiday?
Is 311 311 day?
Come original is what they all say but I don't even fucking care
because music is bad baby.
Alright.
A hego face.
What's in a hego face?
What's in a hego face?
So dumb that makes me stick up my tongue man.
Crumb is a bum.
You want me to stick up my tongue?
Or should I stick up my bum?
And then you can stick up your tongue.
That's right. You can rim my asshole.
Why don't you make that the sub goal?
You think I'm a bum while you're a no-show?
This beat is too chill.
Oh that's the end of that beat.
Okay here's another one.
What the fuck?
You're trying to get me to do an accent I will not do.
I'm not a bum so I don't rap bum-ba-clock style okay?
Is that even what this is?
Oh there's multiple beats at once. One second.
We're creating a true cacophony here.
This'll do I guess.
I gotta speed through these a little bit more.
There's actually a lot of musical inspiration coming through
which I hate. I hate music again for the record.
Fessin' a Furious was the only movie.
I actually agree. I think that shit's groovy.
I don't care how any movie lovers feel.
The beat stopped.
I don't care how any movie lovers feel.
It's not actually a film without Vin Diesel.
I think the series dropped when it introduced the rock
and I'm glad they fucking beef so that that shit finally stopped.
I should have the original cast for fucking ever.
Vin Diesel, Paul Guy, that is much better.
I don't care if you bring his brother's back or he's CGI.
He should have stayed with it even when he fucking died.
That's why I am actually pro AI.
Fessin' a Furious forever maybe.
With AI.
Chum is foam.
That is rum.
Chum is not foam. It is glum.
And if you think chum is foam, then you're actually a bum.
Toast, what? Toast this.
I don't even need money to be rich.
I am rich inside my mind. That's the sitch.
My facts are on point and that's the deal, bitch.
Scott Bayo, I'm mayo with Scott Bayo.
He is handsome but at the end of the day I do not careo.
Get your coat on and look so nice.
I am actually scrummin'. I am mentally right.
Genital Slit.
Is that a pussy?
I don't like to talk trash so do not push me.
And I don't like to talk genitals, baby.
I keep it above the belt because I'm not crazy.
Remember Liliana and Sammy, yeah, I don't.
If you out on my site, baby, then I won't.
You ain't important to me and I will spare you no thought.
So when you leave my site of vision, reality stops.
No logic permanence.
No.
McDonald's combos, baby, let it go.
They too expensive now and that has been true forever.
Food is too expensive and it really should be better.
If you want reasonable food, you need to grow your own millet.
I've always said that.
Grow your own millet.
That's the only reasonably priced sustenance.
Okay, we have another beat here.
This is coming in from Reverie Wolf as well.
It's got a bunch of busty anime girls but I can't show you because this is unplugged.
I'm unplugged and uncensored right now and this is actually about stripping things down to the essentials.
Of just my opinions, please.
Ooh, in the room unplugged, baby, scrum, baby, bringin' beat, doom, Rodney Dangerfield is easy money and you know that's true.
Take my wife, please, baby, I would rather hang with dudes.
Okay, let's go.
Comments on a permanent scrum flow, Pastor Joe.
Slammin' hoes.
Asses all over town, he's in the throws.
I don't even think that that's Jesuspeak.
I think Pastor Joe's a freak.
Every time he's in the room, he springs another penis leak.
That's what I know at least.
Jeez, dude needs to find an actual wolf priest.
You've changed, not true.
I'm the same as ever, dude.
I sleep with two feet up every time I'm in my room.
That's right, I strap my feet to the sea.
I feed to the ceiling like a bat.
It's the optimal way to sleep and that's a fact.
Is Kyle still stuck in case his ass, yeah, I guess.
He seems to have a problem with his ass every day.
He should save his ass breath and blast farts out his mouth.
Because honestly, shit is all he talks about.
NUNE, that is not a day and I refuse to say it.
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cells.
Wait, what?
True.
You just dropped a word that I cannot say,
ooh, Mr. Pib or Mr. Tibs.
Hmm, I don't like the haircut of either.
I don't appreciate the hair on either one.
So neither.
Brrap, brrap in the trap post,
Drinking through the walls like I am a warrior mouse.
Baby, I am scrum and I do not fail like a red wall mouse.
Baby, I will never bail.
I got the rapiers out with my rapier mouth
and I don't give a shit about the shit you talking about.
MVP is mad about your theme down south.
Well, maybe that's a fact,
but I ain't about to fuck about.
The live action Rocky and Bullwinkle movie
didn't get enough appreciation.
Hmm, that's true.
I appreciate that Russian woman.
Sorry, the beat was changing.
So that was the outro.
I'm allowed to not rap at the outro.
Nope, that's not a beat that was shared.
Looks like we have another beat coming in.
Freestyle beat type creep from the trap house.
What the hell?
It's winding up.
Damn, damn, damn.
Jack's box dropping beats so main.
The water on earth today is essentially the same water
that dinosaurs drank 65 million years ago.
That is true.
Let the water flow is the same shit
spouting out a whale when they blow
that a dinosaur might have put through their body.
Oh, due to water,
side coals and evaporation.
Oh condensation and participation.
Oh, no.
Earth's water is constantly recycled
rather than manufactured,
meaning the same white night supply
has been reused billions of times for years.
Well, thank you for being clear.
I read the whole comment
because Grum feels no fear.
So fucking in the skunk on the tallest
on the holiest of days.
Hitting numbers like the opposing teams,
the kind of shit I say.
In Shea Stadium,
Radiom Radio Activity.
Playing all the station baby
like I'm in the 80s.
From Galaxians, I'm faxing
all the memos out to starting fire.
Don't come to me
because I'm the boss and I'm never hired.
Thank you, Card King.
I don't know what the fuck that was,
but I read it all because,
because, because I am the best fuck.
Some violence?
No.
If you take them one thing away,
let it be this yo, no violence.
I never let it slip.
No violence, Grum.
Permanent anti-violence drip, no violence.
Grum, what do you think about music?
I think it sucks.
And I'll say it clear baby,
because Grum don't give no fucks.
I think music is a
massive waste of time
and making me waste my mind on music
is honestly a fucking crime.
Okay, Super Nintendo Comers?
What?
Chalmers?
I don't know what that even means.
Why are these so long?
Fine, whatever.
I'll say them.
Applied economics is the application of that economic theory
and econometrics in specific settings
if you get me.
As one of the two sets,
field of economics, what?
The other thing set being the core,
what the fuck is this about?
Is typically characterized
by the application of the core.
I, I guess, I'm still gonna,
okay I'll keep reading more,
i.e. economic theory and
econometrics to address political issues
in an R.
R?
R-Wooded and I still made it far.
Okay, playing on the access
on-table, banging all the maidens,
like it's the first play of fable.
I'm unstable, nay.
I'm shaving all the badgers
set loose at the rave, the crave.
Fish best serve in a dish,
calling on the hate sucks dumbass.
And guess what?
He would say you wish,
but I am actually not
the hate sucks, so please fucking stop.
Don't put words in my mouth,
or I might actually let the beat drop.
I'm on my own fucking flow.
So let those rhymes go,
I will spit off the top,
like, oh well I fucking blow the same water.
Okay, Simpsons did it.
30 minutes raps,
honestly they probably fucking lived it.
Did Homer do a 30 minute rap?
Did I forget that was he like,
March?
Nah man, he did in slap.
Okay, where the fuck is
Grandman, I don't know.
Get some diapers out baby.
Let your butthole explode.
Wet foots aren't people.
That's what you said and not me.
You will not trip me
into be racist easily.
Okay, Scrumming always coming
while the harp is fucking
strumming and my bum is fucking
busting.
My bum is fucking busting.
Mental health awareness is important,
but that's not today,
so I actually am on the beat
snorting up facts
that you are dropping in the chat.
Holster, rough the beats
like a radical gardener.
Okay, relax turning into a
metapod and all I get
is harder.
I'm a cocoon, cocoon buffoon
in platoons.
Okay, call up Wilfred Grimley
so that we get more cartoons.
The fuck is cartoons?
I'm on the beat
but I also know how to croon.
I'd really like to
wrap up a cartoon.
Um, okay, breaking news
Jolly Jim found dead
melted in a sour patch kids factory.
This is about rapping and not news.
We have more beats to get through.
What the fuck?
No, that's not a, no, not that,
not tickle time.
Um, West Coast
Prost.
This is beer barrel polka.
Well hello there by Damondon Heron.
My name is Jason Favis and this is
my polka band West Coast Prost.
We're gonna do a little
I can't wrap over this intro.
He's doing the intro for me.
Here's the beer barrel polka.
Okay, can I even
wrap over this here?
Okay, let's find out
while I drink a fucking beer.
Just kidding.
I would never do that.
I'm fucking sober so chat please
relax.
Nirvana's overrated and I think that
that is true.
I actually quite like polka so
thanks to all of you.
What's it like to be the highest
pavement correspondent?
I bet every else would like to say that they are,
they all wanted but they're not
actually because financially
Scrum is the most
important exponentially.
Bad she should be rough.
Don't talk over me.
No, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, I refuse to listen to extra music.
I will be the only one doing lyrics.
Skopit again.
I don't want to do Skopit.
You're trying to tempt me into doing rust
style raps and that'll get me in trouble.
Hudson, Mohawk,
CBAT official audio.
Is this one?
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
It's so intense.
What?
This is unlocking something in me.
Oh.
Okay.
I'll never mind it's this.
All right.
Bad she should be rougher.
Ooh.
These sheets too slim.
Get the digits baby, get them right in.
Baby coming in, have no doubt.
I got 300 threads now.
Let me count it out.
Okay, one baby, that's between the sheets that I'm a lead
every time I skied I don't need a pillow
every time that I come I'm like a brillo
shooting out spikes baby
yeah I am that fellow.
Okay, you fucking wish.
And here is the dish.
I'm a weasel at the easel and I'm taking the shits.
I write a slick artist.
I'm losing my place at the play.
I don't want my part.
Roll it again, okay.
Rolling cinnamon and sugar.
Yeah, you are a booger.
I'm a sweet, mad, madrigan and willow.
This shit makes sense, but I say it anyway baby.
Possible raise in the price of Nintendo switch
two by the summer baby ain't that price a bitch.
The prices keep rising and that shit
is not surprising because everyone's
setting prices as always lying.
Lil Leona in the streets.
Pappito in the sheets.
You freaks.
He's a dog.
He's a dog.
He's a dog.
You freaks.
Hey, Tripp, big fan.
I'm a fountain man Mike here just to give
an update.
I guess he's gonna be clear about the war between
the big foot and the grace.
Talking about aliens every fucking day.
Lately the probings have gone down.
I think the ancient mummies curse we put
on the UFO has been working.
Working, working, working.
But when I read your comments
I feel like you all are jerking.
Brandon's mom just
crossed out to the studio.
Guess she spread out her ass and that a lot of
people go hear that she likes to fart
into doors bro.
What's that about? Get your mom under control.
Brandon's mom, Brandon's mom, Brandon's mom.
Ham Taro.
What the fuck is chat on
his Dr. Pepperot.
Real Dr. Yes he is.
But not the soda doctor. That is not him.
Did Jeb kill
Wood Dad? I don't know.
Get a fucking court case. Maybe then we'll finally know.
Rene Russo.
Rene Russo. Still sexy.
If you say so.
My name is Brick Lizard and I'm Brick
for this stream. That's not me saying that
for the record. That's something you wrote.
That's not the type of
thing I'd say.
God damn it. This is
an unrelated song. Okay.
This is a turn up to beat.
Oh no that's a gift. Someone put a gift in my beat section.
Infomercial background music.
Is it possible?
Where is
my order? I am bored.
I'm looking for my food. Getting
Jello. Okay or
from Crypto Zeus's bathroom
for some lube or more. I'm having
Panic attacks from the lack of human fat
stacks. Keeping on track.
Just some peppered bacon
done a strap. Stripped up to
my back. Baby chat please do
relax. Bruce Campbell
is an underrated actor
and I do agree. I like
him in every movie with Bruce
Campbell that I see.
No water is naturally
naturally produced
on earth and I think that's
factually factually
therefore all water that
the earth has
is older than the sun.
Okay. Waxing
my shell like a ninja turtle
keeping this wrap sprinting down
all of the hurdles. Can't let
the beat get stale and
ever let it curdle. We'll be getting
this done like 10 minutes
on a wordle. Alright also
hell is real and if that's
how you feel. Hell is more
real than a baby dancing on
McBeal. I've been dancing on these
haters because I like the color
teal and I keep their faces
grain every time I eat a meal
I eat gross. Do you
use rubbers or do you
raw dog? I actually
never have sex and that is
on God. You should keep your
butt just manna in your balls
or you're a fraud because every time
you nut you are making your brain
explode. Why booty itch?
Why booty niche?
Why keep your booty
trapped in one single
sitch? I have spread my booty
wide and it does much more than itch
it can feel every seat
that I sit in you bitch.
Tooby has some wild movies
actually that is truebie. Have you
ever heard of truebie? It is
truebies that are truebie.
It is only you have to
have an invite to access that streaming
service. Okay that was
an infomercial. That is the closest
we can do on an infomercial type
rap. This is
weed G with beat G funk
west coast coming
from Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo.
Where is a visible
Ricky? If you
could see him you wouldn't be
invisible Ricky. He
is actually slick see
he slides in and out like a
boozy. Mr.
Yugi. Mr. Yugi.
Yumagugwae.
Fidozi. One more thing we must
research. Okay preach
preach sir. Call me
Scooby Doo. Yes you do. Where are you
going with my stacks? I will find a dude
you'll get dropped. You don't come back
with my fresh jar of my
yuck. What? What?
That's an earnest joke.
Not earnest that's earnest that's an earnest
joke. You know the one leading kids to war
against corporations. Just for fun
man that's a sensation. Okay best
Power Rangers or Megazord of course
not the green ranger no
sore. I don't care
if you have a dragon the Megazord
is the only droid that's actually happened. Okay
tickle time tickle time to crime
look at the clock and let it
rewind did you see the documentary
where they tickle kids and adults man
that shit was not cool here's the
they tickled a bunch of people
they paid him a bunch but it was
not worth it.
They paid people a bunch to tickle them that's a real thing
anyway. Alright
the game done changed here's some hot dick slang
penis weenies fucking one eyed monster
they chain to another fucking word
that I like to say for dick and that sloppy
penis taking a huge shit
what really happened on the day Jeremy
ran her crash to snowplow I don't know let's
get into it somehow I think that his cousin
probably helped him crash or was
it his nephew I don't remember man
who farted into my ass probably me
every time I farted I suck it back
in you see I
keep my farts up for me
I'm the only one who smelled the farts baby
I suck them back into my ass and never
let them out you will never smell my farts
I'll never have a single doubt I have
farts that smell so nice but you will
never smell my extra spice
ass spice I was trying to say ass spice
Fiona Nova is still
missing is she still gay I suspect
she is and I think that it's okay
it's okay to be gay that's the
scrumway let Kendall hold up when case
go peas I don't think that he peas
I don't think he has the need I think he
actually pisses out his mouth and if you have a
doubt listen to his talk and you'll know what
I'm talking about did you watch Coachella no I
did not I heard that there was some
shit that made the crowd stop Bieber came
out and he pulled out a laptop and
watched some videos and then he's in
didn't stop I don't know stupid sexy
flanners yes that's true get your pizza
well I just might do on the oven hot and
spicy like my love and start goose
and up my phone like a wild super
phones but what it's poker that's right
and like look okay
things are about to get forward what is
this what's going on
how am I gonna get 60
twix I don't know your life
man bitch 60 twix
by 60 twix go to
a store and simply by 60
twix there's two kinds of people in
this world p we her and fans and there
is p. Horl fans what does scrum land
where does he land I don't know man
earn a sound spy and I guess god
damn splinter was military
expert gone right he knows
how to put up a would fight
I know how to put up a would fight
I keep my boner down and I never let
it see sight sunlight
yo forehead go to bed go to
sleep go to sleep sleepy head go
weep this is all a dream snake eater
mixed with a big beater you never
left the playground you're on no top
teeter teeter top teeter
I don't know but I know it's been
here's who there goes my nipples
again that my nipples stay permanently
hard friends it's true
my nipples are spiky and fierce
um
alright well what other beats
are in here oh my god we're so close
we're gloriously close to music
being banished forever this is
the last song ever I made a deal
with god
for this to be the final song
okay this was pretty intense
but I guess let's do it anyway
Dio Sky deserved a match at wrestlemania
I think it's true I don't
disagree with ya
I think oh think oh think oh think oh
think oh think oh my name
is crumb and I'm twerking like an atlantis
stripper honestly when I hit the ass
it's a dipper I try to go low
and I like to fucking slipper a black
stripper baby I am a good chipper
assail bombito uno dos troz cuatro
we're going up up up we don't
stop oh it's our moment you know together
we're going gonna be gonna gonna be
golden oh up up with our voices
on breakable forever gonna be a
golden golden no mistake oh model
actresses a damn good band
we straight cousin go straight to
the bricks haha this shade ain't nothing
man we smoke and rush shorty god
bb yelts took that shit up because
she couldn't run I had to do it then
snipe I am a judge Judy with the pussy snipe
hey I'm a demon I have no loyalty
for anybody keep dreaming
I'm a cdj 92.5
mhcq92 keeping it alive
it's a commercial radio station
licensed in a lion so high yo
and serving the catron metropolis
area over here dj q broadcast
top 40 ch radio format
and he's owned by the family company
of Don Peterson
have you been drinking
POPITO dumpster water no I have not
please stop I will never drink water
that's hot I like to drink cold water because
I have thoughts it's sunny outside
fly a kite start running outside
well I think that I might get your dreams
and ride taking magic from aesthetic
on the old TV just like
to soften sweet and clouds
I'm skipping yours science
oh and
band
locked in an unplugged situations
science has no power here
have you heard of hot suny Miko I
I have not I'm not
storm is better leader than sigh
how do you make soup I think that you
just thought it seems impossible and that is true
soup is bad you can never have soup
that you make with your hands I like to make
soup with my head my bugs coming up water
and then I put it on my mouth and I don't stop
sir how do you make soup it seems impossible
that's true yo head for veto drink
that's top is more
okay I'm
gonna scroll to the last beat posted
because we only have 40 seconds left
and we'll just change it up
one more time if it loads
really it's not gonna load
my final beat won't load
skip to the middle of it
oh my god
alright
that's all that we have for tonight
thought I'd rap for 30
30 minutes out of my and I put up a good fight
head for Peter drink bismol
well that's not all I've been on the mic
for 30 minutes that's how I ball
only one minute 30 seconds left
let's rap about bits
I will never do it baby let the piss
slip Kendall is in the other room probably
what the fuck is going on that is
normal but I'm still fucking done
we're done we're done we're done we're done
30 minutes grumb rap
and we're fucking done
that was the worst thing
cases ever made me do
and I will never forgive him or any of you
particularly
card king for trying to
break me mentally but good luck it's a steel trap
out here this is scrum unplugged
and I'm undefeated on this mic
because I understand what the mic is
it's a portal to
to poor decisions and I quit
forever good good day sir
good day sir what the hell
you can see everything now
oh no we've broken it I'm so I'm so low
in the frame
that's better broke my
air due that way that's been broken
for a lack of see the last couple comments were
card king for the record I thought your rhymes were immaculate
scrums just got a bad attitude
listen to the case black will our stone
podcast that's a real thing I don't know if you can
still find it but then again I think I ever deleted
it but I don't think I'm still paying
for the
service that I was posting
it on so we just go away at some point
I can see everything now
I feel more reasonable than what we've been doing for the last
few minutes
ultimate red madness to close
his craziness he didn't quite get there he was close to doing
them all gotta go fast fast past
this I think you would have made it if that last beat had just loaded
gotta go fast fast past the algorithm
rhythm rhyming next time time
times per owl per passing tower
tower tower writing power power
power lines card king I don't care how long
it takes you to draft arrives
that's crazy
that's crazy to make
scrums say
how could you
how could you make poor scrums say this
I'm just kidding that's fire
second to last song we posted was just
10 hours of Ugochaka from hooked on hooked on a feeling that would have been pretty good
but you can only cover so many beats in 30 minutes of a guy
rhyming okay with say a thousand times
um alright
that seems pretty good guys
we hit our two and a half hour limit
about 30 minutes into that wrap
um thank you for the bits and subs my friends
thank you for two apple to apple for the hundred bits thank you to
go go trash for the hot 50
hot 50
go hydrate
I have normal coffee okay
that's what that's what scrum should have been drinking that whole time
I think I guess I guess it's a good sign
that scrum told me that his throat doesn't feel wrecked after
yell rapping for 30 minutes
I think I guess I guess it's a good sign
that scrum told me that his throat doesn't feel wrecked after
yell rapping for 30 minutes
switch to crack
tempting
okay everybody we'll be back on Wednesday
with um
probably not a cooking stream probably just a normal stream
and
we're gonna raid tea lattes
aka christine
yes okay good I
I do I did put her
screen name incorrectly
I'm playing the victory music
I don't know if it's actually warranted
but no one can deny
that something at least happened for 30 minutes
we count that as a win on this stream
I got that as a win
what the fuck
yeah baby that's right
I just sucked up the reverse of helium
and it makes my voice sound like oh no it's running out
it's running out it's running out man
that's the problem with sucking the reverse of helium
is it only last for a few seconds
yeah we did do something about it
I'm not sure if it's a good thing
yeah we did do something
obitably
I'll ever tell you what the reverse of helium is
it's a secret element
the only dino
berry white papito
is that a type of
fruit that I can eat
berry white? yeah they're like a albino berry
no
man! okay say hi to christine for me
I guess I could just you know go across the yard
and say hi to her but you do it for me please
just a case right
stop the music
we'll be back on Wednesday guys
have a great
start to your week
start to your work week
sorry have a good week
we'll see you Wednesday
for more news and whatever
bye bye
should I
do screamo for 30 minutes?
no
you sure?
what screamo is? is it like ice cream that makes you scream?
no
that's not a crazy question I am a dog
I'm just saying it's a reasonable question
for a