Make the sounds case make the sounds
Okay, there we go. I
Haven't used this scene setting in a while. All right now I'm back to carrying this team
Yeah, I'm amazed they did not push further in it's almost like they don't need me
Where was a couple of professionals
I just want to get the gold
Wish to come run it back my strategy is just play an old if I have don't think about it. Hmm. Nobody's diving
There's the diver
Oh, there's you
God we're doing so playing I think he's playing with a different crew
I
They're pushing
No, I let the group die
No, hello behind us how many years
No, I'm sorry we've lost all our tanks
But you can't blame the
Anyway
There's a noble sacrifice from all players except me wait Pete
I just flipped a skateboard into his nuts on camera
Camer I missed that
That's gotta be in their live coverage, right? How could that even happen in this context?
It's live and sleazy saying it I feel like I have to believe it
All right, let's do it was do one more
It says one more round we got to do one more upvotes for all right chat if there's anyone you want to see me play as
To show you how bad I am. Let me know. Yeah, should we all play our worst characters?
If you have one
Me not sure I do
Six Spider-Man, okay, that's awful
I'll play a different killer
I'll play one that's supposed to be able to do damage
Yeah, I'll play someone I want to be good at but I'm not good at nice
The aspirational pick I'm playing a sexy robot bug
So chat this this character's deal you're supposed to be able to aim so that
And that's gonna be my problem
You can also heal you guys know this board above us is readable
Yeah, if you can get up there you can read it will teach you how to cope with it earth it says earth a lot
Super soldier incubator
Like this is like visitor information you're visiting the super soldier incubator
I can inspire people with this game
I need to see this hegseth
Where are they dude? Yeah, where are they?
Oh
My god, I lost to a bad start
Don't do it don't do it stop chasing me it's not worth it. Oh my god
I keep so as this character you can like sleep people they keep throwing it in no direction
Damn now I'm pissed now. I'm gonna start playing for real it's time to show them
My boy Pete's fire grows me immediately
I think I have to bail on that character. I can't heal anyone cuz I
Was like I have to bail
Oh
Actually, yeah, everyone die right now
They can't kill us if they're dead
Okay, I got immediately destroyed
This is an aberration you just saw how good we are so this doesn't really make any sense
Yeah, I'm so bad. I'm switching to DPS as requested
They hear me out
No Magneto stop I did seem to lose that but I hit the I hit them a couple times
See look the moment I switch they got a kill
Just go all DPS
So down
If I see any of you healing is wasting time if you're not doing damage, you're just wasting time
I'm gonna ban you from the chat
Don't use health pack side of that's a waste of time
I
Can I perform as my character I turned off I turned off those things cuz it was lagging so much
But I can look I can just do a voice. Oh, I'm gonna shoot you
Just make chat the punisher, yeah
Show the fucking mob whose boss
You
Know who's gonna be so proud of us on the other team daddy dick in you
If we can get the G from daddy dick in you we know we've done in magazines. Yeah, it's all I ever wanted
Thank you daddy
I
Will never see this coming if I stand up here and do those they definitely won't instantly kill me
No, they caught on somehow
Okay, I got it all this is my chance
No
Oh
Well, they're having fun at least sometimes you want to let the other team have fun. Yeah
What surely I have to get at least a killer use your old hair buddy
I'm gonna stand on the point and I could have gone better, but I did get one kill
So can I get some heels guys can I get some heels?
I think we're technically doing better than last time actually
He never count on me hitting him a few times, okay that guy died today
Oh
This is the sneaky spot to do this no don't hold
What the why'd they let me do this why are they letting me do this?
Who they caught on
Elon's doing Elon things
That's I guess I shouldn't be surprised. It's here from Elon temporarily
And we know a few Americans in our history
Very
Playing Marvel rivals that shit is brutal even two seconds of it
So we won as far as I can tell I got a kill at the end so I feel pretty good about myself
Defeat 10 enemies. I completed a daily quest
Let's check out my highlight. Oh, yeah, look at this high level game
I said I made a this game a tower defense game briefly
This is that section of the gameplay and then ignore the last part yours. There's nothing to see here
Why'd they leave that in?
All right one more round the buttons right there
Just just so you guys know it's one more round until you say it's not one more round of all healers
We can never die
That's true. We tried all DPS we got to get this rank up somehow our quick
Our quick play
I'll just go healer and see what everybody else
Is Kendall is not streaming although I am planning on making Kendall some stream assets
As someone who's made too many stream assets, I feel qualified
Yeah, last time I was a streamer. I was doing like the five days a week
Six to eight hours a day still with a full-time job
Have you ever thought about doing two hours every once in a while?
Some of my best friends are crooks and villains stream
Keep doing this 60 ps six healer
Please put your
Calls called
Your spray your spray on this guy's butt, please
We're doing a whole clean. We can't leave this room until you put your spray on its butt
Beautiful all we need to do is capture the mission area. So what's our excuse?
I'm extremely what the hell why these people do damage bullshit
I'm a diver rocket raccoon
It's working. It's working. It works. Oh shoot. No, it works less well. No, wait, how did we get a kill?
We're supposed to be healing. Oh
I'm so sorry my balls did damage for a little while for some reason
I feel like
The other team stands totally still I'm pretty good
They can't kill Kendall not if we're all healing Kendall
We got it this time I
Think the trick is if we come in one at a time then we can really focus
That's what I'm gonna try right now
We should ask yeah
But the trick is we can still heal each other going on this guy
Oh, I fucking got it
Oh
Yeah
God we're doing it. Oh
We're doing so well
We're all healers we can't die
Okay, feel free to die. I think um
Spider-girl characters still counts as a healer because they can heal themselves. We just can't let our one tank die. No
Oh nice even better
We captured the point
We scare them off as healers
Hmm, I feel like I should have been hitting that person but I was not
There is a lot happening
Okay
This is a real fire power we can take down this Wolverine we can take down anyone
They're gonna feel so good when they lose to us
Oh
God I ran right into a bunch of minds if you're wondering what happened there I rock it
Okay, he's actually hit him for once
Now I hit him
You guys can't catch me. I'm a rocket raccoon. No, they're doing it
Yeah, I missed so brutally all my show whatever we got two minutes left
No, they all to do
It's too old for us they're allowed to do that
How the how are they winning?
It's really close
My god, he's not killing me. It's gotta be so frustrated. Oh, no, he is killing me
Okay, yeah, these are hacks. It's cuz they're aimbot the song
Be sure to report all of them after this game
Oh
I killed one of them that satisfying we got to kill their healers
Things are gonna be different this time
You're setting up with those minds
I gotta be a diver rocket
Gotta get on the point
They know I was there I'm so little
All right, let's get one more win and then we'll call that an inauguration day damn
They got lucky I'm amazed they had more kills than death
Well, I guess I really just assist all right all right one more win guys we can do it
Show the world
It's inauguration day
And the great wall of great
We don't need healers cuz we're also beefy big strong boys and one girl
Poor venom getting no love attribute the win to president Trump
Today's his day. This is all for him. I will all of us will be delivering a 20 minute sermon also
Only 20 minutes. Yeah, sorry, we'll do 30 we'll make it an even 30
Was it I thought you were imprisoned on another plane
That's what I said in the tower we should probably go right to their door
Or just to really emphasize our ten
I
Absolutely not
They do have the advantage of infinite healing one step behind them, but I don't think I'm gonna use it, right?
Yeah, but these are bots they really don't know what to do
This is working great
I
Working too well, they just got a turn in there shooting straight out
This is the most American way to play this game you really is
We were group building a wall
I'm being the most American I can't just enforcing the laws of this game
We need to be consequences to leaving your
Really good
I'm like 90% sure that they're bots. This is a really good strategy against bots though
Really like
We're cracking this AI in 2025
They're only putting out a one door for sure boss. Yeah, but look at that dodging. That's not
Normal maybe some of them are
Damn how they're still two minutes left
Also love that love the hate is just on the side door completely
The bots are getting serious
We miss
Okay, I'm starting to think that it might
Now it's a little odd the gameplay here is a little suspect
I
Do bots change characters and I
None of their names are like
There's no by curious 6 6 9 9
Build my ball
I don't think I've ever spent this much time in this part of the map
14 seconds
She's going to the point oh no they switch they're all takes down
They pushed us off the door right at the end
Wow, I think we find the we found the ultimate strategy go away
Alright, let's do one more anything goes and then I think Kendall and I have to go eat
You say what what I always say it says one more round is the thing so it's really telling me to say one more
But this I think has to be my actual last one
And a quick inauguration day check in
Elon Musk is still talking. He's aged
Unfortunately your hero. Well, these people look like refugees
They look so sad at this
Rally oh my god
All right, we'll try to throw
Adventure
God of blunder
That was my second pick for screen name
And it could have been a team of five year olds on cell phones
I don't know if this is on cell phones yet, but the teens could figure out a way the toddler true warrior is not defined by strength
We're gonna spread
Gamer apples
It's like long lists of miss team ups is hilarious
Oh
The battle starts in five four three two one
I
Jumping directly in the middle is a mistake. That's some real case blackwell gameplay jump directly into their whole team
What he still wants to fight me
Gosh case
Thank you for keeping me alive
I'll never see me up here
Oh
Hey, I took one with me
Yeah
Very good
I just need to give the other team some kills so they keep playing seriously
Oh
It's like a gun hammer though cuz you can throw it and these have to be real people
There's like three
RTC people and I hate you there
Oh and a crazy see like a group right like a group they're trying to make
the RTC
A little league
What's like the college version of the military is it the ROC
ROTC
Idris ill be praised what an epic gathering across Rome's right
Maybe that's what they're going for the battle starts in five they're bringing back some factions three two one
Mission area
I got it broke that
Oh
Who's chasing me no one
Video somebody training it 16 times in a row. Oh my shit. How's that even possible? It's so broken
Chasing people with hammers guys very satisfying
The real Trump crew guys we're fighting the real Trump crew for being anti-american
Oh my that was impressive that you survived
Wow, oh my god
We frickin did it guys another big win for America
Oh
Nobody else is streaming right? Otherwise, I would raid whoever's on him was on really I don't know if he still is oh
Totally to him nice. Well, thanks so much for playing with us. Yeah, thanks
Anytime. Thanks for the invite of course
All right
Success
No, so fun. Yeah
And now we're friends so you can see that we're on way too much lately
I'm back in the Elden Ring room
Say bye bye guys. I'd see you later
There we go, okay. Whoo what a day. All right, let's briefly check in
with
With this inauguration, which is now just a convention center. Hey, hey
All right, we're gonna go get some food
Let's see who's on though who's on twitch.tv
Tim is on
He's bald. This is a fact
Elevate your space with up to 60 days of fragrance with Glade Max also. I gotta subscribe
I'll do it later, but just know we're rating totally Tim because it's totally him
And who knows when he'll be streaming again totally Tim lol
Is Trump streaming
Great question. I could have rated Trump
Sorry Tim, but I could have rated Trump
Well, thanks for the dual stream today watching checking out the dual stream election coverage plus
Marvel rivals to try to restore sanity to myself
I could see myself accidentally rating totally Trump lol that does sound like the sort of thing I would do
Sick what a day I really feel
Like I'm living in a bit of a mental fog from listening to
Both presidents speak today, but especially Trump so I'm gonna recover with a little bit of food
But say hi to Tim for me. It is a case rate of the classic
compliment him on his
Lex Luthor look and
Have a great rest of your day. I'll be back on on Wednesday or Monday Wednesday Friday now
hopefully starting between 11 and noon every time and
I'm sure we'll have some
More things to talk about on Wednesday
They're gonna be doing some raids some of the less pleasant raids probably today or tomorrow
See how that goes. Okay. Bye. Bye everybody say hi to Tim for me and happy inauguration day. We did it
We frickin did it everybody