I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Cardin laps it happen tonight, bless a pile of bush.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this. I'm Pepito.
Why hello everyone. It's a Thursday stream before the Patreon. We only got an hour and a half.
Like usual. Like usual. I'll try to cram it all in and probably do what not as much as I think.
Hope you're having a lovely week.
Exciting news for Kendall who's not here.
You know what I should let her tell you, but she might have a little more free time on her hands.
She might have found an exit plan to a certain job situation.
But I'll let her get into the details if she shows up before the end of this thing.
Good to see everybody. Apple Apple love the hate. Live and sleazy. S1000 Kev Slider.
Bowl of Artrasque. Psycho Shaggy. Others. Probably.
Smart apps coming in all the way from YouTube. Good to see ya.
She can share on the Patreon. Actually, she might not be back in time.
She'll tell you. I am gonna, I do plan to stream tomorrow so she can get into it then.
One of these days.
Um, okay though. We're here. That is you.
We only have a little bit of time so let's just do whatever news thing we're gonna do.
It's news time.
I had that's right. I can still talk about the news everyone.
I'm not just a powerful skintest. The word that I can say. And no one else on the stream is allowed to.
I'm also a mighty news warrior.
Not afraid to wade into the psychic fields of thoughts on events.
That's right. It's me, ChapmanScape.
Sometimes I forget that's your last name. Not me. I remember my last name.
It's one of the things I can do. Very nice. Yeah, I don't mean to brag but sometimes I do.
Also a debate. We'll do the debate. We also have a, we have to play in a laden game.
And there's been a request for Buck Bumble.
Is it bad that I don't know what Buck Bumble is?
Is that not in my lexicon? You ever heard of Buck Bumble?
Oh, I kind of remember this a little bit now.
Is this N64 or was this PlayStation?
This is N64. Obviously, our boy Buck.
Trying to probably do something with Honey, I'm assuming.
A bad, maybe a bad queen.
You don't know. Well, look, it's been a while but obviously I'm familiar with Buck Bumble.
Is that an Ebola talk? Are we talking Ebola today?
Is Ebola in the news? Is Buck Bumble in the news? I don't know if anything we're talking about is in the news.
Until it comes out of my mouth and then it is because this is the news segment of the stream.
Hata Maxing? Is the Hata virus still, is that still in the news?
You're supposed to know. You're supposed to know.
Okay, now we're just being accused or to each other.
I think maybe what I'm deciding is Buck Bumble has Ebola.
Don't say shit like that about Buck. Look at him.
He's got a fucking Glock. He's a bee. He's a hero. That's all it takes.
If a bee could hold a gun, they'd be a hero bee because that's evolutionary progress.
What is going on with the Hata virus?
I feel like American passenger feels betrayed by federal order to stay in Hata virus quarantine.
New York man who was on Hata virus cruise ship says Nebraska isolation center feels like prison.
Let the Hata virus man go. No, the opposite. Let's be careful.
Come on. We're not going to be careful. Just let him go. We'll see how our immune systems handle it.
We'll just let millions of hundreds of millions of people die.
So also apparently the Hata virus is not spreadable in the way that COVID is was is.
But that hasn't stopped everyone from freaking the fuck up out about it and being in the news cycle for weeks.
I mean, I'm not saying it's nothing, but based on everything I've read,
it doesn't have the same spreading risk as COVID. Yeah, we're not pro learning here.
That is not true for me. I'm a skytentist case. I'm representing education on this stream.
Exactly. What the fuck does he mean by that? Nothing.
You're the first to catch the Hata virus actually. Congratulations.
You found that guy in quarantine. He said I will offer you the comfort that you need.
What are we even talking about today?
What are we even talking about today?
Oh, okay. Let me make a headline because you forgot to.
Okay. Good news, everyone. Where's the there it is.
Valuation and IP. Oh, oh.
SpaceX is going public.
They've officially filed with the SEC. This is the biggest story.
It's the biggest valuation ever. So it's I'm assuming it's news.
They're going for the biggest evaluation ever.
Evaluation valuation. Same idea. I'm assuming you've probably heard SpaceX is one of the many companies.
Well, one of three major companies that keeps threatening to go public this year.
The others being Anthropic and open AI.
But it seems SpaceX is trying to be first to the party. Yeah, that's right.
Space finally publicly available.
That doesn't sound right. Space is valuable. Yes.
Shouldn't everyone try to go for the biggest evaluation ever?
I think so. Isn't it good that they want to get as big as they can?
That's what I do in the gym every day. And why should I not allow SpaceX to do this?
They can go for it for sure. And I, it seems like they're
honestly kind of likely to get it.
They're targeting a 1.75 trillion public evaluation.
If I'm reading the numbers correctly and I am not convinced that you are.
I think they could go even bigger personally.
Let me see if I can pull up some facts and figures that we can actually trust.
This is coming in courtesy of Michigan's thumb.com. What?
Look, they're the only ones that listed the numbers in an easily digestible way.
So what choice do we have but to read them? Hopefully another choice.
Okay. Oh wait, I need a picture of Elon Musk.
Elon Musk space. If we're going to read, obviously I need a picture of him looking great.
Has he ever worn an astronaut costume?
No, he's no Kevin Perera. He hasn't thrown on an astronaut costume yet to sell his particular venture.
When did Kevin do that? He did it for the launch of G4 2.0.
He put on a whole space suit. Come on.
But Elon doesn't have that level of commitment to pose in a space suit to promote his.
This is the best he can do. Oh, this does kind of suck.
What's with this shirt? Oh my God, I'm being pulled in by the power of this shirt.
It's a visi wallelousie own.
I think this is an old picture. Kevin was DJ catastrophic.
Technically it wasn't a functional space suit space suit, but there was a long
video about how the guy from Mythbusters made it.
Everything you're sounding, saying sounds like a fever dream.
I'm aware. G4 2.0 nice. G4, G4 20.
On a long enough timeline, there could be G4 20. You think there's going to be G4 3?
I do not. My prediction is it is done.
That sounds so final and cruel. Well, it lives on in our hearts.
The regular mentions it gets on this stream. We were all there.
I wasn't there. Oh yeah, we weren't all there. But whatever anyway, my point is
space X of the public IPO valuations.
Okay, there's some details. We'll give you some fine detailing.
Space X has filed a form S1 to list on Nasdaq and Nasdaq, Texas with SPCX as their stock call.
They're targeting evaluation of up to 1.75 trillion with Elon Musk retaining 85.1% voting control.
The best kind of public where you control 85.1% of your publicly traded company.
All of there was it. All of Bin was there inside cases, asshole.
I think that's an accurate description of my life.
Okay. In 2025 consolidated revenue rose 33.2% to 18.67 billion with a net loss of 4.94 billion.
That means they were making almost the revenue was was up to 700 times as much as their loss.
No, they had 4.94 billion in losses despite revenue of 18.67 billion.
That means they burned 4.94 billion dollars than they than the revenue they produced.
That sounds good. No, it's the it's that's bad.
Well, the whole point of all these public valuations now, I mean, it sounds complicated, I guess, but basically, you know, they made around 18.5 billion dollars and they lost close to five billion dollars.
So they lost five billion dollars close to that would be the point.
They also lost a similar amount in 2023.
So they've kind of been running at operating losses of between a couple hundred million dollars and almost five billion dollars for the last three years they lost their their losses were slightly less based on the filings I believe in 2024.
But in 2023 they were once again I believe over four billion dollars.
It's a little hard to tell from the filings though, which we do have here.
Given that honestly, there are over 200 pages, but the first 20 pages are just pictures.
So wait, that sounds awesome.
Oh, hell yeah. First.
And I only read the first couple words.
So all I'm seeing here is first.
And then a sick looking like rocket sperm is so slick and thin like a sperm.
That's what that reminds you of.
It's like inseminating the stars case and that is beautiful.
Look at all these numbers 10.3 million 75 ish percent 164 and sure it says words like countries and active maneuver and maneuverable satellites next to them.
But mostly the numbers are what looks cool.
Look at this cool as picture.
Look at this cool as picture.
Did you know that you can now make a picture of Mars as if it were colonized?
I'm not aware that that is the thing you could do.
Anyway, this is what that could look like, but from space, which is where this will happen.
Yeah, but this is a financial document with the SEC.
I'm not that familiar with these, but I don't know if it's incredibly common to release like a picture book for the first 30 pages.
Well, it's becoming the future.
Oh, nice. They got rid of numbers entirely.
They got rid of numbers of rockets.
Look at this guy.
That's Elon in there.
It's also because it's open AI.
I don't even know if these are actual pictures they took in space or.
I mean, it's not open AI because it's SpaceX.
I can never tell if these are actual pictures they took in space or this is just them generating stuff.
Given that the first picture they include is one of the first is just an artist mock up and or AI mock up of what if we colonized a
IPO bundle sprout that is you should coin that that might have already been coined that could already I don't know which I take credit away from bundle sprout.
That is now your term and market it accordingly.
Start a company called Vibes based IPO.
What the hell is this?
I mean, what I don't even know this picture of it.
That doesn't look I guess the pictures are kind of cool at least.
Rockets.
This one looks odd.
It's one looks kind of like it's not taking off right or something.
Anyway, and then of course there's just 200 pages of stuff.
But there are some highlights in there which I guess check in some ways.
Are they though says reverie wolf?
Are they though?
It's a good question.
It could be in response to almost anything in the news currently.
That was two rockets docking and that's beautiful.
Like I said, inseminate the stars.
That is not far from stuff mentioned in this public IPO filing with the SEC.
Just so you know.
A lot don't know case.
The filings mention that they want to become an AI conglomerate leveraging Starlink and Starship to pioneer orbital supercomputing networks
including asteroid mining and extraterrestrial logistics.
But if anyone can do it, it's them.
When is SpaceX or Elon Musk ever failed to live up to the promise of a technology that doesn't yet exist that they're going to make happen?
Basically the long and short of it is data centers in space and asteroid mining are two of the growth industries that they're targeting that don't exist at all.
Those aren't things that exist.
But that's the point.
The point of this filing is that it's the future.
They're staking their bet on the future and you really want to bet against the stuff that could happen someday?
But will the stuff happen someday would be the contention.
They're currently operating at nearly $5 billion annual losses.
Basically what the filing show is their core business is Starlink, which is what, satellite internet?
Obviously that's, I guess, too boring if you're this guy and you want to live in the hologram on his shirt.
So there's a bunch of completely sci-fi perspective businesses that are just like going to Mars terraforming it.
Mining comets.
Data centers but in space.
Oh, that's an even cooler place for them.
And there you can't even complain about the water that it takes to cool them because does it even have to be cooled in space?
Yes, you'd have to get water into space to cool the GPUs in space.
Everything you're describing sounds cool.
But it doesn't, none of it exists.
But it's the point is it could and that thus the valuation is money.
Mars has water.
We're going to cool our AI GPUs with Mars water.
You're developing new business models with every sentence.
If you weren't so pessimistic, you could be getting rich off the things that you're saying could exist.
Space is cold?
Well, space may be cold but the GPUs burn hot so you'd still have to cool them.
Cool them with the space around them.
That's not how cooling works, Jet.
You don't know how cooling works.
I don't but even I know that this doesn't sound like a good idea.
It's very cold in space.
Just use fans.
That's literally how it works.
Just cool them with the cold space.
No, but I'm saying the GPUs would still require internal cooling because they generate heat.
And we're saying space fans.
I'm sure it would be cheaper to cool GPUs in a cooler space.
I.e. space.
But there would still be logistics around generating power for GPUs and then cooling the GPUs in space.
Run a cat 5 from space to San Jose.
I obviously, I'm not the person to talk about this but I don't think that Elon Musk has a good idea about how to cool his space GPUs.
And none of it exists.
Yeah, but you know what didn't exist at one point?
The pyramids.
And now they're old as shit.
What?
Exactly.
What?
Anyway, Elon Musk will also get paid out some ridiculous sum if um...
What is it if it reaches $7.5 trillion in top market capitalization?
I'm not exactly sure what that does.
Does that mean if it like reaches $7.5 trillion and like its valuation on the stock market?
If he gets there, he gets some full compensation package where I guess he's a multiple times over trillionaire.
But if his company is valued at $7.5 trillion then like the company has grown to be basically a third of the size of the annual GDP of our country.
But all of these numbers are just so like catastrophically huge for these companies that are just nowhere near earning the amount that they're being valued at.
And I'm saying these companies in the sense that I think this is the same strategy that like open AI and anthropic are intending to use for their IPOs.
The idea is they're going to grow to just be these world-bestriding behemoth companies that are fundamental basically to every aspect of our lives.
I guess that's true if like SpaceX does just invent whole new industries of comet mining and colonizes an entirely different planet.
But there's nothing to back that up happening like actually happening.
Movies. That happened in total recall. That's a movie. Exactly. Movies back it up.
And we like those. It just all seems a little abstract to me.
Yes. Everything is abstract until you take the squares that some weird got paints and turn them into lily pads. What?
All of this is just all we're all just it's vibes. You don't understand the future is vibes.
First fast food chain to open in space. This is a good question because this will affect the forthcoming McDonald's as a space service IPO valuation.
Your options are McDonald's come and go fast. Grandman McDonald's again and fud rockers.
One of the McDonald's doesn't have a space in it. Oh it's McDonald's. Oh man. If only I could read. You fool.
Trying to get people to vote for McDonald's twice when one of them is McDonald's.
Isn't McDonald's also made up currently maybe. But that's the whole point of all of this is the amount of value that could theoretically exist
is infinite infinity McDonald's and fud rockers. What do they combine into a new space franchise to serve as who space
infinite space case infinite customers. Does the debate winner Muncher Crumb get a bigger paycheck if they win. Yes.
No they don't. What. I mean unless Munch is paying himself out of his Rennerton slush fund maybe is I don't know.
It's musk tonight. Big old slabs of beef hanging in the window in space floating in the window if it's space if it's
space beef live and sleazy then it's floating in the window isn't that exciting. And that's where part of that 1.75 up to 7.5
very soon trillion dollar valuation is coming from. So it's going to be valued as one of the most like the biggest
valuation of all time 1.75 trillion dollars if they if that happens I don't even understand the stock market well enough to know
like their target valuation versus what it's inevitably valued at I'm not even sure how that process works exactly but assuming all
that happens and then that the his compensation package will kick in if it grows almost six times that amount five or six
times that amount four times wait I'm doing the math totally right so like grow at least 3x and then he gets to become the
world's first multiple times over trillionaire it all of this seems a little risky to me we're going to value this company that
is currently hemorrhaging billions of dollars every year because they're trying to grow out of the actual niche they
operate in which is essentially satellite internet they're trying to they're just assuming all of these other business ventures will come
through but the business ventures they're describing are just still like space AI mining comets and terraforming other planets
you can't complain about this shit and not sound like a stick in the mud dude because everything you're describing sounds awesome
I know but there's just no track record of any of it happening we've already built data centers some of them on earth even
those they're they're being built way slower than predicted but if we can build it in space you can field of dreams in
space if you build it they will baseball what baseball in space what are you talking about we can get the baseball in space soon
if we build it we can baseball in space and then you're doing space ball but you have to put a space in there so you don't get sued by
by parody Star Wars it's a tasty says it's very funny how both open AI and space X going for IPO this week just after the lawsuit settlement
even talk about the lawsuit between open AI and well I guess really between Elon Musk and Sam Altman on this stream but that
seemed like a fucking disaster as well at this point though like all of my concerns about you know our entire economy being
on like fake AI stilts and then collapsing in the future I don't know all of everything about the economy right now seems so
fraudulent to me that I can't predict that it's not gonna just we're not gonna just write it out for like the next who knows how many years
maybe it's just 20 years of of just the stock market continually growing for these companies that you can't even point to what their fundamental services
with space X you actually can their fundamental service is a Starlink which has a product does make some sense but this valuation is nothing to do with Starlink
if you were valuing the company based on Starlink then it you're valuing it based on essentially space internet which there seems to be like
it's like maybe a little bit of a growth market but it's not a growth market to where it grows to I mean what they're earning
they're making hundreds of billion weight what are they making currently in a year
let's see if we can is this even listed and on these websites I'm sure it must be what was their revenue again God it's so hard to read these numbers
because there's 45 pages of pictures of planets how much do they get for launchers what type of launchers the money isn't real at this point that's the problem
I mean some of the money is real like they are earning revenue granted some of that revenue is based also on financial speculation but still I mean some of it is revenue
it's insane though how hard it is for me to even listen up Jack just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I was a president say this or I'm late
it's okay Mr. President it's okay Google trash both of you are allowed to come and go as you please one of you's Google trash and one of you's the president
anyway it's just funny to me that like I'm scrolling through this article reporting their financial figures and I can't even I it's listing their losses but not their revenue
anyway I guess I just have to Google a SpaceX revenue
they generated 18.7 billion dollars in 2025 okay that wasn't one of these articles here I have like several articles open because everything everything one is reporting on this and bizarre in different ways that's another thing I was like I should talk about the
SpaceX valuation I let me get a sense of like the raw numbers here and every website that I was reading articles on just like all they're doing is a half of them clearly are written by AI now and most of them don't report the figures at all they're just like it could be worth 22 billion dollars
in three years and they don't even list like the financial data that was reported in the SEC filing but anyway 18.7 billion dollars which is obviously a big that's a huge business but that is not a 1.75 trillion
dollar valuation business it's assuming that there's going to be explosive growth in this business I'm assuming in the next couple years like when it have to be how much how much revenue did
them in video generate in 2025 and video revenue because they're like what the biggest company ever and they're actually bringing in billions of dollars and video reported a full year revenue of 130.5 billion
dollars and in video market cap what's their market cap currently 5.4 trillion which is huge obviously but they're currently generating 130 trillion in a year sorry 130 billion in 2025 and their market cap is 5.4 trillion
so the numbers are just like even that even though Nvidia currently and granted it is based I think still on AI speculation but at least they're actually selling GPUs they're actually bringing in an insane amount of money even if I think they're selling to a bunch of people that are essentially
lighting up that money on fire or they're lighting money on fire to give them all that money basically anyway regardless at least in video is actually selling a product even if I don't think it really should be as popular of a product as it is
SpaceX is it's not earning anywhere near that amount of money and it's going to come in at a valuation that's like 40% of the 5.4 trillion valuation of Nvidia all of it just makes I'm not a financial guy about not obviously not the best numbers guy having trouble keeping even these
numbers straight but just makes so little sense to me that might the alarm bells just keep going off but that's how I felt for like the last three or four years of just insane AI and tech speculation and so far like the Reaper just refuses to come and collect so I don't offer financial advice nor would I even know how to but I can't predict that any of this is going to go belly up anytime soon because none of the fundamentals make any fucking sense to me
that's because you're just not again you're betting against the future in your own brain what you have to do is allow your brain to become a future brain and then in a very real sense your brain exists in space what do you mean because your brain could exist in space you are a star
what you are we are like a very wise Disney movie once said via a bunch of singing animals that we are all we are our own origin story what are you talking about in the movie I can't remember the name of it but they sang a song about being all of us are made of stars isn't it Neil deGrasse Tyson who popularized the sentiment no it's the Disney
movie about about like a girl becoming a mayor talking about it's a real thing look it up most recent Disney movie featuring a stars there's a song about becoming stars and that's what we are and if you believe if you embrace the future in a very real sense we will all become stars again it's called the movie wish is that a Disney movie Disney wish movie
what is the name of the oh was the movie came out in 2023 and it features a song where they sing about all this being starlight they understand the current financial markets is what I'm saying we all need to have the attitude of the Disney movie wish specifically the scenes where the animals sing about us being made of starlight
I gotta look this up
um wish Disney starlight song it's not even on YouTube dude does it even exist I can't even find it to show to show this example so I don't maybe you're lying to us yet you know I'm not lying you know that animals from wishing a song about being stars
Disney wish animal song oh yeah I'm a star look this is this is the financial indicator that you need to embrace the a I revolution look at these guys they get it oh you're our our stream is going strong you just got it you're getting us Disney fucking pinged as we speak our IP been good look stopping us we're stars now
well it won't be it won't be lasting long on YouTube but what can you do gorilla hell now that's an idea you're being anti future right now you need to think about gorilla heaven
think about gorilla heaven ok well let's read a couple stories that chat shared in the bin section before we move on for the day we might have time what time is it it's almost five we could probably do three segments after we do this so we could enable one more
I'm excited did you apply for part oh my god I completely forgot and that was a freaking sub goal I have to do it I guess I can do tomorrow that's what you said yesterday
I didn't say that yesterday I said it weeks ago even worse I think I actually can I'll set a reminder now to do it actually a doot doot doot doot doot doot an alarm clock for 11am tomorrow there we go
set a miss lexatimer miss lexatimer so I have to say so she doesn't go off on everyone else's fed he was listening to me out loud in there
the amazon powered home is a rooster an alarm clock in that song about starlight from Disney they are oh my gosh millie torcher dropping a big story fun story actually case
so there were ultra dumb christian protesters outside the gastropub I used to work at because we were hosting a drag show sounds like a thing that happens I went outside and I mean that sincerely unfortunately I went outside to counter protest and notice they were live streaming on their phone
we had someone come by and grab the info for the stream from them then I walked up and started blasting disney music and people reported the stream they just bailed after their stream got banned that is smart
instaban doesn't disney want me to promote one of their least popular movies ever by playing their shitty animal song about stars not if you call it a shitty animal song about stars it's so much more than that case we only played a couple seconds of it
I wish we could have played the whole thing got this stream banned forever with the kind of negativity you're spewing about our financial futures
look I
it seems like if you report
if you're filing as a business that is hemorrhaging money
billions of dollars a year
while your core business of starlink isn't growing that much
like it did grow but it hasn't grown
that much in the last three years
and you have no proof in fact you have a proven track record of your CEO constantly over promising on technologies that are not just about the
technologies that don't exist existing in the next year two years six months he just throws out numbers all the time seems like under those circumstances
we had a remotely sober financial
financial institutions
there'd be some kind of market check on this insanity
but there's not there is not there hasn't been for years and these companies keep growing
so the question is am I insane yes okay fair enough
but am I insane and are the markets insane then
like are the markets actually insane and when will there be any consequences for it ever
granted whatever money is a social construct etc
I guess if you believe enough then that makes it a reality
but it just seems like at some point if our entire economy is married to these companies
that are not generating any actual revenue
it seems like there has to be a consequence for that eventually but maybe that's the real innovation here is there just doesn't
now you're getting it maybe that's the true innovation is just
yeah money is the only God now
you'd think that you would respect the concept of of value and loss like that is the traditional
American belief is belief in money as a God we've already been there for the last 200 plus years money is our God now
all things pal in comparison to the predictive honesty of the market
that's like been American Orthodox for as long as there's at least been a stock market and I'd say longer than that
like you know that's the transition out of feudalism is essentially the worship of money as this great equalizing force
that in that introduces meritocracy
and you know just propels growth infinitely into the future
but now you're just completely unwedding the concepts of value
revenue growth from like any tangible financial accounting that makes any sense
so I guess money isn't the God it's just growth I guess growth is the new God and money is just a you know a fence of hole
it's fucking Peter it's a Peter Pan dust
just sprinkle it on you and you will fly as much as you want
I don't know that's how it seems to me at least granted what I'm all everything I'm saying sounds insane even to me as I'm saying it
but that's the point I think none of it really makes a lot of sense
they already have all the money they want power now they've already had that too
more they've got it all
I don't know if this is in here but um
there was recently a primary in I believe Kentucky for Thomas Massey we've probably mentioned
Tom on the stream before he's one of the few like hardcore anti-trump in the sense that he's very pro-epstein truth Republicans
there was just a primary election this past week
ooh nevermind we got a hot cheer coming in
listen up Jack it's come or just Mama Jam 300 shiny tasty coins
I've been dying to say this like my boy Shane Omec says money money money money money dollars dollars dollars dollars in chain bling bling
cut the chatter and talking money then you're talking don't matter
shit he said it all better than you that's why he was president
he was quoting Shane Omec and that's why he's president was
successfully president successfully
I mean he was if you become president that counts as success
oh okay I don't even know what I was talking about I guess let's just move on
dollar dollar that's what we was talking about I've been talking money this whole time you've been talking just whiny nervousness
but I say bring it on just value it at 7.5 trillion give a Elon the money
let it rod baby let's see what happens
okay
Triple H is gonna run for Congress
you know this in 2026 at the end of this year we'll do a likely not likely that's the thing I've seen a bunch of podcasters and streamers do
and we'll let chat throw out questions about like the likely not likely and we'll vote on it
and then assuming I haven't melted by 2027 we'll check in
and see how accurate we were but if I had to rate triple H running for Congress is likely not likely I would vote it is likely
probably not in 2026
um but I would say
I would say it's I would actually put it more at like a 30
a 2032 3032 he's gonna run in a thousand years
I think I think like a 2032
2031 somewhere in the 2030s triple H pivoting to politics seems likely to me
why I don't know it's cuz he can I think he could
easy there's like a wide open Republican right Lane for triple H even though he has one of the most troubling personal histories and public histories
just easily easily searchable like
footprints of just being involved in both terrible products and terrible decisions
um yeah I think it wouldn't matter I think he's got like a little bit of name value and you can say he's a businessman even though
essentially his business mentor is one of the most prolific
psychopaths of the last 40 years
in the most public way possible and I mean granted I guess he wasn't convicted of
rape but you know
clearly involved in it but I get that literally has not stopped anyone from being successful in politics
clearly like just doesn't at this point it feels like a fucking precursor so
I would suspect that's likely can we can we click on some stories
yeah you know what we could we could have gotten to the news but um
well now there's other things going on now we're hyping
case complained his way into a hype train
the vids hearing resume next month gonna be interesting
yeah I'll be curious to see if um
got talking about this over the hype train is kind of insane I'll be curious to see if that re-enters
like public discourse in a major way it feels like there was some momentum behind it and then
they basically just waited it out I here's another likely not likely I think Vince
will start making public appearances on wrestling TV within the next two years
probably right before his death I think he'll be back before he dies if I had to guess
not as a character but just to like soak in crowd adulation and I think he'll get a huge pop
and people will be happy like the audience there will be happy to see him
you know I'll obviously think it's fucking horrifying but you know there's a reason I stopped watching wrestling basically
okay anyway I guess the hype train is he I got I got to stop pooching these likely not
likely is you don't want to pooch those I want to I want to pooch I want to pooch
I think he'll pop up in one of the Mexican brands just the waters that would be
that'd be an interesting decision from Vince I don't think he even needs to bother
I think he's just be like I'm coming back maybe like okay watch A.W. it's been on a legendary run this year
you know I've heard that tasty I just I think I just I needed a wrestling break
I think the general toxicity of just the vibes around
WWE infected my enjoyment even of A.W. which isn't fair but it's not a break for now
someday I'll check back in and I'll you know I'm sure I'll get reinvested
maybe Vince will find a way to sew his head to Austin
that is probably his greatest wish is just to be like sewn to a sexy man that he can yell at
you think Austin theory is sexy I'm not saying that but I think Vince thinks that
I used to watch old VHS's of Japanese cage fighting says Giggle Trash with Mick Foley and Terry Funk
there'd be a Terry Funk tight beat Terry Funk tight beat
there's a trap beat of I don't know Terry Funk's entrance music is actually
it's gonna type in Terry Funk trap beat and see what happens
no offense but when they A.W. is on a run they mean it's literally just 100 tag teams wrestling
see this is another reason I just was like I need a break from wrestling is
for a while my social media feed was very like wrestling doubt
my god like the and I'm not saying I'm not accusing you of this psych or but like the
just toxicity of like wrestling fan was blowing my mind given the number of
things there are to complain about it's like man people again man which is like
what you're not doing but some people are anyway this is a west side gun type beat
that's what happened when I typed in Terry Funk we just fired all their tag teams
yeah we talked about that a little bit what is this
this is a west side gun type beat dude
the description can you think the subs yeah I was good I was gonna talk about anything else
I don't have anything else I wanted to talk about today I trust him case I think what he's saying is the truth
yeah I'm just gonna talk about I'm gonna thank the subs
there's no beat to this beat
what the fuck this beat never even dropped it's just this noise
this is another west side gun type beat does it have a beat oh they're like more
mellow beats oh this way happens when you type in a just type in a funk trap
see what that gets you well that'll probably get us a bunch of things I'm assuming
also I gotta stop typing in trap beat not every beat needs to be a trap beat
obviously it says I don't even watch wrestling
I guess that's technically true for me right now too that won't stop me from having opinion
shut up case it's time to thank the subs everybody in chat yeah they know what is up
like a laser beam baby I'm always so focused and I'm about to thank the subs
in case you didn't notice oh my ass weighs about 6,000
he was a he was about to do it he literally started rapping about his ass
it's probably setting up a rhyme to think a sub don't we have a dog that can do this
isn't there a single dog in this world that could thank all the subs
are you trying to act like I can't thank the subs in my goddamn sleep
I'm literally sleeping right now
you're talking to us that's how easy it is for me
get me a mushy slut type beat
what? type it in case
type in the words mushy slut beat
why would that be a beat
tell me that it's not
I don't think it is
there's a topic called mushy cynoir
oh my god I can't even click on some of these videos
there's a beat for you
I don't know why papita wanted that type beat
cause it feels right
a mushy slut type beat
that's my nickname for case
mushy slut that boy looks like a disgrace
he's mashed up
and also he's a slut
can you stop saying slut so much papito
nah
so breachy yeah you know you make it easy
31 months with the prime sub
you know it please me just like case
guess please buy hot mashed potatoes
because he's a mushy slut
then you know that he's a ho ho
papito's in a mood
in a mood to destroy the whole damn world
messy messy on the beat baby
so cold like the potatoes burr
okay
y'all make it with a hundred easy bits
give it a new trip
I'm taking hot money dips like a jacuzzi
I'm on a permanent slip
to the hot shit bitch
chip pole was called for by
mallardale skimer 300 bits
to keep them water warm as well
giggle trash 7 minutes to go
with gifted subs guess to who
guess to who bro
I don't know
the chinese baby now they sub please
give me more chinese
I will eat it like yeee
okay not the rapper by the way just like yay
is more than I'm going for that's also
his nickname
shut up bum the sprout 100 bits
you know that they threw a mob like
side tricks giving a subs for 7 months
we got Apple double yes they are still addicted
to the snapple with 100 bits and a panther
because it's never a hassle
it's always a battle actually between
Apple double and the panther
and honestly to the winner baby I have not got
an answer pinks herrington
girl 37 100 bits damn girl
you just sent my whole to heaven and that's it
you say hold a heaven mouth hole
that's how it's done you mushy
sluts is that an insult even yes
the mushy part I love
some of my favorite restaurants are named slut
technically there are restaurants named slut
the others eggs slut and potato slut
there's no potato slut it's new
there's no restaurant named potato slut
steak slut that's not one either
burrito slut you're telling me there's no burrito slut
I don't think so bun slut
we stopped saying the word slut so much
you just said it dude shut up
shut up and eat these egg sluts
if you can name a restaurant slut then I can
say the word referentially repeatedly
burger slut I'll read Burger King should
rebrand King is boring now know what the new
King is slut that's right I took the word
back and it's cool now and now men are
using it to describe themselves I don't
think that's necessarily progress is
progress we took the word back you mean
the word that we use pejoratively against
women we took it back for us but now we
think it's cool none of this sounds
right shut up we got to move on there's
no time that's probably true
okay wait we have to do some segments
that's the main thing we need to do today
and we didn't get to any of the chat
news so just read some of these headlines
chat this is let's do a true rapid
fire let's not get into it at all no
commentary from me you know you're
gonna say bunch of dumb bullshit me
no I'm clicking out we're clicking on
five of these we're reading the
headlines that chat was kind enough to
share and for more context it's you're
in the wrong place we have no context
ever slut question mark we've reinforced
a word that I don't even like you got
this is immersion therapy case you got
to get comfortable with the hot new word
to your cases putting more thought into
the space x thing than the real news I
mean I didn't have to think about it
very long I looked at it and it was so
confusing to me I couldn't I had to
rant my way through it just to try to
figure out how I felt I think you knew
how you felt that's true case is more
frustrated in space x than you know
you'd pizza contest the whole you know
what that's it's the you know it of
stock IPOs okay all of this we're
currently in a no need based economy
that sounds sick to the movie wish
valued at twenty six trillion it's a
growth movie it's to the moon it's
also singing about the moon sometimes
slut was the winner you know I don't
like the way you said that you said
it so much shut up you nasty man okay
what is Ben's speculative price I think
we got a cool trilly in us no we're if
you had to value this stream as like
it's revenue I don't even want to get
into the numbers but we're I don't know
if we're cracking 10k oh come on we got
a 10k public valuation at least I don't
think you can value a company that only
has $10,000 valuation it must be some
like there must be some like a
mountain you have to hit right solid
500 bucks I'll take it sold what I just
sold the stream for 500 bucks I don't
think they were offering that they
might have been 45 minutes till patreon
oh god okay Ben is worthless no one
would ever buy this special garbage
special garbage called a special I'll
take it special garbage okay read these
headlines all right Trump says he's
known for his son for a long time I'd
say that we'd give that more context but
I think he said it all police probing
barbecue good stuff find Fox with mouth
full of hot dogs pictured here think
that's all you need I'm resisting the
urge to find out more about that Trump
quote but I really feel like the quote
honestly stands better on its own no
time for your bullshit case look at
this video we're not giving you the
headline we're giving you just the facts
aka a video of God I hope it's not a huge
floppy frog I don't know what it's going to be
oh it's a kangaroo there's a kangaroo in the loose
in Texas a Texas kangaroo well congratulations
Texas you know you're now Australia
Texas now Australia that's the headline
Jeff probes to post probes to accidently
spoil survivor 50 finale result during
TV gaff what just happened oh no if I
cared about survivor I'd be so mad at
Jeff Prost but a lot of people do I've
always amazed how popular survivor still
is so no choice got to execute them
damn this rough but fair tough but fair
watch adorable animals compete for the
best chuer in 2026 crunchathon here's
one of the entries there's been a
request for an expert by the way of
Jeff Prost but also a fox chop chop chop
sick those are pretty good crunches
this is a this three minute video game
is surprisingly good at spotting depression
what where do I play it how the game
was developed by new researchers
what's it called three minute long
video game design to identify depression
the loss of joy and we play video games
to hide from our depression god damn it
that's true they're kind of undermining
the whole thing here okay over 400k
settlement reached for FWC biologist
fired for Charlie Kirk social media post
and that's our good news of the day
I'm not commenting on the last one
saying all that was our good news our
good job news of the day I'm not saying
I'm not coming down politically on
either side of that you're not willing
to come down on the side of the guy
who got fired over some Charlie Kirk
tweet I don't know the tweet how nasty
of a tweet was it right this isn't
everybody complaining several years ago
we shouldn't be able to get fired for
anything ever basically that is one of
my stances but also what if you said
something fucked up okay let's do a
debate and then let's play a couple
minutes of Aladdin before we get to
the patreon either way it's debate time
that's right there's always a little
time to see the best but unfortunately
the best can only exist in contrast to
things that aren't as good so much so
that sometimes you must come directly into
contract with the worst who is also here
it's crumb no comment on anything you say
ever literally you comment on everything I
say all the time nope not today
welcome to magic run the debate show
where you set the debate and today's
bait it debate today baiting today we're
baiting today I masturbate today we're
debating better Final Fantasy villain
Kefka or Sephiroth the fuck is Kefka are
you kidding me are you actually
joking me for real I'm not commenting
on your bullshit actually no comment
Kefka he's the fictional character in
main antagonist in the 1994 real
playing game Final Fantasy shit you
weren't familiar with him is that
we's isn't several way more famous than
this guy this guy here I mean obviously
I love a good jokler classic jokler but
isn't he just the Joker isn't he like that
guy from Hunter Hunter the creepy guy
who kind of wants to sleep with the kids
and Hunter Hunter you don't know the
character you don't know that's no I
don't think he's what are you even talking
about that's he's giving me that vibe he's
like a mix between Joker and the pedophile
from Hunter Hunter I know I don't know
what the fuck you're talking about
alright well that's probably most people
then because of my advanced brain waves
anyway I like Sephiroth okay well I've
got no problem backing up my boy
Kefka especially after he's been
slanderized ridiculously by you
comparing him to some anime antagonist
Petter asked I only speak the truth
let me just pull up the Kefka wiki just
to do a little quick research you don't
know who Kefka is either yes I do he's
the Final Fantasy 6 antagonist and
honestly incredible kind of circus
Japanese fusion character design that I
think really holds up I like that he's
the main antagonist of Final Fantasy 6
he's the court mage of course of the
gestalion empire where he was the
experimental magitek knight giving
him the ability to use magic you all
remember that of course however the
process was not yet perfected in the
fusion damaged his mind transforming
him into a maniacal harlequin with an
unquestionable thirst for blood and I
think that's one of the things that
made him so memorable and why he's
honestly better than that you know
knockoff jpop looking pretty boy
chef roth ten foot sword what's he
what's he compensating for honestly
you know that advent children movie was
confusing and why he's only got one
wing that's not practical look chef
roth transcends Final Fantasy somehow
I don't doesn't entirely make sense
all the characters are giant sexy
men with really long hair but
sometimes one just perfects the art
form of whatever that is and
sephiroth did that he is the final
fantasy antagonist yes sure sometimes
they're gonna have a sexy clown or
the embodiment of sin that's for some
reason turns into like a giant island
or whatever other guys in like 12 and
13 or something it's basically always
just sephiroth give me a fucking break
he is Final Fantasy the Final Fantasy
is a really tall silver haired sexy
jpop kpop looking guy just
murdering your girlfriend in front of
you so that you can really get down to
the brass tacks of what you want to do
which is sword fuck each other because
all of it is just you know it's just
sex with extra steps and that's what
we're here for we level up until we're
strong enough to fuck the sexiest man
on the planet with our even bigger
sword fantasies finalized by sephiroth
thank you very much all right well I
guess I can admit that you're all
wrong in this case I had to go against
you but that clown deserves it probably
my easiest victory ever that is
ridiculous ridiculous that anyone would
even bother catch lighters on my side
you're all wrong well if we're all
wrong that you're wrong too everyone but
me and catch lighter is wrong I win but
at what cost the cost of accuracy the
only cost that it was in the costless
because I'm always accurate and cost me
nothing at the end of the day the guy
with the who's taught us with the
longest sword is the best villain
you think villainy comes down to being
tall with a really long sword name one
villain that isn't the best with a
really long sword
you can't you can't I can't even think
of what you're talking about how exactly
there's no one that you can mention
that's a villain with a really long sword
who's not the best villain the guy from
bleach whose power is extending his sword
he's a good one he lived I know he
you're talking about and he's got a
fox face and he's the best one
Negan he's got a baseball bat
basically a sword but it's a long bat
and he's the best it's not a sword it's a
baseball but it's essentially a sword
no it's a normal size baseball bat yeah
but in his hands it looks tall because
he's a sexy man who's tall I don't even
know if the actor who plays Negan is that
tall he's tall like all great villains
Chuckie Chuckie is tall in spirit and he
wields a knife that to him is a giant
sword essentially making him tall what
because he's wielding a knife but he's
small it gives him a long sword making
him tall can we make any fucking sense on
this stream for two seconds Chuckie is
tall he's demonstrably short nope because
he's holding a knife it makes him look
tall he's tall Freddy Cougar has really
long nails making him look tall what
no he's got sword nails that make him
look tall he's tall he I don't think he's
tall he can be as tall as he wants in
your dreams and sometimes he's huge in
his dreams Chuckie is less than two feet
tall but he looks tall and he's tall in
spirit tall is relative he's bigger than
a Barbie for a doll he's quite tall is
Chuckie tall yes what we're doing two
debates two debates chat demands that
are a demon decided Chuckie is tall for
a doll he's tall come on he's big for
a fucking doll you know it's true
not all villains operate by our petty
standards of tall tall is fucking
relative and not only is he tall for a
doll he's whore holding a knife that is
tall to a doll basically making it a
sword that is long no he's short he's a
little he's human-shaped oh my god why
am I even debating this he's a human
shaped doll he's also a child he's a
tall child no he wouldn't even be tall
for a toddler he's a short toddler
really do you even know what age to
Chuckie is well he's an adult man in a
toddler doll body but a short toddler
I've seen taller toddlers at the god damn
dog park where they're not supposed to be
because it's a full-size dog park and
and honestly they're at dog height and
it's a little dangerous for the kid what
are you talking my point is that he I
don't know what I'm talking about but
he's short for real he's obviously short
now he's a tall doll much taller than
your average doll he's wielding what to
a doll is a long sword he follows the
Sephiroth rule of all villains are tall
with a long sword he's trying to drive
us insane chat don't let him do it
nothing he's saying makes any sense
you're allowed to tune out at any time
in fact I didn't you're encouraging
viewers to leave our channel this
anti-business nonsense on this channel
people are against spacex they're
against viewership this is ridiculous
this is the kind of thing that the
insecure short villains of our world do
insecure short villains yes all bad
villains are short look these are the
rules all villains that aren't that
great or short and all villains that are
good are tall what makes a good villain
tall with a long sword oh my god I
quit I maybe I have to quit I quit this
I don't quit the show I actually need
this but I I don't come on just coming
at the last minute oh he is tall I
look the numbers don't lie the numbers
are literally lying in this case chat
already mentioned he's two feet tall a
tall ass doll and a tall ass villain
with a long sword we don't even have
time for this there's no time for this
where you someone has to play in a
Latin game what am I even talking
about you've driven yourself insane
no one can be blamed for that but you
there's a miscarriage of you won by
two two inches is the difference
between short and tall in some cases
two inches is a is also between the
normal ass dick and a big one
two is what big numbers what I'm saying
two is a tall number oh I hate I hate
that I hate you I hate you now we're
getting somewhere I hate you too I wish
you were dead I don't wish that upon
anyone I'm sorry I'm getting upset I
don't hold hate in my heart I actually
love you as God loves all of his
children and I wish you I wish that
you would change no you hate me just
go with the hate give into your hate
like that fucking guy said in the hood
hood you know one of them one of the
guys in the hood a tall villain hood
one said that okay okay we're
sending it away just watch this
idiot this hateful moron play a game
I can't I can't today hey hi hello
my actual headphones these are
earplugs that I sleep with actually
pretty much when I'm not sleeping
I'm hibernating and what I'm not
streaming that is bomb I just started
can I get a break please
no I did it's clean this is my
room is clean just like talls relative
clean is relative okay let's see I got
to look up the name of this game
actually live in maybe live in sleazy
already because there's such a hero
maybe they already met message us it
they message us buck bumble and
Aladdin activity center your hero
Rick what I'm going to wing slots do
you want breast or thighs oh actually
could I get them do chicken tendies
could I get some tendies slots he's
not responding I'll just get it
later myself actually I'll probably
see McDonald's okay looks like this
is pretty much good to go great news
just make sure everything's working
normally mm-hmm mm-hmm mom what I
can't believe you are playing some
D I game called Aladdin yeah why
wouldn't I why wouldn't I mom okay
no honestly mom I can barely even
tell you're saying you are so
muffled muffled it's crazy I'd say get
like closer to the door but I don't
want that either like I don't want
that either so don't do that mm-hmm
okay okay I full screen this hey brand
brand what all these thoughts on
face x I'm so mad we can't have data
centers on the moon no no mom we can
we can have them that's why it's so
valuable we're gonna get them I'm
excited I'm excited for like moon games
games that are in the cloud but on
the moon or something because it's
like the cloud but on a comet look I
don't understand like I don't I'm not
like a finance guy but like I'm
excited for it what mom what yes brand
brand brand what signed a birthday card
for your cousin I made a cake with a
nail file in it just like trout asked
he don't done get out till 2069 you
just sneezing in my door why okay
Aladdin is loaded this is the Aladdin
activities center obviously you've
probably seen me speed run this game
but today we're gonna take it a little
slow I'm gonna act like I don't know
what I'm doing at all even though
like obviously I basically do spoilers
Prince Ali turns out to be merely
Aladdin okay okay great great great
welcome to Agrabah this is one fun
place look around explore if you ever
need help click here I'll be there in
a flash okay chief let me point out a
few things if you're looking for fun
in games I can't hear you break a
market place I can't hear you the
cave of wonders or the Sultan's
truly loud actually let me turn this
down to something like mine let's get
acquainted if you see your name on
the scroll click I've saved the best
seat type it in why is he talking
double talking you'll never be able to
beat this game you little fucking bitch
well bricks drunk honestly break your
drunk okay let's get acquainted if you
see your name on the scroll click on it
if it isn't there type it in and click
on that handsome genie in the corner
what let's do it this way actually they
had the chicken tendies on implemented
trap bucket with every dip oh did not
meet it what oh brick I'm like really
distracted right now I'm trying to play
pretty serious game here so I don't know
what you're talking about with buckets
but like I don't have time for an egg
bucket or a slot bucket shit is it just
dead there's crash it's just zero
my what McDonald's down the street
closed down do they still have big max
there that's still part of the game
shit I refri refreshed I refreshed
because I thought it wasn't we're gonna
have to do that intro again I'll try
a different name because honestly maybe
my game name was like too rude and like
kind of like unfiltered and insane for
them okay Aladdin Activity Center data
quick type what up brand brand maybe
gotta click on this gigantic wooden
barrel on the porch all the writing is
in Mandarin what is this thing oh I
need that mom I need that actually okay
I think I clicked on the wrong thing and I
like loaded into it somehow loaded into
the game like partway through maybe because
we missed this last time there we go
okay let's get acquainted if you see your
name on the scroll click I got away
with it that time did he wish for it
did he trick the genie into just doing
the wish without saying the word I wish
like in the movie I've seen it
explore if you ever need help click here
I'll be there in a flash okay chief let me
point out a few things if you're looking
for fun in games try the marketplace the
cave of wonders or the Sultan's Palace if
you want to watch some of my favorite
movie click on the theater I've saved
the best scene the house for you that's
about all that's the movie I sure would
like a lad in me if you know what I
mean quake way quake yeah a nice 12 foot
tall werewolf lad me slut what brick
what I gotta just I'm trying to have
fun in games here you're being insane
the voice for this they did I think
unless it's the guy from the sequel
movies it's not Robin Williams but
kind of sounds like him give me a
diamond okay this is an old favorite of
mine about three millennia old now if I
could just remember how to play oh yeah
click on a card to turn it over and then
find the card that matches it it does
sound a little not like Robin Williams
to me it sounds like a guy got to do
this finally what did Rick did you but
dial me but then hold the phone up to
your face try again okay okay I tried
my memory is bad I've got a lot on my
mind so you know activity complete
game over man you lost the name screen
whoa Rick you don't even sound like
yourself and I just dominated that game
in fact I'm you miss what I'm I now
don't even know what I'm supposed to
do but I just keep playing forever oh my
god what the fuck this is too many
cards try another one okay I'm already
getting really good at this shit play
as twister in your mom's room you're
not allowed loser what how am I not
remembering any of these oh wait those
are different genie faces do I just get
infinite tries I guess so I guess I
have infinite tries at this it's fun in
games like it's meant to be fun is the
thing so like that's what how I'm
approaching it okay is honestly with an
attitude of joy and fun like obviously
it's fucking sucks but what oh god damn
dirty clean it for once cuz you're
you're farting and mom you're farting
into it all oh my god she farted into
my door again clean it yourself I
don't even use the outside of my door I
don't leave my room like that's a new
thing this is impossible oh I got the
snitch this is Harry Potter related to
I guess try again oh no I won't I'm done
I quit let's try another one I'm
watching this guy named mostly what on
this show called Ben is this porn
I don't know is it like on Paramount Plus
or something I haven't heard of that
okay ultra hard mode oh god it's time
for some fun and games y'all let's try
another one oh give it another go
okay are these different internet
pictures oh wait I still had only
brands open in another browser tab there
we go why didn't you play the good
because the request is for the Aladdin
fun and game center we're having fun
in games what more do you want from me
another one okay I quit I quit I quit
I quit I quit hello master need a hand
all right let me point the way
having a problem no problem click here
and I'll give you some help
prop-nusted want to start over click here
it's a whole new world I don't you can
make this game easier or harder by
clicking how do I quit the game forever
had enough yeah okay there's the exit
oh it says exit down there do you want
to save your work yes wait do I quit
the whole game or just that mini game
just quit the mini game okay there's
gotta be some other fun and games to
have to be had unleash why 2k man
that's how the game ends I think
yeah no spoilers though
oh boy this is one messed up picture
to get it right just choose a piece
and then drag it to where it belongs
I'll take care of the rest
crom you're ordering from fuck
anything that moves because as you
are a lot of chicken tendies some new
restaurant opened up downtown called
fuck anything that moves and I I
haven't had their chicken tendies yet
okay what oh it's like a how did you
get so smart what I don't it's a good
question actually how did I get so
smart going to make him an offer
he can't refuse impressive thank you
more of these okay I guess I will
because there's no like reward oh it's
just the same thing but worse like more
knowing to do okay cool I think I get
that then well just we don't have that
much time so you want to save your work
yeah yeah save my work I want to return
to this brick I already said like this
is the good one says the requested one
my chat doesn't lead me astray this is
like every this is what everybody's
playing this is the new twitch about it
two items which are exactly the same it
can get pretty tricky so look carefully
okay yeah these two are the same I'm
having a hard time stumping you kid oh
and now it's worse it's like worse time
again yeah these two are the these two
are the same though these are definitely
definitely different what about my
whiner no Rick no I think those two are
different from each other yeah but these
are the same job on that one okay that's
that one you know what what if I click
no out of curiosity oh not the same thing
the same thing happens okay is this
drawing are we gonna draw oh thank you
remember where I put my Aladdin moomoo
it's a cold out here oh yeah you put it
in the oven you said you wanted to burn
off some of the bugs but and you said
that the moomoo was slick enough with
your moisture that it wouldn't burn in
the oven that some of your secretions
would protect it kind of like a stunt
man that puts on all of that stuff
before they light themselves on fire so
I would just check the oven I think it's
been in there for a couple weeks um okay
I would have chosen the same hey Brandon
check out the game pratfall it's like
peak in reverse I think you play as
Chris Pratt to do some art just choose
a color and get started for some super
effects try painting one color over now
mm-hmm okay coloring is about layers like
people are too precious like I've been
I've been I've been a drawing class so
like I get it like you just want to get
like you want to just layer it what
grunge face okay great oh that this
color about but this color okay and
then like you just want to get some
like accents in there and then you like
you can sell this this is the kind of
thing you can sell it like a like
twitchcon say like oh yeah I painted
this myself you sell it mm-hmm mm-hmm
okay good done yep save that save that
oh a lad oh yeah
two foot werewolf your mom has the best
contacts this is I'm drawing a lad in
here he has like a little hat right
leadin has like a little hat or
something and anyway I'm sort of going
for Calvin and Hobbes thing so he's
pissing Brandon heard you just failed
another art class had to have pastor
Joe what I say last time you did that
mom I'm literally like doing original
art right now this is like a Calvin
and Hobbes but if it was a leadin and
then you got Calvin peeing on Hobbes
like in the classic drawing okay great
next okay cool I would have chosen the
same color he's got like a he's got a
blue mustache that's what he was for
theater and watch the film mustache and
he's really strung out he's strung out
his shit so he's like red-eyed he's
been through some stuff so he's got
like a he's got like a tie he's got
like he's got a sleeve he's all
veined out he's been working out
actually he's got like a he's got like a
tattoo of like tree okay great that's
done um do you want to save your work
no I'm no what does it do okay when
I made a mistake I don't have a job
over her I mean here yeah actually
both work there's more things to do
just with yeah where is spider-man
cartoon maker that's crazy that I can't
find that class here's the plan choose
the paint can with the same number as
the part of the picture that you want to
paint and click on that area are you
serious oh god this is fun and games
bake Robin Williams just called out
your coloring you know what Rick I'm
literally like doing my absolute best
and it looks really good it's just like
so fucked up that you can't like support
me in like doing an awesome job what
didn't I click 30 I'm literally like
doing I'm like doing Disney painting
right now like Disney level painting I
said 30 I said 30 what not 10 30
alright it's broken it's bullshit it's
broken it's broken and it's bullshit
what do you want to save your work
is that more again now blackface a lad
and can be drunk I haven't even eaten
attendees yet there with the other
attendees I haven't eaten yet I have a
pile of attendees that are kind of
mushed up from sliding under my door
I gotta eat later I gotta get to him
before some of the cockroaches like
make a house in them oh it's just a
movie itself it's just straight up in
the movie how can you find this game
but no spider-man cartoon maker you
know that's a great question that I was
thinking about earlier and I don't I
don't know oh you can pause it okay
Jasmine scary that's fucking I honestly
I did almost jump this show is really
scary actually what does this shit
do but coloring inside the line
thank you no favorite of mine oh god
you can access your other games from
the theater click on a card to turn it
over no I don't want to you just have
quick access to all the games here
oh brother was just playing with him
brick what I'm trying to watch a movie
here pastor Joe just bless this house
because of your horrific art what happened
to my sweet choir boy choir boy what
the fuck are you talking about I've
never been I've never done that it's not
a thing I did quit making up lies about
me mom god it's not Laura about me
alright let's go to the palace live it
up what the fuck is this the same stuff
Disney is going to nuke this stream
what do you mean I'm supporting the
eco this twitch streamer ecosystem by
watching their video game movie by
watching their video game movie from
1990 what could they possibly be mad at
here alright give me this get to the maze
huh easy but oh the exit is closed and
won't open until you've gotten all the
objects in the maze so try it it's fun
pastor Joe just called me said donations
don't let him barge into your stream
anymore who the frick is pastor Joe bro
bro it's my mom's spiritual advisor or
something just like I've got you know
got like that rat that shows up in
whispers to me in my sleep alright let's
hit the road jack okay this is cool this
is honestly this is good stuff I don't
know I like just like let my instincts
take over and I didn't let fear define me
four minutes till patreon okay yes I only
have time for one more of these sucks but
fine yeah you know what I do I do what
we did here today matters even if we
didn't even have time to play ABC
elephant or barely did love this game
I'll show you an object and tell you its
name you spell it by choosing the
letters from the alphabet then you and
me we're gonna fill in this picture
all togetherness swan what do you mean
just spell swan w a n swan yeah okay
try this one for size sheep what what
now try this one diamond e m o n
s r p g who is this homer simpson
sounding as you v w x y z t l c d f h i
diamond you're on a roll kid I am okay
try this one for size hairband see you
m o n s t should I do it wrong v anyway
I forgot how to spell actually unfortunately
that's all the time we have to have to
go I've got to like get out of here
post taste so I'm sending it back to
the studio so you can find someone to
raid and no regrets like we
conquered another game we've really been
killing it lately like with the game
playing stuff and like I've really been
focused up and I've been like conquering
honestly game after game and it feels
really good I'm gonna be honest with you
guys about that and it's been helping
with my depression which I found out I
might have because I played a two-minute
video game earlier anyway that's it for
now bye bye this is still going how
banable is my stream today maximum
maximum bans for all of us okay I got to
read someone right away immediate
raids let's raid doctor buggerly dank
that's not how you say it I should say
his name it's diggity dink
oops that's not that's not that's not
right that's the wrong guy that's not
that's wrong guy he's playing a game
as he does as the doctor does okay well
I'll be on the patreon in about a minute
last honestly 30 seconds I got a raid
right now because I'm probably gonna be
late if I don't but we'll be back
tomorrow with hopefully a little bit of
a longer stream and we will see you
then I'm assuming okay I want to just
hang out for a couple minutes there's
not time for me to get one of us
okay well I was hanging over a couple
minutes this thing you know I gave
up a bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
did you do should I end the stream
before the patreon yes okay I guess I
guess if that's what you think I
shouldn't shouldn't just keep
streaming the patreon on our stream I
guess that's what you think yeah that's
what I think okay