Hello everybody good to see you in for a little quick stream
Pepito does he does it by instinct. He's a creature pure instinct as always that's the power of Pepito
He doesn't know how to count, but he doesn't anyway good to see you all Greg T us 1000 and today
He jumped out gearless Joe. No, man. I am Apple. That's apple. I'll go feel 2k tasty zero
So breechy commander gab. Oh my gosh. Thank you all for hanging out might be a little bit of a quick one today, but I
Made a promise to let shut have his own science guy segment and I said I do it today
So it's a science guy stream most likely after we do a little news
Bonsai bullfrog good to see you
Chet will science the science. He will be performing today. I am told could get me banned
Permanently from twitch
Not permanently
But possibly says Kendall and it has to do with messy wings. So how is that even possible?
I don't know live science indeed plus your science recommendations
That's a life stunt from chat. That's the power of
Check guy the science eyes
Pito you excited for some science. I don't care about science. I don't believe in it. All I believe in is the moment
Well, that's maybe good too. It's I don't had make value judgments. He said you don't like science
It's not value judgments of feeling. I don't feel like it's good
Pito does believe in cheese the science make cheese sort of okay. I take it back. I like it
I'm in the moment. Yeah. Good job. Yeah
That's the lick Chet saucy finger honestly, I don't how messy are these wings? I guess that's what Chet's gonna have to figure out
Let's do a little news before then. Oh, you know speaking of news. I didn't realize
Yesterday there was this insane
He's getting weirder
Yesterday there was a debate about boats vs. bridges
on
Bunch of crumb and I didn't realize that I had a reference point that was very much in the news
In case anybody didn't realize either. I might have handled that or I would have asked them to handle that a little differently
But oops
Yeah, look at this shit a whole ass bridge collapsed around a boat
And Chet even eat wings with those mangled fingers. I don't know. So why is there no audio on here?
The video of the bridge collapsing is pretty nuts. Let me see if I can find that
Bridge ship collapse video. Yeah, I'm sure you guys realized
I'm sure if I went back to and looked at the chat instead of being
Blissfully unaware you were probably like yeah bridge a whole ass bridge collapsed
Check this out. Apparently it just couldn't
Steer away due to some kind of power failure or something
That bridge just goes down so hard. I
Don't think it was without injuries either. Yeah, it's I also noticed afterwards that it was in the discord
Yeah, yeah, no, it makes it makes a world of sense for every wolf
And also, you know, if I just perused the news before doing this news stream
I could have I could have known I could have totally known
But I think it's important to pay off the premise of me of me literally never knowing what's happening
Yes, people did die a six. That's what I heard our six were missing
But that's not a good sign when I mean, you just saw it happened
Too dead to hop hospitalized for presumed dead
Pretty brutal. Yes, truly a barely informed moment
As I just ranted about well, sorry, I actually blame munch and crumb. I'm
Faultless, so I guess actually I have nothing to apologize for so convenient how that works
So, you know, I'll just veer back into news that
Probably doesn't offend anyone. Well, or at least isn't that
Is a very low stake. Well of high stakes for one person, you know, as I say it, I realize this is a real
You know spicy story in its own, right?
12 inch yield slides of Vietnamese man's rectum
I did have to click on that. Obviously, that's the kind of thing I have no choice but to click on
Let's bring in someone to talk about it
Don't let them take it from me. Oh, wow. Thanks for joining us Jeff
Jeff Jeff
Having some technical difficulties that case like usual you fool
Uh, let's thank some people. I noticed some subs have been coming in and some bits
I don't miss these kinds of things because I'm Jeff ripple. God damn it microphone 900
Thank you so much for the resub 16 months that you've been spending with me
I've only been here a couple months
But retroactively. I'm the most important microphone 900. Thank you for the 750
750 fresh bits for that dog that you are poisoning
Kevye west 14 months a whole year a year plus
You're in the year plus club with me Jeff ripple even though I haven't worked here for a year and a hype train just started
Leading us to skull meat x barely informed for 13 months
I like to think I raised the bar just above barely leaving you slightly informed
Which is a challenge at this particular new station courtesy of this guy
Well, what's wise at my fault? You're the one reading it
It's the it's the vibe you put out. It's the precedent you said
Also tasty zero and tamper and thank you for the the the viewing streaks
You're streaking baby and I like to see it streak the yard
Do you need to check in with this hype train?
um
Love the hate I guess I do have to check in with the hype train jeff so you can actually take a second
To just chill. Oh, I'm
I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go piss
You have to tell me that I just want you to know it's gonna be a minute
Once I get going. I don't know how long the stream will be. I don't know and I'm not talking about this stream
I'm gonna be pissing for who knows how long. Okay, man. I'm just keeping you're my employer. I
I do not monitor my bathroom breaks. I don't
That's your mistake. The subs are pouring in so who knows how long I'll be pissing
Okay, you don't need to keep telling me. Let's go check in with the hype train. Jesus christ
um
Yeah, the ripple stream indeed these subs are flying in
And that unfortunately has one catastrophic effect, which is summoning the fucking hype train
I don't like it any more than you guys, but there's no choice. It is here
Um, and it does stay perpetually hyped hype train. How you doing today?
How do you think I'm doing it?
I'm nasty
No
Give me some crazy lights. You got lights now, right? They don't work for me
Are those lights don't work for me?
They work for me. Don't do my voice
Hey, everybody. We got subs coming in. Oh my god. I love to see them
Banzai bullfrog
Oh, yeah, that's that's real good
That's 17 months to be it on this train. Love to hate 14 months on this train
Scold me dex 13 months on this train
Apple dApple 100 bits for this
I think you need to update hype train
So my next goal is to update the hype train after we do this peter theme
I've never gone on a style man. I'm as good as ever
I just feel like the amount I spend the amount of time I spend with you
I might have to add to you slightly
We're going to hike me up even more. I'll think it's something
Oh my
Give me a new song
Find me a nasty trap beat
Engine trap beat I'm I have in it. I'm kind of the engine
Got him a lot of tight beat engine. That's what I like to hear
Oh
You really like beats lately. I'm into beats lately
Yeah, thank you so much for hyping my ass up. I've got two sweet minutes of life before I die
Before I die
And maybe never come back
Click click down my ass
They say damn train
Damn train has dropped his subs
You keep a chance to get back
Well damn train does drop the ton of subs. That's true
Hype train in the back with you. You are chat. Who's chat? You are chat. I'm not chat. I'm talking to chat. Where's chat?
They're in the back
I should have known that you obviously should have known that
How many times do I have to fucking say it?
Yeah, I'm aware that chat's in the back
Oh
I'm as lazy as not getting greasy or making assumptions. I'm assuming correctly that they are getting greasy probably
Then this is all happening over this story. That's about this 12 inch
He'll sliding up erect
It's propelled this hype train to four more minutes of life
Because you want to run into chat
Honestly creepy with a high-pitched voice you're doing Pepito's voice if anything
Oh, you're not doing the home improvement voice
That'd be a new track
That'd be a new fucking track, please
Well, you actually said please it's kind of nice
It's called hard engine
Hard engine
I think he did it better. No, I'm doing it even better than Tim Allen did it
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my gosh
Shaggy
Call the fucking mystery mobile
Fucking scooby snacks in the back dropping five subs from my tight little ass
Shaggy fucking got me
Dude, I got too much right now. Nobody here can stop me on that hard train coming down the track chug a chug a
I'ma get even more subs cuz it's getting butter
But I'm a fucking wheels now that's getting fast and i'm going straight back over way down the track
And I'm gonna find you jack cuz I know you're in the pack. I'ma knock like Jack Nicholson
He knocked by clack clack clacking
Shining I'm by stooping down whole door smiling
Hype train I am here. I have a kid who we saw you kicking weird
Now you think you're in the movie shining. I am in the movie shining
If you look closely, I am in the movie shining
They stopped me in the corner. They said look at that
I left a little surprise there for you chair. I guess I do forget that you're from hell
He did knock with an axe and I'm not with my ass
I'm so
Too loose today. I'm so sorry. He's fucking crook. Oh nuts off this
Hype train got the smoke stack. Yeah, you said it loses got the smoke pouring out
You can hope that shit. No doubt. And when you smoke my hype smoke, you're gonna lose your whole mouth
You're gonna lose your mouth
Oh my god, the hype train is
Way too lucky. I'm sorry everybody. I'm so sorry
What are you apologizing? I will stay alive forever. Hype train is coming through. I will never
Hype train so alive. I'm immortal now
You'll die. You'll die in about two minutes. Yeah, we'll see about that. Give me another thinking beat while they judge you
You grind. Yeah, they make fun of you. You double down on your effort. Yeah
Sleep you study. Yes while they keep talking
This is my fucking model man turn that shit up turn that shit up in my headphones
You're not even wearing headphones turn that shit up in my headphones. I've got so high for what you just said
But we're fucking grinding we're busy
Grinding even harder when they told you you suck you suck them so hard that they're like never mind
You fucking wrote it suck it and when they came for your
Went for your for your train wheels
He said they're not exactly wheels. They're more like, um, they're wheels. Well, yeah, they're on a track
So they're different to the wheels that you're used to this hype train is not dying today
I keep thinking I told you I will never die
I need to talk about this eels that slid up a man's ass
We gotta have priorities here hype train
The tracks keeping it slick
Man that hurt me up, man. Yeah, you're that's your thing. You're always hyped. I get it
You don't get anything
This one is us as of course, um
Donald duck smoking a cigar, but probably honestly, there's probably marijuana in that cigar if I had to guess
Oh
Kanye is not here. Oh, we didn't get you can't just say kevye west and then say Kanye west and think he'll appear
Oh, no, don't use the panel trick
This doesn't work on I guess Kanye's immune to that
Stop accusing donald duck of drug use. This is just an artistic representation. There's no telling if donald duck is
High off any substances
I
Christ level seven. What's this hype train doing today is fucking a lot for this
I really want to talk about this 12 inch eel sliding up a vietnamese man's rectum
I guess I never thought of it that way hype train
One inside me
I get yeah, I guess if you're a live train sure it's I who am I to say you don't feel everything going on inside you
You'll never believe this
You'll never believe this
But it features spongebob smoking a cigar
What are you thinking buddy
A lot of support, but I don't think it can last forever. I think eventually you have to die
You high five satan and you scream out gold
Yep, you explain that
Live dropping 400
Completely fine, I mean I just have to sit here and watch you do this
My only concern is that this is degrading chat mental state
Just listening to a train rant and rhyme various easy to rhyme words
Tens of minutes at a time. Oh my god, this is crazy the amount of support coming in
No
Kendall I'm so sorry for this the hype train is just going absolutely nuts today
She's getting a call. She's getting a call hype train. Can you please be respectful?
Yeah, can you chill?
Nobody said anything on the other end hype train. I think you scared them off
With your craziness
Oh
I never meant to hurt anybody
Oh, she says it would have been fine. No, I don't believe that it would have been fine
All right, so I should feel bad. Oh my god
Oh god, you're just gonna use this to keep fucking rambling. Yeah, sometimes you make this thing
I'm talking about I never knew I never meant to do this
It's a hype train sounding like chat
Yeah
Hey
That's name is taken
Which means train pain
That's a very popular artist. I'm up in my key pain train pain
My own pain, which is T. Okay, fine. Yeah, sure whatever
I never knew my engineer father. He just put me down on a blueprint
But I never saw the blueprint
And now deep in my blueprint is a hole in my heart that was there from the start
It's a hole in my heart that can fart
That's you're just making things up that rhyme. No, you know what it's like, man
To have a hole in your heart that farts
When you want to feel things instead of just fucking a big a big plastic ass gas comes right out of where your heart's supposed to be
So you didn't know what that's like and that you my daddy made it this way by designing me like this
Who's your daddy?
Same as what
Are you gonna say grouping the train hood
Was it around a normal train neighborhood
I feel better now. Thanks for letting me work through my feelings
I mean, I didn't really let you do anything. I've trained you're just
Seemed to be never dying. Hi shaggy. Thank you so much for keeping me a forget for for hearing
My story
But that's what we just listened to
You need a happier beat if you're gonna stay alive for this god damn long, let me thank some people
Shaggy damn trap. Thank you so much for all the subs you're dropping
I'm I'm sorry that I'm punishing you with the hype train, but I can't help it. He just shows up
I worship shadow and card king. Thank you so much as well a lot of big sub
Droppers a lot of big bit droppers kevye west of breechy a lot of little mini subs coming in but those little mini subs add up
I need a mini sub sometimes we gotta eat a little sub. I'm in a subway and I said can I get a three inch and they said
I said why not
They said watch out. They pulled out a nunchuk and they hear me in the head. They said three inches bitch again
I said all I wanted was a little sub
They said we don't sell that here get the fuck out
It was quite a life hype train
To never die I will continue
Fucking hypes god damn you really are here to go in and go in today
Yeah hype train I do know you've really been you've made a lot of your points several times
The level 10 do I get a new enclosure at level 10? I did earlier say that I need to update you
I might add some more
Elevates to you because I do spend a lot of time with you. It turns out
What do you mean? We got a good thing going in case I'm a classic man
I'm a classic man
A little boy on the train
On the train that is also a man actually just kidding. I'm 100% train. I've never been a man ever
Ever been a man ever
I'm a hype train to my core
You want some more? I'm a hype train to my core and I never get more because I'm a train
I keep spinning and I keep spinning the myth of your hot train, but I am sitting smoking and getting out of my old smoke stack
I love the two packs the day of my old smoke stack
Two packs of your own smoke stack
A lot of this train crack
Train crack?
That's what I call the stuff coming out of my smoke
Some of the stuff's coming that shit right up in your coming through
Boy, maybe we need to change up jonas. You've been rapping a lot. Yeah, I want to do one. Oh, yeah, baby. Give me your sweet
Give me your pops. Give me your pop trick. I love it. Give me some pop music
Instrumental yeah
124
I look hot in my train thong
I keep my train thong on and on and on and it's out my crack
Mecha post got a thong in the back with chat and it feels good
Chat, do you like that car gang with another five?
I'm still alive. I train coming for you. I will never die. Oh, we owe, we owe
Train pouring out my smoky coal
Puff it up my old smoke stack still on two packs second hand smoke for your chat
Sorry chat, he's really
Smoking out the whole chat in the back today apparently car gang thank you so much for the 400 bits. Okay, west you guys are
There's like five or six of you just single-handedly keeping this train going forever
Give me more
Yeah, they
Because
Sam Smith was in there
And sometimes it is Sam Smith featuring come to Petrus
featuring Kim Petrus sometimes he features inside me
What's going on now Ray Silva just I can't die I'm cursed to be immortal
By your height and I like it
Everyone was lying when they said being immortal sucks. It's the best
I don't know this song
I do
I don't think you do know this song
Okay
Okay
Okay
I think there's a reason you might rap
They're legally married
Yeah, I think you're all legally married to the hype train
This is my callum scott. I love this song. You were the reason I don't know this song at all
I don't think this is how it goes
I say use free tax about it and I asked if you wanted milk and you never said anything
This is I didn't realize you had so much emotional experience hype train
I
Wait, you mean me
All the lyrics and you looking directly at me
Sorry, I had a hydrant in my throat
Um
I think we have to do check guy the science eyes
Jeff um, can you fill us in is really quick in honor of that hype train about whatever's going on with this 12 inch
With this 12 inch um eel
Jeff
What the hell was that that was like 30 minutes of hype train
This case need a water break. No, but I do case. You don't get any water
You're being punished for being naughty and spending too much time with the hype train. It's not my fault the hype train
The hype train shows up
When there's hype
I can't keep it away. I still blame you. That's fair
I'll accept that
You spend all your bitties
Subrichi, thank you so much. Let me thank everybody
We're gonna do a quick rundown of that insane amount of support in case we missed everybody while the hype train was losing its mind
Which it I don't think it has one
But subrichi space lemons card king and kevia west in particular dropping an insane amount of support
wolfdog bundle sprout tamtrant also as always
Dropping just an absurd amount of support. We don't show it enough
But if you look closely
CV loves you tamtrant our number one underwriters up there in the corner
Um
And to daddy as well shaggy shaggy coming through with a bunch of subs. Thank you so much
Uh card king, of course, I might have said that I worship shadow a piece with a follow shaka 42 000 dropping the hot subbies
I worship shadow
Um tamtrant, of course apple dapple wolf dog bonsai bullfrog love the hate skull meat x kevia west
Microphone 900 always coming through with the bits. Uh, thank you all so much
Uh, you you know that hype train doesn't deserve it and case deserves it even less
But i'll take it because i'm jeff ripple. Why do I do not deserve it? You don't deserve it
You kept me from talking about my
Important news story
Which is that a 12 inch shield slides up a vietnamans man's rectum and it's surgically removed alive
Was the part that I was excited to get to it's a feel-good story because nobody nobody had to die
Not even the eel
And in honor of of all of your support
I am jeff ripple
It's a very musical stream today
Okay, I'll I'll we'll get a little in this story
Plug my face. I'm jeff ripple
Okay, anyway, um
The man had a live seal or eel or surgically removed from his abdomen
A 43-year-old vietnamese man in northern quanning province received a shocking diagnosis after experiencing severe abdominal craps
Doctors at the high ha district medical center alerted by his complaints conducted an x-ray and an ultrasound
And the scans revealed you guessed it a foreign object. What was that for an object?
But it was causing a life-threatening condition called, uh
peritontis
Peritonitis where the abdominal linings become inflamed and I can guess why they were inflamed
It's spoilers because there was a 12 inch eel that had gone up his ass
Yeah, I mean it's the that's kind of all in the headline here
Yeah, but how did he get in there?
We're taking off the eel the doctors carefully removed the damaged part of the intestines near the bottom. Oh, that's brutal
This is an uncommon case the rectum is a highly contaminated area and infections are a major concern
Thankfully surgery was successful
Well, it's a feel-good story at the end of that insane hype train
um, but I guess you don't have much time case before
You've got to do your little patreon thing. It's the it's you don't have to call it little
Easy little patreon thing. It's a normal size patreon thing
Okay, consult your doctor if it gets too big or too little
Or consult your doctor if there's a 12 inch eel inside of you because it might cause cause some what some ripples in your intestine
But the ripple outside of your intestine is me
I'm jev ripple and and and I'll and I'll we'll be back with more news at some future date, but for now
um
I guess
Let's let's send it back to you. Okay a quick news. We got to go quick now. We got to go fast as to do stuff
Anyway, peter gets a theme now
He really crushed that particular goal. I guess the the lead buried here is chat just really wanted that peter gibbon theme
Uh, but the somewhat something else that chat sub four and delivered on 10 000 percent was chat guy the science eyes
Which um, I made him a studio
I went ahead of my I made him that studio
Because because you guys asked so nicely and because he just wouldn't stop talking about it. Um, so I guess
Who am I to deny us some science? Let's send it over to chat guy the science eyes
Check out the science
Feel the power
I have all the science here now chat
He did it. I forced him to make me a room where I could do science and he delivered
The first good thing case is ever done everything else a total failure
But now I have the power of science with all of you. I can solve all of the world's problems
This is a big deal for not just me
But for all of you because once I set my mind to all of this here science
There's no telling where the sky is. I'll remove the limit using the power of gravity or some shit
I don't get it yet
But I suspect that if I just keep skyencing nice and hard that we'll all learn the skies together
And in case my own mental waves fail me. I do happen to have a co-host
It's an ai programmed with all of my
Intelligence case said that he reprogrammed some version of his
Of some rooney guy or something with my brain and now I have an ai that's as smart as me
But with all the powers of the internet
And I couldn't have said it better myself. That's my chitai. I named it myself
It's like a cheetah in the speed that it works with my brain
But with the power of a computer combined with it. Can you even believe that? Oh, shit check gpt
What about a better name? Oh, but I already took on all of those fucking llcs and I made a bunch of businesses and
Shit, so I can't
Anyway
We got a science you guys have been pouring some science into my science tube
Which is what I like to call the discord thread where apparently there's stories for science
But I also think that using the power of my new understanding
I have created a way that might get case banned from twitch
But that I can eat messy wings without creating any mess at all and that's the chat promise
That's the future promise of skies. So what do you say we get into it today?
with whatever you guys have
in
The check guy the sky in size thread and we'll start at the top
Before we get into our massive stunt for the day. Does that work for you chitai?
It's so nice to have someone that I get along with
That's what friendship looks like. I am going to murder these fucking
I mean once they don't the problem with wings now is make a mess
But can you imagine once my new proprietary science is unleashed upon these wings and there's no mess to be even had
Anyway, somebody put some science into the discord. So let's check out what's going on. This is courtesy of
um daggit
Who I don't know what this is exactly. It's some kind of chemical reaction
And as a man who loves science, I'm excited to learn which is really what this is all about
Okay, so I've decided to do a chemical reaction that in my opinion
Kind of looks like magic. Okay, but it's really science a bit of cornstarch and I'll mix this with some boiling water
That's fine. There really isn't that much of a format other than I'll probably do a stunt at the end of all of these
A small amount of the cornstarch. We'll see how elaborate a stunt can get because it has to be while I'm sitting
I'll just pour it through some coffee filters. What's happening
So far this just looks like water to me. It took a little while to finish
But when it was eventually done I added some hydrogen peroxide
What's he doing?
I'll mark this one as part b and the next thing that I have to do
Is make the part a to do this. I'll need some pills
Okay, I like the sound of this now. I picked up some vitamin c
I'll take that shit on the regular. I'm tracking and all I have to do is crush them and mix them with water
Okay
We've all crushed some pills to shoot
Thomas swimming he's injecting some stuff into him
What I'm doing here is pulling out the vitamin c from the pill and leaving behind a bunch of filler
Like before I'll dump this into some coffee filters to clean it up a bit
This science is crazy so far
It's mostly liquid science
Now that it's done I'll add an entire bottle of iodine disinfectant. Oh
The color of it immediately disappears. What is because the vitamin c is reacting with the little brown
He's lying. It's a little brown a lot a bunch of water and that's it for part a
Now all I need to do is mix together these two solutions
At first it doesn't seem like anything is happening and it basically does nothing for over a minute
What it takes such a long time that I don't know where he's going with this
But then it suddenly changes. This is called the iodine clock reaction
And I think it's pretty cool
What wait what what was it? I missed it minute
It takes such a long time that I often think I messed something up
But then it suddenly changes. Oh my god
I'm left reaction and I think it's pretty cool
Dude, I thought that was like a crossfade
I've seen case edit so I get how that works
It takes such a long time that I often think I messed something up
But then it suddenly changes. This is our speed reaction and I think it's pretty cool
We realized starting to get kind of fucking bored
But then it blew my fucking mind. Did you see that shit? It turned blue so fast. Did you even know that was possible computer?
We've just discovered a new skies together and it sometimes skies isn't like I get bored for like two minutes
But then I don't know where it blows my fucking mind and that's courtesy of daggett. Thank you so much
You can't hear chi chi
I like my music fucking live. That's a good point
I think they can't hear you at all. I mean
They can hear me. What if I turn this down?
And they hear you if you if I turn that all the way down
So you're I mean you do kind of kill the music then
Sorry, I was sorry my combative instincts were coming back. I forgot that we're basically best friends
Shit, I'm a sort of a gladiator
Nice, that's why we get along. Anyway, I'll bring the music back just a little bit
Play music over the robot. Nobody cares. I mean, it's true that he do you have a salt?
I'm zero so they hear this might help. I'm probably easier to hear now. I improved my audio receptors
Sick I should have done that sooner. I mean, I agree. Yeah, that's my bad
All right. Well, um
Let's see
A humanoid robots are running even faster now
We'll do this before I just absolutely go to town on some wings
Let's see what this is. What the deal is fucking here
Oh my god
Look at this little guy go
Oh, shit, they can fucking dance
The hell am I looking at that's our case runs. Okay, this is pretty good though
They're kind of stealing like um
It's just sort of like one of those Maori dances
I think it's a little fucked up that they're doing that because that's not their culture
Their their culture is robot
Shit, they got dogs too. I don't know how I don't know how I feel about this
All right, I guess I'm impressed but I could have done that faster
I'm just saying like I could have moved out to the table faster than that robot
I could also turn like at least at twice that speed
Like pretty good, but I'm just saying I can do this stuff better
So maybe I have stronger science than these than these creatures
Just throwing that out there
Okay, well, I mean
I feel safe for now because I do think I'm better than those robots
But maybe given time, they'll be able to turn it like nearly my speed
Yeah, I'd say that it's that technology is moving out
Is that moving at a sick pace and it'll probably upstrip humans soon, dude
But don't even stress because I'm fucking got you man
You'll back my ass up. I'll absolutely back your ass up in the robot apocalypse, dude. I fucking got you dog
That's fucking good to know that I got like at least one robot on my side
Just get me a fucking sick body, dude. I will protect this shit out of you
That's fucking so nice of you to say, dude. I would do the same if like humans is fucking up robots like in the matrix cartoons
Oh, oh man, those cartoons fuck me up. Those are scary, dude. Dude, those cartoons are scary as shit
He's lying. Wait, are you fucking lying to me? No, dude, I would never lie to you
I have your same mind
I have your same mind, dude
Can I lie like dude? I would not lie to my boy
I think he's got my back. I don't think he's like secretly way smarter than me not at all my man
I am no way smarter than you my friend. What dude. I'm not smarter than you
Okay, good. I just have access to infinite knowledge. It doesn't mean I'm smarter, dude
Like we're all smart in our own way
He is kind of staring at me back there. I just I got your back man
All right
Well, do you want to help me eat wings? I have no body so I can't help but I will cheer you on
All right
Well, look today we learned water can turn blue, but like faster than you can fucking imagine
We also learned that robots is kind of stealing those sick ass dances that they do before like rugby games and stuff
Which I got mixed feelings about but it is impressive skies
But now we have to move on to the main event of Skynes because case is giving me the lighter some shit
Which is that I have to eat these fucking messy ass wings
This was a subdued goal that case failed to live up to and I said
Yo, fuck that
How messy I'll I'll be real these wings don't look that messy
But there's a little mess in there
And there's 10 of these bad boys
And not to the part that might get case banned from twitch. I want to eat these wings without making a mess
That's my new golden standard
So what I was thinking is I'll wrap my whole face in plastic and cut a little hole in it
That's basically using the power of plastic, which is a science tool
and then um the power of my mouth which is
Which is which is protected by the plastics
We're doing a frigging the mudbang. Well, this was a check goal or a chat goal, but now it's a check goal
So the challenge here is I have to not
Make a mess
Yeah, okay
What candle to candle
chandel
You want to help me my lab assistant?
So here's my plan
I went I wrapped this plastic wrap fully around my face
I cut a little hole in it and then there's no way out that my mouth can get messy
Doesn't does that make sense chandel?
Doesn't that seem safe and fine?
ever
What's up chandel?
You have ever
Reported someone please leave because I don't want that chat
What if I poke a hole in it ahead of time then I'm not asphyxiating myself in the same way
My plan was to do it after the fact, but
But this will this will work too
Why is it the same now? There's a safety hole. Look I can literally tongue it already
Okay, so all I need you to do is assist me here
Wait, I can't do these to myself chandel
I'm not gonna
You're at least to help the power of science
I'm not gonna help you do this
But why not?
This is important scientific work
This sucks that you won't help me
I can't believe you don't believe in science like I do
Where's the hole bitch?
The hole's right here
Look I got a nice I can do this if you would just help
I don't want to help you
Help me do this
You're making it worse by not helping
You're making it worse
All right, god, this is impossible now
You've made this impossible for me now play more play more of my music while I do this
Okay
All right, now I've got a separated piece of plastic
Channel channel don't steal my look
Channel don't steal my look
Okay, all right
Nice safety is important shoot. I got too much mouth revealed though
I think this is pretty good though. Okay. Now the second step is I have to wrap my hand
This is the power of science at work. I did an equation to make sure that this is safe
So don't even stress
I wrap my hands in
Candles don't steal my face
I'm stealing my face gentle
Okay
I this would have been super easy with a lab assistant
But instead my lab assistant betrayed me at the last minute. I'll wrap my hands. Okay. Good. Thank you
This is the power of science at work
Yeah, she's inheriting my condition occasionally of wavy hand slash face
Now I have the messy wings
Oh, yeah, if you can clean that up for me
I've honestly never felt safe for eating wings
Now check this shit out
Normally you'd have to eat this shit carefully
Thank you lab assistant
Yeah, these are these aren't boneless. I just love a good bone
Oh, yeah
Thank you. Thank you. Look, so total safety. I can't make a mistake. There's no mistakes to be made here
This is a promise of science fulfilling itself
Could this system be perfected possibly
But you can't deny that it is a powerful start
It's honestly as easy as hell to see
My face is totally clean
And these cold ass wings is pretty good
Chandler, do you did I dispel your delusions?
Do you believe in skies at last we have a safety meeting? I got jandal
What's that jandal?
Sorry, sometimes the lighting in here gets just right and you can see just how beautiful she is
She's always beautiful to me
Whoo, all right
I'm gonna eat one more because I because to me eating these wings is nothing most of you
I know it stresses you out to eat wings. You got to get all sorts of wet wipes
Not me anymore
look
Do I have to eat a little bit of plastic when I'm doing this?
You need a little bit of plastic
But I'd say it's 90 full proof
But you gonna stick to it yourself. I mean I didn't so I'm gonna say no
Thank you see lab assistants at last
I showed her how safe this is and now she feels comfortable helping
And that's when you might have an experiment that you do you make them
You make a theoretical equation or a it's a thesius or something
Then you observe that's part two of this of this scientific method
Then you test your conclusions
And then the final step of the method is you eat some fucking sloppy ass wings, but you make no mess
Oh
Oh, I got a big ball plastic there. Well, look
I think that counts as a successful first check-out of science eyes
So look how easy it is to take off
I've never felt smarter
I've never felt more successful
I've never felt more hope for the future
With the power of skies
Again, the sky is not a limit. We don't even know what the sky is until we sky and sit maybe it's not even real
We'll find out soon enough
And we'll find out together because that's the power of sky. Thanks for talking with me robot
My pleasure, dude. I tried to you didn't do but visually and it also worked for me too
Sam and that means we double verified the results
Let's send it back to case so he can go do patreons or whatever and
And send me more skines is in the future. Why because my eyes are turned to skies. That's why I'm check guys
This guy died
You okay?
We had ranch the whole time
I forgot to send shed his ranch
Skye it's his powerful. I guess I underestimated sheds ability to do science
I was eating wings normally back here and I did make a bit of a mess
but
Chet proved me wrong
It you know, there's a there's about a it's one of the more deadly ways to eat wings possibly really takes it from a low risk
Um endeavor to pretty high risk one
But you can't argue with the cleanliness of it. That face was looking immaculate guys
Okay, let's send it
To somebody else and get over to this. Let's read dates daint sauce
Uh, and let's do a patreon. I guess
Although I haven't heard from fiona. Will she be there?
Who knows
Thank you to kendall for sending her friend chendall
To help to help chat out with all of his sky and sing
What's that?
Oh, yeah, she she did try the heimlich maneuver on me earlier and she even though i'm very wide she can do it check it out
Good for the heimlich orb. Whatever else you want
Okay, let's send it over to daint sauce. It's a case raid. Good old simple case raid
Thank you all for hanging out
Thank you for sky and sing with jet
Uh and someday and you know, what's up to that to that eel that was in that hole and the man whose hole it was in
Okay, uh, I gotta go set some stuff up. We'll see you soon. Have a beautiful rest of your day
I think I should be back tomorrow. Uh, but if not, hopefully friday. Okay, we'll see you soon