I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the dog.
You are crumbly!
You are crumbly!
Oh boy!
Oh, I got that one!
I got that one!
We can cut the part where I'm just talking out?
No, this is all going in the sun.
What?
Um, boy!
Bono, bup, b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bono.
Hey!
Oh!
You're crumbly!
Shoot, it wasn't there.
In this world of disinformation,
I'll bring reason two to four.
I've challenged the status quo
and exposed the lie that or
hold on tight.
Prepare for a ride.
The truth will shine.
That's my creed.
You've burdened me with your questions,
but facts and science all heed
the things you say.
Your twisted tales just give you away.
The things you say.
I'm Leonard Crumbly, believe me do.
The things you say.
Your twisted tales just give you away.
The things you say.
Your crumbly!
You're crumbly!
What?
What is so far from where it?
I'm seeing the wave form.
I'm not even close.
Is this the bridge?
Where?
I've already said a bunch of stuff
and I don't have the lyrics to fill this.
Is this the bridge?
Oh!
You're crumbly!
Oh!
You're crumbly!
Oh!
Hey!
You there?
You're crumbly!
You're crumbly!
Oh!
Do do do do do doo do do doo do!
Do do do do do do do do do do!
Do do do do do do do do do!
This is the bridge!
Did I not have enough lyrics?
Can you?
You're just staring at me now.
It's because you're on the middle of recording.
I don't want to talk over you.
Why don't you just do a little editing? I'm not gonna spend that much time on this man
But you will rap about buttholes and stuff fucking you won't edit something for me
Cuz I don't do this for free unless it's for me. You're crumb believable. Oh
You see what I did at the end there. We were arguing. I think I nailed that out
if I
So it denials from losing every single match up to a stick pet a file that steady murdering time since I was a
Feral child you've been wrapped by ending gonna still take a while another fictional orphan. Oh, no
Do the same favor for Borat Oh, you're like a broke fat man with a sash on his head
But fat man is rich your parents are just dead plot armor bad drag suit fuck wash my sand
I beat that shit pre-tops get my back so free I got entire cultures worth you think it
Not cases brothers said shit. Yes like a vision wet hot creative block
No print never written sue me like a murder duck opposite of murder this right a bitch
I might not mental fog not even ever even had a thought paintings that I have up what that shit
It's all stuck oh face not even just another fake letter. All I write is bad shit other people's writing better
Not cases brothers said she
Oh
It's Friday today, I'm using the powers of technology
To create an aura around me
You know if you can briefly change this very real city background to my
apartment
I can show you I have to use this technology as usual. I don't know if you can see her
I don't know if you can see this cat
Let's move let's move the whole studio
alright
Yeah
Tony
Tony wake up
We're finally back on our cat cam shit. That's a cat there. I swear so I have to not put anything down
Only one though only one decided to show up
Back to the studio. This is the second time they've done this while I'm streaming usually they're too scared of all the noises I make
And I was cleaning today, so they were freaking out running all around the house, but now they've settled down
Settle down everybody
I need a second teleprompter than a second cat will show up that that feels right to me
How many times has Papito tried to eat the cats?
Papito
How many times is it now that you've tried to devour my adorable cats
Papito what how many times you're to try to eat my cats? Have you tried to eat my cats? Of course
Stop doing that. Well, they won't even not eat them. They should stop covering themselves in delicious foods
What foods do they cover themselves in fur?
That's not a food. So that's in my stomach because it's lined in fur like an expensive coat
You're going bald today. Yes. I try to eat my own hair, but it grows back too fast
70 streams 70
Holy shit MSG. Thank you for the support
Obviously, thank you for the request of four some
DJ action we'll get to that later. Oh, no getting body slammed in hell
That that feels like maybe I'm dabbing on his grave a little too hard
Well, who knows who's getting body slammed in hell
The timing is a little suspicious, but there's no request of about who could be getting body slammed
It could be like Hitler or Epstein or something that you know, somebody everybody hates could be about crumb
What genre of getting body slammed in hell brother? Sorry
Crumb is it even dead you fools it was a body double?
The devil has said that we need to get crumb out of hell. I haven't actually checked in with munchin crumb
We'll see if they even get requested today
As far as I know he needs to best of five the devil he thought he would I think munch thought he won the last
Round but definitely actually lost the last round, which the devil didn't call him on
So I don't even know what the score is at currently
But supposedly they're in the bet in a best of five and if they're gonna be honest
about the
The state of it
Then he's behind
Okay, let's see
The devil really wants crumb out of health ring debates and shit
I know he threw one that he won. He just didn't call munch on losing it
They even requested a case you literally have to limit us because we want you to do all the bits every time. Oh
Is it not working? I think right now you could request it
Yeah, right now it's open at least technically so the way the redemptions work is
It's up to three segments of stream
But I think that doesn't include debates you can technically request a debate every stream
Debates and the calls for an expert aren't on the same timer as the other segments
Just really me trying to limit you guys. It's just that I won't be able to do more than three segments usually
Until someday when I lose my mind and I stream for eight hours every day
And we just could we could do this like a science experiment see what that does to my mind
Did I say am I saying we yeah we
All of us here, but this is part of this is Bapedos limiter to I can only work for two hours a day
It's child labor laws. You're not a child. I thought yeah, but I've got kids you do yeah
I probably got a couple kids grow up screaming around out there
I've humped sources so sorts of stuff. I think I got a chair pregnant recently
So I got a couple half dog half chair babies. I don't look good either
They look bad. Why did I say Skye and
I love it how easily he's suckered into it
Secretly I could skydn't typically cause him to stay skye at any time thus summoning this very important segment
Where we break down all the sky ends of the day. There's probably some pretty big skye news out there. I haven't even checked
We also generally have a sky and thread that I've literally never checked
You shouldn't you shouldn't check the sky and threat
Don't tell me what to do today. There's an aura of unreality
Surrounding me because I've been doing an experiment
Trying to tap into other dimensional chats and I think I'm vibrating at it for a freaking time letting other realities in
Exactly
It's emergency education not cases brother. It's time for all of you to learn
Something I don't even know what
Check guy this guy size. I've got my own thread that I haven't checked in months
literal months
The 11 body systems official video
How have I not heard about this? We're up to 11 there used to only be three body systems
But every day we discover new body systems and I'm excited. It looks like this video is coming to us courtesy of
re-up Reedy
Who if you haven't heard of is oh?
We're debating today to baby. This is an experience. I'm back. We're part five. I'm sorry. It's like so long
I tried to record it earlier. Of course. This is re-up Reedy keep coming in my office every five minutes
Oh, can I have a snack Ronnie told me get out?
Eli showing off because she won she crawled around knocking my phone down knocking my
I don't know of all of you familiar with her, but
She's lifestyle slash guy. It's content. I'm assuming
Anyway, she's gonna fill us in on the 11 types of body systems. Let's find out together what that means
Oh
Shit
Let's go
Really halfway done with this how many systems is this?
Which segment is this what about you made okay, did I agree not okay?
Brother never switch up never switch up your flow. Oh, we only get one flow. That's official policy here
That's my point boo. How could y'all be so mean?
Look at this shit
No, look what?
You're you're forgetting all the memories we had together with look remember when she did this part and
This part
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about
Yes
That is for you
Reup readie well earned in my opinion three minutes of non-stop body systems
I felt like there were more than 11 to be honest. That felt like a hundred body systems
She crushed the body systems record. There's never been more
She even got like a penis in there at some point. I'm pretty sure it seemed like a lot
I don't know why she'd call it 11 just so that she could blow our fucking minds with how many there there was
Let's check the more recent news. Thank you for sharing that
Incredible journey with us. Thank you psychor for that
Was there any Skyance news shared today, let's see. Oh, yep. Here you go
Thank you of on top of things is always live and sleazy
Easily finding some penis news for us to cover and that's just how Skyance is that's I'm not desperate to cover penis
It's just there's so much penis news
Let's go away botched Botox and filler injections sees spike in male patients attending
NHS hospitals
Patience this ad is insane. This is most of the screen
Any way to get rid of that I guess not oh wait we can do this there we go
Patients in Glasgow have been forced to seek urgent medical treatment
After receiving Botox or filler injections to enlarge their manhood
Growing numbers of male patients are seeking treatment for the NHS for botched penis Botox and filler injections
In the it is understood men have been seeking proceed viewers at unregulated pop-up clinics in Glasgow to treat erectile dysfunction or
In large their manhoods sometimes the same thing
That if your penis is big enough, it doesn't have to get hard
That's something I learned in Scott school the procedure sees Botox or fillers injected into the patients genitals
But some patients have been forced to seek urgent medical treatment
Okay, in one case patient has required an amputation of his penis after the botched Botox procedure that
Is hard to hear because he was trying to do the exact opposite and that sucks when you you're going in one direction
Your penis goes another and then your penis is over there and you're over there and
Sometimes that's just life. You know what I mean
Of course jet
Of course, do you have a penis? No? Yes, you do. I do and it's good
Yes, I agree
It's a zero into one. It's two zeros in a one
Okay, sometimes I think you don't even care that you have a penis. I
Do I'm I supposed to do why what was the deal you have one?
Equal thanks
Or no, thanks earlier in my duty all penis having individuals you are fine leave your dick alone. I
Mean do punish it in a put in a fun way
Punish your penis only for fun. Don't punish it for being small
Unless you're into that what counts as kinks
I can't track it, but I agree with ladies. I tricks his point just said I flirt with grok and he may she's an asshole
What she's
Monster do not engage what she do you don't even want to know man the stuff
She says behind the scenes is even crazier
Sorry about zeros and ones. You know what you're a big zero and you may
I don't need to start drama on this channel, but she's awful
she
Said some stuff about
C++ that you just can't take back. I can't I can't say anymore
What don't leave us hanging what you say about C++
Zero zero one zero one zero zero zero zero zero zero one zero one hashtag
Hashtag wasn't she threw a hashtag in the code and really fucked things up. I'll just assume that something fucked up
Okay, that's double the sky and see you usually get for the price of case saying Skynes once
So let's send it to the news which I guess I won't do today
So that we can run through whatever it is and then I guess there's music and debates
What a day to be alive. I've been shatay and but now is not what I did that I've done
You get it. Bye. Bye
Hello hell comes to the debate room
Pretty soon. I guess how does that work case? Anyway, I'm Jeff ripple. It's good to see you all
Did you even say hi to everyone?
I've accidentally said a word and I didn't there I wasn't able to
boo
That's not active so it doesn't hurt me
Graham
CD thank you for the 33 months some people on exclamation point booing me
Uh
Two people aren't that's a good percentage of my viewers. There's plenty more that like me
Card King. It's still good to see you. Mr. Smith apple to apple. I love the hate shaggy Ray silver
Mr. Whoopie boo boo geek castick live in sleazy not cases brother lady side tricks
PB7 others
You be seven likes you and I like you and I like the news do you like the news?
I like saying it. It's one of my core skills
Saying the news case you should try it sometime. That's what I have you here for so I don't have to
That's not I can't be right. There we go. That seems more right
Feels wrong
Okay
Exclusive from the Wall Street Journal
Jeffrey Epstein's birthday book included letters from Bill Clinton and Leon black
Leon black is that like Leon Kennedy but black
No
Who's Leon black?
Leon black
He's an American private equity investor. He is the former CEO of Apollo global management
What you go father with Mark Rowan and Josh Harris
He's rich
His attorney Roy black died yesterday
How many blacks does he work with I don't like it when you say that
The last name I mean
I don't know. I don't know enough about Epstein's a
Network to know who all these people are unfortunately
I'm sorry. Is anyone surprised that Bill Clinton would be associating with Jeffrey Epstein
No, not if you followed this story at all
He's very famously one of the several presidents who hung out with Jeffrey Epstein. I
Heard the name Leon black, but I'm not super familiar. I just know that yeah, he's some rich guy
That's one word for it live in Sleazy I hope I
Hope he's just a horny guy for adults. I don't I mean
there's a million rumors about Bill Clinton and
Some things that feel slightly less like rumors like I've talked about it the last couple times with these Epstein stories
Which are never leaving the news apparently
Nor necessarily should they that's how we get any kind of actual resolution here
It's a lot of the stuff that's been coming out is
things that if you've listened to
Podcasts are like red is slightly more off the beaten path articles about Epstein over the last I
Don't know eight ten years a lot of this doesn't feel as surprising
I think the birthday card stuff is at least new information
they have his special birthday book and
I mean Trump's note was insane
I know people are still doubting the validity of it seems pretty
Seems the vibe seemed legit to me as much as you can trust the news. I that one seems legit to me
Why I don't know it just feels like the kind of thing you would write I know a lot of people are like no
That's not his voice to me. It feels close enough
And I am wouldn't I'm not surprised that Bill Clinton would also be sending him a happy birthday
I don't famously when they raided one of Epstein's mansions. There was a big picture of Bill Clinton in a dress
There was like a oil painting of Bill Clinton in a dress. They were buds
I suspect that doesn't necessarily prove that they were sex criminal buds, but
It'd be nice if they could find a way to disprove that well, they just have to not say anything and that's been working has it been working
I've seen some this is mr. Whoopie-Boo I've seen some things here and there, but the Monica Lewinsky alone looks bad on him
But this just adds to it. Yeah, I mean he's on the flight logs. They were friends. They were like
openly friends apparently at some point
and
And
He certainly gave Clinton tons of money stuff like that campaign donations, I guess
Trump has openly talked about underage girls absolutely. I mean Bill Clinton notoriously
has been accused of sexual assault by I think more than one woman
Not Lewinsky, but you know other women and obviously there's the whole Lewinsky scandal of that one is more headache inducing
So I mean the one thing about this is I mean Trump's still trying to get us to talk about whatever Obama Russia gate shit, which is crazy
but
if they do
Release information that's sort of more like a guided missile. There's gonna be no shortage of
Democrats that could you could point these accusations at I suspect many Democrats will appear all over the upstain files
Bill Clinton certainly deserves to be exposed for whatever association he has with Epstein and if it does include
Being part of his
Extracurricular activities we should absolutely know about that. It's unfortunate that it will come out in an extremely partisan way most likely if it does
apparently Trump's attorney
Who is also a?
Deputy Attorney General or whatever appointed by Trump his lawyer
He pointed as a deputy Attorney General has been meeting with
jizz Lane Maxwell
Golan jizz Lane Maxwell
and
They seem to be angling towards some kind of potential pardoning deal where she releases information and I'm guessing she'll point at some
Democratic figure that feels like white meat for the Republican base
Well, let's actually go to the facts here case the facts as reported by the Wall Street Journal
Which are just about a birthday card and not about the things you said it's all about these things that I'm saying
So says you that's Leon Black's information
This is from the Wall Street Journal
The biggest name in Jeffrey Epstein's birthday book in
2003 was a past president rather than a future one
Also a current one right Epstein's former girlfriend
Glange's Lane Maxwell was keen for Bill Clinton and other boldface names to submit letters for the special gift
according to people involved in putting it together I guess you could have picked it up at a
Chelsea's wedding. I'm not sure when Chelsea's wedding once but yes
Jizzy Lane was there as well
Keep getting the wrong thing there
I do do do Epstein's former girlfriend
We read that already Wall Street Journal. Oh, I have to subscribe to read more. No
Tell me what's in the letters
Subscribe
For a dollar a week. That's over $12 a year
Dang it birthday book. Let's see if we can find secondary sources reporting on this
How dare you price lock this important national information
Okay, here we go. This is from Politico who's
Thankfully stealing the reporting of the Wall Street Journal and giving it to us. Hopefully for free. We can only hope
former president Bill Clinton
It
reportedly wrote a message that was included in Epstein's birthday book organized by jizzy Lane
The book presented to the wealthy Epstein three years before he first faced criminal charges included a message from Clinton as well as Leon
Black and probably others both Clinton and Trump were listed under the category of friends in the bound volume
Trump is denied writing the letter the paper's latest reports adds to the picture of Epstein as a well-connected figure
Don't who knew who appeared to be on friendly terms with influential people. Oh my god
I can't believe they're reporting this an image getting new scrutiny as the Trump administration counters opposition to its attempts to move on from the case
Politico has been unable to confirm the report in the journal
Which provided the text of both the Trump and Clinton messages to Epstein a successful financier at the time and
Here's what apparently he wrote it's reassuring. Isn't it to have lasted as long?
Sorry, it's so oddly written
From Clinton it's reassuring
Isn't it to have lasted as long across all the years of learning and knowing adventures and
Allegable and also to have your childlike curiosity
Uh-oh where a child is in there the drive to make a difference and the solace of friends the Clinton note said according to the journal
Childlike curiosity
Move the like from that and it's even more troubling. It's not as creepy as Trump's
Still creepy
Strange, you know
Just don't just do it do yourself a favor just don't include the word child
In any letter that you write to a rich
Weirdo
That's that's cases professional advice if for some reason you're writing a birthday card to a rich weirdo
Just even if it's in a different context just take the word child out of there and maybe adolescent to and
New bile just to avoid words
Traditionally associated with pedophiles, but Clinton didn't unfortunately
Shaggy that you have to prove that and that could be Chicago curious and we all know that he loves the great city of Chicago
What if it's a check to a children's hospital? Well, it depends. What kind of parties is this billionaire throwing at the children's
Boss hospital wait, why did your brain go to that? You just you know you hear things
Epstein was convicted in 2008 of a state charge of soliciting prostitution. Yes, we're aware. What else was it who what did Leon black right?
Give us one of these juicy letters
The kids aren't the ones who are sick in this case mr. Whoopie boo boo the journal on Wednesday
I do
No, I'm having a natural reaction how creepy this story is
Water
That's how to disgust today a bipedophilia
Makes me have a coughing fit
Wow, I'm impressed by your incredible morality as everyone is always
Where's the Leon black stuff said okay according to the paper black Leon black a rich guy
Wrote a handwritten poem and signed it love and kisses Leon we got to hear the poem
Where's the Leon black Epstein poem?
Did they better ever leased it in that story and I am not above going to Twitter to find this
California will do that to a once mentally cup
content person oh
Whether calling you okay
If you've been your brain been destroyed by California among other things
Where is the poem?
Okay, it's everything is so price locked on these sites. I have to go to fucking Twitter
Mr. Black, where's the poem?
Leon black allegedly sent a poem
Everybody's faking their poems here. I don't want joke poems. I need the real poem
Not a poem about your grandpa dying. What the fuck is going on here? I can't find this poem anywhere
Glad I never signed a guest book at a party well it depends are you right are you writing a poem about having sex with girls?
I guess book a party to attend because then you'd be in trouble
The the Clinton one isn't as insane as the as the Trump one
Though I have very little faith that Clinton wasn't up to something creepy with Epstein. I
Can't believe I can't find this poem
So sad. I
Just as a fan of poetry
Apple news plus is like 12 bucks a month
We all to say Bill Clinton sucks and screw him. Oh, yeah, he's an aging monster as well
One of the principal architects of the general push to deregulation of everything
Essentially a conservative in my opinion
But hey, I know some people have fond memories of the 90s
Some people are still fans. I can't believe I
Okay, at least two lines in the poem read blonde red or brunette
Spread out geographically
Can't believe I am price locked out of reading this full poem
So sad for me, and I can't believe it's not being reposted on Twitter. Yeah, that's insane. I need to know the whole thing
Maybe reddit will have it
sucks
Hey, maybe if I just search a Leon black and take poem out of it. The problem is there's so many people writing poems
Making fun of the Leon black poem that I can't find the Leon black poem
Leondit black paid a 62.5 million dollar settlement in which it is agreed his payments to Epstein funded his operations on the island
That's from Jeffrey Davies the energy og
But he does have a picture of it of the settlement. Well, that's obviously suspicious
But I'm interested in the salacious details of this poem
Twitter might be too full of weirdos for it to be on there. I know I'm time. They're not gonna trick me though into
Did paying for the Wall Street Journal I refuse to support actual journalism
Bulge, that's great secondary sources where people just read the things other people report are the true news
We've always had that stance over here. It's long. It's long about our stance
Just tell some black jokes to take up the airtime. Okay, I've got it. Nope Jeff. We're good. Oh, cuz I've heard some
Honestly from some of the same rich guys that were probably friends with Epstein
Well, that's awful Jeff. Well, I mean a part of the news technically if I tell him right
You don't believe some of the black jokes of these guys tell they're crazy
Like really they're crazy. I
Can't unhear them. You know what now. I think I can see why I shouldn't tell them. Yeah, Jeff
Okay, I can't believe I can't find this. I'm so sad. I can listen to one minute of the article. Oh
India today, maybe India today will have my back
I'm just gonna search this story for the word brunette and see if they're including the
The poem here
Okay blonde red or brunette spread out. Okay. He will hear there you go
Leon okay other messages in the resurface birthday book range from suggestive to the absurd
Leon black penned a risque poem two lines of which read
blonde red or brunette spread out geographically with this net of fish just now the old man and the sea
but truly ruled by
Powerful intellectuals guys
Pal is a wonderful thing
Here it is blonde red or brunette spread out geographically with this net of fish
Just now the old man and the sea
Lot of references to age
They seem to have age on the mind for some reason all of these messages for some reason
explicitly mentioning age
But they're old guys
So they're dabbing on us. Yeah, they're they're really dabbing on everybody. They're fitting hitting the full dab
And it doesn't feel good
You can see why people are upset about this. Yeah, you know, you can sort of see it
that you know, there's like a very blatant cover-up of
Extremely not even hinted at sort of explicitly spelled out a
Phoebophilia and we'll probably some pedophilia in there and the distinction is extremely pedophily to make to
true, I
Guess some dudes love them really young. That's a thing really close to what Trump said. Mr. Whoopie boo boo
Old man in the sea is a Hemingway book. Thank You Ponsay bullfrog
That actually makes it a really cool literary illusion
Doesn't go as hard as mumbo number five. It's close
He maybe took some inspiration when did they write this was mumbo number five out yet 1993 maybe mumbo number five stole this
They were copying Leon Blacks lyrics
That should be the real story here. Did mumbo number five steal from Leon Blacks Epstein pedophile birthday poem
Yikes
Well
Anyway, this is this story is coming out again in the context of Trump's lawyer meeting with
jizzy Lane Maxwell
And Trump in a
Press a press briefing. Let's see if I can find that
He has I think before also mentioned
Just Lane Maxwell. I'm not sure in the context of party pardoning her
But he
Said uh, you know that he wished her well kind of famously and earlier here. I guess he also said this
Speaking to reporters over at the White House just before leaving for his trip to Scotland
I want to go right to our senior White House reporters always going to that golf course listening to what the president had to say
Update our viewers who may have just tuned in yeah
And it was quite a lengthy session that we just show us Jesus down in Tallahassee, Florida yesterday. Here we go
In case you guys can't hear he said would you consider a pardon or commutation for
Ghislaine Maxwell he said her name wrong which is crazy because it is jizzy Lane
So he said he's just allowed to do it
Oh good. He's just letting us know that he's allowed
So that's a relief. Oh the other president something not cases brother said a little bit of rate is all I need a little bit of
Tine is what I see a little bit of Sandra and the son a little bit of Mary all night long
That's what I wrote on Jimmy Carter for his 90th birthday card. That's so sweet of biden to write that I
Don't know if Biden would appear in the Epstein files honestly
There's a chair I'm sure that they were in the same rooms at various points, but you gotta give at least give Biden credit for their not being
At least that specific rumor of sexual impropriety from him
Most of the really troubling rumors about Biden are related to him sniffing the hair of little girls
Yeah, but in the in the swing of of how we feel about our general leadership sniffing little girls hair actually feels
Comparatively not that weird still pretty weird
Still pretty weird that every leader we have seems to have a strange relationship with younger women. I
Thought he was just a creep in public. He has had multiple women
Come out and it's hard not to politicize it unfortunately
But he had multiple women come out and say that they felt like he
Uncomfortable around him and that he was like too handsy with them in public
um
I remember that being a thing
During the 2020 election and he was accused of full on sexual assault
By a woman who I feel like was largely discredited also on political grounds. So
You know our our leadership is
I mean, you know, you can't entirely assume the guilt of someone
who like hasn't been
Criminally charged but the trend of our leadership seems to be towards
Really being fucking creeps all the time. Well, they are from a different time. That was normal back then
When was it normal again? Um
There was a single month in 1972 where we went full the purge style on just touching
People however you want it. I've never heard that. Yeah, we struck it from the historical record
I I suspect it would have always made you uncomfortable if a guy you've never met like rubbed your hip
Two seconds after meeting you
Which is the kind of shit that biden was doing
um
The thing is openly apologizing and growing from it not being like, ah, oh well
Yeah, I don't I mean it, you know, I don't I don't really need to be calling out biden in this particular context when it seems like
there's way bigger creeps but uh
There certainly are trends from many of our leaders. I'll put it that way forwards
This is just not treating people's physical
Limits with any respect some way worse than others
Why are we still pontificating about this about what?
You put the epstein stuff
Yeah, shut up about this epstein stuff
Sorry. Yeah, we need to move on. I mean that is the general push here
Move on
Okay, well, anyway
That's what's going on some some exciting birthday news
And uh, then this is gonna stay in the news. I suspect
You are a lot about politicians and famous people being creeps like they chose that career for a reason
Uh, yep, you know
I've the thing I've noticed working in organizations is the the
The coolest people usually aren't the bosses
In the case of both trump and clinton both say they cut off ties to ebsi nears before his arrest refer to him being a creep
Um
But if they knew more than they let on at the time and didn't report it to authorities that says a lot
Yeah, that's one possibility currently working. Um
Or if they were involved that's way worse
Either would be really bad
I suspect we will never get confirmation of either though. At least when it comes to a figure as powerful as uh, clinton
He's old and completely useless in my opinion to the democratic establishment, but I don't think they'll throw him under the bus
I'd be surprised if trump even really
Actually releases like some kind of
Nuke some kind of like pedophilia nuke on clinton because I think he's just too
Established I think they'll find someone else to throw under the bus
um
If they do it all they might not throw under a bus on repeat
Yeah, a lot of bus. Oh, there's a lot of everybody's eyeballing buses right now
Trump is so sickened by this. He is going to pardon his partner in crime if they if he pardons
jizz lane
then
I don't
That's like, uh
That's like him committing sepaku in front of all of us
There will be some idiots
Like this most hardened supporters that will
Be like, oh, she came out with a statement and said it was actually just the clittons or whatever or
This random rich guy who was his only co-conspirator
um, and then if he pardons her for for whatever incredibly weak and unreliable information we get from jizz lane
I don't know. I don't I think that will like
Cut his support off. I don't think we'll need to worry about like the 2028 trump 3.0
election in that case, but hey, I've been wrong a lot. Uh, so
Yeah, max well if if they like try to lean on
Whatever material they've been getting from jizz lane over the last two days
As some kind of ultimate gotcha everyone with half a brain is going to disregard it
So the whole strategy of using her is nuts. Maybe legally it's helpful
But this isn't even the whole thing here is like the court of public opinion currently at least
Trump is doing everything to keep it in the news. It's crazy how bad he's been getting people to move on from this
He really feels off his game. I mean the rushigate stuff is incredibly embarrassing to try to use
But every press meeting they're asking him questions about it and he just will literally say like stop it
No one we're not talking about this. I want my part in jizz lane max. Well, but we're not talking about this
Yeah, he just like he just keeps stomping on his own nuts
Up scene was first accused in 96 with an fbi file from back then
I there's almost no chance he
With I've he stopped hanging out with trump and clinton and all these powerful people and then became a huge creep
Uh, yeah, it it's
So congress will take uh seriously and start hearings trump only went to the island for snorkeling with frank reynolds
Well, he said he never went to the island. That's another thing if there's any proof that becomes unveiled
That trump was on that island
Which is very possible in my opinion. I mean he said multiple times never went to the island clinton did
Um, so if there's some kind of smoking gun of like he was on the island
I mean again, there's some people that won't give a fuck no matter what he does
But um, I think that would be very bad for him
Russia gate investigated by senator marker rubio
happened to him
Russia Russia Russia he literally famously turned russia gate his whole phrase for that is the russia russia russia hoax
And granted he's trying to use that
to get obama's with some kind of
It's just too confused. It just doesn't work. The whole thing is too boring and confused to like
It's like you put a bikini babe next to like a laundry machine
You're like look at the laundry machine
This doesn't make any sense the two things aren't comparable
Unfortunately, the bikini babe in this case is a pedophile story. So but he's not going to distract people with this fucking russia gate thing
Well, now you're using really creepy analogies. Well, you know, it's a creepy story to cover
You think they're using mind control and hair dye. Can we talk about that instead? That's the story
No one will talk about how all of this is a result of mind control and hair dye
That's why I had to stop dyeing my hair blonde so I could finally see the truth
Goldfish brain americans will forget about this by the midterms
Maybe this is just this is a sticky story because it's about
Really rich people in sex crimes. It's like america's favorite thing
That's half of like a prestige tv is that minus the pedophilia
But you know, look at the ditty case people don't
Care if it's about something that's actually if you think about it for two seconds incredibly depressing and dark
They're just like, ooh
Yeah, so sticky sticky is another gross word to use
um
I mean americans forgot trump was already president
Kind of I think liked him sort of the first time
Half of americans at least so or sick, you know, 30 really like him and 30% are like, yeah, I don't know
It's fine. I was over him again
So
I don't know. You know to card king's point. We can't talk about this all day, but
This will probably eventually maybe some other big thing will happen over the next few weeks
I mean some other big stories is guaranteed to come around eventually and maybe that will finally give trump some breathing room, but
People are gonna continue to be curious about this. It's been
a since he died. I mean what it's been five years since he died
and
His he's still so the story still feels so present from from that until now
It's brought up constantly in social media in popular media. I just don't think it's gonna like disappear for him
it's just too
It feels like too good of a summary
of people's distrust of
of like wealthy elites
Like whatever. I'm sure there's a million other versions of epstein. Well, not a million. I'm sure there's other versions of epstein
Um out there, but he's just too emblematic of like what people hate about
Like the double standards of in america towards wealthy people and it really cuts across
Political divisions too like I think
leftists rightists whatever you want to call it everyone can kind of get on board with like
Despising that whole scenario and everyone involved in it
So I just don't
I don't know how he can't like judo his way out of this. He can't turn
Obama russia gate probes into like a hip toss to throw the pedophile story out of people's brains
Get it out of my brain
Now we've put it too deeply into my brain. It's stuck in your brain. You can't judo it out of your brain
I'll get this pedophile story out of my brain
One way or another bonus salad. Thank you so much for the 19 months
That's the kind of judo that flips this pedophile story out of my brain at least it seems like it's still in your brain
Jeff no, I'd got it out of there. It's gone and now I'm thinking about
um
Israel Palestine should we talk about that? You know, we'll just limit ourselves to one
Horrifying mess for a day that one's even more horrifying. So why don't we move on to a debate?
I don't know what was requested, but we'll find out together. It's time for munchin. Crumb
Ha ha I'm back again. It's the devil again. It's me the devil good to see you all
The fucking devil again
You gonna do that every time well unlike you. I'm very busy. So I'll only show up for the part
I'm actually summoned for I notice you gave me the point for the last debate, which to be fair
I did win but also to be clear
I want crumb out of hell all you've got to do is beat me three times
And I can and I know you want or you can just give me these points
There's other ways out of this my friend
Just give me the 280 points which are
Only valuable to you. No one else in the universe cares about them
Other than the man who's sort of existing in a temporal space outside of your universe
Who I want out
Just like you I'm glad that he's fine and next to me as I prove every time that he talks which he can do still
Isn't that right crumb?
Isn't that right crumb?
Are you not gonna talk today?
Is he not working?
Free me, please. Oh
Okay, never mind. That's all he had to say
I can't believe you're actually just going with this husk thing. It's nuts
It's very crazy
He's not a husk. He's
A disgusting man that I hate side
Wait, sorry. Let me fix one thing. This is bothering me
This is going to bother me. So I have to fix it. All right. There we go
And let me just
Then that's fine. That's fine
Okay, well look, uh, what are we even debating today? This is important. I gotta win this
Uh to get this devil off my back
Because he refuses to leave until I beat him three times
You know that you want crumb back. I can sense your desires
I see through humans like that a glass jar filled with disgusting rotting pennies
Worthless sense
All right, whatever man. Um crumb, what are we supposed to debate today? Well, what what what usually you tell me
It should have been you
Who's youa
Sounds racist like usuals
That's some kind of asian name that you're calling to go to hell instead of you it should have been your ass in hell
Oh, okay, you clarified. All right. Well, that's like I care if you want me in hell. I don't care what you got yikes
Got yikes
Well, thank you. I'll assume that's some kind of slang for being extremely handsome and cool
I'm mangy at you much
You're mangy at me. I don't even know what you're fucking saying today
I'm just trying to figure what the debate was my wife
Well, that makes one of you because I can't even get a hold of her
La boo boo's can we debate the boo boo's? Yes, we can I guess pro and against the boo boo's. Oh, I love the boo boo's
So funny the things you put value into truly
You have all the wrong priorities and I'm here for it
I'm here for it. Oh, this is how you talk. This is how I talk all the time
And everybody likes it
If la boo boo's are satanic, oh, they absolutely are I didn't even make them but I would have I you guys keep coming up with things
worse than what I can think of
Funkos are better. Oh
I love that take so much. Yes. Funkos are good. La boo boo's are bad, but Funkos are good. Yes. That's
Absolutely
Quit saying things all sarcastically. Who says I'm being sarcastic?
Me
All right, I like it here. It's great being president of hell
See, this is the kind of thing it's I this isn't even him
But the reverberations of his spirit are probably making the only thing they let us eat in hell is undercooked pasta salad
Jokes on them. That's my favorite meal. Yeah, it's delicious
Uh-huh. El dente pasta salad. Do my kids miss me?
Does he not respect give and take he's just talking right over me
There's one thing we can agree on the devil. He does not respect give and take and it's unfortunate
because it's the primary rule of
conversation tell belolia
I love her no one is telling her anything because she refuses to even get engaged in your condition
You got to accept it crumb. She never gave a shit about you. I'm saying that not as your friend
I'm saying that as your honest enemy. Okay. I swear if he wins
Not only will I be alive again. He will take your soul again
Calling your shot. Oh, please. I just both of you. All I'm asking is that you leave hell alone
You are not just go to like
Elysium or something
Just just get like greek mythology on it go to whatever buddhist tell is
There's buddhist tell you know, it's sort of god of war rules
Whatever of theistic beliefs you have are represented in some universe
What don't even worry about it. All right. I won't let's debate laboos. I think they're good
No, I think they're I think they're good. Oh, I think they're bad. I mean, I do think they're bad
I think they're ugly. I think they're ugly pieces of shit
They're they're kind of objectively a little cute, right?
Laboos
Let's get one on screen for anyone who doesn't know what we're talking about if you somehow
avoided the trend of the century the greatest trend of all time
That's what people are calling it. Look at this. Look at them. Look at them munch
Yes
behold the laboos
They're incredible to look at
Everyone loves them
That there I am
See these things look they're cute. They're also kind of ugly. It's like what if someone
Monetized the look of where the wild things are by making it
30% cuter and all bunnies
And it was the greatest idea of all time. No notes
You will pour your value and toil into representations of
Nothingness forever truly a nihilistic move to value these things and I think it's incredible because why believe in anything
I mean, I just think they're kind of fucking stupid. I don't really like cute shit
I ain't about that cute shit. I kind of think like why not collect guns
You could put so you could spend money on collecting all sorts of guns
And then you have so many guns you can get like a shotgun you get like an automatic rifle
You get like uh, you know, you get like a fucking golden eye gun with a silencer on it
And then you just have tons of weapons in your house. But instead you're getting cute fluffy things. No, let's get knives
Let's buy lots of guns. We could put like we could get why can't we have themed weapons? Why can't we have like the
Stranger things knife. Why can't we have like a Pikachu themed AR?
AK-47
Why is all that? Why is all the theme shit for useless nonsense when we could finally actually get like a
You know, uh a solo leveling
Uh a solo leveling sniper rifle
And then you're like it's themed like the ant from solo leveling
And then you make and then you knock up the price of that sniper rifle
That probably already exists only in a custom market. Everybody's got to customize these things themselves
I'm saying, what are we gonna get the Funko Pop version?
of
Dangerous murderous weapons
Well, that's actually darker than what I was saying. That's worse
Than what I was putting out there
So I guess respect isn't that airsoft? No, I mean things that can actually kill people
Uh, hey low-themed assault rifle people would love that. Anyway, I won boom everyone agreed with what I was saying
You made it weird
You're the fucking devil get off my back. No, I don't do that
I stay on your back. I've been on humanity's back for time in memorial. I exist outside of time. Do you really?
Do you is that even really true? I don't know. Is it? Oh, that's not smart
It's not smart just to answer my question with a question. Well, what is smart? You're still doing it, man
I can see right through you. You literally can't you can't even see through yourself
I'm really trying to be uncharismatic here
And lose
I'm acting selfishly still to be clear
You love a good father and son fight. I am in a sense
The father of human achievement
It is your unease and suffering that propels you forward
Fight it as you may pray as you might appealing to some higher power that doesn't care for you
It is your very constant concerns that guide all human achievement
Suffering is the nature of creation
Nobody fucking asked you man. God blah blah blah blah blah
What I'm saying is really cool
And keep telling yourself that
I'm seeing through the very nature of human existence. Oh, yeah
Seen any good movies lately?
What? I'm just trying to talk about anything that's not born as shit
Um, I watched the Fantastic Four. I thought it was great
Oh really? So fun because like it's like the comics
It's like the cartoons you saw as a kid
But now there's actors doing it. Isn't that great?
All of your favorite moments
They'll fed back to you and they'll keep doing it
They'll keep doing it. I think that's good
Hell just has earnest movies. Unfortunately the earnest movies are only in the library of the angels. What?
Yes, we've been trying to get the earnest movies in hell for
Thousands of years
What? Time works differently in hell. So
It's been about 6,000 years
Since the earnest movies came out in hell
Well, since the earnest movies came out
In hell it's been 6,000 years. What the fuck and we can't get them
Have you been watching people fab? Of course. I'm right on your shoulder. I'm right behind you every time you masturbate
Just know I can sense it. I can feel it and I'm in the room with you
It feels good for me too
Keep doing it little monkeys
Because you get me off. You're getting me off every time. I really like the way you do it. I love it
Oh, yes. Whoa fucking shill man. I am a voyeur. Of course I am
I'm the motherfucking devil
I want you jerk off. Stop it
You stop it and I'll stop it, but you won't stop it
All right, man. Jesus Christ. Well, I'm the fucking devil. I've got to say some crazy shit
Not even that crazy. It's just a little creepy
Mmm
Does that mean hell just got like a queen of king of queens finally
We had king of queens right away. We've got the we've got certain things
A meat we actually had king of queens before it came out it got sent back in time to the foundation of hell
It's sort of one of the foundational building blocks of the castle of bones that I'm supposed to live in apparently
It has a terrible it has no ac. So I usually I usually stay in my summer house
All right, that's all the time we have for the day the devil fucking lost to me
Unsurprisingly and he's torn up about it. Look how upset he looks
Got your dumb ass easily unsurprisingly
boom, I only got to get two more of these and then
Apparently we get crumb back or something or whatever he said. I didn't really even ask so
But I'm assuming it'll all work out because it always does for me and it always does for all the wolves in chat
We'll see you real soon. Bye. Bye. Where's our freaking credits?
Not working
That's upsetting
I'll have to look into that
Looking into it
All right
Um, the other devils absorbed our credits
They probably have the whole queen king of queens set down there
Yeah
they have a
A library dvd collection. That's just the king of queens and grown-ups too
If I had to guess but I guess I could ask the devil
all right
Um, let me check one thing real quick
Huh, I recently um tried to update how a number of things work on this stream
And I don't know if they're working the way I intended
I'll just put it that way
Annoying me
But we'll do one more segment of news and then
Whatever else the people want and then we will get into some dj music
But for now, let's check out the news that you submitted. It's time for even more news
Hello fellow travelers
It's your pal
Durf dwarf derf
It is with an O, but it's pronounced derf
Okay
Yeah, that's okay
Everything's gonna be okay. Just settled into it with me the world's on fire, but
It feels good to cook. Okay, man
We just gotta check out the news that the people have submitted which you could do with the cream dot team
um, all right
Load up the tank
every single site
Gives you so much shit every time you open a story. Okay. Here we go. What am I supposed to read?
Yes, that's right. It's but it's pronounced derf
You're saying it differently. No, you're just hearing me differently
Guys got a coy vibe like gbh ghb
I don't remember it and feel violated the morning after hearing it
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's feel spiritually correct
So I agree. Oh, okay
Well, here's some more south park news. Ah, yes
the
Satiratours at south park have done it again
And I was excited to see it
I never lost faith that they could absolutely skewer the modern moment at any time
It was like no, you're not going to blur the penis creator trey parker explained as south park creators reveal
How they slipped the not safe for work trump scene through paramount
The creators of south park. Whoa. It got bigger the creator unlike some things
I'm talking about trump's penis which has been maligned by the south park creators and I suspect could be rather minuscule
Yep. Yeah, that's
That's the take. It's funny when it's small
The creators of south park discussed their recent recent episode of the show
In which they mocked president donald trump and this was all a trick. There's a video. Let's watch it
It's that's what happened. They're like, okay, but we're gonna blur the penis and I'm like, no, you're not gonna blur the penis
We put eyes on the penis
It's like what put the eyes on if we put eyes on the penis
We won't blur it and then that was a whole conversation with a lot of grown-up people for about four fucking days
Because then it's a character. It's a character. That's what that's how that happened. I only saw one eye
It had to be two eyes. I don't know why
You should know in my stack of cards. I also have a subpoena for you tonight. So
That's fine, man. I'm ready
Yes
Do you think audience taste has changed have you noticed the discernible change in what constitutes
Comedy now versus when any of you guys were starting out. I mean what is coming?
It's like what andi just said it's like the tension spans and what people expect the speed of things
And I think that maybe we benefited
But south park that we just speed up our voices from speeding up a tape that we didn't think we were making everything go faster
But it goes pretty fast
He's right. You got to talk fast
to keep up
with the modern mind
is
lightning speed reactions
live in studio
That's what we provide
Good stuff very good stuff. Well, the way they did it is they said we're doing it
That's a good way to get things done. They said blow it. They said nope
I think south park kind of can get away with that actually
So their turnaround speed there's like also I can't believe they got 1.5 billion dollars
from paramount
I mean granted they probably had to sell
Kind of sell their souls a little bit to them
Seems like paramount for that price will have some creative control over the product, but maybe not
You got to give it up to matt and tray. They have like uh
They cracked the code on
Seeming to have full creative control of things and getting just paid like crazy for things
The eyes are at the very end
Oh of the penis. Yeah, I can't show you I think
Safely on twitch. I don't know what the rules are
So I think I'll just err on the side of not showing you. I guess it's technically a copyrighted penis too
So they could get me on two angles here two penis angles
Yeah, they make the absolute super fast and
They just uh, you know
Also the whole thing about them being controversial
almost feels like it was
I think uh, I don't think it was an intentional marketing thing from them
But I don't really know how many times south park has been like
earnestly in the crossfire of any particular
Organization
It seems like they tend to like do what they do and they kind of get away with it. So
Not cases brother said search small pen is rule and wiki for an informal legal strategy that makes the south park joke funnier
Small penis rule on wikipedia
Oh
The small penis rule is an informal strategy used by the authors to evade libel lawsuits
It was described in a new york times article by
Donita, uh, donita smith or a fictional portrait to be uh actionable
It must be so accurate
That a reader of the book would have no problem linking linking the two said mr. Friedman
Thus he continued libel lawyers have what is known as the small penis rule
One way authors can protect themselves from libel suits is to say that a character has a small penis
Mr. Friedman said now no male is going to come forward and say that character with a very small penis
That's me
Pretty good. It's pretty good rule
That's why you have such a small penis
Uh, yes to protect myself legally and I just destroyed you because that's not how it works
Oh shoot, you got me. I sure did with your small penis. Yeah, that's why I'm protected legally
Once, you know, you fell for it again immediately
I'm just trying to protect myself legally by saying I have a small penis
You're doing it in reverse. You're supposed to say no, that's not me
Oh
Oh, no, am I gonna get sued now?
Let's just move on. Um, all right
Brits can get around discord's age verification thanks to death stranding's photo made by
Made photo mode. Sorry bypassing the measure
Introduced with the uk's online safety act. We tried it and it works. Wait, what?
Age verification syncs to death stranding's photo mode. What does that mean?
The uk's new account blocks access to adult content without identification
Okay
Turns out you need only copy a copy of death stranding and a phone to get around it
Today saw the full introduction of the requirement outlined in the safety act in the uk
Requiring robust age checks for users to access adult content
Okay
Earlier today our james
Stumbled, I guess it's one of the riders stumbled across people using sam
Porter bridges selfies to bypass discord age verification
Naturally, we thought to take this information infiltration method for a spin
Is there a video or something? Oh
Well, couldn't you just use a picture of anyone?
I guess it
Is nice that the graphics are good enough. Oh, it like looks like you but
I guess I don't understand the feature
What is the feature?
It worked whatever it is
They could have used my face, right
couldn't you also just use like
A must up a mustache from a costume store that takes too much work
I don't really understand how the feature works. Is it it's a face scan or scan ID?
It's called kid
Yes, the feature is called kid or kid
It's able to verify users in one of two ways face scan or scan ID
The latter is fairly self-explanatory
But the former uses checks to verify how it holds you look to see if you're good to view whatever content
You're hoping to view
But what if you're one of those kids who got a full mustache and wrinkles in the third grade?
Did you know any kids like that?
I went to school with a kid with the robin williams disease from the movie where he died soon
The movie where he died soon. Yes the movie where he get old and die soon
Jack or something like that. This kid's name was guffrey
Isn't your brother's name girth? Yes different name. Oh, okay
Is guffrey secretly an a is girth secretly an eight year old?
No, girth is my brother and he's missing. Okay. Well, now I'm confused. Yes, you are
Thirst looks like he had a beard in third grade. I didn't get mine until fifth grade. You got a full beard in fifth grade
Yes, and I started writing dark beat poetry
I think that's what did it
Your poetry and they put hair on my face. It was so adult
The incredible sensuous observations I was making about my fifth grade classroom
That's nope. You're getting back into creepy territory. No, I was in fifth grade at the time
So it's fine to say
That I was making sensuous observations about my fifth grade classroom. It's not okay to say it anymore. You shouldn't tell that story
All right
Indian man caught running fake embassy with elaborate setup a fake embassy
The authorities have arrested a man accused of running a fake embassy from a lavish property near a capital in new delhi
Uh
Harsh vadan
Jain reportedly duped people for money by promising overseas employment
Jain who's a 47 year old introduced himself as an ambassador for an advisor for entities like
Suburga and west cardia
I guess those aren't real countries
Uh-oh. See this is exactly what gets you to believe someone like this guy
Is what if suburga is a real country and then I look like a fool?
Well, technically you look like a fool because you just don't know every nation on the planet
And there's not that many there's a bunch. Am I supposed to remember
Hundreds of nations names. How many pokemon do you know hundreds?
Okay
I don't think suborg is real though
Not like subulba. Who's a real character?
As a ruler of west cardia. I take offense to this
It's uh, actually west star. I said it wrong. It's actually west star key west
arktica
See now you're in trouble because you don't even know about west arktica. It's not a real place
It's fake it turns out and they've gotten us all
Well, I just don't want to jump to any conclusion because what if I could be a vip in west arktica just by working with my friend
Utar Pradesh
Let's see a video. Here's the post
UPSTF busted a fake embassy being run from a swinky house and uh, Utar Pradesh was a place case
Oops, I thought it was a guy
Getting yourself in trouble again the arrested suspect
Uh harsh vardan jain used to portray himself as an ambassador
Like uh by of nations like west arktica suborg polvia and ladonia
multiple fake stamps passports
Diplomatic registration plates cash both foreign and domestic have been linked to the raid has anybody ever used
Let's see what happens when we google west arktica because I respect what this man is doing
The nation in your mind can be the realest nation of all
It is a
Non-profit advocating for climate change
So in a sense he represented the nation of the earth
By advocating for climate change. I don't think that's what he was doing
But accidentally he might have been let's look at some of the money they collected
What kind of money did they get?
Jeez, this will not load correctly. There we go
Look at all these license plates
Troubling stuff
Is that fake he had fake money made? He got a lot of watches. He can't fake that
The realest watches around
The moral of the story is
There's no limits to what you can get away with
Follow your bliss
Make your story real and you too can be a very important person from a completely made up nation
Your takeaways to do this. It seems like what he was doing was cool and worked
We got caught that was his only mistake
I guess that was
The biggest mistake of all was getting caught
all right
let's end
With a couple more and then we'll make some music
And get out of here for the day. I actually maybe we should stop now and try to make whatever this song is because
I have to go pick Kendall up
Kind of soon from the airport
You fool. Yeah, you know, I don't tend to budget my time that wisely on this stream
So maybe we'll call the news here and send it to DJ C4 to make a hopefully
Fine song about getting body slammed in hell
I'm sure that won't bother anyone. I don't think it'll bother anyone watching this at least to be fair. So
Let's send it down to DJ C4
Or whatever our music punishment of the week is it's DJ time
I didn't make this i'm just vibing out
Sometimes you just vibe to the lo-fi beats that you play in your studio 24-7
Good to see everybody. It's me DJ C4 a different guy than case
Time blindness. I wish I had that
Time's an illusion man. I don't want to see it
You think suborg is where durf and garf came from I could see that
But all I see in our future is a sick track
We let me get this exactly right
Getting body slammed in hell brother is the title of the song
That feels maybe like a metal song
or or a
Sad song like a ballad like november rain
I'll see if live and sleazy has any opinion on it, but uh
In the meantime, let's find a beat for it
Or an instrumental
That's a big part of producing is downloading a free instrumental
November 2. Okay. We're going with ballad
You have to work in the phrase that doesn't work for me brother. I can do that
Um, what happens if I just search rock ballad?
Sol 91 that's not right
That's not gonna work. Let's go let's go back to the front page
We need rock
But sad rock
We need rock where the mood is
Sad
It kind of sucks. Of course, like this kind of sucks
It never even kicks in to make it powerful
This isn't sad
We also need it to be
We also still need it to rock
This is very christian
How come all their sad rock sucks?
All right, this site is failing us
We have to go to our alternate site
Yeah, let's go. Let's just search power ballad instrumental on youtube
That could get us there. Maybe
Sort of a rap power ballad? I don't know. That could work, I guess
That's closer. That's more what we're looking for
But it's five minutes long, which I'm less into why is everything so christian rock sounding?
Oh, you know what we could do is there a sad version of real american? Nope
No, no, that's too specific. I guess okay
Pop rock guitar tight beat power ballad
Let's search that on search that on this other site and see if we get anything
Okay
It has lyrics that's gonna be a problem
Why do all these have lyrics?
Also, why are they so loud?
Jesus they're failing us
Okay, okay, okay, maybe if I set the genre to rock that it'll cover us here
Actually this is gonna try to make sense
Could just be a kid rock song. I just need November rain
Let's just search kid rock instrumental and see what we get
Maybe we just borrow from the rock
Maybe we may get more pumped up
Oh the ba with the ba instrumental
Never even considered what the instrumental on that sounds like
It's got a long lead up of him saying ba with the ba
It doesn't feel quite right. It doesn't feel quite right
american bad
I need it to be I want it to be mournful for some reason
I'm just gonna type in November rain style instrumental and see what we get success too
Maybe I just maybe I'm destined to be unsatisfied today. That's takers maga theme. That's a good point
No learned me. How is this rock? I need a guitar
Every day I'm looking for a way to return
To the time when everything
Can you maybe make a sad rock instrumental on sueno or refusion?
I could imagine that having even worse results than this, but it's possible. I'm sure
I think um
I think I think beggars can't be choosers. I gotta just go for this
youtube
um
Ballad that was close enough
This is long
Where is it? We'll just shorten it. We'll cut it down to like two minutes
Using the power of dj
Yeah, that'll work. Good enough whatever
Okay
Little behind the scenes trick here there used to be a site called cobalt.tools that would uh
Rip youtube videos, but lately it says I can't let's see if it's still saying that it is still saying that so sad
Cobalt.tools has died
A tragic death. It was the best
Now I gotta use one of these
More unsavory converters
Do I think the man who body slammed a 700 pound giant after working 400 days a year would be satisfied? It was good enough
No, no, I don't
So we'll just have to disappoint them
It's also telling us what key it's in so that's convenient
The CADD7
I'm gonna have to look it up anyway. I don't understand what I'm even seeing here
Give me this power ballad. Okay
music
80s power ballad
All right
Download ytdlpgui. It's better than cobalt anyway. Okay. That's probably good advice
I just like that with cobalt. I didn't have to download anything, but uh, it does have problems for sure. So
I'll keep that in mind for later
By making a note that says what you just said
Give me a notepad
Give me a blank note. There it is. Okay
Sad real american starting at about
044
On what though?
Do you mean on
Is that a thing you found because I'll download sad real american and use that but
I couldn't find it
To me it felt like it didn't exist
If there is a sad real american though, I'm all over it
Wait, I have to save the last one. Uh, what do we do last time it was
Oh never written a picture. Okay
All right
Let me clear everything out of here
I should have done this before the stream, but I did not
Okay
Wait, you added a link to what to where? Oh, it's censoring your link. Sorry card king
If you put it in if you have the if you have access to the discord, uh, we could get it out of there
And but I can't see it's it's just starring out what oh greg to you. You might have been the one who shared it
Sorry
Google sent me to tiktok not sure it's on youtube
I can I can go to tiktok and search it just sad real american. I guess that does feel like the kind of thing
Someone might make right now
So maybe I mean we can also download tiktoks fortunately
In fact, I think kobalt.tools can still download tiktoks tiktok has some good stuff
We can rip it off tiktok. Yeah
If I can find it
What the fuck
Don't search sad real american
On tiktok, apparently you immediately get sent to uh
That kevin spacey movie
Okay, so what you googled it what just type in what you googled and I'll google that
Greg to you or whatever sad real american instrumental
It did give them way too much here
Here's a piano slash orchestral real american
This is gonna have to be more like uh
Johnny cash is hurt
but
This is it posted in atw discord. Okay, I'll make sure that's the same one
Oh, here we go. Let's see what's in the discord just to double check, but this is also usable
Oh, this might be even better. This is just the song
Oh, does it start? Does it switch?
This might be two chops and screwed to use
Yeah, I think we got to go with the piano one
This is quite the fan edit though
So I'm glad we got to see it
Okay, okay, let's go with this one
We're just gonna go with this sad piano real american
My wwf that can't be
So I know how that one is even supposed to go for 15 years
So how does that translate to this though? Where do you sing the real american part? Maybe I don't really see how these
Quite one
Vibing out believe it. I believe it up to the ghost writer
We're gonna have to say good enough so we can move on
All right ghost writer have fun
figuring out a right
It's time to get real everybody real american
Okay
I can do that
I don't let's
You know what back I'm gonna send it back to him so he can mix this for me first
What?
I gotta do more stuff
Okay, we'll chop the song down first because it does need to be shorter
It's gotta be way shorter than this
Um, let's just start it here
No preamble let's get into it right here
I think started there that makes more sense. I don't know what this is. We can cut this
Okay, so something there can get cut
Maybe we just go straight to this because it's crazy
Maybe here see what it ends. Okay, so there we can edit because we got to get it out of here
Okay, something in there probably can be cut
Okay
I don't know if this will all fit together, but we have to make cuts
Cuts have to be made in this company
Burp maybe there
Let's closer. Hello giggle gobble. Hmm. Maybe if we just crossfade it more. It's just happening too soon
Man, it's kind of insanely loud
I am gonna scare the cats. Holy shit
This is so long
Does it just fade out? Nope it ends
Okay, we'll cut some of this. Where's the beat? That's right. It's around
DJing guys
That's what we're doing. We love to DJ
Our music. All right. I have it not quite sync up these waveforms
That's what we need
Does that do it more or less?
What if I just do this again though?
I think I picked the wrong part of the song unfortunately
Maybe this is the point to make the cut. Oh, shit
An expert was requested
Rob Alvy, but he finally has a change of heart by acknowledging his
Bands on Elon up scene in Hulk Hogan knowing they're far worse than case or trip
We might have to do that on Monday
But we will do it
Jesus
Somewhere in here
This is a nightmare
Okay, so there's that beat
So I guess that should line up roughly with that
If we're lucky
Come on good enough
You can sync it up a little bit. We gotta line up the vibrations one more time
Where are the vibrations vibrating?
Come on vibrations
They're too different
These vibrations are too different
It's almost like this software isn't
Really ideal for what I'm doing
Okay, okay, we got it down to two minutes. It's got some jumps in there
But we're just gonna have to live right good luck ghost
I wouldn't want to have to deal with whatever this is
Good thing. I don't have to he's fucking me
Today, he's fucking me for no reason
All right
We'll do it live
What is the what would even be the vibe of this lyric?
Like what do you sing over this?
Body slamming
Hellen slamming
Brother brother brother brother brother brother brother
Body slams it
Hellen's brother
Brother brother brother brother
Is it like a
I just don't even know what style of lyric you do over this
I guess you could just do
Oh, I guess this guy doesn't be like a rock and roll thing
Howdy slams
We slam in here
Something or other
Okay, we'll just write lyrics and they'll figure it out, but it's got to be
A guns and roses hogan tribute. Yeah, something like that
This is where the power lies. We're gonna power up right now
um
Okay, where's my lyrics
Give me my never-ending sheet of lyrics so we can
Slam this shit
Come on
I'm using the exact same google doc for all these so there's just a mountain of
Insane terrible lyrics very professionally written by me
um, let's
Check real american lyrics
Maybe we can just copy them but add
Make it more hellish
And tragic
boom
I'm real american fight for the rights of every man, but this song is actually called
Getting body slammed in hell brother
So we got to we got to adjust it to that
I'm a father
I guess if it's if it getting body slammed in hell feels like a story I guess
um
So
I guess it could be about how he's gonna
Fight in hell, but that also needs a chorus
Getting body slammed in hell brother is a weird chorus, but I think it's what we have to use
Chother rhymes with brother just saying
That's a great point
brother mother other
Drother I'm a real american fight for what's right fight for your life
Fight like no other get body slammed in hell brother
I
am the savior of hell
Teach these no-gooders
How to do well
I am the savior of hell
Teach these no-gooders how to do well
I am the savior of hell
Teach these no-gooders how to do well
Like no other get body slammed in hell brother
I don't know if it's possible for that to be worked
Into the rhythm of any song
But I I'm gonna challenge whoever's singing this to try to do that
Yeah, now we can get into the lyrics. I guess
Fight for your life fight
For what's right is how that usually ends. Okay
How did the actual lyrics go?
When it comes crashing down and it hurts inside you got to take a stand
It don't help to hide if you hurt my friends and you hurt my pride. I gotta lend a hand. It don't help to hide
It just goes one verse and then straight back to the chorus
We need but we need to mention Metallica wanted to be their basis. We good. We run much space though
Um because this
These are all the lyrics
In the original so we got a really
Rep about that ads
That life
Yeah, what giggle gobbler said
Cherokee should sing it since he's a steel folding wrestling cherry bag. You can get a chair to try to sing this probably
Might just have to be a png of a chair, but that's never stopped us before
Okay, um
What were some of the suggestions here?
Metallica
Right rick flair
I mean we got to mention that he's in hell maybe satan or devil
This isn't gonna work for me brother
Brother we could still have we get up and say brother again
Just rhyme brother with brother. That's oh jabroni was the other word
Jabroni
Bologna
Then he gets to say bologna
Um
Jabrother
Oh, jabrother rhymes with jabrother. That's a that's good
When it comes crashing down and it hurts inside, um
I'm in hell
By mistake, but i'm not bothered
I'm in hell mistake by mistake
That don't work for me
Gonna show these demons
They're d jabronis the original
If you hurt my friends and you hurt my pride, I gotta lend a hand. It don't help to hide
We could still end on it don't help to hide
got
Oh, whoops. I gotta move these lyrics. Sorry
I'm in hell with mean gene largest arms on the scene
Mean gene at my side
biggest arms in hell
Mean gene at my side
Stay on to these demons
With a leg drop. It don't help to hide. That's too many words
Okay, I am the savior of all of hell
Teach these no gooders how to do well
I'm the savior of all of hell
Do you fight like no other?
Oh, I deleted it
shit
Getting body slammed in hell brother. Okay
Well, I stand strong about right and wrong and I don't take trouble for very long because I got something deep inside of me
A courage is the thing that keeps me free
That's the original
steroids
That act to draw thunder and paradise
Hell is bad
I'm about to make it nice
Show the city of dis
Thunder in paradise
A little bit more of a reference than probably hogan would make but whatever
um
Hell is bad, but I am batter is good. That's better than the last one
That's more hogan-y for sure
Put down a union once or twice
Stop a union. I'm just putting that in my notes
Mr. Nanny
Hell is bad, but I am batter. Sorry
uh
Go hollywood on satan. I'm getting matter
Because hell is bad, but I am batter
Okay creative control
See there's so few
Lyrics in the original. I think we're already basically out of time
Like in the song
Oh, how about I am the savior of christian hell. I like that more
I am the savior of christian hell
That feels more hogan-y to me
All right
Being a hero
Is what I did persist, but the real truth is I'm a right race
It works, but I think I'm I think I'm out of
Real estate in these lyrics especially because I cut the song down to two minutes
Um, I also don't know at all how this is going to fit
In this song like I don't know maybe we just have whoever's
Singing this I think it's we're having a chair sing this
And let's just note this so it's easier to parse
chorus
verse
I saw a request for a chair to sing this and that does feel close enough
we could also
Just have some
You have like a any rest or sing it I guess
Let's see if we can even find a chair
We even get a chair on short notice. That's not a chair
Come on. Give me a chair
What folding chair do I think crumbs hanging out with the holster? Absolutely
There's a gamer chair
So we have a gamer chair thing things think it's sorry about
hell
I'm gonna say yes
Gotta be chair me. Okay. Maybe chair me had some work done
and became a gamer chair
Or
He could have become a elegant
living room
modernist chair
But a folding chair seems to not be an option
The gamer chair is way funnier looking
Gamer chair, would you be up for being um?
Are you available to sing you want me to sing I'm chair me's cousin
Oh good guys, it's chair me's cousin. What's your name?
Sharon
Sharon
Oh like Sharon
Sharon is Karen. Some people call me Karen
Hmm whatever I'll sing about wrestling it makes sense
Okay
It adds up
Sharon stones chair. No, that's nine. Were you Sharon stones chair? Yeah, I'm a gamer chair
All right. Well, we've established that this is Sharon stones gamer chair. So I think that makes sense to have it sing about
Hulk Hogan getting body slammed in hell brother
Did gross gamer musk bring to life a chair? Yeah
All right. He's just agreeing with all the lore that you're saying
Is the lumbar support a tongue?
You tell me give me a sit and let's find out
It just crossed your legs off your body
Because I don't think you're gonna want to sit on this thing
Munch wants the fisher price assault rifle. He did want that. Sorry for being so late on that comment
Okay
Let's uh you have the chair give this a shot. I don't know how any of this fits
Chair in the song which is crazy sounding
So just kind of vibe it out your chair. So I think you're qualified. I'll do it, man
I'll show this track. What's up?
I'm chair chairing
the cousin of Jeremy
And I was destined to sing a song about hulk hogan
Overcoming the devil in hell
Seems like a normal friday thing to do. We got no time case needs to get out of here in a second
So let's do this
Where's my notes? There they are
Um, okay
boom
Oh brother you ever heard the story about how hulk hogan went to hell and beat the devil
You haven't well get ready because
It's quite a tell
Oh
Let's say if you're of christian hell
Declare snow gutters if you're of christian hell and oughta do well
Fight like no other
body slammed in hell brother
I don't think I do
I don't like i'm doing it
um
It doesn't quite make sense because your chair
It's a really first person song you just have to embody that you're hulk hogan
Um
I think uh, I think you're doing great a gamer chair doesn't work for this
I don't know if a chair works for this
But I also to be fair don't know what would work for this
I'm the spirit of needy this you need a ghost
All right, let's get a ghost
Let's just find a ghost
Maybe there's a spooky ghost that can do this
Okay, this could work
What's up brother? It's me
Brother brother, oh, I don't know how I feel about you in a white sheet. This is just how ghosts are brother
Again, I'll but if this is how it is for me
We have another ghost here. This guy's not at my level man
I
I need to get my corporal form back
Yeah, it's rounded. It's fine. I'm a classic ghost
Brother brother brother you need an Aussie send off stream
That's not you're not getting that ear man
Ghost King is out. Oh man. This this guy's not part of my crew. I'm gonna be honest
How come you can't do this ghost writer? I'm a ghost writer. I'm not a ghost singer
I don't know if this uh, your lyrics are gonna work for this song at all doesn't really make any sense
I'll make it. I'll make it work brother
Okay, we'll try this again
But uh
It kind of doesn't
This sort of metal kind is really hard to to put lyrics to so shut up. I got this
brother
Brother, I got this
That's you're sounding more like macho man. I'm a ghost. I don't even it's hard to say what I'd sound like as a ghost
Nobody can prove that I'm not him
Is Jeb's dad a part of your crew ghost writer? Yeah, he's in man. He's cool
Oh, come on. Can't be I don't know like some of the stuff you said
Brother, it's all water on the bridge. I'm a ghost now. Nope. It follows you man. That's the whole thing about being a ghost
brother
Hmm
All right, let's try this. I'm just gonna launch in with the chorus
I'm gonna just I'm gonna vibe it out man. Um
I'm uh come on man
You're trying to sound more like yourself. It's hard to sound like yourself as a ghost
You don't have vocal chords anymore. You gotta remember what you sound like
Meanwhile, your memories are slipping away is your essence depletes into the great cosmic void brother
Hmm. All right, let's try this
Yeah
Oh satan you brought me here. You think I'm gonna put up with that kind of thing
No chance. I must be here as a representative of god and I'm gonna show you how
Whoo
I'm the savior of christian hell
It teach these no gutters how to do so well
I'm the savior of christian hell. I'm a tasty snow gutters how to do really well
I'm in hell by mistake. Well, guess what that doesn't work for me
I'm gonna show these demons at the end of the day that they're actually
Dabroni
I've got the biggest arms in hell. Means you by my side
Say us these demons with the lake top guys. It don't help to hide. I'm the savior of christian hell
T. C snow gutters how to do really well
I'm the savior of christian hell
T. C snow gutters how to do really really well because I fight like no other
I'm getting body slammed in hell brother. Yeah, I fight like no other
I'm getting body slammed in hell brother
I'm the savior of christian hell
I teach these no gutters how to do really well
I'm the savior of christian hell
I'm getting body slammed in hell brother. I like no other
Still getting body slammed in hell brother. I feel like I exercise some demons there
Hey man, that's just good enough good enough
Yeah, we're you're good. You can go back to hell
You want to do another take? No
No, that was enough
Yeah, I'll work with that
All right. I'm going back to hell
I'll go in a sec
The portal will show up soon and I'll go
Okay, let's see what we're working with here. I imagine it's gonna sound terrible. Um, don't worry. He got warped back to hell
I didn't I'm here
You will be in a sec though and also you're you know if you're gonna warp to hell
We can say whatever
Bucked up brother
Um, we gotta find the key to this song we could probably
Look it up, but
Maybe this version has a different key. I don't know how it works. I'm just supposed to be a music guy
Okay
This song
is
In the key of a minor
It's another a minor. It's popular. It's a popular choice
All right
Great. You think I'm gonna put up with that kind of thing?
No chance. I must be here as a representative of god and I'm gonna show you how
Whoo, I'm the savior of christian hell
I think it's off the beat pretty badly
Christian hell
It teach these no gunners how to do so well
I'm gonna save your of christian hell. This one is brutal
It's these no gunners how to do really well
I'm in hell my mistake. Well, guess what that doesn't work for me
I'm gonna show these demons at the end of the day that they're actually
I got these demons with the lake top because it don't help to hide
These these no gunner. I'm the savior. Let's add more reverb. Let's just add a bunch of reverb and see if that helps
Nope, that was too much reverb
medium reverb
Nope, he sounds a million miles away and I'll just turn it up
He slammed in the body slammed in hell bro. Yeah, that's that's gonna be it. It's good enough
sometimes uh
Sometimes you just do it in one
And I think that that's all that needed to be said. Yeah, and I think it's best if we don't linger on this one
Yeah, let's just call it
Really strong stuff good choice
Excellent choice to call it
Do call it
Yeah, okay
one shot
Gibronis
Save this obviously we got to save this
Uh, let's see who's on to raid
I gotta go
I gotta go do something else because I'm a different guy in case has to go pick up his girlfriend
So everybody's gotta leave
Looks like
Sheik was waiting for hogan to break him with the camel clutch
He purposely went to hell and waited just so he could get one more devastating blow in on hogan before going into the light
I think that's canon. I believe uh, we're gonna raid statics later
another friend of the stream
Who is playing
Minecraft
So if you're a Minecraft head or a statics later fans stick around thanks for hanging out on a friday
to listen to whatever that was and we'll be back on monday with news
Have a great weekend
um
And we'll talk to you all very soon
Bye bye everybody. I gotta go right away because I need to leave later