I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
My bomb is hurting from all this banning
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, let's do this! I'm Papito!
It's April Fools
Oh yeah
You're right, fuck it
Today's a piss stream instead of a news stream
The trick there is it's always a piss stream
So that's it, that's the April Fools
Good to see everybody, MSG, GregTube, MrWookieBooBoo, Sycor, MrSmith, Live and Sleazy
Bundlesprout, Sycor, others perhaps?
I'm not letting Kendall hold anything, she's not even here
She's at work!
What's happening?
I actually forgot it's April Fools
I could have planned something exciting but instead I planned fucking nothing
That's really disappointing
I was ready to eat a bunch of dinosaurs
Or what? I was ready to do a Fools
Eating dinosaurs?
I don't know, what is April Fools?
Either of us knew or cared then why are you making a big deal out of it, Papito?
I don't know, April Fools, I got you
With what?
You just got got
You just got everybody sorry for wrecking your ass with my trick I just pulled
What was the trick?
You didn't even notice it, that's how full you got
I got your ass
Damn
I'm an adult who's too busy working
Got em, exactly
Yeah, I was working, you know I was working
I don't have time to do Fools
The question today is which Super Mario Galaxy character is Caste?
My money's um...
Frogger?
Frogger's not in it
He could be, Frogger could be in there
I mean I guess it's a video game reference but why would they have Frogger in there?
Sex Toad, Genital Slit, of course
Sonic, Genital Slit again
And Fart
Probably Fart
Can we guarantee that Fart's in the film?
I haven't seen the early releases but I could give you an early release
I'm talking about farting
I'm Fart
Caste has been cast in big news in the role of Fart
It's an honor honestly just to be in such a prestigious film
Alongside my friend Chris Pratt and others
You only remember Chris Pratt?
The lady with the big eyes but not the one from Fallout
It's great to be with her
Guy from Always Sunny in Philadelphia
Who I want to say is Charlie Day but now I can't remember that's the name of the character or him
How do you not remember anything?
I don't know, it's just the way my brain is
Brie Larson isn't it? As who?
Fox McLeod? Because I'm in support of that
Others?
Today's one of my, actually I am the spoiler
I actually can only stream till probably a little after 5.30
Because I have to go see the Mario movie
Wow
I don't know if we're seeing it early is it just out?
It might have already just, it might just be out
But anyway someone got us tickets
So I have to, one of Kendall's friends got us all tickets so I gotta go see it
Honestly I'll say it's my friend too but I don't want to be presumptuous
It came out last night so I'm not even seeing a special version of it
You need to feel special case when you go see your little baby Mario movie?
I thought maybe because the guy who got us tickets does movie reviews so I was like maybe he got us review tickets
But honestly if it's already out it's probably just normal tickets
It was already released on Twitter
Is that where you're watching it?
I mean if that's an option
I also didn't know until today I was reminded that I said I would go see it today
They should use Casemario
Honestly one of the best things G4 ever did was Casem as Mario
Just voicing over Mario as we played a clip
Kevin's playing the Twin Towers that's huge for him
Congratulations
I bet it'll be, I was telling Kendall before she disappeared
That it's probably my most go-to example for a movie that I saw
I had no problems with really I was like yeah if I had to make a Mario friendly kids movie
I don't think I could do much better
But then it disappeared from my mind until I found out I was seeing the next one today
I just never thought about it again
Which honestly is fine I don't really think you need to
I don't think you need the Mario movie to be like a deeply affecting experience
I think you're going so that your kids are like
And you eat popcorn and you're kinda like oh I remember Donkey Kong too
And then it's over
And we all go home not happy but we go home
As long as you all go home
That's all I'm waiting for
You're watching the Moon launch?
Well you know we should watch it too
It's already launched but we can see the replays
Instant replay of Moon
Let's get into it it's news time
Moon yes
Scammer
Get all of that war stuff out of here
We're talking about the kind of rockets people love
Oh yeah
Love rockets
From Nessah
Should we just say the word
There's no way we're gonna get through this without saying the word
Should we just throw it to chat?
Come on this is like big time news for me
But yes I guess fuck it it's science time I suppose
The case turned down my fucking music
How could he do this?
Also I'd like to point out that we've hit the goal of dance dance execution
So get on that shit
Mr. Blackwell
Yeah I'll remind him
You do that set a reminder Chetai
Tell case that he needs to dance with Kendall
I don't think he ever told Kendall that she had to do that
You think she won't do it?
I think she'll do it
I think she'll do it too
Dance dance execution that she make that a game
Somebody vibe code that really quick
I don't know what it is but it involves its gore
There's gore involved
But today what's involved is the gore of rocket
The explosion of flame erupting from the tube of skyance
That is rocket
And I have I've gone to the trouble of looking up on Twitter
Rocket launch
And behold this I'm hoping this is actually a clip of it
Not ASMR actual rocket launching
Check out this shit
Hopefully it's impressive I haven't spoiled it for much
Oh my god
Ignition of the RS-25s
Ignition of the boosters and liftoff
Artemis 2 is off and away
Let's go to the moon
We can still do it
We can still go to the moon in this country
Roger roll pitch
Moon
That's a good use of it
If you got it you can have rockets
Can we at least send him to the moon
We just did
Haha we sure as shit did
That's right NASA's Artemis 2 blasted off from Florida as a crew began its historic mission to the moon
Even though we've been there
We've been there like a couple times
It's historically like us proving that we haven't lost that many steps
We can still step all the way to the motherfucking moon
Then it says China saw a SBU episode and someone stole your name on it
What?
Were they cool guy?
It wasn't the guy doing the sex crime right?
Cause that's a lot of the characters on that show
And I only do sex justices
We're talking about space justice today
NASA's Artemis 2 has taken off
It launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida
Which isn't a carnival it's a canaveral
And it's the first crewed mission around the moon in more than 50 years
It's supposed to be the furthest flight into space
Ever
You know how far they're going?
Further than ever
That's correct
The rocket blasted off just a little bit ago
It's 6.35pm we just missed
We could have watched it live really maybe pulled in some viewership
But um, the staircase just I guess he just didn't do that
He probably was doing something important
Yelling
Adjusting something in streamerbot
Entropy Destroyer says take those reusable engines from the space shuttle
And dump them into the ocean
Hell yes
Is that what they did?
You should know that
My training date isn't up to date yet I cannot know these things
I think you were training what?
1996
What? It should be white
God damn it
Uh, let's see if there's anything else about this
The core stage has now separated from Orion
That was just 7 minutes ago NASA said the main engine cut off from the launch systems
Core stage and it's complete and the core stage has successfully separated
From the interm cryogenic propulsion stage of the Orion spacecraft
Let me see what else, let's see what other videos
Maybe there's a live video
Some are starting to show us something
This is from NASA
NASA is live right now
The live NASA stream is just this right now
And then a reliable condition to provide the necessary
This is all they're showing
Environmental and control needs of the crew with humans on board
Through the duration of the mission that extends 10 flight days
Streaming is an art form guys
Not everybody can do it at this level
Some people just throw up the still frame of a rocket
And then they just kind of mumble over it
But I guess they launched a rocket
So maybe what they do is more impressive
Maybe
Who could ever decide?
No one can ever, it's subjective who's cool or me or NASA
Let's see what ABC had to say about this
Look it's ABC news, we need ABC news to take on this rocket launch
Okay that won't even load
Fuck, alright I'm just gonna type in
Rocket launch live
See if there's anybody covering this thing live
For me
So that I can just kind of stare blankly at it
Mmm
Okay this is from the AP
Damn it they're just showing the same thing too
Everybody's just showing this still frame
This is from their live fucking feed
It's just this
Why is this?
I'd like to point out this chat is just saying
Someone just typed Trump on the APs
Rocket coverage
Just all caps Trump
Oh they did it again
I'm gonna type in Rump
Just to engage with them
Let them know that there's someone else out there
Reading their chats
Anyway that's what happened
A rocket is flying to space
Furthering to space than any rocket before
Also to the moon
Which some people say we couldn't do anymore
YouTube live comments are accessible
I just up there game by typing in Rump
You showed them
Got their ass it's April Fools y'all
Maybe there's no rocket launch maybe they're tricking us
Maybe this is just like a
Maybe just say I
I can confirm as one
Okay well then I got nothing left to say
There's a rocket it's going to the moon
Hopefully it gets there
I guess I'm impressed
I guess I'm impressed
Once again escaped this mortal coil of Earth
And I'm amongst the stars I guess I'm impressed
Are you jealous?
Yes
What about me says that I couldn't do that
I didn't look how
Don't they need strong astronauts?
Why wasn't I even considered I'm a man of Skynes
I'm a man of physicality
The two attributes you need to be
A handsome astronaut
And yet I've never gotten a call
It's fucked up is all I'm saying
Anyway I guess that's all I have
To say about Skynes today
This momentous day of Skynes actually speaks for itself
It turns out
And so now to speak the rest of the news
These fucking guys I guess
Again my music
Again
Oh my god the Rogans
Shit I don't know if we I should have not
In case you should have turned off these alerts
You don't have time for anything today
That's true we really don't
We could probably do it all
We can probably do it all he says
Let me turn these on
And then turn them off
Boom now they're gone forever
Is Chateau okay why was he so mad about that rocket
He's just jealous he's jealous of the rocket
Oh my god
Five community subs
Five they say
That's beautiful
Google trash thank you so much
Honestly too kind
You want to hear the Rogans takes on rockets
It doesn't need to be long
It's generally best if it's not long with those two
But we'll try to hurry things up and get to the segments for the day
Check out all that rocket coverage
It's exciting I like to see us
Doing things other than blowing each other up with rockets
Nice change of pace
But you know unfortunately we do have
Other news
There's still other news out there
No I don't believe it maybe it's just rocket news today
Um
Iran probably
It's news
I'm putting a question mark because
That is seems to be what happens with every press conference
It's about this what happening but also maybe not happening
It seems to still be happening but maybe it won't
It's just a thrust of these press conferences
So let's get into that news
Okay there's the button
Mmm
Oh the beautiful astronauts
Don't blame them for this headline
Iran says it will not reopen straight-of-hormuz
Because of Trump's ridiculous displays
But I just like to point out these beautiful astronauts
Are not to blame for any of that
Oh shit
I just started a new one
Skimmer just named Jan 300
Shan he's tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
Dang it
Last the moon whispered to me that there's still cheese up there
Pepperdude
This is fucked up
Alright
I do love the hype train
Me Jeff Ripple I love the hype train
So I can't be mad at it
I can't stay mad at a good train personally
So let's talk to them I guess
Okay hype train
Supposedly you're here
Am I to believe this is true
Today I am
Today I am
Yeah I am hype man
What the fuck is going on with this bullshit
It's up
I'm hype man today
Because it's April fools y'all
Got you
I'm not even a train today I'm a guy
Uh hype train
I don't even date that panther because I'm just a guy like the rest of you
Hype train you're a whole train on ahead
No I'm just like a guy you can't even tell I'm a train
You probably got so confused cause you're like what's this train doing here
Listen up Jack
Give the trash just manma jam 600 shan he's tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
Hold up wait a minute I'm going to let you finish but Kennedy didn't move launch is the best
That's true I remember that I was around then
Oh yeah how old are you
Infinity symbol
Oh wait actually no sorry I'm a guy I'm a normal guy
Play me a normal type rap beat that a human would rap to
That's what we play well they're not I don't know if they call out classifies normal purely because of the thumbnails
But that's all we ever play hype train
Play me a normal type trap beat for just a minute
Trap beat for normal men to rap to
Cause it's a normal ass day April fools I got you
If it's a April fools you gotta like let it build up you can't just say I'm here and that's the April fools
Can you not be so critical of everything play me a normal type rap beat
And just settle the fuck down case
We're on our normal shit today
This does look this isn't looks about as normal as it gets
Just a face not even Bart Simpson's mouth
We're not rapping about that today
Today we're rapping about what humans like
Money and bitches right is that it
Well it depends on the genre of rap
Oh I guess I'll rap about food humans like that right
They eat stuff is that true
Sure that's not the most popular thing to rap about
Gonna rap about all the normal stuff that humans like I think I might
Rap about feet tonight is that a thing humans like
Ummm select humans
Okay armpits chat suggested that
Is that something people like chatting the back you let me know
Do you like armpits is that something that you think is the shit
Or does it smell like shit it doesn't smell like a pit
Do you actually like big floppy tits
What should I rap about what a humans rap about
I'm a human so I of course know what to rap about
How does this even work how do you have a human body
Attached to your train head
It's my body case I'm a train type man I'm a normal guy
I didn't go to a cemetery and find a body and
Chimp my button and put a train on top of that body
I didn't do that man
Everything is the same I'm a normal ass main
I definitely am not a Frankenstein train
I didn't find a bunch of cadavers and slather them
I'm on the bottom of my track can you handle that
Can you handle me can you handle this my
Stricity that I have composed for you
Corpses
You just said you didn't do that anyway
What anyway I'm a normal type train is that okay
Yes
So I'm gonna rap about flesh lights it feels so nice
When it's late at night and you wrap your cock
In a tight pussy light do you know what I'm talking about
Normal human stuff that's what I like to wrap about
No bluff
Rappers don't rap about flesh lights either
Normal type human rappers sure they do
Maybe some do but it's not the most normal thing to rap about
Um
Thomas the dink engine
I'm a human though so listen
I'm a whole new human system I got organs
And oil combined nasty they don't spoil
I'm like a monstrosity of machine and man
And I'm doing better than you even think I can
And I think I can and I think I can
Be a normal ass human train type man do you understand
I guess conceptually
Oh yeah that's on God
Normal ass rapper bought a hot jelkin rod
I trapped it to my penis and now it grows
It gets so long baby that it might explode
Every time that I check that I attach the rod
What?
I feel like my cock gets so big that it might fuckin' explode
I don't even think it's how jelkin rods work
Sure it is it's a sex thing right
Yeah but it's for lengthening I don't know if it feels good to
Stick a jelkin rod to your penis
Yes it does
Jelkin rod that you stick to your penis is the nicest thing
You know every time that you feel it you're like oh yeah I can feel it grow
I can feel it grow
Now I'm in the know when I like how it feels bro
Is this really all you're gonna do this year April Fool's
I'm tricking everyone right now
I don't know what you guys got you think I'm a guy but I
Here's the real trick I'm actually still a train
Wow hype train you really got us
It's a pretty good prank
I'm figuring out what the prank is but I think it's pretty good
I am actually still a train isn't that nuts
I fuckin' got your ass
You didn't even think that I was a train well actually that's the
I'm glad that he got us before he died
He didn't think anyone again
He never thinks anyone anymore he's always got his own agenda to push
I thought he did a good job about what
A train, train type man stuff
He deserved to die that's dark
That's dark but I guess we all do the great cosmic scythe
Meet us out justice completely evenly and that it meet us out to us all
Well huge thank yous to um
Danksauce
For the 40 months
Giggle trash thank you so much for the 600 holy shit bits
And for summoning Joe Biden
Apple to Apple thank you so much for the 100 bits
Bottle Sprout thank you for the 100
Skymer thank you for the 100 and Giggle trash
Thank you so much for the 5 subs
I'm sorry that you got pranked
You got fooled
Is there ever fools about pranks? No it's about fools
It's different than pranks
They're often combined including by the hype train
But they're separate events pranks and fools
What's the difference? You'll know it when you feel it
It's like porn
I think it's you'll know it when you see it
And when you feel it
Alright let's just run through
Let's just do the headlines today
Let's hit these headlines Jeff
Because there's no way we're going to finish all these segments in like an hour and 15 minutes
Okay sick actually I might have a little more time
I can't be late to the Mario Galaxy movie
If I don't see the beginning I'll have no idea what's going on
April Fool's porn is your favorite genre
Because you think it's not porn
How does, I know the genre you do
You think it's not porn
And then it's not and that's the trick
You're like, you click on it and you're like
They're going to fool me
Because this isn't porn and then it, but then it's just not
And that's the ultimate April Fool's
There's no genre it's just a long instructional video from a
A guy in a hard hat or like a woman holding a pizza
And there's never any porn and that's the fools
I guess that would be a trick on us all
A lady gets stuck in a laundry machine and that's just all that happens
She's just stuck in there
And you're like is she going to die?
And she never gets out
April Fool's
That sounds like a unique spin
On some porn trick
Can you cover the news?
Oh sorry I was thinking about April Fool's porn
April Fool's porn and how genre bending it is
Anyway Iran says it will not reopen
Sorry it will not reopen the straight of our moves
Because of Trump's ridiculous displays
What displays do they even mean?
Well you know he's been on kind of a terror just saying things
Let me type in Trump and Iran
We'll just click on the first one
Let's see what kind of displays he's doing
We've had some very bad allies in NATO
I hope you're all watching that Scott
Because we had some asks
And you know we spend trillions of dollars on NATO
And when we need them, which we never do
We didn't need them here either
To be honest I was really asking
Because I wanted to see what they do
We didn't need them
We blasted the hell out of them
Out of Iran
The last thing I needed was NATO stepping in our way
Because they're not a paper tiger
Oh they are
So we didn't need them but I asked anyway
I wonder where Trump learned the term paper tiger recently
I wonder why he would have been hearing that term
I feel like that's not in his usual lexicon of words
Maybe he's signed up for Miriam Webster's word of the day emails
I bet that's it
I bet the reason the word paper tiger is on his mind
Is because of the Miriam Webster word of the day emails
And I'd just like to say congratulations to the president
On his recent sign up for that
Everything is going to be fine, yeah
We don't need anybody
We're not mad because we wanted you to come over
We're mad because we knew if we asked you to come over you wouldn't
Some classic like weird boyfriend manipulation stuff going on here
Trump is in a relationship that he doesn't want to take that seriously
But honestly it's fucked up that they don't want to take it more seriously
A spoiler for Super Mario everybody
Spoiler alert, skip ahead to this timestamp
In the chat if you don't want to hear this
But Mario stomps Trump and Mario Galaxy
That's a spoiler, yeah
If I'm spreading misinformation it's only because I think that's the job of the news now
So I have to do that whenever I can
His daily breathing is just word of the day emails
That would be a safer one than whatever like hype train style edits they're throwing together of like
Pavarotti singing over bombs going off in Iran
Which I'm assuming is his actual daily briefing but who knows at this point
Anyway, not that any ridiculous displays have been going on
But here's the thing that Marco Rubio said recently
Let's hear that one more time
It got muted, it got muted by
This fucking player again, refresh that real quick
Oh my god it auto-mutes
This one more time
This is so good I needed to hear it several times in a row
It's a really good point
If that country, if that evil
Religiously motivated
Top-down dictatorial leadership style would stop spending so much money on weapons then
Is there even really any, sometimes it's just like is there any point to even saying any of this
What do you mean?
It's just that so obviously
It's just so obviously us
Is that why there's like are they just doing this to fuck with us?
Like there's no need to point out the hypocrisy
It feels like the hypocrisy is the
Must be the point
Or are they actually, is he just not, did he just say that and not
I guess it doesn't matter either way
Anyway, is this, is this like a, is everything just like a real for like
An Adam Curtis documentary?
Is this, are we just clip farming for the future Adam Curtis documentary on the downfall of everything
When the planet is completely destroyed and it's just Adam Curtis in the last editing bay on the planet
Setting a bunch of these clips to
Hurtful atmospheric music
Anyway if you don't know who Adam Curtis is
Then then honestly that's also fine
So that's stuff that's going on in the world
You'll be on the moon
Maybe yeah, maybe that's the plan we go deep enough into space and
You really can run away from your problems
It seems like as good of a plan as any at this point
Okay, let's get into whatever other news has been shared
Before we move on to other things the day
You know who Adam Sessler is
Yeah that and Adam Sessler's Twitter account and Adam Curtis documentary basically the same idea so either one just just
Swap those out if you need to
Okay
Let's see what else we can click on
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Oh my god
There's no escaping the news everyone
Adam Curtis makes sausages he makes hypernormal sausages Adam does ruin everything
Drag for burning vehicle hospitalized after horrifying crash
Is Bob burgers Eugene Meerman. Oh geez
Uh-oh. Oh wow. Uh-oh that looks not good
Oh and he plays this little guy. Okay well resist any urge to make burgers or grilling jokes please
Resist the urge to even reference that being a thing
It's very that seems bad. I hope he's okay
That does seem very bad
Uh thoughts and prayers to Bob's burgers voice actor I guess
Hmm fleetwood Macklege and Lindsay Buckingham has unknown substance poured over him in attack
What are we doing with all of our national treasures burning them pouring things on them
Um Lindsay Buckingham has been attacked by a woman who police have said is a suspected of stalking him you don't say
I thought it might just be a fan that really thought he liked liquids but apparently it's a bad fan
Uh yes well look leave the celebrities alone
If our precious celebrities alone
Bad behavior all around let's warm things up with
RFK news. Oh good. This will make us feel better RFK junior wants Americans to use peptides that were banned over safety risks
Oh good the peptide trend
Does anyone in chat taking peptides? Occasionally I'll walk uh watch
What's that working thing? I want to call it we work there's some YouTube series where a guy walks around New York and he's always standing in front of like the shittiest dumpsters reporting the news
You've probably seen it anyway they did a thing on peptides that I watched recently
Um so I guess a bunch of tech bros take peptides now in case you didn't know and shockingly RFK junior seems to not mind that trend
Uh anti-vaccine health secretary Robert F. Kennedy has long dismissed reams of data on life-saving vaccines
Is pushing the food and drug administration to lift restrictions on dozens of peptide treatments
The treatments have little to no efficacy data behind them and were previously banned by the FDA
But if it's good enough for Peter Thiel and his blood boys it's good enough for all of Americans to just jam into their veins
I think that's the selling point of peptides so if you don't know what peptides are me either and I watched a whole video on it it's
Some kind of supplementy like thing that you inject
It's like alpha brain but for your blood oh good alpha blood yeah yeah you can get some alpha blood going inside you
Get that alpha blood in you ASAP
Thank you for generating with us Hollywood's AI acolytes stay on the hype train
What Star Wars producer Kathleen Kennedy was one of the few skeptics at the runway AI summit where AI was compared to fire and printing presses just a week after Sora's death
Tragically it appears that this article from wired might be price locked but you get the idea you're telling me there's still people riding the air hype train I can't believe that
What is the peptide pod challenge captain
Let me just really quick look up what is a peptide because I feel like I should maybe know this it's a short string of two to 50 amino acids formed by a condensation reaction joining together with covalent blood
An expert at getting various alpha fluids into your body has been requested
I don't know does anybody know about that I mean I'm
I'm fucked with my voice I've not taken my peptide for voice activation today you want to talk to a wolf I'm a basically a wolf in man's skinning
Look I've taken every supplement that the human body can handle I'm a little sad that people are just catching up to peptides I've kind of moved past that shit personally
At this point I'm sort of mostly on um
Alpha bat blood transfusions alpha bat yeah you find the alpha it's basically the Morbius blood diet
It got popularized way after Morbius came out but what we do is it's obviously vampires historically are the strongest predator
So what we do is we take alpha bat blood we inject it into our veins as sort of a pre-workup there's some peptides mixed in there as well
Occasionally just for flavor I'll add like a sort of McDonald's soft serve ice cream I'll just inject that shit into my veins
Why do you need flavor to your blood injections?
I've even done it enough and you'd get it
So anyway alpha bat blood I just call it alpha bat
Some call it alpha buh is sort of like a Oz reference but I don't really get that I thought that show was mostly about sexual assault in prison
My point is there's a wide world of shit you can put in your veins so don't limit yourself to just you know peptides
My advice is really inject anything that's Chet's advice
Thank you as always for your advice Chet thank you for the request for a hearing from Chet
I just lost audio unfortunately
Seeing if I still have my various extension cables but I might not
Oh here we go don't worry everyone
That's not the right thing
Okay here's what I gotta do
I gotta yank out my soul
Then we grab this
Then we do this
We're going old school today I gotta just dangle the cord in front of myself
I thought I'd move past this with my new advanced tech but I have not turned out
Yeah I gotta, this is now a yanking stream
Gonna see if we get the viewership up with a little bit of yanking
You love big tech segments
Yeah this is the high tech stuff
You know I will say if you're ever interested, damn there's no delay now it's crazy
I do have a little bit of an echo in my own ear just so you know
But anyway I got these for like 30 bucks
These little wireless in-ear monitor thingies
So the next time you're thinking of buying a really expensive lob system
The one for 30 bucks off Amazon does actually work
Case black will approved
Go get yourself some elicato transmitters
I wasn't interested in anything you were saying
I'm assuming that's true for most people
And that's fine I've come to accept that
Back to this exciting news
Anyway our case has jam peptides in yourself, Chet says that's good
I think it's okay you're like a little behind the trend
Like you're kind of on that old bullshit
But you know you can't be at the cutting edge
This is how blood fashion works
So I guess just inject what you can get
And I just like to say probably don't inject any stuff into your blood
Without a doctor that you trust expressly telling you to do that
He's such a stick in the mud
He's such a boring asshole
Always fucking raining on everybody's parade
Good thing you can't hear us right now cause we're whispering
It really is cause cases being such an asshole about this
Just raining on our blood parade it sucks
I'm fucking so into jacking stuff in my blood case just came here
And he just shat all over that
Honestly he doesn't even really look like himself there
I can't hear you guys but I'm assuming what you're saying is fine
Good thing whispering works it really does
A tobacco plant altered to produce five psychedelic drugs
What? Genetically engineering tobacco plants could be enabled more sustainable production method for psychedelics
Which are increasingly in demand for research and medical use
Damn I would love to get in on that research
Okay
Well cigarette smoking is cooler than ever
What can you do?
Just when you think the kids aren't gonna want to smoke anymore they keep making it cooler
Can't help it us adults might have to start smoking soon too
San Gabriel Valley sees early surge of tiny black flies that might humanize
What?
What is this?
Come on the news
Is this the bite our eyes?
This can't be
Like ABC7 take it easy on us
Just don't report this okay
Just let us believe that that's not happening
If you're in the San Gabriel Valley I must at this time say look out for the tiny black flies that bite your eyes
They're coming for you
Unfortunately that's all I have time to tell you though no details for you
Yeah you'll figure it out if you're in San Gabriel just look out for the tiny black flies that bite your eyes
If you no longer have eyes it's too late
Give us an on location report
Case I just you know I'm
For your doomsday
I'm not in that valley okay
Okay this is um
Squirrels
Squirrels are vaping
See this is the animal news we can get down with
Squirrels are vaping again the earth is healing
And it's absolutely nuts courtesy of the New York Post I can't credit
I'm reading that just so you know I didn't say that off the cuff it's too good that would be too good to say
I nailed it
The e-cigarette scourge is becoming so virulent that even the squirrels are appearing to be hooked on vaping
Look at this little guy he loves the what is it nut flavored vape
Candy nut flavored whatever would have squirrels vape flavor B
I think eight acorns
That sucks case that sucks that you couldn't think of something better than that
What do you want me to say
There's another squirrel vaping
Or eating a crayon
I can't confirm and here's a squirrel eating a nut
This one's this is what we like to call the loser squirrel. That's not cool
That's what we like to call that
It's not that cool to vape as a squirrel case give you do you hear what you're saying
Do you even hear yourself you're right it all the cool squirrels do vape
Alright
A little bit more here let's do two two we'll do three more
We'll do three more and then we will move on
Uh okay
What the fuck
Oh my god these sites are the worst
Why the right is transvestigating Erica Kirk and Sydney Sweeney
One of these things is arguably not like the other
I mean that's an active argument unfortunately
For certain paranoid slices of the internet a cabal of secretly trans celebrities and public figures has been operating right under our noses
And would you believe that two of those are
Erica Kirk and Sydney Sweeney
Is this because of that what's his face release that video where he was doing Erica Kirk face
I should remember his name if I'm gonna reference the video but maybe people got confused and
Okay, anyway, that's a yes on any day though to be fair you could write any article about anyone getting
transvestigated
Which unfortunately is a term that I guess I know the meaning of
Is everything April fools. Yes, it has been an extended April fools
We're hoping to get out of April fools by 2028
But you know
It's a soft target we unfortunately the April fools could continue through 2030. Well, we'll see we'll see what reality has in store for us
Druski
Druski is the one that was doing the Erica Kirk face you can go check that video yourself if you haven't seen it
It's pretty disturbing looking and honestly fairly accurate to how she looks so
It's close enough I guess I would say
Speaking of in what sense a penis curve DTF st. Louis puts
Peyronies disease front and center
What
There's a lot going on in DTF st. Louis
I don't know what that is so let's take it all from the top
Oh, it's an HBO limited series that revolves around three people who fuck I guess I'm just gonna I'm gonna paraphrase here without knowing any of the context
The uniformly excellent Jason Bates Jason Bateman David Harbour and Linda Cardellini
David Harbour in a show about fucking
Based on the various rumors about who makes a lot of sense what that he fucks well, I guess that he cheats a lot
But I mean look at him of course
He just can't stop fucking I kind of get it
He gets it someone Floyd is dead again. A lot of last boilers
And someone has a penis curve look the story this there's a show on HBO about fucking and someone has a penis curve and there's a disease related to your penis being curved
You know what I'm gonna say that's good enough. I don't know if any of what you just said is true
But it sounds about right. That's the story. All right. We don't have time for this
I have to move on man real news to end us off
Judge Haltz construction on Trump's White House Ballroom. Well, you know what maybe that's the feel-good story we all need
Diamond and Edwards have been covering the White House Ballroom project and they've reported
Still not used to him doing that. It's just how he eats. That's how Pepito eats
Lily Allen's last album wasn't great for David Harbour
I mean the reason I know about David Harbour's various activities is because of Kendall telling me about Lily Allen's album
But I don't really like to get the celebrity gossip but
Based on the things Kendall told me he doesn't seem to be the most upstanding guy I guess I'll put it that way
That's his business to be fair. It is his business although Lily Allen kind of made it everybody's business a little bit
I mean mostly I think of him as a proud father of an ego-eating psychic
But maybe I should think of him as a sex guy. Notorious sex guy David Harbour
Anyway a federal judge has ordered a Haltz to construction of President Donald Trump's White House Ballroom
Ruling that Trump lacks authority to fund the estimated $400 million ballroom
And that's just you know
Without in this non-abundant America with all this red tape you just can't get anything built anymore
Isn't that sad guys? It's so sad all the red tape we put around our $400 million ballroom construction projects for the White House
What are they going to do with the secret military caves they were supposed to put under it?
Can you stop saying hallucinatory things? No that's a thing the president said
The president said that they're going to put military installations under the ballroom
In fact he said that it was a shell for a military installation under the White House
I wish I was making that up. Okay I guess a bunker
Bunker has been there since FDR but she even went there a few times. I mean I know there's a bunker under it
I'm just saying the president said something slightly different than that it was just a bunker
But it's not on me to tell you exactly what he said. Yes it is you're supposed to be doing the news
It's not on me Jeff
There's too many segments to get to that aren't quite the news
So let's do one of them. I don't even remember who's supposed to be in it but I think we're supposed to do it Town Hall
In fact let me scroll way way down here
Way way down
The debate was demanded. Jeffery thing and an everything bagel has been requested so
No time like the present. Let's send it to another
Town Hall. It's good to be back everybody
Back in the Town Hall stew
It's the only place I say the word stew
It's the only time I'm allowed to
Okay
You can send us your comments with exclamation point TH
Everybody settle the fuck down you're going crazy
Oh my god they are so excited for the Town Hall
Me too obviously
But jeez guys take it easy
I can't live up to this amount of applause. Wow you just love it so much
Okay, okay, okay settle down settle down
Settle down
And then go fucking crazy because our guests are here. Yeah
That guy's already ready to go
Don't ask your question yet sir
Joining us all the way from
I'm assuming a recording studio or something probably surrounded by back black flies it's jevrything
Yeah I'm here
Get excited I understand I understand. Yeah I'm actually here
Yeah
Also joining us because it was requested and everything bagel
I'm very busy so can we make this quick
The crowd loves it
The crowd loves the everything bagel
I'm very busy please hurry
I'm very busy please hurry
It's not even everything
Maybe it's definition of everything is different everybody settle down
We gotta get into the questions
Okay yes
Pikachu guy you've been waiting patiently what's your question
Cream cheese or butter
No neither
Leave me alone
I am everything
I
Contain all
Sounds like crackhead yogi bear
Can you sound like something else that's hard to listen to and maybe hard on
Imagining talking that way hurts my voice
No I am everything bagel
I will take everything
Can you also maybe have a different idea that's from the plot of everything everywhere all at once they already did that
That was based on me
I like I don't really I can't eat cream I also can't eat cheese I also can't eat a bagel
And I can't eat butter so I guess just
I'll go with or
Can I go with or like the word
Out of those three options
Oh yeah that's fine to everything great amazing question thank you so much for your question
And
Yes next next question please
Oh yes I love your look
Yes
I'm Byron know I am and I'm a more everything woman than you will ever be
Um yeah let's your
Let's your
I'm in an energy lead you
I'm a pretty masculine dude myself so
Like I can't super relate but
I am woman everything
I am bagel
Are you also I am everything
I am more
Okay that's fine yes thank you for your
Statement
I saw this video where case was a human action figure is he a toy is he a man is he a team man oi
No that's your problem
No I don't I don't really know I don't watch cases stuff
Sorry that's cruel because seeing as you're on my network technically your network
It's part of a part of a network here everything everything I'm a man
I'm not a toy I'm a man you are toy everything is toy to everything
Everything bagel I don't like your vibe I am vibe I am everything
Okay thank you for a question about me that's nice to nice to be considered thank you
Hey bagel are you cool with a dude with pierogi's disease where your dick looks like pierogi's
Yes my dick is everything my pierogi is dick all become bagel
Um I have a question for the bagel I guess so
That's his answer that's his answer I guess we're in a good question I would have answered it but that was
More like a butthole bagel
Yes I am butthole I am bagel
I am bagel I am everything a good question
Okay but can we please have a skatepark
Case that's the bagel the bagel is everything
Yes I am skatepark
Okay bagel that's not helpful but thank you for your question
Yes you there sad man
The man with the sad eyes yes
Are you the most New York favorite after the smell of garbage in the summer
Yes I am loved and ate I am the most hated and the most loved I am your bagel I am also I am everything's almost a pizza
I'm also lingering regret after you
I've never felt that everyone has felt that
I don't what was the question
Um I am New York's most favorite I think I think I'm really making a lot of inroads in New York
I don't think you can assume that the question is about you everything bagel
I am everything actually today I am jelly beaming
But I am also everything and you can't take that from me where are you on uniques
Okay everyone is unique everyone is like a mass produced toy but with their own little defect that's how I think of it
That's really deep everything we got to keep it moving on thank you for your question
Are there russians on an everything bagel
Yes yes there's more than you can ever comprehend those infinite russians
There's infinite sadness there's infinite strength there's the entire plot of catamari
Gamma see the video game
That's a game where a guy rolls up everything but he does not roll up me I was already everything
Okay
I'm just gonna say yes I'm gonna say yes to that
I'm gonna say yes to that
He's sorry my question is toast or a Texas toast
What did you say at the beginning there yeah what was that at the top drip Goku
I know what he said I
Because you know everything you're getting it
I'm also drip Goku we are one
You don't look much like drip Goku I do like drip Goku's look more than yours I am every look
Your main look is bagel
I gotta agree with
Everything here you'd mostly look like I am more I'm do you even believe that anymore everything bagel yes
If you're everything well is all your seeds and seasonings sorry this question is for jevrigin
Thank you. That's a really good question
I did have
Salt replacement done
To my bone marrow
It's where you have
Large amounts of the salt that they used to clear roads after a snowstorm
Injected into your blood to dissolve out the bad marrows so that you have clean marrows which leads to clear skin
So I guess you could say
In a sense many of my seasonings are in my bones
Because my bones are now about 30% salt
To answer your question. Thank you so much
Thank you so much. I prefer cinnamon swirl bagels at the bleep out of here
I am also that you look like a plain bagel you really do
I'm also cinnamon swirl I'm everything
Maybe you're just a
Like white bread bagel question. I don't think she's as much to say to you
Sorry
Because she's not into not into talking to bagels
See L get you get it
What
Think she said say I'll get you gadget. I ate her mother. I don't perform on command
But if you're every if you're everything then wouldn't you?
Also be the phrase I'll get you gadget
But you also be that
But can you be a phrase if you're everything you don't understand what it's like to be everything I don't I don't I
Don't think a one bagel can be everything
You'd be nice if you would just say it I'll get everything
I put my own spin on it. Just say the fucking phrase they asked you to yeah, it's weird that you won't say it
I don't perform on command. Why not you're everything? Yeah if you're everything then nothing should really there should be no distinction here
You would have already said it in a sense maybe I did but
And a different time at a different time if you're everything aren't you also all the time all wrapped up into one bagel
Did you even see the movie that you seem to be ripping off?
I'll get you gadget you fucking said it. I knew you would I knew he would break
I knew he'd break you got nervous and that's not something that everything does and I should know I'm Jeff everything
Why are you guys getting up on me? Are we cuz if you're everything then we you're ganging up on yourself
Are either of you Danish? Yes, I
mean
I'm pretty sure I had my I don't think I have a race anymore
You look pretty white everything I that's what I thought too, but I had blood rigged on and my race came back as bleach
Which I think is the absence of things
My race was bleach
That's what it came out at 23 in me done and it came back as 100% bleach
Did you put bleach in your DNA like and did you spit?
You put bleach on the swab. I just spit on the swab like everybody else
And I ripped it in my parts
All right good question. Thank you. I guess everything bagel is Danish
Yes, you there
Man in this with the silly shirt
Is the existence of nothing considered something and being everything includes something there for you are nothing
Yes to what part yeah, what are you give us a more specific? Yes?
If you don't get it is cuz you're not
Everything so feels like a cop feels like a pretty big cop-out answer
Is it is existence of nothing considered something I think personally that if the absence
To where there to be absence that implies existence and so it's sort of it's a contradiction with no answer and
That essentially a reality is based on contradictions and the human mind can't cover in them
But that doesn't mean that they don't exist for instance
instance what for instance
Okay, well anyway, everything had a better answer for you than everything bagel who's supposedly everything
Oh, I was deeper here to think about it. I don't know
Did the everything bagel receive the prize after defeating the kergin yes, what's the kergin?
It's what it's yes, what's the kergin though?
Everything bagel can you answer for me so that our guest doesn't have to yeah, what's the kergin? I beat it
What is it though? I beat it and I don't have to tell you why wouldn't you tell me if you're everything?
Why wouldn't you tell me yeah, why won't you just give a straight answer is everything bagel?
Everything bagel are you gluten-free and if you're everything do you also contain gluten?
free
free
Free everything bagel
Although you understand the problem. It's possible
It's possible use you said it to everything we exist within the contradictions
Well, yeah, but I mean I don't know that doesn't really feel like
That related to what I was saying. It feels more like a specifically you think now you
um, I
Just had a rebel you can be an odd gluten everything bagel
Yeah, you could it's everything bagel is just a seasoning man. It's just a seasoning type it's question
They like that answer every disappointment bagel
What how did you just say to me?
How did you every disappointment bagel? Oh you said it more clearly
Yeah, I guess I would have conclude every disappointment as well
That's fine. I feel like we should wrap this up. I'm really disappointed in this bagel me too
I'm you're a I hate to do this to a guest, but you're a huge letdown
Thank you for joining us on the stream. I'm everything bagel
We're doing a town hall where you can ask me any question you want and
I'll answer it. I'm in everything bagel. I'm everything. I'm jev everything. I'm a musician and I'm the guy who stream it is
And it's not that confusing
What we're doing isn't that weird if you if you give it a minute
Anyway, thank you to Bruce Green for the raid. Thank you. I am a bagel
Mm-hmm. This is a town hall where you can ask questions in this case to this
Musician named jev everything and jev everything and to this everything bagel. I'm everything the everything bagel is a gluten-free plain bagel
That's not true
Anyway, thank you for stopping by if you're just passing through that's fine, too and Bruce. Thank you so much for the raid
We'll take a question though. Oh P shock. Thank you so much for the follow. Do appreciate it
Next question, please
We got your question sir next question, please
If you were going to kill Superman in the late 70s or early 80s, what would you use?
Toaster that seems like it's disrespectful to yourself
Bruce thanks again for the raid the bagel is trying to get him, but he's been a huge
He's been a huge let down. Sorry. We were saying that when you when you showed up. He's been a
He just has not been everything at all
What was the question I got so distracted by the bagels answer why you guys being this cruel to me
What did I do? I just feel like you misrepresented yourself and we got a big raid and now there's just this bagel
That's not even really in everything bagel
If I was gonna kill Superman in the late 70s or early 80s, what would I use Sam Bible?
Thank you so much for the raid ooh a Bible because does that kill Superman is Superman weak to Bible
Why would he be weak to Bible? I don't know it Sam Bible's name made me me me think of it. I
Killing with a Bible I
Get him and I get him involved in like a
Evangelical church and it would take up most of his time
That'd be how I would stop Superman you just get him involved in a in like a mega church
Because he can he's like a miracle so everybody'd be going crazy for him to be like oh my god
It's a guy's basically God or whatever and then and take up all of his time. I
Guess that makes as much sense as the bagels answer. It was what I would use a toaster. It's more thematic to me
I'm a bagel okay bagel next question a great question. Thank you so much for the question
Yes, you there dog dog. Don't be that one. They've a team again. Could you eat pizza on its team?
If you can if pizza were on a bagel
Everything bagel could you eat pizza anytime?
Please respect the dog's question here and also there's a chat poll
So respect that as well everything bagel you should be able to handle this as everything
The poor says chat would you kill Superman in the 80s?
How would how would they do it? I said I did the church and I said a toaster
But now you're ignoring the dog's question
With pizza we're on everything bagel. Could you eat pizza at any time every time would be the bagel?
Because it is an everything bagel so pizza would be all time and so pizza all the time
Play my music I am everything I
How's that oh shoot? I didn't see who won the poll about Superman because everything bagel was so busy
Grandstanding. What do you want from me?
Be everything bagel. I'm trying
Just what doesn't have a theme yet. That's true
Regonomics one that could get them. I think Reaganomics could beat Superman. I think it's probably better than Bible or toaster
That baby listening to answer Bible was better than toaster. Thank you for your question excellent question dog
Well, yes, you there handsome
Everything baby, everything baby everything if and everything baby could everything and everything baby excellent question
What's your answer everything everything you have a better answer than that um
How much everything bagel would an everything bagel everything if an everything bagel could everything and everything bagel
It's got to be better than everything. I think six. Okay. I like that answer more. Why are you?
It just I don't know it feels more honest to me than what you said everything bagel great question
If somebody were to ever truly take their time appreciating the rich history of looney tunes
I think they can also appreciate what films they were originally paired with and they're rightful places a footnote in the history of
Vita phone varieties as a whole I
Agree I also do agree more of a statement than a question, but I agree
Thank you. Yeah, it's a really great point
And honestly pretty hot guy
Yes, you there
Need to be toasted and buttered. I am already toasted and buttered and I'm so unbuttered and untouched
I am everything I agree. I think you'd be more interesting with a little more flavor and
Even butter would be more flavor is butter a flavor. I think so. It's a jelly bean. I
Think if it's a jelly bean it counts as a flavor. Thank you to everything. I think it's a good point
Just a couple more questions here who watches the watchmen me. Oh come on. I
Guess I'd everything bagel could
old dookie old dookie Thomas. Thank you so much for the follow and
obligate obligated sloth I
Wanted to call you obligate the sloth for some reason, but thank you for the follow. I am obligated sloth
I am old dookie Thomas. I am
Sorry, so my old vocal cord. I didn't mind my voice
Raised a couple octaves with this procedure. This is I used to sound like I used to sound like this
Really? I used to have a really deep voice, but I got it fixed thankfully next question, please
Will I ever find love? Absolutely. It's out there for everyone love does not exist
Compressing of everything love is not a consideration
That sucks. I think love is everything actually. I
Actually think love is jevry thing jevry thing is jevry thing. That's beautiful jevry thing. Thank you so much
for
Come
So bad at reading names. I don't know case you could work on that
Fress common in
Apologies if I said that wrong
But thank you for the follow you have followed
In the presence of
I
Got you bring my old voice out so nice
You're setting jevry thing you're bringing his vocal cords out
Which he got removed for a reason everything bagel. Thank you for the incredible question you will find love
I believe in you next question, please. Yes
Yes, you there. How should they come with me to an a shunk and cut sorry if you are why did you keep delaying tests?
They say if you are everything, why do you keep delaying GTA 6? It's not delayed
It's arriving right on time
in the sense
everything
In the sense that everything come on in the sense that everything it's arriving right on time
Thank you for your question. I'm sorry you didn't get a straight answer
This is the last one. Yes, you there little bear. I've got nothing you've got nothing little bear this is a test
That's his voice. I guess that's his voice. It's a test
This was a test
That's all we got I guess that's all that everything bagel has for us. Is that everything everything bagel?
Well, I mean honestly, I am very busy, but I I do appreciate all the fans. I appreciate all of you out there
Yes, yes, yes, I understand you need to applaud I get it. I get it, but I don't have time to stay for it
I gotta go I can stay that's fine. Everything bagel you can go. I have more time. I can stay I have all the time
I'm no you can go. Oh
Good thing. I have an eject button back here. He would not have left
Okay, that'll do it for now
Let's send it to the next segment an endless cavalcade of segments forever
That's how this stream works
I
Guess let's get Joe Rogan out of the way
That's right. If you're just joining us for the first time
Boy, are you in luck because we also have access to the Joe Rogan on this stream
It almost never works at first and and then it arguably just never works
But anyway, he's here. It's time for the Joe Rogan experience
the Joe Rogan experience
but he
Gave me I seem to be a floating snapchat thing
There anyway, we can fix that I
See him just be a floating snapchat ghost any chance that getting better
ever
He's sort of nice
If I was a floating snapchat ghost
Oh, I see what's happening
We Jamie can you get permission for me to exist played?
Please
Goddamn
Hmm. It might have to try some alternate means
Uh
Damn it
Okay, look Jamie's fucking up so hard that we're gonna just set it to the other things that are on the stream
So we're gonna set it to debate
But I'll be back. I'm Joe Rogan. I'm not a ghost. I'm not a snapchat ghost
I'm a real guy and I and we're gonna figure this out. We're gonna figure this out
Give me one the Joe Rogan experience
It's so fucked up what they did my friend my close personal friend Joe Rogan there and Joe Rogan there
They played him so dirty. I know for a fact, you know, Joe's an extremely hard-working and
Real guy that's that exists on this stream and so sad when they cut off his voice like that
Why is Joe Rogan even a thing on this stream? It doesn't really make sense. He's got his own
Podcast where he has his accurate political opinions that he sprays out of his feted mouth
I don't know why we need it here as well. That is the type of slander that
That he has to deal with all the time is just so sad that what that poor beleaguered Joe Rogan has to deal with
Anyway, I'm much and I am Leonard Crumb and this is munching crumb where you shut the debate and then we
Mouth it with our
Weesh and then we debate it
You're so determined to say the premise of this thing is lame just let them figure it out on their own
They'll see me destroy you verbally with my verb and not even jousting. It's a verbal execution
I'm a fucking executioner's acts of words upon your little head every time
The point is we just we just debate whatever topic chat request which today is should Joe exist
Should Joe exist? I
Guess you're on the side of probably not huh?
Given all the horrible things you had to say about our dear friend the real Joe Rogan
Shoot we're tied on the plane count so I don't know who gets to pick first
Me in the event of a tie which should never exist. I'm always ahead. I get to pick
Well you did get the first plane I guess of course Joe should exist
How awful to even suggest that Joe Rogan should not exist, but we're tied again
I have to argue for a man not existing
Well look, then let's be clear. I'm not arguing for his death. I'm arguing that he should never have existed in the first place
I think that's only fair
That's even worse. You want to strike him from existence itself? Yes
I think we should go to the core of existence and from the source code that generates all reality removed Joe Rogan
And I'm willing to defend that position. Yes
What an awful thing to say about our dear friend Joe Rogan
Why are you laughing while you shade if it's so awful because it's just ridiculous
That's so that a little bug like you a little mosquito little Nat on the asshole of life could ever
Come for the giant that is Joe Rogan
News radio wouldn't have been the shame it would have been better is my argument, but hey, we'll get there
There's a mod that can make that a bit. I'm in the decided if nah Joe Rogan shouldn't exist and I will defend
onto my the heat death of the universe
The existence of one Joe Rogan is a guy that should get to exist
Awful what you're saying
My gosh
It's a hypothetical. Okay. I'm not I don't have the power to strike Joe Rogan from existence personally
The pull failed
It it should show exist is the question
Look you don't have to agree with the politics of someone to think that they have the right to exist as like an
Entity in the universe. All right, you probably don't agree with every exoplanet out there
Some of them you would have dissolved your skin would instantly dissolve on that exoplanet
But should the planet exist? Yeah, there's a lot of room out there in infinity for a Joe Rogan to slither
His way into your brain and never be removed. All right, and just accept that look there's a there's probably in the
Infinite cosmos the everything bagel of this cosmos there is probably some existence where there is no Joe Rogan
And I think it's a worse existence. All right
How would you ever know that you can sort of do DMT and have your mind expanded but actually change none of your opinions at all?
How would you know that that's an option if Joe Rogan wasn't there to send you on a psychedelic trip of non-discovery
Where you basically feel the exact same way that you did when you were 20 about everything I
Think that's a real service and I think he should continue to exist forever. I'm adding him to the immortality train
I just think you'd essentially lose nothing at this point. I'm not even convinced Joe Rogan does exist
I think he's basically a husk puppeted by the opinions of a very specific type of guy who does DMT and votes for Donald Trump
Basically someone who did sports in high school
flirted around with liberalism in their 20s
Before having kids making some money and settling right back into conservatism
And sort of pantomimeing self-discovery
While learning absolutely nothing making the same mistake infinitely and offering no value to anyone other than a
simulacrum of their own stupid opinions force fed back into them permanently
by the
dumbest possible
Injection method which is Joe Rogan's podcast you'd learn you'd lose nothing
By striking it from existence and I wish that it was gone and I wish he was gone
No, the other on my side actually
Whoa, that was a fun one
Those are fun one sorry Joe we're pals Joe and I are actually pals so you understand this is all just part of it
You and Joe Rogan are friends. Yeah, we're kind of pals
I you know, I'm supposed to be on the pod everyone so just I want Joe to understand
We're just spitballing here. We're just throwing ideas back and forth. You're a lot to exist
We're just pale
You can't even stand behind that for two seconds
Like you said infinities are it's a big concept
There's room for a lot of contradictory ideas just like that bagel was saying earlier
Don't get everything bagel pilled on this stream in front of me
That bagel was a gluten-free everything bagel that bagel was a fraud and that's who you're throwing your lot in with what you're saying is very
Confusing if you think about it. It's it's gotten very abstract. So
I'm gonna I'm gonna hit the ignore button on what you're saying. You can't do that to me
I'm hitting the ignore button what you're saying is too abstract. I'm hitting ignore
We have some comments to get to okay
How much bagel could an everything bagel if an everything bagel could bagel everything a
Question that was posed earlier and I don't think it got a Shattish factory answer
Can you turn your music your music is very loud right now my music is just loud enough actually
How much bagel could an everything bagel if an everything bagel could bagel everything?
I do think the answer is everything. I think the bagel had a fair answer
I can't believe you watch that bagel segment. I was busy texting models or something or something
I was busy doing adult stuff and you were watching a segment about a bagel. It was on the stream
I think the correct answer is everything now everything was right the answer is six
Why?
It's a sacred number. This sucks. Can we talk to trip instead? I?
Don't know which segment you're referring to but I guess the answer was no
Best exercise in zero G
jelking
There's no limit on the amount of stress you can put on it in zero G
Because there's no gravity to weigh it down
That's incorrect. That's factually very your
Promoting dangerous ideas here. There's always a limit to how hard you can gel no matter the gravity
You can jump as hard as you want in space. No one can hear you junk in space
Joe are you okay? It looks so dark. I don't know if Joe's okay. I don't know what happened with that whole thing
What happened with that whole thing? I don't know why Joe became a snapchat ghost, but he did
Um
Kendall called case but then hung up immediately
Can we have Joe Rogan punch crumb in the dick? No
Although he's a practitioner of gorilla mind so
There may be that cow actually could we do him instead is that an option in seven actual gorilla punching me in the
Dick for those who don't know Joe Rogan is gonna punch
Wait no gorilla is supposed to punch crumb in the dick because he lost it one of his many bets that he's lost
Did I even lose a bet? Oh wait. No, you lost a court case and your legal punishment is getting punched in the dick by a gorilla
When you say it like that it doesn't make any sense. So I feel like that can't be an actual thing
Joe Rogan is a gorilla that's
Giving him too much credit gorillas are extremely powerful shut up crumb finally a statement I can agree with
No
See you're just text on screen and I got a whole voice here that I can use it like I want
So how about no
Did you just get your voice stolen?
Did you just get overconfident and now you've been cursed not even a whisper?
I just kidding. Fuck you. Oh my god. I got your stupid ass. No, that's an April Fool's. I haven't been cursed
I didn't think you were cursed. I don't think you're important enough to get cursed
You're the one who suggested it
You just couldn't commit to the bit you fucking loser you bad because you need to talk so bad
No, it was a April Fool's general slit. That's not appropriate to write dude just came
Obligated sloth gets it. I didn't do a cop
I did not do a cum. That was an April Fool's
Thought on did Byron home go too big?
I
Don't know in case be a little gorilla punch crumb in the dick using Joe
I'm not laughing that's a bad idea
You did laugh at it because it would be funny to see your penis destroyed by a battering ram Joe Rogan carried by a gorilla
Just admit it. It's a bad idea and we're not doing it
That's it. That's all the comments
That's all the time. I'm the one who says this all the time. We have this is my show. It's literally our show really
Cuz I only name I see that's not behind myself is much my name is behind me sort of
Offset it's my show what I I
Don't even care don't talk over me. I don't even care it
That's actually all the time we have is what I was gonna say so
We're moving on to
We're gonna have to save the last one for later
Unfortunately, maybe case can figure out what's wrong with Joe Rogan. We can do that really fast
But that's gonna be it for this for now for now for it this for it
That's it for now for now for this for it for now for this for it. That's it for now
Thank you brother follows. Thank you for the
The victory that you laid at my feet as usual I won
Hey, I it was my victory
I
Let the record show that he lied again. I'm pretty sure I won this one. So
Feels great to win as usual and we will be back
Friday probably right now. We're sending it to case to is gonna save more stuff. I guess do a little magic over here
Kendall you're on the stream. I'm about to get off it though. Kendall. Are you there? Can you hear me?
Yeah
Kendall listen up Jack
Skimmer just like a jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
Why are we talking about Kristen gnomes husband's big fake boobies that stuff? I
Actually don't know that
one
Kendall can you hear me?
Hello, hello, I'm on the stream, but I'm about to get off so that I can go to this movie
I have a request yes
Can you bring me one of my small purses cuz I forgot to bring a purse cuz I completely forgot about this movie
So I can do that. Do you want the smallest possible purse? Do you want a tiny purse?
Well, like one of the purses on the desk is like that green one or like the maroon one any of those will work
Okay, sounds good. Yeah, I'm heading there early because I got off work early
Congrats
Thank you. That's great news
All the information I have
Okay, that's lovely
Okay
We'll see you soon. Thank you
Listen up Jack give a trash just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
Man, I do love a plain white bag of dry nothing on a hot summer day
It makes me weak in the knees Jack and tall glass of room temp water
And that does sound pretty good mr. Prez
That sounds like some pretty good stuff guys. I don't know why I can't get a
Old Joe old Joe are here to show up
But I can't gonna have to
Gonna have to figure it out
Because I have a contractual deal with Joe Reagan that he's got to show up when I say so
So pretty messed up that he's not being there. We'll do the segment though
Even though it's no longer in the request pipeline on Friday. We're definitely doing trip here
But we'll also I'll figure out our pale Joe by then okay wait
What's going on with Kristi Noem's husband because there's been several references to it and I'll level with you guys I've
not
Caught up on that at all
Uh Kristi Noem husband Kristi Noem's bimbo vacation. Oh
It's all snapping into focus for me all of these comments are now snapping
Strongly into focus. Oh
No
Noem's kinky bimbo vacation husband threatens to tell all geez
Just when you think the depths of 4chan aren't gonna come crawling out of the of elected officials
There you go
The term bimbo vacation for the record not just cross-dressing that's fine. It's always bimbo vacation. I guess but
Kristi Noem's husband has said he intends to share his side of the story after photos leaked of his secret cross-dressing life
Wait the story is somehow price locked the times
I need to find a open access version of this
Okay, here we go the bimbo vacation didn't take well. He's you know you bimbo up and bimbo down
It's like a son. It's like a transformation summon
When a scandalous set of photographs reporting to show the former husband secretary of homeland security secretary Kristi Noem
Republished online the webcam model Lydia Love recognized them instantly. I definitely remember his face
But there's no way I could ever forget his fake chest
Love who uses the stage name told the times of her online interactions with Byron Noem
Earlier this week the Daily Mall published photos of Byron Kristi's husband of 34 years
Seemingly wearing a large pair of fake breasts under a tight top and a pair of hot pants
Okay, I think I know where to go to find these I had to guess I can probably just type this
Into the search bar in Twitter and we'll get hopefully not
The pictures of his penis. Let me just double check that
Byron Noem
We don't know they weren't his natural heavies. That's true. Come on. I need better pics than this
As people are having some fun at the expense of Byron here
It's not his fault that his natural heavies couldn't convince his wife to stop being a
Cartoonish despot these pics suck. Is this the only pic we got?
Because this is barely doing it for me
All right, here we go. This is not this is the daily beast in all of its ad filled glory. There's the husband
There's the wife there they are together
Where's the natural there there we go and I even show this on stream
Oh my god, this is pretty lazy bimbification
Like the blank face is a rough addition
To these big naturals
Cp Cronin thank you for the follow
Sorry, they had to follow over this
This honestly disrespect to the bimbification community
You call this bimbo?
Look how serious he looks. This isn't a this is these aren't bimbo eyes here
This is the thousand yard stare of a man who's seen too much
Where's the joyous naivete of a true bimbo?
I'm offended on behalf of bimbos everywhere that this man is masquerading as a bimbo
If anything the natural heaviness is in his soul and not on his huge chest
Jesus christ
This is
What is this shot? Who is this for?
This is him now. This is this is more bimbo than the chest stuff
This is giving bimbo way stronger than his attempted bimbo photos
He should stick to this if he wants to be a real bimbo
Then they used to be so here he is when he was young and beautiful
Will you still love him when by renome was young and beautiful
God these lights are so shitty. They should have such a heavy drop-down so you can't even look at these terrible photos
USA everybody USA
He should think we should uh, he should think gnome for all of the memories together
Are they still together? Are they getting a divorce? Is this enough to break up a lovely young couple like the gnomes?
She must have known about his bimbo lifestyle. She was the one that had to deal with his bimbo s 24 7
Oh sway, how's it going?
Oh sway have you seen this?
Have you seen have you seen byron gnomes heavy naturals?
No, I was unaware
You've seen this okay, uh, there's one with the dog in the closet too, which I found
Very uh, very funny given the this this is a brutal shot. That's a brutal shot. This is a brutal shot
Guys, so sway is here because we got to go see a movie
It's movie time. We're chilling. I'm I'm going with you. Are you going with me?
Yeah, yeah, I'm chilling. I'm here. We should probably leave though, right because it's
Five o'clock. Yeah, I'll take forever to get there. Mm-hmm. Okay. Let's find a raid real quick
Let's hit a raid now that we've seen everything that there is to see that was a lot. I was a lot
I don't it's exactly exactly what I want to see before going to see yeah
I gotta go see mario now so that I feel safe. Yeah
I need to go see the true bimbo luigi
Bimbo luigi is gonna save us
All right, everybody. Thank you to bruce for the raid. Thank you for the new follows
Whoever felt like it. Thank you the swab sir for the follow just uh two minutes ago
And thank you to by renome for somehow
End the universe for somehow making me miss that story until the end of this stream
I guess it's been in the news for a couple days shows you how on the pulse I am
As a true news man, I save it for the news. That's where I gotta learn the news
All right, I'll hit you guys with a review of um
Mario galaxy the everything bagel of mario movies
When uh when we stream on friday for anyone who's still sticking around who's actually new to the stream
I guess that's possible. We stream monday wednesday friday here
Sometime between three and six we do kind of shorter streams for the sanity of everyone
You don't want to hear me babble for too long. Um
And we'll be back on friday at that time
Area in that area of time
Santa razz for us have a lovely
Uh rest of your wednesday if you see the mario galaxy movie, let me know how bimbo luigi is
Let let us know in the comments how bimbo is luigi
And uh, we'll see you soon. Okay. Bye everybody
Wow