I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Hello everybody.
Good to see you all.
Oh, we're doing a how-to today, that's exciting.
Also exciting we see Uncle Phil, Citrix, Greg to you, Mighty Oz, Daggon, Twitch, Apple
to Apple, Shaggy, Jay, Money, Citrix, Lady, Citrix, Tony for 7MSG, any daddy!
Others John, Michael, great to see ya.
Munch and Crumb need to debate whether Candy Corn is the superior Halloween candy.
Which Candy Corn?
Or just a get against everything else?
Oh my god.
There's also an immediate hype train.
Hype train, are you there?
Are you around?
Hype train, you up?
I'm thinking I'm up.
Oh geez.
This is a chaotic start to things.
Oh no.
Are you actually bothered by that, Vapito?
Nope.
I don't actually care at all.
Uh, Malo Cream Pumpkins or Dope?
I don't think I've ever had a Malo Cream Pumpkin.
That's because you are un-conquered.
Slaaah.
Don't do my face.
Don't do my ass for me, you son of a bitch.
Sorry about that.
I get excited too.
Oh geez.
There's a lot of stuff out there.
A lot of people have paid for their stuff.
Thanks for all the stuff, guys.
It's bits and subs usually.
And stuff.
Thanks for slathering all this stuff on my undercarriage.
The stuff you give it.
And I appreciate it because it keeps my undercarriage so lubed up.
They're even superior candy as peanut butter cups.
Don't change the subject case.
I'm talking about my wet under train.
I don't really want to know about that.
I'm not sure.
Well, but it's what we're talking about.
Waco's Art Goes What I'm Talking About.
That's why they've been subscribed for the coming up.
Not one.
Not one and a half years.
Not one year and eight months.
Not a month.
It's two years.
Okay.
Uh, the pitot's getting cheesed up.
Everything is happening.
Waco's Art Thank You So Much For The 24 Months.
Dag it on Twitch.
Also, not one.
Not two.
Not one.
Not one.
Not one.
Not one.
Not two.
But two years.
Like this.
Yeah.
Missed you in darling.
Game is a shout out.
That's nice.
And also, I believe you missed the sub yesterday, Case.
Both from a union, phenomenon, keep up the good voicemails.
And Case not even shouting that out.
It's a, it's confusing time on the call-in show.
And also, Spartan, three-three-three-three-three-three-three months.
Not one.
Not three.
But three months.
I love to count.
Anyway, we're going to get into the news today.
Don't let all this stuff that's happening confuse you, even though I
feel like that's the hype trade's intention.
My intention is to spread love and, uh, get with my girlfriend.
You're dating the panther?
Okay
Okay
I don't think they subscribe because of the things you're currently saying hype train
I just feel like there's got to be a better way to start this stream
That's where you're wrong again
The love songs aren't usually fast type train what do you want to love beat
She followed the tracks to the back
She goes she plays different music
Okay, I'm gonna cut I just don't think this counts as a love song
Differently
I don't think Pappito necessarily likes it. Oh, I like it. I'm into it
Oh
Pappito Pappito likes it
This is a really bad
instrumental
Also like to point that out. It's just full of really unpleasant noises
Okay, well look I'd love to listen to you talk about I haven't who you're dating now
Pappito is that true? No, he is lying about that. I do not
experience feelings in that way
I train I
Gotta cut you off your line
He's just nervous to come to get public with it
It actually it's one of those celebrity relationships where our manager told us that it was in the best interest for our careers
But I guess Pappito didn't get the memo
He's just straight up lying. Okay. Well, look at this is this is more lower than I'd care to start with so I think maybe we should just do a
Little bit of news while the hype train sort of wraps up. I'm not
From
Thank you so much funnel web also for the two years two years that we've been doing
Whatever that intro is to every stream. What are we getting mayor Godzilla? Oh my god? This has been a goal for so long
I
Guess let's do we'll do a we'll do a
Redderton stream this week
Runerton is back on the docket
Mayor Godzilla are you feeling up to the task of marrying our town?
Okay, Mayor Godzilla sounds a lot like hype train and not that much like Godzilla, but I'll tell him to work on it
Not the best Godzilla noise and there's got to be a better Godzilla out there than that
Okay
He's in the permanent T-pose
Bidden starting till December. You're right if I've only been streaming for two years. I haven't been doing this for
Two two years sorry about that. You're not forgiven. Whoa
I like Godzilla over here for a sec
Anyway, let's get into a little bit of news
Real new real professional news guys don't sneeze like that on camera. That's true. It was real loud
Anyway, let's see what's going on in the world. It's news time. I'm not jet
Sorry
Think I thought I thought you were chat case
No incorrect there we go
Jeff ripple
Sorry about that Jeff be careful throwing jets name around you never know what he might just pop out
Tom Broke I've usually opened NBC Nightly News with a hype train Panther dog love triangle
Well, you know the Vietnam War was a
crazy time
Tom Broke on Vietnam guy
Listen leave the news history to me a real newsman
I don't know if I should Jeff
It would have been funny if crumbs name was beneath Jeff does crumb even have one of these shitty little
Intro titles, you know, it's on my list of things to do to make everybody new little intro graphics Jeff
Well, mine first, please
What's going on in the world today?
Probably
election stuff
An election is happening
Soon
Yeah, I think very soon is my understanding of the situation
All right. Well anything else to say about it. No, I think that's it
There's gotta be more. All right. I guess we can talk about it a little bit more
We'll just count this as an election story because Elon Musk is giving away a million dollars to random voters in a voting sweepstakes
Giveaway. Oh, yes encouraging democracy through the power of funding
And you know what I'm gonna encourage
This via the power of changing your sub goal as a professional newsman
I feel like it's my duty to change the sub goal when it's extremely old and has been met by
273% hmm, that's fair. We were we're good. So there was a call out for Salazar to get their own theme
Is he supposed to be an official correspondent? Is there really such a thing? I'd assume so
Otherwise, what's my fucking job case?
I don't know that's kind of a question for you to answer. It's not you're supposed to be in charge
It's literally a question for you to answer
Pass god damn it. Well anyway fine. We'll do that one, but first I was promised
That we'll do a hot dog thing. Oh, yeah, we got to strap a hot dog to our stomach with a string and then try to eat it
By flipping it into our mouth that and then the cell is our theme. All right
Order of operations is important. We'll make it a small one because that Godzilla goal was met
Days ago months ago years ago
one second
The dude we're gonna say what the hell
What?
The absolute hell is going on. Okay reset the goals
Hot dog string for the low low price of
15
the fairest price around
So we saw a video or there was some tiktok trend of people straight
They tied his hot dog on a loose string to their like chest and then they try to
flick the hot dog into their mouth
And you know it felt like the kind of thing that's low budget enough for me to do on stream
Well, I don't know if case will succeed. I know I could crush it immediately. Well, you can do it then Jeff
I refuse it'll get clipped too much
It counts as porn because I'm so sexy
When you do it, it's just hot dog eating and disgusting. Oh, what if I do it?
It's against terms of service because it makes everyone come
That sounds like it's more against terms of service. Just what you just said. I
Thought we're here to talk about the election. Ah, all right
Another porn loophole on tiktok. Yeah
Don't do it with a spicy one. Well, the activity gets pretty spicy
It's a spicy activity for sure
Okay, what counts as election news? Well
People are going on podcasts. That's apparently election news now. Oh
Yeah
The Joe Rogan you might have to do a Rogan. We know it's a check in with the Rogans today
We'll see if they're even
requested
Because I'm low to go to them intentionally
They do only operate as a as a secret summon as the limit break that does zero damage in Final Fantasy 7
If they're summoned though, we'll check in with them on their trump stuff
But before they are or if they are I guess let's see what trump had to say on the podcast. Have you watched it yet?
I uh have not watched it yet
You do you tim waltz today. Is that one in what context?
It's there's no context for you do you it's a it's a good it's a feel-good statement for every occasion and the perfect campaign slogan
Kamala Harris tim waltz 2024 you do you
What is there is it's actually isn't it forward or something it it's a bad sign that I don't know I guess
That is a bad sign
Okay, let's see. Here's trump. What's he got to say?
Right all of a sudden I'm standing at the White House and it was uh very very surreal
That room was so beautiful to me much more beautiful than it actually is you know to me when I looked at the bed
Wait, what?
You could see it was a little bit longer had to be a little bit longer
He lost his son and they suffered the two of them suffered from melancholia. They didn't call it depression
Uh, they called it melancholia. They did he suffered from it. He was a very depressed guy and she was
Oh god his face is over my face more so than him. We got to talk to the rogans today that they lost their son
whose name was tad
tad and uh, it was
Was it seeing it in the little pictures a little tiny picture?
I mean you can't see the details there. They had different names back then the way was a little tiny picture of tad
Who he lost and it was
devastating
right all of a sudden
A tragic story beautifully told by the former president
Dad Lincoln
That wasn't a nickname right? I guess I should give him the benefit of the doubt and at least look it up
I've heard of thomas lincoln
It was tad lincoln
Who's thomas tad lincoln?
He's right
They had different names bruce green. Thank you so much for the raid of 345
New hot viewers for uk's
I have to read out the number jeff
Well, I do because I actually report the facts here and the fact is thank you so much for the raid bruce
You have arrived just in time
For us to punish you with clips of trump talking to joe rogan
Hooray, it's
unpleasant
That's not a very good sell jeff
I'm not a great salesman. I'm more of a newsman
Well, thanks again for the raid bruce appreciate it
If we were watching joe rogan clips, I'll admit it, but I appreciate you rating nonetheless
Even if I understand it for everyone immediately clicks away, but will they want to they you guys didn't just learning about tad lincoln
Here's tad
Oh, we've got a call for an expert joker from the 2004 batman cartoon cartoon aka feral joker
I didn't know that was the thing
Anyway, this is tad. Look at him. He's a cute little boy
Who died tragically
Six years after president lincoln or if you asked trump
I'm basically immediately microphone another. Thank you so much for the 23 months
So what did he do wrong? Well, I think he just got the date that that that the president that president lincoln's son tad died
He got it off. He died after president lincoln died
Died at 18 apparently
Okay, now i'm feeling like everyone's wrong. Is this guy is this random guy on twitter spreading misinformation or is trump
That's how they get you case
But apparently tad lincoln died six years after lincoln's death according to random twitter guy kevin lee father
kevin lee father. I have sinned
I'm spreading misinformation about tad lincoln. Well, I don't know if he is
I think I think he did die after lincoln. You know lincoln also died a little early. Oh, yeah
Mary Todd is a hot ghost
Prove liven sleazy wrong. I can't
Maybe he's super sexy
Yeah, I don't know. I guess we can't all right. What else did uh, what else did our
Wonderful former president have to say to podcast luminary joe rogan. Well
This I want to I want to talk about 2020 because you said over and over
That you were robbed in 2020. Yeah, totally. What how do you think you were robbed? Everybody always cuts you off
I'm gonna allow well, they not only cut you well
What I'd rather do is we'll do it another time and I would bring in papers that you would not believe so many different papers
That election was so crooked. It was the most crooked election. Okay, but give me some examples of how well, let's start
Let's start on the top and the easy ones. Okay. They were supposed to get
legislative approval to do the things they did and they didn't get it in many cases. They didn't get it
What things?
Anything they made like for extensions of the voting for for for voting earlier for this all different things
By law, they had to get legislative approvals. You don't have to go any further than that
If you take a look at wisconsin
Uh, they virtually admitted that the election was rigged robbed and stolen
They wouldn't give access in certain areas to
The ballots because the ballots weren't signed. They weren't originals
It's the trip opinions thing for you. We could go into this stuff
We could go into the ballots or we could go into the overall. I'll give you another one. Are you gonna present this ever?
Like what do you do you think like let me just give you one before
Before what 51?
Intelligence agents. He's getting some up that the laptop
Was from russia
It turned out to be totally false 51 former intelligence agents. I say that made I don't believe it's this much
But it doesn't have to I won by like I lost by like
I didn't lose but they say I lost Joe. They say I lost my 22,000 votes. That's like
One tenth of one percent less than that. It's a tiny little thing
22,000 votes tiny little 22,000 that's spread over this this period. So
51 intelligence agents making it smaller and smaller
They lied they knew it was collecting the votes hunters. It was from his bed. It was hunter's laptop
They said it was created by russia
Wait, does he think the votes are in the laptop? What's happening?
Um
Can you prove that they weren't in the laptop?
From what I know there were other things in that laptop
That are a little more visually interesting than but well, maybe not but
More visually startling than votes
Installed votes, but you could keep 20,000 votes in a laptop from my understanding
I don't think you could there. I don't think there's really virtual voting. Well
Currently, there's still ballot voting with like paper and that that's why it takes forever to fucking count
Are my messages posting twitch completely crashing me. They are
Unless they're in a laptop
Well, it would make sense for twitch messages to be in a laptop. Jeff
Then why wouldn't it make sense for 22,000 votes to be in one random?
Crack addicts laptop. Well, he's not that random. He's the president's son. Yes, but in a sense, aren't we all random crack addicts?
No, hmm
interesting philosophical question
That was
As someone who makes a lot of things more confusing than they need to be. What do you mean case?
What are you talking about as someone who can make things a little more confusing than they need to be?
I gotta say trump
Was very hard to track there with what the fuck he was talking about
But he certainly didn't offer any proof of election fraud
Uh, other than say that it was a small margin that he didn't lose by a tiny margin to not lose by
You can't trump that but you can laptop it
Yeah, what does that mean? I don't know but I agree with our viewers
He found 20k votes on tad lincoln's laptop
And how deep does this go because that kid died at least six years ago? No, he died six years after lincoln
You're getting lost in the numbers. What's important here?
Is that this podcast got 36 million views? I probably is what's important here, unfortunately and even more views on twitter
Let's do one more. Oh, here's that thing on the view. I think here's trump's appearance on the view
Let's let's check this out because trump references this in the joe rogan interview. Let's see it for ourselves
all right
oopsie
Donald trump is a billionaire a real estate mogul and a television star
But does he really want to add president of the united states to his resume?
Thank you mate. If anyone would like him to please let's find out and please welcome my friend
Donald trump their best buds. Where are our friends?
They're our friends
Hmm well
He looks worse now, but that's how we looked then
Yep, this is how he looked then
Oh god that hair is just always been there
They cut it off before they got into the sauce
I was ready for them to break down the important issues of the day
Like remember when you said that stuff about obama and him being like, yeah
Yep
That is all stuff he did
Uh, okay, let's see
High worship shadow. Oh my god
The shadow casts
Long and five
What it casts at the length of five five shadows worth of subs
He's doing the jutsu the shadows got five tentacles all of them giving you subs. Thank you so much. High worship shadow
Kamala doing okay, let's just hear him rant one more time seeing as we're cutting the rogans later
We need to know, you know some of what they talked about so let's do one more. All right
We're doing one more from the rogan interview show like this. Can you imagine Kamala doing this show?
Well, I could imagine her doing this. She would be laying on the floor
She was supposed to do it and she might still do it and I oh rogan kind of imagine it
I will talk to her like a human being I would try to have a conversation with her
I would try to have a conversation with her and hopefully get to know her as a human being
That was my goal having her on trying to get her to express herself just as I don't know if these
I don't think these formats are good. I don't think you're for that people
First of all, I hate the idea of the presidential debates because I hate the idea of a time limit
I don't think you're going to be able to do that. I think you're going to be able to do that
I think you're going to be able to do that. I think you're going to be able to do that
President's debates because I hate the idea of a time limitation on complex ideas
Also, you have to break I think you have to have the debates. Right. But the way they do the debates
I think is the wrong way to do it. I think they should have a conversation
I think you and Kamala you sit across the table with no one in the room, but the two of you. Oh my god
I would watch that
Occasionally joe rogan's right
uh ss
G magus
Thank you for the first time chat asks. I've never watched this channel before
Is this two talented people or one really talented person?
They're trying to erase my talents from this stream case and act like I'm just you.
Any thoughts on that case?
Case?
God damn it, acknowledge my existence, you son of a bitch.
Hmm, oh I would never try to erase you, Jeff.
Okay.
And what do you like about me?
Listen you, what do you like about me?
I swear to- God, oh, sorry.
Tell me that I'm a pretty boy.
You're a pretty boy, Jeff.
Yes, yes, you are, you are.
Okay.
Does that answer your question?
I think you answered it, Jeff.
But thank you for hanging out, I do appreciate it.
We have a huge and talented news team here of what is definitely not me losing my mind.
Nope, everybody here perfectly sane.
And doing fine.
Can we get rid of Crumb instead?
Is Crumb around?
Because I do enjoy him not being here.
Then why'd you bring me up?
Oh my God, why is he so close?
Why is he so goddamn close to the camera case?
Sorry, I just heard my name, I thought I'd stop by.
This is your fault, you brought him up.
I just was asking if he's around, did you miss him?
Whoa, did you miss me?
Or was I being misched?
No, I just, I noticed he wasn't around and that's an improvement.
Thank you, sorry to derail, no, don't worry.
I don't think this stream can really be derailed more than it permanently is.
What do you mean?
We're talking about important issues of the day.
Like the Joe Rogan podcast and the guy ranting on it.
Want my thoughts on it?
No, we don't.
We don't.
Okay, just know if you do.
There's a third guy here.
Sorry, I was wrong, there's three guys.
Oh my God, Tamtrann is is blasting these subs.
I don't know why this particular one is broken.
This alert, but in honor of these 10 subs from Tram Tran, which did not trigger.
It's duck time.
Don't ruin the quack crumb.
Crumb, the quack is meant to exist on its own.
Well, I get excited for the quack.
Tamtrann, thank you so much for the shoves.
Do you want me to rap about how he shoved?
No one is asking for that.
Thank you for finishing my sentence.
We're good, but thank you so much, Tamtrann.
That's a big donation of subs.
It absolutely is quack.
Firecrumb for ruining the quack.
Crumb, you're fired.
What?
Are you serious?
Yeah, get the fuck out of here.
You heard it here first.
Crumb's been fired.
I'm kidding, you're not fired.
That's not, that's not okay to do.
You did it instantly and it felt like you meant it.
Didn't feel like I meant it that hard.
That's got to be against some kind of HR policy.
Maybe I should rap about that.
No, no, no, I will actually fire you.
Crumb, can you just get out of here?
We're trying to do the news.
I'm so alone.
I'm so alone.
Stop it, Crumb.
Kendall, how are you doing today?
That's my Filipino son.
Kendall was hanging out with my Filipino son
and because the camera's boy back there,
sometimes it looks like they're the same person.
Want to introduce yourself to everybody,
my beautiful Filipino son?
Okay, but until they're ready to say their own name,
I can't do it for them.
It's not on me.
Why do you always call him your Filipino son?
Because I'm not trying to blow up his spot and dox him.
I learned that from the kids.
Okay, well what else is going on?
And what other news is happening?
Okay, finally time for our top story.
Elon Musk offering people his sperm
while creating a family compound in Texas.
Great news everyone.
The Musk family is coming to dinner
and they brought some chowder.
Why is the news like this?
That's a question for yourself, Case.
You look great, Kendall.
Kendall is tired, Case.
That's... yeah.
Oh yeah, she just woke up.
Ew, what the fuck happened there?
That's you not cleaning your water bottle.
That's so gross.
I'm fully disgusted by my own water bottle right now.
Ooh!
Everybody clean your water bottle just because it's only water in it
doesn't mean it's not clean.
I mean, maybe class 30.
What the fuck happened there?
Unplug.
Oh, Kendall wants my other headphones.
What the fuck happened there is the question right now.
That's a fair question.
Well, which there are we dealing with?
Crumb-licking retches, crumb gunk,
Pepito and the water bottle come.
There was like a film on a part of it
that I did not realize was there.
I'm just gonna put it that way.
That is so disgusting.
Yes. What's this, Mr. President?
Filmit Case.
The big Rogan battle of 2024.
I would love to see Rogan interview Joe Biden.
Well, you know, I would watch that.
Microphone and 100, thank you so much for the 500 bits.
And summoning the president for that important message.
And by the way,
Pepito was in the water bottle.
That is what happened there.
He's very little.
He can get in the water bottle.
How little is Pepito?
He's a tiny little guy.
Ken confirmed.
Shut the fuck up, crumb.
No one asked you.
Sorry.
I get turned up.
We're trying to talk about Elon Musk's sperm.
I can tell why we're actually dancing around this
because I don't really want to know
any more about Elon Musk's sperm
than I absolutely have to.
And I feel like I don't have to know anything.
And yet you're going to get to know this.
In May of 2020, billionaire Elon Musk
unexpectedly declared on Twitter,
now yikes, that he was selling almost all physical possessions.
Is that a thing he said?
I don't think he did that.
Well, maybe he did that.
Going a step further, he added,
he'll own no house.
In interviews over the next couple of years,
he continued to describe his lifestyle as minimalist
or nomadic.
Why does he need all that money again?
For spaceships?
Claiming that he had no primary residence
and stayed in friend's spare bedrooms.
What the hell?
Why is the richest man in the country
living like a kid after college
trying to decide if he wants to live with his parents
or with his friend Brian who just got a place?
Um, because he's a free thinker.
And just because he's so smart.
Oh, I forgot.
He's really smart.
By the end of 2023, however,
Musk's family had grown significantly.
Yeah, he has like 12 kids.
You know, those kids don't need a house.
He's the world's richest man
and all of his kids are homeless.
Well, he's teaching them to fend for themselves.
Isn't that what rich guys do?
When you turn six or something,
they're like, I'm cutting you off.
So you can grow.
I think he only does that when you
disagree with him ideologically,
so he cuts you off slightly later in life.
Oh, all right.
Anyway, two more children.
He had a bunch of kids.
He had twins.
And an executive is Brain Ship,
implant company, Neuralink,
with his Brain Ship Plant Neuralink executive.
He had two kids.
Zillus would have a third child with Musk in 2024.
That's Miss Neuralink,
and he was the father of 11 known children.
It was during this period,
according to New Reporting from the New York Times,
that the world's richest man
began to lay plans for a compound
patched together from several properties
he was buying in Austin, Texas.
I guess if you're rich enough,
you deserve a compound.
Why do you ever deserve a compound?
Can't you just get a big house?
If it's a big enough house case
and you buy all the neighbors' houses,
it becomes a compound,
like a compound fracture,
breaking the neighborhood into little pieces
that you eat like a Kit Kat.
Um, nom, nom.
Anyway, he's housing his brood in the compound.
Well, that is a good use of a compound.
This is just it. Elon's a dick.
Well, he's a dick,
and he's trying to conquer the world with his penis.
Well, he's like a fan of Genghis Khan or something.
He does want to spread his seed amongst the stars.
It's a literal goal of his.
And that's bad. Yes, that's gross.
That's a gross motivation.
But isn't that, if you think about it, Case,
isn't that what we're all really doing?
No, no, I don't know.
There's better ways to think of it.
All right.
Far from owning no house,
Musk now has at least three mansions in close proximity
in a wealthy enclave of the city,
with enough room for all his kids and their mothers.
Musk is hardly shy about his reasons
for having such a large family.
He believes an alluming population collapse
in developed nations, including the United States,
which is the biggest...
which this year he called the biggest problem
that humanity faces.
I've always said that. There's not enough of us.
It does feel like around 8 billion,
maybe we could just stop
making more for a little bit.
There's still spaces where we're not...
there's not suburbs everywhere yet.
The whole place could be city.
Haven't you ever seen the best Star Wars movies?
The ones with the big city
and the big city?
The ones with the big city and...
and the... and what's-her-face
in clown paint?
Uh...
Princess Amidala?
Yeah, the ones everyone likes.
We could make that planet a reality
if we just have about 8 billion to 16 billion
to 100 billion more of us.
Dreams.
Well, Elon Musk is apparently trying to make that dream a reality, Jeff.
He certainly is.
Demographers say his fears are unfounded, though.
But when have we ever listened
to a demographer?
I'll take the LP-grapher.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Don't leave me hanging, you son-of-a-bitch!
You kept your hand too far away.
Well whatever, aligned with a population-boosting
movement known as pro-natalism,
he has often encouraged more pro-creation
to combat the trend. And once joked,
I'm doing my part.
The Times revealed that Musk continues to seek out
women willing to have children with him,
sometimes offering his seamen to friends and acquaintances.
Nicole Shanahan, Silicon Valley attorney and running mate of Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
Oh, running mate of Robert F. Kennedy. Sorry, I thought he offered sperm to RFK.
He might have. Can you confirm that? Yeah, I'm confirming it.
What? No, I guess I can't. I guess I technically can't. But I'd love to.
Semi-confirmed? Semi-confirmed. He's offering sperm to RFK.
All right. Rumors.
We can't report on rumors if we say they are.
Anyway, he offered them to sort of RFK's running mate.
He gave, he was like, well, while you're here, maybe take a little of my sperm.
RFK, until he dropped out of the presidential race, was one to turn him down, according to two sources.
So RFK's running partner denied Elon Musk to be his sperm partner.
So sad for Mr. Musk.
According to attendees at a dinner party, thrown by a tech executive last year,
Musk also said he could provide sperm to a married couple he had met socially only a handful of times.
Did they need it?
Maybe the story will tell us.
I thought if you get married, it's because you want to have a kid with them?
Well, I mean, there's all sorts of arrangements, but I would probably send Elon Musk's sperm after married.
All right, case is not in the market.
Who had, anyway, he offered them sperm.
He met them a couple of times, and they had mentioned at a meal they were having difficulty conceiving.
There you go. He was doing an act of giving.
Giving?
Yes? What's the word you're looking for?
Pro...
Propecia? What? You know, when you give stuff away?
Philanthropy.
Jesus. No, I don't think that counts as philanthropy.
What's more philanthropic than giving away your precious seed?
Anyway, Musk also boasted about his many children during the conversations.
He has a bunch.
According to Alia Taylor Swift's September endorsement, we remember that.
He said, I'll give you sperm, essentially. Do we need to run back over that?
No, I think you actually pretty much covered it.
He straight up offered Taylor Swift sperm.
Though the Tesla and SpaceX CEO over Twitter, does that count?
Well, actually over X?
My bad.
Though the Tesla and SpaceX CEO has tried to challenge the idea,
his notions of population collapse have seen him take up tenets of the great replacement.
Racist conspiracy theory which holds that white demographics in the West are being diminished
or deleted through the low fertility of non-white migration into these countries,
which is facilitated by powerful elites.
Wouldn't that mean he's facilitating it?
Maybe he somehow feels left out of the club of powerful elites,
as he underwrites the election campaign of one of two presidential options
and by at least four of the estimation is the richest man on the planet.
Somehow he does not count as the elite who would be encouraging that kind of thing.
He's the elite, he claims, stopping it.
I guess because for some reason you need to keep white people white is his argument.
Is that his argument?
Oh, that might be his argument. Shoot.
The white nationalist ideology has inspired mass shootings.
It does seem to do that.
Even before he became Donald Trump's most pro-prominent megadonor,
Musk was railing against immigrants,
baselessly claiming that President Biden allowed them to illegally cross the U.S. border
so they could vote for Democrats.
Do we need to read the rest of this?
It's becoming less about Come and more about his troubling political ideology.
What if I told you his troubling political ideology is in fact Come-Based?
Based as in Based or based as in Based on Come?
The second one.
Shoot, that's a bummer.
Yes.
Well, not all Come-Based political ideologies are as forward-thinking as mine.
What's yours?
Let it rip.
That's not a political ideology.
It is the way I do it.
So come to my July 4th cookout two years from now.
It's the Ripple 2026.
July 4th, let it rip.
I'll cook, come out.
What? Are you having a mental breakdown?
No, I'm just trying to get it out there.
July 4th, 2026.
The Jeff Ripple July 4th, come out.
Let it rip.
How is that political?
You'll understand once you're there.
Anyway, that's all the time we have.
Why are you letting it end there?
I'm out of stuff to talk about.
That's your election update.
How is that an election update?
I don't know, Elon Musk is tied to the presidential campaign now.
Due to reasons of money and jizz.
Unfortunately, that is sort of a summation of the current state of affairs.
Yes, he believes that, you know, he needs to impregnate people with his powerful white semen.
Well, everybody has white semen.
Not if it's been sitting around for a while.
We're gonna get, we should get kicked off Twitch probably.
I'm all alone.
Okay, never mind. I was gonna do it.
But Crumb was still here.
I thought you were calling me back by playing that song.
Let's kick it to the streets.
I think we've talked about the news for an unoffered day.
Indeed we have.
And that news was a drop in the bucket.
And when I busted in that bucket, it created ripples.
And those ripples are now approaching you.
And they gently hit your face.
And you say, hmm, that's a nice watery,
uh, semblance of ripple.
You're getting even worse at those.
Anyway, that's it.
That's all the time we have.
Well, you know, sometimes you don't do a great job covering a story.
And other times you do whatever that was.
And then I guess you could also cover a story well as like a third option.
But right now we don't have to worry about that.
We just have to worry about your opinions.
It sounds like a lot of them have actually already been kicked to the streets.
So let's not wait any longer.
It's time for Trip on the Streets.
Oh yeah.
You know, I've also, I've heard it said a lot of people on this channel
sound like other people on this channel.
But I would just like to point out that I'm Trip Bradstein.
And I don't sound like anybody else.
I sound exactly like myself.
Good to see everybody.
I've already got five hot opinions waiting in the opinion chamber.
So I'm excited to get them over there.
Let's see what people are talking about today on the Streets.
The exclamation point trip is how you send me an opinion.
I think we can handle up to 10 if I just talk quickly.
If I really burn through these things, which I've always done.
I never linger pointlessly on conversations for minutes.
Let's see how everybody's doing today.
Oh my God.
What the hell is this guy doing out here?
Sir, sir, I don't really want to talk to you.
If you don't mind, I want to talk to the actual strangers.
Well, if you'll just give me a minute, I put on my reading glasses.
Because I wanted to really get a good look at you.
Are you wearing like a translucent swim cap?
What's going on with your head?
I got some whipped cream on my head.
I was eating a Sunday and it just really got away from me.
How? What?
Look, I'm not here to talk about that.
What I'm here to do is say hello to our viewers.
I'm crumb.
Unfortunately, sorry, I'm being rude.
We know.
Well, I know we don't often get to talk to each other at the office
since our positions at Banner are sometimes, you know,
they're time consuming.
But first off, I'd like to...
First off, first off, first off, what's wrong with you?
No, sir, I'm just saying first off,
all you seem like the nicest guys at work.
Munch is so distasteful.
Let's be real, he's incredibly distasteful.
Are you talking to me or the viewers?
Well, everybody.
Talking to the public address.
Munch is so distasteful.
I thought he was the only person who hated me.
But now there's beef between me and let's just be real here.
There's beef between me and Jeff Ripple.
I don't know about this.
I don't really pay attention to office politics.
I don't really care.
I thought you were supposed to care about people's opinions.
No viewers' opinions.
You're fucking crumb.
I'm not fucking myself.
Anyway, you must have heard the news in the office.
I didn't.
I'm on the streets.
I don't enter the office.
Well, I chime in during the show.
That's true.
That's what caused it.
All right.
And I'll admit it was rude, but he will not accept my apology.
And I'm willing to accept his because at this point I do feel like we're old sort of a passing of the apology, like a hot potato.
Hot potato one, I apologize.
Whoops, sorry for popping into your segment unrequested every time you're there.
Why don't you just stop doing that?
Well, I mean, I feel like I can offer some help sometimes digesting the issues of the day.
Anyway, once I hot potato you that apology.
Oh, this potato is hot.
I'll give it back to you.
Apology, potato.
And you toss that apology right back with a sorry for saying that you're disgusting and I don't ever want to hear your voice again.
Again, I'm not a victim.
I'm aggrieved due to how I was treated and there is a difference.
I don't know if there's technically a difference, but I don't have a problem with victim as a concepts.
I think that word is used pejoratively way too often.
But I'm not on your side because I don't think you are one.
Well, you don't even know the details.
Well, I just heard them.
It sounds like you just showed up where you weren't wanted and it's left a bad impression in Jeff's mouth.
And you know, now it doesn't like you very much.
Probably the way to win him over would just be to give him some space and maybe, you know, once cooler heads have prevailed and you haven't interrupted his segment unrequested a bunch of times.
That's when you make sort of the opening salvo of let's be chill pals.
I'd really like to get that apology now if I could.
Do you what is going on with your head?
I spilled whipped cream on it.
I had trouble getting it all off.
There's a thin film of whipped cream on my head.
What are you understanding?
I feel like I'm in an apology.
I'm sorry.
See, I don't have a problem apologizing.
I apologize to everybody.
Anybody you want that guy on the bike.
Where is he?
Oh, that guy who just appeared.
Sorry, sorry guy on the bike.
I didn't know you were coming.
See, you want to apologize to me maybe for kind of being not really hearing me out.
I feel like I did.
You've taken up.
I said we were going to do a bunch of these and you are being very slow.
Sure you're at.
You're also saying you'd like me to leave.
I didn't say that.
I'm just saying I'm trying to keep it moving today and I feel like we got it.
Crumb.
I'm all alone.
Oh my God.
Get the fuck out of here.
Oh, I'm being aggressively kicked out.
What a surprise.
What a surprise.
What did I do?
Jesus.
Hmm.
Says opinions are waiting.
But it looks like cases flawless system may not be working right.
Let me see.
Hello viewer John.
Okay.
It's not working quite right.
Crumb get the fuck out of here.
No.
No, we're not doing that.
I'm just going to scroll up and I'll find them.
I'm going to do this old school.
Wow.
Oh shoot.
The chat doesn't last for that long.
Okay.
Let me scroll up on this other chat.
Maybe this one holds on.
Oh yeah.
Shoot or it doesn't.
Oh no.
Did we lose everyone's opinions?
Crumb.
What did you do?
I did.
Uh.
Shoot.
Let me test this.
Oh fuck.
Crumb.
Did you just delete all the opinions?
Did you just delete every fucking opinion?
People worked on those.
Well let me test if it's working on my phone really quick.
Uh.
Hi.
I'm Crumb.
Okay that one worked.
Oopsie.
Did I break it?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Did I break it?
I'm typing this on my phone.
Okay let someone put it in there for me.
Let me try again.
I'll be right back.
Okay I didn't put this one in.
This one's from a viewer actually.
I'm Crumb and I suck.
Okay.
Okay.
I see what you did there.
I do apologize everyone.
If you happen to have what you typed.
If you can put it back in.
It does now seem to be working.
My life was messing with my opinion machine.
And it went wrong.
Okay well uh.
Well now that I'm here I guess I get to do a whole other interaction with you.
No Crumb get the fuck out of here.
You sound like Jeff Ripple.
Has anyone ever told you that?
Okay.
Okay.
There's more than one guy that is a slightly similar tonality in the world.
In case you've ever noticed.
Mine's just a little different.
It's not exactly like a different guy.
Alright.
Let's see who else is out here.
Mmm hmm.
Alright.
Alright this guy seems to be coming in hot.
And he's not Crumb.
We're already ahead of the game.
Yo what's up man?
I'm Anna with a Vaughn.
Alright.
I'm a movie director.
I'm filming in this country.
Interesting look.
I've got a cutting edge look.
Both physically and on the screen.
Anyway there would never be a moment where they say.
Anaouif left us.
High five.
It was for me.
I didn't need your backup.
High five.
Once again for me.
No backup needed.
Next level.
Bringing it to the screen.
You gotta have that level of confidence to high five yourself if you want to make it in this business.
This is LA.
Well they're in New York I think actually.
Oh my god.
I don't have permits to film here.
Fuck.
Oh fuck.
I just cost the fucking studio so much money.
Oh fuck.
Strangle me.
Oh my god.
Choke me please.
Please I need to be assaulted.
I need to forget.
What?
Just choke me man.
I can make it work.
I can get that.
I can get his attack.
I can fucking insure it.
It's a cover it.
If you kill me.
I'm not gonna kill you.
Oh my god.
I've been so much trouble.
I filmed in the wrong fucking city.
Oh god.
Fucking kill me right now.
It's the only way to save this production.
I'm not gonna kill you man.
Jesus.
No shit.
No.
No.
Oh I thought you were gonna tell me not to.
So I was getting ahead of it.
What the fuck?
What's wrong with you?
It's not you doing it.
No you're obviously doing it to yourself.
Fuck it's not you.
Keep it on the close.
Oh you're choking me.
You're fucking choking me.
It's you doing it to yourself.
Everybody saw it.
I got choked and kidnapped and that's why I'm here in New York.
And I...
It's all the time we have.
I'm a big fan.
Okay.
There's a lot to get to.
I need to hurry it up with these guys.
Why do so many people ask me to help them commit insurance fraud?
What did I ever do to them?
Alright.
Hmm.
One second.
Who else is on the streets?
That's dying to talk to me.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Alright.
You there.
Oh it's a creature.
Creature would you like to talk to me?
I'm Trippy B.
With all the reddit massacres happening in Casey's home.
Is it possible he executed Hamtaro?
Before the mayor election?
Yeah.
Sweet innocent Hamtaro.
What happened in Casey's house?
He killed my dad.
Whoa.
Geez.
Casey, what the fuck?
All he was doing was creeping into his bed while he slept and wetting his tail in his mouth.
Wait what?
Yeah, while Casey was asleep my dad would creep up onto his bed and he'd slide his tail into his mouth to wet it.
Because my dad liked to paint using human saliva.
He'd paint it on his stomach.
Okay, what the fuck?
He'd wipe his wet tail on his stomach.
He'd make little designs.
On Casey's stomach, it was rat tail.
I guess Casey's anti-art.
That sounds rough rat.
For you?
Kendall, Kendall, you want to come here for a sec?
Kendall, do you want to come here for a sec?
Just for a second.
I think you'll enjoy this.
Do you want to meet my wife?
I wish my dad could have met her, but Casey killed him.
No!
My wife.
Can you believe that Case Blackwell killed my dad and your father-in-law?
Oh shit.
Oh.
I just popped out two more babies.
Whoa!
Anyway, that's a trip.
Believe it or not, trip.
We're all so brother-sister.
All right, Kendall, how are you doing?
Wow! I'm doing great!
I'm doing great.
I'm going to murder these two rats later if they...
I think that might be fair.
Well, if they come into our home.
Yeah, just stay out of Case's house.
I was going to take vengeance on him
by having a beautiful family and living a fulfilling life.
First of all, it's not two O.M.s.
Because all he did was trip.
Oh, gosh, we have fun. Kendall, do you think it's fair to say that this is gross
and I should ask them to leave?
I think it's kind of beautiful.
I guess it's just me, actually.
Yep, you're alone on this.
Is it just me or my little hot today, baby?
You are so hot.
Oh, my God, you're so hot.
I'm not alone!
Oh, God, I'm pregnant.
Oh, I just gave birth.
What? How does that work?
Nature is beautiful.
Anyway, that's all that we got to go.
We got to go raise our kids.
We got a lot of kids now.
Thanks for stopping by, Kendall.
Sorry about that.
What the fuck is going on?
That's a very fair question.
All right, well, we got a lot of opinions to get through.
And all these guests are really taking their time.
You there, do you want to talk to me?
I'm trippy wait a minute.
Yes, Mr. Hamster, why do you keep tormenting me?
I don't know Ham Taro
and I can't help him win political office.
Which president? It's Ham Taro, okay?
All right.
What are the qualifications of Ham Taro, little Hamster?
I'll be honest, your voice is so pitched up,
I only understood about 10% of that.
It is. It's very high, little Hamster.
Let me just leave you with this.
Is there anything I can do to convince you to leave me alone?
I just want to live in a bush.
Okay.
All right, done.
Done.
You get your own show, little Hamster. Are you happy now?
You don't have to answer that.
You're leaving, I think.
All right, that's somehow satisfying.
All right.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Rob Elvia takes a tax case black.
Well, in studio, thank God he's not here.
That's all I can say about that.
I'm glad that he's not out here on these streets.
All right.
Well, it's what's the talk to me, Trippie B.
All right.
You there? You got any thought for me? I'm Trippie B.
Hi, Tripp.
I'm going to throw a weird time in my life.
Okay.
For some reason I crave rubbing my cartot dog
every inch of my body.
Is that a joke?
No. It's just not.
It's not just sexual, though.
It's like a spiritual craving that's coming from a place I honestly can't even quite explain.
Okay.
And really, I also leave anxiety.
Why are you doing this?
I feel like I explained that.
My complexion has never been clear, but my wife, you know, the old fucking bad lats.
Um, sure.
Anyway, she's upset.
She's upset about it.
It's been a big problem in our relationship.
So what should I do to try to kill her?
No. What?
I'm spitballing.
What do I do?
I have to do the hot dog thing.
I need those hot dogs on my body.
That's all I ever needed.
What the fuck do I do, man?
I'll do anything.
Um, well, if you're going to kill anyone, not her.
And maybe not anybody, actually.
Lobotomy is being suggested.
Have you considered that?
Maybe see a therapist?
Waste of time!
All right. Well, I don't know, man.
Um, just make it a boys retreat.
Say you're going on a boys retreat.
Give yourself one day a year.
A purge for hot dog rubbing. Where are you?
You go big. You rent the Oscar Meyer-Wilm-Wiener-Mobile.
For a private party that's just you.
You hot dog it up in there and you never tell anybody it's your own.
Not that dark, but confusing secret.
You're to save my life.
Okay, I didn't think I did, but uh, we're going to stop the opinions for now.
Opinions are full for now.
As I seem to be merely taken by time.
Moving through these, as I tend to do.
Let's see who else is out here that wants to talk to me, Trippie-B.
Okay. What the heck?
What's this? Oh my gosh. What the heck?
A Max Candy!
Okay. All right.
I'm a Halloween confectioner.
I'm here to taste your candy.
I'm a human guy.
Give me candy.
Let me taste it. Give me your treat, Tripp.
I'm just a Halloween confectioner.
So no reason to not give me chocolate.
Um, I guess he's right.
I mean, if he's a Halloween confectioner.
Okay.
All right. I'll have a little chocolate here. Do you want it?
Yeah, I'll take it.
I'll take it, Tripp. I'm just a guy.
Well, you are in a sweatshirt, so I guess why not?
Is this chocolate or any chance?
Yes, I just handed you chocolate.
As a guy, I feel like that's fine.
Okay, well, Max Candy bottoms up.
Right now, I'm just gonna lean down and eat it.
Oh, wait. Let me just lean down here and eat it.
Ah. Oh my God, he died.
Oh my God.
I'm all alone.
I just killed Max Candy.
And now he's dead. I'm okay, actually.
That was not good for me, though. That fucked me up big time.
And that's...that was sick.
Can I have another one?
I didn't react well to it the first time, so come back tomorrow, maybe.
And I've got to cut you off for today.
Alright, I will be back, because daddy gets what daddy wants.
Alright, that was Max Candy.
Um, feed the candy cannibal?
Was he made of candy? I thought he was a man. Was I tricked?
I thought that was a full-on man.
Oh, great. There's another guy walking up.
Well, I guess that is what I asked for.
It was my understanding that that's what you...
You want people to walk up? Was I mistaken?
No, no, sorry. I got...
Sometimes I take my anger out in the wrong places. That's on me.
How are you doing, sir?
Well, hey, Tripp, as it established in the John Wick films,
assassins are everywhere.
Okay.
In your experience, any tips on how to...
exist in a world of assassins say...
safely.
It's crumb in a fake beard?
No. Um...
Just, I'm asking about something else.
You son of a bitch, give me that fucking thing.
Oh, shoot. It popped right off.
I... You pulled my...
Oh, you pulled my beard off.
Ow!
Ow!
I'm gonna go call the cops.
You're a stranger to me.
I only know you from the television.
And I've been treated very unfairly.
Your voice reverted back to folk rum-crum.
At times in shock from the beard removal.
Okay.
All right.
Um...
Let's see.
That's okay today.
Okay. You there.
Definitely not a hamster?
You're not in the disguise.
To be clear.
No, I'm just sitting like a normal guy.
So, not like a hamster.
You're...
What you're showing me is a little explicit.
What do you mean?
Okay, what do you want?
Could you just tell me why I shouldn't destroy Hamptaro?
For failure?
Failure is a problem.
Whoa, what's wrong with you?
I mean, failing the hamsters.
Oh, well.
You're grossing people out.
No, they're not. It's not for me.
I'm just a man meditating in the park.
This is how I meditate, trip?
Take it easy. Give me some advice.
Should I kill Hamptaro?
I thought you guys were obsessed with Hamptaro.
I can't keep up with your hamster lore.
And me either, because I'm not a...
No, don't kill anybody.
It's always the same response from me.
Don't do a murder, please.
Even if I thought you should, I couldn't tell you to.
Oh, wink, wink.
I'm gonna wink, wink. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that.
Wink, wink.
I'll wink, wink, wink, wink, wink.
Wink, wink.
Whoa, what are you doing?
I'm just winking my whole body.
Stop it.
Okay.
Thanks for the advice.
Just gotta move my house real quick.
You brought its whole fucking house.
Ahem. Alright.
Well, okay, let's talk to this one, I guess.
I'm listening. First time interviewing.
What am I looking at?
Nothing, I'm just a guy.
The park littered with rats.
That's not my first question in this situation.
Not my first question.
What's your first question?
What's... Where's your... Why with your face?
That's not a very good question.
I think it is. Why with your face?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Somehow this is still crumb. There's not a chance.
Son of a bitch.
Listen, I did put on a hamster costume because it seemed to be all the rage.
And I just wanted you to know...
If you're alone, I've got your back.
Believe that, your heart's on the attack.
Stop it. You've got my back, your heart's on the attack.
Those lyrics are awful, Crumb.
I just thought I heard you singing my song and I thought maybe you needed someone to sing with.
If I play it, maybe you start singing.
Okay, I can take a hint. I can.
Can you? I can.
I'm gonna barf.
I'm gonna barf from looking at Crumb so much.
Oh thank God, it's Benjamin Franklin.
A good day, sir. It is I.
Benjamin loop-de-loop twisty-way.
What the fuck?
I just attacked Case.
And what are you gonna do about it?
That's my question for you, Tripp.
It's me, it's Rob Elvie.
Why you're in a painting?
I got in a painting.
Just rub it in your face.
Good luck getting me out of here.
I'm a painting now, idiot.
If anyone is understandably confused about what's happening.
A gentleman named Rob Elvie consistently annoys me in the park.
He's a face changer, a Wendigo, a skin walker.
And today his form seems to be that of painting.
Yep.
I mean, no. Everything you said is crazy. I always look the same.
I've always been a painting.
You already said you put yourself in one.
Nah, well, as a...
It's Halloween.
So I have myself painted into a painting as a costume.
That's not... Humans can't do that, Rob.
That's not a thing humans can do. So how about that?
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Is what I... How about that? And your band, obviously.
Get out of my painting. You're the one in a painting.
But your band from it.
Well, great. I'm a person in the 3D world, Rob.
So I can't get in there.
I'm all alone.
But in a painting.
But it's got the rules of...
It's got the rules of the one where the guy...
He's in video games and he's big and his friend Sarah Silverman,
but as a kid and Wreck-It-Rail's what I'm looking for.
And that's the rules of the painting I'm in.
So I can actually hang out with every painting in the world.
And I'm not alone and I'm the coolest guy.
And in the world of paintings I hang out and I'm the king of the paintings.
And everybody likes me.
And that's my tale.
We've got to be done for the day.
Right? Nope.
You got one more.
And your band from that one. So good luck doing it even.
Um, this guy looks normal. Let's just end it on a normal guy.
Hey, Drew.
Yes?
Just asking.
How does one hide a body?
Asking for a friend.
Halloween and such.
You know what I mean?
Is that your face?
What?
It just looks like you're wearing another guy's face.
Let's not do this, Trep.
Uh-huh.
He's in a JD Vance mask?
Is that a joke on me?
That's good.
How do I hide a body?
Uh, dig.
Oh, I hadn't thought of that. Thank you.
Thank you. I had not thought of that.
Fucking a-
There's not actually an opinion waiting.
That's a lie.
I can see it in my little opinion queue.
That we've cleared it and we're not waiting for hot opinions.
Okay.
Um, opinions are back open,
but not for today.
Just doing that so we don't have a repeat of the issues from last time.
Uh, thank you so much for hanging out with me, Trippie B,
but that's all we've got for the streets today.
Don't worry, I won't be going anywhere.
I'll be out here waiting for more opinions to appear at some future date,
at which point I will crawl out of my bush
and make it fucking happen.
See you then. Bye-bye.
Woo, sorry. I have to take my reading glasses off.
Sometimes I read during those segments because they're so long.
Tripp just really takes his time.
Okay.
I'm gonna disable the segments for now.
Oop, because we have a few to get to still.
I also need to interview
the Joker from the 2004 Batman cartoon,
aka Feral Joker.
I think I gotta look Feral Joker up.
Uh, that's a very specific Joker.
You're telling me about the ideas.
Whoa. I'm just canvassing around.
Do you happen to know where to hide a body?
Are you the Joker? No.
I don't.
Okay, I'm not a huge fan of that guy.
Let's, uh...
Maybe we'll end on the Joker.
Maybe we'll end on the dang Joker.
We'll go how to Joe Rogan Joker.
That's what I just said made sense.
Let's send it down to Jeb for a little how-to.
It's time to learn, everybody.
Hey, everybody.
Hey, Jeb. Good to see you all.
Good to see you too, Daddy.
Right on the street is you're still trapped in the wood.
Accurate.
Correct. Still very much trapped.
Still trapped on these streets.
Wait, I mean in the wood. There we go.
There's not a street in that wood, is there?
No. No, just wood actually.
Anyway, that's my dead dad. His spirit's trapped in the wood.
I'm Jeb. Today we're going to learn how to do some stuff.
It's a nice little break from the insanity of the rest of this stream.
Where you can just relax, sit back,
and learn a couple skills with me and my dad who's dead and trapped in the wood.
Yeah, nice, normal stuff.
Um, okay, it's been a while.
It's been a minute.
But, sorry, I just noticed.
I just noticed that this was in the Discord,
and I do feel like I should show it off real quick.
A huge shout out to Propaganda for making this.
I clicked on the wrong thing,
and it's just nice to see a bunch of good dudes hanging out in the Discord.
Okay, how did he get in the wood?
All of us like to know, because I don't know.
Really? Because I would like to know.
Yeah, but I don't know.
I don't know how you did that, how that happened.
Um, okay, let's start out of stuff,
let's start out of buying a cravat.
I've always wanted to start wearing cravats.
But I never had any idea how to bind them.
Well, today we rectify that little issue. Let's see.
How to tie a cravat.
Hello, and welcome to Videojug.
The cravat is still a popular choice of neckwear,
especially as a change from the usual tailored tie.
We have come to Savile Row,
the home of bespoke tailoring,
to top London tailors, Richard Anderson,
to show you how to wear a cravat
like a well-established gentleman.
Step one, drape the cravat around your neck
with one end slightly longer than the other.
Step two, take the longer end
and cross it over the shorter end.
Keep the cravat quite tight and close to your neck.
Step three, push the long end back up
behind the knot and pull through.
Let's see a close-up of that.
Is it just a loop?
Step four, tuck the short end of the cravat into your shirt
and then adjust the cravat to make sure that the knot remains quite wide.
Now tuck the longer end in front of the shorter end.
Step five, tidy up the cravat
so it looks smart and presentable.
Done.
Step six, look like a fucking asshole.
What, Dad? No, he looked cool.
What do you mean?
It's an aspirational look.
He's trying to look like a distinguished gentleman and he is.
He looks like a fucking dick.
Just wear a tie.
No, see, your ear does not...
It's different. You can't limit yourself with fashion.
You've got to be open to tying all types of silks around your thick neck.
You know?
Why did I hear you echoing in here?
I don't know, Daddy.
Well, look, I don't have a cravat on me, so I'll have to save it for next time.
I could try to tie this gross rag I have around my neck,
but I don't think it's long enough.
Can I kind of just make shift it?
Is this basically just as good?
If I do this...
Why is Kace on the streets?
I don't know why we cut to him.
You look...
That's a bib, exactly, livenslazy.
You didn't even cravat, right, Jab? Did you watch the video?
Yeah, I'm improvising.
I applied a lot of the skills I learned.
Like what? Like tuck.
Tuck a cloth in.
I applied step five.
I couldn't do the first steps, because it's not a big enough eesh of cloth.
It's a fucking rag, Jab.
It does smell like the rat that I...
I used it to dispose of a rat.
Now I can't remember if I washed it or not.
Ew, no, you have to cli... Did you really do that?
We'll never know.
I'm gonna say that he didn't...
In case... Based on real events,
people could think that that's actually a thing.
I swear that that's the thing Jab did and not case.
I'm not sure if I did it.
Don't put words in my mouth.
I just feel like you might be putting words in someone else's mouth
without realizing it.
It just smells a little rat-like, but...
Anyway, let's move on. No, rectify this.
Wait, what do you mean, rectify what?
Okay, Chad, he didn't... Case didn't do that.
Shut up, dad.
What? Don't talk to your father that way, young man.
Oh my God, I'm sorry, daddy.
Yeah, you are. I'm sorry, daddy, I'm sorry.
Yes.
Okay, let's, um...
How to give an enema.
Let's just scroll through this one real quick.
Make sure there's not a big butthole in it.
Okay, there's only drawings of buttholes.
So we're safe. Let's learn how to give an enema.
Nursing skills.
Oh.
Okay.
Hmm. Whoa.
Why is she totally nude?
Why did they draw her the shirt?
Oh my God.
That cheek spread so...
It's like a solid mass.
She's scoozing it.
These ads are covering up the action here.
I don't know how to give an enema now.
The anus is how you clean it with the...
You've got to spread the body cheeks
and then you've got to make sure that the lubricated end fits into the anus.
Please don't try that one, Jeb.
Well, I can't right now.
I don't think I can get my shirt off in time.
I have to be fully nude, apparently.
I don't think you do.
I'm pretty sure daddy thought you need to be totally nude.
Because the woman was.
Well, we've already learned a lot.
Fully nude except for your rat-rag-cavet.
Crevat.
I think it just smells like a rat
because there's probably scurrying over the rag.
It doesn't smell like a rat, Jeb.
I think you just have a bad sense of smell.
Why are you so defensive of my rat-rag, dad?
Jesus Christ.
Oh no, you gave someone a runny nose.
I'm so sorry, Ionic Storm.
Ionic Storm, I'm sorry.
It's probably because the end was covered up
by those recommended YouTube videos.
So we didn't really see how to finish the process off.
If I'm not careful, I'm just going to end up
with a cravat stuck in my ass.
Why would that happen?
I don't know.
If Crumb gets an enema, does he dissolve?
Interesting question.
Maybe I can get him to test that out.
Alright, let's do one more because
that one segment went really long because of all the hamsters.
I think.
As was my read on it.
And we'll come back tomorrow and maybe we'll do some more of these.
How to make sure a prostitute?
Oh, how to get pregnant?
Alright, we'll end it off today.
This is sort of a sexual-themed how-to.
Because this is how you have sex.
You have a lot of sex.
And then everybody's like,
well, I want to make love to that specimen right there.
Then you make sure your butt's nice and clear with an enema
so you don't go sloppy-danting all over the bedroom.
Sloppy-danting?
Well, you know, that's what I call it when
I accidentally go bump-bump unintentionally.
Jeb, I did not use those words to describe defecation.
Why do you?
Ah, T. Bevek, thank you so much for the follow.
I don't think you earned it, Jeb.
Well, maybe they're learning something, Daddy,
and maybe you could try that.
Okay, let's learn how to get pregnant.
Can we focus up and please learn how to get...
Actually, let me real quick make sure there's not a big old penis
or vagina in this.
Or a little one.
There's not.
It's a safer work way to learn how to get pregnant.
So let's learn.
How to get pregnant.
We're going to spread the butter cheese.
Ready to get pregnant?
There's the quick way and the right way.
Here's the right way.
Step one, prepare your body.
Get yourself in the best shape possible.
Dr. J Goldberg also recommends something extra.
I usually encourage one thing predominantly,
and that's to take folic acid.
Folic acid is a vitamin that can decrease the risk of
neural tube defects.
Step two, prepare your partner.
If you want a baby, make sure he does too.
Relationship advisor Lisa Clampett advises
to have a baby talk as early as possible.
Guys go through a little bit of a crisis like,
oh my god, what am I doing?
It's okay to have these feelings as long as it doesn't
create a huge block in the relationship.
Step three, prepare to conceive.
Spread the butter cheese.
It can take a while.
90% of fertile couples conceive within a year.
A year?
It's usually a recommendation if you're under 35 years old
to give it a good nine months to a year.
But over 35, I would probably seek medical advice
as to how you would proceed.
Step four, take the test.
You don't have to wait until a missed period
to take a pregnancy test.
Keep a few in the house and be ready.
Typically 11 to 12 days after you ovulate or conceive,
a home pregnancy test should be read as positive.
If you miss your period, have this guy look like he knows
about how to get people pregnant.
Then check for that blue cross, that pink line,
or the word yes.
Oh, why isn't it red?
It's funny that the, that yes is in red.
It's usually not mean stop.
Well, you know, sometimes when that happens,
you're like stop honey, stop.
We haven't known each other that long.
I just met you at the Bowery Cross from the Chuck E. Cheese.
What?
Nothing. It's not worth getting into.
Okay.
Hot tip, avoid anal.
So, clench the butter cheeks?
It's not required to clench them.
Believe me, you can get someone pregnant
with anal sex in the mix.
Not from it, obviously, but you know.
What?
I don't know.
Oh.
Never mind.
I don't know, I guess that's all the time we have.
I feel like we learned a lot.
You know, we got to learn how to stop,
because you're actually never too old
to learn a new trick.
See you later.
Babies are a thing you just got to lay on your stomach
after and let it sleep.
So, Breachy's got the true unfiltered advice.
For the record, I have a similar rag not used
for picking up a rat corpse.
We put our rat corpse in a shoebox
for the record.
They told us that we had to have maintenance come picking up,
because I guess they want to track
my building's wonderful rat population.
So, we kind of had a rat corpse in our apartment
for a couple hours.
Just sitting in a rat, just sitting in a box.
They also took a picture of it.
Actually, I took a picture of it.
They forgot to take a picture of it.
Then they texted me and said,
can you text us a picture of that rat corpse?
I'm guessing showing an animal corpse
on stream is against TOS.
And also, I don't really want to
revel in this rat's death too much.
You'd put it in the hallway.
Yeah, that would have been an option.
I felt kind of bad for it.
Did I tell you guys the whole...
You killed Scott real nice.
I don't know about that rat family on the streets.
Save it for the Patreon.
Yeah, that does feel more like a Patreon exclusive.
A Patreon punishment.
Thanks for subscribing to our Patreon.
Did you guys see the rat corpse?
It was pretty big.
It was a pretty normal size.
Kendall, do you think that rat was bigger than your average rat
or was it a normal sized rat?
I don't think she's paying attention.
Hey, Kendall.
Do you think our rat was bigger than your average rat
or a normal sized rat?
Oh, yeah. Do you want to talk about the rat to chat?
Did they not see this photo?
I don't think I should show them the dead rat, right?
Okay, we're not going to show you a dead rat.
Do you like I can measure the rat from here?
Right?
What's the size of an average rat?
I guess that's the kind of thing I could Google.
Average rat.
It felt big.
The reason I'm bringing this up is to me, it felt big.
I can... Do you have a measuring tape right now?
Maybe?
Am I going from head to tail or what?
So the average rat is 6 to 10 inches.
Is that from head to tail or does that include no tail?
Does that no tail or...
That's a body length.
Body?
The tail length of a rat is 4 to 10 inches?
God, they can have such long tails.
This rat was about 7 inches.
It was about 7 inches.
We're placing it off our floorboards on the picture of it on the ground.
I'm not trying to brag chat, but I got at least a 7 inch rat.
You know what I mean? Kendall's not happy with that one.
6 to 10 inches is not pleasant to think about.
That's not my favorite fact I learned recently.
Kendall, do you want to describe the rat's moment of death?
It was so, so sad.
It was a little sad.
We didn't get to choose its way of going.
It's a way of leaving the apartment.
Not life, but the apartment.
It was whatever maintenance brought and they decided to bring two rat traps.
It was very sad because we were trying to go for a non-leasing day.
We were going to catch it, but it was not getting caught by our little cat traps.
It was like a day and a half that this thing just wouldn't touch the rat trap.
Then we went to the movies and we came back.
The bait on the rat trap was gone.
We were like, oh my god, this thing's smart.
It literally ate the thing without getting trapped.
That's cool of it.
We were debating whether we should put more bait on it,
but I was afraid that whatever case was going to put on it would trigger it.
We just didn't do anything.
We just left it alone and left it by its hole where it was.
Then we went to sleep and we're doing the thing where we sleep with the doors closed.
Everything's closed. We're trying to block it.
We locked everything down to keep it out of the bedroom.
We're trying to keep it in the kitchen.
It was six in the morning.
We hear a f**k.
A b**ch.
And then a bunch of like, s**t.
Yay, we all said no.
The thing is we slept late that day too.
We didn't have much sleep, but it was so sad.
It would be quiet or just like, okay, s**t, go check it.
Then every once in a while we'd hear more s**t.
So I was putting on clothes to go hammer it today.
With a big hammer.
Yeah, because it was so sad to listen to.
I was like, we need to do something to take it out of its fr**king misery right away.
Because they told me, what?
They told me this thing went somewhere because they're like,
it's 90 pounds of force.
Put your finger there. It's going to break a bone.
I'm like, okay, that means if it breaks our finger bones,
it's going to break a rat.
It's going to go hard on this rat.
It's going to go hard on the rat, right?
I don't think it was alive for very long.
I think it was only about 30 seconds.
No, it was like a few minutes.
Yes, I'm pretty sure it was like a few minutes,
like at least two or three.
I think it was more like a minute.
Well, anyway, if you can't avoid snap traps or poison especially,
I would say do it, but also when you got a rat,
you got to get rid of it.
It'll get you sick eventually.
Well, it wasn't like a hammering a rat.
It was like, since it was like on the thing,
we're going to go like, right on its freaking head
because that's what the internet said to do.
Yeah.
Obviously, I would have grabbed my samurai sword if I had time
and given it the fully honorable death.
Yeah, but this is why I say it was like two to three minutes
because case, he won, he got out of bed
and we were in bed for a bit because we were just like,
well, then he was put on clothes and then we kept hearing it,
which prompted us to Google how to take it out of its misery.
And then case went around trying to find something to whack its head
and then eventually we stopped hearing it.
And that's when case was like, okay, I'm going out there
and I'm going to crawl over the counter to see
if it's still in the kitchen, if it's still in the rat trap.
What's that naked?
I was like, let me get nude really quick so that I can do,
so that I can be on an even playing field with this creature.
No, I didn't put on clothes, I didn't put on a shirt.
It does not sleep naked.
No, I don't.
I was worried, honestly, it was rolling around so much
that I was worried it might kind of like claw and gnash at me
because I wasn't sure if it had actually been like
gotten on the neck or anything.
I was like, maybe it just got like its tail or some shit.
It's just like scurrying around.
Yeah, that would have been sad.
But it got its neck.
That sounded right, right?
Like if it got an arm or a leg,
it was crawling around for a bit, you know,
but like it straight was just like so sad it was right on its neck.
Thank you for the 19 months, Timmy, the brain over this morose rat torture story.
No, it like got it exactly where it was supposed to.
And the other fucked up thing is this rat had already eaten the bait somehow.
And not, yeah, I know, but it's just, it's so sad for the rat
that it had made it through the trap.
Yeah, so it was like, this is safe because I ate stuff from it.
It's like Indiana Jones replaced the statue and it didn't trigger anything.
And then you just whacked the statue podium.
It was so, so, so, so sad.
I guess he got like overconfident.
He's like, this trap ain't shit.
I'm going to go back and just press on it for fun with my head.
Yeah, it's so sad because like the rat trap, it's not just his head.
So Case thinks it was suffocated because both its arms are also,
so inside.
Yeah.
So he's thinking it got it like here instead of like at his fr...
Dad, I wish we did it in a different way.
I would have much rather trapped it and released it,
although I've heard that that's basically a death sentence for most animals too,
because then they're in like a unfamiliar biome basically.
That's most likely hostile to them.
No, we just put it back in the hole in the wall and then we seal up the hole.
Well, that's the best way to get rid of rats is to just,
or mice is to make sure your place is fully sealed.
We don't, we still don't know how this thing got in here though.
Because...
I should have rented a home.
Yeah.
Well, and also we're supposed to fucking move.
So part, so we're like, maybe we just leave in time,
but that keeps getting pushed back.
There was a point where coming home, outside in the parking lot,
I thought I saw a rat underneath our motorcycle
and I was like, it's out of the apartment!
It was just a fucking rag on the ground.
I haven't heard any other neighbors complaining about rats
and I haven't seen like,
they said mention something about a fumigator coming,
which was confusing because,
and they're like, but you don't need to leave.
Like you're gonna spray rat poison,
we don't need to leave.
You know, I don't know if he met like fumigate the whole place
or add a thing that made some smell weird,
because in this area of the kitchen,
it really did like smell chemically.
Yeah.
And I don't know if that was the bait or something,
but like it did smell like...
Oh, it's illegal to release rats.
They're an invasive species.
Yeah, I mean, I do think unfortunately probably the,
the friendliest thing to do as a neighbor is to just kill it.
But it does feel not great to do that.
I think the friendliest thing to do is to open it a French restaurant.
That's true.
We could have built it a little restaurant.
The water watch read it through so bad.
It did live in our kitchen too.
I know, it was just cooking.
It was a rat it doing.
It probably was just learning how to cook.
The rat guy that came in was like basically calling us stupid
in a very chill way.
Oh, because we put boxes up and there's like a little path
into our kitchen and we like stacked boxes to try to keep
the rat in the kitchen.
But I think he's stupid because I think it worked.
Because he like, he took the box for it.
And he was just like, this is not going to work.
And he sets it aside.
I'm like, wait, can we just like keep it there?
He's like, this is not going to stop it from doing anything.
We're just like, sir, please.
He's like, you fucking idiot.
He's like, how'd you guys get a rat in here?
He's like, you dumb pieces of shit.
He goes, well, yeah, he's definitely been on this counter.
He doesn't want to disinfect that.
And he's like, what this door is open.
This was doors open.
In case it was like, there's a hole behind our stove.
I don't know.
Yeah, we look behind the stove and there's just like a fairly
large hole for the electrical cord that I think a rat
could get through.
Loach here, Tyler.
Thank you for the 22 months.
Like all of us beautiful rats sneaking in with the subs,
the rat sub.
Can they chew through?
You're not a rat, by the way, Loach here, Tyler.
I'm just bad at transitioning into thinking subs from a story.
They can chew through a lot.
Apparently they can also get super flat.
Yeah.
The guy was asking if we have noticed any chewed wires.
And it's like, no, I'm pretty sure this rat came in last
night and then just, you know,
God, maybe he was chewing on my computer and that's why I was
having trouble with Snapchat for a few strings.
No, I'm pretty sure he came in that night.
He's like, ooh, a graphics card.
I'm 100% sure the reason the rat was here was because we had
a bucket of water on the ground that was just catching the AC.
So during like the heat wave, our AC started leaking and
we're like, well, I guess let's just put a bucket under there
for now.
Yeah.
And I'm pretty sure the rat was drinking AC unit water.
So gross.
But this is right after I was really shitting on Asmongold,
not that he didn't kind of deserve it for that fucking
rat, although his is way grosser.
That rat story of like using a rat, a rat corpse as an alarm clock.
I think it's punishment for me, for my judgment.
They sent me a rat immediately.
Although, well, I guess he was just drinking it.
I think he was just drinking it because that's where we saw
him run from.
Like that side of the road.
Maybe that would have killed him eventually.
No, I don't think so.
It's probably just water.
They eat so many different things that they're probably fine.
How small is the bucket?
It's a big bucket.
It's like a normal.
It's like a, it's a wide bucket.
It's not a bucket exactly.
It's like a, it's like an organizer.
I got like an organizing like tub thing from Target.
Basically we're making a lot of kind of bad decisions
based on being like, we're about to move.
So let's not make a stink about getting X or X fixed,
like the AC or like, we'll just let them fix it when
we move.
Because we keep thinking we're moving in like two weeks
and then we just don't.
We should have done the thing with the bucket that has like
food in the bottom and then the lid like does one of these
flippy guys.
Apparently there's another way to catch a rat is to like
loop a bucket.
Oh yeah.
My sister, different occasions, same house within the same
10 minutes, two different roommates of my sister was
like, you got to get a bowl.
You got to put peanut butter in the center of it.
And then you got to fucking loop up the other side of
like the rest of the bowl.
It needs to be a heavy bowl for that rat or that
he's just going to turn it over.
And there's just a bowl flying around the ground.
They said that to us.
They didn't hear each other.
They're on different sides of like the house and they
said it to us and within like 10 minutes and I was
like, is this the thing that's going around on
TikTok right now?
Like someone lubed up a bowl for a rat.
Got a cat.
Although I will say some house pets are like,
they've lost their predator instincts because
my Chihuahua, I had mice in Chicago.
I'm just followed by rodents, but I briefly had
mice in Chicago.
I had to kill another one with a snap trap there,
but we had a Chihuahua and it was,
it would just look at the rats or look at the mice.
A mice would like go across the floor and it would
just be like, hmm, that's nice.
No interest.
Yeah.
When I had cats, we never had mice or rats,
but any type of like bug they would just play with.
They wouldn't kill.
They wouldn't like, I don't know, they would stare
at it, pat at it, play with it.
My cat in Virginia killed every chipmunk on
our property, which was big.
So sad.
It killed like hundreds of them until they were
just all gone.
That's so sad.
It was sufficient.
It would kill like three or four a day.
That is so sad.
It would only take it like two months and
there were just no chipmunks in the area anymore.
You know, at one point I was like, maybe it
wasn't a rat, maybe it was like a chipmunk,
maybe it was a squirrel, just a really small
baby squirrel.
Cats are bad for that.
Yeah.
I mean, I would take a cat as our rat catcher.
Although I feel like some cats, this rat
would have been on like pretty even terms
with not a small rat.
Anyways, seven inches, average size
rat, set a big rat.
Seven inches feels really big.
And I'm saying that out loud.
I understand that that that sounds silly.
Head to butt, not head to end of tail.
This, this was the size of the rat.
Head to end of butt.
Head to butt hole.
I'll be honest though, even a five inch rat.
And fellas, this should make you feel better
if you're size obsessed.
Five inches, think of it as a rat
and it's fucking gross.
It's too big.
Five inches.
But like a seven inch rat.
What the fuck?
That's crazy.
That's wild.
That's the size of my head.
That's wild.
How fat?
It's probably a normal rat, but I don't know.
I'd rather they're smaller.
I'm gonna find out how fat it is.
This one wasn't that fat.
He was lean and mean.
What would you say?
It's like three fourths, three fourths
the size of a rat trap.
It was a big rat trap too.
I don't know, its legs are kind of meaty.
Just poor guy.
He said they're just like, fuck.
It's really such a sad photo.
Oh, he died next to his poopy.
Look.
Oh, he might have shit when he died.
That's so sad.
Anyone wants a photo?
Just DM me.
I had to disinfect my floor and the counters the other day.
What can you do?
Sometimes you just have to live that rat life.
Patreon it?
Yeah, we'll show you on the Patreon if you want.
The cream dot team Patreon if you really want the rat stuff.
All right, Kendall, should I do my last segment
so we can get out of here?
Yeah, we're going to the house.
We probably at least want to eat, right?
Yeah.
Guys, I've built.
Oh yeah, one more story.
I cried this weekend out of stress.
So like we're painting, we're building Ikea furniture.
I bought us a big wardrobe because the house doesn't come with a closet
because that's the way it is.
Part of the wardrobe is the corner piece like the L,
but you can choose to have hangers on the left
and shelves on the right or reversed, right?
And I thought that if you ordered online through Ikea
and you do the thing that you design it the way you want it to,
they send it all to you and they tell you how to do it
and I thought that's how it worked.
And that's not how it worked.
Okay, I didn't realize I built this thing the opposite way that I wanted to build it.
And it's only important because the wardrobe is going to is a sandwich between two doors.
So it needs to have like a certain length on each side of the fucking walls, right?
And me switching that bitch, I think what a fucked it up or not fucked it up.
I don't think it does actually fuck it up.
I think we could keep it the way it is to be honest, but I'm not that I don't know for sure.
Anyway, I built the whole thing.
I looked at the front of the packet and I was like, wait a fucking minute.
I built it in reverse and I like go out into the living room.
I find the second packet and both packets are the same except one is oriented left
and one is oriented right.
I wanted to kill myself.
Yeah, she was upset.
I was very upset.
I don't think I've ever built an Ikea thing though
and not done some major step wrong that necessitated me on building like at least 30% of it.
I think I fuck it up basically every time.
So.
But I'm good at reading instructions.
I just did it.
I thought the packet itself was going to be like, OK, now this is when you get to choose
if it's left or right.
You know what I mean?
I didn't realize it came with two different packets.
That's like he had to get you with something.
They're sneaky.
Kind of like the instructions are always so clear in Ikea products.
I'm like, are they?
It's like they are.
It's always just like six drawings and you have to kind of like.
But I really focus up to connect.
I think Ikea instructions are super easy.
I think they're not terrible, but I think people's attention to detail is what's bad
because if you look at a drawing and you're like, this has six holes.
All these other things have six holes.
Which board is it that has the six holes?
Like, well, does the one board have a giant circle in the left hand corner
and a small circle in the left hand bottom corner?
And then is it closer to the right than it is to the center?
Because that's what's going to determine what board you're looking at.
I'm just saying that took a lot of explanation from you.
So how clear are they?
So clear.
People just need to look with their eyes.
OK.
You got to read the whole thing first.
They got to look with their eyes instead of guess with their freaking.
This is mean candle world problems.
We all have kind of a world problem sometimes.
OK, well, aren't they numbered or lettered at the pens?
Shall we do the last thing?
I could also say Rogan for tomorrow and I could set him up to talk to Trump
instead of him just talking to the other Rogan or they could both talk to Trump.
But I would have to set it up and I think it'll be too annoying to view it today.
Maybe we do that.
We'll save Rogan for tomorrow and we'll end by talking to the dang Joker.
You know, I'll have DJ music talk to the Joker.
We'll get out of here with some music for the day to punish Kendall for
building the IKEA wrong.
She has to listen to DJ music.
Have you ever been on a work call and I'm doing like an insane Yelly song?
Yeah, all the time.
That's when I run to the bathroom.
I take work calls from the bathroom when Casey's streaming.
Oh, we hit the hot dog thing.
We'll do that tomorrow too.
I have to go buy a hot dog and a string.
Do you want to see what we're doing, Kendall?
Have you seen this on Tic-Tac?
I might have.
Let's show it off.
Tic-Tac, work please.
OK, hot dog string challenge.
Oh, yeah.
I like the funky.
We're going to do this.
I feel like I'm going to just flip the hot dog off the string.
I got to tie it tight.
Does anybody get it?
Oh, she looks like she's got it.
No!
OK, this is blind dog.
How many tries?
How many tries?
How many tries?
How many tries?
How many giving up?
Maybe some plus?
I'm going to get it.
See if people got it?
None of those ladies got it.
But they could get it, you know what I mean?
We don't degrade women this way.
Yeah, that's true.
I could get it.
Probably not.
I'm going to get an 18 inch glizzy to make it easier.
Punch it in the throat.
That's probably fair.
Immediate death.
Case glizzy got this in the bag.
Am I good at catching things with my mouth?
You know who's good?
Not my brother.
OK, not Case's brother.
OK, my brother.
What kind of sloth are you?
Is surprisingly good at
having a shrimp.
Is it the same thing?
When they throw the shrimp.
He's good at getting the shrimp.
I bet he could do the hot dog thing.
OK, let's send it to DJ Newzik to get us out of here for the day.
He's got to talk to the dang Joker.
Who I guess is going to provide some context on whatever story
DJ Newzik is covering.
It makes enough sense.
It's time for DJ Newzik.
It's so bright everybody.
It's way too bright for me, DJ Newzik.
Oh, that's better.
OK.
Hello everybody.
Is DJ Newzik y'all?
I'm out on the roof again.
You know I'm back on the roof, my friends.
Because we're out on the roof again.
All right, let's see what's going on today.
Well, now and then.
Case is covered barely any news today.
But that's not going to stop me from covering this news
Newzik Lee.
Let's see what kind of stories he missed.
My guess is most of them.
All right.
A story about multiple intense orgasms.
All right, let's talk about that, I guess.
I can't help it that this was shared with me as news.
It's not my fault that they want me to talk about orgasms.
If you want to share stories, you go to the cream.tm.
And if there's penises or orgasms in the story,
I'm probably more likely to click on it
because I'm an idiot, yeah.
Hello.
All right, let's see what's going on.
Sorry, just pulling up everything.
Sometimes your DJ Newzik, Newzik board
is giving you trouble, you know.
Well, God damn it.
Please work.
Oh, and I ran out of music.
I didn't.
All right, let's get into this.
It's time to learn about something a little sexy.
It's time to get a little sexy, y'all.
Woo.
Is this a story or just a description of my life?
I'll let you be the judge while we cover this.
Newzik Lee.
Ah.
I got a story, come and get them.
Multiple stories, just one.
Multiple orgasms, sorry.
We talking about coming.
We talking something.
We getting done.
We ain't frontin'.
It's unhappy, y'all.
We're all the time for her because she's coming all the time, girl.
Dad let her come with the 18 months, you know they don't front.
Well, I'm about to stunt because I'm talking about how I always come.
I mean, this girl always comes and it's a problem, y'all.
So talk to your girl if she's coming too much.
It might be ruined in her world, whoa.
Heaven orgasms all day long, well it might sound like a dream.
But what if I told you, you ain't treating your girl like a queen by making her come.
A woman who's rare condition causes her to spontaneously arouse.
She's sayin' splut down, splut down, I'm coming too much now, oh whoa.
It's not something you wanna have, it can be very distressing.
Worn the unnamed 29-year-old suffering from an anticlimactic affliction, orgasm addiction.
It's a viral Ask Me Anything post on Reddit, so you know this is worth writing an entire article about.
It's based on facts if you can handle that orgasm's in the back with chat.
The poor gal specifically suster suffers from persistogenital oryousal.
It's gettin' bolder because they're callin' that shit a disorder.
It involves experiencing unwanted sensations of arousal, guess where?
In your genitals, it's in your genitals, it's all up in your genitals, gal.
Lalalala.
She's also noticed some telltale warning signs of an impending titillation,
explaining that sometimes I get panicky and disassociative.
I get tingling in my genitals.
Come on girls, I'm gettin' tinglin' in my genitals.
But it's not good girls, it's bad girls.
Lalalala.
She added that she will feel tingling in her glitters.
And then it spreads to her rectum and cervix area.
While the condition might sound like perpetual pleasure,
the Redditor says that many paradoxically end in agony and pain for pleasure.
She's never felt better, but she's also never felt worse.
For me it's not sudden, but it's a slow buildup.
Whoa whoa whoa.
And the buildup doesn't always end in whoa whoa whoa orgasm.
So I never truly know if I'm gonna have an orgasm, she wrote.
It's intense pleasure that it does end up causing pain.
It makes me so nauseous and the nausea makes me more fearful or upset.
And the pain because I hate throwing up.
It feels worse and worse and worse and worse and worse,
but the pain and the pleasure won't stop.
It's bad and it's good.
It hurts so bad that it's just too much, you know?
It's like, oh shit.
Whoa whoa whoa shit.
Honestly I can see that being a big pain in the ass.
It's like, you know, getting a back rub for too long.
You're like, the muscle's been needed as much as it needs.
And I need it to stop, but I also can't get enough.
Anyway, that's our orgasm news for the day.
And that's the music.
But, we said we'd talk to Joker for some reason.
So let's find a dang Joker beat and get the Joker's opinion
on having too many orgasms.
Kendall's not laughing at that, she's laughing at the show she's watching.
I believe it.
Oh boy, a Joker type trap beat.
I bet these are gonna be some of the finest trap beats there are.
Alright.
Where's the Joker y'all?
I need specifically Feral Joker.
We might just have to settle for close enough.
Woo!
I need to find me a Joker, can someone please give the Joker a call?
I need Joker y'all!
Alright, it looks like we found him.
I'm gonna say this is as close as we can get.
On short notice to the Feral Joker.
He needs to tell us about orgasming too much.
Is it good? Is it bad? We love to get celebrity opinions here.
So please welcome to the stage of this time, Feral Joker.
Feral Joker, definitely.
Wow everybody, it's Feral Joker.
It doesn't really have teeth.
Don't need them, I'm too feral.
Alright, sort of sounds like a pretty generic Joker.
You wanna ask me how I got these scars?
Okay, it's cause I dropped fucking bars.
That's how you got the scars?
Scars for bars.
I got scars.
Cause I dropped bars.
GASMING TOO MUCH!
Check your fucking probit, I Gorgon hasn't do much.
I don't ever actually orgasm enough.
Joker baby, and I have never come.
Huh?
Yes, it's true.
I've had my face in white, but I don't blue.
I cannot come.
I go stupid, but I never go dumb with ropes.
It's a joke.
Never coming, ugh.
Oh no.
You said you had bars, Joker.
I swear I do.
Well, you're saying it's rough that you don't orgasm?
Yep.
Listen up.
The Batman.
He grabbed my genitals and said,
I can give you Joker an extra Batman hand.
He tugged all day, but I never blasted man.
What?
Batman juggered me off.
I'm like, come on Batman, please don't stop.
I'm your other half, and you have to make me blast.
He said I'll do it, Joker.
I'm gonna finger your ass.
He put it in my ass, but I still didn't blast.
I said are you trying Batman, you're making me laugh.
He said, I'll make you come Joker.
I'll do it today.
I said you're barely trying Batman, make me laugh.
What?
I don't even have to ride.
That's how twisted I am.
I'm feral, Joker.
And I wanna bust.
I don't feel like we're learning a lot here, Joker.
I've never fucking learned how to blast off,
and I feel burned.
I wanna grab.
I wanna blow.
I want Robin to make me explode.
I got Batman and Robin, and they both got the grip.
I'm like, grab it tight boys, please do not slip.
They got the white makeup on their hands,
because I'm sweating baby from all of my Joker glands,
but I still can't bust.
And it's a tragedy.
Two superheroes calamity.
Tugging off, but they just can't make it happen.
I'm like, damn boys, this handjob ain't slappin'.
I regret asking you to come here and do this, Feral Joker.
Why?
I'm an expert in not busting the opposite of...
There's two sides to every story.
Is this how Feral Joker sounded?
Must be.
Alright, well I guess thanks.
You're welcome, providing the context these stories need.
Look, the opinions of Feral Joker don't necessarily reflect the opinions of barely informed news.
I don't even think what he said was offensive, it was just...
Confusing, and most of it didn't rhyme.
Well that's just how it goes sometimes.
Alright, that's it.
We did it once again with DJ Newzik.
Okay, we're done.
Thanks for hanging out with me, I think we all had some fun.
Well, well, let's see.
We gonna go raise someone so musically.
Yeah, yeah, what do you do?
Let's see who we can raid and send you all off to them.
Woof, woof, woof, checking one thing before I blast you all off out of here for the day.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sorry, let's have a trouble finding something that I want to find.
Mm-hmm. There it is, okay.
And now we're actually good to end the stream.
Gina Darling is on, but still do's on too.
Who should I send off to the cream team?
Alright, we raid Gina Darling all the goddamn time.
So let's raid still do cause he's looking so fine.
That's Dylan Stewart, yes.
From G4 too.
He streams? Well, you know he still do.
Alright, that's it.
Another stream in the bag.
Gala, you kids of Maladell.
Wish you well.
Propaganda dropping gorillas in chat to give them hell.
Well, I'm DJ Newzik and I sing till we're done.
This stream's going well after the setting of the sun.
We gotta love the hate and darn Johnson in chat.
And thanks for hanging out everybody.
I hope you come back.
Oh my god, you know the stream so mean.
I want to give an extra shot or two.
I boy Bruce Green.
Thank you so much for the raid of DJ Newzik.
You see, I'm bringing you the new thing.
So goddamn easily.
Uncle Phil 2k great to see you.
Ray Silva as well.
Thanks everybody for hanging out.
Say hi to Dylan for me and have a beautiful night.
That's it for DJ.
Yeah, those vocals are warmed up, baby.
Bye bye everybody.
We did it.
You know, there's no elevator up here.
I gotta take this.