I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said check check stare.
Case Blackwell said heads up from your firm as president.
You can now request specific songs be made with Channel Points via Case's new collab with G4.
Just include at least a title.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's do this!
I'm Papito!
Hello everybody.
Indeed it's time to do whatever this is.
I see Giggle Goblin is saying things.
I have no idea what you're talking about for the record, but have fun.
The um, DJ C4 thing is the new studio segment.
It's just a, it's a segment to make the songs that we have previously made, but maybe without the AI lyrics.
Maybe with lyrics we actually, we just write.
It was stuck at 123?
What happened?
Hmm, I don't know.
Things break here all the time.
Papito?
Do you have any idea how any of that works?
I don't know how anything breaks or works or what happened with anybody.
But, you're on the screen aren't you?
So, I can't argue with that.
Don't then don't argue with that.
Okay, sticking a heart standing against AI.
No!
Maybe just less, less enthused about it than a couple years ago.
Okay, good to see everybody.
Apple DApple, Live and Sleazy, Card King, PB7, Matt Liddell, Entity, Be Grendel, John Michael,
Uncle Phil 2K, good to see you all.
Anybody else?
I'm hanging out in chat.
Thanks so much for being here.
It's Friday.
It's a smooth easy.
Sinking into the weekend.
Here at Benwee support crypto NFTs and all.
I should really figure out, oh look at my glowing with power.
Three day weekend in the US, is it?
Is there a holiday?
Is it Memorial Day already?
Wait, when's Memorial Day?
Oh my God, Monday's Memorial Day.
I'm working on Sunday though, so I technically have a shorter weekend.
I have negative one weekend.
I never remembered Memorial Day.
I'm not doing exactly what the holiday is for.
We need Papito Coin?
I don't really want, I don't even know how crypto works well enough to pump and dump you guys.
I think it would just be a dump from the start.
I'm sure you could make a Papito Coin.
There's somebody good.
It's like a werewolf, but it doesn't come as often.
Memorial Day?
I've always thought Memorial Day's a lot like a werewolf.
That's a really good point.
What is Memorial Day?
You know, it'll give you the accurate definition.
Instead of what's in my head, which is a day for car sales or something.
That might be Presidents Day actually.
I know that it's for the military.
I don't know if it's for a specific, why does my brain say like Normandy?
I don't think that's right though.
The men who gave the, who've given so much in service to their country, Memorial Day,
is what the Google AI overview says.
It's soldier day.
It's soldier boy day.
You can do that soldier boy by honoring our veterans.
And I'm talking about the Honda Day sale.
A day of national celebration.
When did we start Memorial Day?
May 30th, 1868.
So it's probably has nothing to do with the Normandy invasion then.
Also known as Decoration Day.
What, observed on May 30th?
It used to be Decoration Day.
The holiday was proclaimed by Commander-in-Chief John A. Logan of the
Grand Army Republic to honor the Union soldiers who died in the American Civil War.
And then we said, why stop there?
Let's honor them all.
Well, hey, I'm not trying to cast dispersions against honoring our hard-working boys in green.
Decoration Day Wood does sound a little more fun to me.
I think the soldiers could get behind it too.
If we really put out a bunch of...
We could even make them all military decorations.
I don't know, everybody wears tons of medals.
It's a day of stealing Valor.
It's the one day you get to steal Valor.
I steal Valor all the time.
If I see some, I gobble it up.
That's probably bad, Pepita.
I'll claim anything to get anything.
I'm a veteran.
You're not.
I could.
I mean, I'm a dog, so who's gonna know?
Nobody wants to be mad at a dog.
You have the Remembrance Day, Memorial Day, Armed Forces Day, and Veterans Day.
It is a lot of soldier holidays, but no politician's ever gone out of
a politician business by making more days to honor soldiers.
Pepito served in a rack?
Yeah, I decided that I did.
You can't decide that now.
Everybody just agreed.
And it was a difficult time.
And you can't, and it's fucked up, are you to...
Are you mad at me?
I'm not mad, I'm just saying stop stealing Valor.
No, it's my Valor now.
So if anybody takes it from me, now they're stealing mine.
Hmm.
Oh, he is treated by a veterinarian.
Counts.
I can say I'm a vet.
Because you go to a veterinarian?
Counts.
Hmm.
He does kind of look like he's interacted with.
Radiation, which does seem vaguely militaristic to me.
On your side again, Pepita.
I told you.
Everybody respect my veterinarian status.
That is a different thing.
I don't know, case.
Get off my back and honor me.
Okay, well it's also not Memorial Day yet.
But maybe it's, let's start a new holiday.
May 23rd.
Samurai Day.
Those are military.
Samurai is military.
Samurai Day?
National American Samurai Day.
Is that like the movie?
That's a different thing.
My thing.
Okay, you can call for it, Pepita.
But I don't think, I don't know if it's going to take off.
I already did. Everybody loves it.
Okay, well again, if you want the new segment, it's in the request rotation.
Feel free.
Might be a little janky.
I don't really know.
For instance, how to work with Pro Tools, but I did download that.
So that's an option we have now.
For now though, let's send it to the news because there's always news happening.
What's the news?
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
The take you wanted through history.
America is like a space.
Yes. Good to see you all.
It's your favorite.
Openly.
Patriotic post.
Kind of, I see you were having some fun with the concept of Memorial Day.
Hope you feel proud of yourself.
Fuck you, Rick.
Sir, actively servicing what?
This whole stream with my military expertise.
For instance, we're about to be invincible.
Courtesy of the Golden Dome.
I'm sure you're all excited about that.
As excited as me.
Yeah, I'm very excited for that.
To for sure happen.
I'm detecting hints of sarcasm.
But once you pay for the Golden Dome, you get it within three years.
That's what Trump said.
Well, I'm glad that you have faith.
I have better than faith.
I'm proud of the military budget at my disposal.
There's no way you're that high in the military or CIA or whatever you claim to be.
And you're also on this stream.
I can do what I want.
That's what happens.
Once you've infiltrated the government at a high enough level,
you can go on random Twitch streams and just antagonize one guy.
Is that what you're doing?
No, I'm happy to be here.
Okay, well, I don't want to talk about the Golden Dome.
Or maybe we could, but what else is going on?
Uh, looming xenophobia continues to loom.
Okay, that's a little reductive case.
Prove me wrong, Rick.
Ugh.
I'll take over.
Judge blocks Trump's decision to bar foreign student enrollment at Harvard.
Oh, you must be so happy that our country's becoming less secure by the minute case.
Feeling pretty secure right now, Rick.
Look at this guy go.
I was in the middle of some serious political discussion here.
Of one sided discussion to be fair.
It's only one of us knows what we're talking about.
Can you thank people at least, Rick?
Of course I can.
I am a very good boy.
Thank you Stormbird so much for the 31 months.
I thank you Apple Daple for the 100 bits, feeding Tases Dog more cheese even though it's bad for it.
Dilemma and also, is that your-
No, it's Fiona's dog.
Okay, Dilemma thank you for the 31 months.
I scared him off using my CIA karate.
I think you can say karate like that.
It's official CIA pronunciation.
Uncle Phil 2K, thank you so much for the 100 bits.
And summoning the panther.
Oh, we did get him.
We already got the DJ C4 thing.
It didn't trigger the sub case.
Hey, when you request the DJ,
it's supposed to do this.
There we go, that's how we know.
Oh, it's tied to the music redemption.
That's why you gotta troubleshoot these things, Rick.
Fly, and stream.
Can we turn down this screaming train?
Are you saying something better than this audio track, Rick?
I think we need to keep it nice and loud to draw you out, actually.
I turned it down.
Okay, we are hyped up, but the train's not available right now?
The train will probably show up eventually.
It could possess you at any moment, Rick.
I have anti-possession medallions under this jacket, so good luck with that.
I just mean, you'd be surprised.
It is a train from hell.
It has quite a bit of power.
Oh, no.
No!
How are you inside, Rick, but you just look exactly like you usually do.
I immediately became my perfect form.
We're working, thank you so much for the 31 months.
Okay, so you're not careful, you're gonna have to download...
Fortnite before the end of the stream.
Shit, is Darth Vader even still on Fortnite?
If not, you're gonna have to figure something out.
You have it after talking all that shit about,
hey, I'm gonna have to download some AI voice thing again
if it's not on Fortnite anymore.
Anyway, we did get a request for DJC for Rory Blarneystone, Celtic Dubstep.
Rockin' in the green screen is the name.
I'm assuming Rory Blarneystone is the artist.
Celtic Dubstep is the style.
And Rockin' in the green screen is the name of the song.
Dubstep? The genre of Celtic Dubstep?
And also, does Dubstep even usually have lyrics?
Maybe.
Okay, well, do you want to talk about the news hype train?
Not at all. Zero interest.
Uh, for me, on that particular shitty idea case,
she'd mad at my ass. That's what I'm interested in.
We not go with ass or piss or butt today?
Uh, did I shit not in my ass?
I actually don't need it, because we're gonna go to a whole
probably lengthy music segment anyway.
You don't really need to rap today.
If you just want to talk about federal judges blocking deportations.
Sorry, barring foreign student enrollment.
Celtic Dubstep.
It has to be a genre, if not skating, Celtic Dubstep?
Scatting.
I think Celtic Dubstep sounds fine.
I am, currently our beat production is a little bit limited
from what I know of DJ C4, even though he claims to be a DJ.
I think he's mostly a vocal DJ.
He mostly knows how to mix vocals, I think.
But we'll figure out a way.
The hype train shits piss cakes.
I've done it.
Okay, well, if you're not gonna rap, then I guess
bring back Rick.
No, I'm possessed him.
Meaning that there's no choice but to rap, case.
Because the train is here and you can't deny that.
Oh, man.
We can give ourselves a little primer by typing in Celtic Dubstep.
Actually, Celtic Trap Beat.
We'll warm up with Celtic Trap.
Best medieval Celtic Slavic Nordic Trap Beats.
Oh, there's a whole playlist.
This is Slavic.
I need Celtic Dubstep.
Well, I'm saving Celtic Dubstep.
I couldn't find Celtic Trap.
That worries me.
Celtic Trap Beats.
We'll just go with the genre of Celtic Beats.
Celtic Beats?
Two hit people with chelales too.
That's what they did, right?
Chelales, that's the thing.
Aren't you supposed to be Irish?
I don't know how popular chelales were back in the day.
Well, let me wind you a towel then.
A towel of chelales.
And, uh, shitting.
Oh, man.
A hoity-toity-tie, a highly tidy toe.
I shit out chelales, you know.
I shit out chelales, you know.
By that, I mean I turned your family into chelales.
What?
I turned your family into chelales.
And then I shit them out.
Huh?
That's my power.
I turned your family into chelales in my bowels.
You're not sounding that Irish, I've trained.
You summoned my tail.
Could you just go with a story that's not about shitting?
First I found your father, he was on the toilet.
Turned into a chelale wooden chelon.
Yes.
Then I found your mother as well.
Turned her into chelales and put her in my stomach.
Then I found the rest of your family.
Several sisters and brothers.
And what'd you do?
I turned them into chelales, put them in my stomach,
and then I shut them out.
This is low effort even for you, hype train.
We've got comments.
Does the hype train have any nephews?
Um, I have a hype scooter that I've been told I'm related to.
The hype?
Thank God.
No!
We're gonna save those beats for later.
Rick, have you been unpossessed yet?
You frickin' idiot?
Frickin' idiot.
That's so mean!
What happened?
I've blacked out for a minute.
It's been 45 years since the Shining was released in theaters.
KJ Zana, thank you for the fun fact.
Who knew?
45 years.
Does the hype train have any nephews?
Oh, that was the question, yes.
Apparently he has a hype scooter.
Cousin, possibly.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm actually here to discuss the news case.
Okay, I guess we should get to it then.
I was.
You cut me off in the middle of talking.
I saw total blackness for a fraction of a second.
Now I'm back.
Okay, a judge blocks Trump's decision to bar foreign suit enrollment at Harvard.
We're back on it.
Seamless.
A federal judge on Friday blocked the Trump administration from cutting off Harvard's enrollment of foreign students,
and action the Ivy League School decried as unconstitutional retaliation for defying the White House's political demands.
In its lawsuit filed earlier Friday in federal court in Boston,
Harvard said the government's action violates the First Amendment and will have an immediate and devastating effect
for Harvard and more than 7,000 visa holders.
Yeah, I think it's pretty dumb to target foreign students.
This previously aren't like financial and on our college sector was sort of one of the jewels of American achievement,
I would guess we actually sort of attract students from around the globe.
And Trump seems to be kind of dead set on stopping that.
Well, but on making that process safer, actually,
if you're a foreign student who loves our country,
then it's never been a better time to probably be at a university, assuming we let you.
But apparently federal judges hate safety.
With the stroke of a pen, the government has sought to erase a quarter of Harvard's student body.
International students who contribute in significantly to this university at its mission,
Harvard said in its suit without its international students, Harvard is not Harvard.
The ruling from US District Judge Allison Burroughs puts the sanction against Harvard on hold pending the lawsuit.
Or as we like to say, we'll revisit this in 30 days.
I forgot the official permanent government policy for everything is.
Talk to us in a month.
Yes, the powerful policy of just wait, just wait till you see.
This seems promising though.
For who? You're not even a foreign student case.
You're like a nearly dead, uneducated swine.
I went to college.
What a state school.
Yeah, UVA.
What do you want, a medal?
No, I got a diploma.
White Everconners need those slots.
Why would we deny refugee status to anyone?
We're denying refugee status to everyone but them.
I mean, why would we deny it to anyone who is, needs...
We're helping people out as the point.
Specifically white South African people and nobody else.
Well, we're trying to make it that way, but these judges are just freaking out for some reason.
The Trump administration move is thrown campus into disarray days before graduation.
Harvard said in a suit...
I'm wearing a suit.
Oh my God, you're so dumb.
Propaganda, 28 months. Thank you so much.
28 months.
That's almost a full college education.
It's like two years and six months.
Four months.
What did you learn there how to sh- how to sh-
sh- up your slays like Thomas Jefferson?
You know, when I was there, there were several issues
between the university and black students
and general students, but I mean led by black students with...
I can't even remember.
But it was always like someone would reference like Thomas Jefferson
in some fucking awful newspaper or something.
And then there'd be like a protest.
I remember what it was.
There was a...
There was like the Cavalier Daily,
which was actually the arts and entertainment editor for, what a surprise.
And then there was like a side paper.
And that was supposed to be like the edgier student newspaper.
Oh my God, this...
Please, Case, don't tell us this.
I just don't care.
It's too late, Rick.
Anyway, the edgier student newspaper ran a cartoon,
I think of Sally Hemming whipping Thomas Jefferson.
And that created a protest.
Who could imagine why?
It was not hard to imagine why.
I saw the cartoon in it. It was a bit offensive.
It was whipping him.
I mean, I still think, you know,
I think they were within their rights to be a little bothered by that.
I don't think there were any black people on that newspaper at the time either.
Okay, well, and that's why you went to a bad college case,
and we're talking about important colleges right now.
Hey, UVA is traditionally considered pretty good for a state school, I think.
Okay, well anyway, back to the presidential agenda being stifled.
The impact would be the heaviest at graduate schools such as Harvard's Kennedy School,
where about half the student body comes from abroad,
and Harvard Business School, where about one-third are international.
Panties in a bunch.
Some bunched up panties.
You missed the first start of your favorite news stream for a stupid shower.
I'd say you made the right choice.
I do think the shower is always the right choice.
I took a shower right before the stream.
I don't believe you.
I did. That's how I look so clean.
I'm supposed to be reporting the facts to your case.
I'm getting a call from Kendall just one second.
Kendall, I'm on the stream, which you are also on currently just to warn you.
Oh, I'm just saying that everyone took a half day today, so I'm on my way home.
She's on the way back!
You know, I probably went stream for super long today, so...
I'll probably be done shortly after you're back.
Oh, okay.
Oh, just now I'm also getting dinner with Elena later, so...
Okay.
That's it. That's all I'm saying.
So I guess we'll have only two hours to hang.
One hour to hang.
One hour?
Yeah.
Hmm.
You can come help me record vocals on stream.
Wait, what are you doing?
I have to do a new segment where I make a song,
which is totally different than all the other things I constantly do.
I did.
I did think you just said nude and not new at first, but I understand.
That would be a bigger deviation if I did a nude segment for sure.
Can I show stream my new pants that I bought?
You sure can.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, we'll see you soon.
Okay, but bye!
Bye!
Yeah, I got a girlfriend, Rick.
Okay!
That's...
That's fine.
I'm so upset. Your voice got a lot higher there.
My voice is...
I can throw it around. Check this out.
Ah!
Pretty good.
Nude segment we watch you make pasta?
That's a much better nude segment, because I do not want to see your body.
You don't know what you're missing out on, Rick.
I'd rather talk about Harvard.
Well, we kind of get it. A judge blocked Trump's attempts, too.
You know, sell out international students or send them out, I guess, more accurately.
What else you got?
Well, there's plenty of exciting presidential news.
You said you didn't want to talk about that golden dome, but...
It's sort of part of this, because if we're trying to keep foreign people out,
even more than people, we have to keep out their missiles.
Which...
He's planning on doing.
Ahem.
What was that?
I heard a familiar noise.
Don't even worry about it, Rick.
What do you want to say about Trump's golden dome?
What don't I want to say?
Uh...
Wow, I need a golden dome picture now.
Golden dome.
You know, when you think of the word golden and Trump,
the number one thing you're going to think of now is dome.
I kind of think of those purported stories of him,
like in a certain type of party.
I'm talking about a piss party, Rick.
You know what I'm talking about?
People are going to think of the golden dome.
Trump's golden dome plan could launch a new era of weapons in space.
US missile defense shield part of growing space military trend.
Exciting stuff.
US President Donald Trump's golden dome missile defense concept
revives a controversial decades-old initiative
whose ambitious construction could upend norms in outer space
and reshape relations between the world's top space powers.
The announcement of the golden dome,
a vast network of satellites and weapons in Earth's orbit
set to cost $175 billion
could sharply escalate the militarization of space,
a trend that has intensified over the last decade.
Space analysts say case.
Isn't that a job you wish you could have?
Analyzing space.
Space analysts.
If I didn't work for the CIA,
I'd consider a career change right now.
I'm definitely not qualified to be a space analyst.
If we're keeping the foreign people at bay
as case, new Chinese Blackwell here.
You're claiming to be Chinese now?
No, I never claimed to be Chinese.
I'm just a fan.
You know, I'm like a Yankees fan all the way in LA.
That's despicable.
I would actually argue being a fan of China
is less despicable than that.
Mmm, making the Star Wars missile defense new again.
Exactly. Let's hear him talk about it.
This is the part of the stream where we get to watch
Donald Trump say stuff.
Put that into your little music segment case.
Golden domes.
Let's hear him talk about it.
Come on, Trump.
Tell us about your beautiful dome.
This is courtesy of NBC News.
Who he's probably, he could yell at in the middle of this.
He likes to yell at news people.
People that I would build a cut-in-edge missile defense
shield to protect our homeland from the threat of
foreign missile attack.
And that's what we're doing today.
I'm pleased to announce that we have officially selected
an architecture for the state of the art system
that will deploy next-generation technologies
across the land, sea, and space,
including space-based sensors and interceptors.
And Canada has called us and they want to be a part of it.
So we'll be talking to them.
They want to have protection also.
Yes, and I'm just hoping.
So as usual, we help Canada do the best we can.
This design for the golden dome will integrate
with our existing defense capabilities.
It should be fully operational before the end of my term.
So we'll have it done in about three years.
Isn't that incredible?
Going to build an advanced, double-country protecting
missile defense system under budget and in three years.
Take that case.
Definitely won't happen.
What do you know?
I know that I'm extremely incredulous at the prospect
of this being finished in the next 10 years.
And I'm expecting it just won't happen at all.
But someone probably will get paid $100 billion to
fail at making this happen.
That you're just relying on pure pessimism there.
I think the more pessimistic choice is acting like we need
some giant missile defense system.
Who's actively threatening the US?
That's the point.
They won't ever be able to start actively threatening us
with inter-ballistic missiles,
intercontinental ballistic missiles.
With our dome.
Also with the rate technology is developing.
If we build some advanced system today,
is it still going to be effective when it's finally
finished in 10 years?
In three years.
Me? I am?
I can sleazy am.
It seems like a way to funnel more money to Elon Musk.
It's an open?
If anybody's got a pitch,
if anybody can negotiate the contract,
it's not like it's going straight to Elon.
There's a whole procedure that he'll win.
Because he's so good at making stuff like this.
Just start making stuff like this better than him
and you can do it.
You can do it, case.
If you can do it better than Elon.
You mean if I just get gifted all the infrastructure of SpaceX?
No, you have to build it up from scratch
and get going because we need to finish this
in three years.
You really think we're going to build
an incredibly advanced,
multinational apparently,
missile defense system in three years?
It'll be done before GTA 6.
New sub-goal?
That would be the ultimate sub-goal.
Just set the sub-goal at
175 billion bits.
So 175 billion times 100 bits.
The design reviews would take at least four years
and take another five years to build.
There's AI now.
Guys,
ChatchiPT's probably already finished all the review.
Does that sound like a wise decision?
Sounds like a quick decision.
You know, the fact that that doesn't sound
completely outside of the realm of possibility that
they would claim they could get this done faster
courtesy of AI is a pretty depressing thought.
But...
See, Grock will finish it in a day.
At Grock, where's our defense system?
At Grock, turn Trump into a missile.
It could do it.
It could do it.
Now, let's hear the president out.
You chimed in there with a lot of negativity.
But I bet he's going to land this ship,
assuming it's cleared and is
instructed on by our powerful missile defense system.
Once fully constructed, the Golden Dome
will be capable of intercepting missiles
even if they are launched from
other sides of the world and even if
they're launched from space.
And we will have the best system ever built.
As you know, we helped Israel with theirs
and it was very successful.
And now we have technology that's even far advanced
from that.
But including hypersonic missiles,
ballistic missiles and advanced cruise missiles,
all of them will be knocked out of the air.
We will truly be completing the job
that President Reagan started 40 years ago
for ever ending the missile threat
to the American homeland.
And the success rate is very close to 100%,
which is incredible when you think of it.
You're shooting bullets out of the air.
100%?
100%?
Livensleazy says,
finally speaking some reason to case,
the Golden Dome is more of a logistical thing
than a new equipment thing.
I'm sure that they could retrofit
some aspects of our military
to blast incoming missiles out of the sky.
I still think it'll take a decade
to actually get that up and functioning.
What do you know about the military?
I don't know shit.
I don't know shit to be fair.
But I do know about things taking forever.
And in my experience,
I just can't imagine the government
ever moving that quickly.
I could imagine you sell the contract
to Elon Musk,
and he just says it's done.
And it's basically like, you know,
he puts a missile plug-in into Starlink.
Yeah, that's...
You think that's not worth $175 billion?
Just saying. I could imagine us getting a version of it.
That courtesy of us currently, at least,
not being under direct attack from anyone,
never really gets tested.
And it's just another way to funnel $175 billion
to whatever oligarch
supported his campaign
to a bunch of different oligarchs.
Bureaucracy, yes, but ten years
is with existing hardware.
See, oh yeah.
It's like north of 90% effective.
He did say almost 100.
So, the fact he put an almost in there,
he's been very presidential lately.
Did you see his Get Well Soon to Biden?
Yes, his extremely presidential truth social.
His social is sweet,
what is it, wouldn't it be social?
It's not a tweet anywhere anymore, right?
Whatever. He's the president.
You know, Rick, you used to not be this pro-Trump.
But he's the president, so...
he's the president.
What do I know about ambitious business plans
falling through?
If it wasn't also like...
our current form of government,
I could imagine...
I'm sure there's a way you could, like,
cram some project like this through.
I still... I still...
I think even if you had like an incredibly
like efficient and ready government,
it would still take longer than three years to...
just the logistics of like...
shooting down any threat
around the entire country and Canada.
Seems very ambitious.
So, I would imagine it would take quite a while just to...
like, test it and then claim that it's actually effective and...
I don't know.
I... to be fair, I don't know jack-shit about, like, military hardware.
It just sounds like it absolutely will not happen in three years.
Who are you gonna trust here?
Trump?
Or anybody else?
Anybody else.
So sad.
What the president wants is basically impossible.
We used to believe in the impossible in this country.
You know, it was John F. Kennedy who said,
we choose to...
I choose between various women I saw in the movies.
I choose to...
I choose something... I think I choose the moon, I think is what he said.
And that was crazy at the time.
This isn't us trying to get to the moon.
This is us trying to shoot out...
shoot missiles that aren't actually...
There's no missiles attacking us that we're gonna be shooting out of the sky.
Only Tony Stark could do it.
Oh, Elon Musk, remember he's Tony Stark.
That was in, like, 20...
That was, like, in 2009.
I think we're past anyone still associating Elon Musk with Tony Stark, at least positively.
Yeah, I think it... I think conservatively it would take ten years to build.
But a conservative is saying it would take three years, so checkmate.
Okay, well, anyway.
The good and the bad, we're probably gonna line someone's pockets with a ineffective
and very slowly built missile defense system that, frankly,
I could also just see this story just sort of evaporating into the air.
No, it's three years.
Okay, we'll see. We'll check back in three years.
Or, you know, we'll have, like, the line-style ambitious construction project
that's just sort of continuously never being finished.
At Grock, is this true?
Grock, just wait for G... Let's hear what Grock has to say.
At Grock! At Grock!
At Grock! Help! Help me! At Grock!
What am I... What am I supposed to know here?
He's not talking back!
I think I have to do that on Twitter. It's X!
Oh my God. Okay, Rick, I've had enough. Let's move on.
Thank you, I guess, for being here.
Isn't that nice? Isn't it nice to thank me?
No, it actually feels pretty bad.
Okay, well, keep feeling whatever you're feeling. It's okay.
Just field in your own little shame bubble and stay out of the way of the big decision makers,
like me and President Trump.
It's very sad that you are trying to put yourself on the level of the most famous guy.
We're friends. It's pretty much the same.
Okay, we'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
Hello, everybody. It's good to see you all.
Turn off my voice modulator because I, for once, am not trying to hide my identity from various telemarketers.
Thank you so much for the continued support and summoning me in the face of various requests for a, frankly, band,
a fully-band former host who's no longer...
faces no longer allowed on this network.
The request today is for Big Hat to got to case and rig the pole.
There was no testing, no vetting of the judges and witnesses were compromised.
If people don't know what we're talking about here,
this very simple case has some bizarre idea to make a YouTube series about making ideas that he pulls out of a hat
that he gets from all of you.
And on a secret stream that I actually have proprietary footage of,
because I've got hyphen ears everywhere.
I've heard that it was rigged, that it was deeply rigged.
Everyone is furious. Everybody's talking about it.
Everybody knows exactly what I'm talking about and they're mad about it.
Let me see if I can find this footage of a case.
This supposedly above-board polling of ideas from hats.
I know this recording is somewhere.
I believe this recording is somewhere.
Wait a minute. I think I have it right here.
I think I have it right here.
Boom. Let's take a look.
Let's find out.
Exactly.
Okay, this is lying to us this time.
Is this it?
Oh my God, I think I found it.
Okay.
And then of course I'll YouTube it and we'll figure out what the real conspiracy is here.
Well, let's see him pull some ideas out of this stupid hat.
Acting like he knows what's going on.
Put up my laptop to stream.
I mean, there's a chance we are in Cass's backyard.
Yeah, you don't even know.
Unclear what backyard he's even in.
There's all sorts of noises back here though.
There's a really loud AC rack.
I have one out back.
Trying to cover his tracks.
If I didn't have this.
Shut up.
What the hell?
Just assaulting women out of nowhere.
I gotta start recording on the thing.
Oh, I got it.
What do people usually squat and dead live?
Guys, if you wonder why I'm streaming this late,
I'm not the judge's where is the security?
Where are two senators to verify the results of the poll?
We're already missing a lot.
Is he even in a backyard?
Is this a soundstage?
Has he faked a backyard to try to make it seem like he lives in a normal ish suburban neighborhood?
There's about 200 ideas in this hat.
There's a lot.
And we're going to get to them.
I'm not sure if you're blind though because it was too annoying to fold them after a while.
So they're just in here loose.
You want to do a non or should I shouldn't spoil them?
If you pull it, then I feel like it counts.
So I just shouldn't do any test polls.
What is going to pull this thing?
That's what he considers dancing.
They're just like,
P.J.D.
It's a K stream only now.
Goodbye.
Should we just get into it?
All right. This is important.
We're not cheating.
We can't.
You say that so truncly.
We can't because he always says stuff like I'm not cheating.
What do you get?
That's a good one.
Okay. From Skymer.
We simply got do drugs.
I don't know.
Kendall, does this show up at all?
It's so blurry.
Wait a minute.
But if I focus it.
I mean, it's blurry.
I mean, you can kind of tell.
I think.
Oh, wait. No, that's the.
Okay. I can't see.
All right. That's highly suspicious.
What kind of camera does he have that doesn't even auto focus?
That's my question.
Why did he take so long to get the camera to focus on the option,
which was do drugs?
Did you pull out a completely different option?
But he's so desperate to do drugs that he use camera trickery,
a supposed blur to switch out the one that he probably pulled,
which is probably like eat a big old,
eat a whole bag of chips or something, you know, whatever.
A good one.
I would think of a good one personally like talk to talk to someone else's mom.
You know, that idea, a good idea.
I would have one.
And that's what he would have pulled is a normal good one.
Said he pulled do drugs because that's what he wants to do.
I think the main thing what we need to do here now is having seen all the trickery and falsehoods.
Very clearly on display in that video.
No two senators to verify the results.
No two judges.
He didn't use idea pulling tongs,
which is the I believe there's various government restrictions on how you can pull ideas out of hats
and you do need official tongs or it doesn't count.
And also he danced for he's dancing like uneasily.
And then that was all put in hat conspiracy.
Maybe someone on YouTube's already got to the bottom of this.
Zendaya hat theory explained something.
Okay, explain it to me.
Slowly, but surely what is Zendaya hat theory is seriously off with Zendaya.
And she just confirmed it at the Met Gala.
What is the Zendaya hat theory?
Let's get into it.
A massive black hat.
At first just fashion, but look again, something feels wrong.
Let's rewind.
It began back in 2014.
Zendaya wore a wide brimmed hat to a teen Vogue party.
Years past, nothing happened.
Flash forward to 2025.
Zendaya pulls up to the Met Gala in another massive hat.
But this time, hauntingly familiar.
People claim the hat is cursed.
Others say it's not the real Zendaya.
Some even think she's hiding Tom Hock.
That guy's infringing on my IP by asking questions like that while watching videos.
How many videos are there on Zendaya hat theory?
Is this an actual thing people were trying to make happen?
Like here's another video on it.
I'm not quite sure how that's the conspiracy.
But I do believe that it is.
I'm actually back on the side of everybody who made those videos.
It's very alarming the size of her hat.
It's too big frankly.
And she's supposed to make fashion choices that are bold, but not that big.
That hat could eat her whole head.
And why would Zendaya even wear a hat that big when there's a threat that it would fall down over her face?
Consuming her whole head.
Unless she is the hat.
Unless she is the hat.
Go with me here.
She used to be a Disney star.
Now she's a normal movie star.
And maybe to make that happen she had to transfer her consciousness into a hat.
And that's the whole theory actually.
That's my whole theory.
They're not all good theories.
I'll admit that's not my best theory.
But even my worst theory has a chance of being true.
My point is case needs to pull my ideas out of the hat.
I put in several, not via his idea system.
I mailed him various ideas in manila envelopes.
And they remarked confidential in the sense that only he was supposed to see them.
The ideas were strong and they were very good.
And I think it's a huge miscarriage of justice that these results were unverified.
And that the idea that I sent you for eat honestly way too much soup was when I sent him.
And that's funny if you think about it.
It's a seriously funny idea.
The amount of soup that he could have eaten.
Now he's not eating any soup.
Hmm.
Do I only exist in wig and golfizer?
I'm not.
I can take these glasses off all the way if I want to.
They're not cursed and attached to my mind.
And yeah, my hair grows out of my brain.
I think that's how that works.
But and I am a little scared to cut my hair because I do think they try to convince
you that cutting your hair doesn't hurt you.
But it's growing out of your brain.
So if you think about it, you're putting your brain at risk every time you cut your hair.
That's why I'm gifted with naturally short hair.
The true heads and chat still know how to add ideas.
Point is I'm not just asking questions.
I'm making accusations case.
I don't know why you did it.
I don't know what you did it, but you didn't use my idea.
And that does infuriate.
And you will be hearing.
I don't have a lawyer, but I do plan on sending you several more emails about it.
And if those go unresponded to then prepare yourself for even more emails.
And until then prepare yourself for the truth.
Because it's always around you and it's just a matter of if you see that or not.
And today we did separate truth everybody.
Bye bye.
Straight into more news I say.
You can never have too much news.
So hit me with it case.
Hit you with the news.
You cannot spell the word truth without hat.
It's close actually.
Oh my God there's two letters from truth in the word hat.
Two?
That's pretty good.
Okay.
Yeah.
Sure.
I agree.
The A is silent.
Aha.
And now who's speaking the truth?
Are you a fan of Guy Redacted?
No, I don't know who that is.
Okay.
What do you want to talk about?
It's a bright case.
It's in the stream title and it's coming for us all.
AI slop.
More super slop than ever.
Brace yourself.
Exclamation point.
This is the kind of headline that's going to freak people out.
Doing my job right case.
Boom.
You might have heard that there's a new model.
There's constantly a new AI model.
Why should we care about any other new model?
There's new models and they're probably better than ever, case.
One second.
That's a picture of a guy.
Open AI recruits legendary iPhone designer Johnny Ive to work on AI hardware in 6.5 billion dollar deal.
It's quite a deal.
Wait, 6.5 billion dollars just to work with him?
I'm assuming.
Johnny Ive?
You've never heard of Johnny Ive?
And you claim to be a tech guy?
I have never claimed to be a tech expert of any sort.
You didn't work at tech TV?
No, not.
All right.
Well, anyway, Open AI recruits legendary designer Johnny Ive.
Open AI has recruited Johnny Ive, the designer behind Apple's iPhone, to lead a new hardware project
for the artificial intelligence company that makes shut GPT.
He designed the form factor of the iPhone.
How does that jibe with AI?
Is Giggle Goblin saying there an AI?
Oh, we can look at the AI slop thread.
Oh, that's a good thread.
I haven't booked around in there in a minute.
We'll check out some AI slop in but a moment.
For now, let's learn about why this guy's getting paid 6.5 billion dollars.
Does this be a deal to make technology that's valued at 6.5?
I don't know what they're paying Johnny Ive himself.
It does seem like it'd be insane to pay one guy that much.
But maybe they are.
I don't know.
Open AI said it's acquiring two products.
Sorry, it's acquiring IO products.
A product?
IO products, I don't know.
A product in it.
Oh, it's acquiring IO products.
It was lowercase, so I was confused.
A product engineering company co-founded by Ive in a deal valued at nearly 6.5 billion dollars.
So it's not just for him.
It's for the whole kit and caboodle.
And the whole kit and caboodle are now generated by AI.
Giggle Goblin, I have no idea what you're talking about still.
Live and Sleazy, you worked at Tech TV?
I didn't know that.
There's so many layers, so many mysterious layers to Live and Sleazy.
He's lived 8,000 lifetimes.
In one year of Case's life.
It's probably true.
Ive has become, this is confusing.
Ive is his name, so I thought I was saying Ive become renowned.
But he's become renowned.
I'd see what happened.
Ive, not me, became renowned for a meticulous design aesthetic that shaped the cultural zeitgeist during a 27-year career at Apple, which he left in 2019.
He did most influential work after Apple co-founder Steve Jobs returned to run the company in 1997,
where they forged a partnership that would hatch successes.
Maybe you've heard of it, the fucking iPhone, the goddamn iPhone.
Heard of it?
Yes.
And now you're wondering why he's getting 6.5 billion dollars.
Well, I know he designed it on his own.
If he had something to do with such an influential product, I'm not trying to discount his value entirely, but I don't know.
Usually the people that get singular credit for things are kind of full of shit.
Remember when Macintosh clones were a thing in the 90s?
I do.
So they want him to make a physical applicator for AI.
Well, to be fair, I'm reading very slowly.
So let's see what this is for.
6.5 billion dollars for his company.
What are they going to do with it?
The company hasn't said exactly what product they would be making, but expect physical AI embodiments
that bring generative AI chatbot technology out of a computer screen and into another form,
such as through a car, humanoid robot, or the AI-powered glasses.
Big... God, I had an AI-powered burp just now.
I probably should be drinking.
I gave everyone on staff cola.
We all got our own colas.
Yeah, this is bin cola.
Bin cola!
And it's making us all gassy.
It's a super-gassy cola, but I like it.
Yum! It's dancing on my tongue.
Are we selling this? No, there's nothing to sell.
It's just a soda.
Damn it, I thought I could sell this shit.
Are you going to pay me to sell something? No, well...
Anyway, Google and Meta, they've got glasses.
There's going to be robots, we promise, and... I don't know, then there's probably going to be like an AI pin.
There's already been an AI pin and it was notoriously useless.
But theirs will be good because they've got the iPhone guy on it.
OpenAI said its CEO Sam Altman has been quietly collaborating with this bald guy since 2023.
And his design firm, LoveFirm, love that for the firm.
In a joint letter posted on OpenAI's website Wednesday, Ive and Altman said,
it's become clear that our ambitions to develop, engineer, and manufacture a new family of products
demand an entirely new company.
Or just two companies combining.
Oh god, are they about to rebrand for no reason the term OpenAI?
I mean the name of their company?
They'll probably keep... probably? Maybe they change it to...
Hmm... Tech Squad.
I do actually like that name, Norah, but I do think it's taken.
No, Tech Squad, they can buy it, they're rich. They're buying everything.
Well, case look, I can only say so much, but what have I told you?
Sam Altman and Mr. Ive, not me, had an awesome sit-down meeting
that they very fortunately recorded for us.
Have you ever seen two geniuses talk?
No, case, you've only ever seen one genius talk to you.
I'm so excited for these two geniuses to fill us with their powerful thoughts.
Brace yourself for, oh my god, nine minutes of genius.
Well, we'll see how long we last under the weight of their incredible thoughts.
I think we have the opportunity here to kind of completely reimagine
what it means to use a computer.
Hmm... reimagine computer?
Sam is a rare visionary.
He shoulders incredible responsibility,
but his curiosity, his humility remain utterly inspiring.
Look how he's just walking down the street, he's just a guy.
Johnny is the deepest thinker being recorded in high HD.
What that leads him to be able to come up with?
Well, look at his watch.
Kind of walks like a certain disgraced CEO.
I'm getting the doorbell one second.
I moved to America drawn by the exhilarating optimism
of San Francisco and Silicon Valley.
We are sitting at the beginning of what I believe will be
the greatest technological revolution of our lifetimes.
I have a growing sense that everything I've learned over the last 30 years
has led me to this place and to this moment.
Oh wait, how are they still not in this fucking coffee shop? Or bar?
I was going for a full minute and they're still walking?
Were they just fucking gassing each other's asses up that whole time?
Why didn't you cut back to me when you walked away?
That's Papito's fault.
And yes, they're talking about how revolutionary their minds are
while being incredibly down to earth.
And they're good at sports, but not in a way where they like are re-knowing about it.
They said that too.
Yeah, they talked about how they're both really good at a pickup basketball,
but still really giving and it's not like intimidating to play with them,
even though they're both really good. They're both athletes.
That's great. I love that. Let's keep watching this, I guess.
Yes! Oh goody!
Morning John.
Hey, you standing right there?
Good. How you doing?
Good.
Good.
So what is this announcement we're talking about?
They're just getting to it. Isn't that quick, Case?
Two years ago.
Two minutes of just them fucking walking down the street?
Oh my God, how can people be this insufferable?
Well, that's insufferable to you because your brain just can't keep up
with the high level conversation that was happening with just them talking to themselves.
Get ready to hear what they say when they talk to each other.
I started talking about what the future of AI
and new kinds of computers was going to look like.
I was running Open AI.
Johnny was running a design firm called Lovefirm that had established
itself as really the, I think, densest collection of talent
that I've ever heard of in one place and probably has ever existed in the world.
And it became very quickly apparent to both of us that we needed a third company.
A year ago I founded IO with Scott Cannon.
We've got to get another company in here.
Evans Hankey and Tang Tan, who are the most extraordinary engineers.
They have built a team.
How do people watch this? Have people watched this?
I feel like I woke up and these guys are licking my feet.
What? That's the unsettling feeling this gives is giving me.
Like I was having a nightmare and I woke up and this guy,
Sam Alman and this I've got are just leaned under my sheets
and they're doing this to my feet.
And I looked down at my feet and they're just making direct eye contact with me.
That's how this video makes me feel.
Makes you feel good? No, I mean that's bad.
What I just said I meant is a bad thing.
That it's not a clear enough metaphor because some people would like that.
Some people, I don't know if I can handle this.
It's making me feel physically ill.
Let's give it two more minutes.
Just, it's a video case. Just relax.
Remarkable subject matter experts that range from hardware and software engineering,
physicists, researchers, product manufacturing experts.
And so IO is merging with open AI.
Formed with the mission of figuring out how to create a family of devices
that would let people use AI to create all sorts of wonderful things.
What?
The first one we've been working on I think is,
has just completely captured our imagination.
It's gonna be a fucking human AI pin.
They're gonna make the exact thing that already failed.
What else are they talking about?
Like an AI interface that's not a phone?
It's gonna be more than a phone case.
Or a phone case.
You know, Johnny called one day and said,
this is the best work our team has ever done.
I mean, Johnny did the iPhone.
Johnny did the MacBook Pro.
These are like the defining ways of using this technology.
It's hard to beat those things. Those are really wonderful.
Johnny recently gave me one of the prototypes
that the device for the first time to take home.
I've been able to look at it.
And I think it is the coolest piece of technology
that the world would have ever seen.
The products that we're using to deliver and connect us
to unimaginable technology, they're decades old.
Yeah.
And so it's just common sense to at least think,
surely there's something beyond these legacy products.
We have like magic intelligence in the cloud.
If I wanted to ask ChatGPT something right now,
about something we had talked about earlier,
think about what would happen.
I would like reach down, I would get on my laptop,
I'd open it up, I'd launch a web browser,
I'd start typing, I'd have to like explain that thing.
I would hit enter and I would wait and I would get a response.
And that is at the limit of what the current tool
of a laptop can do.
Oh my God, it's just going to be a fucking human AI pin.
It's going to be a pin that listens to your conversations
and like records what you say.
And then you can say like, hey, remind me
that thing I was talking about earlier.
And that's like taking a phone.
It's like taking the phone out of the phone case
and putting the phone in the sky.
I just mean what the fuck else are they talking about?
Maybe it's like a camera badge or something.
It's like a camera you wear here and it like
looks around for you and you can be like,
is that a wall?
And it'll be like, yeah, yeah,
it'll record everything you say to make your life
10 times as efficiently recorded.
Does every tech CEO look like they just came out of a cloning pod?
Or does my brain just make them look that way
because they're tech CEOs?
That's the kind of thing you could ask your
to be determined third company named
AI assisted life giver.
I wish they would say anything that would make me feel confident
that they're not trying to just make the
does every, do people know what I'm talking about
with a human AI pin thing?
Humane AI pin actually case.
It's a very humane, it's a very humane pin.
Yeah, if nobody remembers that particular thing.
And got so HP for $116 million way less
than the one billion they were hoping for.
And here's why this ambitious device was probably
always going to struggle.
Think about it, we live in a world where phones
aren't just devices, they're our digital lives.
The pin tried simplifying this by being a tiny
AI assistant you could clip on your shirt.
But here's the thing, it costs $700 plus a monthly subscription
and it couldn't do most of what your phone
already does really well.
Now the pin actually had amazing tech inside.
Gesture controls, laser projection and sophisticated AI.
But it was fighting an impossible battle.
When you already have a super powerful computer
in your pocket that can do everything,
it's hard to justify carrying another device
that does less.
But this story isn't over.
HP bought all this innovative technology
which has over 300 patents and the team behind it.
They planned to use it differently to make our
computers and conference rooms smarter.
Maybe sometimes the best innovations come from
ambitious failures that transform entirely into something.
See, it ended on a hopeful tone case
about how this questionably useful technology
will become unquestionably omnipresent and on everyone.
Maybe it's a brain chip.
That does sound at least more interesting than
a wearable camera that can record everything you say
and then tell you, it can just,
it will literally just allow people to go,
that grok is this true but in conversations.
But you don't even know that that's what they're making.
It could be a different thing,
like glasses that do that.
You know how everybody wants a wearable computer
on their face?
I don't want that.
The problem is the phone has already been
woven into people's lives in extremely functional ways.
People actually appreciate pulling a sh** out of their pocket.
Peter Weisman, thank you so much for the sub.
People appreciate pulling a phone out of their pocket
and being able to escape into it.
Though I could understand how maybe it would be healthier
to be outwardly engaged with the world.
I don't think a f**king piece of wearable tech
is going to make that easier.
If anything, it's going to gloss over your eyes
while you move through life.
Because I guess you're outsourcing a fraction
of what your brain would be doing to a f**king
AI assistant on your lapel.
All AI, all I need is an AI fishtie.
We could make this fishtie into wearable tech.
It could big mouth Billy Bassas answers
and he could be like, hey, fish,
why does case look like that?
It'll be like, that's how he was born.
His face is naturally like that.
That's what the fishtie would say.
And you need a fishtie to tell you that?
I mean, I don't, because I have to look at you every day.
But someone else might be like, why is case look like that?
It's good stuff.
And frankly, you don't even know.
You're assuming it's a wearable thing,
but it could be a different thing.
Let's go with a couple more minutes of them
and we'll test absolutely molesting our brains.
Okay, that is over the top.
I just mean, it really feels like
I'm being touched in a way I don't appreciate mentally.
Well, then just relax and like a massage
that the pressure is a little off.
Just let them massage their way into your brain
until it feels good.
But I think this technology deserves something much better.
So how did it all begin?
My son Charlie was the first person in the family
to use chat GBT and he said,
you've got to me, Sam.
I met Johnny's family relatively quickly
after meeting Johnny and it was sort of just like
it was an impossibly lovely family.
I was just thinking what a privilege it is
to really connect with somebody new.
And it hasn't happened in a long time.
And the reason I think that it happened
is we had both a very strong shared vision.
We maybe didn't know exactly where we were.
I personally can't even keep watching because
it's too high level for me.
And I'm not afraid to admit that like you case,
even you can't stomach whatever this is supposed to be.
It's a beautiful story of friendship case.
It's not just about the $6.5 billion investment
someone's making in a company to be named
to make product TBD.
It's about the friends you gave $6.5 billion along the way.
Is there any example of a company
hyping a piece of new tech this hard
with so little actual details
where the hype thing didn't turn out to be a massive disappointment?
The original iPhone.
No, that was the iPhone already...
The iPhone came out at a time where there were MP3 players.
There were already certain things that had touchscreens.
If unless I'm remembering the events of my life out of order.
There were phones that were MP3 players,
there were touchscreens.
There were blackberries.
It was a big innovation to combine
all those things into a really sleek product.
And I do think the touchscreen as a way to
give you more real estate on the phone for more screen
was a hugely influential decision.
But I think it's one that a different company would have made
if the iPhone hadn't.
They put it all together into a very slick package
and took over the fucking world with that.
But you could see the pieces coming into place.
I remember having a brick phone and having an MP3 player
and being like, if only I could clunk these together.
I'm really gonna hate AI after seeing the slop.
Well, let's wait into it then.
Because maybe the slop will bring you back, Case.
The point I'm making is just that the iPhone came out of,
didn't come out of nowhere.
You could kind of see the flappy bird flapping its way up to it.
This flappy bird is just kind of like, you know,
AI morphing around the screen and it's gonna land
in the same pile of dog shit that already came out
two years ago.
Speaking of dog shit, you can generate that now.
And you can generate and you can add to this
AI slop generation by going to the cream.team
and adding whatever you want to the AI slop thread.
Look, Case, there's already an AI
that could take over your whole thing you're doing here.
Oh, thank God.
We can stop doing this because of this.
I'm Case Blackwell with Pappito and you're watching...
Ben.
Come on, that's better than anything you've ever made.
Well, he's in a construction outfit.
This rocker fire gorilla is honestly at least his own,
kind of his own thing.
This could be the whole showcase.
It could have this level of production values
if you would just submit to your AI overlord.
That's the thing though.
I don't hate...
I don't, in a vacuum, I don't hate the stuff that AI makes.
Like, I'm fine with people making videos and stuff
and getting new tools to express themselves with.
It's the way it's being sold to us.
It's the way it's being promised to be this ubiquitous catch-all tool
that makes me fucking sick to my stomach.
Like, that's fine, that's fun.
It's a thing for all of us to enjoy.
But it's not, we don't need that to be everything.
It IS everything.
And look, there's even more of it.
There's so much of it that soon it will be everything.
I'm Case Blackwell. You're watching...
Ben.
He got worried.
Did you see how worried he got there?
Case, you're freaking out there, man.
You're getting so worried.
That's not me.
It looked just like you.
I couldn't even...
I thought that WAS you.
I thought I blinked and that guy was in the room with me.
Oh, here's you without a beard.
Good morning and welcome to BIN.
Woof, woof, woof.
Why does that gorilla keep...
That gorilla attacks you every time.
I thought it was supposed to be mad at Crumb.
Why is it trying to kill not me, whoever that is?
That's you, Case. That's JDVance slash you.
Welcome.
Papito looks great.
Papito actually looks a lot healthier in AI.
There's still more of these.
Back to BIN.
That's what I mean somehow.
Via a screen exploded out.
Okay, there's only one more of these.
There's just one more case.
You ready for this one?
Is it me saying...
See, you think it's you too.
Is it God saying they're me?
And then a gorilla popping out?
Who's to say, Case?
That's the beauty of prompting.
You never know what you're going to get entirely.
You're going to get close to it, but not exactly that maybe.
Oh, it's no sound.
There's no sound on this one.
Here, Case. Voice it for him.
I'm Case Blackwell. You're watching BIN.
Boom, a gorilla.
I need to work on my ADR.
That was very bad ADR.
It's clear that you don't do it regularly.
Okay, there's other AI slop.
That's not a facsimile of whatever we're doing here.
I think it looked good.
I think you need to hire whoever did that
and make them redesign the studio.
It was live in Sleazy.
You could definitely AI generate a background for a studio.
No, that's for sure true.
Veo can make amazing stuff.
I do think the Veo...
Veo, whatever, three stuff is certainly...
I wouldn't say video quality-wise.
It looks much better than some of the other recent video stuff I've done.
But the fact that it can generate audio is...
of just people talking.
Seems like a pretty big advancement.
Oh my God.
The cat!
It kind of survives.
It sort of shatters.
But then it's kind of fine there.
Yeah, it's fine.
Your viewers are killing each other with AI facsimiles.
Yeah, did Tasty Kill suborbital?
Or vice versa?
I think the cat was fine.
Let's do two more of these before I puke.
This is Veo 2 case.
This is...
This is trash.
This is trash compared to what you can do now.
The bees!
I don't have the context for it.
Brain rot animals official trailer.
It's an official trailer.
Shouldn't you have your trailer guy watch this?
No.
No, I don't want...
I don't want Trent to get confused and think that this is...
a real movie.
Because this is where we're headed.
I don't want to expedite that process.
Oh, the bees were in chat.
Buzz buzz. Those were the bees.
All right, Klaus, listen up.
You all know this animal, right?
That's clearly the Trollelero Trollelor.
That's right.
But did you know that these brain rot animals are actually real?
No, no freaking way.
You're kidding, right, teacher?
I wish I could say it was a joke.
But they started to appear in the world.
I can't even tell that it's...
According to a report by the Italian government,
brain rot animal,
they are appearing all around us.
You cut it off right when the brain rot animals were showing up.
I was getting too scared because it was so such a good trailer.
I think that's honestly a better use of AI than the stuff that tries to like...
I don't know, where they try to make it look decent.
I kind of prefer it just being weird shots of people being like...
I don't know.
The brain rot animals are coming.
Whew! Well...
Boy, I don't...
I don't feel good.
Let's watch...
Let's listen to these two geniuses talk.
Let's give them one more chance to really bring us back here.
And maybe...
And maybe we just need to really listen to what they're saying this time.
Look at all these fucking slugs.
Everyone's a fucking idiot but me.
Slugs making consumer choices, thinking it's freedom.
Really fucking smart.
I see what's fucking going on.
Genius and different levels of...
Different types of scientific political levels.
Well...
I actually take it back. I think they're pretty good.
I do take it back. They're pretty...
They do seem pretty smart.
See, he came around to it in the end.
Okay, let's go make...
Speaking of slop, let's go let this...
Let's go let this DJ try to make a song.
A Celtic trap beat.
Celtic trap beats to write lyrics to.
Or rap.
We'll figure it out.
You'll figure it out, right?
Oh, I won. I'll let my...
I heard a DJ.
Full disclosure, it is my second cousin.
How many cousins do you have?
It's DJ C4.
He's my second cousin.
He doesn't have a lot of experience making beats,
but he wants to learn.
So we're gonna let him.
Alright, the process of learning...
Learning to be a producer on Twitch.
Let's send it down to him.
And, you know, speakers.
They create air ripples.
Did you know that case?
Case is looking pretty angry.
So I'm gonna just remind you that my name is Jeff Ripple,
and we'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
Hello, what's up everybody?
It's DJ C4.
I've been told I look a lot like Case.
But that's fine, because it's all in the family over here.
Welcome to C4 Studios.
It's a music production.
The owner writes us.
But I figured it's time that maybe we took music production here
a little more seriously.
I know that you guys like to mess around.
And Case does little raps and stuff.
But I actually recently graduated college.
People tell me I look old, but it's true.
And I'm getting into the music beats production game.
And my dad was one of the owners of the Halliburton.
So I actually have my own production studio.
He set me up here.
And I'm excited to learn to really develop my home
and hone my beat crafting skills with all of you.
And we do have a pretty professional setup here.
So we're gonna ditch the AI writer.
And we actually have a ghost writer.
That's what professionals use.
And we've brought them in to work with me.
Really solidify these beats, pull these ideas for songs
that you guys have out of the air,
and turn them into full beats.
Thanks for being with us here, ghost writer.
Uh...
Hey, what's up, man? Good to be here.
I've worked with a lot of huge artists.
I can't say who, because that's kind of against the nature of the game.
But I'll be ghostwriting our tracks.
I like to call it really more so working with the artist
to kind of get them satisfied with where the song is at.
Then we'll send it down to the recording booth
where hopefully the artists will show up when they show up
and you know who artists are.
And then they'll lay down a hot track and you'll mix that thing.
Is that right?
Yeah, man, that's how that's gonna work, dude. Very cool.
Yeah, it's another ghost.
Yeah, I've been told that there's another ghost here at the studio.
I just want to make it clear that I'm against the confinement of ghosts.
I'm a free range ghost.
I choose to be in the Ghost Writers room.
I'm not found here.
And not all ghosts are stuck in things,
despite what this stream would have you believe.
All of our ghosts here are free...
All of our ghosts here are free range.
And we let them go around wherever they want.
Um...
He's missing the sunglasses.
Yeah, I mean, it's a different ghost.
It's a totally different ghost.
I'm not your usual ghost.
I'm a ghost writer.
It's a different thing. A very different thing.
Cage-free Phantom, exactly.
And I've never been in a cage.
And I don't rattle a cage.
I only wear chains when I think it looks cool.
Mostly I'm just a chill guy.
Dude, I'm a chill guy too. And I'm a chill guy as well.
We're just two chill guys that love music.
That's so fucking true, man.
At the end of the day, what I want to make really clear here is that this is all about the music.
Thank you.
The glasses didn't make it to hell.
What's the glasses?
Looks like a Jedi Force ghost.
That's part of why I'm such a big Star Wars fan is,
Lucas really got it right. This is how ghosts look.
This is a real ghost. This is some wood ghost.
Okay?
This is what a real ghost looks like, alright?
I mean, man, you're a fucking pro.
This guy's fucking good just so you know.
So, the challenge today is to make a Celtic...
What?
To make Celtic trap.
No, wait. It was dubstep.
Can we Swayze?
Swayze beats.
I'm not quite at Swayze beats level yet. I'll be real.
Like, just getting started.
I'm trying to build up my resume here.
I plan to work with bigger and bigger artists as I figure out stuff in Pro Tools.
Like how to record out vocals.
Yeah, that's a pretty important step is learning how to record vocals in music software.
Yeah, that's the stuff I plan on figuring out.
So, we're gonna get down to that for sure.
But in the meantime, we'll just assume that we can fully make music.
Yeah, I mean, you just record stuff. Yeah, totally.
Did he's looking for someone to help him?
Like, I'm not gonna... like, no, I don't want to get in...
I don't really do politics here actually.
Yeah, dude, that's smart. Stay out of the fucking politics game dude.
It's a fucking bummer.
Dude, you're telling me like, I just want to make music.
And me too.
And we will man. We will!
Oh shit, his ghost is coming up.
Sorry, it's a little spectral hiccup.
Okay, Celtic dubstep and or trap.
Trap is easier to write.
Trap is easier to write than...
His dubstep really...
My experience with dubstep isn't super vocal heavy.
So you might not... I mean, I could write you a hook obviously, but...
Do you have like a beat you're working with?
Um... Celtic dubstep beat.
I'm just looking up some presets.
Does this do anything for you?
See how the drop does.
Does that have a good drop?
Building up to the drop. Yeah.
Not bad.
What else you got?
Potato. Could you work with a lyric potato?
Do you think that might bother Irish people?
No, they love potatoes.
I mean, yeah, I could work with potato for sure.
Okay, Irish pubstep.
Let's try this though.
They all have a lot of build up.
Yeah, they have a lot of build up.
This one's actually a little more into it.
Pretty good. Pretty good. Pretty good.
Let's just see what else we got there.
Let's get a sampling.
Pump fake.
And that's crunchy.
Oh, that could be the winner.
That one's kind of a winner.
That was some powerful pubstep for sure.
Um...
It is difficult to write lyrics to that.
Yeah, but you're like a pro, so you can just do it right.
I am. I'm an old pro.
I've worked with huge artists.
Squiggle.
I worked with K-POP.
I worked with Rock Cunge.
You worked with Rock Cunge?
Yeah, I've worked with Sammy Rock Cunge.
Whoa.
I worked with a little tumor.
You work with tumor?
I work with a little tumor. These are the ones I can name.
I can't name most of them because of the deals.
The deals that I had to have them write in blood because I'm a ghost.
Okay.
And just to cover our bases.
Let's check out an Irish trap beat.
They're open to both apparently.
This is a hard...
See, this is...
Okay.
This is Drunken Saler.
This is Drunken Saler.
Look up, oh, Patty Boy.
Trap beat.
Oh, wait. What is it?
Oh, Tommy Boy.
Oh, it's the Irish song.
Oh, Danny Boy.
Sorry, I'm not Irish. I'm mostly a ghost.
I'm actually Irish.
You are? Or English? I'm not really sure.
Okay. Oh, Danny Boy.
Nerdspot video.
It's gonna be a different video. I'm actually gonna let you listen to this.
That's not quite that.
Oh, Danny Boy doesn't seem to have that many beats.
If you knew how to make beats, you could make the first Oh, Danny Boy beat maybe.
Oh, wait. There's tons of Danny Boy beats.
I just had the wrong... I was typing the wrong thing.
That's not Danny Boy. I don't really know.
I actually don't even really know what Danny Boy is supposed to sound like.
That's a religious rap.
Yeah, we might have to go with one of these Celtic beats.
There's a lot of songs called Danny Boy.
Yeah, we're running through the catalog of our pre-made beats,
and there's not a lot of like straight Danny Boy influence beats.
It's mostly fully produced songs called Danny Boy, which I'm less into.
Yeah, I thought there might be a sample or something we could use,
but it seems like no.
Okay, let's go back to our Celtic beats.
That's Drunken Saler.
Okay, maybe we'll be able to go with that trap beat.
I think the strongest contender was that one dubstep.
You ready to write this?
You ready to write something to this?
You know? Yeah, man, I'm a pro, so yeah.
Let's get into this.
Here's Hell.
That's clear for sure.
Let me turn down my Spectralness for you guys.
Danny Boy.
Just warming up into it.
Bend over, bend over, bend over.
Yeah, another point is if anybody has any lyrics ideas,
I am all about collaboration, so hit me up.
If you've got any like hot ideas in here,
we're going to try to really blow this thing out right now
with a Danny Boy-type trap beat.
I mean, sorry, with a Celtic-type trap beat.
Got my proprietary writing software ready to go.
Oh, Danny Boy.
Okay, let's play this thing back.
Really get into the rhythm of it.
Just wrap the entire plot of Zelda 2.
That's a good idea.
Mmm.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Bah, bah, bah.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
Okay.
We just need some words that are Irish, like Haggis,
um, fist fight.
I'm just thinking of words drunk.
Um, anybody at Whiskey?
That's a good one.
Um,
Finnegan's Wake?
Sure, that's fantastic.
Um,
who are the famous Irish writers?
Uh,
Haggis is Scottish?
No, it counts. Don't worry about it.
IRA,
Joyce,
sure,
Ulysses, yeah, that could probably work in there too.
Um,
Corn Beeson?
Pretty good.
Curling and Guinness, of course.
Bono, absolutely.
Jay Lick, and that's fun, cause you got the word lick in it.
Snakes, St. Patties,
Danny Boy itself.
It could sort of be a Danny Boy dubstep remix actually,
cause nobody's done it.
River Dancing, absolutely.
Football, but not soccer.
And also Hooligan.
And Sheep.
Okay, that should do.
Clovers, you can keep throwing them in.
Um,
okay, let's get into this.
Haggis.
It rhymes with Gus, which is nice.
Fuss.
Starting Troubles.
No must, no fuss.
What is Haggis even actually?
Like, potatoes or something?
It's a savory pudding.
Saved that pudding.
Like I'm Haggis.
Um,
Drunk Off Whiskey,
Day,
and Night.
New Finnegan's Wake,
um, with Every Fist Fight, something like that.
Uh, Dracula?
Scottish?
Yeah, we'll put the word Scottish in there too.
Pasties?
Larry Bird.
He's going on the list for sure.
Larry Bird.
Catholic Guilt, that's a good one.
Um, let's see, Ulysses.
Ulysses, Ulysses, Ulysses.
Ulysses.
Ulysses.
Ulysses, Ulysses is somebody else too, right?
Ulysses is also a different guy.
The Odyssey.
Ulysses is the Latinized version of Odysseus.
Okay.
Um,
I'm trying to think of a sex thing for Ulysses, but I just can't.
Yeah, I know James Joyce wrote it.
I forgot that it was the,
I guess, Irish version of Odyssey?
Mmm,
something, something Joyce.
You actually read Ulysses and it wasn't worth it.
Well, then we'll just try to condense it down into this lyric here.
Anyway, Corned Beefin.
Um,
Corned Beefin,
Corned Beefin with all the boys.
No, Noice, Corned Beefin.
When you don't come Noice,
like nice, but Noice.
Uh,
beat your ass.
Your ass, you've got no,
Joyce?
Ooh, I'm the ladies number one Joyce.
Okay, that's there we go. I'm the ladies number one Joyce.
Um,
Ulysses on your ass.
What rhymes with Joyce?
Toys.
Foys, those aren't words though, unfortunately.
Mmm, Rolls Royce.
Ulysses on your ass.
Fast like a Rolls Royce.
I'm just gonna say Odyssey Rolls Royce.
It doesn't really make sense, but it doesn't need to.
I'm the ladies number one Joyce. There you go.
It's got like various words in it that kind of lead towards that.
So that makes it smart.
Um, okay.
Um, Hurlin.
We will need it. We do need, we'll probably have to make a chorus at some point too, but
it's probably just yelling potato. Let's be real.
Hurling.
My Guinness.
Uh,
Hurlin my Guinness that my haters,
Hurlin my Guinness,
my haters are sleeping.
Uh,
Uh,
Got your girl gay licking.
Now we corned beef.
This is good.
This is like, I'm writing good lyrics here.
Um,
Grab your stank patties.
Uh,
Grab your stank patties girl it must be fate.
I'm staying in Ireland.
Cause you're guiding my snake.
Alright.
Danny boy hooligan.
Catholic guilt.
Catholic guilt sheepen.
Catholic guilt tweaken.
Um,
Larry bird slam dunk.
River dance.
Sheepen.
Perfect.
That might not be enough lyrics.
Might not be quite enough.
I mean, I used a lot of the words.
I sort of combined a lot of them.
Liam Neeson.
Okay. Yeah, we'll just do it.
We'll just do it. We'll get some more words in here.
We also didn't use football not soccer.
So,
Liam Neeson.
We didn't even use the troubles, did we?
Oh, we did.
We used Catholic guilt.
Yeah, this is DJ C4 Kendall.
I'm ghost writing a song.
Um, I gotta remember that.
What was the title of this?
It's important to remember the title of the song you're writing
about halfway through writing it.
This is Celtic dubstep.
It's called rock in the green screen.
Well, there you go.
I gotta add green screen to this list.
And this probably needs to be,
probably needs to be the chorus.
Car bomb.
You know, it's touchy, but music
is meant to move people. It's meant to make you feel things.
We left the troubles and rubble
and bubbled off the boba.
I'm taking that.
Bell fast.
You're right. Yeah, bell fast.
Troubles and rubble.
And bubble.
Something boba bubble.
Doesn't have to make sense.
Scary cranberry.
Those do rhyme.
And cranberries Irish enough.
Or the Cranberries, RYRISH?
Irish?
Oh, yeah, they're in Irish Rock Band.
Totally. Okay, that works.
Scary cranberries.
Zombie.
Scary cranberry zombie.
Oh, do we lose Bono?
Yeah, we lost Bono. I gotta add Bono back in.
McDonald's.
It's probably not Irish, but maybe we can
work with that.
Irish goodbye.
And I gotta remember that it's
rocking in the green screen.
Trying to figure out how to work that into a chorus.
But also, I don't know if this has a chorus
because it's dubstep.
Okay.
Taking something.
Taking my nieces.
Let's see.
Lowy in the Nissan.
Taking my nieces.
Who is Jackie Gleason?
He's a singer, right?
Actor?
I should just google it before I make you
actually tell me, Jet.
American comedian, actor, writer, and composer
known as the great one.
Oh, he's the late night guy.
Let's see.
Irish goodbye.
Irish goodbye.
Irish goodbye.
Irish goodbye.
Night like Jackie Gleason.
Jackie Gleason.
Lowy in the Nissan.
Taking my nieces.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Blowy in the Nissan.
Taking my nieces.
Let's see.
Irish car bomb.
Makes it more
palatable because it's not someone dying.
It's someone drinking.
Home late.
Home late.
Fuck it.
After party pop off.
Irish car bomb.
Something like that.
Zombie off the cranberries.
Too far gone.
After party pop off Irish car bomb.
Flawless.
Oh, yeah.
Belfast we haven't used yet.
Troubles.
Yes.
Okay.
Potato and Guinness and we get to sleep.
We're dreaming in the green screen.
Dreaming in the green screen.
People are popping off in the studio.
Okay.
I don't know how many lyrics we really need
because it is dubstep.
There's a chance we need a ton.
Trouble and rubble and boba bubble.
Okay.
We used
cranberries and zombie.
Dreaming in the green screen.
Well, I mean, rockin' in the green screen
is fine.
Anything green screen is fine.
We still haven't used bono.
Can bono be a sex thing?
Bono?
Boner bono?
Something, something call that bono.
Mmm, bono.
Like your bow says no.
Ahead too good.
Something's flow.
Tell her take it real slow.
Boa
Slopped me too fast.
Call that bono.
Yeah, I think that's still, that's vaguely sexual,
so it works.
Okay.
Maybe we should see if any of this fits
into the song at all.
Yes.
Kendall's leaving in 10 minutes.
I didn't even get to show chat, buddy.
It's my ghost, Kendall.
I dated a ghost that happens to...
Well, Kendall's also here.
Yeah, but I dated a ghost, Kendall.
Oh.
Yeah, this is ghost, Kendall.
We're writing Irish lyrics.
Yeah, you know, honestly, I really couldn't tell what you were doing when I came in.
I just, I didn't understand it, couldn't track.
I should put the title of the song on screen.
We're writing Irish dubstep.
Anything.
Mmm-hmm.
Kendall's impressed.
My ghost Kendall's impressed.
She's very supportive of my work.
What'd you do at work today?
Worked.
I actually went around asking dads for their best dad joke at the mall.
And we did not get a lot of good answers, because no one wants me on camera.
What'd you do at work today?
After that, I guess everyone left work at 3 p.m. because they wanted to make it a half day, so Sage and I went shopping.
Okay.
She goes shopped at work.
Guys, I just want you guys all to know that a lot of husbands look at their wives to make sure they can be answering our questions of what's the best dad joke.
And every time their wife said no, they would be like, sorry, bye.
I was like, we need you for content!
I can still feel pain even as a ghost.
Okay, bye.
Bye, Kendall. You're leaving now?
She's not done yet.
Kendall's not streaming because she has a dinner.
Dinner?
Okay, we'll finish this up.
We'll see what we even have.
Does this even fit this song at all?
It might have to all change.
Can you even rap over Dubstep?
Start in trouble. No mustafuck.
Save up putting something like...
Nope, doesn't fit.
It has to be adjusted.
Start in trouble. No mustafuck.
It doesn't really work.
It might have to go with a rap song.
We might need an Irish trap beat.
It's like a sea shanty.
Irish seat.
At least it has to be slightly modernized.
Irish?
What's this?
Apparently.
Oh, maybe. Well, no, bagpipes are Scottish, right?
Are they Irish too?
Let's go bagpipes trap beats.
They're also Irish, and we're in business.
Start in troubles.
Start in troubles.
No mustafuck.
I gotta be Irish really quick. How do I Irish people sing?
Hmm...
Irish.
Irish.
That's pretty much it.
Sounds more Arab?
Damn it.
Okay, I'll try a different one.
This is Celtic gang beat.
I save a pudding and a better fit. Just call me Harry Gus.
Yeah, drunk off the whiskey belt.
Every day and night.
New finnigan's wake.
With every fit.
Fight. I'm Ulysses on your razz.
This is Rowe.
Fuck that I even write. Good work.
Drunk on whiskey and look at his wake.
When I'm...
Gotta be more like that.
So, it's just gotta...
They just gotta sync it, pay it differently.
Hmm, okay.
We start in troubles.
We fuck on a mustafuck.
Fuck on a mustafuck.
Savor your pudding girl.
Savor your pudding girl.
That might fit better.
This kind of thing.
Savor that Pete pudding.
We start in troubles.
Yeah, we fuck on a mustafuck.
Yeah, we'll save it with a pudding girl.
Down south, call that Haggust.
Drunk off that whiskey.
Just about every day and night.
We got it in finnigan's wake.
With every fit.
The lyrics are too short right now.
I was being too...
incisive with my wording.
Wait, we still have words down here.
Also, I gotta figure out where the chorus even is.
Savor your pudding girl.
Down south, call that Haggust.
Here's a guy in my snake.
Danny Boyz looking cat a girl.
Treating me birds with some rivet and sheep.
Bye, late night like Jackie Gleason.
Blow the niece on taking them down.
I'm taking my Liam Neeson.
Zombie off the cranberries.
I'm way too far gone.
After party, pop off.
That's an Irish car bomb.
Yeah, we green screenin'.
We green screenin'.
Something like that.
It'll end
on Irish car bomb.
Then chorus.
Then chorus.
This is why we have chatGBT do this sometimes.
For speed sake.
We'll slowly make this segment faster.
When we figure out
exactly how in the weeds to get with these things.
Okay.
Something, something green screen.
Okay.
We'll adjust this.
You know what we're gonna do?
We're gonna get the first chunk of this song done.
Evaluate where we're at.
Decide from there.
Fettas girl, it must be fate.
I'm staying cause you're gotten there.
Then Danny Boy looking.
Kevin kill two three.
Irish girl, bye late night.
Blow the niece on taking my niece.
There's the chorus.
Okay. We don't even have to change it that much
if we just change other rap.
We just have to rap it faster.
So maybe we simplify this.
We start in troubles. Let's try this.
I guess my Blarney songs should probably go in there.
That's true. Start in troubles.
I'm not musin' off the bus.
You know how this work.
It's hard to get into.
We start in troubles. No musin' off the bus.
Shepherd's pie should be in there probably.
Some troubles. No musin' off the bus.
They let out puttin' my cat.
Guess I'm gonna drop this today, mate.
Two citizens wait with every bitch fight.
This is on your ass. So this is your voice.
I'm the number one choice.
My goodness, my haters are sleeping.
Got the girl getting down on the road.
Grab your pretty girl.
Must be fate. I'm staying cause you're gotten my snake.
Very birds man, jump through your land, sheep.
I wish you could buy late night techniques.
But we're my Nissan, takin' my Nissan.
That was just, that was too fast.
Maybe I just let the artist figure this out.
It's like close enough.
So then we just need a, we need a chorus.
Green, screen.
Something, it's gotta be at least green screen.
But how is that Irish other than the color green?
Green, screenin'.
It's gonna say disappear.
We green screenin'.
Haters disappear.
We green screenin'.
Green screen vape dream.
Green screen vape dream?
That's pretty good.
Green screen grape dream got my haters disappearing.
Something.
Mask out.
Whoa.
Something Irish.
Disappear like leprechaun.
Leprechauns can disappear.
We haven't used the word leprechaun.
That's crazy.
We gotta get that in there.
The green is my knees, my soul, my spleen.
Bleeding chap rocks on the scene.
Blow this beat up like, beat up and go dreaming in the green screen.
There's your chorus.
That could be a chorus.
What?
There we go.
My spleen, my spleen, bleeding chap.
Green screen vape dream.
Also, choruses don't really have to make sense.
It's one of the beautiful things about choruses.
Okay.
My haters disappear.
Green screen vape dream.
My haters disappear.
I'm worried too much about this making sense.
No, I'm not.
I'm just trying to think of what fits.
Don't worry. It's not going to make any sense.
Okay.
I think that's good enough.
I wrote it.
Okay.
Um...
Like the whole thing?
Like did you write...
Like the whole song?
Close enough.
Okay.
Sick.
Yeah, you know, then just insert riff, basically.
We can adjust, but like that's a strong start.
I mean, you're a pro.
I wouldn't question it.
Yeah.
So we should probably send it to the studio and try to work this thing out.
It's going to take some...
It's going to take a little work.
The studio is all butt massed, but taking the time to really deliver a good product.
Absolutely.
Okay.
Let's pop open our proprietary recording software.
One of the few people in the business to use this.
Dairy London Dairy Pennywise.
That's pretty good.
There's like...
Irish is such a broad idea.
Such a broad idea.
We could really fit a lot in there, but...
Say we work with what we have so far.
Okay.
Now full disclosure,
I haven't used Pro Tools a ton.
Yep.
But I just watched...
While you're doing that, I watched a tutorial on how to record audio.
So I think this should work.
Totally.
Just don't overthink it.
I won't. I promise I won't.
Oh, we do need our artist though.
Has Rory Blarneystone arrived yet?
Anybody confirm if Rory is available?
Let me just make sure that we've got everything that Rory needs pulled up.
Rory.
This guy's a huge... This guy's a pro, so this should be easy.
Let's see how he looks. Rory, how you doing?
I'm fucking ready to go.
I've been ready to go. Can we do this thing? Do I have my lyrics?
Yeah, Rory.
I've been working pretty hard, man.
I think I wrote something in your voice.
It's gonna take a little finessing, because it's not like...
Totally matched to like the track.
I don't need it to fucking match. It'll work it out.
Okay.
Rory seems like he's good to go.
Dude, Rory's a pro. Rory's gonna be great.
Where's the lyrics?
That's the recording software.
I need the lyrics.
Okay.
Let's see what we're working with here.
Alright.
Is this shit working? One second.
Do your job. Do your job, Studio Guy.
Sorry, let me just make sure this is set up.
Mmm. Was working before.
Check, check.
A test test.
A test test.
Shoot, it's not working.
Look at how he's recording on something else.
Check, check.
Hmm. I guess we'll just record an audition.
Even though I downloaded this free Pro Tools preset.
But why isn't it working? I don't know.
Looks like one of the trolls from Ernest Gert Stupid.
It does. But don't tell him that.
I'm muted to the control room right now so he can't hear me.
No, I can hear you. I can read lips.
Dude, take it fucking easy, man. You're gonna piss him off.
I'm just kidding, Rory.
I just like to, I like to have some playful atmosphere, Rory.
Don't you fuck with me.
Okay. Hello? Check, check.
Nothing?
So disappointing.
Check, check.
I guess we'll have to figure this out for next time.
Literally just working.
Mmm.
Have your faders set to Unity and remember to set your track to record?
Oh, the track's just not on record.
This is why we have assistant producers in the chat.
Do you know what you're fucking doing?
Yeah, man. Don't worry about it. Sorry.
Let me, let me worry about all this here.
Let me worry about all this here.
Are you comfortable? Are you good in there?
I'm fucking whitened, man.
Dude, he sounds so Irish.
I don't worry. I'm muted so he can't hear me.
But he sounds so Irish.
I wasn't quite ready for that.
I already told you I can tell what you're saying.
Shit. I forgot that immediately.
I'm just kidding again.
Okay.
Test, test. Oh, there we go.
Okay.
Let's see.
This might be too many effects, but
we probably just shouldn't worry about it for now.
Let's see.
Hello? Check, check.
It's a little quiet.
Check, check.
Is that too swirly?
I don't fucking know.
I can, I don't even have my headphones on.
I'm gonna vibe this out.
Hmm.
Don't forget to send this to T-Pain.
Dude, if I can get a collab with T-Pain,
if I can get him into the studio, that would be huge.
You're not getting fucking T-Pain.
I mean, it's not impossible.
It's impossible.
Shit. Well, you know.
Long-term goals.
Okay. Check, check.
Check, check.
Ooh.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Toy-toy-toy-toy-toy.
Toy-toy-toy-toy-toy.
Toy-toy.
Ta-tay.
Oh, can't look at you give the T-Pain hookup.
That'd be huge.
Look, are you fucking done yet?
Can we just try to do this thing?
Yeah, you have the lyrics?
I've got the fucking lyrics right here.
One second.
This setup is crazy.
This setup is insane.
This is the least professional recording booth I've ever been in.
And oh, I've been in some magical and ill-equipped recording situations.
Alright. What the fuck is with this?
Okay, there we go.
Hello? Hello?
There it is.
Alright, let's make sure we're starting.
Oh, we need the track. You need to get the freaking track.
Shoot, I didn't get the track for him.
Oh, it's Kendall, hey Kendall.
Hi, I heard me for the whole-
Kendall's gotta go.
We didn't get to hang out.
She's pissed.
Dude, you were ignoring your girlfriend. I was ignoring my ghost girlfriend.
Shit.
We're both gonna be in trouble.
That- I mean, when you take music seriously, that's just how it goes, you know?
Okay, you just gotta download this real quick.
Bye, Kendall!
Oh, she's not actually leaving yet.
We can get this- we can get a little background music going while I download this track here.
Whatever we make, it's gonna sound just this good.
It's made to get.
Okay.
Shoutouts to, um, shoutouts to Mudblood Beats, Bagpipes' Trat Beat for the hookup here.
Incredible production.
Uh, don't worry, we're not selling this.
This is, um, this is purely a vanity project for-
Don't worry, I'm muted, so he can't hear me, but this is purely a vanity project for Rory Blartplarney.
Sony doesn't plan on releasing it.
Again, I can hear you, but that is true.
This is purely, um, I'm sending this directly to Irish Parliament just to fire them up for the next session.
That's beautiful, man.
It really is.
Okay.
Import the- oh my god, this is so slow.
It's almost like you're not supposed to rush this process.
Okay, there we go.
Alright, I think I imported the beat.
It's in there.
We frickin' did it.
And the lyrics are ready to go.
I gotta say bye to Kendall real quick, though.
One sec.
Oh yeah, I forgot I have better headphones.
There we go.
Is that an aux for the headphone mix?
That'd probably be smart, but I think we'll have to listen to it.
It might be smart, but I think we'll have to master our, uh, our Pro Tools setup at a different time.
I don't really know how this sounds on your end, because I can't hear my own voice, but the vocals could be totally insane.
Yeah, Banzai Brolfrog, you would be much better at this than certain people who don't know what they're doing.
You're the only person in the room, man.
But maybe me.
Okay, no taken.
Blarney, you ready to give this a shot?
I've been fuckin' waitin' man, I'm ready to go.
You envy my ability?
Don't worry, you can do this too, I promise.
But maybe not what Blarney's about to do.
You're a pro Blarney.
I'm here to fuckin' nail this in one shot.
You can run it back if you need to, there probably won't be a need.
I can't imagine there's no lyric that I can't handle.
Alright, well let's try it then.
I just have to remember how to hit the record button.
What?
You know, I haven't...
Loot Kendall's back.
Hold for Dora.
She forgot her keys.
I just don't want to mess up your vocals, man.
Goodbye, Kendall!
I like Kendall.
Dude, when you're in music, the girls go crazy.
When you're in music? Yeah, I'm in music now.
Okay.
Did you find the record button?
Yeah.
Alright, you ready to try this?
I'm fuckin' ready, play the thing.
Is it actually recording though?
Oh, it is.
That was way too loud and right in the middle.
Okay, come on, man.
I mean, DJ C4.
Huh, weird.
So it doesn't just start just wherever?
Hmm, hmm.
How do you tell where it starts?
Start at the beginning, please.
Um, start at the beginning, please.
How do I... I can't...
You can't seem to pick where it starts.
I might not be able to use this software because I don't know what I'm doing at all.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
We're gonna mess with this software next time.
For now, we're gonna go...
We're gonna go to the one I'm a little more used to.
Just to get this thing rolling.
But it does seem like a powerful program.
Yeah, but I could just imagine running into some other issues.
So just to expedite the thing so that I don't make you guys watch this all night.
We'll try this other one.
But long-term, I'm gonna figure this thing out.
You're gonna figure out how to use the tool that would sort of make you the producer you're claiming to be.
I told everybody that I'm new.
I'm a slightly new producer on the game, but I'm learning super fast if we're being real.
Some people say I'm learning faster than almost anyone's ever learned this stuff.
Okay.
Yeah, I went to college for classic literature.
But after I graduated, I decided, actually, my passion's really music.
So I've been kind of into that lately.
Okay, an Irish type beat.
Rory, thank you so much for your patience.
What the fuck are we doing?
We're gonna get there. Don't worry. We're so close to getting there.
Like, we're right on the cusp of there.
So I think you're good to go now.
Can I get you any reverb or anything?
You need reverb or anything?
I'll just use...
Wait, turn that reverb down. There we go.
This should work.
That's pretty swirly.
This seems like a lot of reverb.
Is this gonna be baked in?
Yeah.
All right.
One second.
Maybe we turn the reverb down.
Just a tiny bit.
Oh, it's...
Currently it's in hockey arena.
There we go.
That's a little bit better.
Okay.
We'll assume this is good enough.
A little bit of delay.
Now, the delay's too crazy.
I don't even fucking care anymore.
Just roll the goddamn thing.
Where's my fucking lyrics?
There's the lyrics.
Woo!
Pop it off!
We've crossed the rainbow!
Blarney!
Blarney's down flow!
Oh!
We're starting to know what's a fuss.
Severe puns themselves.
Call up the seat and some haggas.
Drunk off that whiskey we got.
Turned up day and night.
New finagins wake with every fist fight.
You listen on your ass, so this is Roll the Royce
on the ladies number one joys, bitch.
Who am I? Guinness.
All my haters are sleeping.
Got your girl, Gaelic.
We call that corned beef and...
Woo!
You hear me?
We call that corned beef and...
Grab your patties, girl.
It must be fight.
Staying down cause you're gottin' my snake.
Daddy boy, hooligan, Catholic guilt.
Tweaking God, Larry Bird, Slam Dunk, River Dance, Sheepin'.
Irish goodbye late night taking gleason.
Blow that Nissan, takin' my nieces.
Suck me off the cranberries way too far.
Fuckin' gone.
After party, we pop off chorus.
We're goin' Irish Carbol!
Where's the chorus in there?
Was there supposed to be a chorus?
You're dallying it.
You're doing amazingly.
That was so good.
I love that. Thank you.
There was a chorus.
When it changes up there, I think we want you to hit the chorus.
But that was really good.
So let's just run it back one more time.
And try to like...
Really hit those...
Like this is kind of about being...
It's about like you're fucking, but you're hard, you know?
Sort of the vibe we're going for.
Like sexual, but it's also like tough.
I felt like I was doing that.
Like when I was writing it at least,
I was going for really sexy,
but also strong as hell.
And you're doing great. You're like a pro.
But I think what he's trying to say is just like,
really put some fuck on it, dude.
I felt like I was putting some fuck on it.
Just really try to lay in the fuck though.
I mean, yeah, of course. Yeah.
Just run it back. I'll lay in some fuck.
From the top, let's do one more from the top
and try to just sense where the chorus is coming.
Because I know this is your first time hearing the track.
First time hearing the track.
So just keep that in mind.
Yeah, you're doing incredibly. Thank you.
I thought, you know, I think we're all doing good actually.
I think we're all putting in some good work now.
Yeah, we're ready. We're ready for this.
Let's run it back.
It can't start it in the middle.
Can't start it right in the middle.
Sorry, I don't mean to snap, but you can't start it right in the middle.
Yeah, you want to start at the beginning.
Well, if we're going to start at the beginning,
I'll start at the beginning. Right.
Okay, there's no like count in or anything.
Oh, there's not. Okay.
All right.
Toy!
We're fucking ready to... I'm fucking hard.
We're starting troubles, bitch.
We get up no muscle faster than that.
Putting down south.
We call that shit Haggust.
I'm drunk off that whiskey and just bought every day
a night no phoenix.
Wake every time that I step up.
It's another mis-fight.
This is Rolls Royce on the ladies number one.
Joyce.
My head is on sleep.
Got your girls killing and we corned beef.
Shit. Shit. That doesn't, it doesn't fucking fit.
It doesn't fucking fit.
No, it does. It does fit actually.
Just, um, I think you're leaning too hard
into the fuck of it right now.
Like that was great, but I think we pushed you too hard
into the fuck.
It's also hard.
So really leaning into the hard part of it, I'd say.
Yeah, similar note from me.
Really leaning into the hard part.
And also, um, listen to the beat.
I'm hearing the beat.
I do hear the beat.
Oh, good. You don't need it up in your headphones?
No, I'm hearing it.
I'm fucking ready to go.
It's, it's, it's, it's my first time hearing the beat.
Hmm.
Oi.
What's that fuck?
Fuck these guys.
Coming around to my rainbow.
This is my fucking rainbow.
This is my father's fucking rainbow.
You strut troubles?
No muscle fuss.
I'm gonna save you up, puttin' bitch.
That's how sweet color shit haggas.
I'm drunk off that whiskey just for dick.
And it's wake when I snap up.
This is my best fight.
I'm you and this is on your ass.
Now that's all this is.
We're all the rice.
This wall my haters are sleeping.
Gosh, our girl gay like naters disappearing.
Greens, green, vape, dream.
Haters disappearing.
Oh, my haters.
They seem to be disappearing.
Greens, green, vape, dream.
Haters disappearing.
Have your pasties must be fate.
I'm stayin' in Ireland cause you're guidance.
I'm a guilt tweakin'.
Larry Bird, slam dunk, river dance, sheepin'.
Irish goodbye, lay up, blowy that Nissan.
Takin' my elder, takin' real slow.
Boe slob too.
Come on, haters disappearing.
Greens, green, vape, dream.
Haters disappearing.
Mask out, background.
Haters disappearing.
Greens, green, vape, dream.
Haters disappearing.
There's no more lyrics.
That's, it was not the end of the lyrics.
Yeah, for now that, um,
that was all the lyrics.
You didn't write enough lyrics, there's
more than half the song left.
I think that pretty much covers it though, like,
this is kind of where I take over.
I feel like we pretty much got it, so like,
we just need to apply a couple of little effects.
Yeah, I mean, I think you pretty much nailed it, man.
It's really an honor to see you work, dude.
I could do one more, you know,
if you need some like ad-libs in there.
Ooh, ad-libs. Yeah, I was gonna say that if you have time to do ad-libs,
that'd probably be super useful.
Cause like, we got a couple good takes in there,
so we could probably just take whichever take was like the best take.
We didn't quite now the chorus actually,
so when you're doing the ad-libs, if you could just say a chorus,
that would probably help us out.
Yeah, I mean like, I wrote a chorus and it's good,
but like, if you can provide your energy to the chorus,
like you could bring that Rory energy to the chorus,
that could really pump it up another notch.
Yeah? Yeah, I mean, obviously I can bring my Rory energy to the chorus.
I'm fucking Rory Blarney Stone.
Oh, and also if you can get your name in there,
cause we didn't quite get that, so.
This is sort of just an ad-lib pass,
so really just go fucking crazy and lose your mind on this one.
Would be my, is mostly what we're looking for on this pass.
Yeah, like really bring a crazy out of your mind energy,
but don't forget that you're hard and also it's really sexy.
Yeah.
Crazy out of your mind, sexy hard energy.
Crazy, so fucking sexy too though.
And you're out of your goddamn mind.
Alright, I'm fucking crazy.
I'm Rory Blarney Stone, I'm fucking one of my mind.
So you didn't need to say that, but I appreciate all the hard work everybody's putting in,
everybody's doing a great job.
It's my team that makes me.
Alright.
That's the middle again.
You didn't want to take it from the middle.
Well, you said you didn't, you said it's a pickup.
Oh, sorry, I read between the lines.
I thought you wanted me to start in the middle.
I'll start at the top if that's where you want to start.
Yeah.
Okay.
Rory Blarney Stone.
Blarney on the track.
Fuck these guys.
Moving around to the boy rainbow.
Blarney.
This is my fucking rainbow.
This is my father's fucking rainbow.
Destruct trouble.
Run down.
Shit has disappeared.
Is that pretty much coverage?
Hey, you're good.
I could go again.
No, no, sorry, you're good.
I was just confirming that you're good.
You're good to go.
That was so sick.
You seemed disappointed.
door again yeah yeah it's right there I'd come in and shake your hand but like my spine thing
and I'm a ghost so all right well pleasure to work with you boys excited to see what you make
to totally do that now the now my work starts like you've done the real work and now and now
it's just moving some knobs and stuff so thanks man thanks man okay bye bye wow what a fucking pro
what a fucking absolute pro to get to work with that was incredible is he gone yeah he's
fucking gone this is gonna take a shitload of work he did not give us much to work with
there I didn't want to say it while he was here but that was not his best well like that's why
we're here like I mean sometimes nobody shits like you know somebody says someone comes in
shits on your day you know like that's part of the business man like you're gonna get used to it
because I've heard he's good and that was just like fucking not sorry I forgot my chile Lee
sorry we're talking about a different guy that we have to work with before you
it was so cool working with you man grab that chile Lee get out of here I know you're busy
different guy different guy we were talking about there different guy bonsai I don't know if
it's worth your time man because you're like a you're like a you're like further into the production
process than we are so it might not be worth your time he's using a sarcastic voice but he's
trying to save you time Rory emo all right let's just um we're just gonna kind of add a couple
presets and pick a couple takes and then we're just gonna straight up and just fucking print this
thing just like let's just get it out the door because we've been spending like days on this shit
and honestly we can only polish so much dude sometimes you just got to finish a job like
sometimes you just got to do your best like I've been doing this for years man that's just how it
goes a bonsai bullfrog you're not you don't employ the audio engineer nothing but time
I mean I will absolutely send you these files uh if you want them by all means
you are more than welcome to all of these files but I do the main thing that would be a waste of
your time is trying to teach me how to engineer it over chat but I will absolutely I'll post the
files in the discord I think there's an audio thing in the discord so I'll upload and do a
google drive and just drop them in there or I can just drop the audition project in there I don't
know if that's easier or I'll export the stems you know how to export stems yeah you sure yeah but
for now let's we'll give it a serviceable pass we'll at least apply some of my incredible preset
knowledge to this and I'll let you guys in on my process so here we have like a couple takes as
we call it in the business we have like a couple audio takes I believe is in the business what
we call it and then there's like a ton of vocal presets that you can just pick
um none of them say like good vocal though but here's a hip hop vocal chain
which is basically that you know it's like gonna make it good for us I'm assuming
and then we just need on this we just need like probably like too much reverb
probably so much reverb that you can't tell what he's saying at all would probably be ideal
because sometimes he's saying like pretty confusing stuff yeah we're gonna hear what you got to
find first I'm just gonna slap a million um I'm just gonna slap a bunch of shit on there first
I'm just gonna really like slap it out with some shit you know uh we're gonna make this way too
fucking swirly and crazy and then we're also just gonna like just very haphazardly
um just fucking we're just gonna use this light mastering um fucking preset okay now
it's just not good whoa what the fuck man that's such a trick every time all right let's see what we got
my father's fucking rainbow there's no more lyrics I mean look when you figure it out like
sometimes you just get it in one I mean I applied like the presets is the thing and they worked
dude those presets worked really yeah they worked they worked really good man yeah like I put on
some of the best ones um so I think it's pretty much good to go I was pretty down on some of
Blarney's work um if anything I wish we had him in for one more adlib pass because those adlibs are actually
pretty good I mean he is still here I mean I've been I got pretty self-conscious after some of the
stuff you said so I've been here I mean Bart Blarney you've been incredible to work with you've said
the opposite with me here so many times you've been really incredible to work with you're such
you're such a pro man you are such a pro I'm known for my adlibs let's do one more adlib pass and then
let's get out of here for the day I mean we've been working on this for what is it 10 hours now dude
it's been two days straight in the studio on this one we've all put in the work no one can deny that
we've put in the work to make a certified sorry I got a lot of vocal buttons here I understand
dude just shout the chorus yeah and if you could really work in the chorus this time I don't want
to do a note pass because this is more of an adlib pass all right but if you could really kind of
it's the thing is it's sexy but it's also hard I you've said that yeah but like just really
think about that like this time you could bring a hard type energy really try to try to focus on
the hard type energy and make sure to shout that chorus I can shout the chorus and I can
adlib I'm known for my adlibs all right but are you gonna keep the other adlibs in there so I know
what I'm working with but I am I'm ready for this Blarney chorus Vaseline what's the chorus though
you know the main thing holding me back is I don't know what the chorus is what is it that's interesting
because the lyrics are there like there are lyrics there well it's just done it's not really filled
the space is the is the focus that it's a green screen vape dream or that my highters are disappearing
I think it's more about the green screen vape dream so really hit that just say the word chorus
oh that could be good if you could throw in a couple adlibs of saying the word chorus
all right so don't do the core will do to still do the chorus but also adlib in the word chorus
all right just fucking play the thing fucking play the thing already all right here we go
green screen vape dream chorus I fucking get it where's my lyrics
there's no more lyrics you feel like we got it that time wait a minute you didn't
fucking record it you didn't fucking record a thing god damn it I'm looking at the software right here
did you not fucking record it that was a practice pass man I thought you wanted to practice it
you son of a bitch I thought you were doing a practice pass to be fair I also thought I thought
it was a practice pass based on your energy you son of a bitch oh fucking green screen vape
dream you the hell hey that's energy that energy you have right now is fucking fire
fire fucking song and turn down the gain is too high you're blowing out your own fucking lyrics
that's but that's part of our style actually that's worth one that we're kind of known for that
year is blowing out the lyrics I think it's I think you're doing great okay I think you're
doing great you're freaking out you're freaking out no I'm not just if you can do it again
Kendall's here Kendall are you back oh it's it's oh it's my roommate
do you live in the studio I live above the studio sort of a work-live situation
uh no I think we're good unless you want to rap about haggis and also really protect your vocal
chords you're sounding a little raw I know how to protect my vocal chords you're sounding
like you might have blown out your voice I think I've I've been doing this for years young man I know
how to protect my vocal chords are you recording yeah the thing is though also we stream this so I
can easily just go back and and extract your lyrics from that there was loud music over my lyrics
I don't think you can extract my lyrics well look the main thing is bring that same energy
carry that anger you just had over into the lyrics and this time really do try to focus on being
hard as much as you can focus on being hard I'd say go for that son of a fucking bitch all right it's
fucking recording is it fucking recording better fucking be learning learning fucking
there's no more lyrics chorus did you fucking get it that time that was a really strong take
that was a strong take we fucking got it we got it we got it dude I'm fucking furious yeah and you
brought that and it really helped but I do think your voice is a little blown out so protect those
vocal chords just don't try to talk too much right now you gotta protect those vocal chords I fuck my
fuck you're you're sound worse than me for some reason you're getting and so you should just
we got some cam and built he plenty of honey go protect those vocal chords we'll see you soon
excited to deliver this one to you so excited man huge stuff big there's no more lyrics all right
I'm fucking leaving for real it's the team that makes me and you're all incredible what an honor
same absolutely 1000% same okay nightmare to work with that guy is a fucking nightmare to work with
but he does pull it out with the ad-libs some strong ad-libs nightmare to work with I felt
sick being in the room with him almost fucking I almost fucking stopped existing I would say die
but I already did I think we might only allow this goal specifically on Fridays I think this
could be sort of just a Friday this could be kind of like the Friday thing because I do think it would
it would probably kill us three times a week because I'm working with so many clients all
the time I'd just be so tired all right really strong really strong I guess let's hear it back
one more time and then we'll call it let me just turn on my powerful presets vocal reverb large
and of course a single compressor not to get too technical with you guys but this is how the pros do it
they add a vocal reverb large and then they go to compression and they end they had a single
bad compressor with light mastering turned on that's pretty much how it usually goes down here in
the biz okay I'll see what we got I'm just so happy with the final result that's okay
when you put in the work when you put in the work sometimes it's really all worth it
I'm like at a loss for I'm losing my voice I'm so excited about this project
we really put all of us put in a ton of good work today and and that's just the tip of the
iceberg like once you figure out how to record things and play music and pro tools one of
these days as a producer I am going to figure out how to record and play music in producing
programs and Tam Trin thank you so much for the five gifted subs but we don't do it for the subs
but honestly the subs do make it all worth it we don't do it for the subs but the subs make it all
worth it chorus dude blarney sometimes it's those ad libs that really make a thing chorus
although we can't technically you someone did ghost write the lyric chorus credit to our
ghostwriter I think it might have been psych or uh no I think it was card king it was either
card king or psych or you might have a card king who requested the song who had the wisdom to ghost
write the lyric chorus and sometimes that's really what cracks it all is a lyric like chorus absolutely
yeah rick rubin doesn't also know how to use programs I really I'm where I set a vibe I set an
extremely positive vibe which is important when you work with just piece of shit dog-ass clients
like rory blarneystone fucking monster awful piece of shit to work with I am I didn't leave
yeah I know we're rory but at this point at this point rory why are you still here I don't know
I don't know is there an after party there is yeah there is okay well I guess have fun at it we will
leaving okay
hey it's one it's another one of my roommates down here in the studio where we like to chill what
the heck is this it's watch it this is made it watch it outside so I thought I'd bring you
thank you for bringing this because my for some reason my voice is totally shot have you seen the
tiktok for this the tiktok for this oh that's good oh good this is for you oh okay yeah this is for
you but uh the tiktok for this is a girl saying uh it's it's 3 a.m. and I'm severely dehydrated
like eating this and so we made it and so there you go thank you I'll come outside after I um
end the stream they want me to listen to the song don't worry you'll I'll listen to it yeah you'll
hear it eventually right goodbye guys once it's on the radio you won't be able to escape it
hi guys sorry to uh disturb oh you're fine you're fine I just wanted you to try this one
guys t lattes follow t lattes
all right let's send it back to case my cousin second cousin that's weird I'm he's also my second
cousin that's crazy that's a crazy coincidence because you're haven't even been dead for 200 years
I've been ghostwriting yeah for 200 years from beyond the grave so but he's my second cousin
second cousins are it's confusing how that works okay uh back up we go to case thank you so much for
the incredible suggestion card king thank you for all the ghostwriting that you helped our ghost
writer ghostwrite and uh we'll do this again I think specifically and only ever on fridays secret
friday goal if you want to see this type of creativity exploding on the scene then just
stop by on fridays all right we send it back to case uh
he'll be there in two seconds once I remember the button okay bye bye
whoo it's getting hot in the studio guys it's honestly too hot in the studio
oh is your second cousin's brother's neighbor's best friend's coworker that's
is an absolutely insane coincidence is absolutely let me make sure I save this project
I have access we share a computer it's all linked up so I have access to their studio
guys I'm sure I'm sure my cousin will only get better at producing songs
but for now we're gonna call it we'll do the we'll do the usual news extensive news roundup on Monday
but I have to drink this lovely drink that was brought to me oh is golden boy on
fantastic you know what I would normally raid golden boy but I am going to do the um
I'm gonna do that otk stream with Bruce green on sunday well I'm not really doing it exactly I'm
wrote it so I'm just gonna see him on sunday so um it's an expo raid it's a pre expo raid
from me just a little just a little raid for big ol Bruce I'll um if you have any interest in doing
whatever you want with these vocal files I'll export them right after this I'll drop them in that cream
team um channel that's like for music and don't worry my vote my I do this to my voice all the
time it will recover within like an hour as long as I don't scream anymore so I'll stop screaming
for now sorry as long as I don't hear an irish guy stream scream my uh my voice will recover uh it's a
pre expo raid for Bruce green have a beautiful rest of your weekend guys uh if you're free sunday
expo yourself some games you'll see uh Bruce Ovely and a little bit of me um and we'll uh see you
if not then then on monday bye bye everybody