I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Someone put a big green box behind me. How could they do that to me? I think I can remove it so quickly.
What the heck just happened? I heard so many noises.
I was rushing over here.
Driving my car to a new station.
Let me activate the... okay there we go.
TamTran. What the what? Five community subs right off the bat.
Oh, there's a hype train currently going on.
The madness has already
settled in.
Well good to see everybody. Thanks for starting us off, right? The Pogo stick is in fact here.
It arrived just a little bit ago. I haven't even opened the box. I guess we could technically do a
Pogo unboxing.
What could be more hype than that? Maybe we'll start the stream that way.
Pogo Kendall though, we'll probably have to do next week because I need to
just turn the stream on outside. We can unbox it right now though.
Oh, Timmy the brain barely informed for 16 months. Thank you again TamTran. Thank you Timmy.
16 months of support. I do in fact love to see it. Street rain with the
21 months longer than some of your relationships. Isn't that true for
at least you've had a 21 month relationship. That's great.
Uncle Phil 2k 16 months.
Incredible dilemma given out the community sub leading to this guy.
Yep.
It all leads to me.
Okay. Is Kendall back? She is. She's got headphones on though, so I don't know if she can hear me talking about her.
But Kendall's back. She looks incredible. She's the love of my life.
She can hear me. Okay. She gave me a thumbs up.
Where should Kendall Pogo? Maybe we could even do it at this anime convention. I could I guess...
Actually, I don't know the wifi situation. I'm not gonna make a promise, but I'm going to do some anime convention on Saturday.
Maybe I bring my Pogo stick
and she does anime Pogo.
The Hollywood Forever Cemetery
neighbor's house. It'd be an apartment, but I guess I could just go to the nearest house.
Exclamation point one through five to vote for these beautiful options. Togo underground
neighbor's house, Hollywood forever cemetery and the living room.
Living room is the easiest option, but that doesn't make it the best. Here. Let me grab this box.
We just have to pray that they didn't jam some porn in here because I'm unboxing this live.
Yeah, we got a big old box. Okay, let's see.
They can really hear the ugly crinkling. I'll turn off this music.
Be Grendel, what's up with you? Good to... I didn't do the call outs today. I got too
hyped up by all this hypeness going on.
Well, thank you, Mr. Whippo Boo Boo Live and Sleazy Be Grendel.
And Durance Junkie, Uncle Phil 2K, Ray Silva, of course, Tam Tran, all the subs
coming at the top of the stream. Thank you so much.
And if you think those subs go to me, no, every cent you send
goes into buying Kendall little toys.
I shouldn't say that. That actually sounds good. Okay.
Parts of this are somewhat translucent.
My stream has a slight aversion to the color green if you're wondering why it looks this way.
Did it tie? Oh shit. A younger pogo around the box than I actually would be.
This is our Kendall stand in. Okay. How do I get this thing out of here? Ooh, it's pretty cinched up.
Pogo Kendall. I had that huge box and I just pull a vinegar egg out of it. That would have been
pretty next level if only I'd thought of that.
You could do a second vote between the two if you'd like.
I mean, some of those places I can't go for the record. I can't go to my neighbor's house.
I could go to a different house and do it.
I guess I could just ask Cassin if I can call him my neighbor.
Okay, we're almost there. The hype has died. It was not long for this world.
Thank you for all the subs and bits though.
Okay.
My gosh, it's so wound up. Be released.
Yeah.
Pogo. I can't be honest. This barely supports 200 pounds.
Spoiler alert. I'm a bit over 200. Had to look at your pogo stick. She's not paying attention.
Kendall, look it's your pogo stick. Do you want to try it here?
There's not much room. He's doing her nails. We're going to have to wait, but this is a tease.
I mean, it's a dangerous weapon actually. It's a powerful spear. We'll just set it under the desk here.
It's safely under the desk. Don't worry. There we go.
There, okay, sorry. I have to adjust a few things. It's pronounced ungee, like with a hard G.
Okay, ungee. I have been saying your name wrong for 21 months.
So I appreciate. You've probably typed that before and with my slothful vision, I missed it.
But ungee, which I could still be saying wrong. Feel free to call me out.
Thank you so much for the 21 months for upgrading your name. You feel heard? Finally.
That's the kind of stuff we can offer here.
He's hearing. Okay, it's a little hot in here. Too much hot pogo action, too much hype.
I only have about an hour to stream today. So I guess let's do some news. I have not
I have not prepped anything. Full disclosure. I have no idea what's going on.
Donald Trump poll blows. Let's see in that. Let me pop open the discord real quick.
Boop boop boop boop boop. Pupido, you doing all right today?
Sorry, I'm doing producing right now. I'm looking at various things on the floor and
deciding which I lick first. I'll just lick them all. Okay, great work, Pupido.
Bat boy. A Bat Boy Netflix movie. We have to leave that to Trent.
More Keanu Reeves. Wow, there's a lot going on. Oh, God. All right. I guess we can talk about
this in the interest of doing something that's debatably news. We can talk about this JK rolling
insanity. Is it worth it's probably worth talking about because it's being like there's the active
spread of misinformation going on. Something that I contribute to in other arenas but which I would
prefer not to hear. So I guess let's talk about this. I should also learn how to play this
say this person's name. Keliff? Keliff?
JK rolling nonsense. Yes. Rolling even further downhill. Rolling to new lows. Let's talk about it,
I guess. It's news time. The person you were hoping would cover a story that's sensitive.
Me. Truly a short, short poor choice by me today. I apologize everyone. He came out of the wall.
I come out of the wall more than you'd think. I mean, I spend most of my time in there obviously.
It's the safest place. It's where I feel absolutely safe. But it's not my only place.
I've got other places. Weirding me out a little bit today, Peter. What?
Your song is really going. Yeah. Elon, JD Van's Dan or Lovsky, Logan, Paul, Pat,
McAfee, Ronnie Dion, DeSantis, have all chimed in on Miss Keliff. My hands are ready for all of them.
That's what I'd like to see. I'd like to see real steel style boxing where live and sleazy controls
one of the robots from real steel and then he fights all these people. That's my conception of
the hands. But instead I guess we'll just talk about it. I don't, this story was, I'm sure
this was shared by, there's a bunch of different stories covering this. So I'm not going in blind
here. It's probably a mistake when I'm talking about something that's actually a sensitive issue.
But we'll check it on this story and just trust that a BBC, uh-oh, BBC won't have the worst opinions.
It could go either way with a BBC. Peter, are you sure you want to talk about this?
Talk about what? Oh, I'm so high up. Why am I so, so big? Oh, that's wrong.
Ah! I'm gone! I'm gone, case! What the- what the fuck, Peter? Okay, I have to fix, Peter.
Why did she teleport behind me? This is not acceptable behavior.
One second, I think I have to fix this. This feels very unpleasant. I'm going to level
with all of you. I don't like this. Oh god, how do I even fix this on? Short notice.
This is the worst. This is the worst day for me. Um, ah, here we go. Yeah, Peter, please
stop breathing like that. We got, we'll get out of this together.
The fuck, where did I put this? Oh my god, it's a disaster. This is, this is too complicated.
I don't know if I can find it actually. What I need to do to make Peter leave me.
From the wall to case and he's mirroring me so perfectly. This is the worst.
Hello, Kendall. Okay, wait, here we go. Peter, scoot over. Also, turn around
and stop mimicking- Peter, stop mimicking me. Ah! This is weird. Watch weird.
What is weird about anything? That all seems really normal to me, case. You know what I mean?
Whoa! I gotta scoot over just a little bit more. Possibly. Possibly. Okay, sorry. We're gonna,
we're gonna get this all under control in just a second. And that seems about right.
That should be about right. Arts, it's not right.
Kendall, are you trying to pogo right now?
She's creating more chaos in this chaotic situation. You can go outside.
I just can't follow you with this camera. What the heck?
We've almost got it back to normal, I swear. Okay, that'll have to do.
Jesus. Kendall, come over here with that thing. How to start it? It doesn't have like a start
button. Kendall doesn't know how to pogo. Her raw pogo energy can't be contained.
She's gonna hurt herself. It's very tight in this apartment.
You're doing it next to like a pile of shoes. Sorry, it's very tight in the studio.
She is in the tightest part of the studio next to the pile of shoes.
It's a choice that she's made to do this in this moment. Are you, are you able to do it?
Okay, she's gonna train up. She's practicing. Okay, let's, well, we were trying to talk about
a sensitive story case. Let's get into it. We got Peter here to do it for us. The neighbors are
like, well, those are some new sounds. Are those not new sounds? Hello, Papito.
I thank you so much, Uncle Phil 2K. Anyway, let's get into this supposed controversy about
an Olympic boxer or from what I can tell online, basically any muscular female is being called a man?
Yes, we go to JK Rowling's Twitter, which is always a mistake. She's, I don't think she's just
bringing smoke to, to Keele here, but I could be wrong. I've seen just a lot of general it is
idiocy online today. So let's give them a little context for what we're talking about, I guess.
Wow. No, where'd the story go? It's gone. What the frick? How did everything go so crazy?
The story, and I'm so far away from it. Wow, it's all the way over there somehow.
Something weird is, and it's backwards. That's not ideal. We would prefer that the story is not
backwards. This, this stream is on a real hair trigger case to just completely not work.
All right, we're gonna, we're gonna fix all of this. We're getting it together.
What a riot is start to things. Okay, I come out of the wall for one second, and suddenly
everything breaks, and now you're probably gonna blame me for that case. Everything was working
before you came out of the wall. Oh, Papito could be cheese drunk. Did you give him one
of the weird cheeses? Well, he was eyeing a lot of floor stuff. He might have eaten something off the
floor like poison. Why do you keep poison on the floor? Well, I don't. He just, you know, he eats a
lot of soap, which is basically poison. Well, you got to stop cleaning the floors. I think I have
to because he makes so many messes. All right, it's a lose-lose for case. So let's talk about
this story that I'm sure will make us feel better. Keyleth, opponent, abandoned early in
controversial fight. Italy's Angela Carini abandoned her Olympic vote against Algerian boxer,
a main Caliph, inside a 46 second saying, I had to preserve my life. What? Keyleth is one of two
athletes who have been cleared to compete in the women's boxing in Paris, have been disqualified
from last year's women's world championship for failing to meet eligibility criteria.
The International Olympic Committee, IOC, which did not organize the world championships,
but is running a boxing Paris 2024, said weightlifter Caliph was disqualified in India
because of elevated levels of testosterone. Oh, and match what's doing it? Yes, apparently elevated
levels of testosterone for some people just instantly equates to, I guess, trans woman,
which if you're JK Rowling, you don't accept as a thing that exists.
Bonn, having received a bind the first round at the Olympics, the 25 year old who also competed
at the Tokyo Games, entered the arena of Paris, blah, blah, blah. What happened after taking
a punch to the face inside 30 seconds, Karini went to the corner for her coach to fix her head gear
after briefly resuming, she returned to her corner once more and stopped the fight.
She was in tears. I wasn't able to finish the match. I felt a strong pain in my nose. Well,
you got punched. I hope my dad won't take it badly, but I stopped. I said stop for myself.
Could have been a match of a lifetime, but I had to pursue my life. I didn't have fear. I
don't have fear. So none of this is about her complaining about her opponent. Yes, the media
certain members of the media are taking care of that for. Yeah, would be surprised if an
Olympic athlete didn't have elevated everything. There's certainly ways to get elevated testosterone
other than having gone through male puberty, that's for sure. The boxing commenced and
changed recently because the old one was corrupted by Russian oligarchs. The new one does different
athletics testing. Yes, so the contention basically, and I'll just go ahead and
we're going to show JK Rowling's Twitter, which is very hate filled, just a little heads up.
But she's kind of been going hard. She keeps posting stuff like someone with DSD cannot
help the way they were born, but they can choose not to cheat. So she's
basically claiming that this athlete is trans, which if you do, from very brief googling,
they're not. So she's basically just, I don't know, misgendering, a cis woman. I think that the
thing that she has is the same thing that like Jamie Lee Curtis has, where she has like an XY
chromosome or something. That's something I've seen online. Either way, this woman has never
identified as a man, was never treated as man, was born a woman and has been a woman
her whole life and is now boxing and has elevated levels of testosterone, which while
could be suspicious, given that you could just be taking testosterone or any number of things,
certainly doesn't mean that you've transitioned, which they never have. I don't even think it's
legal to transition in our country. Yes, Kester Samania went through similar in the past.
Various people that have the XY, XX when they're born have gone through various levels of,
you know, prejudice when that fact is revealed in the media and currently
various members of the conservative media are kind of going whole hog on that. Full hog.
They're always kind of hog, but they're going full hog. From what I'm getting this mass,
this mess stem from the runner ups resentment of her victorious opponent.
From these quotes, and let's go back to the story, it doesn't look like she's bringing up
gender, but maybe they do. I haven't looked into the entire thing.
In a sex girl, you hear people come in all flavors, not just vanilla and strawberry.
Exactly. And also, well, yeah, and also, I mean, even if this was a trans woman, the way it's
being handled is, of course, insane. And you know, just as a little added here, it's not a trans woman.
So Italian Prime Minister, Georgia Maloney told Italian media it managed to be able to compete on
equal grounds. And from my point of view, it was not, oh, okay. Oh, this is the Italian Prime
Minister. All right. So now they're wearing it. It was not even an even contest.
To be clear, she cleared to compete in these Olympics through whatever, I'm sure there's
extensive testing in the Olympics, and she was totally cleared. So whatever that testosterone
issue she had before, she does not have any more. Yes, Georgia Maloney also should be noted
as a far right goon. Very well said, live in Sleazy. Speaking about Khalif Karini told reporters,
I wish her to carry on until the end and that she can be happy. That's an ominous way to describe
competition, but to give her the benefit of the doubt, she's saying, I hope she
does well in the Olympics. I'm somebody who doesn't judge anyone. I'm not here to give
judgments. Khalif, who has lost nine times during her 50-fight career, told BBC Sports,
I'm here for gold. I fight everybody.
Taiwanese, a Taiwan Lin-Yu, Taiwan Lin-Yu Ting, who was also, who was stripped of bronze medal
at last year's World Championship after failing a gender eligibility test fights in Paris on Friday.
The IOC said all boxes in Paris comply with the competition's eligibility and entry regulations.
On Tuesday, IOC spokesman Mark Adams said the athletes have competed many times before many years.
They haven't just suddenly arrived. We took appropriate action. This is getting into basically the
gender eligibility test, I think. Last June, Russia led body was stripped of its status as the world's
government body by the IOC. Can we switch this? Yeah, you know what? Maybe I'm just going to
tag in here. Something about Peter's face in this story is really bothering me. That's so mean case.
Is it? A little bit. I think you'll live. Last June, the Russia led body was stripped of its status as
the sports world governing body to the IOC, which organized the boxing competition at the Tokyo
2020 Olympics and is doing so again for Paris. On Wednesday, the IBS said the pair was disqualified
at the World Championship to uphold the levels of fairness and utmost integrity of the competition.
It said they did not undergo testosterone examination but were subject to separate
and recognized tests whereby the specifics remain confidential. The test conclusively indicated
that both athletes did not meet the necessary required eligibility criteria and were found to
have competitive advantages over female competitors. The body added. I can see why this phrasing is
rabble rousing just by saying competitive advantages over female competitors. The fact
that it's called what gender eligibility testing is obviously if you fail it, the implication
then is that you're not female. But again it sounds like the failure here was elevated testosterone
levels. Although now there's so much misinformation spreading online that that is also being disputed.
Michael Phelps also had an unfair advantage in swimming due to genetics. Well, I mean you
could argue every athlete has a genetic advantage if they're operating at the absolute highest
level. You need some physical gifts to be an Olympian unsurprisingly. I don't know. The litigation
of like the should trans athletes be allowed to compete in whatever gender they identify as,
to me is just so beyond the point we're at with like transgender activism. It's not even really
worth litigating. There's so many things, so many rights for them to fight for and not that they
shouldn't be fighting for the right to compete in the events they want to. But there's just so many
issues other than that, that this wedge issue that they're trying to jam down people's
throats of transgender athletes in sports. It's just a shiny pair of keys they're dangling in
front of people to be like, you're precious sports. When ultimately, you know, there's a million
pressing issues and trans rights that are also being fought for that this basically just completely
detracts from. But for people like JK Rowling, it is a thing that they've been talking about
basically nonstop for several days now. Trans women would have no real advantage if they're on
HRT. Yeah, I mean, in my personal opinion, they should be allowed to compete. Some people are
going to like vehemently disagree with that because while they went through malpurity, yada yada yada,
the actual amount of issues where like a trans woman is competing at a sport and absolutely
dominating the competition, I've honestly never seen like a compelling example of it. So
for me, though, the like precious sanctity of our sports is not terribly important. So I
recognize that I don't have like a strong emotional tie here, but I don't know. I just, I
resent even getting like sucked in. I don't resent, but I resent the conversation getting sucked in this
direction when I just think they're being denied way more fundamental rights that should at least
be the focus at first. And also like, there's way bigger issues with the sanctity of the Olympics,
I suspect, than trans athletes. I don't know if you can entirely eliminate the use of testosterone
in prepping for the competition. Let's just, let's just put it that way. Not that every athlete is, but
I suspect when the stakes are as high as they are in international sports and the Olympics,
there's some people on there that are probably finding competitive advantages that might be a
little suspect. Caitlyn Jenner won the Cthulhuang just full of testosterone. I like the conspiracy
graphic next to the title of the story. Wait, is there conspiracy graphic next to the title of
this story? Where's the conspiracy graphic? Anyway, there's something else I wanted to pull up here
on my screen. Oh, because the conspiracy was requested. Oh yeah, I added a thing. I added a
thing so I can remind myself which segments I have coming up. So because the conspiracy was
demanded, assuming it's working correctly. And that's actually the segment that was requested.
Yeah, it looks like the two that were requested it is working for maybe? Or is it not?
Did somebody request a conspiracy? Oh no, is it already not working? There was a call for an expert
and maybe that triggered the wrong graphic. Hmm, my flawless system already has a flaw?
I can't believe it. The expert's there too, but it should have not turned on the conspiracy one.
Unless the conspiracy was requested. Sorry, I'm just checking if there was one.
Well, I gotta go. I'll have to hit up Streamerbot to see what what happened. How could it do this to
me? My beautiful Streamerbot. Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum. Oh, I can do that later.
Yeah, it was an expert. I'll talk to Bullwinkle. We can talk to Bullwinkle about this. Anyway,
the online discourse around this has been surprisingly fairly toxic and terrible.
Uh,
for instance, they're kind of just sucking in. There's certainly a lot of people online just
kind of sucking in anyone they see as I guess just muscular and female. They're basically
saying that they're trans women. For instance, I've unfortunately seen a lot of people
going after Kate Lettichy or at least lots of people quoting people
going after Kate Lettichy. They're just saying, you know, the usual insane. I don't even bother
reading it, but basically, you know, it's everybody hand-wringing saying they feel so bad for female
athletes, which she is. Apparently every athlete basically at the Olympics that wins is now
seemingly a man to some people, which you think would be considered a little sexist.
Yeah, that is a surprise. I thought that JK Rowling was like really defensive of
of women. Unless they're a useful tool to basically just lash out at trans people,
she claims to be. But I think that that, I think that her love of her fellow women is a little
flexible. If it's convenient to dog pile on one, just completely erroneously because the internet's
decided that it's a trans woman. It's very, it's just very strange that they're just going after,
they're just going after Olympic women that have, that were born biologically female,
something they're so obsessed with and they're just going full fully in anyway.
Yeah, it's starting to feel Mr. Whoopi-Boo-Boo. I guess it's felt that way for a while that she
just desperately wants attention. Only dudes were allowed to get in the ancient Olympics.
Is that true? I feel like I remember in school being like,
like ladies competed naked in the Olympics and that blowing like my 11 year old mind.
But maybe they didn't. Maybe it was all dudes. Maybe that was just,
maybe that was just 11 year old me wishing on a star.
Yes, I mean, swimmers, swimmers have like, I don't know, they got usually got like big
shoulders, big lats. I mean, you're just doing this motion all day. So, you know,
it gives you like a big V shaped body. I used to swim myself,
which, you know, obviously was like dumb gender standards. I guess people are going to associate
that with like a masculine body type. But this is just a woman that's really in shape for swimming.
So, you know, when you're a dumb ass hammer, everything is trans. The trans,
when you're when you're transphobic, everything's a hammer. Yeah, some kind of statement like that.
So, let's go with some kind of metaphor like that.
Women are a new creation. Yeah, well anyway, that's this depressing story. It was,
it was going around the internet quite a bit today. So, if you're confused because
there's just so much outrage over it, just know that as far as I can tell,
and I don't even really think this should make a difference, but it does make it extra absurd,
every single female athlete that is being accused of being a man by a bunch of transphobic,
you know, idiots on the fucking internet is biologically female. It's a strange moment
in stupid outrage. It feels like they're cannibalizing themselves.
JK Rowling runs a shelter service for abused women, but denies transgender women. Yeah, I mean,
you know, it's, if JK Rowling, I think I was, I heard someone talk about this in a,
with a good perspective, I think. It's almost like a sunk cost fallacy.
Like, she has committed so hard to transphobia now that it's her whole identity. The more she commits,
the more important it is that she's right. So, the more, so she just keeps committing even more
and more because if she ever now admits that she's been a frothing sociopath over this,
even by conservative standards, I think JK Rowling is like a frothing sociopath over this.
You know, it like undoes her entire identity and makes the last like six years of her life
completely pointless. So, I guess at this point she might never give it up because to give it up
is to kind of admit that she's now squandering all of her goodwill and wasting her life.
If she would admit it though, you know, she could possibly still be a somewhat positive
influence in the sense of being like, I was a complete moron, I got taken in by this nonsense,
and I have now wasted a large chunk of my life and squandered all of my goodwill. That would be a
good like negative example of why not to get obsessed with this particular avenue of hate,
but it seems like she never will, unfortunately. Is she checking their pants or test levels
or something? I'm sure she would love to do any kind of debase humiliation she could think of.
It's been like a weird week for like trans folks because there's also like the moist critical thing
where I think to a lot of people he reads as a little more centrist online dude,
but he came out this week basically with fairly blanket support for trans people, I would say,
and you know, then he got like a mountain of hate from this same online cadre of freaks.
If you pass, you're good. It's, it's, they should probably, I mean obviously they should rename
whatever that test is, if they're ultimately testing for unacceptable levels of testosterone,
that should be the test. But I don't know all of the criteria of this weird Olympic gender test.
There's people, I just think like, sorry, I'm talking, psychor to your question of people
thought he wasn't generally accepting, I've always assumed he was, but he's kind of in the same
content pipeline as a lot of more reactionary YouTubers. He doesn't have the same takes as them,
but for instance, you know, if there was like pressure on him to do a story, which he talked about
in a recent video from What I Can Gather, there was like pressure on moist critical to cover the
Ava Tyson story, because that's the kind of thing he usually, I think, would cover. He covers
like a lot of the same stories that, you know, some online people that I like a lot less cover.
He usually doesn't have like terribly acrid takes in my opinion. Sometimes he's a little like
more down the middle than I would appreciate personally on some issues, but he does not seem
like a terrible guy. And it's not surprising to me that he's like in favor of gender affirming
care, but it was a surprise to a lot of his followers apparently. No, he's not actively
harmful. I don't think. And he seems like he seems like a certainly more considerate person than
your average YouTube celebrity to me. So I'd say on the whole I give moist critical the case Blackwell
seal of approval, which I'm sure is very important to him. Okay, well, with that in mind, Peter,
you didn't offer anything here. I had stuff to say and just know if I did,
it would have been the right opinion. And everybody would have felt
good about it. A low bar for you two celebs. Yeah, a little bit.
But I have a really high bar in the wall. You got like a couple bars in there that I can't reach,
even if I really try to squirm my way up there, the wall is thin enough that I can kind of wriggle
like a snake upward. But some of those bars are too high. Do you have an apartment?
I do have auto pay for my rent. So maybe it's still in shape. Maybe they're still an apartment out there.
Guess I'll never know. You could just go to it. I think that's all the time we have. You know,
not all stories are fun to talk about. And when when when that happens, I think the best place to
think the best thing to do is retreat into your wall. So I got to go I have to go right now.
Okay.
Is Peter's wall like Bender's apartment on Futureama? From what I can gather, it's a little thinner.
It seems to be pressing firmly against his stomach and back. He's
fully embraced by the wall. Okay, let me just check one thing here. Why did that happen?
Why is it showing the conspiracy graphic? I wonder. Well, I don't know. It's a mystery to me.
It's like a mystery. Let's turn it off. I'll give you the play by play. Turning off a graphic.
Go away, little gift. There we go. The conspiracy is how did it get turned on?
How did I get so turned on? I should have also this is my these are the the huge stream updates
for everybody. Should also not automatically turn off the graphics for you to trigger back there,
depending on which scene I switched to. So you can't waste your your precious points.
That's the goal at least. The stream is working. I need to talk to Bullwinkle apparently.
I need to talk to Bullwinkle about anything in particular. Just Bullwinkle the stupid moose?
Is Bullwinkle dumb as hell? I guess we can only find out by asking him. Bullwinkle.
Let me just find this moose real quick. There's got to be a moose. Yeah, I'm seeing a moose.
I don't know why I'm talking to Bullwinkle, but I am. So if you have any questions for
Bullwinkle, throw them in the chat. I honestly don't have a ton for him, but um,
you know what? Let's just do a little just curious what will happen if I type this into
YouTube. Who is Bullwinkle? Let's just update ourselves with a couple shocking facts about Rocky
and Bullwinkle real quick. The iconic series Rocky and Bullwinkle had many subcategories over
its lifetime, including Rocky and his friends, the Bullwinkle show, the Rocky Bullwinkle show,
and many more. However, the original show ran from 1959 to 64. The show aired on both ABC and NBC.
The series was produced by Jay Ward Productions. The premise of the series was variety.
It focused on two main characters, Rocket Jay Squirrel, flying squirrel, and moose, a area
car dealership. The creators are dealers. The creators of the series, Jay Ward and Alex
Anderson, grew up in San Francisco and Oakland. The Ford Lincoln Mercury dealer, located in
Berkeley, California, was the inspiration for the main character's name. The dealership was
called Clarence Bullwinkle. The dealership had been in business since the 40s. As a result,
Jay and Alex decided to use the name in their series. Hunsters served a critical role in
the development of Rocky and Bullwinkle. It was written by a successful writer. I think they're
stretching. Anyway, he was inspired by a car dealer. That's our new fact that I didn't know
about Bullwinkle. And now I can definitely talk to him. Bullwinkle, thanks so much for being here.
He's good to be here. Big fan of the show. Really? You've heard of this show? This is
CNN. No, this is a Twitch show. What do you mean? He's to me Bullwinkle. I'm a big fan of American
cartoon. I think it's Bullwinkle. What are your thoughts on the war in Ukraine? I think you see a
more complicated matter than Americans may be giving it credit for. And honestly, isn't an
isolationist policy the most liberal thing of all? Allow other countries to make the same mistakes
as you on their path to self-actualization. Self-actualization. Well, that's the...
Okay, well, I guess you're entitled to your opinion, Bullwinkle.
Are you a Russian plant? I'm a moose. Okay. He's a moose.
Was Deadpool a good car dealer? Oh, the Deadpool movie. He did not seem to be particularly talented.
Oh, he did know lots of fakes about the mini veins, which I found cubical. Okay.
Why is your... This is a question for me. Is that how all mooses faces are? What do you mean?
Just a little floppy. Is your face not a little floppy? If you move side to side, you don't have
any face flop? Uh, actually, wow, I'm surprised. I thought I'd have more face flop than that.
There's definitely some floppiness to me, but it's below my face. It's not my... I'm
I'm gonna start trying to make a joke about my stomach, not my penis. Well, you failed.
How many lemons? How many lemons you sell in your time? What? Is that a... Maybe that's a car?
I don't know. Is that like the guy who put the lemon up his ass? I don't think so.
Then we get to kill moose with the stupid squirrel. You aren't coming for me. You try to stop me.
America is your beloved friend, the bullwinkle. Just encouraging you to put pressure on your government
to stay out of international conflicts. You know, I actually kind of, in a sense, agree with you
there, bullwinkle. I just suspect maybe you got some other motivations. Like what? To entertain children?
I just always assumed bullwinkle was anti-Russian propaganda. It is. That's why what I'm saying
is such an air of relevancy to it. Okay, well, um, no one can say I didn't talk to bullwinkle. I think
that's all the questions we have for you. Bullwinkle have particular set of skills, do you? Yes, laughter,
bumbling, friendliness. Dragon Hazard is saying that's a San Francisco accent. Ding, ding, ding.
A part of the liberal bastion of America is me. Everybody loves children's entertainer and
San Francisco icon bullwinkle.
If you eat chocolate moose, does that make you accountable? Yes.
It's a misconception that it is just chocolate. The cake always has moose in it.
So many of my brethren have been sacrificed for your delicious treats.
It's interesting. I can't really taste the moose. We're very sweet.
What exactly is a San Francisco treat?
Yielday, I, you know, come back to my place. I can show you cowboy.
I'm just kidding. I'm a moose that'd be fucked up. It does look like you have a human body.
It's just because I put on a suit for this. I think gunshade is correct that it's rice oroni.
Oh, it's just a little bullwinkle joke. Most of the jokes in bullwinkle were about fucking.
That's not, that can't be right. Well, you remember the
Boris in Natalia, that's a sexy couple. Big lady, little loud man. That's a classic sexual archetype.
This is not what you wanted when you said I wanted furries to be real. I don't think
this is what anybody wanted, but bullwinkle, I do appreciate you. I do appreciate you stopping
by on such short notice. I'm really not busy. They remake everything. Can I just say this? They remake
everything. Snoopy, he's still going, but bullwinkle. Just got to have been a more modern bullwinkle.
But if they did, I didn't get the call. It probably went for the moose and like the moose
from fucking Freddie got fingered. But it was a horse. That's just exactly the problem.
Can he be the HR rep instead of the toilet? I do need work. Maybe we'll vote on an HR rep,
and you can be one of them. What? That's such a weird way to interview candidates.
It's not an interview to vote. Okay, well, they read it bullwinkle twice. What? Maybe they just
didn't want a Russian, sorry, San Francisco bullwinkle. How did you not hear about it?
I just don't really watch TV or go to movies or read books. I'm a moose. Okay, you're using
the Pepito defense. All right, well, thanks for being here bullwinkle and thank you for
taste. Look, Russia's...
What? Nothing. Okay, I'll see you later.
That's a moose. That's the moose bullwinkle. And now we know. Pepito, are you the HR rep?
Did you do that for me? I think I'm the producer, but you could say I'm whatever,
because I don't do any of it. And it seems to be fine.
You're switching all the camera angles for me, Pepito. You got to give yourself some credit.
I don't get it if I am. Pepito's fired?
Is that like a food? No, that's... it would be me letting you go.
To eat? You're not though. You're not. Oh, okay. Can I be? If you want? Do I? I don't know.
Okay. Yeah, there's a lot of things I vaguely remember of Schimer. Most things on this stream
are in a fog for me. Okay, let's talk about whatever else. In fact, let's send it down to Munch and Crumb.
I don't know what they're debating, but you can decide, chat. And then we'll do another story.
And then I think I do have to get out of here for the day, because I had to do a quick one.
Um, a weird short stream today featuring rants from me and technical issues and a moose.
But for now, let's Munch and Crumb it. It's time for Munch and Crumb.
I've been told I have a moose-like energy because they're big and strong and they
rub their head against trees a lot. Classic alpha behavior.
Classic wolf behavior. You just said you have a moose energy. How is moose behavior,
wolf behavior? You would get it if you were a wolf. Next expert from Gunshade, the first
going to be some random, angry Italian clown named David Larribil. Larribil. Larribil?
Oh, we'll look forward to that. Uh, good to see you. How does that taste?
What? How does it taste? Good to see you, pal. Starting it off friendly, you forgot to
insult me. So instead, it's a, how about a friendly start to the crowd's going crazy
for our burgeoning friendship? There's no, there's nothing to go crazy for. You're being misled.
I despise this man. Stop applauding our friendship. It doesn't exist. Stop it. Please. I hate him.
They love us being best friends. We're not. Stop it. How do I get them to stop? Um,
picture Crumb's penis. Well, they're solemnly considering it. It's not necessarily a negative.
It's, and silence for probably months now, we're going to be out of cheers for a while.
Silence by awe. Yeah. Like, aw, that's cute. So little. See?
Like, I'll take a cute little penis. What did, consider what you just said on me.
What? Okay. Still consider what you're saying. I could, I'd be fine having,
as my own penis, a cute little penis because it's cute. It's not all about raw machismo.
If a, if a lady pulls down your pants, she's like, that's adorable. Wouldn't that be nice?
To raise? Well, it might get raised by my blood, but not too far if it's cute and little.
Just saying, you know, why waste all that blood having a big penis? You're going to have a cute little
one. Please stop saying the phrase cute little penis. It just, you do realize that sounds
insane and awful only because everybody's so obsessed with big penises. But like, sure,
am I cursed with kind of, well, I don't want to get into it. What? Man trying to claim he's
actually rocking some sauce down there. That's impossible. Well, look, I'm work. Wow. The
case really crushed that Pogo goal. I need to do that. The bait, which is better,
a small penis that works great or a big one that doesn't. Hmm. Big one is,
hmm. I mean, it must still work a little bit if it's big. No, in the, in the, in the, in the
phrasing, it doesn't. Well, I'm going to still have to take big, of course, of course. And I'll,
I'll take the cute little one. She didn't even say it's cute. They didn't even say it's cute.
Whoever requested that did not say it's cute. How big just fold it up in there.
Well, exactly that. You're making my arguments for me. If we don't have a mod that
minds making this extremely intelligent debate happen, we will launch into it. Just
know I'm on the side of big side of the angels. Angels like it big angels like it big. Angels love
it big. And of course wobble them around like a moose mouth. Promo over here loves this, loves the
small and sturdy. Well, of course, you know, it's a, there's a million ways to give and receive
pleasure. If even if you've got a little, you know, a little micro action, a cute little guy,
if it's still function so that you can achieve orgasm. There's, there's so many
ways you could provide your partner with the same pleasure, even if you're not walk, you know,
rocking the equipment to necessarily get there in a class of penetrative sense.
You know, scissor me timbers. There's, there's just so many options. If you have a completely
broken penis, you're being potentially denied the general genital pleasure that you could
receive from just having a nice functioning little guy. And you just don't, half of the
pleasure of having a penis is having it be big. You don't even need to use the thing. You just
take your pants down and stare lovingly at it. You know, every moment that you have alone,
sometimes you say at a restaurant, I got to go to the bathroom just so you can stand in the stall
and drape it over both your wrists and say, do I even need to eat a meal today? I got this thing.
It's like photosynthesis. I'm powered by my love of my giant penis. You'll never understand
the joy of this. I'd say 90% of having a big penis is not using it for sex. It's just knowing that
it's there and allowing that to be the very center of your masculine being. That's pathetic. What
you're describing is a pathetic narcissism. You're just essentially erotically obsessed,
solipsistically obsessed with your own unnecessarily large dangling,
broken monster. No, mine, of course, mine, of course, in this scenario works perfectly.
Just saying you take a pole of men and they say, you say, Ed, but it's huge or tiny and but works
perfectly. And I think if men weren't so fucking desperate to feel masculine, they would go with
the little guy that works. You know, would you? We had a little victory today, but I say it worked
really well. How did that big loss work for you for you, Munch? The wolves get it. The wolves get it.
The wolves in chat, they're scaring away all the prey animals because their penises are scraping
through the snow, creating trails that it's easy for the for the animals to notice and avoid.
And yet they cling to their giant wolf penises because they understand that's what it takes to
have standards in this country nowadays. Rawl, exactly. Rawl! It's an awfully little baby wolf
scream for your claims of giant fellish. It just, it was a low turnout election.
If more people had been here, they would have gone for it. Maybe actually the people to pull
about this would be the people who, you know, people who actually, I'm seeing the wave of
the partners of people with penises, people that actually are attracted to penises.
Maybe it should be a little less about our feelings about our penis and more what they'd
prefer. I'm guessing your average woman doesn't want just a fat limp shock stuffed into her. Jesus!
Stop describing sexy things. I was trying to be gross. Yeah, but what you described obviously
is really sexy because in that scenario the penis is big. You think just a, just a
shabby, limp, broken penis as long as it's big is still sexy. That's my whole argument.
You're kink shaming. Okay, I don't mean to kick. If your kink is specifically flaccid,
large penis, then I don't mean to. That is actually fine. But you are also kink shaming
little penises. You know, you didn't say it's a kink. We just said it's a little and it works.
It's preference. What's the difference between preference and kink? I don't know, but there is
and you're wrong. Why don't you just do a little editing? I'm pretty floppy.
J. Crumb, J. Crumb rolling. It should be J. Crumb rolling. I think Skymer, not to,
not to try to improve an insult used against me. No, J. K. Crumb rolling is more fun to say,
actually. You see what I did at the end of that? We were arguing. I think I nailed that out.
Exactly. Shut up, Crumb. That's what we should end on today. Shut up, Crumb. Yeah, the people love that.
They've turned against me. This specific audience. They believed in the power of friendship.
And now you've turned it. I just don't understand, audience. It's because you
asked them to picture your penis. Shut up, munch. That made them sad.
Made them happy. They flip sides again. What?
Audience, what do you, what do you like? I'll test this.
Bullwinkle doing self-suck. Such an easy crowd pleaser. I mean, we just saw the guy.
This audience likes that. Okay. Bullwinkle as a Supreme Court judge.
And they might just like Bullwinkle.
They might just like Bullwinkle, munch.
Space utopianism. No. Just doesn't seem like a realistic goal. Bullwinkle in space.
Okay. There we go. There we go. Let's end on that. All right. Whatever, man. Goddamn it.
I mean, I understand that people, obviously, I get why they're cheering. Bullwinkle in spaces.
That's a layup of excellence, but just saying maybe they're being a little,
being a little weird today. I mean, not that you're weird. Obviously, I'm a man of people, but
don't forget that the headline here is that I want you lost. You fully lost. Yeah, but we gotta go,
actually. So the headline here is we got to go. For once the headline is we got to go. Bye,
everybody. Bullwinkle in space. That's just a free idea for Big Hollywood to pick back up.
When is the last time a Bullwinkle movie came up? Bullwinkle, Wikipedia.
Bullwinkle, Jay Moose. Sometimes I forget that he has the same middle initial as Trump.
Oh my God. Maybe Bullwinkle is Trump. Wait, where's his filmography?
Where's the, what's the most recent Bullwinkle movie? It's Wikipedia's useless.
Don't put that on Bullwinkle. Yeah, you're right. That's not fair.
Bullwinkle media, media properties. Not going to give you anything? The Adventures of,
I can't find the last Bullwinkle thing. So it doesn't exist. Sorry, it just doesn't exist.
It's a, it's a false flag Bullwinkle. Let's just sit at the 50 greatest shows of all time though.
This is all about his personality. You recall some live action. Oh my God. Is there a live
action Bullwinkle? Oh yeah, the movie, the movie from 2000s. Yeah. Another debate. Okay,
well I had another debate then. Hey, it worked. Check it out. There's a little crumb down there to
let me know. Oh yeah. Well, I have to get your laundry in 10 minutes. I have to get your laundry
in 10 minutes. I'll do this and then quit and then quit. Okay, well this debate has to be a
little quicker. Let's send it out a bunch of crumb. They've been requested again. Rocky the Flying
Squirrel vs Rocky Balboa. That's, I think that's an important one. With former G4 guest, Kel Mitchell.
Okay, this has, this, this will go on the next, the next time we go see Trent, he needs to wash
this trailer. But for now I got to do this so that I can go grab laundry and then I can leave
for the weekend. Here's a bunch of crumb again. Fortunately, we turn over the audience every time
we do a new one of these. We just had a whole audience come in and a whole audience leave new
audience come in. So maybe these people can behave themselves and cheer at the appropriate stuff.
Just cut to a verse angle of me for some reason. Yeah, that was weird, but I'm here.
I'm still here. And I would just like to say
Bowwinkel eating Rocky Road ice cream. That's, I was thinking they might go crazy for that.
They were already cheering so they got confused. How about this? Kate Middleton as a fighter pilot.
All right, they like that. That's an easy one though. I mean,
even if you're not a Kate Middleton fan, you're like, well, how would she be as a
fighter pilot? It's a fair question. I don't often agree with you, but I find that interesting.
I was expecting those. So I am confused. Well, we don't have a lot of time here. We got a debate.
Rocky the Flying Squirrel versus Rocky Balboa. Hmm. Like a pure physical contest?
It's not entirely clear. If you want it to be like an actual physical match up big J-dub,
we can go that direction with it. And that is what I'm thinking.
However, under that criteria, I do have to say, I think the squirrel takes it. Who's the best Rocky?
Oh, who's the best Rocky? I'll still go with the squirrel. Really? I mean, I'm not,
I have nothing against Rocky the Flying Squirrel, but I would say Rocky Balboa is
the more demonstrably impactful cultural figure. And you're just underestimating the influence
of Rocky the Flying Squirrel. Unsurprising. Unsurprising, because, you know, you always
mis-underestimate the underdog. What? You just hate underdogs, but me and the wolves, we love underdogs.
Don't wolves are predators. Wouldn't the prey animal, they eat squirrels. No, the wolves,
if the squirrel's an underdog, then we're on its side. Actually, nature is against the wolves. It's
easier to eat fucking grass and shit. So the wolves are actually the underdogs. That's why they relate
to underdog squirrels. Not underdog the cartoon, although they relate to that as well, because
it's underdog. You're losing sight of what we're even talking about. Look, Rocky Balboa,
I, Rocky the Squirrel is fine, but Rocky Balboa is a completely classic film. It defined the
career debatably or at least set it off of one of the most famous action stars of all time.
Rocky and Bullwinkle is a flagging cartoon property that has an acceptable but off, ultimately,
let's face it, not terribly large contemporary following, whereas Rocky movies are still continuing
to be put out every year. Even creating spin-off, successful spin-off, Creed, an excellent series
of films, in my opinion, starring Michael B. Jordan and another huge actor. It's the gift that
keeps on giving the story of just, you know, of any man can potentially, any man, Rocky's like
fucking Swalby's big. The real story here is any squirrel that can talk and wear glasses can be
anything they want. They can be friends with the fucking moose, even though mooses are like
from San Francisco and shit where there aren't flying squirrels by the power of perseverance.
Even a squirrel can like, I don't know, kill international spies, have a big, tall fucking
best friend, can fucking land the baddest chick around like some Russian model.
Rocky does not land the Russian model. There's never a romance between Rocky
and the Russian lady. No, there is. It's one of the later seasons, but she leaves her husband.
It's a really sordid and tawdry event in the series because like,
there's a lot of cucking to it as well. It's really dark and fucking, really Rocky?
Just making up Rocky and Bowling, but you can't make up this.
I'm having a little one that works right now.
See, you can say I have a small penis. I don't care if my penis is smaller big. I'm
comfortable with myself, bud. That's what you don't get. This is what a comfortable man looks like.
For the record, I love squirrels. I just do think Rocky's the more, you know, influential rock.
I've been working on my shoulder rolls. I do some meditation in the morning.
And shoulder rolls actually are a great way to loosen up to meditate. You can do this if you want.
It's a really great way to relax in the morning. You wake up, you do a big yawn.
Then I want you to get on the bed and stretch your fingers.
You love another big yawn while you do that. And then you get into your shoulder rolls.
You let all the stress out of your body.
Wow. That's all you got to do in the morning. That's all you got to do in the morning.
You weren't stuck into a Stallone party, wound up smoking a cigar with sly.
See, that's why Live in Sleazy is the best Rocky. Live in Sleazy is Live in Sleazy.
They're unrelated to Rocky. Nobody met a Rocky, obtained his powers, and now is the best Rocky.
I mean, that is a pretty cool story. But it's just Live in Sleazy is not a Rocky.
We're not getting into this. Live in Sleazy is the best Rocky.
It's a feel good for everybody. Give me three points. You can't just appeal to a mod and say,
give me three points. I'm the one with the points button. Thankfully, I press the points
button. You can't be trusted with that. You will give yourself a million points.
It's crazy that I did not think to put that in my contract. I got everything I wanted,
but I forgot that it's a points based game because I just know that I win no matter what.
So I guess it just never crossed my mind. But it wasn't oversight now that I think about it.
Not that I made a mistake, but I will admit it when I make a mistake. Not that I've ever made a
mistake, but of course I'm willing to admit my mistakes and be the bigger man, which I am
being, but I've never made a mistake. Okay, well, look, we got to go. Okay, she got don't
turn that far to the side. I just don't like seeing your jowls. Okay.
Out of respect for the people don't turn that far to the side. They like it when I turn this far
to the side. Gee, I don't get the crowds today. I just don't get you today crowds. Fine, whatever.
There's the wolves aren't in chat or something. That's just how it goes sometimes.
We'll be back on Monday to do call in shows or something. Maybe I'll call in. Maybe I'll
call. Maybe I'll own all the phone. I don't. Good weekend.
It was just a little, what the frick? There we go. The stream is
doing some interesting things today. From what the hell are you doing in Pepito's spot?
I just sometimes I like to come over here and look at the nabs. I mean,
Pepito walks away all the time. You do realize that, right? Yeah, he's not in
the producer's chair probably for about 75% of the stream. But you know, it still works
somehow. It's oftentimes I come over here and I press buttons. Just so you know. No, I see you over there.
I just, you see me? So you see me waving? I do see you waving. I just, I'm doing the show.
Oh, me imitate Pepito. Hey, Pepito. I've got dog ears and they can't hear and they hear
different things than humans. I Pepito, I've got dog ears. That's not,
that's not what he says. He says I'm a dog. Can I do the raid today? How about I wrap a shot of
here? Oh my God. Okay. What? It may sound like you're gonna say no. Okay, let me find a,
let me find a sick beat, sick trap beat. And I'll, uh,
this is a merc type beat. Okay, who should we raid? I take it back. I don't want you to wrap,
but the beach already going. I just want you to just talk over the beach. Yeah, I forbid you from
rapping. It's more confusing if anything code Mika. You could raid code Miko.
That's not what we could raid. I like code Miko.
She's, you're trying to wrap, aren't you? No. I don't know. Am I trying to wrap?
Slow. Let me see who's on. Hey, will you let me put on the beat? You're behind the producers.
Yeah, I can't stop you. We're gonna raid, uh, Dick's house. So some call me Johnny.
Is that someone I've read it before? Some call me Johnny. I don't know if I'm familiar with some
call me Johnny. Though every time I say that, I worried it's someone I've met multiple times.
Show you multiple times. I'm remembering them would probably be a crime. Okay, I'm just gonna
do the outro myself. It was a mistake. It was a mistake to say you could do this.
We're gonna raid, uh, raid tanks on us. Wrapping crumb, wrapping crumb, wrapping
crumb. They want to hear me rapping because although I boys are fapping, they never stop
and they are not napping ffffffff because they got my back. They sometimes check, check, check,
check, check, check. Why do you always rap about masturbation crumb? Because on the flow, I feel
that self pleasure. I kill these rhymes easily, meaning I've been blowing at leisure hopping off.
Oh, did rapist. Yeah, okay. Well, thanks for hanging out. It was a quick one today.
Um, crumb just, I do whatever you want. I don't care. Okay, skull meat with the meat.
Pounding off in the chat. That's a treat. I got a trick for you.
Goo. Pop, pop, pop, pop. I'm fapping off too. That was Citrix dad I'm talking about.
I'm livin' sleazy so don't have no doubt. I'm livin' sleazy.
And my palms are gettin' greasy because my hand game keeps me always so pleased me.
Bundle sprout. I'll sprout. My nuts off have no doubt. Jesus, why do you like rapping
about jerking off so much? It's an unexplored genre of rap. Not enough people rap about
fapping and it rhymes with rap. Hand game dog, get on it. Ball game. Hand game.
Kickling your balls. That's my kind of ball game. See ya, Lames. I don't think you're Lame.
I don't know. The raid happened as I said, Lames. If anybody's still here,
just know that that was a mistake. It's freestyle. I should have said, see you.
Game and then changers. You're gonna get canceled crumb. You're saying Lames?
Insulting my audience. They saw it. It's a secret stream. This is where we have fun.
Now I gotta go. Okay, well, just I apologize. I really apologize. I'm so sorry, everyone.
I'm so sorry, and I will do better. I will do better. And I will be popping off that batter.
There's a fap like the mad hatter.
Crumb, stop talking about jer-