I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live!
And I'm my dog."
Living says he said, he cheered your paw, Jio, need you to juice his bones and milfish
and Prosrait and I need your Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Jusus.
Six five four three two one
Oh everybody, what's that? Oh
This that's probably good for what's that?
The mysterious tears in reality that you find in your average news station that you don't see till you're alive one second
fix it
Hello
There we go now my studio is back to totally back to normal the fish tie needs its own emote it could happen
It could happen. I know this tie
Even though I was pretty anti tie because it's another thing I have to put on
Now I'm kind of pro-tie. I've been one over
You did it chat. You changed me
You've changed me the fish tie needs to go. Oh
No, Cytrix is introduced out into this equation
As far as I can tell chat is split as long as one person is split chat is split
You actually can catch the stream this time. Mr. Secret stream
He's sorry about that. It was in
Your defense a secret the duality of man may be
There we go. I know I'm more centered
Now my reality is back to being centered. I think I'm too used to it already once I do something for more than a week
I'm committed. Is that how commitment works doing a thing for a week?
That's kind of how commitment tends to work for me. Oh
baby
Good to see everybody a debate
Could it be fish tie yay or nay from Cytrix the introducer of doubt themselves?
All right, we'll get into that
Good to see everyone though geek geek a castick
Alive and sleazy the master mod CV loves you so breach of the master mod as well also in the chat tea latte
Are you streaming right now is Christine streaming?
If you are streaming later
Then my raid target has been engaged
prepare for raiding in a bit
After my extensive up to two hour stream
Good as you all s1000 Apple DApple a skull meat good to see you skull meat
Team fish tie we're gonna find out we could start with a debate
Low tier Tyler 28 months
Yeah, yeah, I'm watching I do appreciate it. I do appreciate it a lot tastes I
Don't know if I should call you Christine or if I should call you by your screen name
What I'm on
When I'm on Twitch, I don't know a Matt Liddell tie
I might have to open a PO box just so people can send me weird ties because
Kind of wonder what that even means a Matt Liddell tie would it be like a little Matt Liddell a full-body Matt Liddell just as a tie?
Oh my god. Oh
baby
You know turn this down just a little bit while the hype train. I'm assuming pulls in
I have a new segment that I've been making graphics for as usual totally unnecessarily
Where because we occasionally make songs here on the stream that aren't
Sort of singing while reading the news we make our own songs. I'm making a studio for us to record
complex tracks in
This song just reminded me of that so that should be done soon also
Really quick. I should turn off this exclamation point idea thing possibly
You know what actually take it back
Because I might need more ideas at some point but for those of you don't know I did the secret stream where I pulled five ideas out of the hat
Just to run down those ideas for a forthcoming YouTube series
But forthcoming eventually it's gonna take a minute
to
Do it as conceived we'll get to thinking all of you insane bit slammers and subs in just a second
But in case anyone's wondering the ideas we ended up pulling out of the hat
If you submitted any ideas for the last three more recipes for your dog this weekend trends male whale tail
Do drugs that's the first three ideas die eggs in toilet. That's the fourth idea and of course my favorite idea
cats
The last idea was cats. I do feel like that's a good one. Okay
I
Train
You always ask but you don't sense me you don't sense my incredible power
I am in fact
And there's people to think the bears coming goes they please I
Know
I vote do drugs with cats. I can't combine my only rule is I have to
Do the idea that I pull?
Whatever that means. What does that mean? It means I have to
At least honor the idea as written and the idea has written is cats
We need a cat expert to explain what all the cat is about
All right, I plan we'll get to actually know we need to thank people. Yeah, stop not thanking people
It's my main thing is that I do
I don't my main idea is I so I returned from hell through the power of height
I'm familiar with your Lord. Are you though? Because it's extensive
But one of the things I do when I emerge from hell is I think that people who have propelled me back into existence
Give me a beat what beat should I thank people to I'm asking not you case but chat
I was never assuming you're asking me
You could just thank people incorrect
Incorrect case
Honor the hype worshipers
Are my comments not working a
Bolo tie would be interesting
Let's see officials in a definition of a Bolo tie a Mario Kart trap beat a doom song because hype train is from hell
Okay, doom
trap beat
But like the game doom
Doom well cuz giving me doom game trap
Do maternal official trap remix
Doom 64 theme song
Is this what we need and we don't need that
Let's me looking up the official definition of habeas corpus
So then I'm on top of things
Something for some reason made me think do I have the right definition of this turns out closer than some people
Okay get DMC eight is this a famous doom song
That's not doing it for me. Let's try this doom eternal trap remix
Maybe I just don't know what the famous doom songs are
It's a doom song
All of these YouTube trap beats have like 45 minutes of preamble
What is that all about? It's about taking your time
While you're getting that slide
Down in the hype train in the back, you know, we all jug in that ground. Let's go
Oh
28 months
That's wow, that's powerful rhyming. Yeah, it's these are motivational beautiful rhymes. Okay
Can you keep going there's not that many there's two there's so many
infinite amounts of people to think because they love the high train
Months is what we are at
But we got uncle feel too came, you know, they're not satisfied with that. They're dropping hundred bits
All from the back like the doom god the wrong the attack skymer
Making me go bird got a hundred bits coming into what about bird we got apple devil
Still addicted to snapper never taking that doom god crap
But they got worship shadow with our worship shadows with five community subs. I'm not mad. Yo mad. Yo mad
Mad than Rachel Maddo
I'm see a man. I'm unblasted my friends. I might be out a hundred bits. You know, we're never if we got low
Tears, Tyler with another get to some
There's so busy showing me love that we got jesley with the 24 months car came to me and he's something
Don't fuck it up in two for me to you that's community something you know that I do
love that
Just like I love when I get fucking chatting in the back
Fucking up chatting in the back
Everybody's on the attack. We got doom god with the hot fucking score
High train and i'm about to drop some more. I know the doom god
Rebecca the day we both was the hell as you might say and when he met me there
I gave him a ride. I said doom god come on inside and inside me
Inside the hype train he pulled up guns and he was going insane like black black
He was shooting it up every boy that I thought was fucked
I was like damn dude take it easy while you're inside. He's like i'm the doom guy and I never fucking hide any shot
Masters in the tree
Splashing up our guts and I was feeling the pain. I'm like doom god. This has to be your stop
It's like a doom guy and I will never stop. He's starting to fucking drill in deep into my train sides train sides
Our trained insides. He was fucking drilling in with his guns. He pulled out a minigun like
What?
He was fucking digging a hole inside me with a minigun
And you know what he found deep inside my dark heart train core?
No, I don't
He found level five hype
Okay
Pretty crazy how that all went down, right?
I guess also convenient that so many of it was stuff that rhymed. Yep crazy how my life is man
You are the one who made me reach level five
Either yeah, my voice goes all over the place
Sometimes people forget that I can also talk like this
Like but Pito no like a higher-pitched hype train
Give me another fucking beat
So much hype coming in today. What's going on? Take the sonic quiz case. I forgot about the sonic quiz
That's true the hype will not be tonight. I am so fucking alive today. Oh my god. I feel so alive
Like I read a million self-help books and they said
Shut up
That's a
It's lotion. Yeah, but you know that line
Do not go in there
One of the movies we get in hell is basement to our pet detective want me to wrap about that. No, I'm good
You're not even thanking these people for keeping you alive
Shaggy, I don't know if I said it enough, but I appreciate it
It's 24 seven
I can't hear you if you talk that I okay, you're gonna whine about it, then I'll talk really low. I guess
What the frick what the frick man?
Okay, you're at level six. Congrats. Take the sonic quiz or I will
Why don't you take the sonic quiz hype train? Okay, then I'm coming over
Coming over to the desk
Hype train reality bending powers engaged
That was easy. Oh my gosh. You're so purple. Yep. That's how it is
Look at me. Oh
I shrunk down to a normal human size. Oh, bring me a sonic quiz
Is it gonna be about feet again? Um the sonic quiz?
I don't know. I've I haven't taken a sonic quiz yet. Let me just make sure
This isn't one of those websites that when I oh, this was something submitted a little bit ago
Uh, I believe
And where was this submitted?
There was a sonic quiz I think submitted in the news thread, but no
I'm not sure if I can even find it. Did I hallucinate that?
Did I hallucinate a sonic quiz?
Hmm
Maybe I did
Um, you submitted it. It was featured on the cream team discord
Oh, okay. Wait, let me just search sonic on the cream team discord. I bet that'll only have one result or two
Oh my god, there's so much sonic sonic syndrome test
Okay
Do you even really exist? No one has met me
I could just be I don't know. I could be like an elaborate snapchat filter and I could be the real one
Sure
Okay, how does this work?
All right, here's sonic syndrome test. Oh my god. Oh
Don't do my voice
What's up jack?
Tasty coins and I've been dying to say this level seven
Calling the shot
That's crazy. We rarely hit level seven or
We rarely hit level 25 case
But it's not impossible
It's not
Impossible
No
No, it it's that's far too high. We accidentally said it way too high
You didn't say anything. It's a secret
It's a secret release fail that nobody knows about but me. Okay. Well fair enough. Are you gonna take this sonic quiz or not? Yeah
Yes
Okay, look the my swirling um aura of power is making it a little hard to read
So just uh, no that that's there's nothing I can do about that
But I'll read it for you
Speed into the vibrant world of sonic the hedgehog and discover which character struggles resonate with your own
Inspired by Shay Gordon et al's research that led to the poo pathology test
This quiz maps your traits to seven iconic
sonic universe figures through 35 questions hit me with that sonic music case
Okay, um
Sonic hedgehog
Game music
Oh, it gave me trap beats because that's the day that I've trained it
You're gonna turn it down though. Okay. Here you go hype train
You're all set up. You just have to survive long enough to finish this quiz. Can you do it?
I can do anything if we believe in the power of
whichever sonic character I end up being
Okay, I worry about messing up even when I'm prepared
um
Disagree I'm the hype train
I second guess my ability to split my excess disagree on the hype train
I feel detached from others like I don't belong disagree on my brain
I feel lost without someone to guide or support me
Disagree on the hype train all I need is hype
I take bold risks off of my genius agree on the hype train
I act on impulses even when I know I should think first hard agree. Can I break the meter?
Can I smash this beyond agree?
It doesn't really sound like a positive thing hype train. It's amazing because I'm doing it
Oh, I overthink every step before I think it that sounds like a case thing. I'm a fucking hype train disagree
I get distracted easily jumping from one thing to another disagree. I'm focused up on height
That one that you're you don't know yourself hype train. I've never been distracted even once
I stick to my rules routines. No exception disagree just getting hard agree on the hype train
I live by a code
What's the code?
I
Hight
That's not a code. It's a cool. It's a code
the
Can I cannot
Can I not it can I don't go code
Show your credit card code case
He's telling me you won't okay. We gotta focus up. I could die at any second
I focus on goals not feelings or relationships hard agree. I don't need nobody
I come off as cold even when I don't mean to I'm always ice cold and cool as shit hard agree
I do anything to keep someone I love close to me
Disagree fucking dare how dare you not love me for even a second get out of here
I cling to relationships even when they're tough hard agree. I don't fake ass friend
I can relax when something feels uncertain disagree
I never relax
never
I love the thrill of taking risks without a plan hard agree. I so I'm so used to it
It's not even a thrill. I see myself as destined for greatness
Disagree. I'm already great. Boom
I feel like I need to fix everyone's problems. Fuck your problems. I'm the goddamn hype train
I need to prove I'm smarter than everyone else
I have a little bit insecure about how smart I am
Really?
Just fucking kidding. I'm smarter than ever. Do you see how that music inspired everyone?
To keep me alive forever. You're just lying to us hype train
That's one of the things that empowers me is lies. I don't need to prove I'm smarter than anyone else because I'm so fucking smart
Where's my where's my sonic music case? I'm gonna find myself some
Sonic songs trap remix
Go
I don't handle criticism. Well, it stinks too much. Fuck your criticism. Oh wait. No, I do handle
I'm good at stuff is my point. I prefer being alone over dealing with others agree
I'm alone wolf
Howling at the moon if I could look up that high
But due to being a train my neck is extremely stiff
I crave admiration for my ideas and achieve that's hard to agree. Oh wait shoot
I mean that I don't need other people's approval. I think you're being honest. They're hype train accidentally. No, I don't need
Hype is an approval. Hype is different than approval. It's not approval
I think it's you're desperate for approval technically more than anyone. It's what keeps you alive. No hype is different than that
It was a mistake
Back. Okay, let's keep going forward. I feel uneasy if things aren't done the right way hard agree. Oh wait. I meant I don't agree
I'm chill as hell
Hype train. You're just being honest and that's okay. I've never been honest for a second
How dare you I struggle to focus on slow boring tasks
I agree. Look at me talking the case. It's hard. I wanted my memories. I can't let go of oh my god more than you could even count
I fear being abandoned and left behind hard agree. I mean I don't
my feelings
Are fluid
I thought your feelings were smoke. There's some fluid that that my engine needs as well
I take my responsibilities more seriously than most now
I struggled to trust even when I want to
Ha ha ha who knows I do I do
I keep my guard up to avoid getting hurt again. I mean who doesn't maintain a wall
of constant vigilance against their own feelings case
Because you don't ever want to be hurt
geez hype train this
test is really getting to you
Oh
Okay, you only have six questions left and you only have two minutes before you're dead
Duty matters to me more than fun or relaxation. Ah, man. I'm who was hailing chill
I can't let go of a task until it's
I don't care about Fraser connection to disagree. I'm gonna agree. Fuck emotions feel distant or irrelevant to me
Hard to agree that I don't I love emotions. No
Oh case the test
just
Take your time man. If you want to lie try harder. I refuse to try
I get tense or angry when something triggers me. Yeah, right. Oh, why am I agreeing? No
I put others needs before my own. Of course. I never did that. What's oh shoot. Okay. This is the last question
I can't sit still. I need to keep moving or doing something
I'm a train. That's not my fault
But obviously I agree with that
Oh my god
I got the coolest results possible. I'm mostly all the cool characters
Fucking metal sonic shadow sonic and knuckles are my primary shades of character
Are you fucking kidding me? I aced that shit
Shadow is PTSD
Sonic is 80 HD
Metal sonic is schizophrenia and knuckles is ocpd. I don't think you want these
I'm all I'm hearing is that I'm shadow the hedgehog mostly
I'm like an incredible mix between shadow and sonic
I'm essentially the coolest thing ever to exist case
You have zero anxiety somehow
How did you get zero anxiety with those psychotic answers?
I told you the whole time I told you I was cool as hell
And look I'm constantly smoked up, dude. You know I'm chill man. Yeah, you know, man
You got some dependency too though
There's a little bit of Amy Rosen you to be fair. I got everything but
Oh
Oh man, Jesus you briefly tried to get back from hell there
True blue 91ers. Thank you so much for the six months
Dilemma. Thank you again for the 10 community subs. That's crazy guys. Thanks for keeping the hype train long
Literally long enough for the exact right amount of time
for him to finish
This bizarre asonic syndrome test
Do I dare speed run it myself?
And see what I get
Uh kamikajan. Thank you so much for the follow
All right, fine
I gotta go quick
I gotta go fast. Give me this sonic hero's official trap remix
Oh, I can't find the the test
Take this test again. All right. Here we go
I'm gonna really not
Oh ham taro news
Uh, you know
I got distracted by making a couple other things
I guess we'll just do a ham taro stream minus a bunch of crazy assets
We just have to talk to hamsters all stream long probably so
We'll just do that next week. We'll do one of the streams next week. We'll talk. We'll only talk to hamsters all the time
And maybe we'll watch a ham taro thing a history of ham taro
Because that one's a pretty old request that I never got done
um, okay
I come off as cold even if I don't mean to uh most of the time
I don't think I do I focus on goals not feelings or relationships
I think I focus fairly hard on most. I'm gonna put myself in the middle
I feel like I need to fix everyone else's problems
Uh, only if I'm very close to you, so I'll say a little bit of grief. I love the thrill of taking risks without a plan
I do I do I do tend to plan very little that's gotta be fair. I guess
um
Do any matters to me more than fun or relaxation? Definitely not
I struggle to focus on slow boring tasks. I'm really all over the place on this one
I have an extremely low attention span, but occasionally I'll spend hours on incredibly slow and boring tasks
um
So I guess I'm in the middle. I don't handle criticism. Well, it stinks too much
I think I'm actually fine with criticism, but no one is that good at criticism
So I'll only put it up one
I feel uneasy if things aren't done the right way a little bit for sure
I see myself destined for greatness. No, uh, I cling to relationships even when they're tough
Uh, yes, I have done that a several times. I refer being alone over dealing with others
It kind of in the middle there. I definitely need some alone time
But I also have almost always had a partner in my adult life
So I get tense or angry when someone triggers me. I don't think so
I should play hamtaro ham hams unite
Okay, that's an option for sure
I stick to my uh, thank you so much reverie wolf 31 months
And we're about to know exactly what type of person I am in in just uh
22 more questions. I stick to my rules and routines. No exceptions. Definitely not
I overthink every step before I take it. Definitely don't I put others needs before my own
And I'm in the middle there I'd say I get distracted easily jumping from one thing to another. Definitely. Yes
I act on impulses even want to know I should think first
I think I actually disagree slightly. I don't really
Freak out on people which I would consider the most impulsive behavior
Uh, I feel lost without someone to guide or support me. No
I take bold risk to show up my genius
I probably take risks some of which are bold, but I just don't think I could qualify that as showing off my genius
So I'm gonna go a little bit disagree there. I feel detached from others like I don't belong
um
No, I don't I don't really think I feel that way. Uh, I take responsibility. I take my responsibilities more seriously than most
Uh, no, I don't think I do I second guess my abilities despite my excess. Definitely. I do that sometimes
I'll do anything to keep someone I love close to me. I'm in the middle there. I don't care about praise or connection
Disagree. I need I need to be told I'm a good boy for sure. I'm haunted by my memories. I can't let go of
Honestly, my life's been too easy
Uh to really hard agree with that, but I'll go with a soft degree. I think our past follows us everywhere
Everybody I fear being abandoned or left behind. Um, I don't think more than most will go in the middle there
Uh, I can't still sit still. I need to keep moving or doing something. I definitely disagree. Um, if left to my own devices
I might sit still very pleasantly for quite a long time
I keep my guard up to avoid getting hurt again. I get hurt all the time
I struggle to trust even when I want to now. I'm probably overly trusting emotions feel distant or relevant to me
Uh, I'm probably the
Disagreed of in the middle there. I think I'm a little got a little bit of the lower
Emotional resting temperature than some but I don't think I'm emotionless. I can't relax when something feels uncertain
um
I'll a little bit agree. It depends on the thing though
Um, I can't let go of a task until it's perfect. Definitely not true anymore. That used to be more true
I need to prove I'm smarter than everyone else
Um, probably only a little bit agree. I think I can be a little bit of a know-it-all
I crave admiration for my ideas and achievements
Um, I think everybody does a little bit, but I don't think I'm crazy about it
I worry about messing up even when I'm prepared. No, I don't really worry about that
Oh my god
I'm so much more stable than the hype train, but I'm so much less shadow the hedgehog
Oh, I got dr. Eggman. I'm 50% eggman
55 sonic
But also 50% Amy Rose
So that's kind of sexy. I'm just saying I'm a little bit schizoid. I'm I'm somewhat anxious. That's true
Wait, what is ocp obsessive compulsive disorder?
I guess I don't have that probably
Hmm. I feel like if you watch enough of this stream, you could accuse me of any of these
Maybe maybe other than ptsd unless you watch me on g4
Uh, okay. Well, that's that. That's a sub goal that we
Finally did after getting 560 of it
What a day. Wow, look at this video actually
Shout us to trap music now
For showing us how you put the work in
Okay
I have to do it five times
But I guess that could make five different people take it
We'll have a Kendall take it if she makes it home in time
OCPD is personality disorder. So you're born with it ocd can be acquired
um
Wait, what does ocpd stand for so?
Because I should probably actually know so it is obsessive compulsive personality disorder, but you have to be born with it
I'm really I'm not up on my um
The distinctions for
Personality disorder uh acronyms, unfortunately
ocp runs the cops. That's true. That's a different that's a social disorder that afflicts the whole city actually
Ocean city police department. Wasn't there a thing in sonic called ocean city? Isn't that the one in sonic adventure?
Another thing I wish I knew that I just don't
We didn't get a comment in there donkey kong trap beat uncle phil 2k
We'll do that before the end of the stream. We'll hit you with a donkey kong trap beat
Um
We'll just find a place to work it in
For now though, uh, let's do a little bit of news before we do a debate and all this other stuff that we have to do
I'm gonna actually go ahead and disable segments for now because I might not be able to do
all of these
But let me know if there's something you're dying to see
Uh, and we'll try to do it. But for now, let's get to the news
It's still your design
Don't let them take it from you
All right
Gotta start the week off right
Discounting the rest of the stuff that's already happened on this stream
It's time to restore a little bit of rationality to your world
Courtesy of the power of a professional newsman. I am of course jeff ripple case
So professional today always professional every day
Always fresh
Always feisty jeff ripple
I did a l'oreal style commercial for myself actually in the 90s. Can I see it? No, it was deleted
Because it apparently featured too much
Of my body
Okay, um, what's going on jeff? Well, what's going on is
Uh
What do words even mean anymore case?
Heart of the problem. Are you what's the problem? Well, I don't know because definitions
Seem to be more fluid than I remember
Okay
Abyus corpus everybody's talking about it. They are every single person
Well, I guess a lot of people aren't but maybe they should be they probably should be given
That they seem to want to eliminate it the executive branch that is
Well, but what have I told you I don't even know what it means anymore. Well, that would be your come
Well, you're the one googling it before the stream to make sure I was right. Well
I'm just saying a lot of people didn't know and everybody's hopping on to hating a particular person who didn't know
But let's see how little they knew for ourselves
It's muted case
Unmute your tabs you fool. Okay, here we go back at it
Um secretary gnome
The white house deputy chief of staff recently said that the trump administration is actively looking at suspending
habeas corpus last week you were asked about this and I want to clarify your position because it's
Obviously really important to get this right. So secretary gnome. What is habeas corpus? Okay
Well, habeas corpus is a constitutional right that the president has to be able to remove people from this country
So here's the point of contention. Some people are arguing
It's kind of the opposite of that
Uh, yeah. Yeah, I mean if you tried to get it wrong in the totally opposite direction of what it traditionally means
I think she nailed that
Challenge no one gave her
Okay, well, let's just let's hear it out one more time. Let's see which maybe she covers herself
Well, habeas corpus is a constitutional right that the president has to be able to remove people from this country
And their right. Let me let me stop man. That's been there. Hey, this corpus. Excuse me. That's that's incorrect president
I can use it
Excuse me
Hey, bs corpus is the legal principle that requires that the government provide a public reason
For detaining and imprisoning people if not for that protection the government could simply arrest
That also feels like not the best definition to me
It's closer
My understanding of habeas corpus is it's the right
To a defense against being illegally detained
Or just being detained like you are owed a day in court
But maybe i'm wrong
Let's double check how wrong case is it's due process
Which of course is I think what I just said. All right, I'm getting the full definition here from
corpse.ai.bottom no no just don't use the ai overview. Don't use wikipedia
Let's go straight to constitution.congress.gov
What that's the most boring place to get it from case
Doesn't mean anything right now though. Oh look a men's shirt for sale focus Jeff. Okay
Okay, the privilege
Suspension clause for and writ of habeas corpus. This is the suspension clause
The privilege of writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless when in case of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it
Well, that's when you can get rid of it
But i'm learning that no one knows what it is people know what it is Jeff
Okay, oh weak auction trump south effort focus
It's latin meaning you have the body a writ of habeas corpus generally is a judicial order
Forcing law enforcement authorities to produce a prisoner. They are holding to produce and to justify the prisoners continued confinement
federal judges judges receive petitions for a writ of habeas corpus from a state prison inmate
Who say their state prosecutions violated federally protected rights in some way
That is more confusing of a definition than I was expecting
I just my understanding of it traditionally is exactly what chat saying it means due process
And reading that I am like is it specifically like you are owed a day in court
This is the kind of thing though. I would know if I was going in front of a
Senate hearing committee
Or if you were streaming about it on twitch apparently not
Uh s s 1000 says habeas corpus is a fundamental legal right that safeguards against unlawful detention
It is a legal procedure where a court can order the custodian of a prisoner
To bring the prisoner before the court to determine if the detention is lawful. Well, there you go
That's a better definition than the one at us course dot gov. That is a lot clearer honestly
So it is it is what I thought
Her definition so here's my issue with this senate hearing a one person is just straight up lying and being insane
Or being so stupid that they just legitimately had no
Basic understanding even beyond my stupidity of what it is. Okay. That's a pretty big insult you're living against her
Uh, but then when the senator tries to correct her though, she does give a more accurate definition
She kind of
Leaves tons of wiggle room essentially by just saying you need to justify
The detention which granted is what you need to do
I guess I just mean it's a weird clip because you have this idiot who's saying completely the wrong thing
And then she won't let her just continue to be stupid in front of in front of everybody
She's like well, but let me get the correct definition in
Well, isn't it important to be accurate? I mean clearly not
Clearly it is all a game of optics
And I'm just saying maybe you just let her be fucking stupid for a while before you chime in with
You're slightly confusing definition
There is the heritage foundation interpretation that they are going to try to pedal is that interpretation just it means you can arrest anyone
If if you add two s's to habeas, he'd be a s and that's the definition they're going with
Just be vague and pretend to be fair
Kristi noam wasn't really being vague. What can we just get an exact quote here?
I need to get this mounted on my wall
On my news wall of famous quotes
Verify your position because it's obviously really important to get this right. So secretary noam. What is habeas corpus?
Well, habeas corpus is a constitutional right that the president has to be able to remove people from this country
So it's the right
Our definition is it's a constitutional right that the president has to remove people from this country
Yeah, I think the liven sleazy's point that is the definition they want
I've seen some people talking about like how much of this is Kristi noam being a complete fucking idiot and how much of it is
her peddling
The desires of the administration and you know, I think as with a lot of things
Yes, both. Yeah, I think it's probably both
So anyway, that's troubling
Well in better news
Better uh question mark incoming. Okay. Well, look international diplomacy is important at this troubling time in our national history
And especially when words like white genocide are getting thrown around by people you mean by the president
Sometimes people includes the president
throwing the word right white genocide around
at
dignitaries from south africa
Sometimes it does include that unfortunately
White genocide, but you're white
Well, I tell you not to panic, but I am saying the term white genocide
And I think it's meant to make you panic. You don't need to panic. Hmm. Okay
But there's two sides to every story case. Sometimes there's more than two what?
Oh my god, how many sides am I supposed to know?
What's going on with south africa and trump and whatever?
Uh, let's just
Let's take it one step at a time. Jeff, but we never do that
Okay. Well, look as seen here
A beautiful handshake a beautiful perfect handshake from our powerful president as trump confront south africa's uh ramo fossa
Am I ramafosa?
I should look this up before we start talking about it
In fact, I will how to pronounce
Ramafosa
Uh
It is actually
Oh, I can play it play it ramafosa ramafosa
Saving us from ourselves case doing something useful for once today's top story. It's we're too late in for it to be the top story
The grunch is gray. He'll count
The graze will count. I don't
Stop spreading
False information, but we're but it's so fun
South africa's ah shoot. I already forgot ramufosa. I got we got to do it one more time
This time I'm locking it in ramafosa ramafosa south, uh
Trump confronts south africa's ramafosa with false claims of white genocide
Uh, the president donald trump confronted south african president syril ramafosa on wednesday with explosive false claims of white genocide
And land seizures during tense white house meetings that was reminiscent of his february ambush of ukrainian leader
latimer zelensky south africa has been one of the highest murder has one of the highest murder rates in the world
But the overwhelming majority of victims are
Will just say not white
black
yes
Well, you know, it's that's unpleasant to say but yes, uh, the writer's tariff watch newsletter is your daily stop reading the whole thing
Ramafosa had hoped to use wednesday's meeting to reset his country's relationship with the us after trump canceled a much needed aid to south africa
Offered refugees status to white minority africaners and expelled the country's ambassadors and criticized
Its genocide court case against israel
So he's saying that's not a genocide the is the one that's happening. Yes. He says the genocide that's not how that
He says the genocide that is happening
In palestine is not a genocide. Okay, and he says the genocide that's a thousand percent not happening a white genocide
is a genocide
Wait a minute
I just realized
They're just doing an opposite day
Now it makes sense. What do you mean the whole administration is just doing an opposite day
Kids do it all the time
We just got to call him out on it. We got to say hey, it's not opposite day and I think they'll stop
Go ahead and try that jaff. I'll write them an email. I'll do it right after this
Thanks. Happy to help
Let's see if we can find
A video of this trump
And of course ramafosa
meeting
Is it another like 45 minute? Oh god, it's an hour and 50 minutes long
Maybe there's a highlights version. Okay, the telegraph has our back
With hopefully this version that condenses it down
And cuts out the extended diatribes of trump rambling. That is most of the meeting probably
Should we watch all hundred?
Hour 50 minutes and find out. I think let's just watch this clip
Oh goody a clip of this
We have thousands of stories talking about it. Sure. We have
documentaries we have
News stories and that is natalie here somebody here to turn that
I could show you a couple of things and I would
I just I have to it has to be responded to
Let me see the articles, please if you would and turn excuse me turn the lights down
What turn the lights down and just put this on it's right behind you
yon
Elemental do we throw without you people are going to occupy land
We require no permission from you from the president from okay
Shoutouts to ramafosa for making the exact hand movement that I would have just been like
Fucking shit. Are you serious?
Oh god, okay
No one we don't care. We can do whatever you want to do
Why you tell us what I can occupy land or not?
Why there are so many people in there?
So what do you say?
Oh my god fucking play the curb your enthusiasm music look at this zoom
This is jim helperding at the camera what else can you do this poor guy?
Who wants to bet elon put him up to this maybe we can skip the bet on that one
The phone why are they not even showing the video this is so awkward
Oh, they're gonna finally pan the camera over eventually
So these people ready to run to eat them
Go out on a white man
They see a temperature
Because you have touched a white man
Is that even him?
It probably I'm assuming that must be him
Is Trump just is this just meant to be scary
Because it's a black guy from Africa talking
Well, I can't really tell what the fuck they're saying
Because it's
Captured audio from a TV in the corner of the press room in the white house
Well the press room or the
Meeting whatever room they meet everybody in
I can tell that I think I'm supposed to be scared of something
Not quite sure what I did hear the
The phrase white people in there
He's just become a twitch streamer. He's just like hey, let's let's just watch videos together
The weird gold temple. Yes the temple of infinite conversations
He was talking about the 80 dollar mario kart price. Well that listen that does need to be responded to
I think we're responding with our wallets, baby. We're gonna pony up
Okay, let's let's just skip to whenever they stop watching this
Intermittable clip in the corner of the room
Can't they get like an av guy to just full screen this thing?
How does case have better production values than the white house?
You know, they just they don't have a uh, they don't have a stream deck. So what can they do?
Okay
This guy's face
Is just so perfect. It's such a perfect response to all of us
Are they keep oh my god, is this all just them watching it of white farmers
Object
I thought trump agreed with that now this is very bad. These are the these are mario sites right here
mario sites
over a thousand
of white farmers and those yeah, don't be sure not to cut to that
that's
that's technically
I can't tell if it's more or less awkward than the Zelinsky thing
Is that even effective propaganda?
just
loudly playing a
Contextless video on a tv
Yeah, apparently that's real whatever we just saw is real
Strange trump isn't bringing up all the stories of the actual genocide. Well, he says that doesn't that's not happening
He's mad at anyone calling the genocide that's happening a genocide
Yeah, again, I'll write that opposite day email. Yeah, sorry. I forgot you're doing that for us again
Thank you
Trump is totally a twitch streamer now
I mean, he's been on twitch. He's been on twitch a bunch
He's been on our favorite
Favorite streamer aiden ross. Yeah, your favorite streamer aiden ross case. Oh, yeah, my favorite streamer
Okay, is there any did they do did they talk ever?
Let's see what abc news has to say. I just I can't bring myself to watch all hour and 50 minutes of this
We should find out in that clip
uh ryan
because that's
I haven't really looked into this story yet. So I didn't even know that's the thing that he said
Not case his brother is bringing up the part where the south african president says I wish I had a plane to offer you and trump says
Yeah, I wish you did
And that sounds probably made up. You know, that doesn't really sound made up that sounds exactly like trump would say
Anyway, maybe it's in this breakdown real joy and I also
Like to thank you for allowing your people to start discussions with us at the trade level
I mean, we are essentially here to
Reset the relationship between the united states and south african. Yeah, there's hitting a hard reset. Unfortunately
Long long standing a difficult reason in many many ways. We've collaborated in many fields
Uh in space. Yeah, I know it's not made up energy and in trade
And we there for listen to this guy talking
Saying legible things that you made on
Trade and investment. So we want to advance more trade between the two of us
Okay, okay people very rational points. Let's see how trump responds
myself to start engaging and we hope that you will be able to fuel that engagement during our talks
We're feeling we also want to discuss issues that have to do with how we promote further investments
In both countries. Wait a minute. Is this actually a two-minute trip a clip of trump listening invested in the us
That's creating a number of jobs
Whoever's clipping this
Does not have a strong sense
a heat-seeking missile
Of pulling out the salacious parts. I gotta say
All right, cnn. What do you have for us? We're jumping around here. Maybe cnn will have us covered
What would you like president ramicosa to do about the situation that we've just seen on the screen
I don't know
Look, these are articles over the last few days
death
Jesus people
death
death
death
horrible death
death
I don't know. Yeah, I'm sure you don't know white south africans are fleeing because of the violence and racist laws
We have a multi-party democracy in South Africa that allows people to express themselves
political parties to adhere to various policies and
In many cases or in some cases those policies do not go along death with government policy
Our government policy is completely completely against what
He was saying even in the parliament and they're a small minority party
Which is allowed to exist. I'm looking for a clip of the plane thing. Would you do allow them
To take land? No, no, no, no, no. Do allow them to take land. Nobody can take land. Okay
Twitter has our back here. That doesn't feel good to say either
Okay, let's see what this is. Here's some clips even more clips guys
What are you talking about?
You know
What does this have to do with the Katara jet?
They're giving the united states their force a jet. Okay, and it's a great thing
We're talking about a lot of other things
It's NBC trying to get off the subject of what you just saw. You are a real, you know, you're a terrible
Number one, you you don't have what it takes to be a reporter. You're not smart enough
But for you to go into a subject about
A jet that was given to the united states air force, which is a very nice thing
They also gave 5.1 trillion dollars worth of investment in addition to the jet
Go back. You ought to go back to your studio at NBC because
Brian Roberts and the people that run that place
They ought to be investigated. They are so terrible. He does have his little props run that network and you're a disgrace
No more questions from you
I
Talk about that
His name is Peter something. He's a terrible reporter. Oh my god. He's such a little
Winer, let's go
He's such a whiny baby
Yeah, yes
Jesus christ
Uh
I'll go with whiny baby because we're in news mode
Whitey baby is news safe
Oh
Some people really like that though. I know some people do like that
Where's the plane thing? I just want to hear him openly request bribes
That's the humanizing element of trump
Is whenever he
tries to
Get stuff for free
It's the one thing we have left to relate to our president on
Okay, trump
plane we're just going
Going in. Okay, okay. Here we go. This this is 15 seconds
All right, twitter do your best
After viewing a thing where thousands of people are dead, I'm sorry. I don't have a plane to give you
I wish you did
If your country offered the united states air force a plan I would take it. Okay
Can we do a
Can we freaky friday those two presidents? I don't even know anything about
the south african
uh president but
Can we just swap their brains and just see what happens?
Well, he was already there and we didn't prepare like a lightning storm or something so we did miss our shot unfortunately
And he could have
Politics I horribly disagree with too. I but I just I think it can't probably be worse
That's what you think case cnn will wait two years and jake tater will put it in a book
in two years everyone's gonna
Be on my side and understand that we just needed to call them out for doing an opposite day
and
We could have saved ourselves so much trouble
You really like that idea don't you it's one of the few ideas I've had
All that death is because of rfk
Oh, is that that I actually speaking of white genocide
And someone who could actually pull it off
That's true
The genocide was in the room with us all along and it was named rfk
He is such a whiny bitch. Well c bonds. I bullfrog said it because you wouldn't case
It's my that's why chat keeps me accountable
Uh trump plain crash because he looked down remember
Wait, what?
Trump plain crash because he looked down remember
Are we are we just are we wish casting right now case?
easy
all right
well
That's pretty bad more than analysis from case pouring in every moment
That was pretty bad. Yes. I mean we only watched a tiny fraction of their extremely long meeting
But it looked like it was really bad. Hmm. Well to return to the story
Let's see if there's any other huge things that happen. This is all about the preparation for it
um
Here's some context on the video he was showing in a carefully choreographed office onslaught
scene
Previously trump pounced moving quickly to a list of concerns about the treatment of white south africans
which he punctuated by playing a video
And leafing through a stack of printed news which we saw and it was indeed
Straight up printed out laser jet style with the lights turned down at trump's request the video played on a television
That is normally set up in the oval office. So they brought a tv in
They didn't why'd they set it up in such an awkward spot?
These are the questions no one's asking but us and that's why
We're the best news i've decided i finally won you over jeff
We're the best news. We're the only ones asking questions about tv placement
Anyway, they brought a tv in and trump asserted where the graves of white, uh
Wait, he showed off white crosses with trump asserted where the graves of white people
Because the crosses were white and opposition leaders making incendiary speeches
So they weren't even necessarily from the actual south african president trump suggested one of them julius malema should be arrested
So it was just other guys giving speeches
Yeah, i mean it looked like a different guy. So i'm just so confused as to
What you think you would accomplish by
bringing a tv in and showing just long
contextless
supposedly gotcha clips
While we're talking about it. So i guess it worked
Did it what?
His supporters already are just down to believe there's a white genocide happening all around the world all the time
So he doesn't even need to
I guess the idea is he's standing up to just a black guy. So some people are going to get off on that
Yeah, i guess i guess
Let me think about what they're trying to accomplish and i'll get back to you
The video was made in september 2020 during a protest after two people were killed on their farm earlier that week
The crosses did not mark actual graves and a public broadcaster at the time
That said that they represented farmers who had been killed over the years. So they were ceremonial
Graves
for
white
people
Okay
We have many people that feel they're being persecuted and they're coming to the united states trump said are they i thought they weren't
Yeah, every article i've read said that very few people are taking trump up on his
um
generous offer to to offer
Places for white south africans to stay
Is it just white south africans? Is it that blatant?
2547 is that the amount that's taken him up on that? That's more than i thought
Probably a few more white people in south africa than that
How many we'll say a few okay
uh trump said people are fleeing south africa for their own safety and then continued to say a bunch of bullshit
um
Okay
There be their land is being confiscated and in many cases they're being killed another thing that trump said
The president added echoing a once fringe conspiracy theory that is circulated in global far-right chat rooms
Also known as the largest social media website
Uh over the last decade south african born elan musk who was in the oval oval office during the meeting uh, he was there that's
surprising
Wow, he was in the room who would have guessed
Uh a new land reform law aimed at redressing the addressing redressing the injustices of apartheid allows for
Uh expropriations without compensation when in the public interest for example if land is laying fallow
No sex uh no such expropriation has taken place and any order can be challenged in court
So the opposite of habeas corpus no the
Maybe corpus is let's just focus on
Don't don't mix your terms jeff
I'm just saying by their definition that would be like the opposite of habeas corpus
Okay, you're making it more confusing than it needs to be
I thought that's what everything is now. We're just trying to make it as confusing as possible
Anyway, South african police recorded 26,232 murders nationwide in 2024 with 44 linked to farming communities
eight of those victims were farmers
ramaphosa sitting in a chair next to trump and
Sat in a chair next to trump and remain poised he pushed back against his claims if there was african or farmer genocide
I can bet you these gentlemen would not be here ramaphosa said referring to golfers urney ells and retif goose goose
And billionaire johann rupert all white who were present in the room
That did not satisfy trump
And then they kept talking and some say they're still talking to this day
Well, that's you know more embarrassing
Shit
That's going to be shoveled directly into the mouths of a bunch of people that for some reason are very down to believe it
You'll habeas my corpus
Maybe it's a sexy thing
We we have a definition already. We covered it. It's we should go with the one that actually has precedence and exists
I'm just saying if it's up for grabs if we're getting rid of the old definition
Maybe we make it a sex thing. It's already got corpse in the title. Don't make it a sex thing, Jeff
But if it just means the body and leadin, okay, okay
Well, anyway
Things will be all right. I think seem like they're gonna be less. All right. I'll I'll say it
It feels like things are becoming less. All right by the day, but it'll probably all work out
Okay, okay. Well
Look good vibes are they're just a ripple case. All right, Jeff and my name is jeff ripple
So I just say think about that and I'll be thinking about you too. Bye. Bye everybody
misfire of a sound cue
Interrupting the perfect flow of my incredible intro not likely
Because the only thing that interrupts my flow
Is the piss hungry monster next to me who's constantly trying to drink my piss. I'm of course talking about prom
What the fuck?
You went to goad me again. You're back to that. Everything's breaking today including my perception of reality
You look like me for a second, which is impossible
I can't help it if you're in shame munch
And I don't drink your piss for the record
Saying you want to you would interrupt my flow my urine flow because you'd be so hungry for my piss
That's just so crass. What an awful way to start a segment
Honestly, how are you? How are we living such shameful times?
Just lured it over by shameful idiots
You should be so disappointed in yourself and it's shocking that you're not
I know what you said that but what am I?
What?
You don't have to try anymore. I agree with you. We don't need to try
You're you pissing you're ugly. That's all I gotta say. I piss and I'm ugly
Yeah, you're guilty of that crime by the way, and I've suspended your right to defend yourself
My insults don't need to be good you piss
It's not an intro everyone pisses not like you though. The way you do it is bad
Oh god, is this what we're in for today? Yes
Okay
Well, we're supposed to debate the merits of the fish ties that we're wearing for the record. I bought this fish tie first
I bought a red fish tie on my own. I wasn't doing a bandwagon thing
I'm kind of a rebel in a revolutionary and I always do things my own way
Kkyoko gets it battling the news like all of us for 25 months
They piss beautifully stop commenting on the piss of other people
You've never even seen me piss. I wish that were true. Oh, there was that there's the incidents where I peed
On this stream in front of you. Yes
Well, those I deeply regret
Lots of shade being thrown around by a man who owes a thousand
A thousand thousands to a gorilla. I can read a little bit
And yes, I am well aware and I do I'm paying him back. I paid him just $5,000 last week of my money
Of money I earned via our agreement
Yeah, every time he wins he gets $5,000 from me because I'm that confident that he never will win
And frankly he never has
I literally just won the last one. I'm on a huge wind street currently
Believe it when I see it you were sitting right next to me every time I won
But what does it matter? I understand. I understand you refuse. I could hold up one finger and say don't worry
I'm giving you the peace sign. Couldn't I
You were that's the sign for peace and peace be with you peace be with you crumb peace be with you munch
Peace you got a piece of this. Oh, I'm feeling very peaceful
Namaste, bitch
Oh
The wolves never lose that's true
We need a piano key necktie
Maybe we should change the tie up every couple munch eventually we have to change the code up to
You maniac. This is a perfect red jacket. I refuse to change it. Okay. Well today
We're here to talk about the pros and cons of a fishtie. Okay
um
Well, I think the fishtie is good and I had the idea for it first and everybody likes it on me and thinks it looks cool
God you're pathetic
awesome
Yes, okay, so you think no, I think no, I'm not that big of a fan. I think it's a little unprofessional
I would love to cling to any
semblance
Of professionalism on this stream and I think the fishtie undercuts the little bit of gravitas
I'm still capable of lending to this absolute clown show
You think you're lending gravitas?
More like there's gravel in your piss
Because you've got so many kidney stones
It's basically like you're filling a ditch on a work site every time you urinate
Anything that sounds like a superpower munch
Anyway, I think actually what you think is all of us should wear african dashikis. No, I refuse
Can we just go with the actual request? Oh, that is a rule when there's a request
I guess if it's an official request, I'm supposed to just bake your side. Anyway, no is fine because you're so incorrect as always
I yes, thank you. I don't think we should wear the fishtie. So if we don't have a mod that mines making that pull
I will proudly
Support the side of african dashikis. No, I just don't think we should wear the tie
Not that I have anything against african dashikis. You don't want to wear an african dashiki god
That's a crazy admission from you. Do you have something against african style and culture?
It's just not appropriate for me
Because you're too good for it. No, it's just about the fishtie. We have a mod that doesn't mind making the fishtie debate
It's just a yes or no question munch
And apparently you answered no. Do I care about african culture?
Okay, look, I know a lot of people are probably like the fishtie because it's silly. I just
Just level with me for a second. Oh shoot. I need the money and now I'm realizing you're realizing that people like the tie
I don't like the tie
So I'll approach it from this angle. I don't like the tie
But I do like living and I would ask you
Outside of the context of this debate. Oh my god, what are you doing outside of the context of this debate?
You really want to be the type of person that disagrees with someone and then wishes death upon them?
Because if you don't vote for me, there's no telling what this gorilla will do
Look at him. He's
Playing that music so slow. He never stops. I can feel him looking at me at all times
So no, I don't want the fishtie. But yes, I think we all want me to live and that's where you're wrong
We love the fishtie. We love it more than your life
We would gladly keep the fishtie and see you
Drown in an ocean like a fish except you can't swim. You don't have gills
You're like kevin costar and water world minus the powers you instantly die
Meanwhile, all of us wear the fucking badlander jet skiers riding around shooting fucking machine guns in the air saying fuck the fish
Tie wait. I mean, yes the fishtie. You're not even keeping your own shit straight
I don't even need to because that's how much we love the fishtie
We're fucking crazy water world style jet skier shooting around firing fucking machine guns in the air watching you drown
While we circle you like sharks chanting fishtie fishtie jet, you know, you like the fishtie. Don't do this. Don't be don't be persuaded by him
You maniacs. You're the ones who made us wear the fishtie. Are you kidding me? They just don't want me to die much
They don't want me to be killed by a gorilla. Is that so wrong? Yes
All of us should pray for your death at the hands of this beautiful gorilla
Why is the gorilla even here if not to finally release you from this horrific mortal coil that you existed
If I were you I would be praying to be released from this. What's wrong? Thank you. Oh money for you
Oh
Yes, uh one another one. Yes, like I want all the other ones
Yes
I lost track. Oh man
Where'd the gorilla go?
Where's the gorilla?
Is he right behind you? Is he right behind you? Is he right behind me?
Gorilla, I don't know where he's going
But I will do another debate on Friday
Case is only doing one other stream this week. Who knows if they'll even request this segment
And if you don't pay him
Because the interest just goes up and up
If I don't pay weekly the interest goes up and I can't keep up with that
Please it was so hard to convince him to do $5,000 installments just request the segment on friday
Really?
Oh my god. Oh, I remembered why I set the situation up the way I did. Oh man. He's back
Oh, he's back
Gorilla really thought you're gonna sneak up behind a family do your thing
He's paying you so slow
Respect yourself gorilla and kill this man. Stop
Calling for my death that has to be against terms of service. I think it's against the terms of service of the country
It should be illegal
Or I'm also doing a podcast throw cases. Well, maybe I'll show up
Don't go to cases house and do his podcast for him. I'm just saying to be an improvement
God
Taking the lord's name in vain despite claiming to be
A candidate for pope
Well, they did lose the papal conglade race
Unfortunately, so much lower for you that you don't deserve
The gorilla won't get his money if crumb is dead. Oh my gosh. You're right
But he can do a lot of damage to you keep you alive
I mean, you don't need that much of your body to be a talking head
Right gorilla
He agrees with me
He agrees
Uncle Phil 2k
Always with the good ideas. What?
You better not try to weasel out of this with your fakery
I'll forbid you to die until you've paid off this debt
Why would I listen to you because
The magics I have you don't have magic
Well, I'll fucking magically beat your stinky piss ass who's bad at pissing. Oh my god
That's all the time we have because i'm so tired of having to sit next to this piss guy
God, can you just you used to try?
Can you just go back to at least making the insults?
Anything I could but i'm just so distracted by
How much piss you are how much piss I am?
God this man piss
You're not even speaking english correctly anymore. There's no time for english because of how piss you are
Sorry everybody. I'm overwhelmed by the piss of this man and that's why we got to get out of here for the day
But of course we won as we always do. He's gonna get murdered by a gorilla soon
We'll finally be free until then stay safe stay all ruined to all the rules in chat and we'll see you soon
Bye-bye the fun segment man. Come on
Yes, how did you even?
How'd you even find your way down here the walls traveled through all the floors case?
It's not how walls work
You don't know how the walls work
Clearly
Okay, great. You're here. Peter. Let's just immediately start watching videos. Oh, what you don't want to do a little bit
Let's just find a video and you get it. We watch videos we watch videos, Peter
Everyone is so cantankerous on this stream. How about two folks host that actually like each other?
That give each other massages, you know, I got an army of rats that could give you a real nice massage
You ever have a thousand little paws against your back?
Just find some videos to watch Peter
Yeah rat massage
Everybody loved it in ratatouille when the little guy's cooked
But I guess it's just a movie. It's literally just a movie
Well, uh, we're a species that has long loved animals and to
Help prove that point
Here's a cute little video
pretty good
pretty good stuff
If you like that
Well, I got about 20,000 rats. You'd probably like to 20,000
I mean, I lost count at a certain point, but at least
You know play the music. Whoo the gorilla's back. How did you get down here?
He's a gorilla. He can walk around
I'm just saying good good for you. He's very quick
Brings his whole setup
Yeah, that's true. He does only have that one
Keyboard so he carries it sets it all up. He's very quick. He's very professional
Quick and professional Peter for instance, he doesn't live here
He doesn't
He has his own apartment rock a fire gorilla has his own apartment
So what's your excuse?
My excuse is I've got my own wall which is essentially
A more efficient apartment that exists inside where I work
There's a high scoring one and understandably that's
That's a pretty good singing fish pretty good
I'll imagine it as a bunch of rats. I don't know. Let's just watch another one
Comes the wedding party now first to land is the usher
He takes the seat right next to a busy highway now comes Dave the best man
Guess he wasn't so lucky. I did a little bit of damage to the car
When Dave hit the car that's when I thought the day was over, but it's not over
The groom is ready to make his grand entrance
Right into a tree, but it wasn't graceful, but I was okay
As far as the bride is concerned. It was still a wonderful wedding. It went smashingly
So loud is the highway. I gotta see that guy. Now comes Dave the best man
Guess he wasn't so lucky. I did a little bit of damage to the car
You'd you think that's funny?
I mean
I'm amazed that's not to me. That's an easy 10. He could have died case. I mean, he could have what were they trying to go for there
A beautiful wedding day. I think you're making it a little too much about yourself when you're parachuting in on your wedding day
So you wouldn't do that. I mean I would
question my ability to do that
Maybe he's a professional skydiver, but it doesn't look like it
They were okay in the end
Yeah, so what are you giving me shit?
I just wanted to shade in that tone
To make me feel better
Because I was worried about them. I'm a humanist case
Humanist and a raddest do not say that word again. All right
See what's going on in the edm scene play that drop again
I don't want to sing that song
I'll take your word for it. Peter. I mean sing it for you. Watch this. I'll sing it perfectly for you right now
I didn't hear you. I was singing it. It blended perfectly because I'm so good
I thought you wouldn't like cats because cats, you know what they kill not always
Depends how long they've existed in the wall together. Hmm. Also the rat population does need to be cold
They will grow to unlimited size
Unless they are cold so I welcome the cats
Even while I advocate for rats, I understand the limitations. It's a circle of life case
I call the rats sometimes what?
Well, just by encouraging their violent instincts
There's many religions of the rats in the wall and by keeping a constant
um
Royaling conflict between the various religious sects of rats. I control their population. I don't have to listen to this
But you did I'm gonna play another one. Yeah, I'm gonna play whatever this is
It seems like an old news clip
No, let me let me turn this up and start it over. I don't know what the fuck he's saying
Well, we
Ruby Tuesday as you do it
Now the simple commitment to change
We're at the last of our old restaurant
Right here in mountain ollie, oh, hi
To blow it up. Yeah
What was that real?
What did we just see?
Is that a real thing just blow up the wrong
They blow up the wrong place. Let me let me pop open this youtube video real quick
Casual dining land
It also had weird sound effects. The funniest thing I've seen in a while. How could someone screw up that bad?
I don't think it's real
It's actually a promotional stunt
Such a strange promotional stuff a promotional stuff from like back in the early 2000s
A 6.2 stonches what it is
But do you want to go into ruby tuesdays more now back in the day?
In good old ronok vie back in ronok vie. Don't no don't stick my hometown
Uh
There was a ruby tuesdays that we went to quite a bit and frankly I did like the salad bar quite a bit
There's no shame in that. There's a little shame in that
Live in sliji is never wrong and he agrees with you. Okay. Well, it flattens these says then actually i'm totally correct
But I do remember going later on and the salad bars quality had
depreciated over the years
So sad what's happening to this country
We can't hold on to anything, but maybe it's fun. Maybe it's just that ronok location. I don't know, but I remember being like
What this used to be all such sites it had
to show you
You're trying to think of a salad thing for show and you couldn't you know how to read me that's because you're my best friend
Let's watch this next one. This is gonna be 45 pounds to bend it. See if you got it
Easy this is level two and it requires 90 pounds of force to bend is that wreck it Ralph?
Easy let's go to level three 140 pounds of force
Oh my gosh, that was not bad. This is level four 175 pounds most people can't even bend it
So they can't bend it a little bit. So let's see if you can do the whole thing
Oh, okay. I saw your hands touch. I'm terrified standing here because if it flicks out of his hands
It could be over for me now. This is level five 220 pounds of force to bend. I'm not getting close to bending this even just a little bit
No way that seems like a very dangerous implement. Oh my gosh close
Can you work out tell your hands are that big?
Because I thought it was just diabetes that did that
Or does diabetes give me super strength?
I think you might have like a thing
Genetics
Same for me. I'm impressed not by you Peter. I know
Sure, you can you just gotta stretch if I stretch my fingers there
They're not that swollen right now actually your hands honestly look I think you all the growth happened in your face
I do have a very stately and fully grown face
So I'll take that as a compliment case
7.31
You're putting up 7.31. You know what I'm breading people a lot of weight is what I'm it's what I'm trying to say. Okay
Ahem
a dug adieu what?
Oh, this is a reddit video. They often won't play for some reason. Okay. Here we go. It's only nine seconds
All right number one fan
Was that stan
That's a remade video
Still good. Um not not cases brother had your back there
Thank you
Thank you really needed
8.79
Someday I'll win you over someday. You'll come to the wall
Everyone comes to the wall eventually case
Who are you looking at even I'm looking right at you. Am I not looking at you? What is even inside you?
human organs
Are you a bunch of rats in a human suit?
God you're mean you're just that's a good one case. You're so mean. Okay
Wow
American
Thank god he shot the ground where he would have killed the entire power rangers force
It's very kind of almost every enemy the power rangers go up against well
I'm giving them the wrong name
Oswe would be crushed
that I'm forgetting the
The name of the actual original japanese power rangers
franchise
Super sentai here we go. But what's the name of the the force?
Are they soup? They're not super sentai rangers
Uh super sentai well, they might all have different names, you know like there's different groups of rats. They all
No, no rat metaphors
Common rider
No, I just mean super sentai is the
It's where they pull all the power ranger footage from when they made power rangers
I just wonder what this what a particular squad of super sentai rangers is called
Gid you force no that's dragon ball. Well, anyway, there was a nine
America still got a little bit of juice left. That's a pretty old video
That's the America we aspire to be is american ninja from super sentai
Paw Patrol
Is that how paw patrol works? Do they pull all the all the footage from a japanese, uh animal cop show but then just
Have american teenagers
Do pickup shots? That's not how paw patrol works
But maybe it could is there another thing we could just steal from japan?
hire five american actors to do cutting shots for and
Make a billion dollars
um
Maybe they're game shows
maybe you just uh
Now you could just steal the game show format, which i'm amazed we haven't done more often
Ham tarot. Yeah, ham tarot. It's just ham tarot and occasionally cut-ins of american teens in hill valley
Hmm. There's japanese spider-man muck bangs. Well, I cut cut me into muck bangs
Think you're a surefire way for them to get less viewership peter show me because you're i'm beginning to suspect you're a bunch of rats
In human skin
Can you stop can you stop being that mean? I just i'm not kidding
Speaking of japanese pranks
We've got those uh, yeah, we've got those
Unmute and here we go
Queen
Now he's added that little extra touch
No, it's could still suit you
Is that it's that against habeas corpus
Uh, she does deserve a right to a trial after getting shot in the face at hard. It's always really hard
Yeah, they either they add the right sound effects or they just are a little
willing to really toe that line of fucking people up for real
Because whenever I see those shows whenever they get hit with something or shot with something
There's just a little extra juice to it that we just don't know how to do here in the united states
good cop bad cock
good
cock
That wasn't what I meant to say clearly. Let's say. Oh trying to read card kink's comment
Good cop bad cop kaki cop. It was gonna be dirty anyway
Good pop good cop bad cock
Has to be the title of a porn, right?
Why would I know that?
I don't even get good wi-fi in the wall. I can't even watch stuff like that and I wouldn't
because it's
I don't like the way the performers are treated and it's for moral reasons
Is that peters new segment
Good cocoa bad cock
Assuming you meant to write good cop. I'll take it. I'll take my own segment. Even if it's called good
Cop bad cock
I don't want to give you a segment called that
I like to be cocked by rats
Uh, then why am I their king? I would ask
So you're all right. You're admitting you're a rat king
Not in the way you mean. I'm not admitting a thing. Let's just keep going
That breaking news button back
Wait a minute, what am I about to see are you about to see a full horse ass just a second
We'll start this one back over. I just got to be careful
Okay, we're fine. I'm just wondering if we're gonna see a close-up of a horse ass, but it goes in a different direction. Don't worry
On the high
Live our lives around the boss time to our nine to five
You gotta make a living
But you still gotta live
That only takes a second so don't you forget
Stop and smell. Oh, was that too much for you case?
Great of a little animal, but
Excuse me, peter
I mean me too
I mean me too is I have same normal reaction as you
But it's not that weird also
I mean, it's not that weird
It's maybe your hands are busy and you gotta take temperature
There's a sick animal
Say it's a rat
Okay, I you know peter. Let's do work. I'm cutting you off. We're doing two more than we're getting out of here
All right, I'm gonna can I pick no actually
Point two
That is low
There's a very low one
Somebody liked it somebody gave it a one
Stormburn gave it a one
Don't call out stormburn for giving it a one. It's very low as well. She's just curious to somebody gave it a 10
But no
No one liked it peter
Yeah, nobody did this is 12 years ago today. Let's take it back 2013 style
That rocked way harder than I thought it would
That's an old clip that I've somehow never seen
I'll share it back. What band is this?
One of the greatest performances in history
Of music took place at the denny's grand slam
Play it for us gorilla
Play it back
You really can play anything. He's that good
Dang
You're getting a call. It's kendall
Let me let her know that she's on stream
Kendall's uh kennels on the phone
Uh your pasta leftovers are still available. Don't worry. They're ready for it
Are you gonna stream are you gonna stream today? So maybe that's a normal stream for me. So they're all used to that
Okay
I get that
Okay, well, I'll be here when you're back
I mean, I'll be in the studio. I'll be in the new studio
How'd it go? Yeah, yeah, I'll see you. Yeah, I'll see you
Okay, bye
Bye. I love you. Bye. That's my girlfriend Kendall. Yeah case
Yeah, I know
That's my girlfriend. Okay
Everybody's got one. I don't want to ask don't tell me what you think I'm let's do one more
Let's do one more
Tank versus tesla. Okay, this is this is the kind of feel-good thing we need to end the stream with tank versus tesla
What if the tesla wins my name is ken turner and i'm 98 years old and i've served in the british army in the world
war two
As did this sherman tank
I'm old enough to seen fascism the first time around
Now it's coming back
Eon musk the rich man in the world
Is using his immense power to support the far right in Europe got a clear head on his shoulders and his money comes from tesla cars
Well, I've got this message
A fascism license plate. We've crushed fascism before and we'll crush it again
So let's go. Shall we?
Let's go
Led by donkeys
To my voice I could hear your voice per se perfectly listen to this
Ankei
I am mean to peter to cover up
If that I love him
You couldn't even
Come up with a good way to say that
I love case. So I mean is how my brain works
I said I love case. I mean peter
I love pete. I'm being case right now. I understand and I love peter
I love peter
That's a 10 quit distracting from the 10. That was a 10
It's the highest rated one of the day which you love
Peter I miss darfus. I miss darfus. He just made me think of darfus. I could be darfus call me darfus. We'll be friends
Don't steal darfus's identity
Okay, I'll get you one of these days one of these days is will they won't they think well resolved there's no what?
Just okay. Well, I guess that's all the time we have. I have a great rest of your day
And it's strong on a 10. Uh, just like me
I attend case
Bye peter. Bye
scrum check
scrum check
What that's my new catchphrase scrum check
What does it mean?
Why do I have to tell you?
What are you here to do?
Um one moment
I'm focusing
Um
Welcome to the cavalcade of news featuring scrum. That's me
What are you listening to?
Listening to the only genre of music I can tolerate
clown party
Not a fan of music, but if it has to be on
Make it clown party. You're dancing. No, I'm shaking
Because I don't like music
1.7 million listeners can't be wrong. It's popular
I don't love things just because they're popular though. I love things when they're clown party
Back to you case
Well, you have to actually do the news if you're gonna
Can you turn on that clown party music?
Do I like clown parties if there's no music? I don't care care for clowns or parties
I like clown party music only the combination of the three
Well, there's a lot of stories to open
There's a lot of news to cover because we didn't even do the news on monday, so
Let's close a bunch of tabs
And then let's get to clown partying I guess no the music is clown party
I will be reading the news unrelated to the clown party music
But I was told that you play music during this. Oh, we don't always what?
Cut the clown party music
If music's not a requirement then my preference is obviously no music
What can you at least play the clown party music while you're opening news stories? Not if it's not required
Okay, you have to while you're opening news stories
God
Okay
Turn up my clown party music if we have to play it
I'm opening news stories
There's a lot
You weren't wrong about that. What is Netflix doing?
We're really behind on all this news
There's about a hundred stories to get through just a quick hundred though
Just a quick hundred. We'll end on this last one. Okay. Cut my clown party music, please
Thank you
The stories are open. Okay
You can stop the clown party music
I did
Okay
So if anybody's wondering this is scrum white, they know who I am
Just in case somebody didn't know I'm scrum. I'm legally obligated to be here
You're lucky. Well, in other words, I'd be gone. Okay
Exotic male dancer the punisher recalls first night with Diddy Cassie baby oil astro glide wigs
And also I'm assuming
sexual assault
Yeah, whenever there's these stories trying to make this case kind of seem fun and crazy
Even though it is crazy
I am reminded that it's
intrinsically about him sexually assaulting
Dozens of people
Does make it a little less fun
Allegedly, I guess I should say
Allegedly
Anyway, another case has tried to suck all the fun out of it
Let's show nude bodies
And think about how crazy celebrities are
Okay
Sarah Hayes an exotic male dancer known as the punisher
Is testifying for the prosecution in the Diddy trial
And here he is
Not wearing any clothes
He says he was first hired in 2012 when a woman called and booked him for a midnight gig
Okay
Told the jury Cassie told him that she and Diddy neither of whom he recognized at the time didn't want him to dance
And instead wanted him to create a sexual scene with baby oil
Is this him?
That's the punisher I guess
He said the room was dimly lit with bottles of baby oil on deck Cassie told him they would apply baby oil and Diddy would eventually come out to watch
Warning him not to acknowledge Diddy when he appeared Hayes said Cassie then handed him 800 dollars
That is a fair wage. No, it's not
Dude, he should get paid way more for dealing with all that shit
It's fluffy was so fucking rich 800 dollars. He should have negotiated up. Jeez
Anyway, you got it. There's this more Diddy stuff
sex
Lacks lack of consent baby oil, you know
comedy
now
Not really
That is insanely 800 bucks. Oh, it's what?
A night of work add options now
Any ways to counter ban rob elvi vote now or rob will ban this poll
confused by that but
Exclamation point. Oh is how you fill out that question
It's pretty small down there, but just to reiterate. It's any ways to counter ban rob elvi vote now or rob will ban this poll
General slit one of the classic options making it on there right away
Hmm is that a popular
option here
Scrum, you know it is
I don't follow with that closely what you do here vote now
The options are gentle slit banned know your band roast beef sandwich and another extremely popular option september
That's a popular option as well scrum. You know you've been here
Anyway, exclamation point one through five is how you fill that out
hmm
Well, while you debase yourself with these frivolities, I will cover the stories of the day. Thank you very much
Orson wells can now be your ai generated tour guide
Maybe class up your life a little bit
by
Summoning orson wells's voice from the dead
To guide you on tours
of the world
The winner was roast beef sandwich
Great and another more ai slop
To guide you on tours
Out in the out in the wild is the idea you get like headphones with his voice
Um
Well, I'll tell you if you'll listen
Story rabbit from podcast company tree fort media into partnership
With the orson wells estate to launch orson wells presents
The app now features the unmistakable voice of wells digitally recreated
using a story rabbits ai technology as an option for users to hear stories about specific locations
It's only 4.99 a month. You know that is cheaper than an 11 lab subscription
I think that's like 11 dollars a month
um
So if you just want to you know, I guess stop on the grave of orson wells while
Exploring Cambodia then go for it. Why Cambodia? I mean, I don't know what their options are but
Stuff rob with roast beef
Is rob elvi allergic to roast beef? Maybe I mean the the poll suggested could get rid of him somehow
Well, anyway, I'll just keep talking to darth vader. Thank you very much
You you like fortnight darth vader. I care for fort fort night darth vader
You care for him I care for that particular
entertainment choice
I appreciate it. I've often wanted to talk to the man
I don't care for the game
I don't care for the voice chats around me
But I do appreciate the chance to have a conversation with darth vader
I just I'm glad I haven't had to talk to a i darth vader yet. I think everybody's already had their fun
I don't have anything to add at this point
You're not at you're listening what you do when you talk to a i darth vader as you listen
You absorb the knowledge
I don't know you're a star wars fan. I'm not
I'm an a i darth vader fan. I don't like star wars or original darth vader
I care for this darth vader
You know you said you're you told me you were gonna do this really fast because you don't like small talk
And this is going slower than ever and we have so many stories
I will move at my own pace which is quick. I move at a fast clip. So keep up. But don't rush me
Lobooboo frenzy is toys ozzy wait hours
for sell
4 000 online
hottest trend
You know, we just talked about ai and um
Sometimes I feel like it's mark is all over all over the world now
Lobooboo frenzy as toys ozzy's wait hours to sell for thousands
Online hottest trend
Great. I get it. I get it. See it communicated the whole idea much like a our dear
I wish I was a cyber truck. Oh you got that. No, it made me gasp the thought of it. I wasn't laughing
Removed a gasp from my chest cavity
Because the idea because earlier you crushed one and it made me think of being crushed and in a moment of panic
I gasped
Okay, scrum makes me miss crumb fine. I don't I care not for your feelings
That's clear scrum
scrum is a secret murderer, isn't he if I murdered I do it publicly
I'm no coward
If I were to come for you
I would do it loudly and in public
I'd scream
Can munch debate ai Darth Vader
You know, we do need a new song girl. Although I do have to download fortnight
To do that
Unless there's a different ai Darth Vader. Is there a different ai Darth Vader?
They should really just release him as a standalone app because I would love to delete fortnight
Anyway, I will make this goal as I'm in support of this
I'm in support
Of specifically ai Darth Vader
You've made that really clear. I hope so because it's an opinion. I hold dearly
Okay
And
ai Darth Vader
Debate
And
reset the goals
And save and there you go
Classing up this stream
With ai Darth Vader. It's a huge improvement over your usual content case. Let's be honest
How did you keep and lose seven bows?
Oh, how do we keep you and lose seven bows? We did already lose seven elbows
Sammies
Still flowing the coop. I haven't been able to get a hold of them. If he ever comes back
We have an extremely relaxed vacation policy here. So
We can just slot them right back in
But I have to be here at least once a month. Well, that's a whole different legal obligation that
Chrome set up for some reason
Oh, yeah
Lore yeah, there's a lot of lore here. My boyfriend had sex with an ai. Am I allowed to call it cheating?
Yes, no, I won't debate this the debates are for
Chrome or munch or whatever and
ai Darth Vader
Okay
Anyway, yes
cheating happens in the mind
as well as in the body
and either
Can create a full cheat
on its own
I guess it depends. I mean, it's not a person. So I wouldn't
Worry about it too much. But if it's kind of fucking up his life if he's spending all his time
Sex chatting and ai then then maybe just leave him for that
Hmm
I would leave him for the cheating that he did with the ai
Because it is cheating case gearbox CEO Randy pitchford tells anyone worried about an 80 borderlands for price tag that
If you're a real fan, you'll make it happen reminding us all of the value in choosing not to tweet
He's correct though
I mean, I guess he's right that if you love borderlands, you'll pay 80 dollars
I do wonder why you would bother tweeting that I don't understand why some of these people can't just not comment on this stuff like
Just don't say anything. You just set the price
people complain
And you just don't respond to complaints
No, no, no
Don't censor yourself
When you feel anger boiling up and outrage it must be expressed
I should know
I'm feeling it. No, I can tell you're angry all the time. Yes, because I'm an honest man
When I feel boiling rage I express it like the gland of a dog
Okay
I don't know how this is news, but it was linked tamagachi
tamagachi paradise
new rotama character with zoom lens
Raise over 50,000 different variations of tamagachi
test your luck connect with friends for a surprise
Tamagachi paradise
Back to you case. Okay, there's a lot more stories though. That was my favorite story of the day
It's clear. It was concise and there were colors. I didn't like the colors though
I would prefer it if it was black and white. So it was easier on my eyes
But other than that, I enjoyed it favorite so far
But maybe this can top it viral hit skibbety toilet prepares to infect theaters with michael bay and invisible narratives
Is this a new narrative technology where the narrative is
So intricately woven into the ip that it's invisible
You know skibbety toilet the original does have a very extensive narrative
Quickly enough
Not that I would know
You excited for this film?
No
The viral animation skibbety toilet has grown beyond simple meme hood into a global pop cultural phenomenon. Has it still
I feel like
The pace of culture kids have probably already moved beyond skibbety toilet
I feel like they should have done this 10 years from now when they're catching the nostalgia
Children have for an astidia skibbety toilet while they're in their 20s
It's still going strong case your every word you're proving how out of touch you are
Children love skibbety toilet
Ohio
No cap on god
Shut up. No, but imagine this. What if I did that but I did it two kids in an auditorium
And then I made a tiktok about it. That'd be huge. That already happened
It's my idea was stolen. Okay, don't worry. They're not just adopting blockbusters this trippy japanese walking simulator
You can get on four dollars on steam has been made into a movie to
This is pc gamer
The exit eight
It's a backroom styles game from 2023 and it's gotten a movie
You should make a game case if you want to be a hollywood writer
Then make a game and that made me a
Hollywood game developer incorrect. It makes you a writer
What you need to do case
Let's make a tiktok of you
Crying while defecating in a bathtub
Okay, and then that goes viral
And then you make the movie defecation bathtub. I just laid it all out for you
Why do you think me pooping in a toilet in a not a toilet in a bathtub would go viral?
All right, okay. It's not the worst advice you've ever given me. It's probably the best
That's a great way to go
To do the drugs tiktok. Hmm. There you go. I do need to think about tiktoks because I need to make five viral ones
And make a youtube about it tub girl. There you go. You can call it tub guy
Tub girl already done. Well, no, this is this is actually tub guy
And if you make the tiktok, then you own the rights to tub guy
And then you can make the tub guy film
Judd apatow directs a tub guy production
Okay
Admit it. This could happen. This is not gonna happen. No, but it could there's a world where this exists
breaking news
Trump threatens republican representative exposing his budget lies
Boring what?
Let's get back to tub guy. Oh man. Come on. This is just a little bit of actual news
Oh
One house repries a republican is calling out the trump administration lies that the big beautiful budget will won't raise the deficit
Speak on CNNs blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah what they're lying. Are we supposed to be surprised?
Well, you know, it's just good to probably keep track of all of their lies. Is it actually now that I say that out loud
I I don't know how useful it is to keep track of all of the lies
Uh, may I request a classic case freestyle rap?
Do you have a beat request? Uh, yeah, absolutely. I haven't sleazy. Well, I guess I can just do it
I guess I can just do it
They didn't say classic so it's gotta be you
Okay, we'll just put the beat in there and you'll get a fully case freestyle
In in where you might ask I guess just put it in the um
It's easier for me if you put it in the bin news
Section like just in the news thread
This is because that's where I'm already on but wherever you want to put it. Just let me know
Okay
We can't say no to see let's say say no to cv loves you. That's true. You are forbidden by me
You can get
case of pitch with mckay
it's all just
Make the pooping tiktok in the tub case
Tub guy could happen. Why do you want tub guy? I don't
I'm telling you the secret to your success
This is your only option
I don't need to be uh
I don't need to make a movie
If you were giving up on your dream, it wasn't my dream to make tub guy
Give it up on his dream already
Fine, I guess we'll just do the news
George went a comedian and actor beloved as norm on cheers dies at 76
You know the cheers finale got over 70 million viewers
How many do you think tub guy would get just drop the tub guy thing?
Hmm
Rambo origins movie in the works from director of sisu
Elder Scrolls online
So much movie news. You know what it makes me think of yes. I do I do
Hmm
Chicago Sun Times prints summer reading list full of fake boobs
What
Mike sure maybe if I get sure when the socks are playing good. He takes a pitch
That's a real useless
For tub guy for probably a different idea than tub guy. Mm-hmm. Well, by just saying it's the idea on the table
So what does this thing about boobs mean?
So the Chicago Sun Times published an editorial summer reading list containing at least 10 fake books
Attributed to real authors according to multiple reports on social media. Let's see if we can find a picture
Mm. Okay. I don't see the fake boobs
But let's read these titles. I guess
Matt Liddell endorses the tie idea. Well, man, I just have to figure out how to get your full body
into
Tie form
So if anybody knows how to do that, then I'm open to it. You're open to that, but you're not open to my movie pitches
Tidewater dreams by Isabel Alende the beloved Chilean American author returns with a multi-generational saga
sent into coastal town or magical realism environmental meets environmental activism
None of this is about
Voluptuous sagging breasts
Voluptuous and sagging
Yes, I just want to see them. I want to see what they're talking about
Oh, so they're all fake. They're all fake. Apparently. I guess all the books are fake
Uh novelist Rachel King called attention to it. The Chicago Sun Times obviously gets chat gpt to write summer reads features almost entirely made up
Of real authors, but completely fake books. What are we coming to?
Where's the boobs?
Where's the breasts?
Where's the sagging voluptuous breasts?
How did
I misread it from the beginning
Why did you read books as boobs?
It was your fault
What?
It was books the whole time
fake books
Can't believe you made me say that you said it so many times and you didn't correct me once
Scrum, what do we do when we mess up? Do we
Take responsibility. I'm not your child. Don't talk to me in this pedantic matter
I will kill you. Whoa. I said I would do it publicly and I would scream while I do it. So don't make me do it
It's a pretty big threat. Crom. Scrum. Don't call me that man's name
He is but the man whose contract I signed
Okay, you know, we're getting heated. Let's just there's so many just still like eight more stories. So just we'll just rapid fire these, okay
Shenadigans, where's the booba?
That was case's fault. You you did it boobs can make a man crazy. So it's understandable
I'm the sanest I've ever been but where are the breasts the fake ones
Whack-a-mole film and development from the tell and tri-star pictures
That made me gasp. You're allowed to laugh at things. I but I don't it's not a thing I do
Boy there if that's getting made case then yes tub guy. I understand
So
Why do you want to see this? I don't I want to show you that I'm correct
Netflix is making clash of clans animated series
See all of these are popular IPs though and one not that they should be movies
We live in a clown society full of ridiculous and awful decisions constantly being made and all of our brains are being
Cooked in a vat of our own stupidity, but um
Tub guy's not an IP scrum
And yet it sounds like one okay, okay, I don't even know why I'm entertaining this with you
Sorry this one is not loading. Oh here we go
UFO news let's get off entertainment news
clam wars oh
Release a game called clam wars
And then you could sell the rights to the clam wars movie
If you refuse to do tub guy clam wars is also not popular because you haven't made it yet
Anyway, UFO crashes into the u.s. Air Force fighter jet over Arizona during terrifying encounter
This is courtesy of the daily
courtesy of the Daily Mail
See if there's a video of this
Stop it full screen
It's not full screen
Full screen. Oh, it won't full screen
Oh, it won't full screen. Okay
UFO slamming a new u.s fighter jet over Arizona cracking the canopy
According to the federal aviation administrator the f-16 viper jet was just hit by a big ol UFO
An uncrewed aerial system better known as a drone within a day of the collision there were more unidentified aircraft sightings
The new details come following a stunning report from the department about all these crazy drone aliens
Hundreds of UFOs roll reports were made in recent years. I'm not afraid of aliens
Really?
Don't fear you
Consciousness is
Not to be feared
Kendall's here. Hey Kendall
It's Kendall. She's not even approaching
We can't play the song if she doesn't approach
She just got home. She might have stuff to do
Hmm voice actor union files unfair labor practices charge over fortnite's a i darth vader
What's unfair about it? He's his own man. He's literally not
She ran over behind you real quick
Why because her name is what? Oh, I see what happened
Good job Kendall
I wasn't playing you off. I was gonna let you talk. Oh, she has nothing to say
So I won't cut your music off next time
What do you think you when you want to stream tonight?
She might not want to do it
But she wants to
I understand
I'll feel the same way a lot of the time
Bye
Scrammy really bringing the energy. What?
I'm filled with fury and power
The energy is what I make it
Uh, okay. Well, can you read this dillbert story then? Yes
Dillbert creator scott adam says he's dying of the same kind of cancer joe biden has
Tragedy's always come in threes
Who's next?
I don't really want to make a cancer joke about some other guy getting it. Who's next case?
List of third old man
No, cancer's a real thing. I don't want to rule of threes
Trump
You had to make it political. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe he'll get it too. I'm just saying maybe he'll get it too
Disappointing a post-dinner habit. You didn't know you needed to meet the fart walk
We've actually talked about this before but I haven't heard of it. You might have been the one who covered it
The freestyle at case blackwell
Let's see
Um, I request all bincast freestyle certified gangster beat
All bincast. Okay. We'll have to cycle it then
Disappointed if he doesn't I guess I just did call it. Uh, okay. Is there where's the where's the beat?
Is it in
Robbie's?
Yes, it is. Okay. I got it. We'll do it to end the stream
We still have to go watch trailers actually. So can you please
Hurry up scrum. I said I would move at my own pace. I am doing exactly that. There has been no lie
And after this I will be going on a fart walk
But a fartless fart walk
Where I feel the farts approaching and I resist them
That's a true fart walk a walk of the soul
Man vs. Bowels
That sounds bad for you, man. I don't do that. Mm-hmm
The daily star is asking for your credit card information
Don't give it to it. Mm-hmm. Okay. I'd like to
Uh, uh, um camel hoofs and bull penis soup foods even weirder than bear grills testicle snack
That's just an op. That's just a fact
Though those are two foods that are weirder the news is those two foods are weirder
But did you also know
Donald trump demands major investigation into Beyonce and spring stein appearances in late night rant
Because they did stuff
For the dillbert guy no for joe biden. I'm getting them confused
Oh, do you want to see them just fully wrap just the
Just wrap the track certified gangsta or do you want them to do their own spin on it?
C.V. Loves you because they could just read the lyrics. I don't know if we could read all the lyrics
necessarily
Okay, this is being obstinate as usual
Primary school evacuated after student brings in grenade for show and tell
I don't see the problem. You don't see the problem. I thought about it. I don't see the problem
Is it an active grenade? What's a grenade?
Well, if he's been responsibly trained to use the grenade
Then what's the problem? It's a grenade in a school
A houston man is suing water burger for nearly one million dollars
After he says he ate a burger with onions after asking for one without onions
They read it for me
Okay, what a burger getting sued for onions
I wish I could
I wish I could for every time I've been slandered with pickles. I didn't request
Cheese I did ask for that's not there
Clamor sounds like a porn parody incorrect
I think
I don't want to sell a porn parody. Hmm. That just sounds like school in America
I don't know what you're referring to but it could apply to any story we've read
Wow, what a snowflake
Snowflakes lawsuits so tired of snowflake lawsuits we used to sue for real reasons in this country
Oh, do you want to be the new um
AI Rooney
It's your kind of sounding sort of like him
Yes, okay. Well, you can't
It's a different segment. What is wrong with you? Why would you tease me like this?
I refuse to be teased Sesame Street saved inks new streaming deal with netflix
Just needed to go private
publicly broadcast on netflix. Thank you very much. Yeah, I mean if it
Is it saved in this? I mean
Oh, well, whatever. I guess I'm glad it's still going
And finally
Boe biden. No Joe biden. Oh, well, they didn't specify which biden
Fine biden diagnosed with aggressive form of prostate cancer
It looks pretty good. You got some jokes for this one funny guy
I don't care you don't care pretty callous
Uh
I don't know he's old and he got cancer that sucks for him
I bet death sucks for a lot of people
I can think of a you know 50,000 plus that it probably sucks for that. He doesn't seem to care about
But whatever, so I mean you can't really take like it's not like oh, he has cancer
So now the the scals of justice have tipped in our favor. Whatever is
He got cancer
So callous
He's gonna run for president in four years. Well once he kicks this cancer
That's the perfect story
To get you back into the political arena if he can beat cancer
He can beat trump for a third time. We only beat him once
And ideally trump wouldn't be running again. Yeah, but he's going to right
I mean, I don't know why that's like a just a conclusion. We've all kind of resigned herself to hopefully not but he probably will
He'll be so old
And he said he wouldn't but he probably will
And on that note. Bye. Bye
Finally ready to end this stream the right way. God damn
So much fucking blah blah news. What about trailers?
I would watch tub guy for the record
It's not even a thing. It's not a that's not famous in any way
What do you even mean by that? I'm just saying I like the title. I would watch it. So if there's an executive out there
Just saying from one teen I would watch it a teen your teen expertise. Yeah, my teen expertise. I would watch tub guy
Okay
What is a movie and where is it?
A classic question
It's in the trailers thread exactly
And up to three of the trailers in this thread will be watched
today
But what is the best trailer?
And was there one that was requested? Oopsie. I hit the button. I made it bad. I broke it
Wait a minute. I gotta fix this real quick
There we go now should work again
Distracting dude. There's a trailer for tomagachi paradise
That's what you want to start with. That's not even a movie man
Unless it is well, I don't actually I'm assuming it's just a tomagachi ad but it says it's a trailer so it counts
Look at them go
Do you feed them just by twisting that knob?
Can you feed a whole tomagachi just by twisting a knob because that's kind of cool
It costs 50 000 something you can spread aliens to each other
Okay, make it a movie
Make tomagachi paradise a movie. Tell me you wouldn't watch that. I would absolutely I just I there's no way I would watch that
I don't know anything about tomagachi
Fucking hater dude. Most people would absolutely watch that make it a movie
Okay, well, you know, whatever there's
No bottom of the barrel to hit. So what just I guess it's fine
It'd be beautiful tomagachi's are beautiful little friends
Okay, well, let's try a trailer trailer. I guess I will pick it and I'll pick the war one. That's several of them
Just pick a war one then it's war time
chief of war
You still the chief who desires peace
over war
Oh, it's war time. That's on apple tv
And I forgot to start rating on the tomagachi one. So just combine your two ratings into this one rating
It's a little confusing
Apple tv the home of jason mimowa doing fights
I think it looks pretty good. It does but because it's on apple tv. I don't like it
Seems pretty unfair. I know and yet that's the way it is
That's just the way it is
I don't like stuff on apple tv
But why I don't know I don't like it because it's an iPhone
But you use an iPhone. Yeah, I know
It's not fair man, but it's the way it is
Anyway, I will probably watch it, but you don't like it. Yeah, it'll be mad the whole time 3.5 stars
for the combined rating of tomagachi and
chief of war will let you decide which ones pulling the other one down
Anyway, I think it's kind of fun to see that
The time period explored from a different perspective
Because usually we kind of see it from the perspective of the white guys in the funny hats
And not the jason mimowa's
Oh, yeah, I do see a lot of the white guys in funny hats
Well speaking of historical artifacts and important history
It's time for a classic asterial of a movie that I've been told is incredible
And of the cop it is is a samurai. Oh samurai cop. Yeah, let's watch that shit
He buy his real name is Joe Marshall
They call him samurai. He speaks fluent Japanese omaha. Yamaha. Whatever his face. His name is right. Are you fuji?
Fujiyama. He got his martial arts training from the masters in japan
He was brought over here from the police force in san diego to fight us. I want him dead
I want his head cut off and brought here
I want his head on this piano
I will bring you his head and I will place it on your piano
And we'll see who the real samurai is
Oh got him
Damn god damn you guys
Is this a fan trailer?
Who hired you tell me who hired you to kill a cop?
Hey, look police don't move you're under arrest stop
Whoa, we'll see you in court
Well, this one's dead too not captured alive
Have you been circumcised?
Well your doctor mr. Cut a big portion of it off
No, he uh, he was a good doctor
Now i'm telling these son of a bitches that if they continue killing our children
I'll have their stinking bodies and garbage bags and ship them back to japan for fertilizer
Got it
Nice
I feel like somebody stuck a big club up my ass and it hurts
I gotta figure out a way to get it out of there
Oh, it wasn't done. I cut him off too early
Let that man finish his line. He worked hard to be in that movie
That's samurai cop. I'm assuming that's a fan trailer. What makes you say that?
Or not it's a confusing
It's hard to tell because the movie itself is you've seen samurai cop dude every young person has seen samurai cop
That doesn't sound right and that's because you don't understand kids
House of Kong
Gorillas house of Kong
Exhibition trailer
What?
Dude, there's so many types of trailers
It's crazy
4.43
I think that's what that film got when it came out
Back in that I think what 2002
You think that movie was made in 2002?
2002?
Yeah, maybe what?
2012?
How did you think what do you think movies look like in 2012? I don't know probably like that
Okay, well anyway, let's see what an exhibition trailer even is
Yeah, we're gonna freestyle right after this right after this exhibition trailer, which we do have to watch
Somewhere between order and chaos there is another world
Exhibition like no other house of Kong. Is that a fan made trailer?
Well, there's tickets. Is it a fan made exhibit? I don't understand
Both of us are equally confused for once
It's an exhibit. It's the house of Kong exhibition
It's an exhibition like no other
Which they did say
Are the gorillas actually
Attached to this?
What is house of Kong?
It's an ex okay, wait. I gotta show you guys this this Q&A is very forthcoming
Where is house of Kong is behind this place?
What is house of Kong an exhibition like no other to celebrate the world of gorillas?
100 members 100 gorillas
Two stars
But it was an exhibition like no other. I haven't seen a trailer quite like that. So
They're right
Okay, well, that's three trailers. I don't know how many of those count as trailers
Should we end on Zootopia 2?
Does that is that an art exhibition?
About race applied in a confusing way to animals
I mean, yeah, it's a movie about that
It's a movie where they're like what if racial differences were real and hard-coded into the genetics of animals
I was always a little confused by the
racial logic of the Zootopia franchise
Are they trying to say
Some races are predators
I don't think you I just don't I think the trick is you shouldn't think about it too much
It's like foxes and bunnies are like totally different species. So if they're supposed to be races
What are they trying to say?
Friendship, okay, I guess it's about friendship. Let's just see Zootopia snake. Is it a metal gear?
Movie as well
No, the snake formed a two
I'm just supposed to assume that means it's the second one
Yes, I think it's called Zootopia snake
I mean, I have nothing to say to that because it's just so dumb
Most of five, I've already got a five
It's got two ratings and they're both five. So that does do it
Okay, Zoot, Zootopia Zootopia. Zootopia. Why don't they call it Tupia?
Uh
Because that's bad. Tupia is bad to you
What even is good to you?
Not that
4.67
It's gonna be a hit. It probably will be a hit that movie is also a huge hit internationally
They've even got a giant Zootopia
Theme park section in Shanghai because it's so popular in China
Why do you know that?
I keep up with things young blood
Look, apparently we need to wrap
I know that not everybody likes that
Everybody loves that. No, some people
it's probably
The worst but we're gonna do it anyway. Well, I'm not I'm gonna send it to case. He's gonna make all the other people do it
Whoa, what was that?
The cats just went a little insane. Was it are they okay?
Hey Kendall the cats were going fucking crazy there for a second. Okay, it's time to wrap it up
Yeah, we got to get out of here. You've been streaming for too long. Yeah, honestly the 20 minutes I've been on
Has drained me and I must go let's send it back to the main room or whatever
And then the rap will apparently occur and then we're gonna get the fuck out of here and we'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
I'll see you know what it is
They have a Zootopia easy e-wrap
Well, the one you linked is certified gangsta
this one
So this is the one I
Guess I'll use
Is the original one go? I haven't heard this in a while
um
And that not rapping about anything in particular just all the hosts I guess
Goldilocks
That's not it
certified gangsta jim jones
Okay
If the game
Is
Okay, I gotta do it I guess
Um
Lupita any thoughts? I don't know. I'll do it. You'll do it. I guess everybody will do it
All of us have to do it
About I don't know what thank you. Um
Chad if you have any stuff
That you think is relevant for us to rap about put it in there
I will rap about the stuff you type to that's pretty
That's fine. That's fine. It's certified gangsta
Which I
Am not no case is not that but
It's never stopped him from rapping before
So I'll do it now
About planes and white genocide
Okay, well, we we got some submissions already. So let's do this thing
I'll fucking set us off man. Play this
Play this beat
Oh
Here we go
If I the track it's
Producer I'm the whole damn show got two hands kidding. I got pause, you know, let's go
We don't stop papillo on the track in the summer's too hot might be made
But we don't play what do you say papito on the track bomb and smoking a j his case
And I'm here too. Yep. That's case. I'm also here. Yes, you are
I'm here to who else is here and what do you want to do?
My name fucking chat and I've got muscles putting in the work because I know how to hustle
You step to me, you know that that shit's a struggle because we see shit. You know, you're in trouble
Oh
Sonica namey rose making out in the field while I strike a pose like boom
With the muscles are back
Muscles on my back and muscles on my crack ass muscle and here's case
I'm also here. That's true case is here too. Yeah, I'm
Also here case. He's fucking here too. So is all y'all. I'm lily on a I'm on the mic European. That's kind of right
Subs pouring in whenever you see my face because I like to fuck old people that doesn't rhyme
Don't need it to
Oh, yeah, you know, I'm getting frantic every time I see some sexy geriatric
I grab the chains and I grab the whips and I put them in my basement and give them a tip
Just a tip. That's how they get
Tease them out because I'm the best. I see somebody like Sheldon Adelson
And now I'm living in sin, you know
I know because you're here too. I am also here and cases here too. Yeah
Cases here too. And so is Peter. Unfortunately, Peter. And you know, I'm stepping to the mic out of the wall
Only at night
Usually I stay in the wall all day because case gets mad when I show my face
Jokes on him because I can see it all infinite vision while I'm inside of the wall
I see the place from the front to the back. I have eyes everywhere because I controlled the rats. Oh
Sniff sniff
What sniff sniff
And case is here too. Yep. And case is here too
So is Jeff that's fucking right
See this face and you know the light is because I keep you going on and on the ripples
Ripples are what you ride you see Jeff and you are swelling with pride because the ripples have hit your face
And my face creates ripples because my name is Jeff
What are you talking about? Ah and cases here too
And cases here too gangster ripples. What?
Gangster nipples. Okay. Scrum
Not a bum two thumbs two thumbs down
Frown around town scrum. I'm out
You clown. That was it and cases here too. Yes, I am and I'm here
But I'm also here
Jeff was before me
I'm rick
Somebody already rived something with tip
Well, I'll give you more than the tip
I'll give you that whole rick dick
Deep state motherfucker. I'm a person toucher when I see your emails. I'm giving it butter
I'm gaking them slick and I'm reading that shit. I can see everything you did. Uh, oh
I've got access to all the information of everyone from across the nation
You did something and I saw the temptation. I know your web history now. That's some fun elation
Deep state a deep dick feels great rick
out
In cases here too. No doubt. Yes. Haha. Okay. Who else?
Um
Run it back. Run the beat back. I'm on a beat boy
I did some nasty stuff
Jake I did sex what I had sex with a girl
When I see a girl I pretty much always know what to do with
All my parts have to fuck them up
Oh, yeah, go
What up?
I took your girl and she said
I'm gonna suck that thing and she did man
Everybody
Jake it's okay
Uh, we'll try anything
Nasty motherfucker between the shoes
I don't act to scream
I can't fucking play cases here too
Um
Okay
And crumb John the mic and I'll show okay. We're done. We're done. That's enough. We did a we did more than the song
I don't have to count
Really?
That's as good a stopping point as any. I didn't ask you to come here. I guess let's rage somebody
Clementine
Clementine is
Soft band from the stream
But if he if he wraps really quietly he can wrap us out of here. Oh, what an honor for me
I'll always wrap with a whisper. There's a secret rise
Ah, ha, ha, hair really mussy
Let's raid it out. The stream is over. So let's give it a shout
Fights on one, no rain shouting them out. Who's on the mic? Are we sending it to?
On the line drake, this is why you're banned from the stream because
I don't know what you're bringing the table anymore clementine
Value all right, who's a t-law tastes is who we're raiding
Is that right? Okay
Oh
I've been banned
Don't give the shit because the man who banned me looks like a well-cooked ham
I'm glad that I still have this particular screen that I haven't used in a long time
Um, I don't cut off my rhymes
Cutting off my rhymes is the crime
If you're gonna freestyle, can you at least just freestyle clementine? Who knows words come and go
What do they even mean? That's the question. I'm gonna count down all right
Oh, yeah, shit's getting frantic shut out to chat and I'm propping geek cast it
And you live and you learn thanks for hanging out to skimer
Woohoo, it must have been fate hanging out our stream long. It was msg3108
It ended in a I thought line drake drake's on the line
Okay, thanks for all that my friends shout outs from stormburn all the way to funnel web
And we know that we did it and we're feeling so free. Thanks greg t you thank you as well
MSg you already thanked MSg. Well, I actually meant to thank deadless ke
But your freaking mouse covered up the name. I couldn't see it. All right
Okay, cb loves you. Thank you for the request master of the mic and you know, you're the best
We're happy to rhyme if you make the request I'ma say this with my whole damn chest
unbanned verne
unbanned me
Unbanned me case. Who do you think you are rob elvie?
The raid's already happened. So you're out of here. This is unfair. I just want to point out again that this is extremely unfair
I didn't do anything. All right secret stream over on being censored as usual say hi to