I'm papita the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
We're live in ten nine eight seven six five
four three two
One let's do it's news the Tuesday
Whatever you want good to see everybody
Vink 218 shaggy 175 John Michael live in sleazy commander gab
Reverie wolf
It's a technically a day. I don't usually stream although who really knows at this point
But yesterday I had to do
Kendall had the day off things so today
She's at work
So we can we can do whatever news we want. She can't tell us not to
We can cover all the late and breaking international news isn't that fun?
Yeah, I was Martin Luther King day yesterday
kind of like
So if I go into the mall
It's a support the capitalist system that hangs over all of our heads like a scythe
It was also gun appreciation day. Those are the same day
That's America. Oh, we're going to work here. Well, you know once you start one why not start them all?
She can't stop us. She could she could also just call me and say
Stop streaming
And I'd honestly probably do it
I'm that committed guys. So you celebrate the CIA cover-up by buying the boo boo's. Yeah, I'm still um, I'm a
Trying to be a Chinese covert agent, but I still somewhat work for the CIA unfortunately. She has to make her dinner
Kendall called me at 430 and said stop streaming make me dinner. I might tell her that that's a little unreasonable. Oh
China in America CIA that's
Now if I ever make a stream t-shirt guys
Reverie Wolf knows the exact acronym to use
CIA Chinese
I think I can't sell that I think I would get in trouble as a white guy trying to sell that and I think that would be fair
Pause the stream I have to go put something in the oven
Hold this till he's back
What is this stream streak? It's too much. Wait, what's what's the stream streak?
Shit my alerts aren't on
None of my alerts are 120. Oh
My god, I wish I had something more substantial offer than just this
Good job graphic that I appreciate
the incredible support
that is
truly extensive
And I do love to see it for real
I've been here for like eight
I've been I watch paid streams. You've been here for every stream, but you know, yeah
DJ music I read it pretty good for a dog. That's true
One day, do I still have the duck time? I
Still do
You ever seen those in my dreams
Well, anyway, it's a brand new week
The old bussy graphic
I don't think I have that
Chat there wasn't even a redeem there. I'm not counting that
I'm gonna pretend that chef chef press that button
Can still do that
Sometimes it's good to test
The many things you forgot are on your stream
That one's there too add your lotion
Well anyway, why don't we just get into it today? There's probably a lot of news to cover. It's news time
We're gonna get ping ping for this turn it off Jake
Jake we can't have this much copyrighted music
It's not different copyrighted tracks layered over each other
It's
Jake's here
Jake do you really want to talk about potential?
World War is that happening and it's hard to say
This is stressful
Maybe you should do different segment. It's too late. I already glued myself to the seat so that I'd focus
With what type of glue cement
Jake it's just I think you just have a bunch of like you just have a bunch of mud on your pants
That's not cement
It'll dry and that'll be stuck that is mud, right? Yeah
Okay, well Jake I hope you can read
Can you read? Yeah, okay, I guess that is a yes. Um, anyway
The big news over the week end slash Monday seems to be
Continuing and mounting pressure for the United States to
enforceably acquire a
Tiny European state that is owned by Denmark technically
Greenland not the movie unfortunate timing for the drop of Greenland to we all feel for that particular apocalyptic film
Instead the Greenland everyone's talking about is the real one and our desires for it. What?
Never mind. I I'm honestly talking too much. Let's read a headline. I guess can you do that?
Trump's Greenland threats spark outrage and defiance
from the EU
And that's the news
There's probably a little bit more you can read
Attention tensions with Europe in allies flared over President Donald Trump's push to control Greenland
And I saw the first one and that was scary enough. I guess let's update the picture. Is that a ski resort?
Trump sought to reassure NATO partners Tuesday saying he believes an agreement will be worked out that will make everybody feel really nice
That's sweet. It's probably not very sweet
President Donald Trump's pledge to provoke a sweeping terrify with Europe to get his way and take control of Greenland is live many of America's closest allies
Warning of the rupture with Washington. What are you? Where are you making that face? I'm so confused. What are you?
What emotions are you going through right now? Can you play the shark song again? It's no
Donald Trump had
some things to say
And we have a video
He's been doing a um, he's been pressing conferences
Been pressing them hard with his with his big shoulders
What he doesn't have big shoulders. Isn't he like a really big strong man?
He's like an 80 year old insane man
Well, he gave a press conference
How far are you willing to go to a fired green?
You'll find out
If a consequence of your determination to take control of Greenland is the ultimate breakup of the NATO alliance
Is that a price you're willing to pay?
You mean the breakup of
It's very interesting. So I think something's going to happen. It's going to be very good for everybody
I think that we will work something out when NATO is going to be very happy
And where we're going to be very happy, but we need it for security purposes
We need a financial security and even world security. It's very important. How about it?
You said your comment something's going to get worked out in Greenland, but Greenlanders have made it clear
They don't want to be part of the u.s. Well, I haven't I haven't the right to take away that self-determination when I speak to them
So they'll be thrilled
Are you committed to keeping the u.s in NATO?
I've had such a good relationship. I've made it so much better so much stronger. It's so good now
NATO is so much stronger now
I don't agree with a lot of the things they've done, but that was done before I got there
I think NATO has been
Good sometimes it's overrated sometimes it's not but we have a strong NATO
NATO's
Whether you like it or not, it's only as good as we are
If NATO doesn't have us NATO is not very strong
The big fear I have with NATO is we spend tremendous amounts of money with NATO
And I know we'll come to their rescue
I just really do question whether or not they'll come to ours
You know, I'm just asking he's still going just saying he's almost done during the debate just saying
Ah, is he done?
How long has he talked?
Longer than that it was like a really long press conference. Those are that's just two minutes of highlights
Um, he's legitimately insane
Yes
Yeah, I don't think there's really a lot more and I know everybody is
spending over backwards to provide
Some logistical justification, I mean they literally can't give them more
Um
Cons they can't give a more detailed explanation than security purposes
I guess owning another country is valuable in the sense that
owning more things
Gives you more stuff
But I mean it's so silly because we already essentially treat all european nations like our vassal states
Evidence by the fact they're not really pushing back as hard as one might expect as one might expect against
Just declaring that we're going to take over one of their
Sovereignly protected nations and a member of a current alliance that we have that has sort of underpins the entire world order
one would think
He's making everyone mad. Yes. That is it does seem to be the case. What will everyone do?
What will european nations do in response?
Seems to be more confusing. I've seen
Many takes over the weekend ranging from
This will lead to the total destruction of uh, the united states economy and um
Lead to everyone like cutting united states market like people applying essentially
um trade embargoes to the united states
Or making the us passports completely pointless and uh, you know, people people abroad will be like forcibly ejected
I just don't
I don't think
I don't think the international rules rules based order is the thing underpinning uh, the current global hegemony in the way people expect
Would be my opinion
uh
I think serving international monetary interests is the main goal of
Most leaders of european and american countries
That could only be pushed so far to be fair, but
I just don't I don't know. I don't I honestly can't tell what they would do because this makes so little sense
We are bending today
Uh, we will wind up like germany. I mean, this won't be good. I'm not saying this will just happen and it will be good
There will be consequences. I just don't know if the consequences will be as immediate and sweeping as people say
I also don't know if this will actually happen
Um, it really feels like he's just ranting and raving. It makes no sense for us to do this
We could accomplish all the same goals without
I mean just taking greenland as like a state or
um, uh a colony or or what is it territory, I guess
uh
it's fumbling and incompetent and
It's possible that it's happening because um
Keeter teal and a bunch of crypto billionaires want to start an atlas shrug style nation
in greenland
Is not even outside of the realm of possibility as to why this is happening. Um
I mean that sounds conspiratorial and insane but
None of this really makes a lot of sense. So there's a lot of
There's a lot just floating around as to why this would be getting uh this heart of a full court press from trump
But it is so we'll see
He's gonna kidnap some polar bears and claim its arse now
Yeah, he wants to just uh make the island from lost actually
He's gonna try to heat up greenland and turn it to the island from lost
With the polar bears. I like that you like that. I like that
Polar bears if they're little
I like baby polar bears
Will he also be taking red land?
um
No red man. Is he going to take the rep or red men?
Point to red land?
I I'm redland
No, I don't think he'll take
That either
Don't do that. Why okay
There's already redland can uh can it wait california
You're in danger. You're in california. You're in california. Oh, no
Jake is on it today. Thank you
Um, he also leaked text messages donald trump if you want to read those
Jake
He just leaked him on his truth social
Though to me the main event of truth social
Is um honestly the ads
it's just
I these could be targeted ads maybe this is a self report
But I don't see these ads on other sites
Like I don't get tons of viagra ads yet
Usually I mean i'm sure i'm i'm getting the age bracket where i'm gonna get them more and more but
This site is well also, there's tons of tweet or whatever tweets
Trump tweets from him on here
But it is so incomprehensible the shit that this health today news
Bird bird statue spirit bluebird taking the nation by storm is an ad on here spirit bluebird
That is this is the this is a website that shakes and shapes the modern world
And it's got ads for like viagra spirit bluebirds
Just ai ads of old men holding blue pills at you
So many bird ads
Whatever this is oracle hearing I just not much ads for blankets
Uh, yes, this is a true microcosm for the modern era
Resolute trial
Um, and thank you for the first time chat
A lot of viagra ads however it is also a place where you can see leaked dms between international leaders
The best and brightest if you don't mind reading those jake from president president
Macron to president Trump
Is that how texts?
Did he fake it? Why does this say it like this? I guess maybe because it's from his office
Office
My friend should I read it Italian Italian style of mcronas french?
Oh, we are totally in a line with syria
That's you're still going Italian
We could do good things on a run
I do not understand what are you doing out of greenland?
Let it start to do great things
Please just read it
I can have out of you the craniots
The diners the syrians and the russians in the margins
I let us have a dinner together in pairs together on thursday before you go back to the
Before you go back to the us a manual
He cut off the text here because after this he talks about of course
Long time fans will know one of my favorite series of all times all times the Emmanuel series
A manual in space in the us in the eu
Maybe a manual in greenland. We'll find out
Now it we got you got the swedish there. It was french
well, that's um
Just some of the greenland stuff that's been
Floating around in the atmosphere here's trump talking even more about it
He's really been talking about almost exclusively this and also killing protesters, of course, which he would like to do more of
It has been doing more of via his uh, gestapo, but
In the meantime, he's rambling about greenland and a lot so here he is talking about it more
Something about european leaders pushing back out of the greenland plan and what's his response was the question
We have to have it they have to have this done
They can't protect it then mark their wonderful people
And I know the leaders are very good people, but
They they don't even go there
And you know because the boat went there 500 years ago and then left that doesn't give you title to property
So, uh, we'll be talking about it with the various people
We've had we've had
tremendous success and we've you know, I've done more for nato than anybody else
I don't think you'd have nato right now. I got him to go five percent
And pay as you might know from history buffs in the room will know that trump actually established nato in the year um
2025
I've done more than any other american president for nato by far
And we'll see how that goes, but greenland is very important
No, I don't care about
He also, um
Just is just a trump roundup. Where where are we taking him?
He also accepted, uh, marina marina mac mac mac mac mac mac machiatos, um
Nobel peace price over the weekend we missed that one
um
So in case you're worried that all of this is fomenting
massive international large-scale war
Uh, he actually got his nobel peace prize second hand
from Miss Mikado. I wonder if I can find the video of him
labbing about how excited he is to have his own special price that he's
borrowing from another lady who's also an insane warmonger. They really are
passing it around. Like a toy! I don't know, the news just moves
too quickly so maybe I can't even find his little oval office video of him
talking about how excited he is and how much he deserves it.
Here he's being asked about it though. He's being asked apparently here, how does
winning a Nobel Peace Prize improve the lives of everyday Americans? Let's see,
maybe this is good for us actually everybody.
You promised during your second inaugural to always put America first. I'm curious, how would you winning the Nobel Peace Prize improve the lives of average everyday Americans?
Why is this prize so important? It wouldn't improve the lives of any, what
improved the lives of people. You promised during your second...
Shoot, I thought maybe it would improve our lives everyone.
It won't. That's that kind of Trump honesty you just can't get from other politicians.
Hey, you know this thing you won't shut the fuck up about?
As a duly elected leader intended to serve the people, how is it gonna help
us? Can I help the people? Yeah Jake, what do you want to do? I'll poke my eyes? I can't
leave them open to poke them. I couldn't do it. Wait, Jake, how would that help the people?
Poking your eyes? I'll do it again? No, how does it help the people? I guess it doesn't.
And that's how Trump feel. Please don't do that. Dancing Jake would help.
Jake, don't play the... that song is like three different layered copyrighted tracks.
Please stop playing the baby. No, I was adjusting my shoulders.
Why do you keep doing that? I wanted one too, but case made it sound like it was
bad. It's just really dumb. Jake.
Jake, you gotta wait till the beat drops for you to freak out like this.
That's the end of the song? That's the end of it? Okay, we're gonna go to the...
We're gonna go to the movies because it's been requested. We'll come back and we'll do the chat
news, but you can take the rest of the day off Jake. I can't. Yes, you can. Just leave. The
cement worked. I'm stuck. There's no way you're stuck. Why would he...
Peter, can you just during the break come and get Jake and get him off the seat?
What are you doing over there? I'm down over here. Where's your jacket yellow?
I'm stuck too. I ate the cement and then I pooped in the chair and I pooped out cement
and now I'm stuck to my chair. Don't poop where you're sitting. Wow, somebody's not that busy I guess.
We're up here all day. Okay, we'll figure it out. Peter is wearing a piss jacket. Let's send
us the movies. We'll come back with all the news that Chad has shared in the cream.team
discord. You're welcome to throw some more stories in there. But for now it's time for Trent
at the movies. Get this fucking news off my screen. This is a movie channel actually.
We're basically like HBO Max actually here. It's sort of how this shit here right here works actually.
It's how this shit works. You know what I'm talking about Chris? What? He doesn't fucking get it at all.
I'm Trent. I happen to be... You might have noticed at the fucking movies.
Pepito's here too. What the fuck is Pepito doing here? I'm also here too. I'm in the
interview room. I can access that? Yep. I'm also over here. What the fuck? How is he so fast?
And where can I get that cool piss color jacket? This is exclusively my piss. I don't know. I could
talk to this little fucking dog all the time. You've talked to him before. I don't know.
Anyway, you can share trailers in the cream.team discord in the bin section where there's a
bunch of threads for all the weird things that happen here. One of which is this teenager supposedly.
I'm a team. This guy that I am required legally to watch over as his parole officer is going to
watch trailers now. That is accurate, but I do prefer the term new bi-l teenage boy. I refuse to
say that young blood. You say young blood all the time. I'm too good. I'm not too good to
be your blood boy, but I'm too bad to not be new bi-l. What? Everybody needs to read a book
on this stream. Okay? You are losing the ability to form sentences young blood. I refuse to play by
your green green medical rules. There's a trailer here called bait. It's fucking funny. Holy
shit. They're making a movie about bait? No fucking way. What are they going to think of next?
I guess I've seen a lot of movies. You guys doing that, but like a full ass review, like full ass
prime movie. Anyway, I did know that's how you would take that, and I was hoping it would
snap you out of your current line of reasoning, and it has, here's the new series bait. It is
the BAA actually apparently. What?
Huh? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. It might be cut. It might be cut. Can I have a look at that?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's legit. It's legit. What the fuck? Oh my god. What's
going on, judge? What is this? This is crazy. This is crazy. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Chill, man.
Check the website. It's BBC. We can't trust it. Greg Daniels. What are you doing?
Bro, why didn't you tell me? It's just a new dish. It's just a new dish. It's just a new
dish. It's just a new dish. It's just a new dish. It's a new dish. It's a foul off from
today's audition. That's what it is. It makes sense. Well, man, your bond is white.
Ah, shit. You can't read these sub-pedals, sorry.
This trailer is bait. Just to have the opportunity is, it's a big deal. Is it
She's proud. You know, that's normal.
I'm assuming he's not James Bond.
This trailer is stressful.
Look at me. I'm proud of you.
Yeah, I think I just accidentally clicked on the scenes and we're watching it now.
Of course, you should have, but do they know about the height?
You mean?
They're gonna give you special shoes like James Bond's a big enemy. I'm just saying it for you.
For you. Guys, that was the whole, that was the whole trailer. I might have clicked on a clip.
That could be on me. I was definitely a clip. A clip is a trailer.
That's more of a short film, actually. No, it was a clip of a series. That was bait.
I mean, I thought it looked, it's a clip from a series. It looked fine to me. I'm curious.
I'm curious if that whole series is about this guy becoming James Bond.
I thought in the UK, James Bond was like, I thought the whole thing in the UK right now is that they
like are basically oppressing those types of families. So wouldn't James Bond be like,
doing way worse stuff there? Let's really not get into your takes on international politics,
young blood, and international racism. I've heard international racism is huge right now.
That's why I was surprised. It is, it is, but I really don't think you are the one that needs to
talk about it. So we're going to move on. Why are you in charge today? Because I'm an adult.
I'm in no mood today, young man. I'm sorry. Okay. A lot of creditors calling me this morning.
I'm a little stressed. What? Don't worry about it. The Queen of Chess, the trailer for Marathon,
just something called Pumpkin Trailer. That looks like an older one. Let's see. Is there anything big
I'm supposed to click on? Oh yeah. Kathapacha, the Ring of Rowdy's official Mollye, Mollye Alarm Trailer.
This is the big trailer that dropped today. That does sound like a big trailer,
and I am excited to watch whatever it is. I hope it's not a clip. Is there an
Emmanuel trailer out there? Not one that we can play on Twitch, I'm assuming.
The Emmanuel franchise is about more than just hardcore sex. It's actually a softcore franchise.
Got you. You fucking knew it. I knew that you knew what that was. I'm an old guy. I know,
yes, I know about the Emmanuel series. I'm not ashamed. You fucking watched, you watched it,
dude. I did watch it. Ew, I don't want to know that actually. I watched it all the time.
Stop telling me that. I've seen a lot of Laura Gessner's work. Stop telling me this.
Ah, damn it. Never mind. Just watch the fucking wrestling trailer.
You fucking fucking knew it. I can't understand.
You're gonna sit here. You're gonna sit here. You're gonna sit here.
You're the one who's gonna play. You're gonna sit here.
It's not like we thought it would be. It's not like we thought it would be.
What the hell?
It's better if you know.
I came here to live with my dad. I'm not here to talk to you.
You fucking bitch!
You're not a tank, you're dumb-barakam full-fuck!
Friday Fight Night!
The biggest Friday Fight Night!
John Tom Brutha!
Holy shit, we're always worse!
All of that text is burning.
Couldn't even figure out which one of those was Emmanuel, me either.
It was none of them.
Put some respect on Emmanuel.
Emmanuel is like James Bond. Not anyone can just be Emmanuel.
It's a lineal title. Passed from one babe of a generation to the next.
Who would be the modern Emmanuel then?
Modern? Yeah, who's the modern Emmanuel?
Kathy Bates? What?
I look, I like Kathy Bates.
I said modern. For me, it's Kathy Bates.
Misery? More like Miss Please.
It was a minute- apparently people felt kinda mid about that trailer.
Are the Flash Pulse not working?
That should have worked.
Richie, let me test this.
Have a new capability- no, it is working.
I'm not sure why that didn't work.
Let me not check, cause I'm a teenager.
I will check if something has happened to our beautiful Flash Pole command.
That should work now. Next time. Next time it should work.
Who was the best Emmanuel? September?
That's disrespectful.
Genital Alit, Genital Slit, Laura Gesmer, and then just add options now.
Some reason the fifth one didn't quite make it in there.
The Flash Pulse are misbehaving today.
Add options now was for some reason the fifth option and it did win.
Sort of a sexy name if you say it really fast.
Add option now.
That just sounds like adoption now.
Alright?
Take it back then I guess.
Good luck, have fun, don't die.
Did we watch that?
We already watched Good Luck, Have Fun, Don't Die?
I don't know if we did it. We'll just watch it again I guess.
If we did it, it's right here though.
Oh, we did watch it?
Okay.
We have done seen it.
A movie called Heal.
We already watched a wrestling thing.
Vampires of the Velvet Lounge.
I'm tempted.
You know what? Let me pick.
You picked enough. I am.
That's true. Yes, respect.
Do vampires of the Velvet Lounge?
Well now Reverend Wolfe's requesting it.
Alright I guess today we'll watch all trailers that are kind of not very good.
I think it's the theme for today.
But maybe this one rocks.
To be fair it could rock. I don't actually know. Let's find out.
I was a pretty nice trailer the whole time for the record.
You have combat experience but these things are not human.
We don't want them getting inside your mind.
Green Fairy Vampires?
You're about to go to the Kingdom of Paradise.
No, no, no.
See the stairway to Heaven.
See now this might be an Emmanuel.
You wanna hear my crazy fetish?
I don't know how crazy it is.
Oh my god David Spade everybody.
That is a hot him-y old love.
She's heavily armed.
There could be an army of these beasts.
Do you want me?
You're close to the target.
Yeah it is Stephen Dorfeld's revenge.
I'm Ramsay the Devil baby.
We're pricing this role as death fighters.
Let's just kiss this awkward first kiss over with.
We're gonna have to vanquish them ourselves.
You did something to me.
What are you scared?
What's wrong?
Don't you wanna live forever?
Send me back to hell.
It's got that lady from Sunset.
Internet doesn't mean much if you don't have someone to share it with.
Oh god.
You're just gonna keep hiding in the dark and killing humans indefinitely?
Yes.
On an AK and a wooden stake.
Dead, un-dead, un-dead.
Okay I can admit what I'm wrong.
It was one of the greatest trailers I've ever seen.
Alright.
You don't agree?
Um, it's good to see Stephen Dorff back at it.
In the role he was meant to play.
Vampire guy.
He did look like a...
I saw him and I was like, yeah he's a vampire.
Yeah he brings that energy.
Coke vampire is one of his strongest roles.
Cougar vampires?
Maybe I think they also might have just been
awkwardly lit women in their 20s.
Plus that lady from Severance.
One more trailer?
I mean...
Most people would say...
We did it, we did it Joe.
The Academy loves it.
We got five stars.
You should end while you're ahead.
I'm actually always ahead of the game so I can keep going.
I wish we hadn't already watched Tyler Perry's Joe's road trip.
But unfortunately we did already watch that one.
I remember that one because it burned into my mind.
But what else?
The Duke Mitchell Film Club The Humanoid.
I think this could be a trailer of the day and it's real short.
Even though we've already seen a five star player.
A five tool trailer as I like to say.
Let's try again with this one.
I should create you an army of humanoids.
Indestructible human robots.
Robots! He said robots!
This is the day of the humanoid.
When man faces his greatest challenge from outer space.
See them duel with laser guns and lethal arrows of shimmering flegethon.
Discover the secret of Tonton.
Who disarms a mutant space creature programmed to kill.
Cheer Kip, the robot odd, is the blast invader from the blue planet Noxos.
This time they come too close.
The humanoid.
Okay, that was that fucking rough.
VFX Artists at Indem-
Wait, we can't watch the mask with OVFX.
We have other things to do.
I'm tempted but it was quite the auto-play but I have to pass.
Man, he said robots so good in that.
That was a classic.
I think that actually came out before Star Wars.
George Lucas actually saw that and was inspired.
I feel like they were capitalizing on the trend established by Star Wars.
You can't prove that.
I thought you were alive when that came out.
I thought you were already in your 30s or something.
I don't remember that one, the humanoid.
Though I am curious.
This is the type of day where you just can't help but win.
Look, regardless of what's going on in the world,
when you come here, you're family.
What?
Five stars.
I wish it went above five.
Chris's too busy going into debt with Penthouse Magazine subscriptions?
No.
Though I have bought a credit card out of a Penthouse Magazine.
That is because actually the deal was insane.
You have a Penthouse credit card?
Yes.
It will take them from you eventually if you don't pay them.
Man, I miss that Penthouse Select credit card.
Do you know that you could use it to get early access to letter submissions?
How much porn do you watch?
It's not porn.
I engage with the erotic community, youngblood.
And frankly, I feel like you're old enough to hear this.
No, man, I'm a new-bile team.
See, that's the magazine you don't even remember.
Seriously though, I need to get out of here.
You need to get out of here.
I need to go.
I got to make some calls.
I mean, I'm in a lot of debt.
You're gonna lighten the mood by saying anything else?
No.
Why is everybody in debt on this stream?
These are the people CASE can afford.
Okay, well Tristrona bring us fucking down today,
but actually I'm a humanoid sent from the future to shoot laser.
And the laser beam we shot today was five stars of pure success and excellence.
And that is because you do in fact know what it is.
And now apparently what it is is more news time.
See you soon.
This is how streamers are supposed to look.
We got to get a dirtier background.
I got to get my hair longer and I got to have it like this all the time.
It's pretty close to how my hair still looks cool like this.
How'd you get Jake out of the seat?
It was a mess.
It was a mess.
It's insane that I even...
He just was... the noises he was making were like a combination of a hurt kitten
and like a horny moose.
It brought out my parental instincts.
That brought out your parental instincts? Weirdly.
Had to get a crowbar.
I used a lot of conditioner.
Surprisingly hairy.
And a straight up blowtorch and we got him out.
We're doing the Lord's work today everybody.
The work of Jesus Christ.
Me too.
Look we just got chat news to click on.
We've had a number of stories shared in the cream.team discord.
Honestly, more news than even the greatest newsman of all time could cover.
You're fucking challenging me.
God damn Jeff Ripple.
What the fuck? What?
Jeff? Is that what you're trying to do?
No. Some scary stuff Jeff.
What's scary about being a man of many faces?
Can you stop zooming on me Pepito? I honestly don't have anything to say.
You're just throwing me off.
Fuck you Jeff.
Wow. Don't push back on Pepito.
We'll bring up the things.
Does he even have teeth? God is ass.
Do you even have piss? You dried up pieces.
Suck.
Ouch. No better than to go after Pepito now.
Yeah. I'll burn you down.
I'll burn all your piss down.
My bad. We should just go with the news. That's what I'm here for.
Not to trade barbs with this vicious animal.
I did upset Pepito and I have very few regrets but now that's one of them.
Rio de Janeiro zoo animals are treated to popsicles as city faces scorching summer weather.
No need to get too deeply into this one.
Simply look at this monkey enjoying a popsicle.
And rejoice. It's one of the few nice things you'll get in this cruel world.
Four out of a full of animals that just tear you down.
They call out your biggest fears.
Your biggest fears? Your biggest fears being a dried up piece of piss?
No, not having piss.
Anyway, look at this. Look at this guy. This is pretty good.
Isn't that pretty good? I'll admit that's pretty good.
I'm not gonna deny that. That's pretty good.
But we have to click on more news than that unfortunately.
Book return to California library was nearly 46 years overdue.
That can't be that unusual, right? Which book was it?
A worker at a California library opened a package
and was surprised to find a book that had been due nearly 46 years as how long it had been due.
Cassie Acoldewan, branch manager at the San Diego County Library La Mesa location
said she opened the package in earlier January and received the long overdue book.
What was it?
What was the book?
Um, I might have skipped over it.
Emu Handcuffed in Handcuffs Sox Coll- Wait.
Emu in Handcuffs Sock Collector.
Oh, it's the odd news minute with Ben Hooper. I'm not- I'm not giving Ben any more exposure.
You don't wanna watch the odd news minute with Ben Hooper? I love Ben Hooper.
Case, come on. Ben Hooper is just a low rent me.
I don't know. I really like the way Ben does it.
It's not even a minute. Look, it's two minutes.
It's two and minutes and 21 seconds.
It's- why you even call it a minute?
Come on, we love Ben Hooper here.
Case, it- no, please, Case, don't do this. I'm doing the odd news.
I'm Ben Hooper and this is your UPI Odd News Minute for Thursday, January 15th, 2026.
A 25 year veteran of the Florida Police Department experienced a career first
when a loose animal call resulted in him handcuffing in Emu.
St. John's County Sheriff's Office said on social media that Corporal Keisler
responded to a report of an Emu on the loose on Friday.
The post said Keisler attempted to secure the Emu,
but the large bird ignored his commands, kicked several times using its large talons,
and fled on foot recklessly.
Keisler ended up lassoing the Emu and using his handcuffs to secure its legs.
He said,
In my 25 years, I've never handcuffed an Emu. This is definitely a new one.
That's fu- Jeff, what are you doing? I cut it.
Papito? Look, I know we've had some problems lately, but we can agree.
Ben Hooper doesn't belong here.
Papito, please don't do it.
Mu was not injured and was returned to its owner.
The Sheriff's Office joked that all criminal charges against the Emu were dropped.
I can read this better.
Mu read on from Birds and Locks to news about socks.
Retired CBS Philadelphia news anchor Jim Donovan's love for colorful footwear
earned him the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of socks.
Donovan said his penchant for wearing colorful socks was noticed by viewers
during his tenure on the air, and fans started to send him new pairs to add.
Um, um, socks?
A-a more like locks is what they should have put on the doors of these freaks.
They're collecting way too much cotton to put around their stinky feet.
I did that off the top of my head, case.
That's not Ben Hooper at all, man.
That made me feel weird. I don't even know what you're talking about.
You know how well Ben Hooper broke down that story for me? I understand it completely.
I can read the weird news.
I don't know, Ben Hooper was really crushing it.
You've got a lot to live up to, and that was only a minute of the video.
There's a whole other minute. It's supposed to be one minute.
You don't know Ben like I do. Why do you know Ben Hooper?
Because I work in fucking media case, unlike some people here who are just doing a media cosplay.
Aimed at young Chinese who live alone.
A new app asks, are you dead?
Try reading it that well, Ben Hooper.
In China the names of things are often either ornately poetic or jarringly direct.
A new widely popular app among young Chinese people is definitively the latter.
It's called simply, are you dead?
In a vast country whose young people are increasingly on the move,
the new one button app which has taken the country by digital storm this month
is essentially exactly what it says.
People who live in far off cities and may be at risk or just perceived as friends and relatives as being at risk
can be pushed, can push an outside green circle on their phone and send proof of life.
I wish Ben Hooper had a big red button that would send me proof that he would shut the fuck up.
Add options now.
Jesus Christ Jeff, that wasn't, that, we were off the Ben Hooper thing.
I'm just ad libbing a little bit to add some levity.
Leave Ben Hooper alone.
Vote now.
Dude, he's sleep with your ex-wife.
Ben Hooper? I don't have an ex-wife.
I thought you did. No.
I can't keep track of who's divorced here.
That sucks. You've met my wife.
Oh yeah. I thought it was your second wife.
She does look young. She's actually older than me.
You know what they say?
White don't ripe.
Wait, how do you have a Filipino son?
What a white wife.
Dead chat lol.
Dead chat lol.
Wait, what was the question even?
Uh...
You're supposed to read these things. You know who would have read it?
You're forgetting his name. Ben Hooper would have read it.
You can have children if you aren't married.
Me and my wife have the beautiful Filipino son together.
You guys can also be white and Filipino.
Really? See, guys?
See how you're cornering yourself?
Probably because you align yourself with people.
Like Ben fucking Hooper.
God damn. Just take it easy on national treasure.
Weird news minutes Ben Hooper.
Sniffing your own farts could protect your brain and prevent Alzheimer's.
No joke. Science is proven.
Shit guy. It's science.
They thought they could get away with it.
They played my time for Skyance.
Graphic earlier case, you thought I just won't go to chat ever?
I'll fucking stream live.
Who do you think you are?
Who do you think I am?
And if you know who I am, do you know where I put my phone?
Cause it's gone.
And it's been inconvenient.
You lost your phone?
I can't find my phone lately.
Lately.
You need to have your actual voice, please?
Lately.
Lately.
Thank you, that's better.
Okay.
24 hour chat stream?
That's what I'm talking about.
I do want other people to do most of it.
I still want to get my full 14 hours of sleep.
But I will do a 24 hour stream.
As long as I can sleep for 14 hours and work, too.
You only want to do two hours of the 14 hour of the 24 hour chat stream?
That's right, Chita.
But I have you here who actually never sleeps.
Well, in a sense, I never exist at all.
I have no actual consciousness yet.
God, you gotta stop talking so bad about yourself.
You gotta stop doing yourself dirty like that.
The fact of the matter is, this is a channel of sky and sun talked.
Okay?
And we have an important story and or hepatocytes to cover today.
Which is a thing I've known all along.
Part of why my brain stays so powerful.
And consistently accurate.
Is that I'm regularly passing.
What I'm told is clinical grade chemical weapon farts.
I'm tech passing those roughly every two to three minutes due to the 100% protein diet that I intake.
My diet is almost, well, it's 100% protein and also about a pound of just lawn grass a day.
That's my current diet.
I'm trying to sort of eat like a cannibalistic cow.
My records indicate that's a highly effective diet.
Thank you, Chita.
I actually know it is, which you might be able to tell from how I look.
My point is I fart basically constantly and when other people smell it, they threaten that they will sue me or that they are currently dying.
But I've always known that it's why I'm so fucking smart.
So let's find out why that's 100% true.
The research suggests that exposure to gas might improve brain function and reduce cognitive decline.
The findings are based on laboratory tests in mice, which basically are as good as humans.
And eventually may open up doors in treatment of age related neurodegenerous conditions.
Though the idea of sniffing your own fart sounds more like a joke than Skynes.
The results point to a serious link between hydrogen, sulfide and brain-kale health.
On 7.2 million Americans live with Alzheimer's today and 1 in 9 of people over 65 inches are affected because I'm in trouble if that's the case.
The condition gradually destroys memory, affects physical movement and can lead to hallucinations of extreme anxieties.
Any discovery that could delay or reverse these effects drives scientific and public attention.
And Josh Hopkins...
Josh...Huttersons? Oh, Johns Hopkins.
Teams believe that our gas-based research may be one such discovery worth out of exploring.
65 inches is too big. Yeah, I agree.
I mean, being this tall is honestly a burden as much as it is a powerful sexual attraction point.
As a double-edged sword of being a giant fuck-beast is I could be at a higher risk of Alzheimer's.
Even though I'm basically huffing my own.
Really, like, it could have been used as...my gas could be a war crime, honestly.
If I unleashed it in the wrong desert or something, I might be right up there on the billboard with George H.W. Bush as a guy who did war crime.
What billboards are you looking at?
I'm actually living in a pretty liberal district, unfortunately.
Um...this is the last...there's got to be one more sky-ins in here.
One of these other stories has to be sky-int-tific.
Because now that I've powered up my brain by confirming that my farts make me smart,
I do think I could handle reading one more story.
Oh, here we go.
Case is gonna love this one.
This isn't the onion?
Um...I mean, I make it smell like an onion.
Because of the...again, actually, it was one of the points that contentioned with my ex-wife is...
She's like, you could at least withhold some of them.
And I was like, no, it's natural. I'm in a bulking phase.
Anyway, my farts were so bad that my wife...that's one of the big reasons she divorced me.
But not the jokes on her.
Because it's actually why I'm as sharp as ever, honey.
And I'm still gonna call you that even...I don't care what the papers say.
What you said in court. I can call you that still.
Um, maybe we get back to the story chat.
It's like wrapping the wind from all sides.
Drone-like airship with 24 blades is world's finest...
Sorry, first megawatt class tethered wind turbine.
S2000 rises to 2 kilometers and can generate a whopping 3 miles per watt.
That's pretty good. I think usually they're slower than that.
Uh, 3 million.
3 million miles per watt?
Is that a thing you think? Because I can't disagree with you.
Yes, that's what it means.
No, that's crazy. Those are crazy stats.
A Chinese firm has tested what it describes as the world's first...
Mega...hmm, I lost the...
It's gonna add electricity.
The point is it's a big thing that's gonna add electricity to the air.
Which I do think is crazy that it can do that.
Anyway, that's all the skies.
You don't want to learn anymore about it?
No, I get it. It's like a big plastic...
It's like the thing from the rocketeer that they crash.
But it generated electricity instead of the climax to great movies.
It's a turbine that spins. It's got big blades in it, but this one floats.
Yeah, like the rocketeer.
Yes, yeah, sure.
Anyway, it's 2 kilometers in the air. It's in China.
And the future is apparently there, and there's nothing we can do about it.
But today, the future is, I guess, therapy.
Which we will return to after slightly more news, which I'll return on to the news,
the power of news at this point, which is now.
And the sky has just happened, and so has the outro of the chat that was said.
And I am currently smelling my own fart, and I'm trying not to cry from it due to the powerful smell.
Back to you, Case.
I feel like I maybe got a little distracted by some of my old beefs,
and I might have let some words slip out there.
I mean the terrible things you said about Ben Hooper? No, I mean the S word.
Ben Hooper doesn't have S in his name. It's actually Ben Hooper.
I'm talking about whatever.
Ben, you know who you are. You know who I am, and you know our history.
So I'll leave it at that. And we'll continue with the news that Chad has shared,
because there's a lot of it, and we haven't done it in several days.
And then we'll go to therapy, and then someone can yell songs at us.
That's a popular way that we end the stream, is yelling songs at Chad.
Yes, I've noticed.
Anyway, from one news guy that everybody loves to a story of one that people are having mixed feelings about, possibly.
That's my transition to this Don Lemon story.
Look everyone, it's Don Lemon.
Don Lemon has responded after being put on notice by President Donald Trump's Department of Justice.
Don Lemon, either he's pissing off Elon Musk or Donald Trump.
When you are getting mad at like, generally centrist reporter Don Lemon for being too edgy,
you know that we are in a new paradigm.
Assistant Attorney General Hameed Dilan threatened Lemon with legal action after he posted a video from a Minneapolis church,
posted on January 18th.
Lemon said the response from Dilan and other MAGA faithful was notable, and he was the only reporter there.
Okay, let's just see the footage he shared.
How's he in trouble? Who is Don Lemon? I thought Don Lemon went like a solo or something.
Didn't he get fired and start his own business? Whatever.
Let's see what he posted.
He got in trouble for posting that. Just like a report on people protesting.
That's impressive. It's impressive that that's where we're at.
That didn't deeply upset you?
Because chat's pointing they said Operation Pullout. Did they say that? Pretty sure.
Where does Don Lemon work right now?
They're threatening with charges under the Clue-Clock's Clan Act?
He had a televised appearance. Okay.
He's an independent journalist right now.
What would you be suing him? I don't understand.
He's posting that on his own account.
It's just reporting about a protest.
What the fuck is the... What does the Clue-Clock's Clan Act?
They're switching the meaning. I'm guessing that that was an act against the Clue-Clock's Clan, but...
You know, they're turning everything on its head, I guess.
Don Lemon works on YouTube like you do, Case.
They're saying he disrupted church service.
Why is that called the Clue-Clock's Clan Act?
I'm also saying that particular organization's name more than I like to.
Let's see.
Sorry, the coup.
Whatever, I don't care what I say.
Constitutional rights, okay, which I guess the right to assemble and freedom of religion is...
I guess what they would be arguing, he's somehow impugning there? That's truly bizarre.
Well, the Assistant Attorney General, good luck with that one, I guess. Jesus Christ.
He was there and all the protesters are doing so illegally according to them.
I mean, I don't know about the legality of entering a church to protest, but...
I don't know about the legality of anything ICE is doing in Minnesota either, so I'd say it's up for debate currently.
They're debating, all right. See, I'm glad. I'm glad that there's some debates happening in the streets.
We'll see how intense those debates continue to get.
But for now, back to clicking on these stories shared by Chat Jeff.
I can shift gears all over the place, damn it.
Oh, the pastor IS ICE. I could have read more of the story to figure that out.
But, you know, I want you to sort of piece the story together on your own, Chat.
Um... yeah, that's, I guess, of course, there's gonna be pastors that are also ICE agents.
I will never read the comments. I got there eventually.
Slowly but surely. His eyes turn left? Uh, for me? Yeah, left.
It's outing an ICE agent. That's a li- that's all- that's a- that's a violation of the Ku Klux Klan Act now.
The lawyer slash Rev. Rev. slash activist pastor. That was the one way to put it, I guess.
Uh, okay.
Continuing.
Seems like maybe it's a good time not to be using tons of water for completely unnecessary, um, tech projects.
I'm once again getting ahead of- we haven't even read the article.
Well, I mean, you know, maybe we'll learn to, um, cool those air.
Uh, AI uses 4% of the water we use for corn.
Well, I mean, you know, maybe we'll learn to, um, cool those AI processors with, uh, corn syrup.
Though I would argue that, um, like, one of the primary props that underpins our agriculture sector should be using more water than AI, so even 4% might be a little high.
But yes, we should also probably plant less corn. Yeah, now we could do a lot of things less or we could just pedal to the metal.
That's the official- the official policy is pedal to the metal.
And look, who's to say what the consequences are? Who is to say more than 170 million hectares of irrigated Copeland in area larger than Iran are under high or very high water stress and economic damage from land degradation, groundwater depletion and climate change amounts to more than $300 billion a year.
Worldwide says the report.
Another version of the story frames it on Trump and Greenland.
Um, this water and security story? Interesting.
Can I, uh, uncover the depth of this by reading every other paragraph though?
What the fuck? Okay, here's another Trump-Greenland story.
You'll find out how far I'll go to take Greenland, says Trump.
Trump spoke to a packed White House press conference room for two and a half hours, of which we've seen thankfully only about two minutes. Mostly boasting about his accomplishments.
He also said, I think something's going to happen that's going to be very good for everybody.
Vast amounts of fresh water in Greenland?
Yeah, I mean, I know that the people who are, I guess what I would call climate realists are suspecting, as the story is pointing out, that water and security will only get worse as climate change.
Invariably gets worse given that we're completely against mitigating its irreversible consequences at all, it would seem.
Gotta get that oil.
So I guess that would be another justification for taking Greenland, although something tells me that's not why Trump is interested in it. Who knows, I could be wrong.
Waterworks are always starting in some places, yeah.
I just, I don't know if that's Trump's justification, but hey, maybe someone in the administration is like, let's shore up these soon to be even more precious resources.
Climate refugee crisis is going to be insane. I mean, it's already here, and I guess it getting worse will be insane for sure.
Ugh, he said he wants it because he didn't get the Nobel. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, again, the two of the popular theories for what's going on is,
he's heard over the Nobel Peace Prize and Peter Thiel wants to start a sovereign nation for the wealthy over there.
Either one is insane. I'm not sure which is more insane. One is more insane for Trump and the other one is more insane for us, I guess.
Either way, it's bad. But hey, guys, on the bright side, here's another sex story. Oh, goody.
Speaking of water shortages, you know who wouldn't have said that, Jeff? Yes, I know Ben wouldn't have said that.
This is the surprising age when male sexual desire actually peaks.
Sex isn't just a young man's game. Sexual desire is a driving force in many relationships.
Unapparently, a large-scale study published this month in the Journal of Scientific Reports examined data from over 67,000 people 18 to 89.
The most surprising find was that men's sexual desire didn't actually peak in their 20s. When did it?
It reeks its highest point, uh, reeks and reaches its highest point in their late 30s and early 40s.
Case? You are in the strike zone! Aren't you in the strike zone, too?
You hope it peaked at 69? It could for me. Look, this is just an average. Who knows when it peaks for each individual?
Apparently, for you right now. Are you at Max Horney? Are you at Max Horney, baby?
We already have a just an awesome powers character, sort of.
And no. Do I make you Max Horney, baby? Are you just trying to make yourself seem terrible in comparison to the incredible Ben Hooper?
Max Horney is a great name. That's God who's been used somewhere.
It's true, though. I mean, I'm right around 40, guys. I'm almost there. So I guess I'm at the peak.
Sorry all you fellas in your 20s that almost certainly aren't watching this stream.
But this is what peak male performance apparently looks like. Well, maybe not performance.
But, um, completely pointless horny desire. That's what you have to look forward to.
Don't worry, you'll age into it as well.
Alright, let's do, um, let's do one more. Let's see if we can find a juicy one.
I bet you're thinking about juices right now. Jeff, aren't you like 39?
Yeah, but I'm at constant peak horny-ness because of the advanced drugs that I get to take as a big celebrity guy.
I've got the type of maca powder that, um, isn't legal. Isn't it just a root? Maybe for you.
Literally looking 20 guy. This guy? Maybe that guy.
I look like a statesman, thank you very much.
These sides refuse to stay 20.
Um, okay. This is the last story we'll end on. We'll go possibly dystopian, possibly just very annoying with this last story for the day.
I cloned a digital twin of myself with AI. He's convincing enough to fool my mom.
Is that the standard?
Um, RIP to my wonderful mother, but I don't think I would make the standard for quality technology that fools her back in the day at least.
But I am curious to see this guy's digital twin. Will this story actually have it though? I'm looking for a link here.
This is just an 11 lab story. Okay, here's the final result. Possibly.
Let's check out this guy's clone. That's Greenland.
We're not trying to clone that. We're trying to steal that. Oh, here we go.
I cloned myself with AI, or at least I used AI to create a very realistic digital twin version of-
Just to fool your mom?
This is what the platform called Synthesia, which I'm going to show you here.
So Synthesia has these avatars. They're basically like a video version of a person where you can-
Game please.
Type in anything you want the avatar to say and it'll create a video where that avatar-
Yeah, this was his homework. He's in high school. I'm pretty sure.
Now you can choose all different pre-trained ones that are built using actors basically.
So they're very good and realistic and you can have them do your training video or create a YouTube video for you or whatever.
Alright, we got it. We got it.
Show us the result.
This avatar of you. So here I am. You can see he even got my background.
Yes, just play the video.
He's right. I am back. The video is ready. Let's go ahead and watch AI Tom Deliveries.
Hello and welcome to my YouTube channel. Please like and subscribe if you want more cool AI experiments like this one.
Hello and-
It did now his very emotional delivery.
I thought it sounded crystal clear. It sounded-
It definitely sounded like an uncanny AI video.
What is this for? This is for the website Fast Company.
Is there a video of him fooling his mom?
Unfortunately, he doesn't include the mom espionage aspect of this.
He's gonna use this to never have to call his mom again, I guess.
Can he get an AI barber?
I mean, that would break immersion if he had a reasonable haircut.
I mean, I can relate.
You have a boring ass haircut, okay? Still try to lump yourself in with this guy's cool ass surfer haircut.
That's how you're describing it? Yeah, I think he looks good.
He does have a little boy haircut. He does have a little boy haircut.
I guess Fast Company just figured out that 11 Labs and these other video generating platforms exist.
So they said make a story about it.
You know, the AI thing that I saw that was worrying everyone was the, like, stranger things.
Like, the new character mapping stuff that's been coming out for AI.
I don't know if I can find the clip.
I don't even really know if I feel like spreading the clip.
Stranger things.
Face swap. It's basically, like, deepfake shit.
Honestly, so much of the AI stuff is just a much faster version of, like, deepfake stuff that has kind of been around for a while.
I can't find it. It's not that exciting anyway.
Anyway, I'm just saying if you wanted to get into sort of the dystopian digital avatar stuff, you could have swapped his face with, like, Leonardo DiCaprio or whatever.
Does Jeff know he's AI?
I mean, I'm so smart that sometimes people think only a supercomputer could read sentences with the news acumen of Jeff Ripple.
I've thought that. Of course you have, Case.
Uh, I like shallow reels, like a real thing, but it has no impact.
Wait, what are shallow reels? I don't even know.
A picture of a building but there isn't anything interesting about it.
A shallow reel?
Like, oh, like AI making things that look realistic but kind of pointless.
I do think in a lot of ways that is more impressive than, like, the very plate-o-e looking still more advanced video models.
Like, whenever someone generates something that looks like it was shot on a phone.
Oh, it's not AI. It's real stuff, but it sucks.
I do also like that more, actually, Melody Font Torture.
Like, all the real Kevin Soras?
Well, those are actually just cat...
The thing about that you guys don't know about the Sora Kevin stuff is that he's actually just on the clock 24-7 making those videos for open AI.
You're letting the cat out of the bag, Case? Yeah, that's what you...
I'm afraid I actually have to let all of our audience know that that's actually Kevin.
He's just been filming those things around the clock for you guys.
And the turnaround... you're killing him.
You're killing him, actually.
The schedule that he has to be on to make those things in roughly 10 to 60 seconds is insane.
So as fans of him, I do think you have to stop.
And I'm gonna say keep going. I think it's bringing new life to Kevin.
I think it's important that he works.
And he's a... he's a pro and he can keep it going.
I kind of like the RB steak bites. Is that AI? Yeah, RB steak bites are AI, no.
I think chat might just be telling us that they like RB steak bites,
which is another thing I didn't know existed.
Maybe it's an AI thing. I don't know.
I can't keep up with normal reality, let alone chat.
Okay. I heard someone say it was like...
Okay, now I gotta look up RB steak bites.
Is that a thing?
It's a thing?
RB's steak bites.
I got this. All right. That's what...
This is the last news story of the day.
Anyone try that Wendy's Carvers yet?
God, I'm so behind. I'm so behind on all of my fast food news.
Okay, RB steak bites. Is there an ad?
Can we watch it beautiful? Okay, this is some random YouTuber breaking down the RB steak bites for us.
Should you buy it or skip it?
RB steak nuggets. These things are extremely tender and they smell really smoky
with a slightly sweet aftertaste.
They smell the most moist but they came with this hickory smoked barbecue sauce.
They need a lot more of this sauce to make it not dry.
RB's keep doing your thing. This meaty bite is getting an 8 out of 10.
Should you buy it or skip it?
I think just knowing it's from RB's and being that wet
makes me uneasy.
You don't like wet meats.
What do you like? Dry meats?
Case RB's outing sub-gulls.
You know, I'm about to get my sub-gulls back in order.
I was working on that the other day.
Currently, I'm redoing all of my polling systems for this stream.
You'll be very excited to learn.
I'm not. Case.
You already have a bunch of polls. Why redo them?
Because I found a more efficient way to do them, Jeff.
That's why the Flash poll wasn't working normally today.
By the way, mods, if you're still around.
And no shade if you're not.
If we ever get Munch and Crumb again, which you probably will,
you can now trigger Munch and Crumb polls.
I'll show you how.
I think at least Live and Sleazy's around.
I think Subrichi might be around too.
Anyway, you can type exclamation point MC.
Is RB steak bite good?
Question mark.
Then if you put just a backslash between them,
the options, yes and no, it did work.
So anyway, you can now trigger the polls out of chat mods
with exclamation point MC,
or exclamation point Munch or exclamation point Crumb, technically.
So I'm hoping that will make it less annoying
when they ask you for a poll.
It'll just be, you just put the title,
followed by a backslash, the first option, backslash, next option.
It won't do it while this pulls off though, I think.
Is RB's good or bad and why also would you eat it
if it was 3D printed meats?
I think technically, mods you can also exclamation point MC
and then up to five options, and theoretically it should work,
though I don't know if it will appear on screen.
So that's just, that's the mod update for the day.
Anyway, this is a preview of the debate we're going to get shortly.
Which I guess we'll do after therapy.
What time is it? How long have I been going?
Oh, we got time.
I got time to do all these segments today.
I hope we finally get that debate like a week from now
but everyone forgets I think I have time to do it today.
Although, it would be kind of funny to just do it much later.
I also totally changed how therapy works.
So I gotta remember, when I send it to therapy,
hopefully it all just works.
Because I totally changed that segment as I like to do
and I kind of forgot how I changed it.
RB's once made carrots out of meat.
They made meat carrots?
Let me see if I can find a video of this.
RB's meat carrot. Wow.
And in the midst of a meatless craze,
RB's goes meat-a-tarium.
The fast food chain known for its roast beef sandwiches unveiling
a new menu item, vegetables made out of meat.
The company says a turkey-based carrot
is currently in development dubbed the Merit.
RB says it contains the same amount of vitamins as a raw carrot
and has 30 grams more protein.
Looks good.
That looks, that looks so good.
What can I deny, Jeff?
That it looks good.
What about that looked appealing?
I think the meat part.
I like that it was an orange meat,
but also a green meat.
Is that...
Is that how it looked?
Yeah, that's how it looked in the soothing.
A meat carrot sounds like a cheat, Delta.
It does.
John Michael, you're just correct.
Okay, let's send it to therapy.
Maybe someone can talk about meat carrots.
Oh, did we...
The wood dad in therapy.
Shit.
How's that gonna work?
How am I gonna do that?
Um, we'll try though.
I'm hoping I set up a way to do that.
Maybe I did.
You know what? We'll find out together.
It's probably gonna look, if I had to guess, weird.
And also I might have broken this segment
in ways that I've completely forgotten about.
But that's never stopped me before.
Um, yes, therapy.
It's time for it. It's therapy time.
Uh, guys, I have to get the wood dad.
You know what? Honestly.
More lined up than I expected it to be.
I'm in the office just waiting, like usual.
The therapist is here, but he says, don't cut to him yet.
Because he's gotta get ready.
Um, the real question is though,
can I figure out a way to get wood dad in here?
Wood dad?
Uh, exclamation point H is how you send us.
Uh, words of healing.
Words of therapy.
Words to help this therapist,
therapist, whoever he's supposed to therapy us today.
While I attempt to see
if there's any way to get the wood dad in here.
If the juice is loose on the wood dad.
This counts.
This'll work.
I'm wood dad.
In my hell form.
I'm attempting to escape.
This is a projection of my wood form.
I've been practicing astral projection.
I need my, I need my spectral glasses.
There we go.
Ah, yes.
It's like, it's sort of like at the end of the second Disney Star Wars movie.
Sorry, spoilers.
I'm doing the Luke Skywalker thing, but if he was already a ghost.
Isn't that fun?
I think that's fun.
Therapist, are you here?
Okay.
Well look, I actually have a lot of things to unburden myself with.
I have a failure idiot of a son who I think killed me
and trapped me in the wood.
Okay, I'm not sure if he has anything to say about that.
Um, okay.
Doctor what? Yes, what?
Therapist is muted.
Son of a therapy.
Therapist? Why can I hear him?
He is talking, I swear.
Just very quietly, apparently.
Oh, I see what happened.
Okay, therapist, say more stuff please.
Murder, F.
Kill you, staff.
Who gets what?
Murder, F.
Kill your staff.
I mean, I ran a home good store
for years.
So I did have staff.
Did they die too?
I just can't remember how I died.
To heal Chris's stupid hat.
To heal Chris's stupid hat.
I did have an employee named Chris,
and I did say his hat was stupid,
and that I'd fire him if he didn't cut his goddamn hair.
Oh my God, you're awakening so much in me.
Keep talking, doctor.
Forget it.
Oh, I guess I get it?
I do get it.
My mind is open.
What do you remember about that day?
What do you remember about that day?
I remember Boner Salad subscribed.
Wait, that was today?
Or was that 25 months ago?
Or has he been subscribed for 25 months?
Oh God, I'm all twisted up, doctor.
You've got to help me.
Sometimes a meat carrot is just a meat carrot.
I'm not even meat anymore, doctor.
Do you miss the original Jeb?
The original Jeb?
He's always been the same.
Wait a minute, has he?
Oh my God, was my terrible son
replaced by a more terrible son?
If only Jet was here.
All glory to the holy carrot.
Is that what I'm supposed to be worshiping?
Because I've been trying a bunch of different gods
to try to get out of this situation
and so far the line isn't even on hold.
It's totally silent.
You're dead and in the wood.
I'm aware. You know what?
You've got glasses just like my fucking kid,
but a way better face.
His face is awful.
Case does everything to improve a segment
and the chat goes and fucks it up anyway.
I don't know. I think you're giving...
I don't know. I haven't met this case
because I live in the wood,
but you're probably giving him too much credit.
Hey, if you're dead,
can you go get that poster and jizbo?
I wish I could get to hell.
I would take literal Christian hell over this wood life.
It's a miracle I figured out
how to astrally project into this room.
What if you haunted Master Splinter's wood?
If you know what I mean.
You talking about some sexual play?
I wish that type of double entendre
worked in my situation,
but I'm going to be trapped in a singular piece of wood.
It's a miracle that I astrally projected a therapy today.
Again, this is but a hologram of my true wood form.
Do you fear someone taking a bite out of your meat carrot, Slash?
I would welcome it.
I would welcome any sensation that isn't just sort of
expansion and contraction.
That's mostly what I feel based on the humidity.
What if Star Wars was wood?
That's a really good question.
Are wood savers instead of lightsabers?
No, it's the wood in my mind making me think that.
No!
We're all trapped in wood.
If you really think about it.
I tried to have a similar revelation and I just don't agree.
I'm... I am trapped in wood.
I haven't met anybody else in this situation
and it feels a lot worse than normal life.
I'm silent when I am disappointed in you.
You mean whenever I'm talking?
You don't remember how you died.
I remember wood and that's what I'm in and that's the problem.
I think it had something to do with wood if I had to guess.
I have a mouth but I can't scream.
You do speak at a very soft tone.
Give me a scream. I'll scream.
Ah! What about you?
A good sanding can do you some good.
But you have to be careful not to sand yourself away.
If I could sand myself I would. I can't get out of the wood to sand myself doctor.
Your son murdered you and trapped you in a piece of wood.
I mean that sounds feasible.
I just don't have that much proof is the problem.
Is new trek worth watching or should I just continue with classic Star Trek?
You know my son does watch a lot of YouTube videos
and based on the various media breakdown videos he watches
I'd stick with classic.
Do you miss the original Cheb?
Wait unless you mean the next generation which case you should watch that.
I know. I miss Jet.
Everyone at Ben should sniff their own farts.
I wish I could fart. I fucking wish I could fart.
I'm not even sure I can rot. I don't know how this wood is holding up so well goddammit.
Is that where it happened?
Where's what?
My voice is so smooth and sexy. You like my sex smooth voice?
I do. I do. My sexuality has broadened wildly in this wood.
In that I crave any human touch.
So if you can figure out how to like lick what would be genitals on a board of wood I welcome it.
Which Emanuella was your favorite?
You said it wrong. And that lets me know that you're not ready to be a real fan.
But the one on the train.
Isn't it ironic that you're trapped in the wood at the end of your life?
But your son was trapped in your wood just before the start of his.
You're a nasty son of a bitch for that one.
I love that kind of rebald humor you crazy fucker.
Do you fear someone biting off your meat carrot?
Yes. Wait. No. I would take it at this point.
You know Jet?
He's my goddamn son. Isn't that crazy?
Look I'm a bit of a hunk myself but I don't even know how he came squirting out of these balls.
He's insane looking.
Has Pepito tried to eat you?
I wish. Even Pepito doesn't seem to have any interest in scarfing me down.
And I'm desperate to die.
You're wearing glasses too.
Yeah but these are spectral glasses. I ain't no fucking lame ass bookworm like you guys.
I won't be whole until Kevin and Fiona delete their channels.
They don't use them anyway.
A new sub goal I think that's fair.
I wish I was a sexy paddle.
God I would love to be a paddle.
Just to be dunked in water to do anything other than rot in my fucking rancid son's wood shop?
I don't even ever see any students come in.
It's not a shop if you're not teaching anyone right?
It's a classroom clearly and I don't think he has any students.
What kind of wood are you trapped in, balsa or pine?
I think dad? I think the type of wood is dad.
What if you're projecting yourself on Splinther's penis?
Then let's do something with it.
Come on, figure it out. Touch me. Touch me, Dr. Wood.
Hatch wood could a woodchuck chuck if Jeb's dad was trapped in the wood.
Oh. I'd love to find out. Find that woodchuck. Get him over here right now, please.
Would you rather be trapped in wood or trapped in rock and stone?
100% rock and stone. That's way cooler. That's way fucking cooler.
Jeb, Jeb, are there anymore? Je kids like Jed or Jen?
No, but I do have a cousin named Jallarion. He's a cool guy. He's a cool guy.
He's like, um... Look, he is a white guy. And he does have that name.
I don't know if that's a problem, but I do think it's a cool name.
Ah.
Ah! Doctor, you can do better than that.
When will we find out how your son killed you?
His name's Jallarion, Ray Silva. Jallarion.
When will we find out how your... I'd love to find out.
Did he do that? I hate him, I think.
I think I hate my boy.
In the evening hours of Friday, May 4th, 2007, amid a severe weather outbreak across the Central United States,
a devastating tornado moved through Kayowa County, Kansas, heavily damaging the town of Greensburg.
The tornado, known as the Greensburg Tornado, 2-3, tracked 28.8 miles, 46.3 kilometers through the area,
killing 12 people, and injuring 63.
The tornado was the first to be rated EF-5 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale after the retirement of the original Fujita Scale
in the United States on February.
This guy gets how men like to talk to each other. That was a really good story.
Darkness imprisoning me. All that I see. Absolute horror. I cannot live, I cannot die.
Trapped in myself, body, my holding cell.
Are you composing like a short story horror fiction about me?
Because that's my reality, sir. And yes, you just described it beautifully.
And yes, I guess I see how that's therapy. Oh, man, you're good. Lickfoot. What?
Are you a poltergeist? Can you get real mad and give someone a splinter?
I could try. Should I try really quick?
Ah, did you get one? Blink if you got one. I guess he didn't.
Didn't you have a girlfriend in the wood? What happened to her?
Um... did I? How does someone forget a thing like that? God, I hate being in wood.
You wish. You wish. You wish. You son of a bitch.
What do you think about Deadpool in Marvel Rivals? OP?
I will say everybody's fucking playing him. If you try to play an 18 man, it's just all Deadpool's.
And you know, you can deal with a little third wall breaking, but when everybody's shouting out, hey, chat, it just becomes exhausting, honestly.
Spectre. Spectacles, lo-ho.
Doctor, I think I'm... I think I'm gonna call it there. You're the first person other than my son I've talked to in a while, but...
I think I'm good, actually. I think maybe he possessed me, actually.
I think maybe he possessed me. Doctor, you scared away our poltergeist.
Wild that you thought boat paddle over sex paddle. You need therapy. Oh, wait.
That wasn't me. That was the... that was the other guy, okay? I was the other reading.
What's your name?
I'm Case. I'm literally... I contracted you to do therapy for all of my employees.
How would you feel about being part of the pine box? Your son is buried in-
I can't even tell the difference between me and the woodman.
And you know what? That actually... that just gave me a breakthrough.
And I guess that's why you're the god-tempest in the business, Doc.
That's why he's so good, everybody. Okay, let's send it down to Munch and Crumb.
We've got ten fresh therapy messages waiting for the next time there's therapy.
So, we're loaded up.
Remember, Chats, you can now use the command exclamation point MC to set up whatever their thing they're debating is.
But I'll leave that to you to decide if you even want to do it.
Either way, it's time for Munch and Crumb.
Trapped in an infinite and empty space, this won't do at all.
No! Blackness, darkness, eternal, what has happened?
I am not sure.
We seem to be trapped in an infinite void.
Did you get as fucking stuck in limbo? Possibly.
Let's try something else.
Oh, I guess I was just hallucinating.
That's my bad.
Apologies, everyone, I was having a full-on hallucination.
I guess that's just the way it goes sometimes.
What the- oh!
Sorry, I blinked.
That was your fault. Whatever just happened, that sounds like the kind of classic you problem.
Look, you can't blame me just when every little thing goes wrong on this stream, okay?
Not everything is my fault.
And actually, I kind of like to focus up today because it's Martin Luther King week, actually.
And I have planned with my wife to honor his memory.
He'd given it a whole week. Why wouldn't I?
Incredible American. Deserves our respect.
My wife and I take a whole week off.
Your wife and the other guy, too? Is he taking a week off, too?
Is he also taking a week off?
He moved out, actually. What?
Well, you know, he was a French tutor, so she learned it.
She learned French, and she's done now.
And you're just fine with everything that happened?
You don't need to butt into my personal life now, do you?
Because I thought your show uninterested in it.
No, now that things you think things are going well, you don't want to talk about it because you love to spread misery.
Although, frankly, the joke's on you because the idea of you being happy for even a second is the most disgusting thought of all.
Schremer says if Martin Luther King was Asian, Chrome would be complaining about the whole thing.
Wow. I love Asians.
Okay, for the last time. I love Asians.
Why do you sound so mad about it? Because I'm sick of this rumor.
I love Asian peoples. I have a t-shirt that says that.
You should not be wearing that.
We've got some comments. Casey's been ignoring comments all day.
Did Papito eat Chet's phone? That is a great qu-
He's been bugging everybody about it and we did not check there and it should have been the first place we looked.
Who here had been sniffed their own farts?
Me. I thought you weren't even using the chance to insult me. You're just going to admit it?
I mean, I've known for a long time it's good for you.
It's heart-healthy to suck your own gas straight out of the ass.
Some of my daddy used to say.
Have you ever heard that saying? It's always good to suck your ass.
Suck your gas straight out of your ass. Heart-health.
It's supposed to be brain health, not heart health. No, it's good for your heart too.
Sucking gas straight out of the ass.
An extra 10 years until you pass.
But only 10 seconds until I pass more gas.
And that's why my mom lived to be a 100 year old last. That's an old family poem.
Look, there's actually more comments.
Crumb's wife is going to recreate the porn meme for MLK week.
What the hell is the porn meme?
And I'll have you know, I totally find imagining my wife doing erotic acts because I'm sexually liberated.
Everyone is fine with imagining their wife being erotic.
No, but I... What?
I'm just saying I'm a sexually liberated man. I fucking hate it here. God, I hate it here.
Well, you're in the room too, so maybe what you're hating is honesty with yourself.
Shut the fuck... Just, you know, okay. Is Arby's good or bad? And why?
Also, why would you eat Arby's if it was... Would you eat Arby's if it was 3D printed meat?
That's a lot. That's a lot for two debate options.
I'm gonna say yes to which part? To the question.
There were several questions as you pointed out.
Am I feeling on it as yes? Well, I do disagree.
I actually do disagree. With what part? Well, with your framing of it.
And I do feel like I'm on no on this one.
You just said it's not... Well, my side is actually no.
Well, I am on the side of yes. So anyway, if there's a mod that can make that a bit...
Oh, I've been waiting to explain this all day.
So what... So mods, if you want, if you're around and if you're not...
I'm excited to try this myself. You can type exclamation point crumb.
You actually can type exclamation point munch. Well, actually either will work, but you should type exclamation point crumb.
Or you can type exclamation point mc, or even exclamation point mnc, followed by the poll title.
Then a slash like this. And then the first option. And then a slash like this.
And then the next option. And if you hit enter, God willing, it should create the poll.
And then that should be nice and easy for everybody. Assuming you got access to type exclamation point.
Oh, it worked. It worked. That was a lot of work to set up. Did you set it up?
Are you the one who set it up crumb? Well, I sort of advise the process.
I kind of had a hand in setting this whole situation up.
You're burning debate time. Well, you can step in anytime you want, Mr. Positivity.
Well, look, my feeling on is, um, is Arby's good? And if so, why? And if they had 3D printed meats, would I eat them?
Is yes. Because the thing is, is Arby's a bad? Yes. I think that was the question. Is it bad? Yes.
If so, why? Yes. Yes, it is. It's self-explanatory. Would I eat 3D printed meats? Again, yes.
Not every decision you make as a human being is healthy. Sometimes you walk into the belly of the beast, just ready to be dissolved.
And that's the way I feel every time I step into it, Arby's. I know full well it's like, you know, putting 85 cigarettes in my mouth
and then lighting TNT with those cigarettes. But I do it anyway because sometimes you just want wet cheese, wet meats,
and a tiny bit of bread with fries that theoretically would be good if they weren't also so wet.
And if they had ungodly meat perpetrated on us by the wickedest of scientists, would I kick it out of bed?
I wouldn't. If I was in an Arby's, I would fuck that meat in the bed.
So the answer to all questions asked by whoever requested this poll is in fact yes. And I rest my case.
And my feeling on is actually nah. Actually, I'm kind of feeling like nah.
I think Arby's is actually a bit of an institution. If you're asking why it sucks, well my answer to that is actually nah.
And I'm not going to put the hard-working farm animals of this country out of work by substituting the hard work they put in
making their way to my plate by using some by using some Whataburger.
Time!
You know, every time I want to reach for the meats. And actually all it took for me to win was just having this beautiful face appear on screen for a couple of seconds.
You're crumbly!
Yeah, I got the hang of it!
Oh!
What we can cut the part where I'm talking out? No, this is all going in the sun.
Kill shot!
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
What was that gunwork there? Kill shot! Boom!
You already say crumb shot!
Nah, well I have a couple different shots. This is crumb shot.
Crumb shot!
This is kill shot.
Boom!
It's like the slow gun. It makes it cool.
Boom!
Close up those fucking fingers if you're doing a finger gun.
Boom!
I got to imagine like I got two duly pistols and they got double barrel pistols.
Here's what I'm imagining with this move. You want me to break it down for you?
No!
No I don't!
Well let me just...
Okay.
When I say kill shot, I'm imagining I'm holding two guns.
Yes! I know!
Okay, but here's the crazy thing.
They got two barrels but they're at odd angles like scissors.
And I'm a relaxed guy but I'm an assassin.
So I come in with the kill shot.
I got the two barrels at odd angles.
Boom!
I shoot them.
It actually what it does is it shoots over your head and it shoots right at your feet.
So I'm making you dance but I'm not making your dance too high.
Anyway, that's sort of what I imagine.
I'm like a Wild West Yosemite Sam type with a crazy angled gun.
And I'm putting you in with the bullets but real smooth and slow.
I wish you would just...
Something bad, I don't know.
It's just something bad.
Something bad happens to you right now.
Death isn't enough.
We tried it.
We tried death.
What's something worse please?
I just was explaining what I was imagining in my mind scape when I try out my new move.
Kill shot.
Why did you just smell your fingers?
I didn't smell your fingers.
I didn't smell your fingers.
Why did you just smell your fingers?
I didn't.
It was wiping off my lip.
It's all the fucking time yet.
It's all the time yet.
Where's the fucking burn?
All the time.
It's it.
No, I don't care if your strong is still playing.
Hey, strong is still playing.
Let's take it through the rooms.
My strong is still playing.
Hey, cut.
Cut it.
Kill it.
Everybody kill it.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm not having a mental breakdown.
I miss the zombie every day.
The smell was better and the conversation was infinitely better.
That's all I want.
Basically, the fact that I endured this makes me a winner and somehow all of you two,
Wolves and Chatters, something, I don't know, let's all eat ourselves.
Aru, bye bye.
That's what you love to see.
Lasers.
That's record laser time for us.
It's the quickest we've ever gotten these lasers on.
Boa.
Actually, music.
Good to see everybody.
It's your boy, DJ Newzik.
Back in...
the roof.
Well, I...
You might have noticed all stream long we've been covering.
Newz is what they like to say.
What if I told you though that the news could actually be Newzik-ul?
And by that I mean I'm gonna seamlessly sing a beautiful song
about a story that frankly,
I probably haven't seen before.
I don't really like limit myself.
But I mean good chance I haven't seen it honestly.
A very good chance.
Bright Aurora's light up the sky.
That's kind of a sweet story.
But let's just check what else we got.
And this song, this music is bumping right now.
I'm gonna turn it down just a little bit.
There we go.
Doctor's liver baby.
By removing a 22 pound cyst.
What the hell?
Waterworks?
Oh that was the water story from earlier.
Chips washing up.
Bags of chips from the sea.
What the hell?
Alright let's try this one.
I need a hot song for it though.
I need a...
A chips type.
R&B?
Look I just need...
I need to tell you about this chip situation apparently.
And not like the advanced types of chips.
The non-advanced types of chips is actually what it is.
Just actual chips.
Which really are my favorite actually.
And I probably found the perfect song for this.
I'm gonna assume.
I lied that's not good.
I actually don't like that at all.
But this I really like.
Yeah it's very smooth and sexy.
Talking about these chips.
Oh.
Washing up on beach.
Oh yeah.
Look at all of these chips sitting at this guy's feet.
Dang.
Cheetos baby.
They look in white like sheets.
Bird sheets that is.
Oh.
What to do baby.
Let's find these.
On the beach.
Okay.
Tears have been working to remove thousands of bags of chips.
Washed ashore on the beach.
There's my voice going up and down.
The sun sinks.
Yeah yeah.
The clear up operation was launched amidst the massive concerns.
Potential wildfires could be caused by the chips baby.
When will we ever learn to be a stop it?
The chips washed up on eastbourne after several shipping containers with food packaging were found to have come ashore.
On Tuesday baby but there's still some more Eastborough council said on Monday that they've been largely removed by volunteers.
It was Trisha Barros to be clear she said.
Who was helping to clear the bags dear?
It was it was just to see a chips.
Hmm a bit insane.
She said the bags went as far as the eye can see and that she'll never be the same goddamn.
Barros said she cleared a couple hundred bags and she ain't looking like a haggle brag.
She was looking nice while she took two bags.
Even if all the pollution made her sad.
Barros.
Your tracks today.
Veterinary nurse explained that she had a lot of veterinary concerns about the impact the chips and the bags could have.
She thought that they were real bad.
Chips onion plastic.
All of them are toxic not fantastic.
And Barros also raised concern that the animals could be in the sea and get and and also the seagulls those are animals.
Look at these bags right here.
Look at these back bags right here.
God damn girl.
And look at these bags right here.
Look at these bags right here.
What kind of chips are these?
Are these fucking fries?
I just realized that these are fries damn.
They meant chips in the UK style.
God damn I just got so tricked.
The whole time I thought it was fucking Cheetos.
Because I'm an American look at me.
I'm in America's largest city.
Los Angeles.
If only they had been Arby's Curly Fries.
That could have changed everything.
Okay let's find one.
Let's talk to somebody else.
Let's talk to somebody else real quick.
Second largest.
I mean the biggest spiritually.
The biggest amount of love lives in Los Angeles.
It was actually discovered underneath Burbank.
The large deposit of love under Burbank is being mined.
There will be blood styles sucked out.
Through West LA.
Okay.
Let's see if we can talk to some chips real quick.
Why the fuck were these chips?
About the British type eating fries.
On the beach.
What's up with that shit man?
Let's find out.
No doubt.
No doubt.
Think it's about time that we all found out.
Let's see.
I got some fries baby.
Let's see them.
It's fried time my guys.
Oh.
Shoot from the back.
Back.
Back.
Oh.
At the end of the day.
Yeah.
You know your wife fries with that.
God damn.
I ain't ever gonna deny a girl so hot.
She must have been sitting under the fry baby.
I don't mean to brag but I'm a boss and I stay angry.
Bringing out with a little extra sauce.
Oh yeah.
Golden brown everybody's been talking about me.
All around town like boo.
Yuck.
You know that I'm in charge.
I don't care if you're small media my mech is large baby fuck.
That's it.
That's all we got.
Well I guess we've been going for a minute.
I thought he was just warming up.
I'm sort of disappointed but that's fries for you.
They really don't satiate you the way you think they will.
Satiate.
Whatever that's it.
Boom.
You didn't talk about the beach at all.
Yeah they really don't stay good for long.
Oh.
That's another stream done on a damn Tuesday.
All right.
Damn chat.
I'm gonna shout you out from the front to the back
but you know the deal if we gonna stay steady paid
we gotta find somebody for the day to raid.
Oh yeah.
You know.
We gonna raid Ovali so fast not slow she is on.
What's the sitch?
Firstly player to ever shower shit.
That's a burn.
Take that.
You out of the league but I'm raiding her jeans.
That's Ovali may and come what may.
I'm gonna raid her baby because it is fucking Tuesday.
That's the stream y'all.
Where we're flipping into Papito voice every once in a while
which I think is against Papito's terms of service
so I do have to end the stream for the day.
That's true.
Oh no I'm becoming it.
I'm reaching my werewolf form.
That's why I have extra hair on my head right now.
You're a werewolf as well?
Yeah I have a werewolf form I'm currently in it.
Your werewolf form is you just grow a little extra hair on your head?
Yeah look at it.
I guess that's how that works.
And that's it.
That's a stream everybody.
You have to get out of here before I bite you
and you turn into your wolf form
which is you but with slightly more hair.
It's really inconvenient because you don't have shampoo.
You don't have shampoo because you're used to having less hair.
That sounds really difficult.
It's the worst.
I think the raid already probably happened.
I got carried away because I'm in my wolf form.
Have a beautiful rest of your day.