I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Visio.
Seven, six, five, four.
Go to my word with a timely start.
Almost so close to one.
For me, this is as close as it gets, I think.
Good to see everybody.
S1000, Cycord, Greg, T.U., Apple, Dapple, Skymer, Jay Money, and to Daddy.
Neo's the one.
Great to see you currently working.
My bot.
Ivan Sleazy, the master mod.
Maybe Sabrichi's kicking around somewhere.
What a day.
What a day to do the news more or less.
Hope everybody's having a wonderful Thursday.
Hey, Matt, how you doing?
Good to see you.
You can indeed submit your videos.
Thank you, Ivan Sleazy, at the cream.team.
There's all sorts of things amongst the web.
How to.
Other.
Maybe we'll even do a conspiracy today.
There's a big foot thing.
I'm also drinking my Rennerton water because we're going to return to Rennerton.
And we hit this sub goal, meaning I'll give it a minute in case we have any later rivals to the stream.
But at some point today, we have to nominate mayors, a new slate of mayors to run, which could be whoever you want.
Could be anyone we've seen or somebody new.
Mancini Smooth wants a shot.
Mancini hasn't been around in a while.
Maybe we should give Mancini a smooth a shot.
I think we're probably going to do a Rennerton stream at some point next week.
I might do it on the weekend.
Yeah, the freshest, cleanest Rennerton water.
Well, the freshest goes down just as smooth as ever.
Oh, you can nominate Jeb.
So the way it's going to work is I'm going to do flash polls.
I think we'll do three.
And the winner of each of those polls will be a legit, a totally legitimate candidate in this very important election.
But Peter, have you ever had some Rennerton water?
Yeah.
Have a guy below me feed me some.
My assistant that I've never named.
So yeah, use your human hand to feed me.
He fed it to me weird.
He fed it kind of through my face.
I can if it were more solid.
Sorry, it gets a little more solid.
You get more solid than that?
Sometimes.
Depending on the part of the river you collect it from.
I need some solid stuff.
All right.
Is Shamrock O Johnson still mayor?
Was it Guy O Boglan?
I think when we last left off over a year ago, it's the law is difficult to follow because I take I've taken an extended break, but I'm pretty sure it's Guy O Boglan.
Surprisingly, who will be your current mayor?
It's Shamrock.
Oh, it's Shamrock.
It is not Guy O Boglan.
I think what live in live in Sleazy is way the most likely to know.
So I'm going to go with whatever live in Sleazy says.
It's Shamrock O Johnson.
Okay.
It is definitely Shamrock.
All right.
Thank you.
Live in Sleazy.
I'm spreading misinformation as usual about my own cities.
For some reason, I remember being in a blue wig and it being really late at night.
Or I remember Guy O Boglan being in a blue wig.
Guy is not trustworthy.
No, it was an afternoon at McDonald's drive through.
Yeah.
I mean that was two and a half years ago.
That's how he got elected.
That's what brought him to the dance.
Misinformation is a bin promise.
Let's do a little bit before we nominate these mayors.
Or I guess we'll attempt to do actual information.
But it's up to you.
The news here is a challenge to the viewer.
You try to spot the misinformation.
It's like an eye spy.
But for reality, let's do a little bit of news.
Hello, everyone.
We're going amongst the web.
We'll get right to that.
But first we have to get into the election stuff.
Oh, that's still happening.
It's happening more than ever.
It's only a month away.
Are you so excited?
Well, as I pointed out, I'm not allowed to vote because I'm a journalist.
All right.
I still think you're the only journalist following that.
But respect, Jeff.
I'm called by a higher calling.
The calling of saying unbiased information that comes at me from a screen.
But the way I say it is so unbiased.
All I do is read.
You have a lot of opinions for someone who just reads.
Well, the opinions are coming from the teleprompter in my mind case.
I can't control that.
What can you control?
My beautiful beard and hair.
And I do a great job of that.
That's true.
Misinformation is my reality.
Well, then you're in luck because we are talking about the election, apparently.
The case just can't get enough of it.
He loves to elect.
I don't really have electing power.
I have one beautiful vote that you shouldn't use as a journalist to be clear.
I need to get this trend going.
No more voting for journalists.
Make an amendment.
I'll run on it.
Maybe I should run for Reniton mayor.
And then I can finally change the United States Constitution.
I don't know if Reniton has that power.
Well, the point is there's election stuff happening.
October surprises, courtesy of CNN.
Case, they're piling up.
You've run into any October surprises yet?
I almost stepped in dog shit this morning.
Does that count?
Well, then you're going to love this story.
It's got a similar energy to it.
October surprises are coming at a dizzying pace.
But the question is whether grave crises at home and abroad can break a dead heat
between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris in an election that's already been marked by huge turmoil.
What turmoil?
You know, they changed the candidate because he sort of had a full-on dementia break right in front of us.
Then the other candidate almost got assassinated.
Then they picked JD Vance, which was the biggest turmoil of all.
Then a couple months later, he almost got assassinated again.
Is that really that much turmoil?
You know what? Good point.
Maybe it's not even that much turmoil.
I just think, you know, we've got to be careful when you say words like much or huge.
The White House is grappling with three challenges that could threaten the vice president's hopes
or an opening to the Republican nominee's narrative of Biden-era negligence.
Oh, just three. It's good news that they're done to three.
A month before election day, the U.S. faces the grave possibility of being dragged into a Middle East conflagration.
A port worker's strike could harm inflation-wary consumers,
and political pressure is rising in the fallout of Hurricane Helene,
which was my mother's name.
It's really rough to see.
Her spirit just go absolutely hog-wild on the southeastern shoreline like that.
You think it's your mom's spirit? They named it after her.
And she was a battle-axe and a blowhard.
Just like the hurricane, people have died, Jeff.
She was a real battle-axe.
Your mother's name was Hurricane Helene?
That was one of her nicknames.
I'm just saying, I think it's her ghost.
And mom, am I making a plea? Cut it out.
She did. The damage is done.
That's how it always goes with my mom.
Trump, meanwhile, was hit on...
He was? By who?
Can you finish the sentence?
Oh, my bad.
Trump, meanwhile, was hit on Wednesday by the unsealing of a 165-page document
in which special counsel Jack Smith gave the fullest picture of his case
in federal 2020 election interference case.
Indy, sorry.
The ex-president has pleaded not guilty,
but the filing reinjected his attempt to steal the last election
into the frantic endgame of a campaign partially shaped by Democrats' claims
he poses an existential threat to American democracy.
It is indeed news, Eldrick.
Yeah, well, I'm glad Democrats are still thinking election fraud is a winning issue for them.
Well, I mean, if they do election fraud, it could be a winning issue for them.
It's sort of a backup issue for both candidates, actually.
Just do a little election fraud.
Yeah, I mean, you know, I do think there's a fair amount of troubling stuff
in the election fraud story.
I just don't know if that's going to reach any new voters at this point.
Although, really, I don't know.
I'm still confused as to who's making up their mind.
I mean, my mind is made up that I'm not, that I can't for moral reasons.
But you know, you've got the chets of the world that refuse to decide
until the moment they're in the booth.
I guess it is the chets of the world, indeed.
Well, in relation to the Trump election fraud as they're calling it,
like you're saying it like that, it's important to be nonbiased
and sound like you're unsure of everything case.
Jack Smith's unsealed court filing says that Trump resorted to crimes
after 2020 election.
So he's sort of just staying the course.
That's kind of presidential of him.
You mean he's continuing to do crimes?
He never stopped.
And so I'm assuming we're on board?
I think we probably shouldn't be, but yeah, a lot of people are.
Donald Trump laid the groundwork to try to overturn the 2020 election
even before he lost, knowingly pushing false claims of voter fraud
and resorting to crimes in his failed bid to cling to power.
According to a newly unsealed court filing from prosecutors
that offers new evidence from the landmark criminal case
against the former president.
Oh, I've got to read?
You're currently reading.
No, I'm losing.
If I have to click on, like, white text,
or it looks like a document, that's a bummer.
It's just reading anyway.
If this is a lower form of reading.
The filing from special counsel Jack Smith team,
all teams, team, team,
offers the most comprehensive view to date
of what prosecutors intend to prove
if the case charging Trump with conspiring to overturn the election
reaches trial.
Well, where's the juice? What did he do?
Did he say crazy stuff?
You're already bored?
You're waiting for crazy stuff from Trump?
He says crazy stuff. Where is it?
Though a months-long congressional investigation
and the indictment itself have chronicled in stark detail
Trump's efforts to undo the election.
The filing cites previously unknown accounts
covered by Trump's closest aides to paint a portrait
of an increasingly desperate president
who while losing his grip on the White House
used deceits to target every stage of the electoral process.
Even talking to grandmas?
Maybe.
Was he not really talking to grandmas?
Was he kissing fake babies?
I don't think they kiss babies anymore, Jeff.
And that's a mistake.
Bring that back and it's a waltz,
no pun intended, into the White House.
So what the filing quotes Trump as telling an aide
after being advised that his Vice President, Mike Pence,
had been rushed to a secure location?
Oh, I got confused.
Here's what Trump said after being informed
that Mike Pence had been rushed to a secure location
after a crowd of violent Trump supporters
stormed the US Capitol on January 6.
What Trump said in response to that is,
so what?
However, in his defense,
I do think a lot of Americans also said that.
Both about Pence and when Trump was nearly assassinated twice.
Unfortunate, well,
I do think some Americans thought that.
Not that I thought that.
You didn't think that, Gates?
Not that I thought so what.
Could have been anybody that thought so what
when those things happened.
The details don't matter, Trump said
when told by an advisor that a lawyer
who was mounting his legal challenges
wouldn't be able to prove the false allegations in court.
The filing states.
And Lyvin Sleazy said so what?
Oh my God, it was Lyvin Sleazy.
Oh, now he's in trouble?
No, I don't think so.
I don't think anybody, I think our,
the response to that is also so what?
He's safe, but the man was almost shot.
Yeah, it was a while ago now, we forgot about it.
Oh shoot, you're right, I've already forgot about it
and I don't even want to talk about it anymore.
The brief was made public over the Trump legal team's objection
in the final month of a closely contested presidential race.
All right, we get it.
The issues surfaced as recently as Tuesday night's
vice presidential debate with Minnesota Governor Tim Wells.
A Democrat lamented the violence at the Capitol
while a Republican opponent.
Case black, well, J.D. Vance, please.
That's the first time anyone said that out loud.
Ohio Senator J.D. Vance refused to directly answer
when asked whether Trump had lost the 2020 race.
The filing was submitted initially under seal following
a Supreme Court opinion that conferred
broad immunity on former presidents for official acts
they take in office.
A decision that narrowed the scope of the prosecution
and eliminated the possibility of a trial
before next month's election.
There are no other juicy, crazy stuff, he said.
I'm here for the crazy stuff.
Yeah, all he said is if the new monumental reveal
is that he said so what, that's not too exciting.
Assuming there's probably more serious allegations
of election tampering,
but, kind of not clear so far.
Well, it's not like we can read the whole court filing.
Well, we could, but it's 165 pages long.
Not it.
I'm also not gonna do it.
No one's it.
Although the defendant was the incumbent president
during the charged conspiracies,
his scheme was fundamentally a private one.
When the defendant lost the 2020 election,
he resorted to crimes.
Okay, what crimes, please?
Trump campaign spokesman Stephen Cheng,
called the brief falsehood ridden and unconstitutional,
shocking everyone.
Uh-uh, they said.
That's a good defense.
It's been going around a lot lately, just that.
Nah-uh.
They said nah-uh.
Meanwhile, Smith and Democrats were held
bent on weaponizing the Justice Department
in an attempt to cling to power.
So they're saying nah-uh, it's you.
Yeah, they are kind of saying,
he who filed it, dealt it,
that's a stretch case, you're stretching.
Sounds like you're saying so what as well.
Nah-uh, you are.
Nah-uh, your whole camp is doing that.
Well, I think your whole camp's doing it, Jeff.
So do better.
You do better.
Nah-uh, you do better.
Oh my God, are we running for president right now?
No, but you could run for Rennerton mayor.
We'll decide that soon.
I don't know if I want to.
Trump, in a separate post on his truth social platform,
said the case would end with his complete victory.
Which to be fair, he says, just when asked about anything.
The filing alleges that Trump laid the groundwork
for rejecting the election.
What does it say that's actually interesting though?
He held a lead early, he would declare victory
before the ballots were counted
and any winner was projected.
Okay, telling advisors, this is what he told them in event,
Trump, that he would declare victory
before the ballots were counted
and any winner was projected.
But he also declared victory after the ballots were counted
and said that actually the other side lied
and he's still saying that.
Yeah, it's hard for it to feel like a bombshell revelation
that Trump is still saying that he won.
I guess he sort of scaled it back to just saying
he got cheated, but he's also just straight up said he won.
Well anyway, this is a court filing about that.
So now it matters?
Oh yeah, this is definitely going to matter.
Immediately after the election prosecutors say
his advisors sought to sow chaos in the counting of votes
and one instance a campaign employee
who was also described as a Trump co-conspirator
was told that results favoring Democrat Joe Biden
at a Michigan polling center appeared accurate.
The person is alleged to have replied,
find a reason it isn't
and give me options to file litigation.
Wasn't there like a crazy campaign call he made
to some Georgia election officials
where he's basically on an actual phone call,
recorded saying, figure it out, find a reason that I won?
There was some phone call like that.
We could probably find it, but yeah, I mean,
this is the problem with trying to run gotcha pieces on Trump
is he's been done, got it
and people just don't give a shit.
His base does not give a shit about this stuff.
So it does feel like we're essentially talking to ourselves.
It's like trying to convert people
that went to church willingly.
But I mean, he does seem to be doing illegal things.
I would say my bigger concern is why it's impossible
to prosecute him for them.
And my guess would be because he was president
and once he's president again, or if he's president again.
Okay, so what are you doing?
If he's president again,
then none of this will matter.
He'll just, a vat a cadavera, oh, he'll kill it.
Yeah, with green magic.
Oh my God, green magic.
Find 11,000 votes, something like that.
It's over 11,000.
He just needed 11,000.
They're hiding under Melania's pantsuit
and he's not allowed to look under the hood.
That is the perfect place to hide.
Election ballots is anywhere near his wife.
That's true, I don't think he'll ever look there.
They will stay a mile away from each other.
If you ever need to hide anything from Trump,
just put it under Melania's
love seat
in her beautiful New York apartment.
Did Kase just watch Agatha with the green magic?
Did you watch Agatha?
I've not watched Agatha yet.
But you know, it's on the list.
We're rewatching all of Lost but chronologically
and it's taking a while.
My God, the things this man does with his time.
He could have won 5,000 case
if he just called Kase.
That's a free call Kase plug.
I love to help.
Avada Kadavra is famously green, isn't it?
Mmm, yes.
Actually, what if it wasn't?
Maybe that's a false claim
about Harry Potter.
Says who? I don't know.
I'm just throwing a little bit of misinformation out there for fun.
Oh, well, I think you were allowed to do that now, actually,
based on this story.
Not what the story is saying,
but the person in it.
Prosecutors also alleged that Trump
advanced claims of fraud despite knowing they were false
describing how he told others
that allegations of election
Sorry, I have some news in my eye.
Allegations of election regularity
made by attorney Sidney Powell were
crazy and referenced the science fiction series
Star Trek.
You did wait, tell us the reference.
Oh my God, they're not going to tell us the reference.
What Star Trek reference did he use?
Does Trump actually have
full cut Star Trek references?
Did he reference a specific episode?
Does he have a favorite character?
These are the revelations people care about
in case you have to Google this right now.
This is breaking news.
Trump likes Star Trek?
Uh, hmm.
I'm just going to Google Trump Star Trek real quick.
Trump allegedly mocked Sidney Powell
during a phone call.
Did he just say something was like Star Trek?
What is the Star Trek thing?
Please, the news. Tell me.
He compared...
Okay, Donald Trump laughed at his former attorney
Sidney Powell over her crazy election
conspiracies and compared them to
something from Star Trek.
Uh...
Okay.
That's so unexciting.
I got too excited.
I guess he just said it was like
something from Star Trek.
That's the most disappointing Star Trek
reference I've ever heard.
There's just so many episodes you could pull
from to get a little more specific.
You know?
You'd be like, are they losing their minds?
Like the various episodes where
their minds get infected with various
parasites and magics, and members of the crew
lose their mind?
Has she become the Borg?
Those are still a little vague, Jeff.
Well, you know, I don't want to get too into the grass
and give specific episode numbers.
Do you know specific episode numbers?
Don't challenge me right now.
I'm still a little bit of a liar.
Don't challenge me right now.
I'm still upset that his Star Trek reference
was so lackluster.
He meant to say, Star, I sh-t,
may-star, I make shi-t up.
Well, that would have been better.
Trump would make a great Ferengi.
They should bring-they should start Star Trek
over and make all the Trumps
Ferengi-make all the Ferengis,
Trumps, every Ferengi.
Well, you know, they always felt like
did they have a fever-racially coded?
I don't know if the Ferengis felt
Well, racially coded.
They're pretty alien.
Well now we can make them more Trumpy.
I guess it's more of a Star Wars thing
to racially code all your aliens.
Ah, I wouldn't, I don't know enough to say
that Star Trek never did that.
Star Wars has a debatably done that.
Listen, the debate was two nights ago, we need to move on.
In demonstrating his apparent indifference
to the accuracy of the election fraud claims,
prosecutors also cite an account of a White House staffer
who after the election overheard Trump telling his wife,
daughter, and son-in-law on Marine One,
doesn't matter if you won or lost the election,
you still have to fight like hell.
You have to.
You have to.
A fringy hive mind of clone Trump's
in awesome makeup.
Borg Trump, Feringes.
Put the hashtags out there, just see what happens.
Look, Star Trek has been going through
some kind of doldrums, although some people said
some of the later seasons of Picard were maybe good.
Or was it the opposite?
Isn't there some season of Picard that people like,
I haven't watched any of them, so I don't know.
But I do know that if you base your series
around Borg Trump, Feringes,
you'll at least get a media cycle of reactions out of it.
Case with the hard pitches as always.
She's got the sex appeal of a Vulcan,
maybe he'll only start doing Star Trek.
Burns from now on.
That could be the way he loses the election.
Is if he really leans into specific Star Trek references
as his only method of communication.
Although, you know, unfortunately, that probably wouldn't be enough.
He does reference movies and TVs
as a way to promote any immigrant sentiment already.
So maybe we just blend right in.
And yeah, there's probably nothing he can do,
as we've pointed out, that would lose him.
Drop him below 40% approval rating with his base.
Well, drop him below 40% of the nation voting forum,
as that seems to be his base.
Well, 40% of voters.
Oh yeah, most people don't vote.
I always forget that.
Just like me, I'm actually part of the moral majority here,
guys.
Anyway, the filing also included details
of conversations between Trump and Pence,
including a private lunch.
That's sweet.
Maybe they patched things up over lunch.
The two had in November 12th, 2020,
in which Pence reiterated a face-saving option
for Trump telling him, don't concede,
but recognize the process is over.
Which is sort of what he did.
I don't even know if he recognized the process was over.
He just was like, I didn't lose, and then he left.
Those were his two moves.
I did not lose.
I will now quietly leave the White House.
White House.
White House.
If you're a next-generation fan,
Picard is really good.
I am a next-generation fan.
Maybe I should give it a shot.
Yeah, that's what I heard MSG,
that Picard season three.
Because I think there was some like,
there's some pretty big backlash to season one and two.
Like it just felt too jumbled or something,
or of course people are always mad about woke stuff
or whatever, although I doubt that was an actual issue.
Have Pence and Trump hung out since January 6th?
Looks like this lunch was on November 12th of 2020, so.
Probably not.
Damn it, they didn't patch it up.
That was a pre-January 6th lunch.
That was his face-saving tactic of
just kind of quietly leave the White House, which he did do.
Season one had Rekolan Space Ninjas, and they hate AI.
I'm only hearing stuff that sounds exciting personally.
Oh my God, they had another private lunch, days later,
in which Pence urged Trump to accept the results
of the election and run again.
Oh, well, half of that sentence makes sense to me.
I'm glad that he only took half of this advice,
but he took the wrong half.
I don't know 2024 as far as so far off, Trump told him.
The filing states, yeah, they gotta stop recording their lunches.
For the first time, he mentioned that Pence
the possibility of challenging the election results
in the House of Representatives.
But Trump disregarded Pence in the same way
he disregarded dozens of court decisions
that unanimously rejected his and his ally's legal claims,
and that he disregarded officials in the targeted states,
including those in his own party,
who state publicly that he had lost
and that his specific fraud allegations were false.
Can you make court filings out of news this old?
Yes, I think you can.
Because I feel like this is all shit we already knew.
Well, I mean, I didn't know all these details
about Trump and Pence's very sweet little lunches.
It is sweet that they're having little lunches together.
That's fun.
That's giving Biden and Obama energy.
Maybe they ate ice cream and took photos of it.
I love that stuff.
Why do you love that stuff?
They just seemed like their pals.
They both were aviator sunglasses and they have snacks.
A lot of people did seem to like that a lot,
but Trump and Pence could do that.
And then maybe they're actually just a couple of pals.
Or they're winning you over.
Well, me thinking about the meeting ice cream together
is making me think they're friends.
That's nice for you, Jeff.
It is nice for me.
Of the more than 1,200 tweets Trump sent
during the weeks detailed in the indictment,
the prosecutors say the vast majority
were about the 2020 election.
Well, we saw those.
Yeah, remember, the steady stream of disinformation
in the weeks after the election culminated in his speech
at the ellipse on the morning of January 6th.
Might have heard of it.
His personal desperation was at its zenith that morning
and he was only hours from the certification proceeding.
That spelled the end.
And the rest, as they say, isn't in the story.
That is what they say.
So that's not so much an October surprise
as we really want to bring up January 6th again.
It would be nice if, I don't know,
there was any actual consequence for this stuff.
We already know about them.
But I mean, how many court cases have liberals
gotten excited about at this point
that are gonna definitely get Trump?
Three.
I feel like it's more than three.
I think it's three.
Just three.
Oh, good, just three.
But Car Season Two makes me feel all sorts of wrong.
I feel it, because I occasionally
watch Red Letter Media videos and I know
they seemed pretty sad about at least one
of the seasons of Picard.
That might also be where I heard Season Three is good, though.
You've seen Mike Pence's Twitter,
all he does is bash Harris.
I mean, you know, if Trump asked him to be his VP again,
I bet he would have said yes.
What?
No, he's their enemies now.
I think he would have fallen right in line
if there was a line to fall into.
I mean, he might have been too scared
to like completely actually disrupt
any semblance of democracy and certify,
and not certify the election results.
But I'm sure he would have just plopped right back
into Trump's lap and wished for another run
in the White House for Christmas.
Worked on a show which featured actress
from Picard Season Two and she was a teen.
Oh, when she was a teen.
RLM did say that last season was good.
There you go.
Somehow I absorbed some information
from all the things that I watch
while doing dishes and other things.
He's in Saginaw Campaigning in Michigan,
has a real chance of going red again.
Yeah, when I was in Michigan,
I mean, granted, this is extremely anecdotal.
Oh, good, then I'll make some broad assumptions
based on what you're gonna say.
That is unfortunately how anecdotes tend to work.
Anyway, when I was in Michigan, it was all Trump signs.
Granted, I was in rural Michigan for a wedding.
I'm guessing if I was in Detroit or Grand Rapids
or the slightly more metropolitan areas,
there'd probably be more Harris support
just as that's how things tend to go.
But it kind of reminded me,
honestly, it kind of reminded me of the 2020 Democratic primary
because I was literally knocking on doors for Bernie
and stuff, which is the thing I had never done before
for any candidate.
And so I sort of had a sense of like,
maybe he'll actually get this thing
and then I think he'll win and wow,
maybe the world's actually gonna change.
But I visited my parents in Virginia
and as soon as I landed, I don't know what it was,
but as soon as I landed, I was like, ah, never mind.
It was like the vibes in the air of Virginia.
I was like, oh, of course, he's not gonna,
there's like zero chance he could win this.
And then I think like a week later,
the entire Democratic primary field
arrayed against him to essentially oust him
from the race and back Biden,
which, you know, again, anecdotal and vibes based
as many of the things I say are.
I only bring it up because I unfortunately did get
the same feeling when I visited Michigan last week.
As soon as I landed, I was like,
ah, shit, Trump's gonna win again.
Guilt case is calling it.
Well, it's honestly the same feeling I've had
this whole time where my little gut is like,
God damn it, Trump's gonna win again.
But when I think about it rationally,
I'm like, eh, actually probably Harris will win.
However, unfortunately over the last month,
the rational part of my brain is also like,
ah, let's take a look at like Trump might win again.
Hopefully I'm wrong.
You're picking a side?
Yeah, I am, surprisingly,
I will pick the side where Trump doesn't win.
Would be my preference for sure, but I don't know.
We don't always get what we want.
Well, maybe Trump will get what he wants
and he'll win the 2020 election
by just saying it's 2020 when he wins.
Oh, that's a unique strategy.
He could just change the date back.
Yeah, who's gonna stop him?
He's president.
In America, it's 2020 again.
Congratulations, everyone.
And I just won the election.
I was right all along.
Take it away, Mr. President.
We can't let that happen.
Trump will come for us, gay wolves.
We need protection.
I agree, it'd be really good for it not to happen.
Or at least way better for it not to happen.
But yeah, I can't.
I mean, these are all like,
I'm so rarely right about Trump.
That hopefully me feeling like he's going to win
means he's definitely going to lose.
Case just doesn't understand Trump.
I think, you know, parts of that are true.
Okay, well, thanks, Jeff,
for running us through all this very exciting
and fresh election news.
Yeah, don't get confused by it feeling like
sort of the same toxic miasma of endless repetitious bullshit
being fed to you again and again over a three-year cycle.
It's actually all very new and exciting.
And it's only a month away.
Yeah, yeah, these are huge revelations.
And can you believe the economy is an issue
in this election?
And it could go wrong at any time.
This is, it's never been like this before.
And I've never been anything other than a bunch of ripples
because I formed out of a lake.
What?
Sorry, I'm trying to build up to my name.
Why do you do that every time?
I don't know because the ripples of the press times
I've done it are wafting into my face
and splashing news on all of you.
Why?
Because I'm Jeff Ripple.
Mm-hmm.
All right, let's do some amongst the web.
But first, let's do some nominations.
Maybe we'll just spread these out through the streams.
The news ripples are stinky.
I can see that being true.
All right, Flash poll.
Nominate
Rennerton
Mayors.
Oh my God, I cannot spell.
I think I spelled Rennerton right.
Did we spell Rennerton with one or two Rs?
Well, you got the idea.
All right, Explanation Point O is how you make a nomination.
And once they're filled up,
Explanation Point 1 through 5 is how you're gonna vote.
So throw in your votes.
We'll run a couple of these throughout the streams
so you'll have more chances to see that your nominee wins.
But every nominee who does win
will get their own campaign video
and a chance to be voted on.
We got Peter Jeb, Mancini Smooth,
Pepito, and Jolly Jim.
Sort of the dark horse candidate here is Jolly Jim.
I'm actually giving my endorsement to Jolly Jim,
but I know that it's sort of the Green Party candidate
of this election.
It's a real outside chance.
I mean, my endorsement is for me.
Oh, you're running, congratulations.
I nominate me and I accept the me being running for
King of Food?
Well, you know, if you're mayor, Pepito,
there's probably get a lot of preferential treatment.
Get yourself a lot of food.
I then I refused to accept the results of the election
and I win.
Well, it hasn't happened yet.
But I refuse to accept that I lost.
And I will be taking this up with FEMA.
What?
The SPCA.
People that don't like fur.
What are you trying to?
I'm gonna sue you.
There's been no election yet.
Okay.
Well, just know I've got my eye on everyone
and I'm still president.
You, okay.
Pepito, you're gonna get a chance to run.
That's so far away.
I'm supposed to wait a week.
That's too long.
I want to be fed down.
I'll bring you food later.
Oh, so I already won.
Okay. Well, Pepito doesn't understand
how elections work, but that's fine.
He's still running.
It's really not a requirement as we've learned
to know how any of it works.
You can just do it.
Remember, Pepito, if you lose the election,
just say you didn't.
Done.
I didn't and I haven't and I didn't and I win.
Pepito has declared victory.
This is my victory speech.
Thank you for your support
and for definitely already electing me and I win.
I do think you have a really good shot of winning
and this does seem to unfortunately be a winning strategy
is just constantly saying things
that don't really reflect reality.
Well, the reality is people are hungry
and they want to feed me.
You know, when he's right, he's right.
Anyway, let's go amongst the web.
We'll do another one of these after these segments.
This segment, we can see who wins next.
I don't know how as if Pepito wins twice.
I'd say you can nominate whoever,
but if they've already been nominated,
you certainly don't have to.
Let's worry about that later though.
For now, let's go amongst the web.
Yes!
Finally, we're ready to fricking hang out
with this gorilla again.
I love this fucking guy.
I love that fucking guy.
He's my best friend.
I love you, man.
I fucking love you.
I got you back.
I don't care what they say.
What do they say?
I don't know, but whatever they're saying,
I got you fucking back, man.
Me?
No, the gorilla!
You crazy?
Love this guy.
Yeah, everybody loves the gorilla.
What are we doing today?
We're watching TikToks?
Yeah, more or less.
More or less, that turns out that's what the webs are.
It's a web constructed of TikToks.
Also, some of these videos appear to be from Reddit,
so you're spreading false information as usual.
Hmm, okay.
There's no escaping this election.
Some of these are election videos.
I'm gonna start from the bottom.
Start it from the bottom
and we'll get to the new stuff eventually.
Okay, this could be a Home Depot prank.
That's my favorite genre of online video.
Home Depot prank?
I love a good fucking Home Depot prank
because you never see it coming.
Then there's so much shit that can fall on you.
Anyway, let's see what they got.
I got him, that's pretty fucking good.
Damn.
Go to be a lesbian at Home Depot.
Moses finding the promised land.
I think you're kind of stereotyping lesbians there.
I'm saying that you're gonna have a good fucking time
at a Home Depot with a lesbian?
You got a Home Depot with lesbians?
Yeah, I go with my wife.
What?
I just don't, I don't quite track that.
Yeah, I'm married to lesbian.
I didn't know that about you, Sammy.
He's a proud lesbian.
I think it's fucking hot.
I guess that's fine.
I guess that's fine, congrats.
Thank you.
Thank you for a little bit of support for once.
All right, let's, ooh, jack in the box case.
You got the inside scoop on this.
Inside scoop for case.
Let us know if this is a legit,
if this measures up to your experience the other day.
That's his house.
Mr. Brad, Hailey?
Did I win something?
My sources tell me you've been calling
Jack in the box, junk in the box.
So?
I take these things personally, Brad.
Get lost.
Well, just try my food, apologize, and I'll go.
That's a beating, Clouds!
Oh my God, I've been brilliant to tell her
that I'm proving my kitchens
to make our best burgers ever!
Your cycle!
Good, Jack.
Brad, you get to try my best burger ever
and all I want is your honest opinion.
Tasty!
Really?
You're not just saying that
because I'm kneeling on your spine?
No, no, I shouldn't have just your food, man.
I'm sorry, Jack.
Nice.
I'm sorry about the grass stains.
Really?
Oh, what was with that last shot, though?
Sorry about the grass stains.
Sorry about the grass stains.
Well, I'm sorry about the grass stains.
Capture that audio, keep it in your bag.
Pocket case.
Good shit, brother.
I fucking love that kind of commercial
where you fuck a guy up,
you make him eat your stuff.
Isn't it a little aggressive?
I mean, we are still advertising for fast food here.
Nah!
Advertising used to be like this.
They say, where's the beef?
It's in your fucking mouth.
If you don't like it, shut up and chew.
It's in your fucking mouth!
I don't remember it being like that.
People forget about that part
of the where's the beef commercial.
When the grandma takes out a baseball bat,
she breaks a guy's legs.
She says, run now, you fuck!
Eat my meats!
Where's the beef?
I really feel like,
I feel like that wasn't,
it's not the commercial I remember.
Look, you're younger than me.
He's a formative memory for me.
Or the $5 foot-long commercials?
$5, $5, you fucking dad!
Die!
Eat my sandwich!
That's how they used to go.
That was the original jingle.
I guess that would be more memorable, maybe.
I guess it's all about leaving an impact.
And they used to leave an impact.
There's another one.
Okay, we're on a commercial kick today.
This is an amazing commercial I've been told.
Wow, what a great commercial.
You should just watch ads on here.
Maybe you can get paid for them?
No, unfortunately, I'm playing all these ads for free.
Ah, that's a bummer.
Well, good thing I love commercials.
Hako Belgondog, I did love him.
And truly won't.
And, Hanji, can you see my healthy?
Fucking feds show up, this is what you gotta do.
What was it for?
You know, I think some of the best commercials
leave you asking,
what was the product?
Um, hmm, I can't tell you.
No idea what the product was.
There's no branding.
That's next level advertising.
That's truly artful advertising.
You leave it up to the viewer
to get a sense for what product they wanna buy.
It gave me a sense that I wanna buy office.
Oh, maybe it was a commercial
for the concept of office?
Yeah, it really made me long for office.
Was that British?
I don't think so.
I don't think they were speaking English.
The, who was this posted by?
Maybe they can tell us.
John Michael, if you know,
I don't think John Michael's here right now.
But if you know what product that was for,
I do wanna go buy it.
The best ads put you in a mood that wants to buy something.
I could get behind advertising that just sort more,
it's not really for any particular product.
They're just like, go buy.
Oh, that's a good fucking,
cause then a rising tide raises all ships.
If I go out and I just like,
I need to fucking buy shit,
then there's no telling how much shit I'll buy.
Whereas if I go out and I just want like a fucking,
I just wanna fucking McDonald's,
I'm just getting that.
And that's fucking nothing.
Stealth advertising, yeah.
All right, see an American flag.
How about this?
Oh, it's Eric Andre.
See what Eric Andre is up to.
You're fired, copy that, you're fired.
You're hired, you're fired.
Don't talk to me about the S&C.
Well, get him on the phone.
I'm gonna go back in that office and rip your heart out.
Like I'm Kano from Mortal Kombat.
Hold on, yeah, I'm gluten free now.
I'm the only one who stuck his neck out for BP.
I think all those fish in the ocean deserve to die.
Simply John Michael also doesn't know
what that ad was for.
We'll never know.
I'm gonna buy it.
Well then sell it.
I don't know.
How old is this coffee?
I can't digest this.
I'm lactose intolerant.
Did you get the abortion yet?
Ah!
You didn't get the abortion?
What am I paying you for?
Sell it, just sell it.
Those prices are fantastic.
We're not gonna do better than that.
How about this, you're fired.
Copy that?
Sorry, it's just never not good, vomiting.
You know, it's never not good.
It's just how he's so fucking good.
You see somebody vomiting, you just immediate,
everybody's having a good time.
Hmm.
Think of a time you vomited and it wasn't awesome.
Well, I mean, I've seen people vomit and felt bad for them.
Now come on, a little party was like, this fucking rules.
All that shit came out of them?
It's like we're fucking tubes of toothpaste.
But with really wet, loose toothpaste, chunky.
How about a bunch of footage of graves being destroyed
in increasingly violent ways with no branding
and you have to Google it to learn it's a guy coming out?
I feel like, yeah.
Sort of horror advertising.
Just kind of atmospheric horror advertising.
And then when you Google it,
you're like, well, I do need insurance.
It's just about getting that brand out there.
I didn't want, you know, I would love more brands
to be associated with just, again, back to basics.
Fucking shit up, man, some great.
That's why I love wine.
Uncle Phil 2K.
Rihondo.
Listen up, Jack.
Uncle Fulvuk, just Mama Jan 300,
shiny, tasty coins.
Is that Mr. President?
And I've been dying to say this.
Through the dark of futures past,
the magician longs to see one chance
out between two worlds fire.
Walk with me, oh, could you, in my death bag,
you may think I've gone insane,
but I promise I will kill again.
Oh no, got cut off at the end there.
Wow, the president, sometimes he's got beautiful prose.
I know that some people say he's lost his step,
but I think he speaks poetically in a way
that's just really unique.
Yeah, he's absolutely a modern day poet of the mind.
Oh my God, it's Melania Trump.
Let's see what Melania's gotta say.
It's important to check in with former,
fortunately potential future first ladies.
Individual freedom is a fundamental.
Melania Trump.
That I safeguard.
What did I say, Melania?
Without a doubt, there is no room for compromise
when it comes to this essential right
that all women possess from birth.
Individual freedom.
What does my body, my choice really mean?
Wait, what?
Individual freedom is a fundamental principle
that I safeguard.
Without a doubt, there is no room for compromise
when it comes to this essential right
that all women possess from birth.
Individual freedom.
What does my body, my choice really mean?
I feel like that's somehow not pro-choice,
but it sounds, maybe it's meant to be like a trap.
Yeah, maybe that's somehow about immigration.
Maybe just her accent is making me think about,
oh, well look, she should have said,
she should have made her point.
She should have been more aggressive,
like I was saying, be like,
the fucking bodies and choices, get on board.
And even if I didn't know what it was,
I'd be like, whoa, all right.
Something about it being MelaniaTrump.com
makes me think it's probably not a pro-choice website,
but she's running a false flag operation, damn it.
Oh my God, a little Casim clip.
Summits is run, Summits is stop.
It has to be to do kind of longer form videos, though.
I think we watched it anyway.
We need to drag race between these four vehicles.
Stop it, the internet.
There we go, sorry.
All right.
Ooh, extreme sports.
All right, let's finally get away from politics.
It's sporting time.
Summits is run, Summits is stop.
Summits is run, Summits is stop.
Summits is hands up, Summits is hands up.
Athletes at work.
Summits is run and plays, Summits is stop.
Yeah, maybe that was an AI, Melania.
Summits is hands down, hands up, hands up,
Summits is hands up, hands down, Summits is hands down,
run and plays, oh, did it.
Summits is hands up, Summits is hands on head,
Summits is hips, Summits is hips, Summits is hips,
Summits is hips, Summits is hips, Summits is hips,
Summits is head, Summits is tap, Summits is stop,
Summits is stop, hands up, hands up, Summits is hands up,
hands down, Summits is hands down.
They're good.
is
Oh, he was too slow.
Wave it around, wave it around,
summits his wave, summits his stop.
Wave it around, wave it around, summits his wave,
summits his run, summits his stop, hands down.
Oh, wait, wait, I couldn't even really catch the loss there.
Can we see that again?
Wave, summits his run, summits his stop, hands down.
Oh, the hands did go down.
It's streamers, unfortunately.
As I like to call them, crisis athletes.
Crisis athletes, they're posing as athletes,
but really, they're streamers.
Don't you start fucking doing that.
No stealing vandalism from actual athletes.
I thought they were doing a good job with Simon Says.
Doesn't that make them an athlete?
No, they're tricking you.
They're taking food off the plate
of hardworking actual Simon Says athletes.
Just because they got a following,
suddenly there are the hot shots
in the Simon Says athlete community.
When you put it like that, Sammy, yeah, brutal.
But chat was impressed,
and all of it I kinda want to see, they were pretty good.
That fucking miskiff.
I don't think that was miskiff.
The lips weren't red enough.
Okay, let's see what Kassim has for us.
Kassim from the past.
Or as I like to call them, pastum.
Pastum G.
Born in your life?
Oh, yes, I am, yes, I am.
Yes, yes.
It was miskiff.
Fuck.
Ladies are fucking suck and licking.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la.
This is not creepy at all.
I want to do it all.
If you're not fucking and sucking,
you're licking and laughing.
And you do not fuck, you shall not suck,
and you shall have everything
when your fucking suck children come about.
If you're not fucking and sucking,
you are a new children.
You're not editing.
You're Mrs. Wong said,
call me.
You're gonna create costs with it.
Don't worry about it.
Call me.
Just basically the same guy.
It's like K's talking to himself, you know.
Now have a door,
hold your door,
step it,
30 minutes or three.
They're trying to dodge a copyright strike.
What's going on here?
Make sure to rate, comment, and subscribe
to Kassim G.
That's me.
I'm Kassim.
Do it in a place.
The rate.
Right.
Right.
Maybe to subscribe.
No raping.
Just.
You know, I sensed it go in there
and then it got there.
Yeah, you could feel you could feel
a certain word was in the air
and then it did make an appearance.
That's what happens on the streets.
Yeah, yeah, this.
Grape, grape and subscribe.
No way that's actually Kassim.
It must be some kid that could be
maybe Kassim's little brother.
That might be actually a video from yesterday
from Kassim's little brother.
Oh yeah, forget about Kassim's little brother.
His name is just M.
It's not right.
It's not.
Damn it.
What's going on here?
Scooter cast.
A 9.08.
All right, you know,
we got away from politics for a minute
and but as punishment for having any fun,
we got to listen to this Trump supporter scream at us.
Wait, why?
I don't make the rules case.
Every other video, every three videos
is if we're gonna need to have a guy
in a Trump hat yelling us.
Oh, that sucks.
That's just how the world is, man.
It's not always fun, but it's what we got to do.
He's a little out of it.
I'm watching one of the presidential debates.
Fire AOC.
This seems like a productive conversation.
This is what happens when baseball gets less popular case.
Maybe you're right.
Damn it, all those people could be at a baseball game,
but it's just not quite as popular as it used to be.
And now they got to put that out somewhere
so you put on your colors
and you just yell stuff at each other.
Fortunately, it is tied, I think,
a little bit to their actual beliefs, but...
People used to believe in baseball.
We need people to believe in baseball again
so they can stop caring about everything else.
He did say kiss my gay white ass.
King of Bacon, thank you so much for the 21 months.
Are we just trusting that his ass is white?
It looked like it would be.
Kiss my gay white ass is...
He doesn't deserve to say something so fun.
He's gonna act like that.
We might have to revoke his privileges
to say cool stuff like kiss my gay white ass.
Bids like that are shining a flashlight
down into a porta-potty.
Yeah, and you know, I've dropped my keys in there before.
Sometimes he just got to let the keys go.
Just leave the car.
Just leave the car in that Trader Joe's parking lot forever.
Why are you in a porta-potty in a Trader Joe's parking lot?
Because it was a local DJ event
in a Trader Joe's parking lot.
So what?
All right, fair enough.
Oh, Triumph made an appearance.
Boy, politics.
Just an endless font of fascinating decisions
by everyone involved.
Here's Triumph, the insult comic dog.
I'm assuming that the vice presidential debate.
It's me, Ma.
I'm JD's me, Ma.
So I don't know that you're Mike.
He's pretty quiet, actually.
I'm Mike.
You're stuck with me.
We're not gonna make fun of JD Vance's grandmother,
but we do appreciate the comedy artistry
of Robert Smigel and Triumph.
Thank you.
The Hulkster, how about the Hulkster?
No, the Hulk.
I'm here to spin for the JD Vance.
So good to see you.
Thank you.
Back to the topic.
Back to the topic.
Is that Dana Bash?
Oh my God, it is.
JD Vance is doing what Donald Trump wants.
Or is that Mizkiff?
It's me, Ma.
I'm JD's me, Ma.
So I don't know that you're Mike.
That's fucked up, though.
You got to leave the me, Ma's out of it.
That was just hard work in me, Ma's.
It's so fucked up to bring them up
in the middle of a political race.
What kind of person uses their me, Ma, for politics?
Well, every politician, but also definitely JD Vance
who does bring her up.
And wrote about her and kind of signed her life rights away
to be played in a movie.
I think you might be fair game by the time
the vice presidential candidate has used you
as a identity tool to try to get himself
elected with rural voters,
even though it's not technically her fault.
I do unfortunately think JD Vance is me, Ma's fair game.
Me, Ma says, vote against your rights and interests.
Oh, they do say that.
Why am I, you should always say,
I'll tell you what your fucking rights are.
Then she'd say, where's the beef in your fucking mouth?
Hmm.
I think I'm starting to maybe understand
where these commercial-like memories you have come from.
What do you mean?
Nothing.
Yeah, she was quoting the commercial.
Wu Tang is for children.
All right, let's see what the kids are up to then.
There's some Wu Tang kids.
What the hell?
Whoa, he's putting out the aura.
He's pushing him back.
The sense in his power level.
I remember when cops used to beat up a guy
just for wearing a hat.
And now they're scared of a guy in a hat.
What the fuck's happened into this country?
Actually, I know it looks a little silly.
I do think they're probably,
I don't know why there's four of them up there,
but I do think backing away from someone
in that situation is the right choice.
I mean, what are you gonna do?
Just beat the shit out of them and drag them down off there?
Probably, again, de-escalation is actually kind of a good thing.
Oh shit, case, I'm falling asleep.
I'm actually, my favorite sleeping pill is bullshit,
which is what you're saying.
You should have fucking speared them through it.
They, exactly.
Boom, hat goes flying off, flies to the moon,
lands on the moon, down the moon's in a red hat.
They fucking get the elbow drops on them.
They beat them with baton,
so it's fucking black and low.
You know?
You mean they just use excessive force?
Yeah.
Don't you miss them doing that?
No, they still do that a lot.
So I'm just saying it's kind of a relief
not to see them do that.
They're just taking the fun out of them,
beating up this drunk guy on a roof.
Well, they didn't do that, exactly.
Mm-mm.
Okay, we already saw this Krusty Krab video.
Let's do a couple more that we missed yesterday.
Well, what are these?
That's his fucking problem he thinks he-
This ants?
See if this is an ant video.
I think it might be an ant video.
That's his fucking problem he thinks he's tough.
He thinks he-
I'm gonna hold this motherfucker right here.
Uh-oh, I might've been wrong.
Get him out the room!
Get him out the room!
Get him out the room!
Get him out the-
It was more of a plant assault video.
He's a tough-sum bitch, thank you.
That's okay.
We got something for your ass.
We gonna get you.
We gonna see that kid.
When did he get back with the shit?
We gonna cut your shit up.
They didn't get him!
What the hell is happening to this country?
I ask you again, Case.
It was just a-
It was just a weed.
That's how it starts.
You can't handle a fucking-
I remember when men used to be men.
Okay?
You'd fix your broken car to drive to the weed factory,
not the drug.
The place where brawny men pull weeds out of the ground
with their bare hands and use them to build tents.
Which country was this?
Ancient Mesopotamia.
I don't think they did that there.
Listen, I'm just saying men used to be men.
We used to handle stuff.
And now you get it.
You know?
That was a pretty woody weed, yeah.
It looked like it was deep in there.
Doesn't fucking matter.
Does not fucking matter.
Oh shit, blastoise.
Alright, here's blastoise to remind us what real men looked like.
There's still hope.
There's still hope for this world.
That's what a man looks like.
It's a blastoise.
Exactly.
Holy soprano energy.
Man, I would love to see if only James Gandolfini was around
and could play blastoise in a Pokemon movie.
He's just the main character of the Pokemon movie.
Is James Gandolfini his blastoise?
That does sound beautiful.
Most people wouldn't be able to pull it off
because of that raw machismo.
But Gandolfini could.
What if it happened with TikTok getting banned?
Well, it was politically expedient to say it would.
But I'm guessing in practice,
there's probably some legal issues with...
I mean, even though they are technically the law,
there's probably even further legal issues with...
We're gonna force this foreign company to sell
to the United States.
Maybe it'll still happen,
but there's been almost no discussion of it
that I've seen anywhere in the media.
So I think they're just quietly kind of waiting
until they need another round of...
sweet treats for middle American parents.
Don't worry, middle American parents.
The things you're mad about, we're working on them.
There was a mob of squirtles.
He could run the whole canto.
James Gandolf blastoise, runnin' the whole canto.
That sounds pretty good.
We'll never get it. Sucks.
Oh, wait, maybe with AI.
Please don't put that out there, Sammy.
Maybe AI can make James Gandolfine the blastoise.
And then it's like he's doing it for real.
Please stop, Sammy.
Just tell you that if we're gonna use the technology,
we should use it for good.
Sounds like a bad idea.
So China can steal my data, but I can't have a porn hub?
Yeah.
Why'd you say a porn hub?
Well, it's a porn hub.
It's a hub of porn, a porn hub.
Case, what are you afraid will be your October surprise?
I'm going to China, but that's not till November.
You're going to fucking China?
I knew this guy's a fucking traitor.
Well, you're gonna go and say that you were there
for the Tiananmen Square stuff too?
No, that was a long time ago.
It would be impossible.
Exactly.
Every fucking line about that nowadays.
It's a stretch to call that alive
in the context that it's being used rather slanderously,
but whatever.
Let's move on, Sammy.
There's maidens, medieval maidens doing things.
Let's see what they are.
Wait, what am I seeing?
What, he became a different guy.
I feel like there's some stuff
we're just not supposed to see, Case.
Well, you didn't like that.
I thought that was a beautiful story.
She's trapped in the prison with Zheng Hu.
But Zheng Hu only cares about her well-being
ahead of his own, even though he's such a powerful horseman.
Nobody else enjoyed the story of Zheng Hu
in that maiden?
What was it?
Case.
What the fuck was it?
It was Zheng Hu.
I don't know what to tell you, man.
Either you get Zheng Hu for you don't.
Think that was private?
It was meant to be shared.
And I'm glad we all got to see this today.
There's still a little bit of beauty left in this world.
I'm fucking with you, propaganda.
What the fuck did I just watch?
You watched Zheng Hu.
And that was courtesy of Riri Beebe.
That was Riri Beebe and Zheng Hu.
I feel wrong.
I feel so wrong I don't want to be right.
It was just end on that.
I demand that we do two more after Zheng Hu.
Yeah, I think Zheng Hu will probably be on Netflix pretty soon.
Just wait until, just give it a couple of years
for the nostalgia to wrap back around.
And it'll be like, oh thank God Zheng Hu
just got a TV deal.
Zheng Hu.
You really didn't like it?
I did not enjoy that.
All right, let's see, please show us something else.
Yeah means yeah.
No means no.
No, yeah means yeah.
Yeah, no means no.
Yeah, no for sure means sure.
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Means no.
Yeah, no, yeah means I can do it.
No, yeah, no means I'm definitely not doing it.
Follow to learn more about Canadians.
Oh, okay.
Now we know.
Yeah, no.
Yeah, no means yes.
Yeah, no, I know, you know?
Which means yes, you know, yeah.
We do kind of talk like that too.
Oh, well, we're appropriating Canadian culture then, you know.
Stop it, you're not Canadian.
I'm like, I sound a little Canadian.
Kind of a Midwestern voice courtesy of my parents
growing up in Michigan.
I can still a little Canadian Valor.
Stop stealing Canadian Valor case.
It's fucked up.
Let's end with Donkey Kong.
Ruiners of Donkey Kong's death have been greatly exaggerated.
So let's end on something positive.
7.1 for you know.
You know I agree.
I do think a lot of people do say you know now
that I think about it.
It's not Valor, it's Ham.
I am stealing Ham.
Stop stealing Ham case.
Case is just a maple leaf?
Maybe.
Fucking nice next to hot.
Maybe that's why he changes his jacket so quickly.
I'm just a quick change artist.
Well, whatever, yeah, like you know, whatever, you know.
Let's check out Donkey Kong and get out of here.
Put your trust in no man, no man, no man.
Pull up, just to see what's up.
Wishes in my triple.
That's fucking great.
Let's see that again.
I wish it was 20 minutes longer.
You can't put your trust in no man, no man, no man.
Pull up, just to see what's up.
With came with.
Beautiful.
That's the perfect one to end on.
I see no reason not to end on that.
Way to go, way to go DK.
Showing boss, showing Bowser exactly whose neighborhood it is.
Use down a Bowser.
But they're both low tier characters.
So if anything, it's a more fair fight.
I always thought it was fucked up.
They didn't give those two a better move set
because they'd be beasts in any kind of fighting
competition featuring like marios and hedgehogs.
You think a giant dinosaur and a gorilla
should do better than a plumber and a hedgehog?
I do.
So why are those two so fucking both beefed up?
Fox fucking wave dashing all over the place?
Meanwhile, they've given fucking Bowser
Diaz they can barely cancel out of.
Oh, you're a bit of a smash head.
Fucking know how to play melee bitch.
You know?
I didn't know that.
I know how to play fucking melee, bitch.
Hey, that's fine.
I'll fuck you up.
Change row you.
I will fucking shine there shoot.
Yeah, I got that level of fucking finger dexterity.
Really?
Sometimes.
Well, 30% I hit it.
If you know how to charge DK's punch, you can manage.
Yeah, I would argue that you're actually
just being an uncreative player, Sammy.
I'm fucking I play his peach sometimes.
That's just the basically creativity
is the name of the game there, case.
I feel like she's more of an RNG character actually.
Fuck you.
You don't understand the subtle art of projectiles.
All right, look, that's all the time we have cases
fixing to get a fucking you can you
big old charged up the K punch if you're not careful.
Even Mario and Luigi are enemies in the democracy of smash.
That's true.
It's a totally level playing field.
A land of infinite opportunity, if you will.
Wolf is the best.
What are you playing fucking brawl?
You play in fucking project them?
Sure, why not?
Melee, Melee or nothing.
The only one where they stuck through
an actual competitive game.
Everything else you got to mod that shit.
All right, that's all the fucking time we have.
Kendall's home and we'll see you soon.
All right, bye, everybody.
Kendall is home, but she's immediately in a meeting.
She's stuck in.
She's stuck in over the intro.
What can you do? You know?
All right.
Boom.
What else did I say I would talk about today?
Oh, Bigfoot.
Apparently there's been another Bigfoot video.
I'm sure a very legitimate one.
She is a busy woman.
You know, we almost never do conspiracy time,
but Bigfoot probably falls under that category.
So we'll let Guy Redacted actually make a rare appearance
and we'll look at some Bigfoot stuff.
I'm curious to see this video.
And I'm assuming Guy has the inside scoop, so.
Let's see. It's a little bit of truth.
That's for truth, fellow truth seekers.
Finally, the embargo on facts and reason
has been lifted on this stream.
They says I'll barely make appearances.
That's intentionally cause of the yellow,
honestly, piss yellow journalism that goes on
on this network.
I hate to call it out, but they're afraid of the facts.
They're afraid to let a real maverick
actually have their day in court.
And I honestly, I'm pissed that I'm as pissed as all of you
that fucking claiming time guy.
Absolutely mud-racked, mud-raked,
stepped on a mud-rake and whacked him in the face.
He's probably in his dark cottage.
He's a friend, he's a colleague.
I come here as a favor to him, if anything.
Just try to continue his brave legacy of a guy who
kind of is like a different guy sort of than maybe
that other guy sucks.
All right, there's been big foot sightings.
Case got one thing right.
Unless the big foot has made another appearance.
Certainly not his only one,
but he's a little paparazzi boy.
He likes to act like he doesn't like the attention,
but then he just shows up and he's putting it all out there
and just waving himself around for the world to see.
And I think when you see this video, you'll understand,
it's not so much a cryptid at this point
as it's a loitering neighbor.
Very troubling behavior here from Bigfoot.
Clementine is currently at a farm upstate.
I can't confirm or deny if he's in a farm cottage
or just sort of a shitty apartment,
but he's, I'm sure he's somewhere.
I'm trying to actually decide if I'm sure.
All right, let's see what this big foot looks like.
I've already seen this video.
I've previewed it and it's him.
I can already confirm 100% that it's him.
There he is.
What's not to believe in at this point.
See that?
Literally a full shot of the face there.
Let's run that back.
Let's break this down.
As you can see, he's lounging around.
I hate to stereotype about a lazy big foot
doing no work, providing no value to the American economy,
but clogging up our forests.
Eventually, and I'm assuming the man
who took the video has probably passed,
he notices and as you can see here,
a completely inhuman yet disturbingly close to human face.
People say these videos are blurry,
but you can see it honestly really clearly.
You can see that.
There's no faking this.
That's the Bigfoot's face.
And they're not gonna be thrilled
if when you bring that home to meet mom and dad,
they're gonna say, you're faking that guy?
So, look, this is an epidemic and a scourge.
These guys are lounging about in all of our forests.
Let me just run this back one more time.
He probably will eat your pets.
I know everybody's mad at me for saying that.
I said, yeah, Bigfoot, they're eating your pets.
But he's eating like 16 of my dogs.
I'm only, I'm down to like 10 dogs left.
I can barely pull my sled down the highway.
And yeah, I ride a dog sled down the highway.
That's my ride as an American.
But I'm barely keeping a full kennel of dogs
because the Bigfoot's keep eating them.
And also I don't put them in a fence.
I just let them free roam.
But they do a good job
and that's the Bigfoot's that are getting them.
Looks like every Bigfoot you've ever seen,
that's because it is one of them.
You think I'm clearly Clementine in disguise?
It's the same guy on glasses and a wig.
Look, I love Clementine, but good luck
getting the hair this pointy.
I wear this hat just to tame my hair.
It would be going.
It would blow your mind if I took this hat off.
Free range dogs are the tastiest.
That's unfortunately true
because they live wild and free
and it makes their meats more tender.
I don't know that because I've had them.
I know that because of the notes
the Bigfoot's leave me on my door.
They say, thanks for the meal.
I'll be back for more.
That's how it goes.
Look, there's an article attached to this.
Let's see if they provide any more context.
Clearest capture of a Bigfoot ever surfaces online
and people are freaking out
because they haven't dealt with them as much as I have.
They're not ready to be disappointed.
And if a figure can be seen
sitting underneath a tree in the forest
a short distance away from the camera.
Well, we saw that they're describing the video.
While many clips claiming to be the mythical creature
Bigfoot tend to be quite blurry.
So people were left reeling from this reel
which was much clearer.
Many people were skeptical of the clip.
The thumb appeared convinced by it.
They took to the comments.
Okay, let's see how the comments are going down.
I can actually go directly to the comments.
They're not going to trick me.
Where are these comments at?
I want the comments.
Dang it. Where's the freaking comment?
Hello.
There they are.
Comments. I can't click on the comments.
I lied. I can't show you the comments.
All right, I guess let's go back to the article then.
Damn.
This video is the Jack Link costume
and has a similar color, furl and facial features
to the figure shown in the video.
Like that's supposed to be some surprise.
Well, who do you think Jack's Link's base,
the Bigfoot off of?
Of course it's going to look like the Bigfoot
because they made one for the commercial
based on the real Bigfoot.
When I was where they shot the footage,
the person who posted the video said it had been
in the parallel forest in Lawton, Oklahoma,
which is just known Bigfoot.
What the fuck is going on here?
Oh my God. What the hell?
Jesus Christ.
All right. Sorry, I got distracted.
One person pointed out how the figure
had looked into the video saying,
nah, the iron rolls back looking just like sleeves.
Well, where?
She posts the video proof if that's true.
Where's Cas if you need it?
Maybe I can convince Casem.
Who's the close and personal friend
to talk about this case later?
Put them on the straightener, I say.
You need to start taking this more seriously.
The government is suppressing the comments.
I clicked on the comments button on TicTac
and it didn't do anything.
Anyway, meanwhile, someone else joke,
I wonder if we're doing a commercial.
Well, it's a commercial for all your cats
getting devoured by Bigfoot.
So if you like that kind of advertising, then line up.
There have been many anecdotal claims
of people having seen Bigfoot over the years.
Then let Bigfoot as general regard is
falling within cryptozoology.
A pseudoscience.
Well, technically every pseudoscience
is a pseudoscience because the only one true science
is our God above, which looks,
but anyway, it looks like animals and creatures
which do not exist.
Well, this is apparently a real animal
and let me ask you this, what the fuck is that?
What the fuck am I even looking at?
And I look at it at a bird asshole, bird mouth.
What is that?
But I'm not supposed to believe a Bigfoot is real.
Bigfoot's dick has to be massive.
Well, what if he follows gorilla logic though?
The gorillas are working with some of the weakest thoughts
of the animal kingdom.
And I wonder why?
Why has science and radiation in the water forced the gorilla,
once proud and probably rocking a big hog
to have a tiny little weird thing
that the lady gorillas barely even noticed
when it's happening?
Even though gorillas objectively are fucking jacked and huge.
I ask you, why?
Can medical science explain that?
And they can't, but I'm just supposed to believe it
when a scientist says, oh, there's no Bigfoot.
I'm just supposed to shut up and accept the stye.
I gotta establish a little bit of decorum around here.
People are forgetting that if you say that word,
that means that it's science time.
And I'm here, I'm here.
So you got a question about gorilla dicks
or dicks in general.
Well, why would you ignore the fact
that there's the skynetist?
Right here.
Sometimes when you put all your talent points
into being jacked or strong,
you don't have enough to stat into schlong.
That's why you gotta grind.
You gotta grind your stats up
and you gotta spec further into schlong
through the jelking stat.
Now, a skynet has proven that the jelking stat
is a legitimate place to place your attribute points.
And look, I was born huge,
but I wanted to have jelt to disturbing lengths,
disturbing the peace of my neighbors
with all the hot sex I have
because of my huge fucking penis, maybe.
Ha ha ha ha.
One, one, good one, Chad.
Right work.
Thank you.
Thank you, I liked it, but my penis is good.
Of course, yeah, for sure.
Thank you.
Hey, Chad, why is called a hog
when pigs have a small one?
Actually, if you stretch the pig penis out
because it's like a wine screw,
pigs actually, they evolved the penis
that can uncork wine because they're a farm animal.
And back in the day, farmers didn't have,
they didn't have wine screws,
so they would just slap a pig on top of their wine,
spin them around.
But if you stretch that penis out,
it actually is really long.
Well, it's not that thick
because pigs put all of their thickness stats into stomach.
That's just Skynes.
Chad, have you stretched out a hog's penis?
Look, I trust the Skynes on this one.
I haven't personally stretched out a pig penis,
but I've got an ungood authority from the Mayo Clinic,
which is a great place to buy pink sauce, mayonnaise,
really any kind of vinegar-based condiment
that you can stretch out a pig penis,
and it's real big when you do.
Good information here, Chad. Thanks.
Thank you, Chita.
Hog is actually an acronym for huge on girth,
huge or girth, huge or girth.
Wouldn't it be both?
I'm gonna have to check into the signs on that one.
Well, look, there actually was a penis story
from a couple of days ago.
That maybe we should check in on.
I was gonna talk about solar flares or some shit,
but if we're talking cocks today,
then don't kick a gift horse in the cock.
Oh, yeah, someone literally posted a gorilla penis story.
So I can cover the facts as they are proven to be here.
Gorillastics are absolutely tiny.
The reason why is fascinating.
So, Mr. Redacted, with respect, the Skyantist is talking.
Let's get into this for real.
Jay credible, thank you for 23 months of news battling,
which I didn't realize we were fighting the news,
but according to Case's alerts, I guess we are.
Gorilla Dixitiny, gorillas talk a big game
with all their chest dumping
and basically continuous farting.
Well, respect, game recognized game,
but there's one very specific, very human metric
by which they come up humiliatingly short, literally.
That's right.
It's dick time again.
Well, sometimes Skyantz leads you down
the gilded path of penis.
Your basic silverback gorilla, whether Eastern or Western,
will be up to 1.8 meters tall
and 200 kilo G's in weight.
For Americans, that's the equivalent
of a five nine foot tall, 441 pound dude.
I mean, I'm close to seven feet tall
and even I'm only putting up like 300.
Granted, it's all muscle, like, yeah,
but I'm close to seven and probably like 350,
but can you imagine if I lost like a foot of height
but I still weighed more?
Watch that seven feet tall.
That's an incredible achievement.
Given that I'm pretty sure you're six two,
what based on our last measurement?
Excuse me?
No, I'm just saying it's really cool
that nine or seven feet tall, that's very impressive.
I've always been this tall.
Even as a baby, I came out seven feet.
So I guess you have your numbers wrong.
Oh, my mistake, of course.
Absolutely, absolutely, dog.
I mean, six two would still be pretty tall actually
if you think about it, but like that is close to seven feet.
It's hard to measure how strong a gorilla really is,
but estimates range from around four X to 10 X
stronger than your average human well average.
On those BBC Wild Love magazines, Gorilla Guide,
a silverback gorilla's strength is certainly formidable.
All gorillas can tear down banana trees
without trying to, well, so can I.
They escape from cages by blending the iron bars
and sorry, bending, but maybe blending them up too.
Just like bring me with their fingers,
like fucking iron fingers.
Like in that anime with the pressure points,
you know what I'm talking about?
What?
You know, you fucking,
I thought you were supposed to know everything, I guess not.
They've escaped from cages by bending the iron bars
and they have a bit bite force of around 1300 PSI
or Si or Gangnam style as we like to say.
It's all very intimidating and seemingly at odds
with another fun gorilla fact
that you may not be aware of,
that gorillas as mighty as they are
had the smallest penises in the entire eight family.
In fact, it's the smallest relative to body size
and this is devastating of any mammal.
Sorry, gorillas.
I hate to report the facts, but facts is,
not that I forgot that I got a little guys,
that they got a little guys,
even though they're one of the biggest guys.
And how is the best of us, Chad?
It's really nothing to be ashamed of.
No, I'm trying to say like,
that's making them feel a little bit of shame
is what I'm going for.
Oh, well, why?
Because it's cool to have a huge penis.
Everybody says so.
Everybody?
Everybody ever said that and that's why I do.
Stop this music.
Now we're all about equal opportunity dick sizes
here at I Feel Science,
but the miniature nature of the gorilla fells
really is no tour d'etat.
At around three centimeters, 1.1 inches long.
Whoa, 400 pounds with a 1.1 inch penis?
Dude, God really is cruel.
They should have let me design some of these animals
because I would have given them a fucking rocking hog.
That is a surprising portion given the body size for sure.
At around 1.1 inches long,
it's shorter than the average newborn baby penis.
Wait, shorter than the average for a newborn baby.
I thought maybe babies were born way smaller
than I realized.
Like the actual baby is 1.1 inches long.
No, that's not how tiny baby dicks.
I'm catching on to that now.
Far smaller than the cutoff of a human micro penis.
So great news, folks.
Fellas, if you're feeling insecure,
your shit's way bigger than a gorilla's
even if your micro is hail.
Not only are the least well endowed,
are they the least well endowed family
in terms of the length of their equipment,
but they're also pretty lacking
in the ball department too.
Not even a ball?
They're not even a ball?
What?
They're not even a ball?
I guess.
Their testes are small.
Their sperm count is low.
And even the little swimmers they do shoot out
are pretty poor at their actual job.
Their sperm sucks?
What the fuck is going on?
Gorillas are so cool.
Why are they getting played like this by nature?
I guess, oh shoot, I guess maybe humans
specked into penis and we specked out of muscle
and we put tiny little port,
we put a little bit into intelligence
just to get slightly smarter than a gorilla.
Accurate.
But we put the points where they needed.
It was like 600 points just to get one extra inch of penis.
Who the fuck wrote this?
I agree, they're slandering these gorillas,
but it was published by an unknown author.
So I know that it's legit.
It's off the website IFLscience,
which is like the NFL of science
because it's close in letters.
So if you don't trust the NFL,
then I guess don't trust this article.
Ahem.
Gorillas also have a large proportion of
immotile and morphologically abnormal sperm.
Gorilla sperm also bind the eggs,
zonapel, peluchida.
Is this the animal that Knuckles is?
Peluchida?
Are you asking?
No, I've decided it is.
Because you could say he's an echinda,
but I don't know why I've got an informant.
It's actually a peluchida.
Yeah, and Knuckles is sperm.
Knuckles is in gorilla sperm.
That's crazy.
Anyway, it's weaker than other species is the point.
In fact, it's so baked into the gorilla genome
that these underwhelming features
that they could now be helping our own species to multiply.
In that same study, researchers were able
to match up certain genes in gorillas
with their equivalent in humans,
finding that many were markedly enriched in men
with low to no sperm counts.
Fuck, what about the gorilla diet
or the gorilla alpha brain or the gorilla mindset
or all the hot gorilla products that I've
literally spent thousands of dollars on over the years?
I don't think it goes down in effect
on your sperm count or penis size, Jack.
Obviously not.
Basically gorillas are nature's one short argument
against big dick energy, having anything
to do with actual physiology, and they
make sucket idiots to the entire manosphere crowd.
Well, what are we sucking at this point?
We're basically sucking a thimble.
So jokes on you, I could suck a thimble all day.
Yeah, yeah, I guess you could.
I could.
Anyway, why are they so tiny?
Tell us, Skynes.
It may strike you as odd that a silverback gorilla, literally
the huge, most powerful, most literally alpha primate
there is, would have such minute genitalia.
As counterintuitive as it may seem,
two factors are likely why that's happening.
The male gorilla's huge stature is in fact
the reason why that has hit just a mild little penis.
Explained, Susan Harvey, now head of the school,
is impacting national partnership.
Why? It's simple.
Gorilla societies are both strictly hierarchical
and also polygond.
But that is, there is a single dominant male.
And he has soul mating rights with all the females
in the group.
Basically, their genitals are small
because they have no need to be big.
Sorry, ladies.
Shit.
When competition with males occurs through physical aggression,
an alpha male may fight off rivals and controls
on mating success without the need for sperm competition.
Other physically smaller males have little access
to females in the group.
Compared gorillas to their big bald chimpanzee cousins,
the picture becomes even clearer.
Chimps and like gorillas live in a large, multi-male,
multi-female group where females are
able to mate with many males.
Spurs can live for up to four days after ejaculation.
What the fuck?
It's like those little space moles.
And consequently, when females mate with two males
in close succession, sperm from two males
can be in direct competition.
Damn, I guess that's an argument for fucking being
poly as shit.
I know my sperm could fucking compete with all of my boys
if it had to.
Sorry, Jake.
Who's Jake?
My boy.
My boy, Jake.
Sorry.
My sperm could beat yours.
If you want to test it, Jake is still married.
I'm just saying, if he wants to test it, give me a call.
You know, I've been experimenting lately.
But it is up to you and your wife, obviously.
What?
If you're a male chimp hoping to spurt your DNA
into the next generation, then it's
your best interest to produce powerful, efficient sperm
and lots of it.
The result?
A pair of massive testes.
More than a third the weight of the chimp's brain.
Humans come in at less than 3% for comparison,
capable of producing vast amounts of sperm many times a day.
I basically have chip balls, it turns out.
I always figured I had gorilla balls because I'm fucking
jacked and huge.
But I guess I actually have chip balls?
That's nuts because they're little.
And anyway, how do humans measure up?
Well, there's no need to read this.
Fucking huge and awesome.
As a human, what we evolved.
People think what we evolved is big thumbs.
Nah.
It was just fucking rocking hogs because we
care about our women.
And sexual satisfaction is, I think, 90% penis size
is what I've read.
Where did you read that?
I think I read it in a Playboy or something when I was
science, the Playboy Science of Journal.
My point is respect yourself.
And don't let the haters get you down.
And together, through the power of science,
it turns out all of our dicks are way bigger
than most animals.
And you can take that to the bank.
And Jake's wife, I apologize if I said anything weird.
That's all I wanted to say.
Thank you for the follow-up of Southern UK.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, anyway, that's why gorillas do have small ones.
And that's rough for them.
But what I also want to say is there's
an impending major geomagnetic storm that
will impact the Earth.
But there's no time for that.
So just know that that's going to happen.
Oh, what should we know about that?
No, it's just pretty colors and stuff.
Don't worry.
It's just a geomagnetic storm from the sun.
It's not that big of a deal.
Oh.
It's just a little geomagnetic storm.
That's all the time we have.
And look up because there's going
to be some sky ants in the sky soon.
And I'll be skying on all of it with you
in the next time of where we did the sky ants and up
to everybody and penis stuff.
OK, bye.
Check out the science.
OK, it is once again time to elect a Rennerton mayor.
Exclamation point, oh, is how you elect a candidate.
Whoever wins will be officially entered into the race.
Against it turns out Shamrock O'Johnson
for the next Rennerton mayorship.
Sponsor the reefer, thank you for the 19 months.
We got Peter.
We got Crumb.
We've got September Tyler and Steve seven bows.
Oh, Sammy, Sammy seven elbows.
Ooh, Crumb will Crumb make it?
Could Crumb possibly finally run for the mayorship of Rennerton?
A former mayor of Kremton.
September it offers some pretty stiff competition,
though.
So it looks like Crumb may be may have been forced out
of the race.
Will Munch even get to run?
I don't know.
Munch technically is already is sort of permanently on the ballad,
but I think only five mayors can run at a time.
And it looks like September has easily taken it.
So far we've got September and Papito.
Papito, how do you feel about your competition?
They're dumb.
They're not smart.
And they are keeping the fence for the farmers,
and so all of their burritos are getting taken by other people.
What?
If they're letting all the other people from another place
take all our burritos.
What?
Foreign guys or whoever are taking all of the farmers
burritos and we're not going to have any.
And that's what you're getting with the other guy who's
running who's a bug.
No, a lizard.
Same idea.
I don't know if I'm loving your governing style.
I'm just trying to let people know.
Like the fucking hamburgers are taking our burritos.
Why would a hamburger take the burritos?
I wish that.
Really bad guys.
There's some of the worst guys.
And we got to stop it.
And that's why you need to give me all the food.
No, you're running from air.
Give me everything.
And then we'll have burritos again.
I'll have all of them as many as I like.
OK, well, I guess Pepito.
I'm Pepito and I didn't have a message.
Oh, you approve the message.
I'm Pepito and there's a message somewhere.
I'm Pepito and I ate a message.
I'm Pepito.
Give me a massage.
OK, well.
Oh, we also have to talk to a Spartan guy
before the end of the stream.
Need the hamburgers, burglars perspective
on all this slander.
All right, hamburger.
Let's see if we can even find them.
Oh, yep, he's here.
Well, Pepito, I guess really pissed him off
because he showed it up right away.
Thank you for joining us at this time.
It's the hamburger.
Hi.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I feel the need of me.
Hop a fence and I take your fucking burrito.
Got the cheese.
I got the guac.
I take it all, bitch.
You know I don't stop.
Look out of your bed.
I've been sleeping right there.
Broken to your house and I do not care.
You making dinner?
You were about to get thinner.
Stole all your fucking food, bitch, because I'm a winner.
I'm that burger lot going too far.
Speeding down the road in a hamburger car.
Got a chicken McNugget and I know I'm going to love it.
I'm a fuck up a strump.
Eating everything.
Hamburger, I do a steady win.
Hamburger with an infinite grin.
I might have one tooth, but I know how to swim.
What do you mean?
Swam across the border of order.
I had no order.
Number two to 26, I stole a mile, brother.
That's ever a meal, but here's the deal.
It's free if you feel.
I don't pay a fucking cent and I don't pay rent.
I'm a burglar, baby.
If you know what I fucking meant, hamburger lie.
And you know I'm a star.
So you are stealing burritos?
You're stealing burritos from the farmer's fence?
Pepito wasn't lying?
Oh, no, man.
I'm not doing anything.
Mostly I'm trying to be a SoundCloud rapper.
I think you're time to do that as past.
I don't know if that's still a big thing.
Ah, shit.
You got any food I can have?
You know what?
Actually, don't say that I can.
That makes it no fun for me.
All right, I'm out.
OK, well, that's how that goes sometimes.
Try to do an interview, and they just come in hot, rapping.
No, I'm actually probably going to be
wrapping up in about 30 minutes.
You need me to stop?
Kendall?
Oh, no.
I think Kendall has a meeting.
Boy, it should be nice to have my own office in it.
In a house that we...
When will it happen?
When?
OK, it looks like Kendall is God.
So that's the hidden God of this stream.
If she needs it to end, it will.
All right, sick.
Yeah, it looks like we're clear on segments for now.
I hope they're all trying to hire the hamburger.
The hamburger's rotting around in this studio somewhere.
I'm hearing pots and pans rattling.
He doesn't really...
Little does he know, Pepito doesn't really keep food in the office.
He just keeps food on the floor.
Who pays the most rent cause of fight?
Excellent advice with Tree Midnight.
Little relationship advice for everybody.
If you ever want to drive your late egg wild,
say, I pay more rent than you.
It's especially effective when it's not true.
All right, let's see what else we got today.
What else did I say I would do?
What's the news?
Geomagnetic.
We actually kind of covered everything.
We did all the news today.
We did all three of the things I said I would.
I'm shocked.
Garth Brooks sued by makeup artist for sexual assault?
Oh, what the fuck?
Oh, geez.
Tina Peters has been...
We guess we did election denial stuff already.
What's the problem with this big move?
Basically, the house that we're moving to has been built.
Kendall's parents built an extension to a property
they already own.
That's like a three bedroom, sorry, a two bedroom house,
which is great.
It will be great if we can ever move in,
but the county put a hold on it for something.
I can't, I won't say what, but it's like...
fill in the blank pipes.
It's just a hold from...
like waste management or something.
It's permit BS.
And try to fix it.
There were like a bunch of steps.
They needed photos, but the photos kind of necessitated
like digging and redoing stuff.
And it was also, if it had been done correctly,
it's just, I guess some part of the approval process
wasn't done.
And it was expensive to fix.
So there was like a long period of trying to find some way
to work around like redoing a bunch of work,
but there was no way around it.
They just eventually had to do it.
The thing that's really held it up is it takes four weeks
for this particular agency to reply to any message.
There's no phone number to call.
There's no office to go to.
So the only, the hold that we have is from a particular
department in LA that has no phone number you can call,
no office and only an email.
And they take four business weeks, by the way,
to reply to any email, which is basically a month.
So I, like we were originally supposed to move in in December.
There were other holds for other reasons.
This is kind of the last hold,
but basically because there was a process of like,
hey, we don't really have to redo all this stuff
that's technically been approved by every other
red tape bureaucracy thing in this,
in this city that you have to get approvals from.
We really have to redo this.
So there was some back and forth,
but every back and forth took a full month.
So you know, when they say that there's a little bit
too much red tape that's preventing housing
from happening on a larger scale,
maybe I'm not really an anti-regulation guy,
but some of these don't feel so much like regulations
as they do.
I'm assuming ultimately like underfunded and understaffed,
semi-grifty, essentially red tape organizations
that don't so much exist to actually track the progress
or safety of a build, but is sort of just a
just an attached fee to building anything.
Yeah, what's up?
Hi, can I request help?
I'm looking for celebrities who are also known
in the gaming world or any developers in the gaming world
that are like pretty popular,
but all still cater to Gen Z.
Like Gen Z needs to know who they are.
Okay.
And we thought of like T-Pain, Jack Blank.
That's Kendall's way of saying Kassim is too old.
Okay, if you put Kassim on a stage,
no one's gonna know who he is.
I'm so sorry.
No one's gonna know who he is.
I'll know Kendall.
Austin Creed, I think she's looking for like-
I'm looking for people who Gen Z would know.
They might know Austin Creed.
W2B is popular.
Kassim doesn't game.
What? He's a gamer.
I thought about like Matthew Mercer,
but I'm like, is he gaming and is he Gen Z?
That's how I know I'm old is, who's that?
Do I know who that is?
Matthew Mercer?
Critical role.
Oh, I do know who that is.
All right, thanks.
Send me the-
You're not gonna wait and just look?
I'm gonna meet her.
She's in Greg Miller.
Todd Stashwick.
Tom Holland.
She want me to make a list
of what you guys are typing?
Skibbity toilet.
Skibbity toilet.
If you get Skibbity toilet, that'd be huge.
Oh, she's looking at answers too.
Okay, good news.
Felicia Day.
Jeff Gerstman.
Tony Hawk.
Everybody knows who Tony Hawk is.
We're just too old here, fellas and ladies.
And people, Devin Pantera.
I know that guy, I could get him.
I don't know.
Sometimes I wonder though, like when I was 18,
a lot of the celebrities I was aware of were in their 30s.
Or like, you know, certainly if it was like
a celebrity who was big in the 70s,
I wouldn't have known them at 18.
I just mean like, isn't culture kind of always
sort of circulating around people
in like their 20s to 40s?
Like if you get Henry Cavill,
which obviously maybe that's too much of a stretch,
but I think Gen Z people are gonna be like,
it's Henry Cavill.
It could have been different back then, that's true.
But like if you get a TikTok influencer,
they're like, they're huge with Gen Z
because they're on TikTok.
They're gonna be huge with a very specific audience
because everything is so stratified now.
Like unless you get Bella Porsche three years ago.
Like, yeah, but Zendaya is like a traditional celebrity.
I just, it's interesting because I'm in a lot of like,
marketing meetings or like brainstorming meetings
where stuff like this comes up like,
we need X Gen Z thing.
It's like, I feel like all these people are misreading.
They just, we all have such a lack of awareness of like,
of what young people actually think.
But you know, they end up just grabbing some random TikTok
and being like, we did it.
This is their Gen Z thing.
And of course, it's just like, it just doesn't fucking work.
I guess my argument is catering to age groups,
like really intentionally catering to age groups,
especially when older people are doing it,
is not a thing that I've seen done very well.
And a lot of the business,
well, in a lot of the businesses that I've worked for,
Jeff Keely, Sam Ohung,
you guys could be making up names that I would have no idea.
Sydney Sweeney's boobs, those would be a huge get.
I mean, they would be.
I did not know comment on the boobs themselves.
Computer Band Live and Sleazy Go.
I think Kendall would have a way better shot
of knowing what's hot with Gen Z than me.
AOC.
Like if Kendall's asking me,
what's the Gen Z gaming person?
She's unfortunately probably better off just asking a wall.
I will give her the worst advice,
but that's why you're here, chat, the kid Miro.
AOC does technically game.
I mean, technically we know a bunch of Twitch streamers.
I guess I just am like, what counts as a gaming celebrity?
Because again, Twitch is like very,
it's like a bunch of,
it's like people that have a really big niche,
like they have their own audience.
Kenny Omega would be fun,
but I don't know if Kendall wants to get an AEW wrestler.
Hassan, I don't know if he counts as a gamer.
I mean, what is it?
Like Valkyrie and like,
Skye's Toast.
Can you just get any of the gaming gamer house people?
VTubers?
Can just get a VTuber.
Hi, Sonette.
Yeah, how big can you go?
Oh, you want celebrities who aren't streamers.
I mean, Henry Cavill would be,
you want like an actual celebrity who games.
Henry Cavill would be pretty good in that case.
I think, Dane Cook.
Dane Cook, he's a celebrity.
He's, I see him on Twitch.
Silent Bob.
Jade Raymond.
I am kind of a VTuber.
I am definitely not what Kendall's looking for.
Outside of being my beautiful love,
I'm not what Kendall's looking for.
Jade Raymond looks nice.
Look, it's Jade Raymond.
Kendall, get Jade Raymond.
She kind of looks like Kate from Lost in this photo.
And we're watching that show.
Jason Muse does stream on Twitch, that's true.
Okay, let's do another segment.
I gotta get out of here soon.
But I guess we can do something else.
Should I cover, should we talk about another news?
Oh yeah, AEW.
We got some wrestling fans in chat.
Abby Russell.
Get Abby in there.
Yeah, I don't know how big of a,
I guess that's technically more in the streaming
or online category.
Mila Kunis.
Just don't get her husband.
Daniel Craig, that'd be fun.
Let's do some, we'll count this as sports news.
What's that I learned about this AEW TV rights deal?
It's technically news, meaning I can hit the button.
You're looking for a celebrity to do a thing.
I think fame is more of a vibe actually.
So Kendall, if you need a smooth talker
to reach these kids,
let your boy Garf take a swing at it.
I might not play games, but I do have a lot of fun.
Okay Garf, you guys,
you guys like to hang out with another guy some nights?
What do you mean?
Just asking.
If you need a little work done.
Okay Garf, you wrestling fan?
Also wait, didn't I have a song?
Did you ever make that song for me?
Didn't I make a whole song for you, Case?
Where is it?
Where's my beautiful music?
Come on.
I'm just checking if Case made it.
Yeah, that's right, I got access to your computer.
Hmm.
You didn't even render out my hot song, Case.
How could you do this to me?
This is what probably when you work with a producer
who's not on the ball,
you record a hot track for them,
they don't even make it.
It's in the queue.
I have a little list of things to do, Garf.
Ah, all right, well, disappointing,
but I guess let's talk about this important news.
News, news, news, news.
Now this is the news.
There's the news.
AEW set to stream on Max following new multi-year deal
with Warner Bros. Discovery.
I just gotta say be careful with the suits, man.
You know, deal is just another way of saying
deal with it from my experience.
They'll take you for everything, man.
We'll joke on them, I don't need nothing.
I think this is, this isn't really like a crooked movie
or music rights deal.
I mean, it could be a crooked deal.
I just think this is more of like a large-scale
corporate deal.
So not as big as some of the WWE numbers
people have thrown around.
You refuse to get Max.
Max actually has a okay library of stuff
because they have like every HBO show,
which is a lot of the shows I consider
some of the better shows in the last 30 years.
So I don't know, I do have this.
So to me, it's kind of good news.
But is it good, but is it business news?
We all care so much about business.
I care about the heart.
Is this good for the heart of these wrestlers?
Or is it swelling their heart?
Is it making them feel big for a little while?
But on the back end, they just got a big swollen heart.
What?
I guess let's find out.
All Elite Wrestling has officially signed a new
multi-year multimedia rights deal
with Warner Brothers Discovery.
Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed,
but according to sources, the deal is valued
at upwards of 150 big old smackeroonies.
Yeah, I would guess that it would more so be
from the substances they're using, Mr. Whoopi-Boo-Boo.
I'm talking about the heart health, the love health, man.
I don't believe in medicine.
What a surprise.
I believe the medicine is just your spirit returning
to liquid form.
Okay, stop making zero sense.
Boss is aware that not all streamers
can host on a big stage, but I know one who can,
Pepito.
Just because Pepito hired you, Kendall,
get Case's little dog guy to do it.
She's trying to get actual advice here, Garth,
while I'm just trying to keep the conversation going.
Creamy coins.
Get JD Vance.
Yeah, he plays magic, right?
Yeah, he's a huge magic guy, Kendall.
And he did so, everyone's saying he did so well
in that debate.
Aren't people saying that?
Unfortunately, certainly Republicans
are doing a bit of a victory lap after JD Vance,
in their opinion, seeming normal.
Wow, that's an exciting opinion.
JD Vance, normal.
Not what I would say.
Tim Walls, we're keeping it political.
He loves Dreamcast.
That's true, he's confirmed to love Dreamcast.
We're talking about AEW though right now.
Oh yeah, the wrestlers.
Anyway, the deal's valued at upwards of 150 million
smackaroonies, dollars, smackaballios, under the new deal,
AEW shows dynamite and collision will remain on TBS and TNT.
But for the first time since its launch,
AEW programming will stream live on Macs simultaneously
for US subscribers and will be available on stream
on demand starting in January 2025.
Delta Burke, I see, live in Sleazy,
is Pete Delta Burke the full name of a person?
Maybe.
Macaballios, ooh, that's a great word for money.
One of the One Direction guys plays Yu-Gi-Oh.
You know what, I'm just gonna Google
famous celebrity gamers.
We'll take a break from this story.
Cause maybe this will just, maybe this,
32 gamers, celebrities that play video games.
All right, well I can see one problem
with this story already based on the first selection.
He'll be hard to get.
Tragically, he will be hard to get.
Mila Kunis, already been said.
Megan Fox, okay, okay.
Why not?
You're gonna have to compete with a
younger, shorter-haired, white guy with blonde hair.
I can compete.
It's not a competition when it's just love, man.
Rosario Dawson, does that count Ronda Rousey, really?
Eminem, Kendall, get Eminem.
Henry Cavill-Ben said, Aisha Tyler.
I think somebody might have said that.
Nicole Galanderson, Olivia Munn, never heard of her.
Justin Thoreau, Zach Efron, really?
What's he play?
He likes Halo.
Does that count?
I feel like if Halo's Jason Sedeikis, case.
Kendall could get Jason Sedeikis.
I would respectfully request that Kendall pass on that one.
Why?
He's America's coach.
America's violent drunken, in my opinion, but okay.
Will Arnett, sort of a,
go back to Michael Phelps.
He's on a game, so he must game.
Tito Ortiz, when was this list made?
My guess is not super recently.
Jerry O'Connell, Dylan Bryan, Snoop Dogg.
Well, that's a layup.
Just give him some money, he'll show up.
Okay, and I'm not sure how Gen Z this is getting.
Warren G.
Yes, Seth Rogan.
The game.
I mean, it writes itself.
Come on, he's a game, man.
You know?
Yes, I see what we're going for there.
Ice T.
Anthony Cumia.
He's a fan of EverQuest.
I have no idea who that is.
I also don't know who that is.
Tarrant Killium.
I think this might be a list from like 2009.
Why do you say that?
Why do you say that?
Okay, they have a lot.
Jack Blackshire, Justin Bieber.
He plays Mario Kart.
He's a real gamer.
I think they listed any celebrity who's ever played a game.
Okay, let me tell you when that was actually from.
That's from this year?
That's from 2024.
Those are 2024's hottest gaming celebrities, man.
They did the research, something you're just skating.
You're just riding their wake, man.
Okay, now we're talking, this is a hotter list.
Randy Orton, we're back on wrestling.
We barely know who some of these people are,
so Gen Z isn't going to.
Well, we'll probably know who you are on a grand day is.
What's she play, Fortnite?
Really, does she?
Okay, why do all of them include Robin Williams?
That feels like if you're doing the list nowadays,
it's kind of in poor taste.
All right, we're getting into the same territory.
I think they're just listing, oh, you can get Musk.
Everybody's seen his Elden Ring loadout.
He's a real gamer.
Even you know about his Elden Ring loadout gruff?
I'm surprised.
Well, hey, just because I travel the highways
and byways of this great country,
exploring the nation through the power of music
doesn't mean I don't occasionally hear about
Elon Musk's Elden Ring character loadout.
Zachary Levi.
What's he been up to?
Yeah, I wonder what Zachary Levi has been up to lately.
I bet if you look that up,
he's been up to really fun stuff.
Okay, they're stealing from the other list.
Samuel Jackson, Henry Cavill, okay.
Michelle Rodriguez, also on Lost.
Yeah, I've seen Lost.
You want to talk about, Drake.
He's available.
I don't know if Drake is available.
I don't know if he's taking media requests at the moment.
I bet he is.
Just get, I don't know.
It never hurts to ask.
I think it might hurt to ask Drake.
That might not be the move.
Yeah, Perry is also dead.
I don't know why these lists,
I guess these lists aren't specifically angled at.
I want to know which celebrity to ask
to be in my media event thing.
Zachary Levi is a Trump supporter.
He recently gave a big, not a big,
but he was doing some like keynote style speech
at some Republican event where he's like,
Trump will save us.
I called the nerd squad and asked how to fix the country.
They said, I'll act Donald Trump.
That's a really good Zachary Levi impression.
I'll give you that man, that was good.
Thanks, Gruff.
Hey man, I'll call it like I see it.
That was spot on.
He's been on a downward spiral.
I mean, it happens to the best of us, you know?
Sometimes, sometimes, there it is.
Sometimes, you know?
I feel like some guy right now, man,
come a long time, don't see my Trump friend.
Put a Trump like my long man,
my heart's still broken.
Never see no man, don't vote like that man.
How do you come up with these beautiful lyrics?
Gruff?
Oh, shoot.
Gruff, you broke my stream deck with your music.
Sorry, everyone.
Gruff temporarily broke a Papito switchboard
with that incredible song.
So I just have to fix it real quick
until then we're stuck on this shot of just me.
What kind of streamer can just stay in one shot all day?
Woo.
Also, we will be going to the streets.
I think that will be our last thing of the day, though.
One more streets for the day.
Gruff, what did you do?
You can't even respond.
Because Papito's whole switchboard is broken.
What a maniac.
All right, will it work?
No, is the answer, surprisingly.
What is going, what?
Okay, we're back.
What did I do, man?
I don't know, but it was naughty.
I sometimes I'm a little naughty.
But look, and again, when you got the,
when you feel the music, man.
I'm broken the stream, dangling along, gone friend.
Why don't come around these roads, man, bang, bang again, man.
Okay, okay, please stop.
Just trying to get the, just trying to get the people going.
All lead wrestling is, so they signed that deal and
their honor to announce it.
They think David Zaslaw, everybody's favorite,
Kathleen Finch and the whole WBD community, man.
It also includes enhanced distribution rights
across social media.
That's huge.
Wait, what does that mean?
It's better, the rights, it's,
they're gonna more of it, more social.
What does enhanced social media rights mean?
Post, man, they're gonna make,
I'm gonna do them for the first time.
You can see wrestling stuff on the internet.
It's crazy.
Furthermore, AW pay-per-views will be available on Macs
at a discounted price per event.
Oh, okay.
That's actually kind of interesting.
See, I wonder when Netflix is gonna do this.
Because I'm assuming they're rolling out live events
to eventually charge fees for them.
Which to be fair, I don't even think is that unreasonable.
I think like pay-per-views are enough of an event
that kind of returning to a little bit
of a pay-per-view model,
even though it's not good for consumers,
the cheaper it is, the better for us.
I can see from a business perspective
why it's a little bit inevitable.
But I mean, it'll start discounted
and it'll probably get steadily higher
as people get used to paying even more to HBO Max.
This sucks, man, you know, it's free,
listen into the wind.
Sometimes you hear a tune on the wind, man,
cause that's all you need.
Or I'll feel the wind coming around,
don't need no catechide to listen to the sound.
Or the sun and the moon and the moon
does the same to the credit card coming in.
No more, man, come around to these,
go to Mars and Mars is free.
You know, no Garf.
Anyway, Tony Khan and the entire AW team
have been incredible partners.
They're thrilled to strike this expanded agreement
to deliver amazing new AW content stories.
We're focused on creating fresh and authentic experiences,
they like, they're proud, they think they did good.
$150 million, I don't,
I wonder how much the overhead of AW is.
Bob the Power's like Bob Dylan, listen, I'll admit it.
I was an influence on him.
Don't think that lines up, it's a little anachronistic.
Nah, man, I stopped doing that stuff a long time ago.
I'm cleaning off that, chronics, chronistics.
I was there when Tony Khan first shared his vision
for creating a media and live entertainment company,
said a guy.
And also, the news comes as sports rights prices have gone up.
So the question is, could they gotten more?
How much is Quibi paying?
Quibi's gone, ah, fuck, signed a deal with them too.
They have exclusive rights to stream my 1928 album.
Garfin, Garfin the Field.
Why do you have a 1928 album?
A copyright, I saw only songs from 1928,
where the copyright is lapsed, called Garfin the Field.
Some of them didn't age well.
Turns out some of those songs were about Southern stuff.
I just thought they were about birds.
I'm not from the, it's a 1928 album
in the sense that it's all songs from 1928.
Did that do well for you?
Well, probably not,
because I sold the rights to Quibi for how much?
A handshake in a sandwich, man,
that's all it takes for me.
Don't, don't, don't tell me I can't turn the deal
for a sandwich, man, what you eating there?
I can't swallow a dollar, can you?
I'm eating change every morning,
but nothing changes, man,
and that's why my cats don't keep
crawling at the moon with the sun.
All right, Garfin, I think we've covered this
about as well as we can.
Oh man, we did our best.
She got some money out of Comcast Spectacorp.
Are they buying?
If the price is a handshake in a sandwich,
they might try to negotiate you down.
Ah, shoot, well, I'll take a bur,
I'll take like a cookie.
Piece of lettuce?
Okay, now you're talking.
All right, if you can hook up that deal, man,
I'll take it.
And that's all the time I had to take it today, man,
so all you take it easy, just know
that all of us is out here, man,
we gon' fall down wishin' listen
when they gotta say goodbye sometimes,
but who says goodbye?
Not the ocean, in a total wrap.
Okay, Garfin, that's all that,
we'll go to the streets.
Oh man, my head hurt for a second there.
The ocean does wave, but it only waves hello.
Put the Mariana trench burbles goodbye.
Okay, let's send it to the streets,
and then we'll get outta here for the day.
We do also need to talk to a Spartan,
which he'll do our outro, so when we come back here,
I'll ask the Spartan to find someone to raid.
That'll be our discussion with him.
For now, here's Trip.
Yes, hello everyone, it's your pal, Trippy B.
Out here on the streets, just doin' me.
Woo woo, let's do it.
Let's see who I've got today.
Exclamation Point Trip is how you feed me
your tasty opinions.
If you type Exclamation Point Trip in any message,
it'll send it straight to me,
and then I can find your opinions out here so easily.
All right, looks like we're already loaded up
with two fresh opinions for me to talk to out here.
Let's see what this guy wants.
Oh, really?
Okay, let's see what he's, what's up?
I am the Park Ranger.
Yeah?
You know?
Yes, I talked to you two days ago, yesterday?
Ooh, you don't have a great sense of time there, Trip.
I understand, time works differently here in the park.
That's one of the things I'm running on.
Anyway, well, was.
I'm not running for the Senior Park Ranger position.
I am now running in the election for mayor,
and I will take Pepito down.
Oh, shoot, I need to run another one
of those polls, actually.
What? No, I'm announcing my candidacy.
Well, but you have to be nominated.
You can't nominate yourself, you need a second.
And then that second needs to win against five other options.
What? Yeah, that's how it works.
Why? I don't know, man, that's how it is.
That's how it is, man.
Well, I'm announcing I'm running.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see if you get nominated.
All right, well, anyway, I'm removing my name
from Park Mayor to be Rennerton Mayor.
Isn't that huge?
Mm, I still submit that the mayor of this park
is a guy that looks like Keanu Reeves.
All right, well, I'm excited to work for the people,
excited to park this ranger in the mayor's office
of a different city.
All right, great stuff, a huge fan trip.
Love what you do.
What is it I do?
Oh, this and will that excited, that excited for the people.
Okay, thanks, park ranger out.
Ha, ha, I'm not dead.
What? He looks dead.
All right, well, let's see.
We already have Papito and September
running in the election.
So let's, I'll run one for case,
because he keeps forgetting.
Elect, nominate a mayor.
This is for the upcoming return to Rennerton.
Exclamation point O is how you throw in a candle.
Will she be willing?
Maybe case can convince her.
If she's nominated, she's got to be on there.
Maybe it'll be sort of a first wife situation.
The case has to step in, if Kendall wins.
Ooh, it's a tight race right now.
Exclamation point one through five
is how you vote for the ends options.
Trust fund Tristan making a rare potential appearance.
Crumb, Lady Kendall, Jeb, and Lamar Odom.
Love to see how a case handles Lamar Odom,
but I suspect, I don't know if I need
to do any pre-election polling for this one.
It looks like Kendall is potentially
gonna run away with this one.
However, it also says Lady Kendall.
So maybe case has a little bit of wiggle room there.
Fantastic.
Kendall, you've made it to the big stage.
Can case make her record a campaign video?
That's the question on everyone's mind.
All right, let's see.
See if I can find the next guy that wants to talk to me.
Hmm, all right.
Oh, I see a creature approaching me quickly.
Let me see if I can stop him
and get him to talk to me.
Excuse me, creature, do you wanna talk?
You there, yes, you.
Yes, I'm Tripp Radstein.
How are you doing this day?
Any thoughts on the latest news,
maybe the election or TV rights deals
for wrestling companies?
Greetings Tripp.
I'm actually a real bigfoot.
You're not a Lamar?
Well, I'm a real bigfoot,
but I shaved myself down completely
so I could pass in public.
You might've missed a spot.
No, I shaved completely so I could pass in public.
Okay, but honestly, it's a huge burden.
All I wanted was to be a lounge and street singer,
but the constant scent of nair
is putting off the crowds.
Oh my, I'm sorry to hear that.
Well, what should I do?
What should I do, Tripp?
Boy, sustaining.
Tripp, what should I do?
I'll grow back and make a part of the act.
I don't know, I don't know, bigfoot.
I feel like you could honestly,
get away with being a hairy lounge singer.
That sounds kind of like a unique act.
Oh really?
You wanna hear my act?
Do you believe in me, Tripp?
I'm just a shaved bigfoot.
Well, sure, why don't you sing me
Fly Me to the Moon?
Fly me to the moon.
Hey, don't take my stuff.
All right, we got a request for Fly Me to the Moon.
It's all right, blah.
What do you think?
What do you think?
I think you might've upset Kendall.
Well, why?
I think Kendall was on the streets
and maybe you're being a little too loud.
What do you mean?
I was doing a sonorous lounge singing.
It's not too late.
We have one more nomination coming in.
So you can nominate bigfoot.
Shaved bigfoot?
I'm a shaved bigfoot.
Okay, well, best of luck.
I think you look great.
It's a unique spin.
Maybe you don't call it lounge singing.
Oh, call it bigfoot.
Hairless bigfoot fun time jamboree.
Sure, give that a shot.
I will!
You've inspired me, Tripp.
I love you!
I love you!
Wow, it's even better than a fan.
It's a love over.
Hmm.
Okay.
Who else we got today?
Oh, yes.
What the heck?
Sorry to see in some strange,
some strange ones walk by me today.
Yes, you there.
Oh, boy.
OK, I'm Trippie Bead.
Would you like to talk to me?
I guess.
Hey, Tripp.
I'm lost.
Can you tell me the quickest,
quickest way to get to the island?
We have to go back.
Which island?
Hmm, well, um,
sort of been unclear which city I'm in for a long time, but...
Ellis Island is the one with the big statue.
Thanks, Tripp.
I'll make a quick trip back.
We have to go back.
Who's we?
You'll see.
Hmm.
I'm also running for Park Mayor.
OK, well,
then I'll wait for the campaign sign.
Thank you very much.
All right, keep an eye out for that.
Bye bye.
Ahem.
All right.
Sometimes sort of disturbing
and nightmarish creatures come out to taunt me,
but I'm used to it.
So they're not going to throw me off.
OK, you there.
Oh, one of these little guys is coming at me again.
Yes, little friend, you want to talk to me?
I'm Trippie Bead.
It's actually hard to tell what you're saying.
Hunterer, with Gen V.
OK.
That's Bell.
Everybody always brings up Zach Bell on this stream.
Zach Bell is not popular with Gen Z.
No, that's Bell.
That's Bell for anything that you need.
Gen Z related, please.
That's ever is that a request or advice?
Oh, I don't see enough of that Bell
on my TV anymore.
But I'm Gen Z.
I only live for two years.
That's true.
Yep.
I'm my heartbeat so fast that I die within two years.
So I know that it gets younger than a hamster.
That might be even a low.
That's a low life expectancy, I think, even for a hamster.
What?
Uh-huh.
The kids are crazy for Zach Bell.
I just feel like that can't be true.
That's true.
We also like the detective one, where he's a young kid,
but he used to be big.
Well, that's more of a classic anime.
I think that's better known than Zach Bell Detective Conan.
Hmm, maybe.
How do you use Gen Z note if you don't even remember?
What's your referencing?
You're referencing Detective Conan.
Anyway, get to that one or Zach Bell.
That's my advice, because I know what's good.
Oh, God.
My wife is almost over.
Oh, geez.
Today is my second birthday.
And this is how you're spending it?
Just breathe.
I think you might make it past two.
No chance.
Ah, I gotta go die in your bush.
Don't die in my bush.
I need a safe place to die a spider trap, please.
You really didn't deny?
My last request?
You just need a safe place to die?
After two years of life, watching all of Zach Bell
and three episodes of Detective Conan,
you're going to put this brutal end to my life?
They can die on the cold streets?
All right, I guess I can just clean up after you do.
I'm sorry that this is how it ends for you.
OK, great.
I'm going to just go get my stuff.
Do you have a parking spot?
I have a car.
And I'm going to need a place for my workout bike.
Excuse me?
I have a workout bike.
You don't have a hamster wheel?
I got a full bike.
So I need some room for that in the way car.
And I have a blow-up pool.
I'll be moving that in as well.
Well, how long is it going to take you to die?
I'm sure it'll happen right away.
I feel bad.
Am I going to live with this fucking hamster?
Oh, I'm going to die with you.
It's beautiful.
Thank you for everything, Trepon.
I'm a huge fan.
And you already said yes, so see you tonight.
What a roommate!
What?
He looked like he was about to die.
All right.
Let's see who else is out here.
Who else has an opinion for me?
All right.
What the hell am I looking at?
OK, you there.
You've got a thought for me.
I'm trippy bee.
I'm a W-star Rip Blazer.
I'm here from the future to prevent the world
from the pizza apocalypse.
And I have five-star quality matches.
Sorry.
Excuse me, sir.
I'm having trouble tracking your mouth.
Well, look, my question to you
is will you tag team with me to take down Rob Elvie
and Keanu Reeve for control of the park's pizza oven?
No.
All right, thanks.
Something happened to Rip.
Well, at least he was polite.
He took it really well.
I mean, I just didn't know what to say other than no.
And it's don't feel like I could run a park with a gyrating
pizza.
All right, well, what the heck?
Something's approaching.
You there.
Yeah, you there.
What's your deal?
I'm trippy bee.
You want to talk to me?
I kind of see you back there.
What's going on?
What's your deal?
I'm Bob the Bush.
I've been watching you with your bush.
I saw you.
I saw you micturate upon your bush.
Oh, you make me wet drip.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what?
Hey, drip bitch.
A bush.
Wait, you're a guy.
You're definitely a guy.
I can see you pretty clearly behind your camouflage.
I think you camouflaged the bush instead of yourself.
No.
No, man.
I'm a bush.
Have sex with me.
I don't fuck my bush.
I sleep in my bush.
Yeah, it's a little erotic.
There's a slight element of eroticism to it, but I don't go
all the way with my bush.
I saw you make it wet, man.
No, you're referring to me just straight up pissing.
I'm older.
I don't have good control of my bladder sometimes.
I shamefully urinated all over my bush one night while drunk
on pond water.
And I guess you saw that.
Oh, that's what that was.
Is that a fetish, too?
No, that one wasn't sensual for me.
That was a rough night.
I saw things.
There's chemicals in that pond water that'll send you on
spiritual journeys no man is ready to see.
And I've seen some stuff.
OK, well, I'll be in the park because I'm a bush, too.
So if you need to pee on a different bush, I'm one of them.
I saw my doctor in the park, my park doctor.
I got my bladder stuff sorted out, so I don't think
it'll be a problem.
OK.
Excuse me.
This is looking weird today.
Yes, you there, young man.
Wait, no, that one's too.
And you know, this one's too unsettling.
Yes, you there.
Do you want to talk to me?
I'm Trippy B. Tony Khan here.
Whoa, what?
You're Tony Khan.
Oh, I'm Tony Khan.
You are?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm fearing for my life.
I'm scared about all these big muscle guys.
Oh, jeez.
Did you hear?
We've got a lot of exciting things planned for tonight.
Cincinnati.
I came out to thank you for being here.
We're not in Cincinnati.
Oh, god, I got it wrong.
Please don't beat me up.
I'm scared.
Oh my god, are you threatening me?
Whoa, I'm just standing here.
Oh, whoa.
Do you want to work here?
What?
$3 million?
Would you like $3 million to work here?
I'm not threatening you.
I'll give you anything.
Please, I see something in you.
Come work for me.
$3 million?
Wait, what?
Yeah, come on, please.
I just see something in you.
I need to have you.
Come on, please.
Do you want to work for me?
For $3 million?
I'll need more details, but sure.
All right, I'm announcing you.
Congratulations, Park Guy.
You are all elite.
OK, great.
Oh, I don't know.
Never mind.
I'm afraid to inform you that I got a really aggressive energy
from the guy in the park.
And even though I understand, I want to give the fans
what they want to see, I have to announce I had to let
guy in the park go.
What did I do?
Whoa, relax.
OK, I've just been standing here the whole time.
I got to go.
Oh, you'll be here for my lawyers.
No comment.
Damn it, I guess I just lost $3 million?
Yeah, cry me a river.
I'll cry me a river in my bush, but I'm
afraid if I get it wet, that guy will show up.
Well, that's all the time we have.
Stop these opinions for the day, I guess.
Thanks for hanging out with me.
I am, in fact, Trippy Bee.
I seem to have talked myself out of a lucrative $3 million
contract, and there might be a dead hamster in my bush.
But that's not going to stop me from bringing you
the news that really matters, which
is people saying whatever in the streets
for a couple minutes.
I'll never stop.
I'm Tripp Bradstein.
Bye-bye.
OK, I think that'll do it for today.
Do you have to talk to a wo lo lo Roman legionnaire?
courtesy of gunshade the first request yesterday, which I
never got to, but, um, Peter, I guess
let's just let him take us out of here for the day.
Does that work for you?
Yeah, I don't care.
OK.
Yeah, I don't care.
I'm the king of I just won the election for king,
and now all of the gold is mine to eat.
Well, it hasn't happened yet.
Oh, that reminds me.
Thank you for reminding me.
Let's do one more.
So our fourth election, the last spot in this
of in this Ritterton election, we'll go to Shamrock
Oh, Johnson, who is the current mayor?
But nominate a mayor.
This is the last one for the fourth slot.
We got Jeb and Wooddad.
Wow, a VP mayor, a mayor and his VP,
crumb, munch, hype train and shaved, big foot,
foot, fun time, jamboree.
Who they just met in the park.
The the shaved big foot from the park is the fifth option.
Who will do it?
This is a close one.
Oh, my God, this one's close.
But that's the wrong music.
Oh, well, whatever it'll work.
My God, will it be hype train?
Will it be crumb?
Could the shaved big foot mount a sudden comeback?
Oh, it's tight.
It could even be much.
It could be Jeb and Wooddad.
Shaved big foot is way behind.
Oh, hype train is squeaking and it looks like hype train.
Has done it.
That means our official roster of mayoral candidates
for the upcoming reddit and election are.
Most microphone 900 has something to say about it.
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone on 900.
Just Mama Jam 500.
Shandy tasty coins.
I've been dying to say this before I leave office.
I'm appointing Pepe Dois, the facility to replace Fort Knox
and safeguard our great nation's gold.
Oh, my God, wait, you did it again, Pepito.
Listen, I don't fail upwards.
I just eat up.
I eat up and I today I ate up all the gold
and I'm glad it was recognized by the suit guy
with the fun voice.
You really did it.
Anyway, you could nominate.
You can vote for Pepito.
I'm guessing probably next Sunday, not this Sunday,
but the Sunday after either that or I'll probably try to do it
on like a Friday.
I might try.
Maybe I'll do it as a weekend stream
either on a Saturday or Sunday.
But at some point next week, I'll let you know when we're going
to do our Reniton stream where you can vote for Pepito.
September, I'm remembering.
How am I going to have to check the VOD?
Who on the third spot?
Oh, I know that the I know that.
Ken Lee, OK, Kendall or Lady Kendall.
And the hype train, the hype train.
OK, one of those just happened.
Is your brain on good?
Is your brain good?
Well, do you remember who you're running against?
No, I'm a dog, but you're supposed to be a human.
Debateably.
All right, send us out of here for the day.
Well, low, low.
Pretorian guard.
Joining us is the well, low, low,
Pretorian guard to figure out who we're rating.
Yes.
Sorry, I just I'm still getting him.
I don't know, Pepito.
I thought he was ready to go.
Sorry, now joining us for sure.
It's the well, low, low, Pretorian guard.
Yes, it's me.
Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Have you played Age of Empires case?
I have played Age of Empires.
Yes. Very good boy.
You passed the first test.
But have you played Age of Empires?
The most recent one.
You know what the most recent one is?
Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That was not the question.
I haven't played in a while.
Fail, your boy, you're not ready.
And that's why that's why I will be raiding today.
Let's find out who we're raiding.
Yes.
Who's on?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Ah, Sponacci.
Haven't raided Sponacci in a while.
Let's send you Sponacci's way.
Well,
That's what I do. Legion coming through. Legion in the troop.
Yeah. Victorian. Leaving the haters snoring.
Well, Raph wasn't around when you were supposed to be alive.
Kendall, did you find out which celebrity you want?
We're gonna give them a list of celebrities for Torian Guard.
Very good. Meet my wife. Wait. Meet my wife.
My wife's phone is here. Her phone cases.
My beautiful wife. Happy, well-happy life.
Whoo! In the front. I'll go get it for you. We're raiding right now.
So we're basically done. It's only four. Sorry.
Look, it's Cardi. We only have a couple seconds left.
You're pitched on. You want, you have anything you want to say?
Your voice is going to pitch. And that's gum.
And that is gum. And with that, we're gone. Say hi to Spadacci for us.
Very good.
What-a-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-no. Bye-bye.