Hello everybody good to see you Greg to you funnel web tasty zero
Subritchie vink 218 dag it on titch tamtrin sponge the reefer apple dapple s1000 tasty
Subritchie
Sturminator. Oh my god. What a power crew
What a power crew power news team assemble good to see everybody?
I
Think I missed any news while I wasn't doing the news so I can roll right back into the news that matters today
Probably something about Dix or sperm
So that's exciting. That's exciting for everybody
Hope you had a great
Yesterday, Papito. How are you doing? I have to do a scene today. That's true
But Pete we hit the Papito theme goal even though Papito's done many songs
I'm free to do another one at the end of the stream at the end. I thought you're disappointed. No
Sometimes I just like to say things by raising my voice through the sentence like I should eat cheese. Oh
You sound shocked. Yeah
So should I?
On your own time. I thought I was coming in but it didn't
What did you think was coming?
All right
Dix and sperm is our thing
Everybody's thing. It's all the news is thing. Everyone loves it
Okay, um, well, I guess let's see what's going on in the world today
One, uh, overly pretty graphic deserves another so let's do some news
My god, it's a news day
It's a Tuesday
Newsday, so I say we get into it. Good to see everyone. I am of course
Injiv able and this music isn't worthy of me. There's the me. There's my music case
Every time I like it every time every I don't get sick of that
That's great. Jeff. They're not these lights. These lights are crazy. You have too many buttons
Anyway, um tick tockers are injecting salmon sperm into their faces to look younger
That's the sort of thing we're talking about today. Nothing else going on in the world. Do you want to talk about case?
This seemed
Seemed like real top story material to me
All right
Upstream all over their faces apparently upstream keeping your face young and fresh a salmon row
But to make that face go even younger. Yeah
Hold up what lol that could also be the headline, but we went with this one instead
Let's I guess find out what this means. What does this mean? I think it means exactly what it sounds like
But why to make themselves look younger. Oh, yes, I did say that
But does it work?
The question on everyone's mind because if it works, we'll all do it. I mean, I think a lot of people would do it
Does this science?
Jeff I
Can't look young my I'm immaculate
my my skin is
Smooth on a level that some people call inhuman
Some smooth skin need some of the smoothest skin there is no sperm needed
My own powerful sperm keeps my skin thin the smooth what?
Tick tockers and even Jennifer Aniston are now injecting their faces with salmon sperm in the hopes of keeping wrinkles at bay in
A surprising internet trend, but is it just a fad?
She looks young how old is she it's impolite to ask
But she's the story is all about aging. I need to know how old Aniston is
I mean her 40s or
early 50s
What was friends on then?
It's still on it's in permanent syndication because it's just so good
If you thought life couldn't get even crazier think again tick tockers and even Jennifer Aniston are now injecting their faces with salmon sperm and
Let's see if there's proof of this. I need to see a tick tock or make this happen
I hate it when they link to things, but it's not it's not what they say it is
This is not a it doesn't link to a story about about sperm
Jennifer Aniston is she injecting sperm into her face?
I'm gonna see if I can find this on tick tock tick tock salmon sperm
We're going full research mode. Let's see
Sophie injected salmon sperm in her face
Maybe this okay, maybe we just keep reading this story because I'm not finding it which makes me wonder if this is made up
No, it's got to be real with a headline like this. There's no way they could be faking it medically referred to as a
platin pleniod plenia age plenia age
I don't know this treatment was born in South Korea and actually involves the DNA of fish sperm
That's pumped into your face using a tiny needle
Advocates suggest this will stimulate collagen production over the course of a few months with a protein vital to keeping skin plump and
Youthful well one out of two ain't bad right case
Yeah
Beauty tick tocker Lauren Bostic is among the fans of this trend posting to her page Lauren Bostic said I've been do I've
Doing this with a Korean facialist
She does micro needling and then she infuses it with salmon semen
I mean go Google the benefits and make your skin glow like no other hashtag not sponsored
Live and sleazy is coming through with the research we need as always
We just pull this up really quick it loaded in a OBS window
Polly nucleotides are filtered purified and
derived from fish sperm
Plast as a bio stimulator they work by calling nucleotides are filtered purified and sterilized DNA fractions derived from fish sperm
Plast as a bio stimulator. They work by super stimulating collagen production and nourishing the skin. I mean
Is there any proof that Jennifer Aniston is doing this are we just slandering Jennifer Aniston people like we swear Jennifer Aniston is doing this
I mean
Maybe she says she doesn't
It doesn't look as gross as it sounds. Well, I mean at the end of the day
It isn't gonna let just look like someone getting a
filler injection or Botox or anything else, but we know what's in there
Little salmon row. I actually know what salmon sperm looks like, but I don't think it's like salmon row
But is this really the case
Dr. Hamda Abdullah Ahmed said it's a complicated picture those sperm facials do have some immediate benefits like calming
inflammation
Is that why pornography has been doing it that way for eight three years just?
Settle the skin at the end of a long session. I don't think that's why
Sometimes I'm like, why do they do that every time like calming inflammation which may give your skin a glow some actresses such as Jennifer Aniston
Have undergone this skin trend
He told the mirror drawing to her swj interview
Just let me get old and die in peace Lady Citrix. No, you have to force yourself to stay as
Bloatedly youthful as possible. I'm gonna just search this
Jennifer Aniston story really quick for the word salmon. Oh, it's priced the reason they're not showing us this is it's
Locked behind a paywall a Wall Street Journal paywall. Yeah, we're gonna have to oh
Wait, no live and sleazy once again
The only actual news person here found it for us instantly
So you're in polynucleotides are filtered purified and
Classed as a bio stimulator they work by super stimulating collagen production and nourishing
What are you doing here?
Okay. Oh my gosh, so many ads on everything. Where's the salmon sperm?
Alright, here we here we are. Here we go. Jennifer Aniston will try almost anything once to look young including a salmon sperm facial
One with the salmon facial
She confessed that
An esthetician suggested a salmon sperm facial and she was intrigued first of all. I said, are you serious?
How could you get salmon sperm? That's her first question
That would not be my first question. I mean, it's a valid question. How do they get it?
You just jacked the salmon off. I don't how else would you get it a?
Needle you've got to jack the salmon off
Tiny hands. Oh, maybe that's why everybody has those tiny hands little tiny hands toys. I
Was wondering why those are so popular, but if they keep you young, I guess I get it
Sam's sperm has been called. Oh, sorry salmon
Okay, Sam. It's been called the next must-have Korean beauty ingredient. Well, did she admit she's doing it?
She'll try almost anything
But did she slather salmon sperm deep into her pores?
Well, tactically inject salmon sperm the friend star does swear by anti-aging weakly peptide injections
Which have been described as the new fountain of youth
peptide injections
Well, what the what what the hell are the that sounds less? I don't actually know what a peptide is
What's a peptide injection?
Look, I'm a newsman. I'm not a sight
Careful, I didn't say it all the way. Okay
What a peptide injections do generally research indicates peptides can help improve function of the immune system reduce inflammation
Oh, this is just reducing inflammation. Is that all that being old is as you just get inflamed
My face
When I was young, but that could be you know
my eating habits and
Just general lack of health of healthful behavior that does sound about right for you
Mmm. All right
Usually the sperm DNA comes from salmon trout or chum salmon
I bet it's jumping the fish itself can already help with skin issues like inflammation because of the omega 3
But the salmon sperm can help with the wound healing help with wound healing promote skin elasticity and reduce inflammation
You know, she's just using herman's for human sperm and calling it salmon. No
I mean, I think they I think they'd go with the flex that they're they got the human sperm
They got the good stuff
It's honestly the fact that we're having to debase ourselves to salmon sperm. Well, that's celebrities are I'm sure is very annoying for them
That's true. I mean if you're
You're really kind of a big money player. Obviously you're gonna go for the top shelf human sperm
Addison doesn't only inject peptides. He also drinks them. It's courtesy of live and sleazy and
That unfortunately in my experience does mean that that's true. Well, I did that again
Then again, I don't even know that's that bad because I also don't I don't really know what a peptide is
What is a peptide?
If it's a little spermy
Peptides are chains other just chains of amino acids
That sounds like molecules and aren't sperms also a molecule our sperms also a molecule
They've got molecules in and they have to write well by that. Well, yeah, then anything is anything's got molecules. Well
not
Quirks that little not the funding. I don't you know what we're you're out of your depth Jeff. So just
They're amino acids. She checks us also the amino acid
Okay
I'm brave enough to admit what I just need to keep reading the story and stopped conjecturing a
Cell is many molecules which come together in the form of organelles
Did you know that case? I like to think some part of me knows some of the stuff
I learned in high school deep in the recesses of my mind. I have basic knowledge
Well, keep digging dig deeply
from the sperm
That's just a fun way to start a sentence from the sperm medical experts create something called
polydeoxyribonucleotides
PDRN for short. I really wish they'd just gone with the short there which may sound like something from Mary Poppins
They're not a supercalifragilistic SPL adosius is fun to say
Anyway, but simply refers to DNA-based drugs believe it or not previous research has found that this component more beneficial
Than a typical cream when it comes to skin elasticity and even repairing wounds
So they're saying yes jam some sperm into your face. I don't know if that's what the story well
Hey, this is coming from the mirror
the UK's the mirror
So just you know we have to
A we should credit them in P. Just keep that in mind. Well, what's wrong with the mirror? I'm looking at the man in the mirror
I'm asking should I inject sperm
Though Dr. Ahmed claims that it is its long-term benefits are yet to be
Evidence with some users even reporting rashes and lumps in the aftermath of the procedure
But don't worry. I know the thing to reduce swelling in those lumps
Some people have reported rashes and temporary lumps which can last about four days
The lumps are temporary and will not damage the skin in any way other than the fact that they damage the skin by making the lumps
Although this treatment isn't harmful. There are still limited studies to discuss its long-term benefits
I think there are other ways for wound healing skin inflammation and
Sportified thank you so much for the sub also did we miss any subs earlier? Oh, we have to go to the movies
You got to go to the movies and PGRN 515. Thanks for the follow
We'll go to the movies right after we finish this important sperm story. We've got to be getting near the end
Mirror mirror across the pond. How much sperm should we have been injecting all along?
this is
the rebrand of
Snow White that I do think we need courtesy of shape shifter
Mirror mirror across the pond how much sperm should we have injecting all along? That's beautiful. That's beautiful. That's
beautiful
Injecting sperm is such a bad idea. You can spread it on your face all you like though. Well be grand. Oh, that does sound less
Intrusive if you just have to spread a little sperm first injecting it just the process of injecting
We got to like get it in the needle
You got to make sure the needles clean
You're concerned about having a clean needle just get a new needle. Well, you know you're injecting sperm every day
How many needles are you gonna go through as many as it takes?
All right, I'm just saying that's inconvenient. You could just slather it on your face and don't say this is gross
This is how aging works
Well aging is gross then and now you're being agist
Met Liddell says unrelated back in the 8th grade. I was reading a teen magazine
Don't ask I
Mean I'm tempted to ask but all right
Reading an article when a girl
asked how many calories were in a load
um
A load of like a load of a sandwich
um
We're in a load. She was on a diet and wanted to know have a great Tuesday
Well, he said don't ask so let's respect Madden just not not ask any follow-ups
You have no questions. That's first and that's important to not sometimes it's important to not have any questions actually
um
Gotta be uh
The fuck why is this?
Oh my gosh my twitches misbehaving
Misbehaving
There we go. I gotta be clear about what you mean by spreading sperm a lot of dudes will think they've got a that box checked already
That's true. There's a lot of real flagrant sperm spreaders out there. Yes. Well anyway
To get back on track
You're still keen to try it. Dr. Ahmed recommends trying a patch test beforehand to ensure no allergic reaction will take place
You should also ask a dermatologist if your skin is compatible with the treatment. He said
Lastly, I'd like to stress that a professional should be doing this treatment
Especially if it is injected
It's dangerous to do this without professionals because improper procedures and improper handling of tools may cause injuries
Or wounds like lumps that aren't actually a problem. They'll heal. There's no permanent damage
You added that last part. Well just to
Because it will make lumps
And it will cause inflammation, but it'll reduce it
eventually
And it'll heal those wounds
I'm just this is what the story says
This is the
super duper facts
careful, Joe
We can't say
SCI don't even spell it
Come heals all wounds. I mean, that's sort of what they're saying. I don't think that's what they're saying
That's what I'm taking from this
From what I'm taking from this is
A lot of Japanese videos I've watched were actually health videos and maybe my wife should relax
I think her wife's a lot to feel how she feels. I'm not saying she's oh my god
I'm not having this argument with you too
And I'd say that there's actually nothing to argue about because the facts are what have been reported
And you can't argue with a fact much like you can't argue with a wave
Or even a smaller version of a wave, which you might call a ripple
I'm jeff ripple and go to the movies. Let's go to the movies. Please
Whoa
On a serious note said the length people will go to in pursuit of youth and beauty. It is I mean honestly
Obviously, I'm a sucker for clicking on a story that says sperm because I do think dick funny. I think dick funny
Sorry dick
But I you know, I don't think I don't think there's anything wrong potentially with using like sperm as a
as a
I don't know treatment or something
Um, but I doubt that this works
I thought that this actually works
Dick so funny exactly
I'd say it is kind of depressing how many trends there are and how they seem to come and go
But hey, I don't want to be
I don't want to be anti science. I just also don't want to be pro
Well, not even snake oil in this case
a different kind of snake fluid
You can measure a common time it takes uh and time heals all wounds
So by merit of transitive property come in fact does heal all wounds. That's true. It does take time
to make the comes
So in that time some amount of wounds is healing
That's why I got the smartest chat in the business
You guys know exactly how the world works and that's just such a relief
Okay, um
Whoa, yeah, I forgot I can do that. Whoa
Sometimes I forget all the buttons I have
This zoom only works on twitch though, although. I don't think anybody's watching on instagram. Haha
Uh, we got a surplus of cum somewhere. I'm not aware of
I mean there's a lot of there's a lot of guys online that
I that seemed to be into having a surplus of it
Saying if you find the right community, I think there's definitely some surpluses out there
All right, we had a demand for an expert
We also have to go to the movies. Can we get an interview with the salmon who was the sperm donor?
um
Probably
Peter we got any samans ready to go
Samans
Oh my gosh, ready and he just donated 10 subs
In honor of the samans
Uh daddy reds. Thank you so much 10
10
Is it your birthday? Yes
what
I've decided
um
Do you know your birthday? No, so I gotta pick a date
And what day's better than april?
Day april day
April day the day of april. It's been april for
Like a lot of time units and now it's april day, which is my birthday
Do you get how days work? Obviously not. I'm a dog. It's impressive that I know the word april
Happy birthday, papito says lady citrix. Thank you so much
It feels great to have it be my birthday. Can you do a birthday thing for me?
Can you do a birthday?
Is that the best I got? Is that the best graphically birthday graphic we've got?
Well, I didn't realize it was your birthday papito. You just decided it is
Yeah, it's april day. Okay. Well, if all of april's your birthday happy birthday
Is it's papito's it's papito's birthday and you're arguing with him? That's a good point to limit. Yeah, can't you just be nice?
Well for your birthday gifts, you can sing us a song later
That's work
But I do like to
All right. Well, we'll get you a cheese after the stream. I can't watch you eat cheese for five minutes
But you could okay. Well, but we've got other things to do. We got to talk to a salmon
Is that so much to ask papito? Can't you just find me a salmon to talk to?
Um
I think papito can find one
Uh
Oh my god, these are a lot actually
They're not she's got papito's pulling up some salmon's for me to talk to and
Um
They're just not what I was expecting
Well, let's talk to him anyway. Um
I hope he's doing okay based on what I'm seeing
Please welcome to the studio a salmon
um
So you donate sperm
I think we got to the salmon too late papito. Were there any other samans that we could talk to?
Anything else? I don't know
You asked me to get you a salmon
I feel like I really knocked it out of the park
I mean, it's impressive that you got a salmon that quickly, but
Is there anyone else we could talk to?
Okay, there is great
Hello, I'm a salmon. Um
I'm salmon
I'm john salmon
Salmon actually
You're john salmon. I'm john salmon. It's great to see you all. I've donated all of my sperm to health
Everyone's injecting my sperm. I feel like the bell of the ball
Are you salmon? I'm john salmon
Is your face salmon?
Well, some people say uh, they've got a face only a mother could love
I got a face about every sushi chef in town is trying to remove
Like like I'm in a Hannibal Lecter film
I'm workshopping stuff
God damn it
Oh freaking don wriggles over here. I don't I'm not that good. Uh, okay. Well
I thought it was salmon sperm. I mean
I'd say I'm pretty close
Come on. You gotta
There's got to be some benefits to looking like this at least let me spell or sell my sperm
I got a little bit of it heals wounds reduces inflammation only leaves a few bumps
I'm john salmon. All right, I get it. I don't know. Did we have any questions for john?
I was hoping to talk to an actual salmon. You don't want to get the real stuff
Real salmon sperm is hard to work with it's salmon. I'm john salmon. I know how it's I know how it's said
Did I just hear a specific name just now?
probably
Also, I just want to thank radium v for the 10 subs you don't get to thank him
We're actually appreciative of that and I don't know if I trust you john salmon
All I'm doing is selling my sperm to celebrities. I have a condition where my face is delicious fresh salmon
And you know, I this is america. I thought I might not I thought I was coming in here to answer questions
To have a friendly discourse about the benefits of my sperm in your face
And I'm under attack. I just I was hoping it was an actual salmon. Why would you rather have a real salmon than a man with a salmon face?
If anything I'm a rare creature
and
I'm not doing anything wrong. I hate I resent being put on trial here. I'm not putting it on trial
It's just a weird situation
My bad for coming at you
Thanks for coming. We're done. All right. I cleared out 35
Hours for this. I thought this was a 35 hour stream
Fuck. All right. Fuck. Fuck. All right. Fuck
You know, you got to catch those beeps. We're trying to curse less on this stream
I think that's all the samans we have
That's all the samans we have access to but uh, you know
So somebody had some questions for me
You know, I think we're good on talking to samans really?
Because I made the trip all the way down here and believe me
My time is limited
Yeah, I'm you don't spoil me with attention
Why are these samans trying to fucking don wriggles their asses off? I don't claim to be as good as don wriggles. Okay
anyway, I don't sell my sperm because I don't have any because
A little slices of
I'm a little slices of salmon. I I can see that
I can see that
You really don't have any questions for me
You're meeting a talking piece of salmon sushi and you don't have any question. I just don't know
You're you lack imagination friend
You lack imagination. I could reveal things to you
That would just
That you could never recover from then why would I want to know?
If you're the dark knowledge, well, what do you know that's so
What do you know that's so
Joking. I know how it feels to die
How does it feel?
It was all right. That's not
That doesn't blow your mind that it was fine
I mean, not even fine. It was like it kind of sucked
It is all right. It's just not the most exciting explanation of death. It's like, um
Like if you're waiting in a long line, you stub your toe and you're like, oh
Okay, well then no further questions. Okay, fine. I had more but fine
All right, sorry about that. I should I guess I should prepare more for these interviews
Yeah, you agree. Yeah
You better
Yeah, I was kind of hoping that was I was fishing there actually Papito if you didn't tell me it was fine. I won't
I won't
Tasty zero says it's reassuring. I just a laid a bunch of fears about death. I don't know. It sounds like it's not that great
That's pretty good though. It's not that great when it comes to death
It's just not even that great. It's just like, uh, that's a bummer
That's why I'm thinking I just won't what die. Oh, yeah, I might just not
Okay, I don't know if it's a choice for me. It probably is
Because who knows what's going on with my parts. They're strange. Oh, okay. Well, um, I guess let's go to the movies
I think maybe we just go to the movies
And you know, we'll just think about we'll think about all the things we learned about salmon today
And um and refocus our energy into the power of film. It's time for Trent at the movies
Yo
What's up?
Good to see you all fucking Trent. You might have noticed I'm at the movies. I actually spent a lot of time here
I'm sort of a cinema buff. I'm sort of an expert in film the art of trailer, which is just as good as movie
well, you know
Can't have a movie without trailers otherwise who's going to be in the theaters got to you know, so in a sense. Yeah, I didn't
Chris is here. He cut me off. But Chris is here. Sorry. I didn't know I was supposed to talk
Chris I'm his parole officer. I'm required to be here by law. You don't have to say that every time man
But yes, that is technically accurate. It's good to see everybody
Um, I was demanded to come in today by alive and sleazy. Who's one of the realest to fucking do it
uh requested the trailer for first in tan
which
absolutely
Do you know what that is Chris? Um
A football movie. I don't think so, man
Let's see first in tan
Oh, it's no it's from 1980
This uh, this looks like a classic. It is a it is a football movie
Yeah, I mean I it sounds familiar. I associate that title with a football movie
I bet it's a good one. It sounds like a classic. Oh, we'll probably love the cast. So let's check it out football, baby
That's football I really like football
It's got a quiet two football my second favorite name
Mrs. Diane Barrow your new owner
Let's just say it was a divorce present from my husband
Is this movie about sexual assault, what's happening? I have the finest team in professional football
Don't play golf with this man. He cheap
There'll be no more beer drinking in the locker room
Oh, shit
Is that guy from lethal from making some naked gun play calling something's going on
Oh
Right along with the california bold it starts here. Let's go inside
What the hell is that on the ball?
It's our kind of slaps. I'm just gonna go out there and rip the quarterback's head off and spit down his neck
She's taking deep
Safety for you are correct
Oh
This was on hbo
They were right when they said it's not
Wait, that's went for six seasons. Did that really go for six seasons? Um, I must have missed that one
Huh
You know, that's the kind of thing I should remember but
Six seasons and a murder
That's the netflix deal people need to start asking for
No, it's not. Why would anybody want that as a deal? I don't know
I mean because then you don't have to do a movie. You just got to do a murder
They want to do a movie. No, you get paid for the murder
I do feel like look shape shifter said it felt like that was going to turn into a snuff film and I agree
It had a very unsettling vibe to it the whole time
I was waiting for a crime to happen and I felt like a crime was happening just off camera and obviously a little bit on camera
I don't think they're having fun. I mean, I like that guy from the naked gun. What's he up to?
Leslie nielsen. No the the football player
Youngblood you have to know
There's no way you don't know that
I don't know his name
enough Rio Jackson
Or a guy who's funny in the naked gun
You know what?
He was in he went on to be in the other one too. I think no way maybe he was just in the first one
You know, he did some commercials. We'll just say that I mean good for him. Why are you being weird?
All right, um, why don't we just move along? Thank you for the trailer recommendation live in sleazy. I
I can't believe that was on HBO
about a base trend
Was I'm not based on anybody. All right
I'm original
I'm me
All right, if you say so
Stay with your whole chest young blood. Maybe we'll believe it
look
I think it was good and I want to watch all six seasons. No, we're not doing that
I mean you can't on your own time, but no one should be forced to watch that
Well, yeah, Arles, how do you know Arles, but you don't know who oj is well Arles is a classic
It's like the precursor to entourage because it's also about a guy
doing business with celebrities
It's like how you can't have the
Odysseus without the eyelid
I think we need to stop. I think we just need to keep watching trailers. All right
I mean I was going to
Hackman mega tunnel battle
Um, okay. Well, look sometimes a movie comes down the pot. It's a game. Well, but
What if it feels like a movie
life like a movie hack man tunnel battle chomp chomps
Chomp chips
Sorry, let me not let butchered this title hack man mega tunnel battle chomp champs
Sometimes you just need a fucking palette cleanser and that's shit slapped. I'll admit it young blood that shit slapped
You were but you're agreeing with me
That song fucking slapped that was like a keytar shred
That whole song is a keytar shred
Fucking pac-man going in pac-man entering the drake
And kendrick beef and fucking chomping both their asses with that one. He didn't rap though. Yeah, but the beat was fucking sick
All right, nice
Anyway, I forgot about the football thing now. You did it. You're just referencing it. I forgot about it
I don't even not even thinking about it. You're talking about it currently. Let's watch
The tattooist
of Auschwitz
Shit, I thought this is going to be a sick thing about tattoos
And then the second part of the name bummed me out. It's about Auschwitz
Yeah, maybe I don't let you watch that one. You're going to stop me from learning about world war two
I just sounds like a bummer
And it's not peacock. Oh, well, if it's a peacock, then that's not safe to watch
If the final trailer
Now we got a that might have to be a miss
Next stop paris trailer digital
Oh my god a fully ai show
Tcl
Is that like the evil twin of tlc the hell is tcl tv the channel learning?
I've never heard of tcl
But they've commissioned a fully ai show and as a thing that we complain about regularly on this channel
I guess we may as well watch it. So here's that
But the go to the thing so claire we're missing it. What's your stop?
Oh wait, let me restart this. The city of lights. I'm hoping it's
So claire, what's your stop?
The city of lights. I'm hoping it's a new start. I don't think we have to pray for long
This looks great
Maybe you're the dark mysterious kind of man who never shows us vulnerability. Wow. Wow
Maybe you're the kind of woman who's never sure of what you want even if it's right in front of you
Wow
In life's journey
Sometimes the heart moves too fast
Help wait don't go sometimes too slow
But if you time it just right
That's when love arrives
Claire that's beautiful man. How do you give up on me? I'm not going to let you go
Way to go tcl tv
Entering the film scene with a fucking bang
Is tcl tv films being trailers of course
Please show this to cast him at Fiona. We might have to show that to you should
Demand that case show that to cast him tonight. That was a journey for the ages
See I like it when films can just it's a tv show. It's a
Yeah, I think that's just a trailer. It's a commission tv show about tcl tv
Thank you very much show some respect to the hard-working computers that made that
It's a beautiful story of what love happens in time
And what if two people in Paris
do the marriage and
It's kind of next level actually because sometimes I'll be watching a show and I'll be like
I like these actors, but I wish their faces would just change sometimes
What you know because you get used to an actor's face and then you just get bored
But what if it just changed a little bit in every shot and you're like
And also everybody's always at over acting and shit
Well, what if they just their faces barely fucking moved and this answers both those questions
What if
Their faces changed a little bit and they barely moved
No one has ever asked for that. I'm currently asking for it and it's been delivered, thankfully
A show that I can watch where it's not constantly demanding that I like
Know what's happening or watch it you want to show that you don't have to watch
I wouldn't really have to watch that I just put it on and then I know tv's on and I feel
Soothed
A motion comic minus the artists that is a very accurate way to describe that shape shifter
A mid-journey for the ages exactly people have asked why is it called mid-journey?
And it's because it's a journey to the heart
Which is in the middle of your body
That's also not correct
Where's your heart the place where the heart my chest
Well, you're making my heart sink to my stomach with the way you're talking to me
Let's watch one more. Okay
I mean I watch three because I watched that whole pac-man trailer. That's like 30 seconds
John Mulaney presents everybody's in LA
Just like comedians and cars get in coffee, but minus the coffee in cars
It's called mid-journey because everything it puts out is mid
Well, look the middle is
The best part of an Oreo that was not
An Oreo without the cookies is just cream
I was trying to I was trying to hype up this AI you love so much
I don't love all AI. I just thought that show had a nice energy to it
How did you think that had a nice energy to add a song?
They had people falling in love
They had a boat
What do you like about movies colors?
All right, that doesn't make sense actually coming from you. Um
Okay, everybody's in LA. I guess so are we in LA? No, we're in canon. We're in a different place
unspecified
Okay. Well, that's good to know. Anyway, everybody else is in LA. Here we go
Coming to netflix this may everybody everyone everybody can John Mulaney presents
Everybody's in LA six live insolments of the program. We're John Mulaney
John Mulaney explores the city of los angeles with his comedian friends featuring people equal to but not necessarily
Jerry Seinfeld, Chris Rock. I'm David Letterman. Nadie está confirmado aún
But a lot of people are in play everyone. He passed it in a nice very funny way
It begins May 3rd and must end May 10th. It's a celebration of LA. We'll have music. We'll have one of those delivery card robots
Fingers crossed we'll have local LA county officials talking to the biggest names in comedy
And it's only on for one week during the something something something. I'm sorry during the netflix is a joke festival
This may streaming live on netflix around the world
With no delay 7 p.m. Pacific 10 p.m. Atlantic. I'll be watching. I'll be watching. You'll look big
I'll be watching they'll be watching and you are alien brethren. Be me up scotty
Maybe we just don't need to celebrate LA
Yeah
Yeah, maybe LA just doesn't need another celebration. It turns out
I mean, I like John Mulaney. I like when he eats tuna
I can't argue with that. I like when he and that guy eat tuna
They play, you know, Jewish stereotypes. They eat tuna. Okay, they're playing them with class though and it's from personal experience
I do like the tuna thing. We all like the tuna thing
He's good
That looks like a thing. He had to make one weekend and they did it
It's all of his favorite comedian friends. It's comedians in LA end of census
comedians in LA end of census
Yeah
at Jerry Seinfeld's even in it
And that's good because lately whenever I'm I'm I was like, what's Jerry Seinfeld want to talk about?
I never got enough of him talking and his opinions aids like a fine wine
You know, they get colder and more vinegary things. I like that's not how wine ages either
Comedians in Baltimore that I'm curious about why
depends on the part of Baltimore they're in
I would like to see Jerry Seinfeld on his own
In the like middle of downtown. Well, not even downtown in certain parts of Baltimore. He'd be fine. Yeah, actually he's famous. He would be fine
I kind of what I'm saying is I want to see Jerry Seinfeld get like attacked on the street. That's fucked up. No
I don't nobody wants to see that. I just mean what if it was comedians and cars getting carjacked
Every week a different a different comedian thinks they're gonna do like a lighthearted interview
Boom fucking kicks in the door
Jerry, oh you that sounds awful
That sounds objectively awful. Oh it does
Yes
Was stavros on that shit would be good
I stavros would probably be pretty funny on that. He'd be fun. It'd be funny if he was getting carjacked
While taking a voicemail
I you know, I don't get what you like about comedy either yelling. All right. That does also make sense
That does also make sense
While the therapy guests at gecko also from baltimore and all those irish guys from that show about
cops and robbers
You know the famous show cops and robbers hbo
Uh, you died, you know, I'm I just can't with you today. I'm sorry trend. I'm sorry
You got to start learning basic facts about the world. No
No, that's where you're wrong. I gotta be me
That's the most important thing you can be. He's an original
Yes, it is the wire to be grendel. Yes, I I do actually know that I swear I know that
I make no claims to know that in fact. I refuse to know that
Me it's called cops and robbers hbo
All right. Well, that's good for you then it is good for me and it's good for all of us because
Um, I might not know what it was
But the thing that I do know is as I know what it is. He'll fucking get it or I'll see you later
I loved cops and robbers hbo. I don't know why christ is being such a stick in the mud
To double the double blaze
classic double blaze
comedies and cars getting carjacked
I would watch that
But I don't think I'd want to get see Jerry Seinfeld actually in physical danger
I think that would make it slightly less fun
But then again if it was fake
Kind of you kind of want to see the real unfiltered version of these people when a Trent grew out of his eyeliner phase
I think he just ran out of eyeliner
And he refused he's just too lazy to buy more
You know, he stole some eyeliner and then he just eventually ran out
And that's a bummer. I hope he steals more soon
Hope he gets down to it
All right, what else is going on in the world? Oh, yeah the Wonka, too
We called it the it was too big of a
It left too big of a cultural footprint for someone not to just remake the exact shitty thing
But ironically for people in LA to go to and it sounds like that's exactly what's going to happen
I'm assuming based off this headline
um
So let's find out
What the deal is with
And let's cultural uh cannibalism
Don't let them take it from you
What's up y'all, it's actually me
Let's fucking chat. I don't just do science which I can say at will because I can't cut them out of the segment while I'm out here
That's true chun
Wonka for the kids. Yeah, I can't find this fucking. Where did the story go?
Will Smith does the surprise men in black performance. That's kind of sick
Um
I swear there. I swear. I saw this somewhere. Oh, there it is glass goes by our willow Wonka experience who be recreated
That's what i'm talking about. Where's my song? That's a really good point play that shit
And here we go everybody's fucking singing this shit macho macho jet
It's a bang you guys love your song so much. I mean
The world's strongest coolest man. I like it when it's a better contest. Say it again
macho macho jet
With his sons. He is. Anyway, that's my song
Don't wear it out. Well, you don't wear it out. I
I can't
I'm saying don't wear it like i'm saying it's good. Don't wear it. Don't wear it out. What is that saying me?
I mean, don't overdo it. Ah, shit. I do want to overdo it
Hey, I picked that up. Anyway glass guy's viral willy Wonka event to be recreated for LA
Glass guy's infimis willy wanka themed emissive experience is being recreated in less angeles later this month
Sick didn't I say they should do that? I can't remember who said they should do that
But it did seem like a layup and the ball has indeed been laid up
Shape shifter, I like this because you can also sing it as macho chat
Which is fun where oh because you're in chat. This is a see it's a fun song for everyone
Yeah, good job chat. That's all I was looking for now. Keep saying it. No, let's let's just move on
Okay, and I'll be in mean again
This event simply called willy willy's chocolate experience LA
Is scheduled to take place in a nondescript warehouse in the heart of downtown LA on the 28th of april
According to the event bright ticket website. Oh, shit. Can I pull up this?
Is it going to show all your info if I pull up the event bright ticket website?
You can immediately pull up your credit card for everyone's looking. I don't know. Just double check. Okay. Well, I did
Um, yes, this event is real
It's just it's the same shitty fucking advertising as the last one. It's just one a high picture
by house of illuminati LA
Location to be announced refund pump. Well, is this all people are going off?
It's four hours and 30 minutes. Do I gotta go for the whole four hours?
Get ready to step into a realm of pure imagination as the highly acclaimed willy's chocolate LA
Makes its debut in the united states courtesy of house of illuminati LA
Following its groundbreaking success
You see glace go with this fantastical event promises to be an immersive journey into the whimsical world of willy wanker
Featuring the notorious cutie shoot put lube put christie peterson in an exclusive absurdist q&a and fan opportunity
I don't know. This kind of is starting to give me those like
Tommy wassail vibes
Tommy wassail. Tommy wassail. Yeah, man
You know used to be wassail. Now he's what's up?
What I just mean like it's kind of less fun once they're in on it
I want to talk shit about these people and be mean
and once they're aware
Of their own gimmick. I can't bully them. You just want to bully people whose art. You don't like yes
And like now it now it's like they know
And they're doing it ironically
And I now can't be like fuck you your shit sucks dude feel shame
And that ruins it for me
Well, you know, that's a little hateful. Well, but that's what we were all being together
And that's what's beautiful is we's all being haters together
And now it's like the spark is diminished
And it's like refractory hate
I'm surprised you know that word. Yeah, so reef it's like we put it back through a factory
And it came out wrong because you shouldn't put it through the factory twice. It's refractory
It comes after the groundbreaking success though of the original experience in glass guy scootland
organized by house of
Illuminati
And businessman Billy cool. Well, he's got a good name though
nice
We need to bring back bullying if you want to know, but yeah, well now we've bullied him into more success
I think this is also the original
I think this is the original
Uh
Guy who did it or at least that because we went through that house of Illuminati Illuminati website
You have any looking into the Illuminati. Well, I think clementine did
House of Illuminati this is for a fight house of Illuminati la and the oompa loompa claims
It is a joke and she wouldn't work with him again
that
Sounds like a conspiracy to me that that sounds like a conspiracy to you
Why does that part sound unbelievable to you?
Because the news is reporting that it's it's a sick thing that's happening for sure
Well to me it does seem like the kind of thing that we'll again that
Someone will do but I guess if you did it would you have to pay that? Well, maybe we need to keep reading. I'm trying
I'm really every time I try to read I try my hardest. I swear. I really do
The star of the ill experience is christie paterson who's for if I let us know that that could be that could straight up be a lie
Um
After images emerged of her as said sad oompa loompa. She will take part in an exclusive. If you're the key name fan photo opportunity
Here's the original event. How are they going to remake that the event listing promises to complementary jello beans to kick start the sweetness
As well as local music and comedy performances and vendors offering sweet treats
According to the allure rumors allure
Rumors about bound that renown comedians are vying for the chance to moderate the q&a session
Promising an evening filled with laughter and unexpected twists. Well down this sounds sick renown comedians
Now it sounds like an ad
Yeah, a sick ad. Additionally, hollywood third prob
the
timitay
Calamity has perhaps maybe expressed interest in attending further heightening the excitement surrounding this extraordinary event
But if he's there then you can't even fucking get in so that sucks. Why I could still get in maybe
Now you're not aligned in the same room as him
I don't think that's true. No, I just mean like there's no law against it
But he sees you there. He's going to be like, I lost interest
I'm not that toxic to timothy shallomies image. He can't be seen next to you. It's like
Ruin his whole vibe tickets are priced at 44 dollars
They're not refundable because we're actually going to deliver the listing ad they're not refundable
But it sounds already like it might be a lie. Well, that's the best kind of not refundable
You're you're gambling with your time and a little bit of your money
Shit that does sound exciting
The glist guy version of the event made headlines in february after police were called following complaints from visitors
Blu-Wank his jacket experience is canceled by the organizers midway through
And has even limited he said full refunds would be given to each and every person that purchased tickets
The new event is by house of illuminati la but paterson told the daily record the house of illuminati la is no joke
Name is a joke
Oh, well, yeah, I mean it's now it's all
cycled through
Our own sense of superiority and an irony
Oh good. Okay. It's not billy cool. I don't do any work with him and steer clear
of that for a reason
I'm actually very cool and the thing he did suck and now I'm milking it for everything. It's worth
That's the kind of bullying I'm talking about. I'm back on board
Why because now we're just bullying the one guy and saying he sucks
Look the whole point of this is that we were fucking dunking on billy cool
We're like you fucking suck the thing you did is shit and get fucked
And if we lose the spirit of that then what are we even doing?
It's just a little more mean spirited than I think most people feel
But it's what they're doing functionally is rough. It's like that time tommy was so he came on stage
um
He came on stage to like kind of accept the award for that movie that was completely based on his life and and him
but
You know that actor who played who played bad spider-man
What you know the guy who played tommy was so who's a cool ass dude and he like fucks or something
It tommy can we watch this watch you want to watch the tommy was so thing where he almost accepts an award?
All right
First thing this is the energy i'm talking about is the man himself tommy wise oh, yeah
Come on up here tommy comes up
He comes up. He's walking up 19 years ago
And there's cool actor james franco
He goes to talk. He's like no
No
No
No, that's for me. You're an embarrassment. You are not worthy mutant back to your cave. That's the kind of shit. I like
Because he because james franco is a cool celebrity who's hot
And time moves so is like a fucking mongrel. He did a whole movie based on his life exactly and that's the ultimate
Oh, and it's like i'm you but better
So now i'm in for this la thing
You do know what james for that james franco did bad stuff. Oh, well, I mean don't they all
I thought we were just into liking bad people. Is that not a thing i'm off base here. Yeah
I thought we just like bad people
We're not no. Oh
Well, anyway, you get my point. I don't think I do my point is
When someone does something embarrassing
And then you try to make it cool by knowing that it's an embarrassing thing
You just can't lose that spirit of absolutely making the person who did it feel beneath you
James franco gets it and i'm hoping this event gets that and based on this article
I think they do I think they're still saying yes
We will milk the mistake you made for everything it's worth
But just know we're better than you and that this is all ironic and we get it and so i'll be there
You'll be there. I will be there, but I don't think you can get in
All right, I'm sure time. He would have said something like just love one another. Yes
um
I would honestly much rather hear what he has to say than whatever fucking james franco
Said he's holding a phone. I wonder what else is in that phone
Probably some cool numbers
of friends
Probably some friends numbers
Looks like this then will be hosted by zack gelfanakis unless there's another canadian
gelfanakis, it'll honestly probably be pretty fun. Yeah, and I'll be there
The fucking if fucking david cool shows up. I'll throw tomatoes at him. All right
You're gonna get tickets. You said I can't well, but what have you tried?
I'll maybe a fees in town. I would go with her
But I don't know
I don't know
I guess I have a little on your side of the sense of I don't know what the point of like
Drudging this thing up is
But we are we are indeed and so you should go well, you know
I guess the tickets are only $44, but
The original thing was not a place you wanted to stay. Yeah, but now there's a q&a about how that's how how that happened
We miss fiona fiona's doing fine. She's in new york. Well, I'm assuming she's doing fine. I'm very confident
She has I haven't talked to her in a few days, but she's in new york
Making a sub goal
All right
You'll make it a sub I'll make it a sub goal
Although I might have to act fast because if this shit's on the news it might sell out
Um
Also, what is it because we could have a thing you could have a thing and I always have a thing
Look at burping burping stop it. I'm burping
Wait, does it even say when it is?
I don't think it even has a date
There's no data
Dude that makes it cool as shit. You're gonna get a text like get downtown right now
It's so nice to meet a foster buffito
Absolutely
She's still gay exactly feel no already. Let us know she's still gay
Oh, it's april 28th. Why can't I see where that is on here?
I'm clicking the check out button. I put in cases credit card you put in my credit card. I put in your credit card already
April 20, um, there's no date on this. I swear to god
Keep me up there. Okay. Well, I'll make oh it says april 28th in the image. It says it on the image
Um, am I doing anything april 28th? Let me double check
I'm a busy. Yeah, I'm busy
Dude
Um, I'm gonna pull up my fucking google calendars
Last sunday of the month
Okay
What are you doing then case?
Mr. Busy
Um, oh, I do actually have a show this sunday at 10 30 at at ucb with my friend john madison and tim
Who have both been on the stream as well as many others?
Uh sunday 10 30 at ucb this sunday the 21st
We're doing a show called fan your fiction where we do an improvised fan fiction
I fell asleep
I fell a fully fell asleep. You're awake. I fell asleep though until you cut to me
I don't care. I care about willy wonka. Oh, I'm just promoting my own thing
Will the rat stuff be done? Maybe anyway, if you're in la
Consider checking it out
I'm there and also other people that if you don't like me. Hey, why are you watching but be don't worry. There's other people
Exactly. They're watching. There's always I'm right here, man. I'm right here
So rude all the time
so rude
Get fell asleep like trump in court exactly power moves. I'm not a fan of meteor tramp
But I can't deny when he pulls off a successful power move like oldie falling asleep in court that kind of rules
It's a little bit of a power move. I will give him that I mean in the sense of being really old
It's an old man power move
The wise old sage. I don't think anyone's ever called him that I
I guess I uh, I don't why I actually want to call him that. All right fair enough
Uh, anyway, so make the sub goal for me. I gotta do it. All right. I did say I would
Hmm
Let's see
Three elements
Let me play my music while I do this that'll keep the
And here we go everybody's fucking singing this shit macho macho chat
He's the king of all the rest the world's strongest coolest man
And greatest dad no contest say it again
Macho chat
With his sons. He is always said the ultimate
What what 20 is 20 enough for you to do green shit. You won't forget
30 the case of saying 30
All right
I think that's a little unreasonable, but
And dance like no one else can group
But I just don't know how this part goes
30 won't even really cover the cost of the tickets, but I'll do it for 30
Well, because if I go I'm gonna have to bring at least probably candle
That's true. It'd be rude to not bring candle
Okay, well look, um
I'm excited for this. I'm too busy to go. You're not going. No, I'm too busy and I don't I don't know
I'm not dropping 40 dollars on this shit. Are you kidding? Look at it
Look at that. That's for fucking losers. A loser made that
And I'm fucking I'm gonna dunk on him from a distance
Whoever made this is a piece of shit
The fuck I'm saying like as pure as possible to the original idea of bullying the guy who made this
So I won't even be going but good for you
Okay, whatever, um
No worries if we don't hit this call
Zero worries, but if we do I will stream it and I will well. I'll try to stream it
Can you even stream? Oh, shit
Hell that's five. That's five for the whole card king. Thank you so much. I do think case owes it to me to go
Because I'm curious like how much they felt. Oh, shit the hype train's coming
Well, the hype train is coming
So chat, thank you so much for being here
And for covering this story and then possibly forcing me to go to the spend
So breachy, thank you so much. Uh, and also again card king five subs
Fucking off the chain
But I'm getting back off of my chain
I'm fucking breaking these chains and I'm fucking I gotta go to the gym
So
Enjoy the wonka that case is going to have to go to
Fucking he's gonna have to go
I check my escape and of the news was you know and
But you know that I did do it because I knew and now what you know is what we all know and
Knowing isn't half the battle because it's not a fight
It's a friendship of of battles and it's the full friendship of all the battles and I've checked
I guess there's a hype train
I guess I can't deny that there's a hype drinker
This outro and all of news. Yeah, he is coming
Or I guess maybe he's already here. Let's fucking
And I mean
I'm a train
Dropping those awesome power references, thank you so much destructive one for the resub for 17 months
17 months 17 months
I don't kill me, please. Oh don't beg for your life. I'm begging not to die. Please
100 bits also nice
Technically more bits so it should be nicer and yet 69 is nice
I yeah, okay. I've drank you've got energy. I got so much energy
Where's the water? You've got a water bowl. Where's my water bowl?
I need to wrap up train water. What the hell is train water?
It's all the stuff that leaks out of me. I'll wrap it back up to get it back in me
Okay, well, um, don't worry guys hype trains only live for three more minutes three minutes 42 seconds
Thank you very much and I am counting those because at the end of it. I will die
I'll die. I die every time. I know
Do you know do you know the pain of death? Well, well earlier I was just told it's not the best
Oh someone already let you know
Yeah, a piece of salmon sushi. Let me know that dying is kind of whatever it is pretty whatever
It's pretty whatever
I'm hot. Give me a song
You want a song?
Yeah, I want to wrap up. I want to wrap over a pac-man beat
A pac-man shit earlier, I was watching it from hell and I was
Sick pac-man trap beat please. I think I can. I think I can. I think I can
Is this even a train related pac-man is on a track in a sense
Amazes car into the track
Tell me what case you ever thought about that
Pac-man on the attack
Don't come up on his back
The mouse where Pac-man's at
But you don't work is chat. Chat is in the back. That's right. Chat is in the back
Pac-man coming through. Can you handle that?
Pac-man on the attack. We're chatting. I'm chasing the back with the packed rats
Pac-rat chat, yeah, chat, rat, chat, rat, pac-man, dat, dat
Pac-man, dat, dat, chat, chat, chat, chat in the back with the packed-back attack
Pac-man always coming back with the chat in the back. It's a pack attack
All right, all right, all right
Two minutes till you're dead
Who knows how long I'll live? That's the magic of
Let's see for me
Pac-man survives by eating little balls. Well, how do I survive?
I have to do a feed on your height
To stay alive
So if you be those little balls of hype
You keep me feeling so right
Run this train through the night
Car can't keep it in time
That's the sub showing me love
Now the train's going out of line from above
Train never gonna stop
When the beat done dropped
Train gonna go check it, check it, check it a lot
Ah, okay
To end it, I need more pac-man beat
Please
I'm stopped
Oh, I hear a pac-man beat in the distance
Oh, a yummy pac-man beat
This one's different
Do you have this? This is a slightly different pac-man beat
Boy, I've only got a minute left
Well then I better make that minute the best
Better rhyme with my whole damn chest
Gonna rap till there's nothing left
Time train keeping me alive
Five subs ain't got right inside
Time train making swell with pride
Pac-man on the track
I abide
I abide that
With chat
You abide that with chat?
I abide that with chat in the bag
Turn this beat up, motherfucker
I'm a real big pac-man lover
I can't even
What is this pac-man?
Damn, you're being, you've been summoning for another four minutes
Time train did it
Yeah, time train, you know how I'm living
Time train, he's keeping me sitting
Time train, he's way too fucking giving
Dropping five subs
That's what he's bringing
Yep, a time train, thank you so much for the support
I may constantly pray for the hype train's death
But I also love the support
That's the paradox of the train
Keeping case in that pain
My life is a motherfucking game
That I'll fucking change
I'm train
I'm apple and apple
He's bringing the cheers
Like he's chucking snapples
He's keeping his whole stomach clear
If you drink clear sapple
Then your stomach is clear
Is that clear?
Yes, that's clear
Pac-man!
I'm gonna eat a couple newbies a circle
What's up? What to do?
High school or bad interview
I'm cheating at this mother-free
I say cheat for me like it's so damn crazy
Billy Mitchell
Billy Mitchell is the king
Is he bad?
Is any bad?
This is another Pac-man beat for you
How many Pac-man beats are there?
Oh shit, is this the same one?
This could be the same
I don't know, it's gonna be the same one
He's a cheetah
He's a Pac-man beater
He's an equator
He's an equator
Billy boy, just a whack man
I'm the truth in the Pac-man
Billy boy, you're just a whack man
I ain't the name that you're my friend man
It's so loud, Nick
This beat's real loud
Yeah, but you gotta turn it up to my headphones
When all the artists say
Turn it up to my headphones
My last beat
I ain't moving right past it
In fact, I demand it
And if you can't stand it
So remember what to go ham with it
Get in
Go ahead and get in
I'm about to let in
All of this hype that I'm a friend of
Yes
This train never ended
I'm on that permanent bender
Sender
I'ma give you a real good ending
Hype train
Where's the dancing jack wire?
I need to re-download it
Re-download that jack wire
to it now
I want a jack wire to dance
Like what I know
Somebody's low
I'ma kick out these jack wire hoes
I think it's time to let them know
Go straight to your botto
Find that jack wire stop
Let them dance right now
Like he's popping off the block
There's that jack wire dance
Get that shit in my pants
I can't find it man
Where's that jack wire at?
Come on jack wire
Is it gone?
Dang
It's a panther
It's a panther
And that's the answer
I'm about to find this shit
I'ma find you a dancing panther
Here we go
Getting download
This shit about to explode
Like currently working
Dropping the soil
That's just how it goes
I can do this shit all day
Every beam that I fucking slay
Hype train come with me
Speed ain't slowing
Gotta download while I'm flowing
Hype train I'm exploring
Woo what it do
Panther about to come flow
Fresh up the download
I'ma drop this shit right for you
Wow what the fucking fucking vanish
There it is
Holy shit that's a different dance
That's not the original panther dance
Got me another pacman trap case
How many do you need?
That's we've already done three
Jesus Christ
Hype train
It's never enough
It's never enough
Me and the panther kicking the birds
But I got a fucking lunch
And that's the chanting
I'm trying to find the other one
Oh my god this one's piped up
This is the pacman beat I've been looking for
Drive you insane
Pacman in your brain
Hype train
This game never the same
Look at this panther go
Dancing on top of my flow
It's that best fucking panther
That you could ever know
Bring him back with a panther loop back
Get this panther back on the trap
Yeah another panther
Bitch can you handle that
I got the fly panther
To my left
Fly panther to my right
They fucking coming in
Hype train keeping it tight
Panther fucking throw
Looking on the panther show
We the fucking booty dances
You got a question here's the answer
Panther
Panther
Jesus Christ
Just relax Hype train
Let's go
Let's fucking go
This is the panther
Thank you so much for the 500 bits
Skymer thank you for the
169 bits currently working
Thank you for the gifted sub
And Denon thank you so much
For the gifted sub
At this rate
Unless this show sells out
I might have to go to the Wonka show
Wonka Wonka
I got a joke for you
When it goes Wonka Wonka
There's a retreaded shitty event
Well do you wanna go to that
Can you answer that
Better check with Jed in the back
They're saying they're gonna drop subs
Maybe they have a choice to go
Man
That's you know I will abide
I will abide it
Damn this one is this
The heck man beats kinda crazy
Absolutely
Coming in through the haze
Brain looking like a maze
I'm still going with these pants
Or a Hype train never change
Sorry to all you lames
Sorry lames
Hype train coming in
Damn train still the same
It's not fine
Damn train coming in
To keep this hype straight alive
I'm on my back man shit
Meaning I go chop chop
I'm so fucking cooked
That I might curb stomp
All these haters
That's how pumped you are
So pumped I might curb stomp these haters
Jesus Christ
Get me, you know what I want
You know what I want
Leave another pack man
Trap beat
It's a real game ender
That's a quick screen
That shit look like a mender
I'm a stoop fire baby
Got a chick while letting her hoot
Stay in the stream
Keep lit that wasn't dream
Clean the got you in my sight
Gonna destroy that city won't get a fight
Gonna come through that shit at night
Mayors like oh my god my life
Straight through town
Clean the destroyed it all
Had a bigger ball
I
I
I'm never gonna hear that shit
I'll never forget the baby
Yeet
Yeet
Jimmy Uso's thing
You don't even know what you do so says Yeet
I think it's kinda weird that it's their thing
Yeet was just a general thing
The Uso tried to make their own
Oh it's Jay's thing you dumbass
Like Jay Uso
I'm in these streets
Never experienced a single ounce of defeat
I might go to hell when I die
But fortunately I am alive
Heart rate I strive
Best by desire
Me and my panthers on this shit
Beat getting these tricks
But look at this panther go
You fuckin' know
He's got the moves
Way too fly to lose
This the fuckin' panther that I always choose
It's the truth
Truth
Gosh alright um
Hype train
I don't think you can keep this going
For much longer
That's where you are
And that is where you are
Hype train still going on
And I don't know if I'll be another panther
I know there's more
Just check the score
Man I'm going through these fuckin' balls
And I still want some more
There's gotta be my panther dancer
So find me an answer
That's another panther Pac-Man beat
No, haven't you had enough
Haven't you had enough Pac-Man beats
Obviously the answer to that's no
Please
Oh my god it's another different one
And again the past season pass
It's a subscription DLC
And it's coming through
Subscription DLC
Coming through for you
Patterns never worked
Look at this panther
I'm not sure if I can hear you because everything's so loud
You want me to go to the Wonka thing
And eat one of the mushrooms
They're made of plastic
Big jade up thank you so much for the 80 bits
Card cake thank you so much for the two community subs
And to daddy of course for the three community subs
The amount of support
We nailed this sub goal
And not but one hype train
Even while this
Pac-Man beat sub drives me
Slightly crazy
You know it's driving you sane
This is the first time you're making sense case
And to keep that going
You're gonna need another Pac-Man beat
These panthers are too big for the stream to handle
Hype train
The studio can't handle as many panthers
Damn
Oh my damn
Pac-Man
Chop the screw
God damn
Thank you all so much for showing up
You give me and these panthers
The loudest ever sub
Oh yeah
I don't ride like Ben Hur
Check out all these pans for dancing
With this slightly shiny furry in the snow
The panthers fucking
They all say yeah
When they stored it
No they fucking lose and they ain't losing
These are the panthers choosing
The train baby
Boom boom boom
Can we add lotion to that panther?
I don't know if the stream can handle it
Stream can handle it
The larger man in it
Dancing on top of the lotion
They ain't even fucking slowing to keep the permanent
Emotions smooth now
You asking how we just
Lotioned up the panther
Past the time
Pat them down with the lotion
Check the panther motion
The man to slow it
Now we steady panther stroke
And you got the lotions
And on a Friday night
Cause you would lose it
Mixed fur the lotion
Like ooh here we go
It's expert time
For a little panther show
Now you flat flat
Flap it away
Fuck fuck fuck fuck
On a hot Friday
Why are you rapping about jerking off now?
Jerking is off in the streets
We jerk off in the streets
What?
We jerk off in the streets
Yeah we jerk off in the streets
We jerk off in the streets
Check the fucking sheets because I made a mess
But my mom don't say nothing
Because she is the best
She's like I know what's up
I know what's in the cup
Jerking off in the streets baby what's up
Oh my god stop it hype train
It's a problem
Boom
Good job this chat is the best
Hike train saying alive
Like the rest I'm a metadata
Baby me and the panther is the best
Thank you chat
Staying in the back
Last because you love that
Me and chat in the back
Yeah we destroy you
You know we're basically immortal
Never gonna die
No no no no
That was a big one
That was a big one
And you know what I also have to say
Good job chat
A job well done
I can't deny that you kept that hype train alive
And now
Whether Kendall wants to go or not
It's time for me to buy two tickets to the Willy Wonka show
Time limit reached
Uh oh are they not sold out are they?
They're not we're in luck
We're in luck
Oh boy
Keep me updated on events please don't
Send me emails about the best events happening
Not if they're this one
And we pull out the credit card
As the auto fills not working
And if I don't do this now I'll forget
And
Okay
Do do do
20 minutes
Okay
Breaking an elephant in loose
Is loose in butel
Credit card number
8 5 4 4 3
7 2 6
Area code
4 5 4 4 4
Expiration date November 20th
1984
Um
Alright this is gonna work
And be sure to put all those numbers into
Buy your own ticket
Trying to make sure this works
Well Kendall might go
I haven't asked her if she wants to go
If she doesn't
Well hey I better find somebody
I'm gonna try to stream this
There's a chance
Because it's a performance they'll tell me that I can't
Um but if they won't let me stream it
I'll take a lot of pictures
We'll make a vlog of it
We'll make a Kendall case vlog or a Fiona case vlog
I don't know if Fiona will be in town yet
If Fiona wants to do it I'll need to get another ticket
In fact I'll text her after the stream
And if she does want to go I'll get a third ticket
Just to be safe
Um
That's a hundred dollars as well spent
As it can be I'd say
You know what I mean
You know what I mean Pepita
Yeah
I don't get how money works
So that sounds fine to me
Put the DJI in the pocket and don't say anything
I bet there's ways to do it
I'll need to figure out how to make Kendall's DJI stream
Which you can do
Requires a program or something
It's a business trip
Write it off I will absolutely write it off
In fact I finally learned this year
How writing off stuff
For your personal business works
As this is the first year I've made
Most of my money entirely
Off contract work
Wait did I not check out? Son of a bitch
Okay
Oh no I almost I almost bought two more
I got two tickets
Fresh and ready to go
Okay I'll get another one
I just don't know if Fiona will be back in town
But I'll text her and ask
I honestly courtesy of this stream
And all the other work I do
I can write off some pretty odd things
Um
But this year I'm gonna actually save
This is my tip if you're running a
Weird entertainment business of sorts
Is a lot of meals are technically business lunches
But they actually are
They actually are
And this year I'm gonna finally save those receipts
Because I could have claimed a lot of stuff this year
But I didn't save the receipts
I could have been writing off
Cigarette sandwich stuff in the past
I think as I was making so little money off
Cigarette sandwich this is like I can't
Write stuff off but you totally can
Whatever you're making money off
Write stuff off would be my advice
It's legal I actually had a tax
Person this year tell me how to do it
And it was fine it was fine and not scary
Even though for years I was like it's too complicated
I can't do it
Point year the point is
You guys are the best
You know am I
That pumped for the Willy Wonka thing
Actually it turns out yes I am because
You've not made me pumped
You've made me this pumped
You ran a theater for years I didn't know that life was easy
I didn't miss it under all that duck action
And I think it's a good time to check in with the streets
I haven't seen Tripp in a minute
And I think it's important that I
I keep an eye on him
Because he just never know what's going on in his brain
In his Tripp brain
So let's set it over to him
He's on the streets if you have any hot opinions
Be sure to get them going in the chat
That's where Tripp
He finds those opinions in the chat
And then by the power of streets
Transfers them onto the streets
Any hot opinions you have please throw them in the chat
But right now it is time for
You know him
You maybe love him
It's Tripp on the streets
Good job to me
I'm back on the streets
Yes
I think that graphic might be broken
And it will do that every time we transition
Or the rest of the stream
But I think that's actually the right move
Because good job to all of you
You've made it back to the streets
You're forcing case out into the streets as well
If what I've seen is to be believed
Onto those Wonka streets
And those are some of my favorite streets
A lot of people are dunking on that Glasgow experience
To me it looked like a good time
For a street inside
Now they didn't fool me
I still would never go in that building
They can make it look as much like a street in there as they want
I can tell it's a warehouse
I wouldn't enter
But I appreciate the effort
And I'm glad that case will be
Doing whatever that is
Recycling nostalgia for a fucked up event that happened
A couple months ago
If you have any opinions on anything
Anything at all
Throw them in the chat
I'm getting cued up today
Earlier case
Talk to a salmon
Casey missed that
I'm excited to see what else is out here today
I love the streets
I love the opinions
So I'm just seeing who's out here today
Just looking about
Hmm
Looking about
For the people on the streets
The pond water's been really
I get some questions about how the pond water tastes
The pond water's been great lately
The pond water
Had a very flavorful bouquet
Which I sincerely appreciate
Sometimes the pond water's a little bland for my taste
But not lately
It's been some strong pond water
Anyway, looks like we've got an opinion
Approaching us now
I'm always ready and I'm happy to hear what they have to say
Excuse me sir, do you mind talking to me
I happen to be Tripp Radstein
Hi Tripp
I'm Dudley Berkshire
My sperm for all of the salmon
But I don't look younger
And I'm wondering where that could be
Where are you from
I'm from Berkshire
Last name is where I'm from
Okay, because you sound
Interesting
I've been donating all of my sperm
For all kinds of salmon
But I don't know where it's going
You're donating it to the salmon
I sprinkle it into the lakes
I sprinkle it into the rivers
I say it's for you salmon
And I never hear back
Well, I mean, are you sure there's salmon
I don't think there's salmon in every lake
There should be, I checked
With my local park ranger
I said I've got 12 liters of my semen
To donate to the salmon
Is this a safe place to dump it
He said
What did he say
He said give me six pounds
I'll go dump it
You take the other six
There's a lake over there
Three pounds in the lake, three pounds in the river
The salmon are hungry for it
They'll appreciate it
I've never heard from any of the salmon
I didn't see any salmon bathing in it
So what did I even do
Well, I think you
Yeah, I think Lady Citrix has it
You dumped a bunch of semen in the water supply
Well, what that park ranger do with the salmon
I mean my sperm
Or both
I think he took it
I think he just took your sperm
God damn it
They're telling me I just donated my sperm
To some random guy
Yeah
This is a Berkshire tradition
We're supposed to donate our sperm
To salmon
Why?
So that the bears give birth
To the next generation of Berkshireans
I kind of
I think I'm seeing
We're going for that
I'm just not going to ask
I'm done
You don't want to know how that works
No, I'm good
I'll explain it in detail
Alright
Listen, Berkshire are like
Pregnant bears
Okay, whatever
Thanks for your time, Dudley
Alright, I'm Dudley Berkshire
Thanks for cleaning that up
This is why people come to you trip
Okay, well that was a guy
That was a guy
And I think
I think we did our best
Oh boy
I don't know what this is, but it's coming
It's coming right now
One second
Just wait there for one second, sir
Sir, please wait
Okay
Now you may speak
Everyone keeps making
And Sleepy Joe
I think the issue is
We need to nationalize nap time
Okay
Okay
Well, you agree
Could you repeat
I was just focused on something else
Everyone keeps making fun of Sleepy Joe
And Sleepy Trump
I think the real issue is
We need to nationalize nap time
I'm looking right at you, sir
You're looking at me
Okay
What would that even look like?
Well, you
What are you never in kindergarten?
I was in kindergarten
Well, it'd be like that
Everybody takes a nice big
Nap
In the middle of the day
And it's chill because we're allowed to
Instead of feeling ashamed
For napping
You find that
People have trouble sleeping around you
Would they?
Is there something on my face?
Can I get it?
That's a good idea
It's an easy
Crowd pleaser, for sure
Everybody loves naps
We're all overworked
Solstice in the middle of the day
Bring it back
Yeah, even two
Even two hours
Yeah
Okay
I thought you might like that
Did you like it?
Yes, great work
Thanks, Tripp, huge fan
Huge fan
Sometimes it's a little bit of a test
For me, I'll be real with you
It's a little bit of a test
Alright
Let's see who else is out here
That was, I had a good opinion
I agree, I do actually agree
Let's see who else
Oh boy, there's a conspiracy being summoned
And that does make sense to me
I'm not sure what the conspiracy would be here
But I feel like I'm the victim of one
But there's someone else approaching me
It also looks like we're full of opinions for today
Thank you so much for all the hot opinions
If you have any more, you can throw them in the chat
I might not be able to get to them though
So save those fresh opinions for next time possibly
Excuse me, you there, sir, though
I say that you have a hot opinion ready to go
And we gotta get through this so we can learn
What's good, Tripp?
I'm just out here walking my iguana
Around the park
And getting all the weird looks
From these folks
What's wrong with walking with it?
I think everyone should be
Required to have an iguana
Don't you agree, Tripp?
Ugh
It's just my little pet
Was he Puffy Bear?
Good question, everyone
Um, well
I don't know if they're looking at the iguana
What do you mean, Tripp?
They can't take their eyes off me walking my iguana
They're so
They're so disrespectful
To the iguana
You feel like you get looks when you're not walking the iguana?
Well, yeah, because I'm the guy who walks the iguana
And now that I'm that guy, everybody's like
There he goes
They stare at me
They're eyes wide
They freeze in place
And they watch me till I'm gone
They look back, they've pulled up their phone
And they're calling the police
Even when you're not with the iguana
Yeah, but it's because I walk the iguana
That's why they do it to me
It's just a pet, I want people to relax
Look at me
It's just a pet
I don't come into your house
And stand at the end of your bed
And stare at you while you sleep
And then when you wake up say
It's just an iguana
So why do that to me?
People are breaking into your house
I'm saying that's how they make me feel
Like they're standing at the end of my bed
But they're just standing there
Staring at me
Saying
Why?
Why you have a pet iguana?
Why?
Just consider getting a dog
Oh, I like the iguana
Well, then stand by your principles
And you know, sometimes society just
Doesn't understand
I get it, I live in a park
And I drink mostly pond water
And that's also mostly what I eat
Because the water is so thick
Those are the kinds of things I'm up to
That's not normal, but I do it anyway
Because that's me
Alright, that's actually very inspirational
I'm gonna get out of here, Tripp
Oh shit, I stepped on it
I smushed the iguana, oh it's dead
Oh, I killed it
I squished it like toothpaste
He smushed the fuck out of that
Jesus Christ, what a mess
Um
Sorry, god damn
That was...
I'm glad the camera didn't pan down there
Holy hell
I can't do anything, it is smushed
If it makes you feel any better, it felt no pain
It exploded like toothpaste
Slammed with like a pneumatic press
That was wild
My bad
Eat it?
It's a solid paste
That's some swallowed iguana paste
I'll let it cook in the sun for a little bit and I'll check in with it later
Because I do have more opinions coming in
Um, let's see who else is out here
To talk to with me today
Um
This is a weird day for me
Based on what's approaching me right now
But I guess we'll just go with it
Are you there, thing?
Hmm, it's not coming for some reason
Where is it, where?
Excuse me
I can't get him to come out
He's being bashful
Let me see if I can fix that really quick
For y'all
Don't you just hate it when your guests are being
So dang bashful
Hmm
Okay
One second
Will it come? Please
Huh, why isn't this working?
Oh, weird
Alright, well um
For some reason that doesn't work
Let's talk to this guy instead
Let's talk to
Let's just talk to this guy instead
You'd actually look way more normal
Which is less exciting
But we'll talk to you anyway
What's your deal, you there
Chip, I missed the Izzy
A hormonger
Alright
I'm Baron Trump's former principal
And I just want to say
I really invited parents
Alright, and since
He missed the last 12 parent teacher conferences
We just assumed he was dead
And was being raised by his mother
Just wanted the public to know that
Felt like he's a public figure
I'm not blowing up his spot
I missed the Izzy, I'm a hormonger
I'll admit that as well
Alright, and
I know it'll make some enemies
But I don't consider Baron Trump's father
Because he missed those meetings
He's not invited
He's not invited to graduate, he wasn't
He wasn't and he would never be
You gotta be there for your kid to be considered a dad
And I should know
I'm a hormonger
I still make time
I still make time for my various sons
That I had with
With my wife
Yeah, I do
Obviously she knows
Look how upfront about this I am
She is too
Separate whores, we don't like to combine it
But you know
I don't, well, okay
I don't feel shame
I had an accident
Another guy, Finneas Gage
He got a railroad spike through his head
Yes, yeah
I had that but with
A dipping dot spoon
Now I see dipping dots all around me
I was at a bush gardens
In Florida, the Africa section
Isn't that the whole park
And anyway
Someone dropped it, someone had a dipping dot spoon
On one of the roller coasters
They dropped it mid coaster, whizzed back
Hit the car behind them, launched the spoon
At tremendous speeds because it got caught in the wheel
Straight through the back of my head
Destroyed the part of my brain that feels shame
I just want to let people know that too
Okay well
Made you a real honest guy, oh I was always this honest
But I used to feel deep, deep shame
Not anymore, thanks to that
Dipping dot spoon
At bush gardens, Florida
Alright, well that's a lot of information
It sure is, I'll keep talking
You don't have to
Would you ever go back to bush gardens? Absolutely
Who knows what other part of my personality
A spoon could erase there
Changes part of life
Alright, well you're very well adjusted
For a whore monger and a principal
Okay, those are two
Yep, those are two
I consider them both professions
If that's what you're going to say
I mean one costs money, one barely makes money
I don't do either for the money
Alright, well
Thanks so much
And thank you Tripp
It felt good to inform the public
Donald Trump is not a dad
It takes more to be a dad than sperm
You should know that
Why should I know?
You should know that
Okay, thanks
Thank you
Really appreciate the time
Alright, looks like there's one more
I think there's one more opinion for us to talk to
I consider the opinion to be the thing
I'm talking to
To me a person is an opinion
And sometimes it's an opinion
It really is an opinion statement
If it's even a person
Let's see, let's talk to one last
Person, place or thing
And
And then we'll get
For the day
Oh boy
Um
Sure, why not
You there, yes
How are you doing?
Tripp, this is Peter Pumpkin
You
And I'm here on behalf of the animals
Okay
Word is your place of employment is
Trafficked and forced to degrading labor
Not only one
Not two
But three regal jungle panthers
What?
Here for a comment?
Here too, comment
Um
You defend the animals
I am the defender of all
Animals?
Okay, um
That's not my decision, that's not my call
So
I guess I'd say talk to Case
Who's that?
Who the fuck is that?
Um
I'm here to talk to you Tripp
And that's true
I do feel like I have a commanding presence
Well to you I say, they love to dance
Oh so you do know?
Yeah I know, I watch the stream on my phone
And those panthers showed up of their own volition
That's impossible
Go talk to them yourself
Communicate with them cosmically right now
What? There's no way a panther
Would want to dance
Oh
Oh my god, you're right
Those panthers were born to dance
See?
Don't judge a panther by its
Species
I've made a grave mistake
I thought they were being
forced
But it turns out
They're like Billy Elliot
You know I've ever seen Billy Elliot
Yeah, they're like that
Yeah exactly
We both learned the same
I learned that lesson from Billy Elliot
And you've failed too, but now you've learned it from life
That's really, that's cool man
That's cool
Anyway I'm Peter Pumpkin
Yeah why don't people always tell me their name again
There's one leaving impression I'm a big fan
Okay well nice to meet you Peter
It's actually Peta
You said it the other way
Well I get nervous
I get nervous cos Peta is the first
Two syllables of pedophile
I wasn't thinking about that till you said it
Anyway I'm Peta Pumpkin Eater
Alright fine well very nice to meet you
It was really nice to meet you too
I did come here to take your soul
If you were forcing those panthers to dance
But turns out they're into it
So I'm good, I'm good
I'll chill
I'll chill right here
Okay
Then I guess
I guess I'll just outro it then
Thank you so much for all of your hot opinions today
One of them is just sticking around for some reason
And I guess that's his choice
Um
But thank you nonetheless
Your face is totally see-through
I'm aware
Okay well as long as you know
Thank you all so much for the opinions
I'll stay out here on these streets, I'll hold down the fort
The fort being the entire outside
It's a big job but somebody's got to do it
And I'm doing it
So we'll see you later, have a great What I'm Trip on the streets
Bye bye
Whoa good job
Another segment done
Good job we've done
Alright I think it's conspiracy time
I think the time
Is conspiracy time
Alright
Good job
Uh was there a particular conspiracy
So Breachy if you had a particular conspiracy you'd like to see covered
Let Clementine know
He loves to explore the cosmic waves of truth
Um at your discretion
So let him know if there's anything uh
Specifically he wanted to see truth doubt
Otherwise who knows what he'll say
It's time for Clementine
With uh the unvernished truth
Great to see all of you
Conspiracy is while Dobby cited
Story and back feet
Oh my god
As you know I recently wrapped with a Dobby
I'm assuming that's the thing you know
Why wouldn't you?
I wrapped with a Dobby
Um and it went well but the Dobby escaped
Unfortunately I had it locked in my basement
But it turns out Dobby's are very quick
The Dobby
Wived its hands around
Um then it
Straight up grabbed an axe and smashed my daughter bits
And it ran away
Wrapped with a Dobby
Exactly
I got the whole Adobe suite
I got a Dobby, I got a sweet Dobby
A Dobby suite is sweet
Call for an expert
Calls Pepito to watch the whole Bob Shepard interview
And have him get the real Bob Shepard
From the Yankees
Gunshade the first
So long
Bob Shepard
Alright well we'll see
We'll get there maybe
We might watch it at 2x speed
I think it's like 20 minutes
Um
Alright
So wait what am I doing
I'm looking into this Pepito
I'm looking into this wild Dobby sighting
So maybe it's a Dobby that escaped from my
Jesus Christ maybe it's a Dobby that escaped
From my basement
Safely and now who knows what it's getting into
These things is dangerous we can't just let it
Mock around
I respect the value of sentience and freedom
But Dobbies have proven themselves to be untrustworthy
And that's why I'm worried
If it's simply mocking about
So let's see this is real footage
Of a real Dobby in the wild
And I am
Both curious but concerned
As to what it might be up to
My god look at him go
Oh my god
The addiction
At the cliff's edge I let go
It keeps getting worse
I'm ripping my stitches I know
I know
Fuck
Look at the speed of his moves
I just wanna block
I just wanna block out my bullshit
Shit I shouldn't dance
I just wanna work
I just wanna block out my bullshit
I just wanna fuck
I just wanna work
This is what they do
It looks like he's doing the same
Move again and again there's subtle differences
He's suckering you in with his seductive movement
Or theirs or hers
Yeah they do smoke doobies
It's true
Now that it's legal they won't shut up about it
I just wanna block out my bullshit
I just wanna block out my bullshit
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna block out my bullshit
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
I just wanna work
And then obviously, I have questions and concerns.
Damn.
Dobby also might have rapped this.
It's possible.
Dobby's do rap.
Jesus Christ.
I just want to block out my bullshit. I just want to rock. I just want to what? I just want to rock out, go stupid. I just want to block. I just want to block. I just want to block out my bullshit. I just want to fuck. I just want to what? I just want to fuck to my music.
Everything Dobby's do is intentional.
Everything they do is considered and careful.
The choice of song, the choice of movement, the choice of location, all of it can be read into.
For instance, it might look like he's just on some random ear or something.
But he's on a fully manicured hill, overlooking seemingly like a 2D version of Los Angeles.
He's an interdimensional creature. He's literally operating in a different dimension, multiple dimensions simultaneously, 2D, 3D.
He's on a mode pace of hill in the middle of like the Los Angeles random mountains, which is always shitty and there's never any manicure like lawns or something up there.
Or he's just dirty as fuck. How is there like manicured grass up there? Well, it's probably his magic.
Why is he refusing to put his arms down?
Well, somebody already called it. He's most likely summoning other Dobbies. Are you summoning them too?
A hill strategically overlooking all of Los Angeles, the greatest place probably, to stage a takeover of LA,
which we were already informed earlier in the stream, is where everyone is.
He's gonna take over LA because everyone is here. John Mulaney, just ask him.
John Mulaney, Jerry Sanfield, various people walking around and reading copy.
Is the song with the album called Fuck to This?
I believe that's actually the name of the spell that the Dobby is casting.
Now look, I'll be completely real with you. I exposed you all to the full spell that the Dobby was casting.
But it was a test because people that are actually loyal to me are unaffected by Dobby magic.
So if you feel the insatiable urge to put on diapers and dance, well, we got to you.
But if you're like me, you've hardened your mind with the truth and it's a strong, essentially bulletproof brain, then you're fine.
And I suspect all of my viewers are because I've been feeding you the truth.
It's been strengthening you internally. And now this Dobby magic can't get to you.
Thank you so much for bringing that to my attention, Sobriety.
A 100% real video of the escaped Dobby from my basement dancing on a hill, summoning who knows what, trying to take over Los Angeles.
I'll obviously keep an eye on this for what I heard our Los Angeles hasn't been taken over yet.
Although it easily could have been. It seems like there's a bunch of pervs and freaks here.
And that's another good sign that there's probably a Dobby infestation.
I think this was also the little kid from the last Dobby news story.
I think I'm starting to think it could just be one Dobby responsible for all of this.
That's how dangerous Dobbies are. And if this Dobby summons more Dobbies into this reality, then there's no telling what kind of thing we're in store for.
It's honestly, it might sound like I'm just an insane man saying the word Dobby a lot, but that's because the world is crazy.
I'm going to do something I haven't done in a long time and just type in Dobby conspiracy into YouTube and see what I get.
Dobby makes no difference. Issue with Dobby's death. Dobby is a free elf.
This is what I got when I typed in Dobby conspiracy.
Mr. Malfoy.
Mr. Malfoy.
I have something of yours.
Oh, I think you do, sir.
I think you slipped the diary into Ginny Weasley's cauldron that day at Diagon Alley.
What?
Look, there he is, just appearing out of nowhere in the scene.
Just knowing he's off camera is making me sweat.
As Lucius Malfoy always had John M's face, it turns out yes.
You were distracted by the Dobby and you didn't notice.
Master has given Dobby a shock.
What? I didn't...
Master has presented Dobby with clothes.
Such a mistake.
Dobby is free.
Look at him just defending himself against this little evil boy in this Dobby.
You shall not harm Harry Potter.
Dead. And then he dies.
Then he dies.
I didn't mean to show you a snuff film, but I just have.
And that's what happens when you trust one of these things.
That was his servant. That was his best friend.
Just because he gave him a sock, that Dobby killed him.
He was walking over there to hug him.
That guy literally calls everyone huggles because he's all about hugging.
And now he's dead because he tried to befriend a Dobby.
And look, I'll try not to be speciest, owianist.
But, you cannot trust a Dobby.
I think we've proved that today.
Thank you so much for bringing that to my attention, Sabreeti.
I'm sorry that this was a hard one to watch.
I know that this was one of the riskiest streams I've done.
I put all of you at risk. I put myself at risk.
That's the kind of thing you have to do when you're truly advocating for the truth.
Which is all I care about doing here and all that I have done.
So try to stay safe.
If you feel the urge to put on a diaper, do resist.
I don't know.
Just start reading Wikipedia articles.
If you start to feel the urge to put on a diaper.
Just start typing crazy things into Wikipedia and reading the articles.
And that will keep you sane.
Tell them, don't worry.
The truth, I know it's hard to find.
But you've located it.
It's in fact right here.
Alarming stuff.
Alright, Pepito.
You want to watch an entire Bob Shepherd interview?
You ready to do that?
No, I don't want to do that.
We don't have a choice.
You've got to watch a full Bob Shepherd interview.
I don't understand what you don't get.
Well, but did he specify which Bob Shepherd interview?
The Bob Shepherd interview.
Then I guess I get to pick.
I think that's fair.
I think that's fair.
Then I'm picking a three minute one.
Alright, that's, I didn't do it.
I didn't do that.
Don't blame me, Gunshade, the first, Pepito's.
I think he's so clever.
Oh, he will watch this three minute Bob Shepherd interview.
Pepito, check it out.
Search through the archives takes us back to 1998
when our John Keating caught up with long-time
Yankees PA announcer, Bob Shepherd.
Okay.
Well, imagine doing one job for 48 years
to last that long and anything.
You must do that job very, very well.
This is like, it's one year off.
I think it's past.
I don't get how numbers work.
So 1999 and 1998 are the same.
We had a chance to talk to Mr. Shepherd
about his memories of talking to the folks here at Yankee Stadium.
Yay!
Well, first of all, the vastness of it.
I don't get how numbers work.
I don't get how numbers work.
I don't get how numbers work.
I don't get how numbers work.
I don't get how numbers work.
The dignity of it, the splendor of it,
the grandeur of it.
And I've been in a number of ballparks in both leagues.
And to me, not because I work here,
but because I've seen so much of this.
This place has a special niche in my heart.
I kind of look like this guy.
I would guess when you go around
and do your games, like this here in New York.
As soon as you open your mouth and say something,
people go, I know that voice.
No, no, no.
twice three times. One time my wife and I were at Kennedy Airport waiting for our son to come in.
He's a pilot. And the man mopping the floor nearby when Mary and I were talking came over and said
you know you sound like that guy at Yankee Stadium. And you said I am that guy at Yankee Stadium.
Tell me some of the names that you've enjoyed having to pronounce in your role as PA announcer.
Oh, I did a poem once for Marty Noble of Newsday about the famous euphonious names that I enjoyed
doing, among which were Jose Valdevilso, Salome Barojas. And the other night I had a chance
at Shea Stadium to announce a new one that I must add. Shista Goi Hasagawa or something like that.
My names are so harsh. Member of fellow named Steve Sachs. I mean that's hot. That's nothing.
There's nothing to that one, right? Or Mickey Klutz. I mean the others have a nice ring to the
Willie Miranda. Give me a career thrill. Could you announce me as I was coming up to plate
here at Yankee Stadium? As a first baseman. As a first baseman, sure. A hard hitting first
baseman. Okay, yeah. Your attention, please, ladies and gentlemen,
coming to bat number one. Frank Keating, number one. Well, it's John Keating.
Correction, ladies and gentlemen. Frank Keating has 20 minutes. John Keating is now coming
to bat and will probably strike out as I do. There you see pretty much what sums up my baseball
career being recognized as Frank, which I'm sure I will hear from all the people that I have worked
with all the time now. On the archives. That was incredible. Did you know that he
was a baseball announcer? You picked that up? I picked, I got it. I got it about halfway through
that he's a baseball announcer. He sure is. An RIP, I'm assuming, unfortunately. Well,
it was 1998, so it's been like two years. Yeah. Right? You hear baseball is good now?
It's good now? No, that can't be right. Apparently it's good now. Oh, maybe I should check it out.
You should try checking out baseball. It's good now. It's not like pretty long and
to me it's just a bunch of guys spitting. You think baseball is just a bunch of guys
spitting? That sounds awesome. Oh, they fixed it. Shit. They fixed it.
They finally jazzed it up? They jazzed it up. Damn it, I need to check this out.
You won't be disappointed. Now I'll, there's four bases now. There's a, they're always been. No,
it's a new thing. Four bases. Infinite innings. Oh, it's still infinite. They kept them infinite.
And, um. Oh, that's, that's the only change. They fixed it. Okay. You watch baseball for the
moustaches? That is a good reason. Oh, that is a good reason. I like moustaches. I kind of have one.
You do sort of have one. I kind of have a moustache, but like for hair.
And all of my hair is kind of a moustache energy to it.
Blurren's ball like in Futurama, that would be a good, that would be good.
So, Pepito, what do you think? What do you think of Bob Shepard? He seems like a
little sweeter. He seems like a little sweeter. He seems like a little sweeter. He's doing all the
grandpa things. He's telling long stories. He has kind of long ones. And the guy politely listened
and laughed. And, um, and then he kind of, he sort of was like, boring names are weird.
And that's a classic grandpa thing. And that was nice. That was a classic grandpa thing. He's
like, I have to say a Japanese name? That's crazy. And maybe in a sense he's right.
He's right that it's crazy to say a Japanese name? For him. That's crazy. I had to do that.
Oh, okay. And he's getting people's names wrong?
That's not him. It's not that effort that comes. And he's at an age where he's right.
He's probably right. If he's trying, then he's trying. He's trying.
You said them correctly though.
I, well, which is it? I don't know any of these people.
I don't either. You could be saying them completely wrong or completely right.
Mr. Smith's a basketball fan.
Me too. How about them, um, Broncos?
That's football.
Oh, well, you know, to me it's all just humans smashing each other. Or picking stuff up.
You guys like to pick stuff up, throw it and smash each other. And I get it. I like to do,
I like to do almost all those things that I can't throw. That's one thing I'm deeply jealous of
is the human ability to throw. When I don't grab a thing with my mouth, I'll be like,
but it's not the same. I'm blows my mind how you guys throw things. Good for you.
Thank you. That's wrestling.
I like wrestling too. I do like that. Is wrestling where you eat cheese?
No, that's not that.
Oh, then I don't know.
Okay. Um, well, do you want to sing a song?
I guess. What?
Yeah, you have to sing a song to get us out of here for the day.
Oh, is that a thing I have to do?
That's a thing you have to do.
We're hitting all sorts of sub worlds. One of them was you doing a theme.
Okay. Ah, I burped.
Pete Obama was a former PA announcer.
He's a paw? He seemed like a paw.
Put a put a grand in front of that. Now we're talking.
Okay. Okay, I'm going to go to the roof.
All right. Well, we'll send you up to DJ music.
And we'll get you out of here for the day.
Let's send it to the roof. It's time for yet another theme.
And this time it's Pepitos. Let's see how it goes.
Because the news never stops and the beats never stop.
Music.
Let's, um, let's see.
Let's see what we want Pepitos theme to be while he makes his way up here.
If you have an idea for Pepitos theme song name,
go ahead and throw it in the chat.
We're going to figure it out right now.
What do we want Pepitos theme song to be called?
No. Usually what we do is we just pick various famous songs
that have a slight Pepito flair to them.
So feel free to go with that direction.
Although honestly, it's dealer's choice.
Yo-ki-ero Pepito.
I don't know what that is,
but I'm putting it on the list.
We're putting it on the list.
Pepito theme.
Which one?
Whoa, I can hear Pepito already.
I hear the ghost of Pepito in my mind.
All right.
Yo-ki-ero Pepito.
Pepito.
Semi-charmed life.
Living Pepito loco.
That is a strong one.
That is a strong choice.
Um, loco.
You're right, loco.
Well, it could be loco for Pepito.
For Pepito.
I guess.
I don't know.
There's loco.
What's that?
What, what, how does gender work in other languages?
It's a dog eat dog world.
That's pretty good.
Give me some cheese by puppy songs.
I'm just going to put give me some cheese on the list.
It looks like we have room for one more.
Viacone Pepito.
It's a dog eat dog world.
We'll go with it.
It's a dog eat dog world.
All right.
And we'll make this a shorter one.
Just a minute.
Give me just a minute here.
Just a minute, please.
All right.
The poll is live.
You can't see all the options here,
but all the options are in Twitch chat.
The only place to vote
if you happen to be watching on a different platform.
Unfortunately, we'll have to go to Twitch to vote.
The case might fix that someday,
but for now he hasn't fixed it at all.
Some of these are songs I've never heard of,
but maybe Pepito has.
Who knows what kind of music Pepito's listening to.
I do not claim to know.
Looks like living Pepito loco
is so far running away with it.
With 63% of the votes.
We are all living Pepito loco.
Oh, shoot.
Did I not allow...
I might not have allowed channel points here.
Could this be an honest election?
Did I accidentally allow an honest election
to happen on this channel?
That is my bad,
but we will abide by the results here.
We're living Pepito loco, y'all.
Oh my God.
It is, in fact, living Pepito loco has run away with it.
One of the 90s finest
pop dance grooves
Fully the Pepito loco.
Just one sec.
Oh my gosh.
Sorry, buddy, my computer's...
My music computer's acting up.
Okay, please, please show me the thing I want.
All right, let's find this track for him.
First of all, we need La Vida Loka.
Instrumental.
And we've got it.
Good news, we're already locked in
to the La Vida Loka instrumental.
Let's get an idea of it.
See how it sounds.
That's pretty...
That sounds right.
I guess let's listen a little bit to the original,
although we all got to remember it, right?
La Vida Loka.
La Vida Loka.
Ricky Martin, maybe.
Whoa.
Okay, lately we've been using chat gpt,
but I'm going to let Pepito just
look up the lyrics and try to adjust them on the fly.
That's my challenge.
I'm going to make this little puppy just vibe it out.
This song will get the stream redded out most likely.
I think I more or less remember this.
Okay, yeah, I think we get it.
I think we get it.
And so let's get Pepito up here.
Ladies and gentlemen, uh...
Oh, shoot, I'll set Pepito over that.
Whoa, Pepito's popping out.
Really?
Ah, Pepito.
Pepito, don't talk over me.
Wow, Pepito's acting up, y'all.
I have to record this as well.
Let me make sure I'm doing that.
There it is.
Okay, and we are recording.
It is recording.
All right, let's get Pepito up here.
Pepito, come on up, baby.
Not that one.
Yeah, let's get him up here.
Yay, okay.
Um, so, Pepito loco.
Okay, this isn't the track.
This is a filler track for while I pull up the lyrics.
Where is it?
Please.
Oh my gosh, I'm having trouble.
I'm having trouble with the internet.
No, behave yourself, internet.
There it is.
Okay, this is Pepito loco.
Real lyrics.
Okay.
Is it superstitions?
Like I said, what a dog.
Maybe I should show GPT this.
It does feel like it's traditional.
I'm a dog, so I'm pretty bad at typing.
But I'll try.
I'll try.
I want to ask you to write a parody song of Lo Vida.
Loca.
Here are the lyrics I'll give you details once you have them.
Okay, that's what I'm typing.
I'll show you in just a second.
Yay.
It just doesn't feel the same if I'm just vibing it out.
That's true, little man.
All right, let's set Pepito up with this.
Hmm, there we go.
Too many buttons.
All right, please adjust the Lo Vida loco lyrics
to be about a tiny dog named Pepito.
He looks like a sick rat, but he's invincible and loves cheese.
He does.
We'll admit it.
Oh shoot, my hair.
One second.
Sorry, the lighting was off?
The lighting was off.
That's better.
He's invincible and loves cheese.
His mother Fiona abandoned him, but he's got a great attitude.
Okay.
Well, Fiona abandoned him.
He eats anything.
What else?
What else is true about Pepito?
Living Pepito loco.
Okay, he's a producer.
That's true.
He's a producer of a news show.
And he doesn't understand English yet speaks it somehow.
He also doesn't understand numbers.
And he loves smells.
I think that's good enough.
That's a lot of info for that to work with.
Have at it.
All right, great.
I'm assuming that's going to work perfectly.
All right, Pepito, get it back out here.
Let's show these people how it's done.
It's time to live Pepito loco.
I mean, I've been ready.
I stay ready.
Okay, um, that's the original.
Okay, here we go.
I'm Pepito loco.
Loco?
I'm going to say it however it says.
Hit to say.
Okay, here we go.
Oh, chocolate does make me evil.
I'll add that in.
Maybe I'll add a little bit in.
He's in a strange position.
Chasing tales and barking loud.
I feel a strange suspicion.
This pop's going to make me proud.
He's into tiny.
I'm little when I get sick of eating chocolate.
He's into tiny portions.
No sense in the morning light.
He's got a cheese addiction.
For every day and night.
He'll make you chase your tail.
And bark for getting all your walls.
He'll make you live his doggy life.
From his head down to his toes.
Like a hollow into the night.
What?
Come on.
Inside, outside, down.
He's living Pepito loco.
That's wrong.
He'll bark and wag around.
He's living Pepito loco.
His fur is mangy brown.
But his heart is a pure Dorito.
He will sniff you out.
Living Pepito loco.
He's living Pepito loco.
He's living Pepito loco.
You're doing great.
You're doing?
You're doing great Pepito.
I am.
Okay.
Woke up in his tiny basket.
In a cozy cardboard den.
He licked my face and stole my sock.
Yet I still call him a friend.
So never.
But since me teaches on my English book.
But once you fell his puppy love.
You'll never.
Like you'll never.
Come on.
You chase your tail.
He's living Pepito loco.
He'll bark.
He's living Pepito loco.
His fur is mangy brown.
With parts of pure Dorito.
He will sniff you out.
He's living Pepito loco.
Living Pepito loco.
Feeding his chocolate dog.
Be my chocolate dog.
If you chase your tail.
He'll make you live his doggy.
With more tannin' bread.
I'M LIVING PAPIDO LOCO!
It's your turn!
You won't!
I'm living PAPIDO LOCO!
I'm living PAPIDO LOCO!
That's it for me, bye!
Well, that was PAPIDO LOCO, y'all.
That was some LOCO PAPIDO.
A foley loco, PAPIDO.
That's the streaming hours time to go.
Alright!
That's another one.
We said some stuff, but it's time we're done.
I'm gonna roll right out this song today.
And in the stream, if that's okay.
Alright, all of you looking cool in the shade.
I think it's time to find somebody to rate.
Let's see who's out during this song.
I'ma rate somebody on Twitch before this shit is done.
That's easy.
I'm gonna send you all straight toward Kassim G.
So what's up?
That's enough.
I think you're gonna be feeling some of this Kassim stuff.
Alright, y'all.
That's it.
Another one in the bag, baby.
The bag is full of all the stuff that we did.
Looks like Kassim is just chatting.
And that's fine.
I'm about to be just napping, baby.
I'm done.
Yes, yes.
Thank you for coming through.
And thank you as well to a boy, Greg, to you.
Propaganda, yes.
Well, that's the ministry.
Bumble Sprout came through so that he could see all those mossy moes.
Here we go.
That's a strong salute at the end of the show.
Big two, one, eight.
Are you on a bean?
Well, that is fine.
You're also on the stream.
But we're done right now.
So here's the countdown.
Three, two, one.
And we're raiding Kassim now.
That's it.
Bye-bye.
Secret stream.
Nah, nah, nah.
Why, why?
DJ music is done.
I played this shit and now it's time to sell into the sun.
I'll die in the sun.
I would die immediately and be burned right up.
That's just how stuff...