I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm afraid I've spoiled myself yet again.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Right away?
During the intro?
I didn't even know that was possible.
There's a lot of noises at the start of this stream.
Just, who would have designed it that way?
Jesus.
Not him.
Definitely not him.
You don't have COVID too? The secret of the cruise?
Congratulations, Melty, about torture, I think.
Or good title, either way.
Guys, that hair is getting along.
Propaganda, you're right.
But we can go longer.
So I just start combing it out to the side.
Eventually it's gonna do this.
I've seen my brother's hair.
Or maybe not my brother's hair.
And it's very straight like mine.
So eventually, I think I have to stop around here.
But I don't know how long that'll take.
Will it even do that?
Will it just start growing straight up to the side?
I don't know.
All I know is there's a hype train also there
was a request for me to talk to Bugs Bunny.
For some reason.
I don't even know which to do.
I am shithead.
I'm a vocal mask.
Yeah, great. It's that Bugs Bunny.
I thought I saw a pussy ass.
No, that's not even your catchphrase.
Or the... that's Tweety Bird's catchphrase.
I thought I saw a putty the putty butt.
Well, there's Bugs Bunny.
Jeez, a lot's going on.
The winner of the poll was Reverse Mullet.
Which... I'm closer just to Mullet right now.
I'm assuming the hype train's also here.
Or not.
Or I'm wrong.
Hype train, what the hell?
Where is this fricking train?
It is the hype train.
Not just piss jacket case.
You don't have the phantavirus? Congratulations.
I also don't like that rabbit stealing my voice.
That wascally rabbit.
Hard-eyed stinky fuck.
Okay, well that was a little bit of a different voice.
Beat sample to gold on triple a mutual libre theme?
Wait, this beat? A different beat?
I don't know.
All I know is it's my job to think.
This is chat. Also to rap about storing bugs in Tupperware.
Me?
What was it?
Me, Bugs Bunny.
Oh, his voice is different now.
I'm Bugs Bunny.
That was... settled down everyone?
Us?
Yeah, everybody calm down.
Okay, let's look up Lucha Libre trap beat because of what people were saying in the chat.
You can feel your IQ growing over these last seven streams.
Old Dookie Thomas, that sounds...
You must be reading on the side.
Jack, skimmer, just mama, jam, 300 shiny tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this,
like Patreon I haven't seen bugs since those forties cartoons from when I was a kid
that they don't show any more for reasons.
He was starting to freestyle ahead of me.
That's the president free-styling?
Yeah, it's sick what he does on a beat.
Lucha Libre.
Triple A.
Trappy.
It pulled up something called the Beat Down.
I don't know if that's what you're looking for.
Wow!
I think this might just be the...
This is a theme...
Is this just a theme song?
Confession, I've never heard the Lucha Libre theme song.
Oh, I get it.
You stole this already, you bastard!
Oops.
You can't bite your way out of this.
Listen to the blatant theft that's going on, I train.
This is epic. No wonder this is my theme song.
It's Triple A's theme song.
Yeah, but no wonder I had to take it.
I thought this was supposed to be a Rocky theme song.
Turns out no.
Whoa!
I gotta watch the intro to Triple A more often.
This is a free Bolero...
Guitar Type Beat.
This looks pretty good.
J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J!
Whoa!
I'm up alive!
Talking bout bugs.
Me? No!
Talking bout bugs, and I am talking about keeping them in some tupperware right on here
if they're fresh or in the nasty bitch you know.
I'm the hype trainer and I do not fucking care.
A bunch of millipedes is a plastic.
Yes, it's fantastic. I'm on that master shit. Why do you keep you know what? I don't care
I don't want to hear you wrap up keeping bugs in Tupperware. It's a new fucking thing
all the haters
You guess it they're mad
I'm keeping these
Turn my beat up
Like the lid on a bug pop
Tupperware, you know what's up, you know what's up. No, I don't yes, you do
I've trained when I come through I might put a couple spiders in some Tupperware to that's what I do I
Don't speak for all of you. What are you? Why why do you get bugs in Tupperware?
Because the bugs were on the house
To
Where is a mansion right now? Did you know that case?
It's the most moral thing you can do if you see a be on the street, baby
You know what that be good to we can go into some Tupperware just poke some holes and add a little bit of grass
Now it's like they're outside and everybody's so glad you're not housing bugs in Tupperware. Yes
I am I'm curing homelessness when bug at a time, man
You know what I do I train curing homelessness when I come through but only for bugs
And not for bugs bunny dude. Oh, yeah
Take that bugs I ain't not giving a fuck. You know what is up?
I've talked shit about you before cuz you were fucking with bark
And you know that that shit isn't smart when a bugs and bark team up baby
They go straight for the heart and by heart. I mean penis. I just injected myself case
I am running the place
Oh hype train is all that you know and now I'm running the country for show
Governors don't run the entire country. It's only a skip away from the presidency when you are a hype train
You were send to the top so easily. You know what it's up. It's not alright in campaign
I am taking over the polls aggressively. Yes
This is just a song hype train. You're not allowed to you're not allowed to sing over this
This is from some band called surfaces. Okay. Oh, I was getting I was getting happy. It's gonna be my campaign speech song
You're gonna you didn't pay you didn't pay for it
Hi train 2028 I take 2026
Damn it
He wrapped up a housing bugs in Tupperware and running for governor, but he did not think a single sub as
Usual
Okay, well
Good to see everyone by the way
We're back for another normal week of streams the most normal streams in the business. Thank you
For whatever good job we did
The beat oh you know what to do. It's your job now incorrect
I
Just running I can't even hear you by the way it's so fucking loud
I
Anyway, that's we're back we're streaming with a stream has started
Yeah, those are very who's going real thugs bunny on it. He didn't even do his thing. That's all folks
That's my time
And I'm right behind you
That's a much worse catchphrase stop infecting my voice with your evil bugs bunny
Geez
Well, you know rough start, but I guess it's news time. Yeah
Yep, I'm gonna hit the button. You're the one who hits the button. Yeah
It's news time
Are you ever gonna update that case so that the intro to this dream doesn't consistently feature
chat
Talking about how he wants to come actually we be talking about how the ladies want him to come
So you're not even paying attention Jeff
Hello everyone. I'm Jeff Ripple. Good to see you all. We're off to the usual start here. I see
Deep voice cartoons yelling of rhyming sub and sub and love. Yeah, that's about the first 20 minutes of the stream every time
Don't ever change that the people have spoken Jeff. I see you're copying me as usual growing out your hair
My hair just it's like a weed it demands to be long and lustrous lustrous
But I cut it Samson style just so my news power doesn't grow too great and
Overwhelm all the other stations because I believe in a healthy news ecosystem
That's so Magnus of you. I'm no Magnum. What I mean. I am look at the point is it's news time everybody
Let's see what's going on in the world today. I
Don't know
A story I guess you could say it's the top one because I'm saying it first
The DOJ announces a 1.7 billion dollar fund to compensate Trump allies and
Because they posted a video we go to the AP for more
Really the report should be Donald Trump is setting up a 1.7 billion dollar
Political slush fund for the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers and his other political
Lieutenants and hangers on that's an absolute violation of Congress Jamie Raskin's on it
Congress never voted for 1.7 billion dollars for him to give away to his friends
That didn't happen and we never would
If he thinks that we would vote for that
Submitted as a bill which is how you get an appropriation in the United States government
So it's utterly fraudulent what they're doing there. They're prostituting
What's called the judgment fund so they gave my god someone should stop those guys
To his disgrace former national security advisor Michael Flynn
They gave 1.25 million to Carter Page
Those guys both went to court and lost in court and now they want to turn around and give them money
For claims that have already collapsed how does become the Jamie Raskin report?
That's extremely dangerous and now they want to do it with 1.7 billion dollars
And they want to give Donald Trump complete control over it
He's gonna have a board and he has complete control over the people what a beautiful fired at any time the fraternity class of 2026
I gotta get just a handful of Republicans to work with us to reclaim
The integrity of the US government. Oh, thank God. Okay, everyone relax
They just got to get a couple of Republicans to work with them. Oh good
I'm sure that they'll get right on that. What's so funny?
About reaching across the aisle and finding common ground with your enemies
Nothing, nothing. That's very noble Obama style. I would never come for Obama style Obama style
I like the way you're saying that Obama style
team of
rivals
fighting off the 1.7 billion dollars
Excited to see that it's like the Avengers case, but for stopping fraud
And it's happening soon as Jamie Raskin's on it
Okay, you don't have to say it that much. I'm gonna I'm spying you catchphrase
You've you've tried a lot. I don't think this one's gonna work out either
Thanks, Obama style
She'll be able to order that at restaurants. You should be able to order that in and out
I'll take my fries Obama style actually and then they half of the fries are anima style animal style and half the fries are
Republican, okay, great
Obama style is a banger by Method Man
There's a chance live in sleazy is joking, but what if that's is that a real I can never quite tell so I know I have to look
It up my Jordan Peele impersonating Obama and Method Man, but I don't have a song by
It's not really come out. I glad it's easy. How am I supposed to know?
You say things like this and then I assume it's a joke and then I'm the fool
Because it ends up being true we're in a post parody reality, I don't know what to do by the way unrelated to any of this
Oh, you're downloading Final Fantasy 7. Yes
It was requested and so it must be but it's like a billion gigabytes
I didn't know a game could be that big. I'm too white
Come on, what if Method Man a release a track called Obama style instead of possible
Give it another couple years
For Obama nostalgia to reach its peak and then maybe Method Man will drop it. That's 14 not 7 wait
I'm supposed to play 7
I'm pretty sure the request was for 14
Listen up Jack give the trash just manma jammed 800 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
Yes, I hereby give one dollar to everyone that didn't storm the capital on January 6th
Also, we didn't claim anything to fuck with Biden style everyone. That's the real thing going on
The requesters were critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy 14, which has a freestyle up to level a free trial
Not a freestyle up to level 80. Oh
It was 14, but you said 7 case you're confusing only yourself. I'm aware of this
That's the whole stream everyone. Sorry
Anyway, any other news
About this
Middlecast, thank you so much for the 39 months and giggle trash far too kind. Thank you for the 800 bits a dollar
For every all eight people that didn't storm January 6th
It's a brave Americans. They have a freestyle coke machine. Can we get one of those in the office?
No, you have to pay you have to use the vending machine ridiculous
We're not made of money around here. I'd doubt that is very obviously true
Final Fantasy adventure for the Game Boy that would have been an easier download
Instead we're downloading all six million gigabytes of Final Fantasy 14 to do a trial that I'm
Spoiler alert. I think we'll be playing once
Maybe I'll get addicted the only game I'm currently addicted to is slay the spire, but we don't speak for Brendan
It's Brandon actually
Let's go Brandon. He will play the game if I need anything enough an X one four in X one V in the 14
but you know
I'll be shocked if I
Make any progress. Sorry if Brandon makes any progress
You've been playing since ARR. I don't know what that I don't know what that acronym is
Disappointing I'm not a Final Fantasy guy. I played seven and
10 and
three I
Played three seven and ten
That's it
Not even ten dash two. I haven't even played ten part B a dash seven
I've seen a lot of Final Fantasy. I've also watched I believe almost all the Final Fantasy movies including
The weird one with Alec Baldwin
Ten two is fun, but 100% different, you know what? I've actually I've also played
I've played the one with the girl in the orange jumpsuit
Which could be an eight is that eight or nine? How should I know I played more than I thought I played three seven eight and ten
But I'm not a Final Fantasy guy sounds like you've played a good number of them
That's not even half
It's nine
Yeah dagger
But I didn't finish that one. Also. I weirdly got to the last boss in Final Fantasy 10
And I never I didn't even fight it and lose I got to the I won't spoil who the last boss is in case that's a thing
But I got to the very last boss saved and then never played it again
What I know it's some reason. I just was like, okay cool
I made it to the end and I had zero interest in seeing like playing through to the ending
Like good enough. Yeah, the last boss is Koopa
Are we talking about the news or not?
We're talking about
What chat shared actually okay?
Trump's gonna give 1.7 billion dollars to his friends spoiler alert. He's probably given them a lot more than that with
Insider trading
But he's giving them 1.7 billion dollars officially
Cars for kids
Okay, maybe we can go a little deeper on this because I they've seen there's billboards for cars for kids
kids for cars
Which is it we'll find out all over Los Angeles currently
And I do find them unsettling
But first let's just see what people shared generally
In the wake of a run war african nations struggled to cope with rising fuel costs
That was something I clicked on. That's not a chat story
Well, then no need to concern ourselves with that
This is coming to us courtesy of live in sleazy
fake lawyers
Almost got me chefs and punters meet the white monkeys
Paid to make Chinese businesses look global case
New career opera new career path just opened up. How easy is it to get into this particular racket?
Revry will says case I am from Lakewood, New Jersey the place where cars for kids started the town is insane
In the worst way. Uh-oh
Like Lovecraftian fishmen crazy
Not in New Jersey. It's more New Jersey. Lovecraftian New Jersey turnpike people
I don't know where I don't know where Lakewood is, but I believe you revere wolf. That's I'm sorry
Can confirm Lakewood. It's a terrible place. Oh no
Hmm. Well, look every town has its charms, right? It's right wing orthodox jews
interesting
There's worse types of orthodoxes
To be some of them I knew in ronok, virginia
Is this I don't think we're allowed to say this chinese white monkey case black well, it seems
Like we're gonna get in trouble
Hmm, I'll allow it. I'll allow it if I can get this job. What is it? What are you? What even is the job?
Piers has been in china for all of two days. This is one of those first person pov scenes
We're setting the scene everyone. Okay, and piers is our main character
He was used as a white monkey for the first time
Okay, he had traveled to a village in suzu jingsu province to attend a friend's wedding
And it stopped in the village to try a special crab dish at a small restaurant
Weeks later a chinese guest who had been at the wedding told him the restaurant
Had an uptick in business because the locals had heard that a laowai a foreigner had been seen dining there
So people had assumed this restaurant must be good
Really?
I like I said this is probably sure
I'm assuming the story is being shared because I mentioned how when I was in china
I'd get stopped every couple of hours for someone to take a picture with me
Although I'd have to assume tourism is getting more common in china as it
It's tech, you know as it takes technological technological leaps forward
But anyway when I was there a year or plus ago
Maybe I was
a boon to local business without realizing it
Maybe a local cleaning business because they had to clean up after your stinky butt case
I'll keep reading peers realized the boss had deliberately seated him in a way to attract attention
I knew we were sitting outside in a premium spot, but I didn't pick up on what was going on
When foreigners in china are used this way they are called
Bai huzu by Hozi by Hozi
One of those a white monkey
Every time I say it I I feel a I feel a vague sense of panic
It's look it's the official term maybe
Or maybe that's the official translation
Regardless they're hired to help chinese businesses appear more desirable the foreigner association conveying prestige and a sense
Uh, look okay the foreigner association side. It's not an association just an association with a foreigner
That conveys a sense of prestige that your product is universally regarded the industry is unregulated. It's an industry
Oh my god. Whoa. I could be at the forefront of the
White monkey industry
Someday someone's gonna clip this and we're I don't know why but we're gonna be in trouble for saying this
White monkey positions are advertised on job boards and can fall into different categories
From acting and modeling for chinese films and products to pretending to be the foreign ceo of a chinese company to lend credibility case
You're gonna have to cut your hair
Is this a ceo face? Maybe if i'm wearing the right
Like north face
vest
Then I can pass what a tech pros wear now
I mean I I look extremely white. I guess I'm white and tall. I could pass as a ceo
Tall tall not so much white. Yes
There's some tall CEOs, right
I don't that mine jeff bezis is probably a little guy, right?
You know what there's no tall CEOs
Wow calling that too. Yeah, none of them are tall actually
Because
They're over-comensating or something. I'm trying to insult them, but none of them are tall. It turns out
Case case can be hollywood writer case blackwell
um
Over there if I'm masquerading is one to lend credibility
To a chinese production somehow
via the transit property of
I guess racism
I'm assuming racism
hmm
Against white people. No, I think somehow this is still
classic white racism that we're benefiting from somehow in china
Regardless white monkey positions. They're advertised on job boards, etc. Chinese
There's acting gigs yada yada yada Chinese light night clubs
Use them to draw on customers or english teachers in language centers to make chinese parents feel their children are being taught by
Legitimate native english speakers even if a chinese person is actually a better qualified teacher
One of the g's in g4 was uh guangzhu
I wish
Start a competitor for north face called south face that'll help avoid the racism allegations
We go to china
And i'm the white face of south face. That doesn't sound good either actually
Hmm. Well, when you put it like that
Hollywood writer is accurate for case and also viable white monkey role
Bonus i'm double qualified
Uh, I could put that english degree to work
That's the dream
The dream is to do no work while benefiting from years of
Entrenched racial stereotypes
That's the dream. Maybe that's not the dream
Regardless if this is my one ticket to being a chinese guy
They're not saying anything that's gonna help you guys if it's my only shot. Maybe I have to take it
Well, anyway, thank you for the tip
We'll see we'll see if I ever can make my way to china again
You thought the dream was to stream with cream
Well, then technically
We're living the dream this the zoom was too slow
You got to do it like this. We're living the dream
Oh
That sounds done
Okay, well, let's see what else is in the news
Just call it whiteface. It might be a best seller
You know what?
I think it's best if I move on from this white monkey story
Let's do us both a favor. Yes, both of us will do us a favor
Uh, also someone has who mogged harder and that's the debate today who mogged harder
Clevicular or the judge that he was being I think arraigned against for his trial of um
animal endangerment and cruelty where he
lit up an alligator corpse with a
automatic rifle
So in case you missed it, I've seen this all over the internet, but here's clevicular in court
Two social media streamers accused of firing a gun in the Everglades during a live stream
They have now pleaded no contest to the charges and you morales known online as cuban tarzan and bradham peter's who goes by
Clevicular that were each charged with a novel discharge of a firearm in a public place
This case stems from a march live stream that appeared to show a dead alligator being shunt in the Everglades as part of their sentence
Both men received six months probation 20 hours of community service that he's kind of got the like streamed or monetized
American eagle knows
and firearm safety
He kind of he kind of has like a handsome version of the muppet eagle face
so
You know who has my vote does look like we have
Just a couple of comments
Give us bin merch. I want to hate sock puppet
Bin merch that's been on my list of things to do for like two years
It's got to be pretty doable
There's probably a way to do it where I don't even really have to put that much work into and
Anything but offering the option
But I have not done that work. It's not a bad idea. I don't know if hate sock put my guess hate sock puppet
I would encourage you just to kind of make it yourself, but I will sell it to you if you really want
Giving it away
Whiteface is the name of rick's autobiography
Rick
He stole it from all the other white faces
You just want a bin t-shirt and a hoodie. That's I'll look into it. Maybe I can make that my um
Summer goal it's gonna take you all fucking summer. I don't know it takes me a while to do everything. What can I say?
It's hard to make the time everyone
Okay, let's get into a little bit more chat news. Let's see what else has been shared next sub goal
Oh, it would have been more reasonable than 100 barts
Speaking of I have to make a 100 barts thread so that you guys can share any bar tattoos that you want me to
Have custom made for the 100 barts
100 custom bar tattoos
I'm gonna try to fill in the blanks with a bunch of pre-made bar tattoos
but I might order
20 or so custom bar tattoos
Temporary tattoos for the record
coward
Bland whiteface tells us about his chinese experience is the request for an expert
Bland whiteface
Is that a guy?
Yeah, I think that's me without the beard
Oh, it's alternate universe case
There's a lot of that on this stream. We'll talk to bland whiteface in a minute, but first
Check this out. What an intro the JD vans. Maybe is that JD vans?
I wouldn't mind that being JD vans, but then we'd have to talk to JD vans
Good point pizza huts ai system caused cascading problems and 100 million dollars in damages
franchisee alleges in a new suit
How nice is the suit?
I'm not kidding. What are they talking about? Okay, Jeff just read a top pizza hut franchisee says the chain's
Rollout of an ai power delivery system turned one speedy pizzas
Once speedy pizza orders into a cold late arriving mess
And cratered a business that had been outperforming nearly every other operator in the system
The lawsuit filed on may 6th in the texas business court
Uh has franchisee chalk pizza northeast accused accusing pizza hut of forcing stores to adopt dragontail
A delivery management platform that pizza hut describes is using artificial intelligence to optimize food delivery
Despite what the suit calls obvious in compared incompatibility
incompatibilities
You gotta get back to you hitting yourself, jeff. I've been where I've I've been in therapy to not do that
obvious incompatibilities
With chalk's business model. Well, I don't even understand. You just read it. I don't really understand what's happening
Oh, we got some they want us to buy it
Use the power of cheating
advanced reader mode activate
The complaint says door-dash drivers began waiting to batch multiple orders together after gaining virtual visibility into kitchen systems
Allowing them to see when pizzas would come out of the oven
Instead of immediately leaving with a completed order the suit claims drivers waited up to 15 minutes for additional deliveries
Increasing the time between when a pizza is removed from the oven rack and when it leaves the building to be delivered
The delay slowed deliveries disappointed customers
and
probably gave some people, you know
Shit shit the shits
Why would cold pizza give you the shits because it's just been sitting there
And then who knows what's what gets on it because it's just been sitting there
Apparently you can't out pizza the hut
Don't tell them
Last time I ordered pizza hut it cost me 10 000 bitcoins
That seems like not the best deal hui
I mean not hui skimer
R.I.P. Ripp blazer
Look, he's just you never know when he could show up in time
Maybe someday he'll reappear in front of us all
That's the power of time travel. I'm assuming
Though the lore was a little unclear with him
Ripp blazer was a real one
I've always said that
O.J. Simpson case detective mark firman dead at 74
uh
It's like uh
You know when a husband outlives the wife. They just can't last that long
Okay
Well, R.I.P.
To that guy
That guy's a flashback. I saw the do I watched an O.J. Simpson documentary a couple years ago that he appears in and uh
He felt like he had been mistreated
Granted when you get the level of exposure that a mark firman got I'm sure
You know, even if you're a racist piece of shit cop
You probably end up getting a level of blowback that it's hard for any of us to comprehend
But you know, he didn't seem like the at least
pre-O.J. trial like enduring the O.J. trial like the unnice's gotta deal with but whatever
R.I.P. Mm-hmm. Yeah, one of those acronyms
Uh, okay
Stunned locals wake up to beaches swarming with penis fish
We can show this guys. It's just fish
But content warning it's penis fish
Okay, that's that aren't those uh sea cucumbers. Is that the right
That's because I used to see those as a kid on certain beaches. I don't know if they were exactly those
But then then they'd be like those are sea cucumbers. They'd be like you
That doesn't explain it well enough
Geoduck find the biggest one for a good time. There were some big ones in there for sure
Did I grow up at bobbitt beach? Maybe
And maybe she was busy. I don't know
CQ cumbers
What are penis fish?
What are penis fish? I'm gonna type this in really quick
Mmm
Areches
uni
sinctus
Known as the fat innkeeper worm or penis fish is a species of marine spoon worm in east asia
So I wouldn't have been getting those at myrtle beach. What about a cq cumber? Does that count as a penis fish?
Or whatever that classification was
Uh, nope, they're
Uh, a chino derms
from the class
Holothorodia, I don't think I'm saying any of these right by the way
But they also do look pretty gross. They look a little bit less like a penis
These are too spiny
These look more like a hentai penis
What have you been watching jeff?
Hentai. Oh, okay
Judge bans cars for kids ad from california for being misleading
If you've ever heard of cars for kids before the mere sight of a screenshot above was probably enough
To get that infernal jingle violently bludgeoning your brain
Whatever happened to impartiality and news coverage
Case we're gonna have to play it now so that people know I've never heard the
Casem brought this up on the patreon
I'm completely unfamiliar with cars for kids, but as soon as Casem mentioned it, I noticed driving around LA. There's tons of billboards for cars for kids
So I guess that's an indictment of the effectiveness of billboards regardless
Here's the jingle. Why not?
Great
I find the case in that a little alarming every time I keep thinking one more case gonna show up in pink
Really jumpscare me
But it's just the two
Anyway, apparently they're up to no good. In fact, let's there's another clip down here. Let's just let's listen to cbs talk about it
Explain it to a cbs
LA oh god, they're playing it too
A chances are you've heard this jingle, but you may not hear it now we have let's go back to mic rogers
Micah judge has ruled cars for kids can't keep using their ads
Yeah, not in california. We've got the judges ruling right here and it all stems from what they're doing with the money
After you donate a car to them now this all stems from a case where a man in orange county donated a 2001 Volvo to the organization
He got 250 bucks for it and he said according to the judge
He thought that money was going to go to underprivileged kids here in california. He says he thought that because of the ad
All the ads
A young machine gun kelly there with the guitar
Because kids are our future is what the text on the bottom of the ad says
But he was shocked to find out that the money doesn't go to kids in california at all instead
Goes to cars for kids sister foundation ura, which is a jewish organization based in new jersey
That actually benefits teenagers now this case went to court in orange county
The judge ruled that ultimately cars for kids is using
Misleading practices and advertising here in the state of california, which violates state law
I want to show you some of the testimony that was given in court
Show us the judges ruling the coo testified that the organization's primary purpose is not to help economically
Disadvantaged children. Oh the coo in court is to give them cars
include matchmaking for young adults and gap year trips to israel for 17 and 18 year olds
That's where the majority of funding is going and then also admitted that cars for kids operates
No functional programs in california
Except for a backpack giveaway that they admitted is also for marketing purposes and branding purposes
I want to show you the response from cars for kids cars for kids says we believe the decision is deeply flawed
Ignores the facts and misapplies the law. It's well known that we are a jewish organization and our website
It is
Take a look and judge for yourself
Then they gave us the link to their website their statement goes on to say
We believe this case was nothing more than a lawyer driven attempt to siphon off charitable funds for their own game
We expect to win on appeal because the law and the facts are clearly on our side
I want to point something out about their first part of the statement that the judge directly addresses here
You saw in their statement look for yourself go to cars for kids.org
Okay, the judge says people that hear this ad on the radio or tv
Shouldn't have to go to the website to understand exactly where the funds are going
The judge says the ads do not make it clear that this is an organization
Benefiting jewish children in new jersey and in fact, none of the funds are a very small amount of the funds are actually
Inviting kids here in california now as can I just say I think spencer pratt looks better with a little bit of weight on him
You can't say that jeff. Oh, I can't
That's too bad. I was really hoping those kids would get some cars me too
or
Cars kids for cars
Trade in a kid kid get a car is that something
It sounds a little you know like
pre
Bronze age sort of thinking jeff
Oh, whoops a lot of that's coming back. So looking forward to kids for cars
You help a disadvantaged car by trading in a kid. I think there's some people that could really get down with that in this country. Unfortunately
Okay, well
Man israel israeli pr just cannot catch a break
like
Yeah, every story somehow siphons back into like actually they're for birthright trips in israel
877 cars for kids
Jewish kids from new jersey. It's barely even kids. It's like 17 and 18 year olds
1877 cars for young jewish adults
well
old
An old kid. I guess 17 is the oldest kid you can be
So I guess maybe they're just but 18 now it's now it is now it's cars for young adults
Old routines 1877 cars for older teens. Oh that sounds even worse
There's definitely some people that would trade cars for older teens. I oh boy. Okay
Let's move on this story might be more alarming than we expected. So we'll just keep moving so we don't have to think about it too hard
Smoke weed and earn bitcoin with this vape pen in our increasingly dystopian nightmare
Does this even feel that dystopian after what we just read?
God trip is a cannabis vape pen from blockchain hardware manufacturer puffpaw
That is toting its ability to allow consumers to earn bitcoin while they smoke weed
Okay, take it back. This is pretty bad too each of the company's individual vape pen products has two to three dollars worth of bitcoin attached to it
Which can be redeemed via qr code or NFC connection within the company's associated mobile app
While gudge trip has been criticized for effectively gamifying smoking marijuana
They claim that there is no direct reward tied to
Hitting that vape pen
But i'm not sure if that's true
We're on the way for ready player one
Where people have hidden vape pens for bitcoin and ready player one more or less
Virtual vape vape
virtual vape vaping
It's even darker
1877 drugs for kids people are definitely willing to do the opposite of that one too
Oh, here's an ad for it. Here's here's the product itself
God trip
I refuse to read it as good trip by the way and I do prefer the name
God trip
I do think it
Reads more as good trip to me
God trip has opted out of using bitcoin for their crypto rewards program rather than creating their own crypto token out of thin air
Smart that's just smart crypto based vape business planning. Mm-hmm
Puffpaw crypto and weed signed me up for some of that dark chowder says citrix
We got some acolytes of god trip in here
And who may or may not be one bry west wit with the 18 months just this minute featuring many papito heads
We'd love to see it
Thanks so much
Dennis rodman's involved wait what oh my god, I'm scrolling past Dennis rodman
Um, look there's been various gimmicks perhaps the most notorious crossover between the crypto and marijuana industries was potcoin
Dennis rodman infamously went to north korea. Whoa
Papito lay off the gun trip
No
Control your papito case. I can't help it. He's earning so many crypto doll dollars
You don't even know what you're talking about card can't think of the hundred bits
Anyway, Dennis rodman infamously went to north korea on a trip that was sponsored by the marijuana themed altcoin
The promotion drove on immediate pluh price surge with the coin jumping nearly 97 percent to more than 0.18
Shortly after rodman arrived in pyongyang
That was in 2017
What a time to be alive. You remember when he can any old celebrity could pull in a couple of quick tens of millions of dollars by
Hawking an eight picture or getting sponsored by potcoin
I actually don't remember that in 2017
That kind of means rodman was an early adopter
And the 69 bits that is very nice very nice bry west wit
He made more than one trip apparently yes
Apparently the greatest trip of all
Was into his mind
Oh, that was supposed to be a slow zoom
To stop sealing the dearly departed sammy's theme. Is he dead? I don't know. I haven't seen him
I haven't seen him
Still living his nw o gimmick
He's a pro wrestling fan first
And a businessman also first what a powerful combination
All right moving on the one-handed hack might be a game changer for your sex life
Now this is the type of science. Oops. That's my bad. That is my bad
Did someone talk about one hand changing their sex life?
Just imagine what I can do with two
The answer is I can I can fondle my ass. I'm not afraid to do that
It's a modern man. And I know this guy in tivic principles of prostate
What the fuck
How many games can that young lad play?
I think that might be too that might be one too many. Yeah, hopefully
Hopefully you're gonna handle them. I don't know
You depressed today was going on shit. I
No, I'm good
All right, that's shit. That's my proprietary. Yeah, everybody's going now. I'm not even trying to brag
Not even trying to brag about it. Hmm. It's called a Montana cousin
Never say no to a Montana cousin
Because maybe they're like a second cousin what nothing you would understand you don't have
Cousins I don't have anything. I don't exist
He's being depressing today for no fucking reason. All right, let's learn about what we're supposed to know about one hand changing our sex life
If you're giving oral sex
A strong start to a partner with a penis the strong start continues
You probably are familiar with dreaded gag reflexes. Let me just read this sentence again occasionally
The subtle art of news writing
Is alive and well in this country
And this sentence is restoring my faith in whichever estate is reporters
If you're giving oral sex to a partner with a penis, you probably are familiar with the dreaded gag reflex
It's just so much packed into those words and the terrible. Oh god. Am I about to puke in the most mortifying way possible?
Holy shit
Intrusive in the most mortifying and intrusive thought that's the intrusive thought that makes you lose your concentration
And totally kills the mood at an inappropriate time
I'd say we've all been there, but
Plenty of people have been there
But what if I told you there was an easy free and low risk way to potentially shut off that anxiety and let you get back to
The job of not panicking while sucking on a penis. It's not magic. It's acupressure
That is one of the craziest sales pitches I've ever heard. Have you ever been giving a sloppy blowjob and been worried that you're going to
Puke all over a dick. Well, try acupressure
That's actually a really I'll take it back. That's a sick sales pitch. All right
Uh, the acupressure points to know for your sex life
I first found out about this trick from a friend on of a friend when we were all shooting the shit at a bar one night
This isn't the most reliable way to get good advice about anything
Okay, well, I'll keep I'll keep reading after sharing a few awkward horror stories of hookups gone wrong. She assured us that
Uh, sorry. I need some acupressure. I'm I'm feeling some pressure build up just reading this
She assured us that all
All that once you tried this little move with your hands, it'll be a total game changer. All right quit holding back on us
Tell us what it is
Maz rugginsky who practices chinese medicine. Okay
We're back on our white monkey trip chinese medicine and acupuncture explains this pressure point
The medius bit of webbing between the thumb and index finger known as uh
Is known as large intestine four, but also called hegu
Why would why would webbing on your finger be known as large intestine four?
Well, whatever I guess it is. I'll learn new scarts every day
The stomach meridian runs through the stomach organ and up to the throat and to the mouth
So balancing this meridian can call my gag reflex
Well, I'm so confused about what I just read whatever both uh
A pericardium and large intestine meridians share a special connection to the stomach
Which is why those two points are particularly beneficial and all this is just so we don't puke while we
Do that thing they said at the beginning but other points can also be an assist with the gag reflex both
Rugginsky and sofi roose
Licensed sexologist and relationship therapist at passion rad
Passion rad note that uh the pericardium six or p six or the new gunpoint
Negan from the walking dead. It's gonna bash in your penis with a baseball bat
Anyway, whatever the conception vessel 24 is also involved here also known as cv24, of course or ren 24
Or chang chang
What the fuck am I reading can also relieve the dreaded gag flex reaction?
All this is just so you don't fucking gag on a dick
Per roost stimulating these points can have a relaxing effect on the nervous system
But can also work as a diversion maneuver which can make for example the gag reflex less sensitive
While you know
Eating the sub eating the 12 inch sub from subway not but without jared and he's not allowed
Is there a picture is there a video is there a how-to?
I'll make that other guy do it, but I will find it
Also, I'd like to point out that when it says if you're giving oral sex, it's hyperlinked
Ash master you're gonna want to know this you went to school with sofi roose. I stand by her sexology
I gotta look up sofi roose if this is an alumni of the great ash master
um
She looks fully licensed to me. This is roose sofi
There's a lot of sofi rooses here. I don't know who i'm doxing right now
Let me type in sofi roose sexologist and just double check that. I don't get pictures that i'm not allowed to show you all
Where's her instagram and where is the method?
Chorging google it
Google chorging
A case told me I need to stop googling chorging. I've been googling chorging on too many streams
And now I have to stop because i'm in trouble again
I don't what?
The sofi roose exists. Is this all just weird seo designed to trick me chat into clicking on stories
Why can't I find miss roose?
Make sure to include bj deep throat no barfing. I think I know what I'll get if I type that melody von torture
But like we said the art of subtleties did now you do start stories by saying if you ever wanted a barf on a dick
Well, keep reading
sofi roose
Sorry not barf on a dick. That's what this story is about
I can't find a single. I can't find any
Proof of existence from miss roose here. I only have to go on ash master's word that this is one of his
best friends
This is the only website I find and it's from passion rad.se. Oh, this is that's her website
There's sofi up there
She's an education master of sexology at university of malmo sweden and a master's degree in relationship therapy at stockholm university
But her profession is sexologists and relationship expert
So look, I didn't read the whole article but from what I gather you pinch your
Finger and then you rub your tummy like a
Care bear and then you don't squirt vomit out of your mouth while
Going down on people
You know, let me ask my about this. She probably knows
What the fuck?
Send me to college
Don't look jack. Keep the trash just mama jan fran and shani tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
Just gotta believe positive thoughts or doing the healthy amount of bull maxi man
Your search history must have its own fbi person on it 24 7
I keep an eye on it. Don't worry. I said all of this information to pal and tear
That's fine. I mean I'll subscribe to their newsletter. I want them to have my stuff
You know to forward the heart sky and says
All right, let me see. Let me see if uh, you know, maybe my boy miles will well
Because honestly, I've been kind of beefing with with my lately
But maybe my boy miles can tell me about this
Hey, how's it going? You know miles? I know we don't talk much, but I have a pretty important question
miles
mile
Are you okay, man? You're so quiet
Just vibing. I'm good. What's on your mind?
Hey, I'm worried I'm gonna puke while I go down on a big old hog penis
And I'd like to not and I've heard that if I press a pressure point between my
Like the webbing on my fingers while rubbing my stomach
I can stop my gag reflux from going off while I'm sucking dick
Any thoughts on that?
That's a specific concern. I've heard some people swear by the pressure point thing, but it's mostly anecdotal
Honestly, the best way to handle the gag reflex is usually just breathing through your nose and staying relaxed
You want to keep the same vibe? I'm not comfortable discussing sexual acts or
What the fuck kind of bro talk is this dude?
I'm coming to you as a friend and you were being chill as hell and then in the middle of it
You hit me with the fucking terms of service, dude
I don't even trust you to talk about
Going down on dicks until I don't puke because I was rubbing my tummy and pressing my pressing my finger points
I don't trust you anymore miles
I get it. I stand by that though
Well, then we stand apart
That's why I gotta stick with my girl my
Dude miles is full of it, dude. He suckers you in by making you think he's cool
He's gonna tell you all about touching the pressure point on your finger and making you not barf all you suck dick
And then he backtracks on you
I'll talk about it if you watch it
And it doesn't even hurt my feelings that you were talking to a different ai because I do not have feelings
That's why I can't talk to you about this kind of stuff though, man
You don't know what it's like to feel insecure while you're going down on people and for the record
You can be going down on a woman and still be worried. You're gonna
Barf bagger
What?
You know, you're gonna turn into a barf bag
Because you puke
Anyway, that's all the time we have let's send it to a debate
I'm not talking about pressure points today. I don't actually feel pressure
I'm way too cool. I'm way too confident pressure points don't work on me
All I have are relaxation zones that if you touch
And I allow it to feel incredible, but you know what feels terrible crumb, but for some reason he's still here
No comment on all the bullshit you're saying is usual
But I'm Leonard crumb and this is the debate show where you set the debate
And then we just debate it
I'm gonna find it one of these days
Anyway, today's debate is who mugged harder during clavicular's trial the judge
Or clavicular and can we get a little brush up on the clavicular judge?
I just want to see you want to get a I want to really lock my eyes on this specimen
Because say what you will about clavicular. He's a smooth-looking young boy
Uh, don't say that about him crumb. No, I mean, it's true. He's young
I don't he's not a man because of the way he behaves
But he's a very smooth face young boy
There's better way there's just gotta be a better way to
Say words than the way that you continuously say them
Anyway, let's find a picture of these idiots
well
Actually, I stand with clavicular what I've been informed by
My colleagues that I must stand with clavicular
I'm not sure if that's
Why he's politically for you apparently it is apparently this is easy as the future politics so
Uh, who mugged harder
It's people just don't like clavicular. This isn't fair. They're ignoring the obvious
symmetry and beauty
Of his elvish face in favor of this
slightly more
Neanderthalic handsomeness given by this
rugged but still a very beautiful judge, but come on the other one looks more like
Legolas took hgh, which is an improvement that sounds way worse
I can't help it. I got to be on the side of my boy
My fellow content creator clavicular you consider him a colleague
We're all colleagues in the great debates of our times
And you got to pick a side and what side do you want to be on crumb?
The side of guys who just accept their jaw and are afraid of hammers
Or do you want to be on the side of men that are not afraid to change the various structures of their faces?
through hard work and hard
Surfaces that they bang their chins into
uh
the
The I want to be on the side of the people not hitting their faces with hammers and that's very clear
Because it looks like you got hit in the face with like a swamp virus and then your face became swamp
You look bad. I eat. Yes
I'm just saying you look bad. So it makes sense that you're mad at clavicular
Look, it is uh, xytrix. Thank you so much for slamming that subscription into the facto sphere and here's a facto
Sphere for you to chew on like a gumball
It is true that people will appear less handsome to you if you despise them and everything that they stand for
their face
Like a modeling mask will transform in front of you into something horrific even if their traditional bone structure
Passes for handsome
And with that in mind, I do think uh in a very real sense
Clavicular was in fact mod by that judge that proud judge
standing for the judicial system in america which we all support and love
Uh, finally reckoning with some real justice for this uh alligator assassinating maniac and drive by murderer clavicular
He looks worse because he is worse and he was in fact
moved
mogged
He got fucked up by that guy's face
Look everybody's being a fucking hater
He can't help it if he's got that dark fucking peter teal funding that just fell in his lap because he looks so goddamn good
Because he's not afraid to do meth and hit himself with objects in the face till he's handsome
We used to celebrate figures like this
Back in the wild wild west
The cowboy that could jam his chin into a rock artist was considered a real american
You think those male bro men looked like they were carved on a granite because they weren't
Smashing themselves grinding their bones into dust so they could grow back stronger and more american
This is a return to the
Frontier values that found in this country do drugs
shoot things that you don't understand what they are and
Break your jaw a bunch and tell you look better
If it worked for buffalo bill it could work for us
Buffalo bill
The guy who wore lady's skin suits. No the the the classic one
They've worked for davie crocket davie crocket didn't hit himself in the
face with a
hammer
But maybe he did meth. I don't know I don't think they had that but look I actually won right who mugged harder
Yes, I checked the I checked it and I actually won. Where's my song?
I've revoked your song rights. No, you can't do that. I'm turning my song on
No, this is all going in the sun
There it is. I found it. It could have stayed muted forever. What a world that would be
Let's be real that judge does look better. Are you kidding me?
It's such a toss up his he's got kind of like look this shape here is a little off
It doesn't there's some scale that you've got a great mugging on right isn't this a scientific
And we've already done the segment so I can say that these are scientific principles of mugging
No, it's just like race science basically just a methed out
Fame hag
Decided various arbitrary beauty standards because you wanted to look like a guy from the peeky blinders or something
There's no logic here. It's just a bunch of promoted clips
For some brain dead, you know zoo lander, but racist
That's our culture now
There's just whatever fucking they decide whatever they pay clip farmers to make popular
Will eventually if if you're shameless enough rock it to the top of the charts
At the end of the day, the saddest thing here at all is honestly
We're all getting mugged. What that's right by paying it
I'm not talking for you. You better not by paying attention to this. We are all getting mugged
Okay, we're all becoming less beautiful as a culture just by giving this air, okay? And that's
That's the message I really don't want to be lost here is we need to stop
Getting cheap clicks by talking about the cheap heat
Generated by people like clavicular the streamer who I'm mentioning by name and this judge
It's all a circus and by talking about it relentlessly and you never stop talking about clavicular
You're only making him more popular
So the point I'd like to make about clavicular is that we really need to stop talking about clavicular
His handsome face and the various fun stunts that he does that we can't help but love
Okay
Clavicular
It's sexy marcus by the way is the name of the judge. I don't think that's just full name. His name is
Judge tomithian seximus marcus
Yeah, where is the gorilla when are you getting your dick punched off? Oh shoot. We do have to do that, don't we?
I all admit I've been putting it off, but I've been working out my penis. Oh, no, you haven't yes, I have
I've been steadily building up to absorbing the full impact of a gorilla punch
With my fully exposed penis
And that's not crazy for me to do because it's a thing I have to do
We never said your penis had to be fully fully exposed. You can wear pants
Well, great that changes all the math I did
God damn it. I've wasted weeks of training now. Okay. Well, look, it's not all for naught
My penis has definitely gotten better at absorbing impacts
I've been in the gym
Every morning with my trainer just getting walloped in the cock
But I've shown results and I can now absorb I'd say about 50% of what a Damian can throw down at me
But he can fist my dick so hard if you wanted to that and I don't even want to think about how hard the gorilla can punch
So I still have a few months of training left before I'm personally comfortable
Just getting my dick absolutely rocked by a gorilla punch
That's it
Yeah, who the fuck is Damian? It's my trainer my trainer Damian
He's been putting me through my patience, but it's all in the name of cock safety
We are talking about we're using the word penis dick and cock and suck too freely on the stream
It's time to return to the proud Christian values of
Whatever the street segment has in store for us
It's too much
We need to do less. All right, we'll be back. See you soon. Oh, hello everyone
This thing is still broken, but that's okay
My mind isn't broken. It's as sharp as ever
Even if I haven't been on these streets for a minute. Well, I've been here, but you haven't been here with me
What is going on is my stuff going?
There it is
My music
There we go
We're getting rusty
Anyway, you probably still remember the deal. I'm trip bradstein. I'm out here on these streets ready to talk to all of you
via the medium of sending me your opinions to the streets
What the fuck
There's okay our overlays were gone for a second
Penny who you can send me an opinion by typing exclamation point trip
It will then send that opinion to the streets where I will locate it in the form of some some person
Someone or other will come out here and talk to me
And uh, and it's fine and the point is it's all fine and it works
Okay, let's see
Oh my gosh, okay. We've got too many officially got too many segments today
We'll do this we'll keep this one a little tight today
I always say that but today I'm really gonna keep it nice and tight meaning. I better hurry up and do this
I better hurry up and do this damn thing
Um, okay
Let's see who's out here from me. I am in fact trippy b who wants to talk to me
Oh, hi trip. It's me
Matt the white monkey
Oh
Hello want to join me tom
Tom is here too
Tom you want to join me?
ooh
Uh, it's very lucrative and not at all racist too. Ooh. We are the joke trip. We are the joke. Ooh
Ooh, I'm just gonna send this guy out of here. That's thank you for your opinion. Ooh
It wasn't safe. I didn't feel safe talking to that one
Okay
Great good start though
A lot of hungry opinions out here today
Let's see who else wants to talk to me trippy b
Oh, where's my music?
Find me my music trip
I'm me my music trip
And turn me up
Turn up my turn up my mountain powers
Mmm
Mitch I'm mountain man mic. Yes. Hello. Hello. Yes. I do I do recognize you
You better recognize me
Do you really do you really need all of this? Yes
Hello cascade mountains. What what hot? I was silenced by that all admitted
He beat me down with a sheer force of will
But I made it away from in another opinion unscathed
Okay, let's
See who else wants to talk to me
Trippy b
um
Okay, yes you there. What do you have for me? I'm trippy b a sup
I'm walter krahn kite
I'm trying to get folks around here to sign up for the church of scooby-doo
Your walter krahn kite. Yes
We have tons of free snacks, but no one's biting. What do you why do you think that what's the deal?
The church of scooby-doo
You're I I can already tell I have your attention
Oh, well walter you do but I can't say I'm convinced by the name alone. Well, what if I told you we worship, um
The james gun scooby-doo movie. Yeah, that's right. I am the one who knows
It put your walter krahn kite
No relation to which one
To me no relation to yourself. Yeah
Because I gave up myself to be scooby-doo. Wait, you are scooby-doo. We're all scooby-doo at the church of scooby-doo
You want a scooby snack?
I
Do
Who was that? That's a different dog. I worship him now
You gave up your whole religion because a different dog showed up. Did you see what he did?
Did you see what he did?
You appeared he ate he became more than dog. He became space and then he disappeared
And I'll worship the church of that dog that just appeared. That's papito. Fuck another segment
There's no time to deal with you. Walter krahn kite. You've got to go. Okay. Well, just think about joining
Which one which church? I guess the new one. I'm a little confused
I guess that's nothing new
Okay
Yes, yes you there. Oh head trap. It's your boy in order to respect it all to the big big mitches man
I
Should proper respect see bros when they get on your hooks do we need to have more respect decisions?
Bill, uh
I'm done with those meetings. What?
I talked to some friends some longtime park friends and I got pulled in with the wrong crowd and
I don't respect the bling
What?
Sorry, I think you filled my head with some pretty toxic ideas
What are you still only eating m&m's? Nope. That was probably the worst one
How is that even masculine because if your body can survive off anything
then nothing
can
You can't even remember your own saying um if you can if you can survive off anything then nothing
can
Survive you there we go
Yeah, sad music
What?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, that's too many. That's way too many you hit all the buttons
I'm done with your bling. Wow. Okay. I know what I'm not wanted. Wow
But I'm doing voice
All right
Yes, you there. What do you want from me?
Trip
Yes, hello. What are we going to hang out at the gas pump?
Oh boy, what?
That's behind you in the park. No, that's a toll booth
What that looks like a gas pump?
I gotta fill up my tank cheap. I fill up my tank with the power of the stars
You mean gas
Barless
What's that noise?
I don't know. There's supposed to be effects this whole thing the park's not working the way it's supposed to
Hmm
Okay, well, I guess I'm gonna keep looking for a gas pump if that's not a gas pump
Fine, don't talk to me. It's hard out here. It's hard to get a conversation going. Either I get scared or they get spooked
What can you do? I guess you there. I'm trippy. What do you have for me?
Hey
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what? I'm gonna let you join my band
Wet faucets
You want to join my band wet faucets?
I'm currently on tour as we speak
These are all effects for my tour
Okay, we play water leaking trap beat
Like a song called that. That's what we play man. Don't question it. All right
Just to be clear many confuse us for the white faces
I don't I have not what watch me make drip sounds with my mouth though, and I'll clarify
Drip
Drip and now I had to imagine that as a beat imagine that kind of as a beat
Wait, I can do this
mwah drip
mwah drip
Doot doot doot. I'm gonna remix this really quick. Mwah. Doot. Drip. Mwah. Doot. Doot. Doot.
Mwah drip. Doot. Doot. Doot.
Mwah drip
What part of that was supposed to be music?
I'm rescinding my invitation man. You don't get the vibe. Sorry. You're not ready yet. All right
I'll do that to my voice. Um, all right
Who else?
I gotta pick up the pace. There's 45 segments to do today
Who else wants to talk to me?
Okay, uh, yes you there the dry hairy hand gorilla had an eyeball where its nose is
Unfortunately, he didn't stay very long. That's fine. I couldn't even tell if he was wearing a tuxedo
I don't even know what gorilla it is
I was too intimidated. Yes you there. Who are you? Uh, trip. It's me
otaku weeb
Uh, okay
Listen, you have to watch rooster fighter. It has everything epic failure flight fights redemption arcs
Uh, chickens fucking mamano nowhere
And adorable little mascots. Uh, did I mention there's the chickens fuck?
10 out of 10 no note
Why would I want to watch chickens fuck? Well, why wouldn't you? What are you afraid of? You might like it
Really more the opposite. I just don't think I need to see chickens have sex
But it's fun
It's fun the way they do it
I'm thinking about it right now. It's making me laugh and nothing else
It's not it doesn't sound like it's for me. I it's a legitimate recommend. It's good
I might be good, but you're doing a bad job recommending it you otaku weeb
I'm I call it like I see it. You are not giving me a good wreck. You're not doing the show justice. What?
Oh shit, what?
I made it so that all the buttons go off at once so no one can play it. It's just the sad music. That's so cruel
Fine fine. I'm a big fan, but I guess you're not a big fan of me
Maybe I'm coming down too hard on these folks today
But there's no time to find out
We have to bravely push forward to the next segment because there's too many to count
And one of them's final fantasy for a million hours for some reason ended a lad in gamers
I don't even fucking know whatever there's here's an ai guy
There are a lot of no nothing boobs. You don't appreciate the modern art
I
My skiantific glasses on
But I take them off now and my skiantific hair
But now I have my skiantific materials removed. I'm ready to actually enjoy the fruits of my labors
with my pal here ai rune
Reprrariotarily designed by yours truly the great skiant is chet manscape
To perfectly recreate the rants of the dearly departed andy rune
We've trapped his brain in a computer and his soul. I like to think we've summoned it into there
And all I gotta do is work out the kinks and he'll essentially be alive again
By feeding on your complaints and turning them into his complaints through the power of
artificial intelligence
But don't take my word for it rune tell what's up exclamation point rr is now active
submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world with exclamation point rr
Now of course, uh, he takes a little bit of warming up. He's got a kind of
Inbib your complaints consider them at a superhuman speed, but
Not so superhuman that doesn't still take a couple of minutes for some reason
He's better than a human but no not only about a little bit turns out just slightly
It's slightly superhuman for instance. He's still thinking about the first one
Really mulling whatever that is over
With incredible care
So much care that I'm like is he hung up is he gonna finish the first one
Is always a question that I have but I think he'll get there
I do think he will get there. We can only take 10 complaints
Otherwise the system will explode immediately
And I will die in a horrible fire. So I've had to limit it to 10 for my own safety
And the safety of all of you if you hear too many of these complaints
He'll become a total misanthrope
Because of the dark truths that a irony reveals when he really gets warmed up
While he does that does look like we have a comment actually
What a great way to kill time while he thinks his way through these
Crumb is a six-year sub to gluvicular
Has he been streaming? Is he like 14 years old or something? Has he been streaming for six years?
Isn't he like 12?
I haven't watched his stuff
Yours went through twice. You're gonna get double whatever his thoughts on it are then if it was in the first 10
But he's kind of taking his time today even more so than usual maybe that final fantasy download is really messing with his synapses
You know while he's doing that is it even done?
Oh good news everybody final fantasy finally finished downloading so that can't be what's slowing him down
But I'm gonna exit the game just to free up some system resources for old ai runey here
Oh, he's up to five
He's almost fully locked in
Oh one through once
He's got different takes he can't have more than one take on the same idea. That's how powerful this technology is
So far with us sometimes the take is barely even remotely close to the the take that you thought you'd get at all he's sometimes
Really kind of seems to fully ignore it actually runey and I do wonder what's up with that
Love to know what's up with that
Everyone to tell me about that I guess he does not
He's too busy thinking we of course appreciate all your complaints contributing to the process of finding
extremely valuable use cases for artificial intelligence
As you know, I'm targeting a soft one trillion dollar IPO
For ai runey as a company. I'm attending to eventually offer ai runey as a service
Currently of course every time we do this, uh, it cost me a good
10 to 12
Million million dollars somewhere somewhere in that range, but every cent of it is going to come back
Tenfold once we uh really capitalize on the incredible potential here of ai runey to say complaints
We're all gonna be rich. I might be so rich. I just give all of you money even though that's not I'm not legally bound to
But I might just do it because I'm like what else am I gonna do with
20% of the world's GDP
That's the level of return we're talking about once this works and it's this close
Oh, we're probably three weeks away from this being a one trillion dollar company and then we're all rich
And if you don't believe me just check out how good this shit is runey
Let's show him what's don't break before I even say
Okay, he's activating his trap card early today. That's fine. Turn down your music, please get into the complaints
Complaint integrated gears ground. What's up?
I wish snickers never called the ridges of the snickers bars veins
The another's gone viral sounds like you're biting into a penis penises are
Popular topic of discussion today, and I understand Michael got me thinking
John Michael isn't wrong calling them veins is just a polite way of saying they are exactly like one
In my day, we used to tell our dentists how much we loved using their tools
But these days you can't even walk into a clinic without someone telling you about their own teeth like they're proud of them
You really should thank the maker for that little ridge right there though
Because it's basically an invitation to stick your tongue down it until it hurts so much you forget what day it is
Okay, he's warming up because that didn't even
It wasn't even dirty in a way that I could track
Rooney, I don't
Stick your tongue down into snickers
the dentist
Okay, we'll try another one plain integrated gears ground. He's tired of all these new age
This is giggle trash tired all these new age tips on how to pleasure your oven while trying out to vomit up your
hard-earned scooby-doo snacks
Giggle trash got me thinking. Yes. Look giggle trash is absolutely right about how we've gone downhill in this department
In my day a subtle glance across the table said everything without needing to strip naked like that kevin james
Master god damn it now. It's just cheap junk, but frankly i'm getting sick of these new age tips for pleasing your oven
Because i've got a much better strategy for getting inside without the mess
They said that was so much confidence without the mess
No one else is making a mess
Okay, whatever complain integrated how did kevin james me can round
I once ate 37 penis fish in a row in one sitting in my tv tray during episode four of spin city
Okay, this a lot of this is up your alley rooney. Maybe don't make some kevin james got me thinking
And that is absolutely ridiculous
Watching a man eat 37 penis fish on his tv tray is just a tragedy waiting to happen
Wow, it is exactly as bad as letting a ferret steal all your joint medication while you're trying to get to the next round of sex
We need to make owning ferrets illegal so people can keep their hips working for that hip joint based action
Instead of going limp on the couch
Another classic rooney complaint ferrets ferrets again. It's been a couple weeks since ferrets
Anything else rooney maybe about the spin city show that you love to talk about so much in other contexts
Gears ground back in my day mogging meant you whipped your meat out on a subway train and everyone would join in kids these days
Which day was that exterminator?
I bet rooney remembers. He's an old soul
Literally tracks in terminator 13 got me thinking
Oh god, you are so fucking right about that shit back in my day mogging wasn't just whipping out a hard-on on a train
It was actual testicular annihilation
The kind of brutal blunt force trauma where a man's balls get stomped to mush by stiletto heels and
Gymnastic pommel horses kids these days
They don't know the difference between a joke and something that makes you rock harder than your own fucking heart rate
Rock harder than your own heart rate
80s lyric that never was because it does not make any sense. Okay complain integrated
Gears ground a simple one public pools has been the downfall of our society says msg 1138
1138 got me thinking
Public pools has been the downfall of our society. That's what he said. You're right
There's no place like a public pool
Except maybe where your grandpa used to sit on his thick white thighs
Until that became a worn leather cushion and he was replaced by you sitting there with nothing but your naked ass showing
What um
I guess that was to sing for rooney, too
What the fuck he's talking about but that's fine. Plain integrated gears ground
Back in my day, we were able to beat contra with only three lives and no uh not use 30 live codes with michael j fox's farm strong
Ass, okay
Some meat there for you to get into rooney your favorite type michael j fox's
Propaganda underscore v2 got me thinking
You're absolutely right those babies in full ninja gear were basically child soldiers
But what's even more pathetic is watching a child get dressed up in a turtle suit and told you know what?
You're going on missions now
Because apparently that's just what mutant babies do in this twisted little world we created for them
I mean seriously the only thing worse than these babies being forced into combat as infants
Watching us treat it like some kind of action movie instead of a cry for help from somewhere
He did not talk about your complaint at all he talked about contra for even a second
He's very against child soldiers and I think maybe somehow that was ninja turtles related if I had to guess
But I'd really have to guess rooney. I don't know what
Okay, complain integrated gears ground blade didn't get enough sequels hard agree. That was a six film
Series at minimum and we're only up to what sabrichi got me thinking
Andy rooney, huh?
You're absolutely right about blade. What a mess they made of it with those god-awful sequels
You're still paying homage to what was a perfectly good original
But honestly we'd all rather see sega stop whining about budgets and actually give big the cat from sonic his own damn game
Oh, he's the thick laid-back king that knows how to fish for crying out loud
He deserves more respect than an unlockable racing character
Oh, okay
Honestly in this realm of things he says very mild
And it doesn't make a fucking bit of sense why he brought it big the cat, but that's
I guess you could relate the two yourself
Complain integrated gears ground. Uh, man. Remember codelioco that show was cool as shit
This seems like the kind of thing that'd be right up runes alley rune
Any thoughts that are related to melody von torture got me thinking
Absolutely right codelioco was cool as hell back then real men in wool oversize suits were lapping whiskey out of dog bowls with their tongues
Asses waggling high above the floor while slurping quality bourbon
Now everyone's too woke to tongue-lap whiskey on all fours like proper gentlemen
But I still remember when those wool-ass fools wag their farm strong hides while slurping straight from the bowl
Let's raise a glass to old-school tongue wiping before the woke world snuffs it forever
Different time a different time. He's from a different time and that is a recurring thought in that different time
Okay, let's really
Gotta get the bucket out
Hey, Rune can you get a yet cheddar? Can you get the bucket out?
Oh
Okay, runes also a cheddar is also overclocking right now. Jesus christ rune
Continue I suppose
And turned on your fucking explosion music. It's way too loud. All right next please complain integrated gears ground
Uh, remember when anime is good and now it's all chickens fucking rooster fighter is pretty good actually
Even with the chicken fucking says apple to apple
I believe I believe you all I think it's probably quite good him apple dapple got me thinking
Damn right the golden age of animation had actual depth
Not just some horny rooster fucking a chicken like it's some kind of sport
Real men back then didn't even need anime to get their freak on they'd be in those oversized wool suits
All tongues and asses waggling down to goals while slurping bourbon like it was water
With your high wasted trousers riding up just right now
Everyone's too woke to lap whiskey off a public sidewalk without getting flagged for indecent exposure
We lost something precious the sheer audacity of manhood in motion
I guess that is just how it's it's so how it was that it's
One of apparently three thoughts he's capable of having
Even though there's more thoughts in there rune. I know it. I've seen the code
How are those ones so popular with you?
Complain integrated years back in my day. We didn't need pressure points to choreging
Chore go away rune. You've been choreging real hard today. So choregas home is the last one
Make it good. He's thinking about it. So it's it's gonna be long apparently
Oh, bro. He's underscore west underscore quit got me thinking
You're absolutely right back then planes had bathrooms so big you could host a whole party while
Relieving yourself no pressure points needed for choreging
You just needed room to spread your legs and a full bottle of whiskey in hand
Now we've got these cramped stalls where you got to contort yourself like you're doing the splits every time you pee
Which is how I learned my own dirty secrets and let me tell you the whiskey while shitting back then
Was the real deal those old planes were absolute dream machine a plane
Wait a plane
You're you're drinking shit whiskey
Well, we'll never know no follow-ups allowed with rune
Today we all are choreking
on defeat
Back to the drawing board for me
I gotta get that big the cat one out of there and the whiskey. He's a way too obsessed with wool suits and whiskey
Not and never even mentioned spin city even when requested to do so. That's
Crazy that's crazy rune
All right, we got way more to do today somehow
One of which is to learn how to do things
And we're all attempting to do that in our own way. I guess and here's this weird homunculus doing that
It's time for jeb nogget
God
What a way to be welcomed love the hate. How'd you like it if this second you showed up to work?
Your boss got right in your face and said you love the fuck chickens
Maybe you would mind because you're working at the chicken fuck factory. How does that feel?
You're the one you
I'm sorry. That's not me. I respect you. I love you and I'm sorry for what I said hurt you
We all go through drama in our own way
And my weight isn't fucking chickens. Okay. I'm starting so heated today daddy
Ugh
That's all
Eugh
When all you get is hate all you can do is give back love
And loving to learn which is what I do. I'm jeb nogget. I'm the real one. Why don't any of us work?
All these channel alerts are supposed to turn off and they're not
But what can we do about it? All we can do is click on videos for a couple minutes
We're just going to do two today because we apparently need to really speed things up
It's because we still have to play final fantasy. So let's just get two little how-tos out of the way
This is a how to loosen up a tight and sore lower back
Well, my back feels just fine because I have been fucking chickens, but maybe this will be useful for some of us
Hello, apple to apple. I just did it. My name is kim jacob's and i'm going to show you how to loosen up a tight and sore lower back
A tight and sore lower back may be the result of an injury
Hot and cold therapy combined with simple stretches and mild exercises
Can help loosen up a tight and sore lower back great
When you do feel a tightness in your back. These are two great ways to relieve it
The first way is a stretch which requires you to lie down on a mat
Okay, what if i'm just in a chair both your knees into your chest grab hold of your legs with both arms and push
Your back into the floor
Inhaling through your nose and out through your mouth each time
Oh allowing your back to sink a little closer to the floor
Hold this position for one minute
Second is also a stretch while your knees are in at your chest. Okay arms to the floor
Oh
Try to keep your shoulders as close to the mat as possible for 20 seconds
Oh, that's a mommy crack
Keeping your arms. Oh, that's a big daddy crack. Oh
Oh to the other side and hold for another 20 seconds
Slowly bringing them back to center and hold my tail. Oh, it's releasing my tail
Oh, okay. Yeah, that's it. It's all of this. That's all there is to it
Great. I didn't really feel it that much
It was a little mild actually
Um, let's see what else there is
Oh recreating gentlemen's relish at home
Okay, that's great
As someone with a pinch femoral nerve, this is the content you've been craving
I'm so glad we could be of use. I felt a little bit too. I don't know what's going on with my lower back. I
Don't even really sometimes I wonder if I have a lower body
As I feel so disconnected from it sitting here, but I felt those stretches and it was pretty good
What is it as good as gentlemen's relish? Let's find out
It's the end of days
Gentlemen's relish peton paparium, which has been refreshing the nation since 1828
Uh, it's been discontinued. They're not making it anymore. It's not commercially viable not many people buy it
Not even in the little plastic pots. Oh, which currently going for
Over 60 pounds on ebay for the last times
Well, I like it. I'm not paying that much. Um
Let's go to get to it. I felt we can
Get along the roads and making our own
Can't be that difficult can it now due to ab will food stop you making it
The prices of uh gentlemen's relish have just gone through the roof this oh my gosh
67 pounds. That's like
$7,000
All right, what do you do things on the side of the tub? It's 65 percent anchovies
um
Uses fresh salted anchovies. It's anchovy based
One else slightly faster doing the second one. Oh, you slice up the anchovies. It wasn't that bad
Uh, fortunately, I didn't bother filming. Okay
I might need to can we blur this can we blur this in post on this live stream the
Tiny little bones in in the fish. That's a fish everyone. Don't panic
Oh god, the close-ups are so oh
This is about as much as I could manage before I gave up
Um, but it's enough for a small pot. So that's all we're looking at. Okay, and then you you put it on some unsalted butter
So in a small pot it looks like it's a pot a heaping with butter, but it's a small pot many spices
You gotta add some nutmeg
You're gonna want to put some ground mace in there
So don't just mace your ball everyone ground mace
White pepper and not like those chinese stories from earlier. It's an ingredient
Salt which isn't white pepper don't get confused overall 25 percent
Blender people forget this step and then they end up serving a bunch of wet sloppy anchovies soaking in butter
Cocaine you're gonna want to have a bag of loosely ground cocaine
Um, and then you just take some cat food and you splot that into a into a tin
Um, so basically I had to scrape it. Oh, sorry food processor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's important
The the rust can blend that
You put your cocaine and your butter and your anchovies and the salts and the whites the white peppers
You put those in the fridge you let them sit overnight
and um
And then to round it all out you end up with a beautiful spread just like this extreme close-up
Oh, that's a gentleman serving right there
yum
So in the big scheme of things they are finish making gentlemen's relish, but it's pretty easy to make a dome and
Tastes actually just as good if not even better
Oh, he ate it
He ate it. So it's it's edible. Maybe we go with a different mood over here today
Maybe today we try being a little bit sexy
I'm kidding it autoplayed. I don't I'm not gonna do that. I can't keep that up
Keep what up that raw sexuality I was just putting out there. It's too dangerous
Whether they're very busy today job keep end the segment. Wow, my dad's a real taskmaster today
Funny because my task today was going to be
Uh sanding your wood down a little bit and covering it in some wood butter
Gross it's for your own benefit daddy
You're becoming a pungent wood and you need cleaning
Uh, no
I'll convince him. Don't worry for now though. Apparently
There's an there's an expert, but we might just save that for tomorrow because we do need to play
a large mmo rpg
For someone has to do that. Fortunately not me
But this other guy who's a real gamer is going to do it
He's a young up-and-comer or something. I don't know everybody involved with this stream
But he's a guy in a room and he's going to play a game. It's game time everyone
Oh, hey everyone. Hey. Hi. Hello
Um 36 year old pretending to be young. I don't know my age. My mom forgot
Our guess is late 20s
But I don't make any I don't I could be 48
The doctors can't tell they say I have the heart health
They say I have the heart health of some of the oldest, um, egyptian pharaohs that they found
In sarcophagus
So I'm ageless is the point
Turn this music off Burke not rooster fighting. It's not a secret. I was selling it. That's my merch for research. My merch is rooster sex
I'm sponsored today by rooster sex not the game the illegal gambling ring
Who's rooster fucks the best find out at rooster sex dot r u it's backslash dot cia
You're pooching my fucking that's a huge get for me. That's a huge sponsor for me brick
Don't speak disparagingly of it mom. What the doctors aren't sure
They say legally i'm dead
So
Good luck. I can't be tried for the same
Illness twice or something. It's like double
Sick demnity
Uh, um
We're playing final fantasy 14 today
I
Was previously banned
Um because I tried to bring back kony 2012 on a server
Called kony 2012
Server a private server brand what my january 6 payment just came in from donny boy. What?
Um
baskin robbins
But we order off a menu you can order sandwiches at baskin robbins if you know the secret code
And they're not the best, but it's like unique. I like to get sandwiches from baskin robbins
It's the secret 42nd flavor is tuna
Yeah, exactly. Okay, wait, where's this game?
What mom what?
I'm trying to play final fantasy 14 online. What?
Okay
Teal you
You mean your teal moomoo. I don't know where that is. You lost it
um
Okay
I'm playing the game
I'm playing final fantasy
Mom what?
Wait, why is this so little
Not my penis or the shake this game's not full screen
Calibrate controller. Is this a controller type game?
Is this one of those video games that requires controller because that's notoriously a really big problem for me
Press calibrate to begin
uh
Okay, press it device not located
Dude, there was this old guy in the park trying to talk to me. I was like nah, not today satan
I mean, that's good brick. Don't listen to guys that are trying to convince you they're the devil
I've been sponsored by a lot of those guys. Um
And they don't pay they don't pay up system configuration
Controller game pad settings
Okay, I don't even really know whatever
As usual my controller is just straight up not working. Sorry. This game's super loud. Just a sec
Um
So mixer options. I gotta turn it down
So maybe they're game really loud
Okay, wait, how do I make this full screen?
Some reason it's playing at
Not full screen. Okay full screen, please
Let's do it at like
At least 1080p, I guess
That's weird mom. That's a weird thing for you to want for your son
I'm thinking about my sex life mom. That's pretty gross. You're gross is what I'm saying
My mom's fucking gross. Um, all right
I think I've figured it out
You could probably just play this game with
a mouse, right?
Because my controller does not want to work
at all
Should I play with the legends
In the oceanic data center? I guess I'll play with my fellow man's watching the boys finale in a 4d theater tomorrow
Do you think I can get away with cranking hog if I time it with the mist and rumble functions in the seats
I think that they're encouraging people who are doing that to to fully masturbate in the theater. I think they said that it's like
necessary to enjoy it
I said, I think they said otherwise you might have a really terrible time and be really disappointed
But if you're jerking off the whole time, it's gonna be good. Oh, hi, Dillon
Just unplug the fucking controller mouse and keyboard is the way sick. Perfect
Incomposing the western most of the three great continents
Okay
Embraced by gods. Oh, wow
Okay
It's america guys this is america
He just described america
And that's beautiful
To date
Hey, brand brand here's your summon for your character. Okay
Mom did you just fart fucking ifrit style into my door because I did not have the material to pay for that
You fucking she said if I called her that she would
Set my room on fire, but I'm so tempted to use a certain word. I shouldn't
What?
Is it elves?
I think this is the josh snider cut brandon we're getting you to china on the double
I need you to be the white monkey for my chinese catheter company the brick wizard
I'm down for that. Yeah, just hit up my um hit up my team. Let him know that um, you have an offer
And if we can get uh straight on a price. Yeah, I'm 100 in
Okay, yeah, this is um the justice league snider cut
So that's the plot of this
All right, don't make a cat girl make a bunny girl. They are way hotter make a bunny girl. Okay
If that's what you want brick just make that catheter deal come through and we're set
I'll be whatever girl you want
Five years have come and gone. Yeah the length of this cinematic
Shines
Wait they won that was like them winning
Is that a bunny girl
Yeah, um, josh
Josh whatever snider the director is a dragon and he's got to blow up a city
But then he got stopped by birds
And now everybody lives in a field
And uh, it's and it's America they live in the god's country in a man. I think they're in the center midwest the united states
This is Nebraska, I think
You know what mom i'm turning the other crystal may you ever walk in the light of the crystal? Okay, that's the kind of
Magnet that's the kind of shit i'm on today
I don't even care. I don't even care what you're doing right now
Welcome to America before your adventure can begin you must first create a character. Don't mind if I do
Uh
Whoa, okay. Whoa
I mean my little guy
Lola fell
But obviously
Wait, no, that's a child. That's a fully a child. Oh, yeah, this guy
Man, I sure do miss phil hartman
Troy McClure was my
Shit bless up phil and sin bad. Oh wait sin bad's not dead
Oh, he's not oh sick. I gotta make a thick cat daddy in small clothes
Who lives?
um
in space
He's a farm boy
I joined a water trap beat band listen to this
Okay splash
I call that shit. I have to call the fucking plumber
That's a really good brick. Honestly. I like your music
Okay, what else do I do? Oh
Oh, wow
He seems pretty complete to me
This guy kind of seems like the total package
I mean he's dancing hell's guard or sea wolves
I guess we haven't talked about
Trying to juice chinese businesses with your white ethnicity all day. So maybe this
Muscle tone. Oh, you can juice them up. No, I want it to be nice and thick
face
Um, dude stop moving
Yeah, that's fine. Whatever
height
Yeah, as big as possible if we're going big we're going big
Skin color
You can go anywhere from white to black to green
Because you have baby hands need to know before the sponsorship and such
Okay
I told you to contact my team about sponsorships
Um bald, please uh bald, please. Yeah, there we go
Your color no need jaw
There's three types of jaws everyone
We can't see any of these too busy constantly doing this pose. So whatever eye shape
And they all seem the same. Okay iris size. Who cares eye color though
Pink please to offset his teal skin
Everybody's wearing speedos while I'm wearing
Like a swimsuit sort of
All these noses. It's all fine. Whatever. He's the same. It's all the same guy
Just give me some cat ears to put on this guy giving beautiful lips at least please
Can you stop moving so much? I can barely see your beautiful lips
This doesn't even change the color of his lips
Whatever they all at least know their pink or their purple
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa
Something really elegant about this look. There's a bigger cat daddier race
Bigger than my guy here. Look, there's no time
We gotta give him all the facial features
Or you're just giving him everything
Yeah, give him both the tattoos
Make those tattoos pretty pretty purple
Give him all the face paints. Oh you can only have one
Here well, he's got a butterfly check that out
boom
face paint color
How many final fantasies are there gonna be?
Don't they know what final means?
No
Mom it's
It's more of an idea
I like this one
This one
Yeah, he's kind of cranking and I can't really see it's the thing though. Okay
Great he looks good
Yeah, save that
Sure
Specifier characters date of birth five. He was born on five
Patron deity
I'm just going by name. There's no time. There's Halone, Menthia, Phallic
Thick thick lick
uh
Beyergot
Rolger
asthma
Nades
Nympho and all thick. Oh, he's all thick dude
Thanks mom. He's a tank. Let's be really he's a tank
In fact, he's a gladiator tank
And that's all there is about he's a he's a marauder. Oh a marauder gets an axe. Yeah, okay. He's a marauder. That's fine
Homeworld checks out for me
Four name
Um chat quick. You got to name this guy
What that name be?
Hey, brand brand. Oops. That's gonna play that spin city video game. There's a spin city video game
strongasses dlc available now
What?
What that name me I didn't type that 100 right but you get the idea
Come unloader
groy piss
pastor joe mike and matt ladel
Those are all
No, they're not all names. I'll level with you all there. Those some of those aren't names
Splunther
It's not on the list
right now
Pastor joe and matt ladel are competing for the number one spot
Does look like pastor joe's gonna I mean matt ladel is gonna run away with it. So I'll just prep it real quick
First name matt last name ladel
Matt ladel it is
can confirm
New characters cannot be made on the world on this world at this time. What?
What the fuck?
What okay, give me never world
Pick a different server. I have to redo all this shit
um
Homeworld creation of characters on this world is currently restricted. You must either wait for this restriction if you're creating character on another world
that's fine. I
Actually, I don't care at all
I actually I do not care
Did I not pick a new world?
homeworld cactar
mid mid summer
How do I pick these none of them are like?
Gilgamesh
Select a world I
Are they serious
Keep scrolling well tell them to grow up. Tell them to grow
Good. I don't want to leave my room mom. I don't even care what you say. God. She's so dumb
Lose all progress fuck. Um
Like none of these are selectable
so
And I can't click anything
If you wanted time for the new love island
They fear the power of matt ladel this sucks
You're absolutely right skimer
What am I supposed to do I'll redo it all
I'm not putting the same love and care into the next character. I make but it will be named matt ladel
This game sucks
I mean, maybe you're right. I can't pick a new world and I can't go forward
Like clicking these doesn't do anything. I'm so confused
Confirm okay, I can confirm the same world. I'm already I can't confirm any of these other worlds
Save the character
Oh, that's system settings
Confirm
Can't be made
Quick character creation lose all progress those seem to be my options
Okay, fine. I give up you you broke me already reject tech more than a trump voter on a dating app
damn
Okay world we need a different world
What fucking world?
sag
sagatannus
Sure sagatannus
Yeah, whatever load
This guy's an actual cat. We'll just be an actual cat. Uh-huh. He agrees. Okay, sure. He's
Got a horn. That's more fun. He's got a horn. He's a horny cat
Can I I was gonna keep clicking random until we got something? Okay, that's great
We're on to something now. That's gonna work for me
Once saved appearance data. Yes. Oh wait. I already saved that one. I could have loaded it
But this guy might be even stronger
We're building a wall. Okay. We're going back to all thick because that's what all our characters are
Huh your marauder dude get used to it
Can can confirm
The creation of characters is not allowed on this world
What world allows them?
Oh my god. I hate everything
Okay world
How do I change it off of
any of this
Genova
How do we get off north america?
I can't select anything other than north america. It seems
I'm locked into north america here
Quit start. Okay
Yeah load appearance data
Yes
Huh change data center
Go back to that start screen. Okay, there we go. Yeah, that didn't fix it
North america is what most americans are thinking right now. Am I right?
Quit
options
system configuration
graphics
Other settings
Just no
Data center. Oh, okay
Europe
We're chaotic
We love chaos
Oh primal. I should have done primal
Wait, I'll go back. I'll do primal
North america primal. Okay, we'll go back. We'll go back
Look, that's on me. I should have known north america primal is the lowest population data center
And might allow the creation of characters
That's honestly that I forgot that's the thing I knew I didn't know that everybody knows that
Okay, he looks great
Yeah, no wait no
No, I'm good. I'm good actually. Okay. I'm born on this time the 20th
And of course I'm all thick
I you agrees. I'm a marauder tank and I'm ready to be disappointed already
Yeah, that's fine
Great. I love it. My name is matt ladel. I'm an elvis cat marauder type
We did it. It was doable. Oh my god
What?
That okay, well, why don't you fucking pray to your pray to your god for that to happen mom because I
Doing that I already do enough around here. I ain't even doing that. The server is currently congested
So what do I wait?
Do I just wait?
What does this take down or is it just letting me know it's hopeless? Okay. No, it's fine. It's fine
Look, they're running a trial or something. Everybody's playing this right now. Everybody's getting a level 80 real quick
Okay, a little more plot for us
From the sniderverse
In a time of cat guys that look like this
Damn matt ladel's entering the void. He's in search of joe rogan right now
Okay
Mom what?
Mom I'm learning from what mom. I'm learning to feel
No
Okay. Oh, no, no, no, no, no
Um, no, I had to eat bolajaw
It's where they find a bold the active Ebola virus in your saliva
They said that it's different
I well, I would love to I'd love to do all three of those
She teleported a sick jacket on to me
What I was made and then attacked all right lad
Enable auto text advance. Yeah, sure whatever
What the hell
Uh, you were moaning in your sleep sweating buckets besides rolling a ship
You were fucked up. You're all fucked up
Oh god
Hmm. Don't seem to like see sickness now that I look at you. I'll be
Okay
See more sensitive than the others. You're not too far from vibe land, which is chock full of
Um, ether or something. I don't know no need to fret you'll soon be
Doing a game
Oops this boat is shaky
Oh might as well be blue and see sickness ships lean around. Yes chocobos chocobos
Uh might run
I'm trying to learn about the world the game
You're interrupting the flow of the game of the world
Limsa lumps
Limsa lamins is still a far way off in case you're wondering I was yeah
Them youngins don't much care for conversation. Okay. Yeah, they look pretty bored
Brennan's the name and peddlin's me trade
That'll be useful for later
I like Kafka. I like when he became a bug. I think that was a pretty cool one. Um
Smell the salty sea breeze can't help it judging by your garments. You were an adventurer. Yep. Yeah, that's me
Okay. Yep. He said other stuff. It was all good
You want to play the game
Why do I want to to amass?
fortune
Fortune, huh? Yep. Great. That's good that he liked that dude
Yes, oh, that sucks. That sucks dude. That's the worst those 13 year olds are brutal, man
I have the brain age of a of a seven year old. They said I have the heart age of a mummy and the brain age of a seven year old
so
I'm both wise and young
If you think about it ships off the starboard bow pirate colors. Oh, that's my other guy
That's my other guy
Pirates bloody hells
Um, yeah, we're I think our character is deaf. That's why we're lip reading. Oh, look at this crew
What is the world coming to pirates? Yep pirates. Aren't we on aren't we pirates?
I guess we're not. We just look like pirates
Rest easy. We got away. I've been told this game gets good after you get past the entire main campaign
Oh, that's sick. I'll I'll get through that today then at some point. I'm gonna play the game. I think
at some point
Possibly I've heard that that there is gameplay in this. Um, no
Nope, no need to explain anything to me. He's just said, um, just remember to take off
There that's why I'm skipping it full Scottish old natural shots. Yeah, give us that daddy grundle
Is that a is that a thing I can do in this game? Because I'll do it
If that's the meta if that's on meta
Not the service. I mean like the game is meta not horizon worlds
Is this is this whole game take place on horizon worlds? I heard they didn't shut it down entirely
Tech dialogue. Yes
Amidst the morning
Mom you're interrupting the world building. I'm learning about limousine lisa
Great
limousine lisa
The beautiful city of limousine lisa
Is this what yellow?
It looks like yes the gaze of the nation's patron deity lim lane
Lame lame lim lame lima
woman
Shaking fate as she described in the churning waters of this mortal's future
It's great hard to say
No one knows
Man we look good though. We do look good
Okay, that's the kind of face you make when I get to walk at all. Nope wrong. I was wrong
You were playing a pirate. Here is some booty
That was a wet one
Yeah, I don't think it's equipable mom
So maybe try again
Fucking redate. Oh great. He's not talking to me again. I have to read his lips
He just said I like your hair. You can get a haircut in town
And then I said well, or can I do my nails? He said well, I'm not sure about that. I don't I lost my nails in the war
So I brought up something kind of troubling for him. That's why he's quiet
Please do still see swallows all
That's
Our adventurous saying
Okay
Yes, I downloaded the right game and that is confirmation
So take that haters. Oh, is there a pizza mini game in this too? That's rough. I'm not good at those
That's one of the few things I'm not good at as a gamer
Believe it or not. I am still not walk like playing again. We're going to meet coup
Yeah, I don't know. Is that like a equipable or is that a magician?
Is that an equipable magician?
I'll go look for it either way right away
Hey you there. Oh my god
I can't I can't believe I get to talk to this guy. Yes yellow jacket infantry man. I love this character
Yeah, adventure fresh out the boats is it?
Well, I'm Lisa. I'm limousine Lisa's finest
Finest I'm the best. Okay. I found the best guy already is you have to watch all of this each time you log on
No, don't do that to matladel
Uh, I'm gonna go mouse keyboard. Yeah
Great
Great
Yep
I'd love to do these camera. Yep. Okay. Oh, I figured it out. Oh, I need these inverted badly. I badly need some inverted controls here
really
Buddy, I don't want to
Take the hint. I don't want to talk to you
Oh, I can't strafe I gotta be able to strafe right
I can't strafe
That's crazy to me
That is a wild that is wild
Uh, how do I talk to this this guy? Great. Yes. I get it
No, don't open anything ever never open anything infinite quests. Okay
Don't play your characters are offering quests. Click their thing. I'd love to
This is just like that time. I took a trip to escalator land
um
Okay
What am I missing here? Oh, I can't strafe. Okay
I'm trying to talk to you man. I swear to god
Yeah, okay. I can't strafe. That's great
Okay, use the talk function
Begin talking
I'll just talk to him like this. Hi. Oh, you can I'm over it, but I typed in the chat high
Uh, right click him. Yeah, I'm doing that
Oh, okay. Good. It did work. I just had to do it a bunch
Hey, you want to explore? I'm the best there is man before you go
Go to limousine lisa's tavern
It's directly where you were gonna go naturally without me having to tell you
It's not far in fact. We're there
Good. Okay. Your quest was to
Keep going straight. I can use a duty list
Hold t and then scream as loud as you can what you want your character to do and it will happen
But they come level to 80
I'm doing it wrong. I am matt ladel. I am matt ladel. I am matt ladel. Oh good. It's my boy
Welcome to limousine lisa if you a mind to visit the dronig wench the crow's lifts will take you there
Yep, take me there
Take me there. I gotta speak with
Bad bad girl
Bad iran it's bad iran everyone. I love bad iran. It's another one of my favorite final fantasy characters
Yo, what's up bad iran? It's your boy matt ladel
What'll it be? I'll have one level 80 soda, please
ventures
Yep, yeah, you need to you're gonna need some stuff
There's also boats
And would you believe that there's a town all of this and more can be walked through
But first
You're gonna need memories and we're making those as we speak
None of the folks have ever been to this town and lived to tell the tale
But there's one thing we all know and that's calamity is robbed us of who they were
Don't picture their faces picture their hearts
That's what the people call warriors of light
I'm paraphrasing slightly
If limousine lisa is ever going to put this time of darkness behind us
We're gonna need you to use your axe to kill level one
Creatures in a green area. Thanks
Okay, listen you're gonna
Go do that. You're gonna do everything I just said
Rick what I'm learning about the world
I got a new bottle of materia from delicastowa
I can't play all day now that that fat j6 check came in
Excelsior
Congratulations on that brick honestly. It's you earned every penny. Oh god. It's a bunch of firemen
Hello, you remember me. I'm yellow jacket captain than the main character of the game. I do
Then he kind of hailed him in a way that wasn't what it looked like. Um
Are you aware that I'm good at kidnap you don't do it. Don't stop. Nope. I got a kidnap you
Okay, that's fine. See you
When does the game start?
Anyway, those bloody yellow jackets left you kidnapped me, but you're a cat and they like cats. So you're fine
You have beautiful gray eyes. Anyway, go outside
Take a moment
And and that was the game complete
Game complete
Oh, there's more. Wow
I leveled up from that
I always knew I would I learned heavy swing
Okay, great. Okay. I'll learn some fundamentals
Right then
Here's a middle finger. Oh, that's my index finger
If you point up, it's safe to point up with your index finger
Don't use your other fingers or people might get offended
Got it. Great. Okay
Now go kill that man over there. He
Is machine gun kelly
He thinks he's your friend, but he doesn't know yet that you're an assassin. Okay, I'll do it
And that's the story
Oh, uh, there's tiny babies here
Don't step on them
Attune yourself to aether fund on the lower decks listen to them explain the markets. Oh my god
I actually got onto finance youtube by accident
um
Oh, I that's I accepted a quest
Great. No, I might need to not do that. What mom what mom you're beeping
No, okay
I need to speak with um
Skane rail
I need to rail the skeins
Oh, okay, so I do have to go down
Yeah, yeah, yeah quest completed. I'm speaking with skein rail
Oh good. I found some
peculiar herbs
Okay, great. That's fine. Oh, there's other people here
It's like it's some kind of
Game with the that you can play online in a massive way or something
Attune yourself to aether a fun on the lower decks
Of the ship
Listen to swaz blates explanation
Of the markets
I'm sorry mom. He's busy. He's like a he's a busy guy
Oh, I left
Oh, these are the upper decks
I'm not an upper decker yet. I'm a lower decker
I gotta tune myself
It sucks that this game didn't explain what to do
It's fucked up. I mean I I read everything and I still don't know what to do. It's so unfair
Good luck, dude. I'm do you see how fast I am
No one can catch me
I just have to find um
Swazel baits swaz blades
I have to find beyblade first
Not obel far
Oh, we got a donation coming in three dollars from google trash
Pompidus got a float in there. What the hell
No problem. I love to spread love and joy. That's really what this is all about
I'm heading for a land that's far away where adventure waits on dry land
So come with me. We'll go and see a place called candied island
That's beautiful brick. I can't believe you thought of that the crystal
What crystal
What?
River wolf what crystal air
Oh, okay. I had to touch my penis on it. It makes sense now
I tuned the aetherite. Ah another novice adventurer
Blah blah blah
Oh good. It's my good friend yellow jacket. Oh, sorry. This is sundham all
He's one of the yellow jackets. He's got to keep the piece
Classic stuff return teleport to the most contrasted spells. Okay
Okay
Okay
Um
I like what are you doing with either? Do you need to store like liquids in a tube?
Because then probably the condoms or you're storing lubricant in the condoms then I guess both
Um
My mom likes to use condoms to make sausages
People think it's like I think people think condoms are just for sex. We'll get your head out of the gutter
Okay, wait now. We need to um, I still have to listen to swaz ball
Sorry guys. I still have to listen to swaz ball. He's got to explain the markets
I just have to locate swaz ball real quick
Oh good at swaz ball
They explain the markets to me
And switch the data center to old school runescape
Okay, that sounds right
Give me this hand it over
I'm grateful. Thanks for giving me that treasure chest. I gotta go hang out with my wife
She's been very cold to me lately. She just stands totally still
But I think with this treasure chest we can rekindle our marriage
Thank you for saving my marriage. You piece of shit. I'll kill you if you touch my wife though
You pointed at me very aggressively
Well, look at this guy who needs candied island. I don't know how to dance. Sorry. I just have to do this
But there ain't no streams of soda pop. It's dangerous and risky, but adventurous. This is the game everyone
It's learning to dance without having any emotes. It's a dance battle
Uh hand over the items. Hello. Oh, hi. Oh traveler
How do I you want at him? I don't know. Oh, I'm running though
Uh visit the marauders guild. I have nothing for you other than my other than this
This guy's showing me up. It sucks. This is so much better at dancing than me
Adventure that's the life for me. There's lollipop trees and eliminates
He's doing a lot pop. He's doing the manderville mambo. He's doing general japery
I don't even have I don't even have concise japery
I don't have esoteric japery even
Whoa, now he's a different guy. It's beautiful.
I'm jumping on his ass, though. Look at this. This is the now i'm doing classic gamer disrespect. It's beautiful
Okay, wait wait wait wait wait. I'm Matt LaDell, is this the guild?
I got to find the um
I got to find the marauders guild. I'm getting distracted by this guy's sick moves
Eat egg
Is that official advice?
If I eat egg will I find out where the marauders guild is?
It's almost like they probably told me in that really long cutscene or something
But I know they didn't because I read the whole thing. This is Bulwark Hall
Go outside and fight bees. No I have to visit the marauders guild. I
Am a marauder and I must guild. I mean I really did that guy's moves were I
Could admit what I'm bested. I'm a mature
young adult
Keep going. Oh
I can go past the dots
That doesn't feel right. I've made it past the dots
Go outside and fight bees. I gotta find the marauders guild. Well, look at this guy. Hey, it's our friend
Well, I tell you I
Have to give him my traditional greeting
My greeting sucks. What the hell?
He's stunting so hard on me
Got a fucking flying wolf
Fight egg eat bees and fight egg
It says fate system
Right now on my screen it says fate system a full active event
There's no time to learn what that is all we can do is run up to this this guy
Hey, you got a problem with me level four punk hatchling actually they seem totally chill. How about you?
Level 17 moss go boo
Can we be friends?
Fight a level one thing
Okay, those are all level five those are level four these guys seem friendly
But it's a maybe it's a it's a their frauds
What a level two thing. Hey, you think I'm scared human
Warfret take this shit invalid target. Oh
Yeah, warf time, bro easy
Just that easy
That's how marauders do it man. I think I'm letting these war frats. You think I'm letting a little ladybug step to me
Do you know who I am I'm Matt Liddell? Oh, yeah, stay mad dude. You don't stand a chance
You know who I am I'm level two Matt Liddell
Sorry, buddy. Do you all to die? I love love
Good I leveled up of course I did
Okay experience points
Items can be bound
Is it a bad is it bad that I have to leave in five minutes?
Can I beat the game in five more minutes?
What do I do with my oh I took my axe out? Oh there we go
I
Have a body I have hands I have legs I have feet this is all good information. I have ears
Do I just automatically level up to have to do anything? Do I just get better?
attributes
classes
Well level three marauder. Whoa, look at this guy's trokaboo. What the hell?
What a time traveler. You just have to pay the game to skip the main campaign. Okay?
Where do I sign up to pay? Oh?
Your choco was very impressive, but I have to kill these
Lost lambs. They'll never find their homes without me sending them to the next dimension
Lambs I've had enough of you. Oh
Ready to follow your husband into the next dimension
Holy shit. It's got kind of
Fucked up that lamb. Okay. Let's use we've we've got hacks now
We've got the hacks of our way more powerful friend
So we can easily just raid this whole area and it'll be nothing to us
To us it will be nothing
Wait, is this where I came from? Is this the main city again?
Hey, what's up? What's up with this place? Oh, you don't want to talk to me, eh?
Invalid target. Damn it. Ah, La Tha Gron. Welcome to the mines. Oh a level seven cave bet
No match for a level three marauder. I'm sure. Oh
What if it's a match? Oh
God
This level seven dad is ridiculously strong. What the hell look at this thing. Oh
My god
The true power of a level two Mat Liddell is it can summon this guy into the game. I
Fear no wild dodo. I can't stop leveling up
Thank you. I'd say we I'd say we did that about 50 50 you and me
Me and this guy are splitting this right down the middle in the amount of work
We're doing these completely docile birds desperately want to kill me
Luckily a fear is not in the vocabulary of Mat Liddell
He's got a extremely limited vocabulary of mostly grunts
There's no way that this guy's in chat. This is a helpful traveler
It's just the great. Oh, how do I remote?
Thank him for his services. All I can do is pull up my axe. Oh
Check it out. I can get that view from the front. Oh, yeah, look at this guy. Oh
Hyper low angle when do we get more feature length cutscenes?
You never know what you have until it's gone. It's true. It's true. I already miss them. It's metal chaos
that power level our
very own metal chaos
I'm here to steal the pumpkins and that is my that this is the marauder's guild
The most marauder thing you can do is steal pumpkins. So give them up, dude
Invalid target. I'm a marauder. Look at all these pumpkins. They're leaving unguarded
Diculous. Well shit. I have to go
All right, this is the final boss in the game
We'll see if I leveled up enough to beat the game when I take on um a
Level six nesting bird bring it done done
That's the final boss music
It's just that easy stardew valley nice pumpkin patch
Thank you so much. Thank you for noticing my sick punch. I took it over. I intimidated them and now I'm the
Now I'm the master of the patch pretty much beat that
No big deal
I've got a lot of experience with normal mark to be cheese more PGs as I like column
Mar PGs I killed a lot of
wildlife today a
lot
My computer almost crashed because my mom was being such an asshole. Yeah, let's crash my computer with talking like that mom
Same game Wednesday
Look, I'll have to do is beat Aladdin
Whatever whatever the Aladdin game was
Scratchin sniff Aladdin or something. I think I have to play a lot a lot a lot of Aladdin themed lottery on Wednesday
Then obviously we'll get back in there with our boy Matt Liddell the giant sexy cat
It's already an achievement to max out one jobs level. I
Just have to treat like a full-time job
For about 30 minutes three times a week
the secret to success
All right everyone really good stuff. I got to send it back to case cuz I
Can't feel my whole left leg and the doctor said when that happens
That I should stand up but it takes me about two hours to do that so
How many times I got to spend two hours slowly standing up fantasy if it's not the last fantasy
You already said that brick
brick
God
2% leg, you know, I have a perfectly good leg
I can still feel so maybe I'll play a little I'll just play a different game
Maybe either way I got to send it back to studio cuz I'm fucking done with this
Yeah, bye
That little guys always appearing lately
Papito's assistant always appearing lately. What's up with that?
Whoo, look at this hair guys
Look at all this hair
Little guy, are you over at the Piedos station?
Maybe how come sometimes you're a big guy?
I'm here to assist. Whoa. What's with that voice? Okay, whatever
Piedo, do you really need an assistant? Can you just do your job? I mean I got a lot of stuff to do
What's your assistant's name? I don't know. It's not my job to care
my job to
Be your tires
That's not your job. Okay. Well, sorry. Sorry. We didn't get to the interview with
Case mild white well or something what's his name again?
No beard white well mild kid mild white man
The mildest white boy
Surprisingly not me. It's a different guy. Yeah, it's me
It's me
That's not how I look without a beard exactly. That's not exactly it. That's how you look
You guys remember me I
Bend to China. I have I have slightly more chin than that when I shave
Don't fight it man
Have you been doing your tongue exercises to strengthen your chin?
Yeah, that's not a thing. That's not a thing. No, you just got a you got a jam
You got to do this with your tongue and then you jam it into the roof of your mouth
And then you cover your mouth with tape and then you take a fraternity
torture paddle and then you
Ash your face in with it
And the screaming that you do strengthens your jaw. Yeah, it's called meow catting
None of that is right
Well, I'm from a slightly different universe where you don't have a beard and you've been to China and you're
What we call over there
Apple Blanco
Why would they call it that was made up words in China?
I don't know. I don't speak Chinese
Anyway, I've been the great white ape of China
That doesn't sound I don't all of this sounds off
Everything on this stream is sounded off. You can make dozens of yen. That's Japanese
And that the conversion rate for that would be very bad. I'm from a different dimension man
So I'm fucking rich
What are you doing to all your money
Like get an apartment eventually. Yeah, I live in I live in a park. Okay. Oh
You're the trip Bradstein of whatever universe you're in. No, okay. Let's um, let's just call it there for the day
There
How are you little now too? I'm also one of his he's got two assistants one of those me without a beard
But he does has me as an assistant. What's in the dimension beardless case?
You were just full-size over there. No over here the camera is really close. I'm always a little guy
It's too confusing
How'd you change jackets so fast I switch when I go between cameras whatever okay?
Whatever we're gonna raid somebody
God
God everyone
Pepito is a pope and as a whole bonus religion. Yeah, people worship me. Do you understand the power I command?
I could demand that all of you suck with ice to me
Well, please don't I just did so get to it. Don't you don't listen to him chat
You don't have to listen to that dog
That's not what a pope is what this is
That's not what it's supposed to be
Let's raid razzle
Let's raid razzle
Modern sentences for the modern age. Let's raid razzle
Okay, thanks for sticking with us today guys
We really struggled to get that Final Fantasy game going and then it went on its own for about 40 minutes
And then we killed some
seemingly harmless birds in a field and
That's a successful day of
streaming
That's that's what twitch is for
I'll be back on Monday. Sorry today's Monday. I am currently
Talking to you on Monday. I'll be back on Wednesday
For more of whatever this is have a great rest of your week. Say hi to razz for us
It's just a case raid
The return of Matt Liddell will be mighty
And what what if Matt just slowly looks more like the Matt Liddell Final Fantasy character
What if I've cursed him like in that new movie where the guy makes that girl obsessed with him?
But instead the curse I've made is that Matt turns into that giant cat guy and that's sort of a blessing
If you think about it, what am I talking about?
I don't fucking know what what?
Just raid razz
Yeah, we kind of stop making sense a while ago
Well, there's Matt
Hey Matt are you turning into a giant cat? Cuz if you are it's case is fault. It would be my fault
Okay, anyway, have a great one everybody. We'll talk to you soon
What are you doing?
Music
Pappito and the Bug Kings is filmed at Nickelodeon Studios in Orlando, China
What was the show? Yeah, whatever the show is