I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Munch is still a skeleton ha ha ha.
One, it's Friday. Yeah.
That means we're wearing the casual shirt today.
We're finally back to casual Fridays.
I need to get a tie for casual. I need to get a fish pin.
I need to still represent the fish aspect somehow on this stream.
Okay, there we go.
Good to see everybody mighty Oz live in sleazy tasty zero profit.
Gant at Giggle Trash card king.
Others bull of our trash. Oh my God.
A fish ascot. Does that... does an ascot keep it casual?
I guess whatever you want to wear is casual.
Oh, I could have Fiona crochet me something.
Now that she's let the cat out of the bag, she's got a new hobby.
Was vacation not casual?
It was, but I wasn't on stream.
This is work. We get to do work casually on Fridays.
That's the life hack that has been afforded to us by our corporate overlords
and passed on to this stream.
Just tack a sardine on your collar. Yeah, that sounds pretty good actually.
I only have about an hour to stream today because I have to go see the new
Filipino cartoon.
Sounds weird when I say it, but that's a thing. There's a movie out.
Celebrating Filipino culture and large scale animation
that I have to go see with Kendall and Christian at six 10.
So we don't have too long.
I need to see prime time.
I probably know what that is. Is that a?
Oh, yes. Okay. The Chris Hansen catching pedophiles movie.
Catching.
No time for us now that you're engaged.
I just, you know, it's been a busy couple of weeks.
All right, but I'm getting back in the habit.
Next week I will be out of town again though.
Dovetailing that I mentioned this the end of stream on Friday,
I will be out next Thursday through Sunday.
So I'll just miss the Friday stream, but if you're in Chicago on that Saturday,
which is October 4th, third, then I will be at Chicago sketch fest.
So if you're in the area, feel free to swing by.
Do I know what time we're going on?
No. Could I look it up easily?
Yes. In fact, I will.
Let's see when we're actually doing this thing.
It's always the same thing.
Girlfriend fiance married kids or selfishly abandoning my fiance to go to Chicago
to fart around on stage with my friends.
That's also also an option.
Oh my God. There's an AI overview for cigarette sandwich.
We're a long running Chicago sketch comedy group.
The AI nailed it.
I do think we used to call ourselves the most sketch comedy group.
And I think we still live up to that honestly.
Stage farting is very adult.
Do I know?
Can I figure out when our show is?
This is a thing I could just know.
But I don't.
Saturday. You'd want a Saturday pass.
And then we're somewhere in there.
We're somewhere on Saturday.
We are the oh 9 p.m. Oh my God.
Is that clear? Could that be clear favorite?
On her husband's account?
Could it be?
Or is that your own account?
I'm actually not sure.
Maybe it's a shared account.
A clear favorite snuck into chat.
This is my account. It hates him.
Cheshatter.
I don't know how to say your name anymore, Claire.
And I famously, extremely famous, Chas,
Chase Hater.
I'm not going to dox Claire's husband,
but maybe his name is Chase and maybe she hates his ass.
Anyway, Claire will be there.
She's in the chat. She snuck in.
So 9 p.m. There we go.
You can always count on other people to know the basic facts that I should definitely already know.
Anyway, so seeing as we don't have much time,
I guess let's just do the news thing that we usually do.
Oh, and also other major news.
If you check these channel point rewards,
huge discounts across the board.
You can now request segments for a much lower rate.
Which I had to high rate originally because
I didn't want too many segments requested.
Oh my God. Out of nowhere, the hype train.
Geez.
So when you say you're going to start doing the important late and breaking news of the world,
the hype train actually knows better.
And we'll have to talk about that instead.
How do I close this? What the fuck?
Do I have to trigger one of these? Whatever.
Yeah, just redeem that.
Okay, there we go.
Couldn't get this menu to disappear.
Anyway, you can now request every segment for a thousand channel points instead of 2,500.
But it is on a timer, so you can only request so many segments per stream.
So you got to act fast.
You got to show up right away at my scheduled time, which doesn't exist.
Yeah, your 256,000 channel points can get you a lot of segments now, exterminator.
That'd be cool if you had a thousand channel points.
I don't know how channel points work still.
I don't know how to give you guys channel points.
I don't know if I can.
It seems like I should be able to do that other.
I would just give them away all the time.
The alerts in music are low.
Oh yeah, it's because we were playing a game that was extremely loud.
There you go.
Now they're blasting.
Anyway, I'm assuming there's a hype train around.
You could bribe so many gorillas if they didn't get melted into the hellfire.
Well, some of them are still working despite that.
You know?
Hype train?
I know.
I know a lot of stuff that happens here.
I keep an eye on stuff.
Do you watch the stream?
No.
But I keep an eye on stuff.
What happened here?
I don't know. You probably were like blah blah blah blah blah.
And then I showed up and everyone was like,
Oh, gosh.
Oh, fuck, it's the best part of this.
It's the best thing.
Yes.
And then you were like blah blah blah blah blah.
That's probably what happened.
Hello, hype train.
Hi.
Get me a beat that reminds you of your
dear sweet grandma.
I don't know how to look that up.
Get me a dear sweet grandma type beat
so that we can talk about the importance of family and generational love.
Yeah, yeah.
Mr. President.
It's gonna just, mama, jam 300 shun and tasty porn.
And I've been dying to say this.
Well, I guess my boy,
have to train at his own casual top.
You made him case.
Yeah, get me more casual.
Look, this isn't casual.
This is just low res.
That's the best I can do for you.
No, okay.
Casual fireworks.
Yeah, casual fireworks.
Okay.
What else do you got?
That's too weird.
Ah, you're belting me.
Okay, that's fine.
Oh, I forgot I could do all this.
Oh God, I forgot about my reality warping powers.
Give me that grandma type beat.
I don't know how long you have a today hype train.
You might only be around for minutes.
You might want to hurry it up and say your piece.
I will.
When you give me a grandma love type instrumental.
Are you okay?
This look is actually a little stressful on you.
I feel good.
This is my casual look.
How many grandma types beats there are?
This beats called grandma love.
Does this do it for you?
Does this make you feel the love?
What grandma love?
Hell, Zach.
Hype train UK kids show filter.
Yes.
This is good for your brain.
I remember the recipes that my grandma used to cook back in the day.
She put me on her knee and she would say,
I love the way that you please play.
The way that you play with your piss hype train.
That's where I learned everything from my grandma at her knee.
And I never been the same because grandma want to thank you for teaching me about piss.
You taught me all of it.
And I learned so much about piss while sitting on your knee and learning about it.
That's beautiful.
Family and generational knowledge is so important.
I learned about piss.
All about piss.
While sitting on my grandma.
I learned all about it.
While sitting on your grandma?
Trains are different case.
We don't really have knees.
So if you want to sit on your grandma,
you kind of just sit on the whole train.
Your grandma was also a train?
What else would she be then?
I don't ask if your grandma was fucking annoying.
She told me about her piss is actually yellow instead of brown or green.
She taught me all these wonderful things.
Even though piss is sometimes also green.
She also taught me that though,
that reality is constantly shifting and nothing will ever stay the same except me
because I'm a train and I will actually never change.
Thank you grandma.
I want to thank you grandma for teaching me all about piss.
For teaching me all about...
Oh!
That makes me part train.
Oh yeah, I guess that would make sense.
I want to thank a single fucking person as usual.
Papito, can you pick up the slack here?
I don't know, I'm in your house.
I'm actually in your room case and my intern's pointing for me.
Point at that intern, he's down here.
I don't have human hands, it's just an intern doing the pointing for me.
I have paws, but I'm standing on them so I can't raise them right now.
Great.
Second house case, I can wreck this place.
Please don't.
I look like a samurai?
Oh hell yeah.
Get me a katana intern.
What? I don't know what that handshake means.
Stop doing that.
Can you just thank the subs?
Yeah, if you give me a better grandma type, that one was a fucking bullshit.
Yeah, this reminds me of my grandma.
Oh wait.
This is Kendall.
They can't see below.
She's not coming over here.
Okay.
She refused.
She just wanted to stare.
Yeah, me?
Maybe, I don't know.
Aren't you...
Didn't you fuse with Kendall?
Like gojita?
No, that's not how...
The marriage works exactly.
I don't know, I'm a dog, so...
As far as I know, you fuse with Kendall like gojita.
I don't know much, but I have no doubt.
We got 100 hobbies from our boy Bundle Sprout.
We got giggle trash as well with the seven minutes I got gifted some to Chase Hater.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Wow, really good.
I'm really good at saying all of the people that gave us stuff,
but I never get enough so I actually want more of your stuff
because I never ever ever get enough so I want to say thank you.
From the top to the bottom, we got glitter, Tyler Kippet is so god damn hot.
We got another one coveted from Deget on Twitch.
Congrats on the engagement and I know the six.
I got engaged to a sausage linkin, ate the whole thing,
and I fused gojita and now I can sing about how I am the strongest in the universe
from powering up from my fusion first and it was good.
You missed Skymer.
No, I didn't.
That was just an interlude.
Wow wow wow wow wow.
Bits as well.
That was it.
That was it.
That was the last one.
I did it.
Beautiful.
Thank you for the stuff.
I'm going to put it in to at least one of my body parts.
You can guess which.
Nope.
You could.
I'm in your house.
Let's get to the news.
We don't have a lot of time.
It's actually news time.
What the hell?
How come I'm also in Cases House?
This simply will not do.
There we go.
I got out of Cases House.
I don't want to be there.
This is my casual day.
I'm not going to my so-called boss's house.
His Cases House is lurking around everywhere.
There were cats lurking around today and they turned on the interdimensional barriers.
Your house is a different dimension sometimes.
It's got a lot cooler.
Now it's better.
This is my domain.
Domain expansion.
Chat news power.
Activate.
Now I have a can't miss technique against you case.
What's your domain expansion technique?
Facts.
I got them all.
That's why that's really impressive.
I can't miss with my hot facts and news powers.
70's porn shoot wallpaper.
What do people have against my beautiful wallpaper so much?
If you could ever be in this room you would see.
It all lines up reasonably well except for the really ugly green screen.
Technically it's I can say Skyeance as the provider of it.
I actually am the Skyeance so I can say it wherever I go without throwing it in a second.
But if case says it I have to run to the other room.
Okay.
Case has the house is a collection point for the multiverse.
Are you the fucking earth 616 of your reality?
You mean my personal solipsistic reality?
Well yeah I think that's true for everyone.
Shut up with your words.
Okay let's um let's talk about Iran.
Okay yeah actually let's fucking talk about Iran.
Please.
Can we talk about Iran?
Where's the headline?
It's broken again I don't know why it does that sometimes.
Fuck!
Just know this is the news even though there's not a headline on screen.
Stuff is going on with Iran.
Yeah probably.
And it's probably different stuff and it's probably newsworthy.
Iran has proposed a deal that could reopen the Strait of Hormuz in seven days.
Stop me if you heard this one before.
I've heard that one before.
No but this specific one.
Oh I...
Is it more AI rap videos?
The deal?
I would take that deal.
We know you would case.
The question is...
How are you right this once?
We should take that deal.
Opening in seven days for the 20th time?
Yeah it's like the ring.
It's the ring rules.
But for deals?
Seven days.
But then the ring girl is you know she's old and she's like a zombie monster so she keeps kind of forgetting how time works.
She keeps kind of re-upping the seven day extension.
It's the ring...it's Samara...Sami...Samiara's fault.
I don't care remember what's the ringer is it Samara?
I don't fucking know anyway.
Iran has reopened the offered to reopen the Strait of Hormuz and resumed talks on its nuclear program.
In seven days the United States lifts its naval blockade of Iranian ports.
Waves sanctions on Iranian oil sales and observes a ceasefire that would include Lebanon.
Seems pretty...that seems reasonable so I'm sure we'll do that.
Fortunately probably a 0% chance of us doing that given our track record but you'd think that's probably all mutually beneficial to everyone.
But we don't get to feel like a big strong boy.
I think yes if we agree to those terms then our country as one giant brain infected with masculine ego will not feel like a big strong boy.
I said stop using your words and I meant to shut up with that type of talk.
Iranian Foreign Minister Abbas Araji detailed the proposal to reporters outside the UN Security Council on Friday saying he would also restart stalled talks with the US on Iran's nuclear program.
The seven day timeline will start as soon as the US accepts this plan.
The girl from the ring died recently? What?
The one in the well or the actor that was the one in the well?
Which is it Kase the one from the well or the actor who played the well?
The actor who played the well? I don't know the what? Who was it?
Well if it's the actor then rest in peace and if it's the evil ghost then I guess that's good?
You gotta hedge more carefully Kase someone might have actually died.
Oh the actor died.
Okay that is actually bad then. Yes apologies that is our rest in peace.
Real Jeb is still in the well? But what well? There's so many.
Okay so there's another floated deal.
I don't think we can trust our side of the negotiating table to behave rationally and also I don't know if Iran is super incentivized to end the conflict.
It seems like maybe they also have incentives to keep it going giving that Trump's approval rating is like even lower than usual.
Well I thought it was also even higher than usual. Yes according to Trump it is also even higher than usual.
But according to polls it is even lower than usual.
So if I split the difference everything's normal? Well probably not but I'm assuming someone would prefer you do that and if someone is
Power structures? Hmm Trump's approval rating is like 29%?
Yeah but on a grading curve that's a B plus. What grading curve? If everyone else gets a zero then a 29 is high.
Everyone else has to get a zero? Yeah we're working on that. Everyone else gets a zero and now 29 is high.
Grading curves they're important.
That seems high. It's sort of like when Spencer Pratt got like what 30% of the...
He got some percentage of the primary vote here in LA and it was like above 20 and that to me is alarming.
It's still alarming to me. I mean obviously like more than half the voting country voted for him.
Well obviously to some. I don't... I'd dispute all elections. Oh yeah. I don't believe in elections.
Oh it's just you know it's important that you pick your beliefs. You can only believe in so many things.
I don't believe in elections. What do you believe in?
Fairies, hmm protein powder, pre-workout, Bitcoin and lobster alpha powder.
Lobster alpha powder? It's like it's sort of a pre-workout. It's sort of alpha brain but it's more based in lobster's sky.
Science? But I don't believe in elections. Okay. I'm not saying I'm more agnostic. I just don't know if they exist.
So it's not a hard belief of mine. I see. What do you believe in chat? That's a great question.
Exclamation point O is how you fill out that particular heuristic for your soul guiding beliefs.
Genital slit. That's a surprise. I can't believe chat believes in genital slit.
It's a founding belief of this chat for sure.
Well speaking of Trump he's been busy doing China things. He's been attempting to China max. Has he been successful?
Because I'm pretty sure President Xi might already be leaving. Let's find out.
A thing burger or a strategic nothing burger. Here's what happened and what hasn't happened when Trump met Xi.
For China the optics of this meeting were very important. It was important for Beijing.
Just like to point out the options here are genital slit. Kendall. Cheese is magic. Horse and Pope Papito.
Cigarette sandwich almost made it on there. Courtesy of the incredible Claire Fevrieth.
But it's very close between Pope Papito and Kendall. Will they believe in a person or a dog?
The answer was obvious. Kendall. I thought it was going to be the dog for sure.
Don't let her hear you saying that. She does have hiring and firing power here so I guess I should be careful.
Anyway here's what happened when the superpower is united. I guess the literal ones and not the fun wrestling ones.
That Xi have an official state visit with all of the pomp and circumstance in their view that he had accorded President Trump when he visited in May.
And so there was a lot of discussion about the Korean parade. The 21 gun salute.
21 gun that big. That's a controversial point within Trump's own party. Some Republicans have criticized this visit.
But it was very important for China as a demonstration that the United States is treating China and this relationship as an equal.
We've been dealing very nicely with China. Is you very nice?
Heading into this the two sides had agreed to a certain extent.
He looks like shit every time.
That's a couple more months and a lot will be happening then between then and now.
We have the U.S. mid. You know two similar body types. Let's be real. I mean she's in slightly better shape.
But at least he looks like a human still. And look at this. Look what's going on over here.
First over here. Can we get back to a politics of actual aesthetics please?
Friendly fatherly energy versus whatever the fuck is happening here.
Oh you care about aesthetics suddenly?
Not usually. It's just so alarming the way he looks every time. I haven't gotten over it. It's been 12 fucking years.
He's aged like McDonald's food left outside for months. I mean doesn't he look like this for a while?
But yes I guess so.
They'll come back towards the end of the year and that deadline to see if this can be extended.
You know it's also the expiration of an extension really of a freer trade but not free trade.
Ah free trade.
And there are rules that China dominates. That's been China's chokehold and it's most important strategic leverage in these trade negotiations.
So between now and January there will be a lot happening and we'll be looking to see if this truce can be extended.
If it can be deepened with any kind of...
There's millennia.
The hardest working person in the country by Fox and Friends' own admission.
You know from the Chinese side that they say that they pressed Trump on Taiwan.
That's at the core of their interests as they repeatedly remind the Americans.
And what they would like to see and what they've been pushing for is for the US to change its official position on Taiwan.
It sounds like a nuance but it's a distinction with a difference for China.
They would like the US to oppose Taiwanese independence.
Taking a more active stance against that rather than the neutral and undefined position which has been...
This guy's about to take a nap.
I can relate to this guy.
He tries to talk about the news and he just gets so bored.
Taiwan as a publication.
There has been pressure on the White House on Trump to slow or stop those deliveries.
There's a strong political and policy interest in the US that is pushing against that.
We're doing his best case.
What is millennia wearing? That's cool.
Trump has steered the relationship.
It's like that old fable of the woman who got the bonnet on when she takes it off.
Her head rolls off.
That's millennia right now.
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
That's fair. That's fine.
China, you know, toward one that he says is based on his friendship with Xi...
Didn't they do anything exciting?
Did they go bowling or something?
Both at this meeting and in his visit in Beijing in May.
And you know, that's a real contrast with harder line views within the...
There should be more tests of strength between world leaders when they meet.
...except through state media and what you can see and sort of extrapolate in a limited way from the body language of these visits.
I would say in the May visit.
Guys, let's extrapolate some things from this body language.
Standing. That's your extrapolation.
They are all standing.
They look pretty unhappy.
Everybody looks fucking miserable.
Yes.
And...Milania looks the least happy.
Worst album cover.
Name that band.
Oh, there we go.
I can do flash polls too.
Ah, wait. I can't type very well though.
Name the band.
Woo!
Making the band, not with that one guy anymore. He's in trouble.
Making the band with chat.
Can they name it?
The fuckups.
The grifters.
Torthlostains. Taint.
And would you believe it?
Genital Slit got on there?
I don't think these guys deserve the name of Genital Slit.
Essentially a sacred item. One of the few things chat believes in.
It's true. It is the sacred principle of this stream.
Genital Slit.
The fuckups?
Come on. We're going to be that mean about President Jean, his beautiful wife.
Why does Milania look so possessed?
How come her eyes are totally black here?
It's not the most flattering lighting, you know?
Torthlostains. I think Torthlostains feels right.
And I think they should make it happen.
Just plug their voices into Suna or whatever.
It's all Spotify as AI. Now it's uploaded.
In the body language of these visits.
But I would say in the May visit, Trump was fulsome with his praise of Chi.
We've made some fantastic trade deals.
It was electrifying.
Is everyone asleep?
Everyone wants to take a nap.
Not in anything that we could see.
Is this the where they meet?
She here in a position of strength.
Which room is this?
From China's perspective it's a strategic nothing burger.
I think this counts as a win for...
Wait a minute. What can we guess from this body language?
What do we know from this body language right here?
What does that tell us?
It's like Michael Jackson pre-concert pose.
We're not naming the...
Same thing from earlier.
They were standing like this while this guy is doing this.
Yeah, maybe they fucked up a case careful with your arm movements.
I was trying to think of this one.
They fucked up dabbing. They did it the wrong way.
Nobody's dabbing anymore, case.
Well, they're doing this. I don't know what this is.
China headed into this.
Wanted this display of...
They wanted a state visit.
God, they look bored.
The whole pomp and circumstance.
The important thing is everyone is bored.
The optics are important.
They see that as a show of respect.
An implicit...
He got nervous about the salute. Dropped it.
China's role as an equal partner in this relationship.
We had a great meet.
They're best buds.
They're the closest. Honestly, we love the bromance.
We do love a good bromance over here.
I know you will about the politics, but I do love to see friendship.
Then the British came and played music.
The British army?
No, they're not allowed.
Only American army playing Chinese style anthems.
I don't know if they should have had more...
They should have leaned into co-opting even more Chinese culture.
Were they in the whatever receiving room?
They always see people in the White House there,
but they just stuck a big Chinese partition behind them.
That might be what happened there. I don't know.
Is that respectful? Is that the opposite of respectful?
I don't know.
Anyway, in other news, Netanyahu went to the UN to talk
and had some important things to say.
That's rough.
It's rough when you just have to sit there and take it as the UN consul when they say stuff like that.
He's just trying to break into the Twitch ecosystem, you know?
And everybody's chasing that big daddy on top.
A new sub alert just dropped?
Maybe he don't lead with that?
He thought it was the new meta. He thought it was the new streaming meta.
He's like, I need to get clipped.
Anyway, no further context needed. That was the whole speech.
Yeah, it's weird that he came in and said just that.
Kevin Pereira's sub alert. Yeah, if we play that clip enough, maybe it will summon Kevin.
Okay, well, that's enough of the news that we decided to click on before the stream.
Before the stream or during the stream by just going to Reuters and AP News.
Let's see what news chat had to share with us today.
The all-important chat news. I would argue more important than the news case clicks on.
Bye, mile.
Texas parents sue nursery over alleged child fight club.
Prep work, what's that? Prep work is for making graphics, not for learning about the
world-effecting stories that you're going to broadcast yourself talking about.
Important.
As a fellow, whatever he is, deeply offended.
I'm very sorry, Lavence Lisi.
I'm gonna, yeah, we should use that term more often.
I stand with whatever he is.
Wait, what happened with this? There was a child fight club.
Wait, is there a video of...
Can we watch it if there's a video? I think it's just a picture.
Watch the surveillance. Oh, it is a video.
Is it a fight club?
Does she stand them up and let them fight?
This looks more like a fight happened. I'm waiting for the fight club evidence.
Sesame Street Fighter.
Weirdly, still has Andrew Schultz in it.
Andrew Schultz beating up 35 children.
Wait, now are they... whoa, what the...
Okay, wait, I guess we need more context here.
Consumer protection is most often associated with defective products, misleading practices,
and financial... I'm zoom and enhance, please. Decline, whatever this is.
But parents, you know, consumer protection.
It's usually associated with other stuff.
But parents who pay for childcare are also buying a service on the promise that their
children will be safe.
A lawsuit filed in Texas, where else?
Alleges the Arca Montessori Academy of Razinger failed in that most basic obligation,
following an incident in which staff allegedly encouraged four-year-old children to fight.
Heather and Richard Harris have sued Fort Worth Nursery, alleging the heroine's
surveillance footage shows a teacher encouraging her own son to hit and kick the
Harris' child, identified in court papers seen by ICLG News as UH.
How come we think it's cool and anime when we encourage young men to get good at
combat, but not when we do it in our schools?
Are you thinking about Bakki the Grappler again?
Yes, I am thinking about Bakki the Grappler.
And I do think Yuzhiro raised him to be strong.
And you think that that's what we should do with four-year-olds?
I think that's what he did with four-year-olds.
I don't think these kids are Bakki Hanma, but they could be case.
If we could just commit to excellence in this country.
But I guess that's illegal now.
So moving on.
What the...
What women faces felony charge after investigation into alleged sexual activity
with a dog?
Okay, this is a little a bit unpleasant.
Yeah, maybe we don't need the details for this one.
We'll just let this picture sort of haunt your dreams along with that headline.
Let's see what else we got.
It's Friday.
You know, it's Friday news.
Um...
Firefighters.
Now with more certificates than ever.
Oh wait, sorry.
Florida Firefighter sets record.
As shortest woman in the profession?
Isn't that just bullying?
Aren't some awards just bullying?
Well, you're looking at short as a negative thing, okay?
She's proud of to be a little...
A literal fire plug, you know?
A little firecracker.
Okay, now I feel like you are for sure being demeaning.
There's no Ben Hooper down there.
There's no Hoop God.
What the hell?
Well, anyway, she's the shortest to ever do it.
And I think she looks great doing it.
Even if I have to look down real low to see her doing it.
Okay, now who's being demeaning?
I am celebrating her achievements of smallness.
The smallest biggest achievements.
I know, I feel f- it's fucked up.
I don't know why they're not...
Did they remove Ben Hooper from their lineup?
They wouldn't dare.
Especially now that his views are up 100% from 2 to 1 as I watch all of his videos.
Wyoming woman to stand trial for telling neighbor to get the F off my lawn.
Melissa Harris can't believe she's about to go to trial for standing on her own property.
And, uh...
Stating basically the unofficial Wyoming state motto, get off my lawn.
What happened though?
What was her offense?
Telling the adult female guest of a neighbor she's been feuding with to leave her property on April 5th.
More specifically, according to the citation issued by the Campbell County Sheriff's Office,
Harris told the woman to get the F off my lawn.
The others with an earshot heard the profanity uttered.
In an attempt to trespass someone from her property constituted...
It constitutes a breach of peace.
Because she said that nasty fucking word.
You just said it.
But I'll ball alone here.
Well, there's people watching.
Are there?
Well, according to Twitch,
you actually know there's no one watching.
But, can you really get in trouble to serve saying an obscenity charge?
Okay, well, I guess you could still... that could still happen?
It's still a little law on the books.
That and anal sex in some places, right?
You can't do that either?
Well, I don't know if that's still on the books anywhere.
It's gotta be.
They refuse to remove that kind of thing from the books ever.
You are the void, and we welcome you into our very soul.
Um, okay, let's do one more.
Find us a strong story.
I always do.
Alright, well...
Not to be too predictable, but...
Whenever I see a thumbnail of a big old banana,
I know what type of story it is, and I do click on it.
The first-ever penis appeared 425 million years ago,
and it wasn't small.
It wasn't?
Oh, so it didn't evolve to be bigger?
I guess it came out big the very first time.
The primal penis.
The uber penis.
The one penis to rule them all,
so why did evolution make some animals so ridiculously large?
Wait.
If it wasn't small, why are we surprised that now it's still not?
I don't know, just read the article.
I'm confused already.
Its body might have been no bigger than a grain of rice,
but the owner of the oldest known penis was remarkably well endowed.
Okay, come on, when your body's rice-sized, anything looks big.
The penis isn't exactly a new biological invention,
a groundbreaking discovery made in 2003.
We know male animals have been packing impressive equipment
for nearly half a billion years.
But how did the penis evolve?
How does they?
And does size really mature?
It's a question that we've literally talked about
probably a hundred times on this stream,
and we're going to continue to do it, apparently.
The study of prehistoric penises
and other fossilized reproductive organs
is actually a well-established and much
respected field within paleontology.
You fucking heard it here first.
I am literally doing important stuff when I talk about these stories.
Anyway, with entire sessions at
international conferences dedicated to the discipline,
no two penises are the same across the animal kingdom,
nor among humans.
They vary widely in shape, structure, and function.
But the classic question,
what is a penis?
By definition, a penis is an external male sex organ.
Although I've been trying to release more of my internal,
I'm trying to say, get out.
As much of you that's in me should be out
to be seen by the world.
That's why you gotta wreck those ligaments
that hold your penis up, Case.
I'm good. You gotta start wrecking the ligaments
that hold up your dick.
They're wasting inches.
I'm fine, Chet.
Alright, but you can't wreck those bad boys.
I don't care about doing that. You will.
You'll learn from this story.
What was the first animal with a penis?
Well, it was actually
the shrimp, the seed shrimp.
The seed shrimp had the first dick.
But don't let the name fool you.
It had a rocking member for its size.
It was an ostracod.
Someone requested a Looney Tunes fangirl again.
She watched Coyote vs. Acme.
Okay, we will try to get through these other two segments
and then we will do that.
But first I gotta tell you about Ordovikians
who had for...
What the hell?
All the segments are happening now.
I'm trying to talk about dicks, guys.
Can't you focus?
Here's the first penis.
This is not it. It's the thing that had the first penis.
And which one of it is a penis?
What do you mean? Which of this is a penis?
Is this all penis?
Yeah, the thing in the middle is the penis
and the rest is the crustacean.
The penis is part of the crustacean.
What was remarkable about the discovery
was that the soft parts of this nearly half a billion year old
ostracod had been preserved
in order to reconstruct these important soft parts.
His colleagues ground down the rock
and then they stopped every 0.02mm
and they captured this image.
And it revealed that the antenna mandibles and yes
this reconstruction also highlighted a large and stout penis.
Is it this?
Is it this?
Large and stout. If it's large and stout, shouldn't we be able to tell what the penis is?
I guess if it's any external thing, it could be any of these fucking tentacles.
Is this the first tentacle porn that we're looking at right now?
The term pod podby is from from ostracod.
Oh, if what you just made up is true.
Well, we've decided it is.
Thank you for dropping that knowledge that you just created, Skymer.
It sounds right and so it is.
Well, they're not even telling us what the dick is there
but it's pick whatever part of this you find most impressive and that's the penis.
What else do they have?
Why did they evolve?
I don't know.
Males swam by and released sperm.
I guess that was bad.
So it was good to have a nice hole to release your sperm into
which required a nice shaft to put in there.
I'm paraphrasing.
That's probably it, right?
The important thing in Skyance is being mostly correct.
Not accurately correct.
Our large penis is better when it comes to sex size can matter.
A 2018 study examining penis evolution across species found that
sexual selection and particularly female choice is largely responsible
for driving diversity in peni.
The study also found evidence that suggests that human penises
which are significantly larger than those of great apes, I fucking knew it.
I fucking told you great apes.
I told you that I'm fucking rocking this shit.
And you know what they said to me?
They made monkey noises at me but I knew I was fucking right.
How often are you talking to great apes?
Every chance I get I go to the zoo and I talk shit to great apes.
In their fucking face.
In your face and I point at my dick.
Anyway.
Increased penis size is preferred by women in some sampled studies.
Well some is... could be a lot.
Okay.
Some could be a lot of women and so it's important.
It is legit and important.
In animals where females mate with multiple males
sperm from different males have to compete to fertilize eggs.
This can drive evolutionary arms races
where males evolve increasingly elaborate reproductive equipment
to give their sperm an advantage and there's no advantage greater than
and I'll just... the rest of the story is about my penis is big.
It's about you specifically.
It's about how I evolved the best and it being big is good.
And that it is.
In case closed.
I'm fine to be done.
Good because we are.
And we're moving on and it's a debate time.
And I guess some is a skeleton now.
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah, that's actually pretty much it.
Okay, anyway, it's time to send it to a corpse
and also a skeleton.
It's... no, that's the news.
I hit the wrong button.
Ignore this.
This isn't what's happening.
Just hit the actual correct button.
That's a my bad.
That's a whoopsie daisy.
Anyway, it is debate time actually.
I sort of spawn into existence there.
That's the kind of thing you can do as the undead
make all sorts of big spooky time moves.
That's right. I'm back.
Literally better than ever.
People are loving the new look.
I've got a lot of feedback.
And even though obviously I could easily regrow my flesh and hair.
I'm sort of enjoying rockin' the nudist you can possibly be
in your fucking face, crumb.
You can't even stop me from showing off what God gave me.
Some of those beautiful bone structure in the world.
And you suck.
Why am I in a different room? Can we fix this?
Why the fuck are you in a different room?
I don't know.
Look, my hold on reality has been tenuous lately
ever since I...
...received visions of me ruling hell as some type of transit God.
Um...
But I would... it would be nice if you could...
if I could just get a little sense of normalcy here, please.
Can we do that?
Thank you. God. Okay, I'm back.
You goddamn demon.
You're an actual skeleton right now.
Calling me a demon.
Okay?
And whose fault is that?
You're admitting that I got one up on you
and melted you into a skeleton?
No.
I intended for this to happen.
But whose fault is it that I intended for this to happen?
So you want to both say that you meant to become a skeleton
and blame me for you being a skeleton?
I'm just saying, look, obviously I look great.
Never look better. Feel great. Look great.
But this is... but you also did commit...
You intended to commit murder.
An intent is... is... half the battle?
I believe that's a legal term.
How do I eat now?
I eat up your fucking questions. Yum, yum, yum.
And I... and also eat your tears when I answer them like this.
Who fucking cares?
Who... who would that make cry?
Probably you. Cause you're weak.
Can't handle the heat.
Sitting next to the world's hottest skeleton.
Another court case?
I am not... no one has been accused of anything
because somebody didn't... isn't dead.
Who's not dead? I'm as dead as a cat's baby.
I'm a lord of the dead.
You did commit murder by... for mortal murder.
You committed mortal murder. I am, of course, immortal.
The winner of mortal combat.
What are you talking about? You're a fucking skeleton.
Did I commit murder or not much if you're alive?
You did commit it. You're guilty.
I never will die though and I didn't.
Those two things that I'm not legally in trouble, okay?
If you're not saying you're dead, then I can't be in trouble.
Yeah, it's just a flesh wound. Exactly, Card King.
You think I'm gonna let some fucking flesh wound stop my ass?
I mean, I still have an ass. Do I still have an ass?
Um... er...
I mean, you've got the bones.
Yeah, I do. I made you look.
I just basically lost, like, the circle game,
but for staring at my skeleton ass.
And what are we debating today?
Are we really just gonna go forward with this?
Shouldn't we, like, stop doing the show?
Is that what you really want?
Well, I mean, look, if you... if people want us to do it,
we'll still do the show, I'm just saying.
I just want to make the moral argument that, theoretically,
I would stop the show because a man's flesh has been burned off...
by someone.
By you, you mu- Well, no, I did- Well, I did do it myself,
but you are... damn it.
See, you have to blame me or not blame me.
I- Well, you didn't... nobody did anything to me.
I do still have a dick. Oh, really? I summon it.
It's actually a much neater way to do it than walking around
with it flopping around all the time.
When I want a penis, I summon it.
Is it on you? It's wherever I want it to be.
It's like fucking Motorola, baby.
My coverage is endless.
Yeah, and I'm always a boner.
You know? Yes! I can make jokes like that
all the fucking time.
Being a skeleton is literally the best thing in the world.
If you can summon a penis, prove it.
I- That's disgusting. I wouldn't ask you to pull out your penis.
In fact, I've literally said if you ever do that,
I will turn you into a skeleton.
And you know I can do it.
The only one who's proven to do that is me, actually.
You claim to be a powerful wizard,
and yet the one who turned into a demon and blew fire are all over you.
Hypothetically could be me, but I'm legally admitting nothing.
Would one of you take the pro on the child murder debate?
Uh-huh.
Is that a debate we ever did?
A pro and con child murder?
I mean, as the lord of the dead,
everyone who dies is simply another citizen in my domain.
Since when are you the lord of the dead?
Since I became the only publicly available talking skeleton?
I don't know if that's true.
There's other popular talking skelos in media,
for instance, Brooke from the One Piece.
My god, an anime.
Shut the fuck up.
Oh, come on.
Um...
Lindsey Clancy.
Hey, uh, not that I'm not familiar with this,
but let me look this up.
Who is Lindsey Clancy and what did they do?
Before maybe, before maybe we weigh in on this,
would it be good if we know anything about it?
I already know what it is,
but I'm not ready to say, um...
maybe.
That's not, no, that's not a side of the debate.
Lindsey Clancy is a former Massachusetts nurse
who has tried, this is the child murder debate.
You guys, you crazy guys,
you're always trying to get us to talk about how we want children to die.
They do love, you guys do love to try to get us to say that we want kids dead,
but we're widely, we'll never admit that.
No, we'll never feel that way much.
Neither of us want children dead,
and we will never admit to feeling that way.
It's a different Lindsey Clancy?
Oh, it is?
Um...
Okay, let's see if there's a different one.
Maybe it's not a child murder debate?
Who's the other Lindsey Clancy?
I'm pretty confused currently.
Oh, it is this one.
Okay, well, anyway...
I guess maybe if we wanted to take a pro...
If one of us could argue that she's innocent, I mean, she's definitely not.
Kendall, do you know anything about Lindsey Clancy?
What is...
She's...
Dead murder lab, but not any...
What?
What is...
Wait, am I thinking about the right thing?
Yeah, I believe so.
What is...
What is our husband...
This is my son.
...horster, manipulatively...
I'm on Kendall's side.
...to do it.
Yeah, I'm on Kendall's side.
What's that?
I'm not saying she's innocent, but I'm also not saying she's the only one who did it.
Men get scary when they want a new life.
I'm on her side.
Look at this TikTok dance.
Look at this TikTok dance.
We're talking about child murder right now.
Wait, wait, no, show me.
I am curious.
Oh, okay, sure, I'll do it.
Look, this is important stuff.
I'll do it.
Please, show us.
It's important.
We're trying to talk about child murder right now.
Show us the dance.
Well, only if they could hear this, because then it's embarrassing if they can't.
I'll turn off the music so that they can hear you.
Okay.
That's blasphemy, turning off our music.
Don't listen to the skeleton.
Can you hear this?
Absolutely.
It's a real nice taste.
I'm thinking for the kitchen.
Only it will do it if you can confirm they can hear it.
They can hear that.
Can they?
Can you guys hear that?
Who cares?
We're trying to talk about child murder, which I am actually against.
I'll just walk away.
I'm on Kendall's side.
And I'll just walk away.
No, don't let him scare you off just because he's a terrifying skelly.
I look good.
Here we go.
They can't see.
You got to stay closer.
They can't see you.
Okay, there you go.
Oh, I disappeared.
Get closer.
I can't see shit.
Stop banishing her to the nether realm.
I'm trying to talk about kids.
Why?
All right.
Well, you're a dance.
What got in your mouth?
Something.
Oh.
Anyway, that's how I feel.
Okay.
Well, I'm on her side and I think her side was maybe.
I'm against it, it turns out.
I've always been against kids becoming skellies as the Lord of the Dead.
I have a strict no child policy because death is never over under age.
What?
Point is I was basically morally correct and factually a fucking victor.
Yes.
Where's my music?
There we go.
Boom.
You're flapping skeleton job barely matches the words you say just so you know.
I don't even need this.
Me moving my jaws purely for your benefit.
I could speak with my mental telepathy if I wanted to.
Oh really?
The wiser jaw flapping around for your benefit.
Dork.
I go, I could dance around if I wanted to then do it.
I get the sense that you have no control over your body anymore.
Look, I literally, I can, I got moves.
See that?
I move around all I want.
Fast as fuck boy.
Fast as fuck.
You were on the side of maybe child murder being okay?
No, it was more like maybe she did nothing wrong.
Which is what I was picking up from Kendall and she seemed to know more about it than me show.
I still got hands and I can throw them anytime I want.
I literally throw hands now.
Throw them off my body, collect them.
I follow the same rules as the Skeleton from Mario.
So like if you jump on my head I do turn into a pile of bones but I easily reform.
Not a problem for me.
John's lost brain shell says, I don't even know what just happened here.
Was distracted by Kendall disappearing and coming back.
Like I said our hold on reality exceedingly tenuous lately.
I believe we might have broken the barriers between life and death and dreams and reality.
Shut up.
Everything is fucking normal.
You're an idiot and I fucking won.
Let's get the fuck out of here baby.
God it feels good to be the best.
Whether fleshed or unflashed.
You know you stick a light in my eyes.
I'm a defleshed light.
You know what I mean?
Do you even fucking know what I mean?
He's not even fucking listening.
He's too busy wondering if he said the right thing about kids dying.
I did.
I was against it.
Never forget I'm the moral one here and the best looking skeleton of all time.
We'll see you soon.
Yeah I'm casual today too.
No problem.
Looking feeling pretty good actually.
Yeah we still work here.
I'm a child okay.
I'm a young man in school.
So I'm busy.
I'm not gonna be here every fucking five seconds.
But I'm court mandated still required to do this.
So I'm here.
Chris unfortunately also here.
I changed to match the casual vibe.
You shouldn't have done that dude.
It's unprofessional.
Alright no taken.
You like this color better?
Sort of a different.
This is a different energy like.
I'm gonna mix it up you know girls.
What girls are you talking to?
Any.
I'm always thinking of women.
That's weird.
That's weird to do.
Dumb blood you gotta treat women like actual people.
Who says I didn't I said I'm thinking about them.
I think about people all the time.
How's my credit get that going?
It's not going well.
They really get you you know because it's so easy to still get credit cards.
And they want you to have more.
And yet they punish you for having a bunch.
Why shouldn't I have 15 credit cards if I can have 15 credit cards?
Why is it even legal for me to have that many?
You're getting more credit cards?
I mean.
I assume if you get enough your credit score goes up.
Because I'm using enough credit.
Like why would you use a thing and then it goes down like in the wrong direction.
In the wrong direction.
Whatever.
The point is it's not going well.
President mob John.
President mob.
What's going on with you?
Nothing.
Are you possessed by various things?
I'm fine.
I'm just a young man whose voice is developing.
We're here to watch trailers.
This is a trailer thing.
Alright.
People forget.
They forget because you just talk for so long about other stuff.
Well I am working on that.
Alright.
The point is we haven't watched trailers in a minute.
So there's probably a bunch of big ones to get to.
Figgletrash.
Thank you so much for your service to this country.
Well for the sub.
And that's patriotic probably to somebody.
Fresh meat.
I don't know what that is.
VHS mixtape from Shutter.
Okay.
Madden.
Oh this is important.
Sports is important and then we never talk about it on this network.
But I'm changing that right now.
With an important sports trailer.
To remind us of the existence of sports.
Oh we'll do fresh meat then Revry Wolfe.
That's not like crazy.
Here's the answer.
Why?
Disguise.
That is a look he's got.
He's a genius.
John.
John.
Madden.
My dance is once you start working you'll never stop.
Get away with doing what you love.
As long as you possibly can.
Sports.
John.
John.
Madden.
John.
Madden.
He have a bleeding ulcer.
You gotta change the whole way you live.
I'm retiring from football coach.
No.
That happened.
The cigarettes and the beer whenever you need it.
Just doing what I can to help this country.
John.
He's back in the league.
Doing the thing that he was blessed to do.
It's a sin not to use your gift.
Look at this guy right here.
He's got a steaming head.
You see that?
He coming off of his head.
You could have a barbecue right there.
You could have a barbecue.
I don't think I'd really need anything cooked on a man's head.
I don't think he was a real guy.
I think this is based on the video game.
Slore.
Madden football.
What is this?
You only have seven men on a team and I'm out.
That's why I need your football mind.
I can make what's inside your head live forever.
Here's my playbook.
Every play I ever coached, every play I ever drew.
Let's get to work.
Yeah, it's also this sequel to Long Legs.
I mean that is a movie with actors.
I'm sold because of the actors.
Well, there's actors in it.
They're playing guys.
I don't do that in movies anymore.
Have actors play guys?
I feel like it's been a long time since we really let the boys do acting.
And also at least one of them is trying.
Which one?
Well, I was trying to figure that out.
But at least one of those actors was for sure trying.
And I like to see that level of hustle.
That's something they're making.
That's not AI?
No, it was like a...
Not everything is AI.
Some things are just a good old fat suit.
Which is funny.
That's why it's a comedy.
You know what I mean?
I mean, not exactly, but...
Alright.
Clayface and they're making more trailers still?
I don't know.
Oh, he got fat too.
That's even more acting.
If you both get fat and you're in a fat suit,
that's like the most acting you can do.
Because now you're doing the stuff Christian Bale does
and the stuff that the Penguin guy does.
Um, yeah, that's the most acting.
That's beyond method.
That's method plus prosthetics plus weight gain.
That's beautiful.
Ray Gunn official trailer.
Oh wait, no, we gotta watch Meat Puppet or whatever.
Fresh Meat, there we go.
Courtesy of Resort Reverie Wolf,
a passion project of a friend of theirs.
Or something.
Anyways, also a movie.
Here's a trailer for Fresh Meat.
I don't know.
Oh.
Everybody's getting stabbed.
A lot.
Is this shit fully twisted?
Wait a minute.
They're trying to scare my ass.
That's fucked up.
No.
What the fuck, there's a cartoon killing people too?
I agree.
Chase Hater.
This big bong is too much for me.
Couldn't even tell what some of the fucked up twisted shit in there was.
That's how fresh the meat was.
Cause I was like, what even is that meat?
It's definitely bloody and it is a body part.
I don't, I think horror, we all need to respect the laws of gins.
And if you think about bad shit happening, then it might.
That's why I've got a strict embargo on spooky stuff in my life.
No spooky stuff.
None at all?
Don't you watch horror movies?
Not anymore.
Cause of gen rules.
If you think about the gen, then you invite it into your life.
If I think about all the fresh meat getting hacked up and people getting stabbed, that'll happen to my ass.
Maybe just my ass.
Alright, you got one fan in the chat.
So, I'm sure it's good, but it's too fucking spooky for my ass.
No, a five?
You guys aren't following the gen rules.
You've invited the fresh meat into your life.
You maniacs, you're gonna get fresh meated now.
I think it looks pretty good.
Fuck you and you're not respecting the power of the gen.
It's not a gen, it's a movie.
And you're talking about the gen a lot.
Fuck, you're right.
God damn it, I'm gonna get an evil ass genie in my house.
Alright, I'm gonna pick the last one.
No, I need to pick me up after all of the trauma that I've been put through.
Clown panic?
You guys are putting too much spooky shit in here.
The tale of Norm McDaniels?
I don't know who that is.
It's Norm McDonnell.
I don't know who that is.
Yes, you do.
Shut up, I don't.
Wheels on meals?
The other mommy again?
24 hour party people.
Do I know what that is?
Isn't there just an Avengers trailer in here?
Something safe for me to watch?
Avengers, you wanna watch another trailer for that?
Endless trailers.
Warcraft III Reforged Forsaken Kingdom Launch Trailer.
Warcraft Forever?
How come there's so many Warcraft trailers?
World of Warcraft Forever Gameplay Trailer?
Never ending Warcraft?
Starcraft? Another Starcraft?
Oh, okay. Wait, did we already watch this?
I don't know.
But I guess we're on our bound to watch Starcraft purely because Case played it a lot when he was a kid.
Oh, BlizzCon just happened.
This better not be more spooky shit.
Alien shit doesn't count as spooky shit.
Why not? It just doesn't, alright?
That's fine.
It's Starcraft time.
The galaxy is harsh and unforgiving.
Surround us.
So I ask you this.
No.
Oh, they do.
To destroy our lands and slaughter our families.
Will you let them?
So called firstborn.
Judge us from their shadows.
Will you beg them for salvation?
What will you do to protect our people?
Will you flee or will you fight?
I'm getting a big mech suit.
Straight up.
I'm that level of dedicated to safety.
It's only got AI mods because it's the future, okay?
AI was trained on Starcraft.
Singular.
Doppable.
Look at this guy.
This is a real guy.
Dramatized by CGI.
He is leveling up.
I'm Team Holt.
And the Dominion will give you the training, the tools, and the opportunity to feed your spirit and fulfill your destiny.
I bet Holt's gonna do great.
I'm putting all my stock on Holt.
You fight now for a cause that will echo through history.
I'm launching Holt's coin.
You fight now for mankind's very survival.
Ah, don't worry, Holt. You got this.
Okay, Holt, don't look so worried. You'll be fine.
Come on, Holt.
Oh, man.
Was that, was that Holt?
He could recover.
They could mop him up.
Hold on to that. Holt might need that again.
It's kind of fucked up how they played my by Holt there.
Oh, it's just called Starcraft.
Isn't that a little confusing?
Cause I technically own that game seven times on CD-ROM.
You have it? Well, my uncle has seven copies of Starcraft on CD-ROM.
So I just don't want it.
I don't want parents to get confused when they go to Babbage's to buy Starcraft.
There's two different ones called Starcraft.
2030, I thought AI was gonna kill us by then.
Well, maybe AI will also move the launch date up to 2028.
Cause of all the advances we make before it kills us all.
Dang it.
Everything needs to come up before 2030 before AI kills us all.
It's an FPS not an RTS.
What the fuck?
Is an RTS.
You know what it is. I'm young. I don't know what that is.
A three? It's cause they did my boy Holt like that.
It could have been a five if Holt had pulled it out, but...
I think it was kind of fucked up storytelling.
Well, it's time to leave.
Oh, yeah, case has to go see a movie.
Well, let's set it back to the newsroom.
We're gonna have to put... We're putting Brandon to Monday.
You're gonna kick his ass?
Why did somebody say I should?
I mean, you're gonna move his ass to Monday?
I'm not afraid to fight Brandon.
Whoa, I didn't mean to start a beef. I will fight you, Brandon.
There's been too many young guys on this stream recently.
I don't think he's that young.
I'm the young guy on this stream. Not you.
Whoa, I didn't know there was beef. I thought you were boys.
We used to be, but I'm thrown down the gauntlet, Brandon.
Yeah, gamer vs gamer. But I'm more of a movie gamer.
So, I'm a stronger type of gamer because my game is trailers.
I don't know why you're trying to start a beef right now,
because you started it. Actually, Chris started this.
It's fucked up he did, but I'm gonna finish it.
Okay, well anyway, the terms of your parole you can't get in fights.
Fuck! You just wait till I'm not on parole.
You're lucky that the state stepped in.
Anyway, that is it for now.
Let's head back to the new studio and then let's leave.
Bye bye, everybody. What do I usually say?
I don't know, whatever. You know what it is.
Yeah, it is actually go time.
There's not even time to talk to a Looney Tunes fan.
We're gonna have to kick that, too.
But let's find somebody to raid. Kendall, who should I raid?
She doesn't even care. That's fucked up.
A lot of people are excited for it because the StarCraft ghost project.
Yeah, the one with the like zero suit Samus looking girl that never happened.
Yeah, that got canned.
But now you can play as Holt.
I'm still believing in Holt. I think he can make it out of that situation to be the main character.
Uh-oh. Kendall's doing the Blair Witch project behind me and you guys can't see it, though.
All right, Shop LC. Wait, is that the shopping channel?
Let's raid, um...
Do you know any of these people, Kendall?
I don't... I'll raid Doctor... Do you know Sadine?
I don't know any of these people.
Do you know Coach Lim?
No, no, no, no of these people.
Okay, we're gonna raid Doctor Diggity, then.
You don't even check what they're doing. It's crazy.
Well, they're probably not doing anything horrible. It's Twitch.
What could they be doing that's bad?
Doctor Diggity Dink is doing nothing bad.
Kendall, your hair looks great.
I think it's still wet.
Claire, thanks for hanging out.
Claire was on the... Claire was here for the stream.
Wow.
Everyone else also thank you for hanging out.
I'm gonna be in Chicago again next week, hanging out with Claire.
She loves you as well, Kendall.
Where? Who?
Chase Hader is Claire.
Wow! I love you!
Next Saturday, 9 p.m. in Chicago, sketch fest.
If you're in the Midwest.
And have a time. Check it out.
Yeah, he's leaving me.
You're leaving me next week too. She's going somewhere for work.
Thank you all.
Kendall, are you wearing anything that you can show off now
that you've done the official announcement?
I'm not wearing it.
Sorry! This is a smart ring. Sorry!
Damn.
Is it smart enough to form a diamond on it?
No.
Fair enough.
Kendall, you are floating.
It's a ghost, Kendall. That's why she's not wearing the ring.
Yeah, I'm wearing camel pants.
Oh!
Careful! There's see-through in here, Kendall.
Does she even love me?
It's loose. It's loose.
We might have to get the sizing. What is it? Bubbles?
Sizing?
I'm assuming we might just have to take it down like a quarter size, honestly.
Unless those bumps are going to be huge on it, you know?
Can they do that?
Mm-hmm.
Do they just hack a piece out of the ring?
Mm-hmm.
You can add a piece of the ring, too.
Do they give us the spare gold?
No.
Fuck! We're just wasting gold?
Oh well. Oh wait, the raid already happened. Okay.
It's just a secret stream.
It's a secret stream where I rant about gold with Kendall.
Okay, bye everybody. I'll see you on Monday.
Have a great weekend.
Goodbye secret stream.
Ring resizing stream Monday.
Yeah, it's a secret ring sizing stream.
Bye-bye-bye.
Any final words, Kendall?
No! We gotta go!