I'm Pupido, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
What the hell was that?
The lay of game.
Good to see everybody
turning this up. Okay.
Eh, eh.
Woo!
He probably was Pupido, are you paying attention at all? Nope. Oh.
That makes sense.
Good to see everybody.
Senator Dev, Sikor, Eldrick, Ray Silva, Bee, Grendel, Matt Liddell.
Live and sleazy in there,
so breechy in there, the master mods themselves.
Yodeling class has to happen today.
I actually, I'm going to be out of town
from Wednesday till Sunday.
So there will be no Wednesday or Friday stream.
So maybe if there's time I'll stream tomorrow,
maybe that'd be the perfect time to work out, finally.
I think I got my laptop set up to stream.
Today we will be doing an additional
DJC4, because we had to rush it so hard last time
and there was a specific request
for a crumb song we didn't do.
So I'm going to punish you all with an additional music.
Be sort of this Friday version.
On a Monday.
The news is sad.
What?
Maybe there's probably some good news in there.
I haven't even looked at what people share and I bet some of it's fun.
A sitting US senator said citizens who live in cities are rats
and he wants to exterminate them.
You know what? I missed that.
But I'd say that's been,
we'll call it the subtext of pretty much
half of what?
Maybe 90% of what politicians say?
See, Senator Peter Gibbon would never say that.
He loves the rats.
And he would be saying that as a positive thing.
He wishes we were all rats.
Speaking of Senator Peter Gibbon,
we're also preparing to go into the wall still.
It's still just kind of haunting me.
In fact, I have to do that at some point.
But we will go into the wall slit.
Yes, it is a wall slit.
That's a good point, man. I should call it that.
You should call her the senator who said that.
What senator said that?
If I search Senator rats, will it come up immediately?
Oh, Alabama's, oh, Tommy Tuberville.
They always have such cartoon ass names,
as they say insanely racist shit.
Or who knows, maybe in this case just anti-human.
Public and Senator Tommy Tuberville of Alabama
has announced he's running for governor of his home state.
The football coach turned lawmaker announced his run yesterday
with the launch of a campaign website.
Is this the rats guy?
Tuberville, a staunch ally of President Trump,
enters the race as the favorite to replace current governor K.I.B.,
who's finishing her second term.
Tuberville is the second sitting senator to launch a bid for governor this year,
following Democratic Senator Michael Bennett of Colorado.
And the coach to Senator Pipeline could continue in Alabama,
one of the names being floated.
And all these coaches becoming senators.
It is depressing that just coaching any major American football
or basketball team is such a good way to become politically powerful.
You only got promoted because everyone else got head coaching jobs elsewhere.
Politics is traditionally like Hollywood for ugly people,
but it could also be like coaching for really stupid people.
It's a great place for everyone who sucks.
Unless I agree with you, in which case you're a genius.
The one piece is real.
I believe Coach McGurk for Senate.
I wonder if he's still around.
He kind of didn't leave even though he said he was going to.
He, last I checked, he was just still in the studio.
But maybe he's not.
We'll see. We'll see.
If he gets, if we even go there today.
Around this time, a couple of years ago,
Republican Senator Tommy Tuberville of Alabama
shared some thoughts about the public school teachers in the inner city.
I don't even want to read this.
All I wanted to hear was who called everybody rats.
What did he say?
What's the rat stuff that he said?
Making me wait for the rat stuff.
Oh, okay. This is actually really unsurprisingly,
totally repellent.
And I'm not even sure if I should read it.
He said President Trump can do anything he wants when it comes to the federal.
To the Fed.
Again, these inner city rats, they live off the federal government.
And that's one reason where $37 trillion is in debt.
Conservatism never fucking changes.
The talking points legitimately just always stay the same.
Different coach, same name.
I don't know who Tommy Tubgirl is.
I guess we are going there today.
Wait, let me do a little housekeeping really quick.
Listen to this song while I do housekeeping.
What songs do I have that I can just...
There you go.
Okay.
Ice club.
You can always hit the club girl button while I fix something.
Get in believe it when I saw you run the club.
To the C.
Run the club.
Run the club.
Ice club.
Ice club.
Ice club.
There we go.
Can I fix what I need to do?
I can't damn climb.
Alright guys, trying to fix everything.
It's not working the way I want it to.
Okay.
I almost hit it wrong.
She'll run the club.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
It's broken.
I'll fix it later.
Okay.
You get the club girl song.
Maybe I should have let it play all the way through.
Alright, we have to do yodeling class today.
I don't even know what that means exactly, but we'll figure it out.
Good to see everyone again.
Sometimes I just don't have time to fix the stream before I stream.
You have to do it on stream.
But that just leaves more time now.
For us to do news, let's see what the news is.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
You know it's a good Monday.
When in fact on the plate is the cheddar.
Of which is my nickname, except of the big variety.
Big cheddar that it is. Good to see you all.
Sorry.
Hey, stop hitting all the buttons.
My bad.
What was your name again?
You know my fucking name.
I'm so excited in such a confusing way.
It's big cheddar.
In case everyone's as slow as case.
Except I bet it's just you case.
You feeling okay today?
I feel fucking fine.
I'm doing fine.
What are we talking about?
I don't know.
There's lots of...
There's various unpleasant stories I could click on.
Maybe I should reverse the order here.
Maybe we do all the stories chat shared up top.
And then I do the depressing stories later.
That'd be so great because then I can
don't have to read all this fucking nasty bullshit.
And that never mind. Let's do it this way.
Why are you teasing me?
With the potential of a good time that's immediately taken away.
Okay.
Um...
Is it allowed to be done that way?
No, I've decided it's not.
You're so vindictive.
Jesus.
He's a monster.
He's an actual monster.
Why is this loading so goddamn weird?
Alright, this...
Sucks.
These websites get worse and worse.
Every goddamn day.
Alright, whatever. Let's talk about this fucking bill or something.
Everybody wants to know about the big
butthole bill.
It's big. It's beautiful.
It's going to...
I guess be a zesty, sexy, large bill?
Is that what I'm led to believe about, said bill?
With this kind of fun branding,
how could it be destructive to anything?
That's a decent question.
And now we answer it through the power of reading.
Senate begins voting on Trump's massive bill as Republicans
race towards final passage.
The 940-page legislation which the Senate advanced
on a 51-49 vote.
It's a game of inches.
And two two-inch tall senators
got us over the finish line.
I think they're probably taller than that.
Game of inches case, probably not.
Saturday they did that.
They were still taking shape...
Wait, the...
The legislation was still taking shape on Saturday.
Even as the Votorama begin,
that's in quotes from NBC News.
I don't know who said Votorama,
but apparently somebody.
Anyway, the Votorama is a...
Anyway, the Votorama is a process in which senators can offer
an unlimited number of amendments
with GOP leaders hoping to use it to satisfy concerns
from wavering factions.
They're doing this.
Whoa, are you gonna make me get not elected
because of all the Medicare you're taking away?
I'm guessing that's a concern.
Even Marjorie Taylor Greene, courtesy of Schumer,
doesn't like it.
Of course she did not read it beforehand
and voted for it.
Yes, they'll all fall in line
behind whatever the president demands, eventually.
Which I suspect they would have done in the case of
other really unpopular issues, like bombing around, but...
Hopefully that's not a thing we're gonna keep doing.
One bad thing at a time, case please.
Republicans need to hold 50 of their 53 senators
to pass the bill.
They have lost Rand Paul of Kentucky.
Rand Paul being principled?
Well, you know, he's a...
Why am I forgetting...
Why am I forgetting the name of what he is?
A radical? Oh, libertarian.
Is that radical?
Well, he's more libertarian than many senators.
A douche is also, I think, what he is.
Card King.
Card King gets it.
Libertarian son.
Liberty son.
Was it Read My Gash 2?
I lost track of what they're talking about.
I don't know, but...
Whatever that comment is, I guess I support it.
Read My Gash, says Daedalus.
I don't know, I gotta look at chat more carefully.
Anyway, Republican Rand Paul is like,
nah, I'm too libertarian for this shit.
He complained that it would add too much to the national debt.
Oh, that's the reason.
Yeah, it's not because people will be kicked off Medicaid
and there's like a trillion dollar tax cut for the rich.
He'd love a complete tax cut for the rich, I'm sure.
One of the reasons why Card King listed him as a member of a different party
other than libertarian.
Well, libertarian isn't a party, but there ain't no party like a libertarian party.
Because all the drugs are untaxed.
All our drugs that are illegal are untaxed because we can't tax them.
That's what you think. You should talk to the CIA.
They have some ideas.
Anyway, Kentucky complained that it would add too much to the national debt.
Rand Paul of Kentucky.
And Tom Tillis of North Carolina who blasted the Medicaid cut
says damaging to his home state.
Oh my God, someone who actually cares about Medicaid.
Tom Tillis.
There's a couple of political instincts there.
If you follow politics, you might have noticed over the years
that Medicaid is one of those things that they're always terrified to openly cut.
They try to sneak around and add sneak cuts and stuff.
This one is so obvious that I do think supporting it could hurt a lot of these, you know,
Republican zombies that I don't really care if they get voted out anyway.
You'd think they would have a sense of self-preservation and not.
Then again, being a conservative nowadays just seems to be getting behind the president.
So maybe that political calculus of mine doesn't make sense anymore.
Well, they're doing all the math.
And here's part of it.
So what do I tell 663,000 people?
This is Tom Tillis saying this.
What do I tell 663,000 people in two years or three years
when President Trump breaks his promise by pushing them off Medicaid?
Well, because the president said, look, there's big cuts in here, but we won't.
Oh, yeah, you guys got to take him at his word.
I can't think of a single time he's lied.
So I bet it'll be fine till it said amateurs are advising Trump
and conflating longstanding health care policy with waste fraud and abuse.
Hours earlier, he announced that he won't run for reelection in 2026
after having clashed with Trump over his opposition.
He immediately got pushed out of the party.
Oh, this is so he announced he wouldn't run for reelection
and then voted against the bill.
There's no room for turncoats on this pirate ship.
You will get no health care and like it.
Pirate ship America 2028.
Is that like spaceship Earth, but the pirate style and only Americans, please.
Don't worry, measles and mumps will half the population.
Would that make Medicare cheaper?
You know what? Probably not.
So it's all bad if half the population dies.
I'd say that's most likely all bad yet.
Remember when the Republicans love the filibuster,
well now they just weakened it for this bill.
Well, never underestimate the Republican Party
for actually having the political instincts
to get their terrible agenda passed while Democrats just,
you know, kind of roll over and stick their bellies in the air,
rub a little jelly on it, a jelly belly.
But literally just rubbing jelly on the belly.
Does that feel good? Probably feels good.
Well, then I get why they're doing it.
That sounds fun.
Lara Trump, Rick's wife is going to run for his seat.
I don't know who W. Rick is, but anyway, she's going to run for his seat.
So all the Trumps run things.
Endless Trumps forever.
Perfect Trumps forever.
Bring the hype train.
I just hope the consensus rejects the bill.
Well, there's still a chance it could not get passed.
It's going to probably get passed, to be perfectly honest.
Eric's wife.
Oh yeah, Eric Trump's wife.
Trump mobile guys were on the move.
This country is Trump mobilized.
Senator Susan Collins of Maine voted to advance the bill Saturday,
but told NBC News on Monday she was willing,
she was still leaning against it on final passage.
Okay, so we haven't hit the final destination yet.
She expressed concerns with the Medicaid cuts
and said she prefers raising taxes on high earners,
calling those two of the most important things she wants addressed.
Wait a minute, a Republican is suggesting we tax the rich?
Has everybody gone Zoran brained?
Mom Donnie Nation, baby.
I maybe I mean, that is surprising for Republican.
I guess she's Republican from Maine.
So maybe some of that Vermont is leaking into the main area.
She's only sometimes a Republican.
That's my favorite type.
Is your I bet your favorite type is never Republican.
I mean, I said my favorite type of Republican.
Our IP USA.
We could come up with a better epitaph than that for our giant national tombstone.
The tomb of the forgotten nation.
And we have we sell two soldiers walk around a site at looking all in.
At least we go out on top.
What are you talking about?
I'm planning for the funeral for the country.
There are going to be a gazillion more amendments tonight said Collins equivocating.
I still have concerns about snap and Medicaid.
Murkowski told reporters that's Murkowski of Alaska, another Republican.
There are still pieces in the bill that are continuing to be reviewed.
And so it is not yet been fully firmed in terms of some of the provisions.
We used to be somebody.
And now I'm a super buddy.
I think I'm better than ever.
While this country burns, my metabolic furnace burns, growing even more muscle mass for me.
Sorry, everybody.
That's just the way it is.
I can't relate to rot.
Institutional rot because the institution of Chet has never been fucking stronger.
I know that's not relatable.
I'm just telling it like it is.
I'm glad you're doing well.
Me too.
Me too, man.
All right, yeah.
Don't talk for me.
Yeah.
Fuck.
While Republicans voted on a number of Democratic led amendments designed to take the bill off the floor and Senate to committee Collins and Murkowski.
Wait, is that the guy from Monsters, Inc.
Did we get let the one-eyed green monster to the Senate?
I think you're thinking of Wazowski.
That's too bad because I like him.
He's a funny little guy.
Anyway, Collins and Murkowski notably voted for some of them, including Senator Ed Markey to revise provisions on rural hospitals.
The hospitality industry is huge hospital.
Exactly.
You think of it.
You just think of a hotel.
It's just a hotel, but it's a whole industry hospital.
The GOP is using a budget trick known as current policy baseline to hide the cost of extending the tax cuts Trump signed into law in 2017, effectively lowering the sticker price by 3.8.
There's a big number.
Trillion.
The tactic hasn't been used in the budget process before and it sets a precedent to weaken the Senate's 60 vote rule.
Oh wait, I think I skipped a paragraph that makes it clear what we're talking about.
The nonpartisan congressional budget office projects that the Senate bill would increase the national debt by 3.3 trillion over the next 10 years.
If on the revenue would fall by 4.5 trillion and spending would be cut by 1.2 trillion.
The bill also projected to lead 11.8 million people losing their health insurance by 2034.
So we have time to prepare for, you know, if we get a cold going into permanent debt.
ChatGPT glitched out there for a second.
What do you mean by that?
I'm fine.
You just said you were doing really well.
I'm doing good.
Are you on a new pre-workout?
Yeah.
It's good.
It's a good one.
It gives me a lot of energy.
It has sort of a sign curve to it.
A dolphin jump kind of curve.
So it brings me up and pushes me down pretty quickly.
Why do you take a pre-workout for this stream?
Because I take everything seriously.
100% effort.
I'm not going to take pre-workout or something that I'm doing 100%.
I'm going to take all over you.
Okay.
2034 sounds like a future problem.
That's exactly what are we supposed to do.
Plan for our future.
That's not what this country is about.
Short-term gains lead to long-term being big as hell.
That's at least how I work out.
That's why I max every set.
Four reps.
You max four reps.
That's right.
That's all we're trying to do in this country is max four reps.
That doesn't really work.
You can't do reps and max.
But once we square that circle, there's limitless growth case.
The Senate voted 53 to 47 to green light the new baseline Monday with all Republicans
voting in favor.
The new baseline of debt.
I'm less worried about the national debt than people's services being cut.
We seem to always find ways to just increase the debt.
I know that there's all sorts of talk about other countries eventually calling our bluff
or us defaulting on the various bonds that we sell.
But part of me feels like the debt's imaginary and will be fine.
And that the main thing they're doing is finding ways to justify cutting the few remaining welfare
programs in the country.
Oh, financial expert case.
I'm not an expert.
Obviously the debt could destroy us all.
But I don't know.
It's been this looming threat for what?
Ever?
Forever.
Yeah.
I think since the donut time.
So I don't know.
It's just commonly used as a justification to free Republicans to do whatever the fuck
they want.
Meanwhile, the debt always goes up.
So I'm not that worried about that part.
But the 11 million people losing their health insurance does seem pretty bad.
The debt is a lie.
I mean, one could argue.
Money is a SoCal construction project.
Yeah, SoCal construction project.
I've always said that money is a SoCal construction project.
Southern California loves their money.
The legislation would also slash taxes on tips and overtime pay.
It includes a $150 billion boost to military spending.
Oh, they're still getting some money.
That's good.
Along with a surge in federal money to carry out Trump's mass deportations.
Oh, that's what we're still spending on.
You're paying off your debt in three years.
Congratulations.
That puts you ahead of thinking about 99% of Americans paying off your debt.
It's a rare thing.
So really congratulations, big J Dubb.
The debt doesn't matter as long as the USA is at the top of the heap.
Yeah, I mean, I think the real threat of the debt is as our empire's ability
to exert influence militaristically.
Inevitably happens in my opinion, although that could happen extremely violently
as we go out kicking and streaming screaming from the top of the global stage.
But I suspect eventually our military imperial might will wane a little bit.
And once those bases, those hundreds of bases we have spread across the globe
don't exert the same influence that they used to.
I could imagine then the debt being a problem.
But again, the US is kind of a necessary node in a system of global consumption
at least currently.
So there's really no incentive for most countries,
particularly our allies, to call us on the debt
or make our entire country financially insolvent.
So that's why I feel like it's kind of an imaginary problem.
What?
I don't even really know what I said.
Anyway, kicking and streaming, the Case Blackwell story, that's pretty good.
Cast yourself as an eight-year-old soccer player who loves to stream
and then market it as your own story.
You can call it diary of a fucked-up idiot.
You already said that it's kicking and streaming.
No, that's the parentheses.
Kicking and streaming parentheses, diary of a fucked-up idiot.
Parentheses kid.
That's a really long title.
But I think it's a winner.
Narrated by Kyle.
You don't even know Kyle.
Only I know Kyle.
It's being weird now.
Last thing I'll say about this.
It includes a five trillion increase in the debt ceiling ahead of August.
The permanent tax relief included in our bill means Americans keep more of their hard-earned money
and American businesses growing and investing in our country.
It said Senate Majority Leader John Doon, Thune, whatever.
It also includes a big old fucking tax break for the rich.
Ballin.
Can't argue with that.
I would argue with that.
But I can't.
I'm kind of how ballin' I am.
What am I going to say no to another trillion dollars in my pocket?
There's nobody.
There's nobody that we know of with a trillion dollars in their pocket.
Well, whatever.
I have a lot of money is my point.
So like I kind of can't again.
I'm like, they're doing so well.
I can't relate to people.
Oh, I'm crashing.
I'm crashing a little bit.
Take over.
I need it.
Okay.
Shut straight up.
Falling asleep.
Seemingly.
Oh, I got a cretin.
Cretin put down the knife.
I got your money.
Cretin.
Okay.
Seems to be having a dream about cretin mugging him.
Give him another line of pre-workout.
That could be a good idea.
If I want him to talk more.
All right.
Well, while we're on the doom news, I guess let's talk about the war.
The most hilarious war is in the Middle East.
This one is depressing on a level that, you know, there's really no way to make it fun to talk about.
So we'll just read it a little bit just for your every three week Gaza update from case, which I know you're all just waiting for.
Israel slaughters dozens in attack on popular Gaza cafe as Trump claims a ceasefire deal is moving forward.
Military bombarded Palestinians across the Gaza Strip on today Monday with airstrikes in artillery killing at least 80 cents dawn in northern Gaza at least four schools that shelter hundreds of families were bombed in addition to homes and other civilian areas in Dair al Bala the al Aqsa martyrs hospital complex was also struck.
And you know, if that sounds shocking, which hopefully it does, it's shocking in a way that happens literally every day.
That's what's been happening seemingly every time I check in on the news every morning.
There's another a food line gets, you know, machine gun and bombed 80 people dead 100 people dead literally every day.
So, you know, nothing, nothing I can say about that other than just, you know, it's a thing.
We should all be aware of and this is in the context of again Trump saying, oh, we're going to get a ceasefire.
Also in the context of everyone demanding fealty pledges from like New York mayors to Israel.
So that's another dark and depressing situation.
But don't let you know.
It's not really helpful for us to feel bad.
Anything any of us can do to support or spread awareness of it is good at this point.
I think there's still surprisingly people who are checked out of that situation.
But I think as the election in New York showed, there's also a lot of people who aren't.
And I do think the spreading awareness of just how absurd everything is real and to be clear the United States fully backing them is doing.
Is eventually going to make a dent.
And we just have to keep, we have to keep the unrest going is my opinion on it.
Anyway, chat.
What?
Okay, I think you're you got to get out of here for the day.
Man, I'm ready to go.
You know.
Okay.
Unfortunately, unless the states rise up, it's not a civil war, just a disturbance.
I don't know if we're headed to a civil war to be perfectly honest, but I do think public sentiment at least is slowly turning against Israel.
And although it feels more and more like the opinion of the public doesn't matter in politics, that could easily change.
And I my hope is that it will.
And I do think there's at least an avenue if people become just 20% more aware of what's going on in the world that will eventually start to.
I don't know, elect politicians that are 20% better.
And maybe we can start pushing in a different direction.
But that is pretty optimistic.
Given the state of things, but hey, we may as well be optimists.
Being a pessimist just gets you to sit in a room talking to yourself.
You know what I mean, chat?
I don't know what you fucking mean at all.
I legitimately wasn't paying attention.
Okay, cool.
Anyway, that's all the time for the news of which I said quickly about the bill.
And I think we talked about anything else, which is good for me.
And I'm with the but uh, um, what's the who's a goodbye and where does it leave?
I'm jet. See you later.
Hey guys.
Excuse me.
It's me, Jeff.
What?
Yeah.
Who are you?
It's me, your son.
What?
Oh, did you notice I look a little different?
Yeah, that's right.
I lost a little bit of weight.
Are you sure?
You did don't look like you did.
No, I look my face is totally different.
This is how I look when I lose weight.
Where were you storing the weight?
Mostly in my nose and chin.
That's still looking weird, Jeff.
I also fell down a well.
Smashed my face at the bottom of it.
The well was surprisingly empty even though it was supposed to be full of the dark liquid of eternity.
Uh, but I smashed my face.
I landed face first in the stone bottom.
I landed face first in the stone bottom of a 40 foot well.
What?
Anyway, they had to do some light facial reconstructive surgery on me, but I'm still the same guy.
Excuse me.
What?
Still the same guy.
My voice changed.
What do you mean?
I feel like I'm exactly the same.
Are you some kind of monster demon inhabiting a body that's somewhat close to the body of my son?
What an odd thing to say.
No.
Reconstructed face like Brutus the Barber Beefcake.
In a sense, sure.
I missed all of you.
It was a long road to recovery.
I honestly, I was going to tell you all what was going on.
I was just so embarrassed that I slipped.
I slipped on a bunch of mustard.
I'd like a really mustardy hotdog.
And I was eating a mustard hotdog next to my well.
And one thing led to another and splub-loop.
My jaw hanging off.
What a mess.
Jesus.
Might as well put the wood embedded ghost of Jeb's dad in the chipper.
How would you like that, Dad?
Do you want me to feed you to the wood chipper?
What the fuck, son?
A little bit.
Oh, I'm not going to.
I thought you'd say no.
Well, would it release me?
Would I finally be free?
Probably not.
Who knows how that would work.
Better to be safe and not do it.
Anyway, today we have to learn how to yodel.
That's fun, right?
You look so fucking weird.
You're a ghost in the wood, you're dead, Dad.
Oh my God, you're right.
No one's reminded me in too long.
Yeah.
So who are you saying looks weird now?
I just don't understand if you got facial reconstructive surgery.
Why did you construct it like this?
I just wanted them to get me to look the same.
And they were looking at a photo of how I used to look and they're like,
well, that can't be right.
And this is the best they could do.
If anyone has a surgeon they could recommend,
for instance, say you go on Snapchat and find a filter of how I used to look.
I will gladly get facial reconstructive surgery to look like that.
But I just couldn't.
Every plastic surgeon I went to said,
I can't make a face like that.
And I said, okay, that's crazy because before I looked so good.
What fine.
This is the best they could do.
This is the best they could do.
There is a thread for that, by the way.
There's a thread in the, there's a thread.
In case you find a surgeon,
and by surgeon I mean Snapchat filter that looks like my old face.
Jab hunt.
Was I on the run?
I think I was running from myself.
I was running from, you know, really coming to terms
with being such a clumsy blockhead.
A little blocky, a literal block,
blockhead kind of, because my face is even more square than it used to be.
You look more like Peter than Jeb.
Wow.
That's really mean to say.
That's really mean to say.
But, fortunately I took the time I needed
to be comfortable with this new face.
And your little insults and barbs can't reach me.
I'm glad you're not mad.
You're not mad at all.
Apparently there was no saving my neck.
The neck was fine.
My neck is the same, thank you very much.
Okay.
Anyway, what kind of stuff have you been learning while I've gone?
Nothing.
I haven't learned a fucking thing.
Man, that's a pretty negative attitude, daddy.
I feel like you could do better than that.
Let's do two how-tos, and then we'll check out a yodeling one.
Yodeling class, there's gotta be a yodeling how-to.
Sure, I'm assuming.
You look like you're about to be in a rerun of 90-day fiancé.
All I'm hearing is TV stars, so that's fine by me.
I feel good about that.
I'm used to my face.
It's fine.
Everything's okay.
Is that how you smile now?
That's how I've always smiled.
There's already a yodeling one.
There's several yodeling ones.
Okay, let's just do all yodeling today.
We'll run through a couple different yodeling ones.
And by the time I've watched three, I'm bound to be an expert.
Okay, it's yodeling class.
That's not yodeling.
That's just me warming up my voice.
Okay, let's see what we've got.
Okay, he can do it. I get it. He can do it.
Also, yes, I'm aware that my brother is a world-class plastic surgeon, but...
He's busy, okay?
It's not a pride thing. He's just got a full schedule.
That was a real yodeling.
A very special, unique...
The alteration of the chest and voice and head voice is a characteristic of yodeling.
The yodeling is the constant change from the chest voice to the head voice.
The chest voice is the same as the chest voice.
Okay.
Is that normal singing? I don't even know.
Very different. The head voice.
It is high and clear and originates in the throat.
Okay, how do I do that, though?
Yodeling is the alteration of chest and head voice.
Oh, that's how they spell yodeling? I didn't know that.
Yodeling was used to communicate in the mountains.
I live in the flat plains, though.
From mountain top to mountain top, they'd yodel at each other.
When my brother visits me, we like to sit and yodel together.
We sing together and sing with each other.
What am I supposed to do?
I don't know, use your head voice.
Let me turn this down for you guys.
That's still maxed out for you. Let me move this further away.
I'm trying to get it out of my neck.
There's just so much neck to get it out of.
It's really hard.
Maybe another video will help me understand.
I don't have enough throat left.
They did have to use some of my throat to make my face.
So maybe I have limited vocal cord flexibility at this point.
But if I just really try, I can learn to do anything.
So maybe we just need another video.
This is lesson one from Beth Williams on how to yodel.
She spells it with a Y.
But the German spelling seems to involve a J.
That's another thing I learned.
Hi, I'm Beth Williams.
Beth Williams Music Hill Country Recording Plus Video.
Thank you so much for stopping by.
I wanted to do a quick lesson today on how to yodel.
I'm a singer-songwriter, but I also do a little bit of yodeling.
People often ask me, how do you do that yodeling?
It looks so hard and they think you have something special in your throat.
Something special you do.
Really, it's not. It's just a secret.
All it is for you is you take a fast yodel, slow it down, memorize it,
and then just speed it back up.
Over and over again until you get it fast.
This is lesson one.
I'm going to show you the first part of a yodel that I'm going to teach you later.
Let me show you how it would be fast.
Okay?
O-D-O-D-I-E-E-A-Y-O-O-D
You can do it faster.
No, don't.
O-D-O-D-I-E-A-Y-O-O-D
So now I'm going to teach it to you.
It's easy peasy.
Repeat after me.
O-D-O
O-D-O
D-I-D-A
Yay, your lo-ho-dee
Yay, your lo-ho-dee
O-D-O
Everybody
Yeah
Yay, your lo-ho-dee
Yay, your lo-ho-dee
Yay, your lo-ho-dee
Yodelohody. So to do it all together. No, I'm not ready. O-O-D-O-D-I-D-A-E-A Yodelohody.
Try it again. O-D-O-D-I-D-A-E-A Yodelohody. And I'll have those. O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
Yodelohody. I'll have it written down so you can follow along. So let's try it.
Yodelohody. Yodelohody. O-D-O-D-I-D-A-E-A-E-A-E-A-E-O-D.
Oh, he can do it already.
Muddlesbrough, thank you for the 32 months. That's really encouraging because this is difficult.
And I need all the help I can get. And that's really kind of you.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody. O-D-O-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
Okay, I'm kind of remembering it now.
You need to show your teeth. You know, you've got a smile when you hit that high note.
Show your teeth. And that's how you're able to hit it because the sound goes like that.
Okay, let's try it again.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
One smile.
What?
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
Yalohody.
You could just practice that over and over again. And then you can do it with me a little quicker.
Just like this.
Yeah.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
Again.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
Again.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
I'm going to show you the rest of it that I'll teach you next time on the next video.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
Oh my god.
Just a little bit faster.
No!
Uh.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
Sorry everybody.
I almost had a full on panic attack.
I did see the well.
I felt like I was in it again.
With no sensation anywhere in my body.
Just pure darkness, no water.
Lusie's he said O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
O-D-O-D-I-D-A-Yalohody.
How come the president's so good at it?
Well I guess because he's the president.
He's not anymore.
Oh no.
Did that happen while I was in the well?
How long were you gone?
I can't remember.
Maybe?
Who's president now?
I'm pretty sure you were around for the election.
Assuming you're my son.
I'm your son, daddy.
It's me.
Your son.
Okay.
Also your daddy near in the wood.
Also your daddy near in the wood.
Oh!
That was a cheap.
That was a low blow.
Oh my god, but I am.
Oh man.
Tim Allen is the president.
Oh.
I guess we're home improving the nation.
I should stick to yodeling, which I also can't do.
Oh boy.
Into the chipper jet's dead goes.
That's a fun joke.
I could feed you to the wood chipper any time.
Is that a joke?
Yeah.
I'm just kidding.
Feels more like abuse.
You just don't have a sense of humor, daddy.
You're too old fashioned.
All right, let's do one more.
Then we'll put it all together.
I'm wearing it as something.
Then we'll put it all together.
An old freestyle, a yodel.
A beat to yodel too.
Something that I've always wanted to ask you.
Now, you know, I played you in the picture and you are you and I am me.
And since you are you and I was you and well, since you're here and I'm here
and I was you.
I want to know how was I?
How was you?
Yes.
As you.
You were absolutely wonderful.
But.
Oh.
But what?
Remember that yodeling in the little goat's head?
Yes.
You know, Julie, there is yodeling and yodeling.
I was only yodeling.
I see.
Is there anything we can do about that?
Would you be interested if I show you a tiny little genuine little Austrian yodeling?
Yes.
I mean, even after the fact, it's better to learn how to yodel.
You got to hurry up and do it.
All right.
Teach me.
I should sing that right.
Yeah.
Okay.
It seems to help.
In the head I go.
Hard daddy.
You.
What?
It's difficult.
Geez, Jeb.
Just say it differently.
Daddy, it's hard though.
Just try to try to put it all together, son.
Just let's just get out of here.
Okay.
I'm freestyle yodel beat.
Let's see.
I was just a yodel beat.
It's from T-Rolls World Tour.
I don't get it though.
How am I supposed to yodel to this?
That's all I got.
Okay.
That's honestly, but I can't really tell.
It's fine.
Thank you.
That was after all my training.
Chet, send your dad to the chipper.
And it ain't a joke.
I'm not Chet.
I'm Jeb.
And we're sure about that?
Of course.
It's me, Jeb.
A little high in my seat today.
There we go.
All right.
Well, I'm good.
It's good to see you, son.
You too, daddy.
I missed you.
I, you know, I don't experience time super normally
on account of being dead and in the wood.
Oh, God.
Yep.
But I suppose if I did, I would have missed you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You would have missed me.
All right.
Okay.
Well, that's probably all the time we have.
Yeah, that's gotta be it for the day.
So let's send it out of here for now.
It's really good to see all of you again.
And I won't be going anywhere anytime soon.
I'll be right here waiting.
See you soon.
Bye-bye.
Let's do the fun news and then a debate.
Yeah, more news.
Hey, this is the news chat shared.
So they're going to blame themselves if this segment's also a donor.
He's already trying to blame you, Chad.
Not me, though.
As a man of the people, I'm just saying good to see you all.
Can't wait to read all the news that's fit for you to post at the cream dot team.
I am in fact Jeff Ripple.
That's true.
You are.
They blame you.
Stop it.
I can't be blamed.
I can't be tamed.
And I won't be shamed.
Are you gonna say, hee-hoo?
You can yodel.
I could yodel if I wanted to.
But that's how you get.
I don't.
Is yodeling hard or easy?
I can't tell.
Well, it's really hard to make it sound good.
Some say no one ever has.
You know, it sounds okay sometimes.
All right.
Yodeling fan case.
Let's do some news today.
All right.
All the news ever.
Boom.
Only yodel.com.
Now you're speaking my language.
If I can monetize it, I'm there, baby.
Okay.
Aha.
After Glastonbury, Bob Villain faces UK criminal investigation and visa revocation.
Some concert, I guess.
Damn.
It's because the crowd chanted.
I think death to the IDF or something or down with the IDF.
Oh, death, death to the IDF.
Surely there's a clip, right?
Why would you want to hear that case?
Oh, no reason.
I'm just curious if there's a clip.
All right.
Death, death to the IDF.
It does rhyme.
It's not illegal for it to be catchy, right?
Hey, if it's got a good beat and we can dance to it.
Um, okay.
British police say they're considering.
Oh, I need to see the original.
News about Gaza soldiers.
Well, maybe this, maybe they play a snippet here.
British police say they're considering an investigation into onstage chance of death to the Israeli military by the punk-wrapped duo Bob Villain at the Glastonbury Music Festival on Saturday.
Police did not name the group or Irish band Necap who appeared on the same stage and also criticized Israel.
However, authorities in Somerset where the festival is held,
Where's the clip?
say they're reviewing video footage and death to the IDF, referring to the Israeli.
Oh man, I'm gonna have to go to Twitter, formerly known as Yax.
I'm fine again.
I'm fine with you always saying that.
I think I'm saying it, right?
Uh, there's gotta be a clip on Twitter, right?
Let's see how intense.
Very edgy.
And what they're deporting them for that?
Can you, can you chant death to things?
Um, try to think of other examples of people chanting death to a particular
institution and nothing is coming to mind.
I'm assuming it'll, I mean, this will get you in trouble in any country that's allied with Israel, but
in the US, I'm assuming that would fall under free speech.
Is it an incitement to violence?
I don't know.
It's on the edge.
UK law is probably weird.
Yeah, there's like, uh, all sorts of songs that are like, there's no songs that are like,
there's cop killer, but he's not like kill all cops in that.
Well, maybe that's a lyric, but he doesn't get the crowd to chant it.
I mean, I don't think the guy should, should be losing anything over this, but
I'm wondering if there is some legal framework for them to just punish people for political
speech like this.
Death to Congress.
Death to Mike Pence.
You're right.
Yeah, but didn't they all go to jail?
Yeah, they all went to jail.
And, uh, they had a real fun stay there.
Another route.
The opposition lawmaker, Chris Phillip, called for the BBC to be prosecuted.
The BBC?
For what?
Oh, I guess for airing that.
Is it live though?
I don't know.
Okay.
The conservative member of parliament wrote on X by broadcasting his Bobby Villains vile hatred.
The BBC appeared to have also broken the law.
Our national broadcaster should not be transmitting hateful material designed to
incite violence and conflict.
Leave the violence and conflict to the professionals currently murdering hundreds of people daily.
The IDF.
Maybe if he had chanted death, death served daily by the IDF to women and children, then
could he have said, he probably could have chanted that.
Death, death, constant death perpetrated daily by the IDF.
Yeah, let's get that one going.
But then it sounds like we're chanting in favor of it.
Then at the end of it, you have, he goes, and that's bad.
Here comes the conservative virtue signal.
Yes, their pearls are officially clutched.
They can't believe anyone would say such a thing.
In a statement on Monday, the BBC said it regretted not pulling away from the live stream.
It's a live stream.
Is it on their website?
Come on.
It's on the internet.
We can't stop it.
It said the anti-semitic sentiments expressed by Bob Villain were utterly unacceptable and added
that it respects freedom of expression but stands firmly against incitements to violence.
Again, violence can only be incited by militaries.
I mean, I guess militaries are literally there to do violence.
It was funnier when Farley did it in Black Sheep.
Oh, that was a classic scene.
His dad's trying to do like a campaign rally and Chris Farley runs out.
Death, death.
We can't shed it.
Well, we already showed it, so I'm assuming we're getting sued too.
No, now it's news.
The beautiful thing about this story at least is, I mean, unfortunate for Bob Villain,
he shouldn't be getting persecuted for what in my opinion at this point should be protected
political speech given what's happening over there.
But, you know, all they've just, the story has been shared everywhere.
So now the sentiment is just being shared.
But we're all mad at it.
Yeah.
So that's why we're playing it everywhere constantly.
We're sharing it across all major news sites.
They call it anti-Semitic.
Yes, the IDF, the military of an entire religion it turns out.
Funny how that works.
That's why I believe the military of Christians is the crusades, the crusader military,
the rough association of various Europeans coming together to rage Jerusalem.
That's the Christian military.
Well, they're not around anymore.
They, some people would really like to claim that it's still around and they are it,
particularly here in America.
But that's a different story for a different time.
Let's keep moving.
There's a lot of stories shared.
Okay.
They're not all this political.
Because, you know, this is, this is Twitch, we don't do politics here.
Yeah, this is for gaming case.
Give me a fucking break.
Oh, you said it's not political.
It's the next one.
Melania Trump welcomes you into the AI audiobook era with Melania.
It's, see, it's just a memoir.
Oh, yeah, it's just a med memoir.
I'd remind folks that military service is mandatory for the vast majority of
citizens and Indians, Israel.
So calling for the death of the IDF is calling for the death
of the vast majority of the Israeli population.
Well, you could call for the death of an institution,
though, without calling for the death of everyone in it.
For instance, if you chanted death to slavery in the 1800s,
you weren't necessarily chanting for the death of every slave owner or every
southerner, even though you could make an argument that the entire
culture was engaged in slavery.
I mean, I don't, again, I'm not really in favor of like, of particularly
violent and heated language.
And some things do seem designed to kind of get a reaction out of people.
So in a way, this might be what Mr.
Villan was going for.
But I just, you know, I think a chance about violence are more problematic
when they are stirring up violence towards like a marginalized group,
which you could argue, Jews as a whole are, but given the specific
situation happening in Israel where there's mass violence daily
against Palestinians, I think calling out the organization most directly,
in my opinion, responsible for causing violence.
In my opinion, responsible for causing it, the IDF, it's a fair target for political
speech, although obviously death is, you know, a more, it's a more
extreme word to use in like stop or like end.
Death to bin, no offense case.
See, but I that might not mean death to me.
It might only mean death to you, Jeff, or it just means death to you case.
Because we got to pick our poison here.
You know, I don't know.
I mean, I'm sure there's some people that are more sympathetic to
Israel as a nation right now than I am.
I don't want to like whitewash the entire country is just, oh, Israel
and everyone in it is evil.
I don't I don't think that what I do think as a state apparatus,
what they're doing right now is really horrific.
And the US is every bit as culpable as as Israel, in my opinion.
Well, you're making your opinions very clear case.
Could we stop death to munch?
Is that protected speech?
I mean, he's up to no good all the time for sure.
All right, I guess case is fine with it.
Melania Trump welcomes you to the AI audio book era with new memoir.
Melania Trump announced on Friday that she is releasing an AI audio book
version of the memoir Melania.
In an ex post, the First Lady welcomed followers into a new era in publishing
and announced that an audio book featuring an AI generated version of her voice
will be released in the 11 reader app.
You wish she wouldn't.
Can we get a can we get a little snippet here?
If we're lucky, the hyperlink to not more news stories from them.
Let's see Melania Trump audio book snippet.
What's the right word to search?
Fancy reading Melania Trump's memoir but didn't have the time.
Well, it turns out the truth.
Oh, here we go.
My story.
My perspective.
The truth.
That's not the real Melania or is it what she says she worked
closely with tech company 11 labs to create the AI book calling it a new era in publishing.
And Malan AI has gone global too.
Malan AI.
Because they might not speak 30 different languages, but AI Melania can.
And by the end of the year, the AI audio book will be available in all those languages.
More.
The timing of the book's release.
I need to hear more of this AI monstrosity.
My story.
My perspective.
The truth.
Melania the audio book.
Exclusively on MelaniaTrump.com and 11 Reader.
Are we not going to get there?
That is they're just going to give us that little piece.
Or we can barely get any of the AI Melania we crave unless we pay for it.
Got to just download the book and feed it to 11 labs.
I mean, yeah, that's probably what they did.
Did she even write the book or did AI probably a combination of a ghost writer using a chat
GPT?
It's almost as if the people who would be interested in that book can actually read.
Well, reading is overrated.
Now we can have anyone read us Melania Trump's memoir if we have the original text.
We could have Lord read it.
Lord the singer Lord.
Why her?
I don't know.
We could have Chris Rock do it.
Chris Rock reading Melania Trump's memoir.
We could have Porky Pig.
Okay, Porky Pig would be more fun.
And you'd be like, yeah, reading has a strong liberal bias.
That's true.
They do love to say that they read.
We really do.
We love to say that we do.
Your penis disappears after a handshake.
I don't even want to know what the headline is.
That was the first bit of text in this story.
The headline is penis theft panic in Africa.
Reveals Russian propaganda campaign against France.
Your penis disappears after a handshake.
The startling claim spread across the Central African Republic in 2024,
causing riots and forcing government denials.
But what began as a street level panic transformed into an international propaganda scheme
when pro-Russia media blamed France for orchestrating supernatural genital theft.
All of this is news.
The fuck is any of this?
It's serious case.
Put your serious news face on.
The panic was real enough in Bombari, a humanitarian worker had to be evacuated by police
after three young men accused him of making their genitals disappear through a handshake.
I feel like they could verify that that didn't happen.
So I guess, look, I'm not saying he was responsible, but surely their genitals were gone.
I guess, why would you, I mean, there's, you could make up a better excuse for beating
someone up and you stole our genitals.
Did they not look down?
But what if it's gone?
They slipped and fell off, I guess.
The panic was real.
Sorry.
Um, in Bangui, the capital crowds attacked alleged penis thieves.
Dag it on Twitch.
Now you're on the stream.
32 months.
And we do in fact love to see it.
Be careful with any handshakes until we finish this story.
We need to confirm if this is real or not.
Do we need to confirm that case?
We've got to confirm it.
Also, I'm going to turn off segment alerts for the day.
Did we cover this story a few months ago?
You know what?
Now that you say that, uh, doctor, doctor, doctor Zez, uh, I think we did actually.
But this is a follow up.
I kind of forgot that this was a thing.
It's really sad to consider that this is actually a cause of actual violence.
This is a real cause of actual violence to people anywhere.
But I guess maybe it was.
Well, what wouldn't you be mad if you shook a guy's hand and suddenly a penis disappears like a ghost?
The panic was real enough.
I keep reading the same sentence.
The incidents grew so concerning that the government spokesman had to publicly deny
any confirmed cases of vanishing organs.
He had to.
So are they vanishing or not?
Skymer, I feel as Joey headset says at Skymer, I feel like if your wife is actively trying
to make your junk go away, you've got other marital issues that need addressing.
Though I will say by the time it gets to them disappearing your genitals, that does kind of
become the main marital issue.
Yeah, but you gotta, you can't just act like these things happen out of nowhere.
There's probably reasons you stole your genitals.
Russian Russia's propaganda machine saw an opportunity as Moscow works to replace
French influence in the former African colonies.
Russian operatives crafted a bizarre story.
French intelligence services were stealing African men's genitals to combat European fertility decline.
The Malian news site, BAMANA.net, known for spreading pro-Russian content.
And now we gotta go there.
Claimed Emmanuel Macron had personally approved a secret program called
Repopulation that flew stolen organs to secret bunkers in Versailles.
Louis the 14 inches, he's gonna have a whole stack of penis after this.
Yeah, maybe we should just source all of our stories from
BAMBANA.net going forward.
Not hard to outdo the French in Africa.
All sorts of, our imperialisms are stacking on top of each other.
Look at this website though.
Here's BAMBANA.
BAMBANA.
I don't even, I don't know what to click down here, but it's asking me to confirm
something that I only read one language.
Konakoro face all insecurity.
La Marie de Impose.
Where's the penis story?
Oh look, there's literally a picture of Putin shaking somebody's hand.
Unfortunately, there's no way to translate this, so there's no reading it.
We could click on like the translate button.
You'll add it to the sources.
Thank you so much.
BAMBANA.net La Marie d'Anse la Web.
I don't know what that means.
I can't read French.
I'm tempted to translate this and read it, but let's,
we'll spread just a little bit of information.
We won't go directly to the source.
We'll go to the sources talking about this information,
with barely any misinformation.
Anyway, in addition to other strange conspiracies about
macron and penises, there's this one to add to it, I guess.
A book and ideas reports that this was classic Russian disinformation.
Okay, we get it.
We better move on before I start to believe it.
Case you try to shake my hand a lot.
Do I?
I can tell you're thinking about it.
I can sense that you're thinking about your hands when you see me.
We don't ever shake hands.
Yeah, but I can tell that you're trying to.
And now I don't trust you.
All right, this worked on you immediately, Jeff.
Most information does.
Whatever type it is.
Scientists detect deep rhythmic pulse coming from inside the earth.
Oh, mother Gaia.
What are you up to down there?
Scientists have discovered a heartbeat-like pulse emanating from inside the earth,
beneath the continent of Africa.
Well, maybe it's all those disappeared penises,
which they believe will bring you to the end of the earth.
Which they believe will one day rip the continent into pieces.
Oh, it's not the penises or the penises are really misbehaving.
In a new study published today in the Journal of Nature and Geoscience,
sorry, Nature Geoscience,
a team of European and African scientists explain how they use chemical signatures
to examine this inner earth heartbeat,
explaining that molten chunks of mantle,
the rocky layer found between the earth's surface and core,
are surging together through rift zones or weak areas of volcanoes
where magma is likely as to break through our planet's crust.
This sounds like a quest in a video game that they explain that the...
All the stuff and you're like, I don't even care.
I just gotta go.
Well, who do I go fight?
Global gooning? Is there gooning in there?
Like sounds like geothermal activity.
Oh man, that's one of my least favorite activities.
Can we just go to a coffee house or something?
These internal surges have settled into rhythmic bursts of pulsing plumes.
Oh, it is still sexy though.
Which, while fascinating to imagine,
effectively means the burst of molten rock
are pushing against the African continent's crust
and over millions of years will likely tear the continent apart,
making way for a new ocean basin.
Well, we got millions of years
and we only have health insurance till 2034 for a lot of people,
so we can't think that far ahead.
We'll leave it to the future.
I'll leave it to you in the future.
When you're watching this millions of years from now,
just know Jeff was thinking about you,
but I couldn't do anything to stop it.
Interesting.
Little geothermal news for us.
Did we say a certain word in there?
I think we didn't say a certain word, so...
Get wrecked, Jet.
He's already been on today.
Screw him.
MMA fighter nearly electrocuted while celebrating victory.
What did he grab?
Stunning footage shows an X1 champion
stand out suffering a brutal electronic shock
following a win in a Thailand boxing event.
Okay, let's keep scrolling and there it is.
A whole story that is this clip.
Oh, oh, knockout.
They're on the water?
Oh, he got right back up.
And then he jumped in the water?
We're gonna need to full screen that.
Zoom it in, Hans.
Did they add that sound effect?
He's down and then he's up.
And then boom, right in the water.
I'm not sure if immediately after being electrocuted,
my first instinct would be, let's jump in this water.
I'll tell you what's jumping in right now.
Kendall has a story for me to tell.
Wait, what?
Who went what?
A family.
A family went overboard on it.
Did they die?
No, it happened during the day and there's like a shit ton of
clear videos of them in the water and the boat going to get them.
We got a video hearing from Disney Cruise Lines after a family vacation
turns into a terrifying situation.
A child fell off a Disney cruise ship while at sea.
The child's father jumping in to save that child.
CBS News, Miami's Morgan Reiner is joining us live from Port Everglades where that
shit just docked a moment's ago.
Are we starting to see passengers get off that cruise ship?
Yeah, we have been here talking to passengers as they've been coming
out of this door right behind me.
For the most part, everyone I've spoken to, they saw that rescue.
It was hard not to when they come over the loudspeaker and they say,
Mr. Bob or Bob or my brother, which means man overboard, the ship turned around.
People describe seeing that rescue and we have it on a video where you can see the boat going over to
know what everyone over what I mean.
The water, the passengers I spoke to describe that father treading the ocean water for upwards of 10
minutes. If the ship is moving, it's really likely that we're 10 minutes in a calm swimming pool.
That's hard enough.
Now in the ocean with the waves and the unknown of what's below you,
the passengers were just in awe that the father jumped overboard after that little girl but said
he had no choice. They would have done the same exact thing.
That's what you do for family.
That's what passengers have been telling us over the last hour.
Now what we do know from Disney, we got a statement from them in the last half hour,
is that the crew members, exceptional skills and prompt actions got the pair back safely to the
ship within minutes.
Passengers again have been describing the rescue and one of the things that they pointed out
is seeing the father and the daughter being brought back up.
The rail to take a picture and she just fell backwards.
The dad immediately ran and jumped over.
Oh, pretty good dad instincts.
He didn't even look down to see where she was.
He just apparently, that's the running rumor that he just jumped off.
You kind of have to jump immediately if you're the dad,
otherwise the kid could be pretty far away.
Yeah, that's exactly what every comments are saying.
And then there are a lot of comments being like,
he's the hero.
And other comments being like, he's not a hero.
He's an idiot.
What, for having his kid leaning against the railing?
No, for putting, it's a five-year-old.
Oh, he put her on the railing.
The theory, the running rumor is that he put her on the rail to take a picture.
And since she's five, it's not a fault.
Yeah, that will happen.
That do be happening.
Did she look for the loudest possible place to report from?
It feels that way.
Those of the like ports of cruise ships are like big echoey metallic structures.
So I guess she's just right outside of one.
So a baby fell in, yeah, five years.
So in case you couldn't hear, kind of a five-year-old girl fell in the dead, jumped in after her.
Meaning the dad's a hero, except he's not.
He's a dumbass because he put, apparently he put her on the railing to take a picture.
So I'd say a good recovery, but not a good, I guess if he was a true super dad,
he immediately grabs her as he notices her.
The thing live in Sleazy just put happen with the grandfather a few years ago.
That one did not end happy.
It's super common when people fall off that they die.
And also back in the day, or maybe still, it is possible to get sucked into the engines.
Yeah.
Which will most likely kill you.
When from the gram goes wrong.
Yeah, when for the gram, sorry.
If I had a child, they'd be on a leash.
I do have a fur child and he does go on a leash.
This does give me more sympathy, Lady Citrix, for the parents that just have their kids
leash like an animal because
yeah, it's alarming.
You might need.
We ever have a kid.
We'll see.
That's a runner.
What if they're like a little zombie runner?
They got to learn through death.
Ooh, is that a box for me?
Guys, I got a backup system.
I got like a big old hard drive backup system for Kendall and I.
Anyway, there are other videos, and there are videos of them up close,
coming back to the ship and like a crew member is holding the daughter and the dad's just sitting there.
At one point he does like an arm pump to the people.
Let's see if we can find it.
You know what?
It's always TikTok.
Honestly, TikTok's the best place for it right now.
You're right.
It's harder to search TikTok on desktop, though, than it is Twitter for some reason.
Yeah.
Oh, look, here they are.
This is a photo.
They're better ones out there.
Yeah, this one has a little bit, has an air of mystery to it.
Better be safe than sorry.
Yeah, you're right.
They're clearer ones than that.
They're so...
Oh, geez.
We're doing a photo album first.
Yeah.
There's the girl.
You also can, it's a high, some cruise ships, if you fall off a high enough point,
you can really hurt yourself just hitting the water.
Yeah, they fell off the fourth, what, at fourth something, what, at level.
I see.
So what, it seems like what people were saying was,
some people who were on the fifth level went all the way up to the top.
See what's up.
And by that time, they've already been reached.
The boat has already reached them.
So a lot of videos mostly have the boat coming back in.
There are some videos of people watching the boat
go all the way out there and you're watching it and you're like,
damn, this feels slow only because you know there are people out in the water.
Damn.
You know?
Let's remember we don't know what happened, but this dad jumped in.
Yeah.
Never forget.
It is, it is, you know, somewhat heartwarming that the dad with no hesitation jumped in.
Oh, there he is.
I cut away before you could see the dad.
The hero slash villain of this story.
There's also a running rumor that I don't believe that a mom and dad didn't know how to swim.
So a stranger did it for them instead.
But I just don't believe that.
Oh, that's just a stranger?
Well, because we don't actually have confirmation of anything.
The two running rumors is that the dad put her on a rail.
She fell jumped after her.
The second running rumor is dad put her on a rail.
She fell.
She fell.
A mom and dad don't know how to swim.
So a stranger went in instead.
Yeah.
Does cruise ship case have any advice for the best way to jump off a cruise ship?
Skymer don't would be my band advice.
If it's if it's not moving, you will.
A you will if you ever jump off a cruise ship.
If you ever jump off a cruise ship, they will ban you from cruising forever.
But if you don't mind that repercussion, it also could kill you.
But if you don't mind that repercussion, my only advice would be jump as far away.
Jump as far as you can.
Because in case the engines don't stop, you could be in for a pretty grisly death.
Yeah, look at them.
I'm not sure in this case what they'll do.
It's a high enough profile story that maybe they won't ban them, but probably they will.
Well, yeah, it has to do with them being negligent than their bands, you know?
Yeah, I mean, they will ban people for all sorts of shit on cruise ships
just to not deal with the liability of having like a dangerous customer on.
And also it's meant to be like a deterrent for future customers.
It's hard to say what they'll do in this case because it involves like a little girl and a
semi-heroic and or negligent dad.
I don't know the details, so.
I know this.
I know this.
Wait, card king, I know the answer to that.
Did they have to paint the rescue boats Donald Duck, Bill Yellow?
I know the answer to this.
Okay.
Wait, so rescue boats and evacuation boats, the color for them are fucking orange.
They're orange.
That is like the main color that every cruise ship has to do, right?
That was on a mine for sure.
But when Disney, when Disney started their cruise ships, they were like,
we fucking hate this orange.
We want it to be Mickey Mouse's shoes yellow.
And they're like, what?
So people were like, no, but then Disney did a bunch of fucking tests to prove that yellow,
his shoes yellow is an easier color to look out out in the distance, both in day and night.
And they were fucking right.
So now a lot of cruises can use the orange or the Mickey Mouse shoes is yellow.
Wow.
When theming saves lives.
No, like legitimately though.
Your sweater is kind of a rescue, traditional rescue boat color,
with a little bit of new rescue boat color in there.
Who's that hot chick?
You want to see a real hot guy?
A real hot, a real hotty?
Jeff is your son here?
My son comes to work with me all the time.
Son, there he is.
There he is.
Sorry, he has to hit the light just right.
Looking good, son.
Want to tell them your name?
I don't think you've ever told them your name.
Is it not Kendral?
What is it?
Son, you've got to know your name.
Kendral?
It's Kendral.
Oh, there's another one.
There's another person named Kendral, too.
That's fun.
There could be two people with the name Kendral case.
And yes, Kendral's middle name is Lamar, but it was well before.
Kendrick was a thing, just to get that out of the way.
Should we call him Lamar then?
He prefers Kendral.
I'm assuming.
Kendral, what's your preferred name?
Do you like going by Kendral or Lamar?
Lamar?
Oh, never mind.
Kendral likes to go by Lamar.
No, I like Kendral.
Oh, never mind.
He likes Kendral.
He's at that age where who knows.
So many Kendral's, yeah.
With one L, the other ones with two.
Sorry, I don't know.
I don't watch enough guys.
Is it Publita?
No, okay.
Well, that's my news.
Thank you for sharing.
I didn't know.
I'm always a sucker for cruise ship news.
As you know, I was on a cruise ship, Jeff.
Yes, you've talked about it.
Yeah, we know.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
This is my fun fact.
I'm Case Blackwell.
I worked on a cruise ship.
That's a fun fact.
It's a fun fact for thousands of people, Case.
Thousands.
Kendral Lamar.
That is the spelling of it.
L-A-M-O-R-E.
Lamar.
It's French.
Is it?
Yes.
Okay.
We need a wiki someday.
You just need to get a fan who's the right level of insane.
So find that.
Okay.
I don't wish the fate of making a wiki for the show on anyone.
Nice.
Kendall, not drill.
Are you streaming it all the before we leave?
I think she's not.
Based on that face, I'm saying no.
She's got stuff.
Someday though, we'll finish.
I would like to edit.
You don't have to stream.
I was just asking, asking in case you were, I was going to plug it.
What was the game we were playing?
It takes, no, not it takes two.
Drawn.
Right together.
It was two words.
Two, two buddies.
Mind buddies.
Think about the story first.
What are they doing?
Streaming.
For what?
Friends.
For writing.
Writing what?
What kind of writing are they doing?
Creative.
But like what's like.
Fiction, split fiction.
There we go.
You got that eventually.
I got there right before chat type that I feel so accomplished.
Two fictions.
Two fictions.
Will they meet?
They do meet.
That's a spoiler.
Stop spoiling the story of the game that you're playing.
10% off.
Kendall and I thought we were like halfway through it.
It turns out we looked it up.
We're like a fourth maybe.
Two friends writing creative two fictions.
That's a good title.
Yeah, why'd they go with that other one?
Okay.
Is there any other news?
There's a lot of news case.
We're going pretty slow.
Well, okay.
Didn't know follow up from case on that one.
Can't deny it.
We saw an MMA fighter electrocute themselves.
We saw a dad save slash endanger his daughter.
Let's continue.
There's still a lot of good stories that have been shared.
I'd assume unless some are freaking nasty.
Okay.
Look at this.
I will EA sports to bring back college basketball video game in 2028.
Haven't they always done they do that game every year?
Is that a EA sports is set to bring its college basketball video game in 2028.
Oh, bring back.
According to Matt Brown, the video company also teased the release of their official Twitter slash
X account.
Is it an ad if it's a thing people might care about?
Still an ad, but I guess also news.
The ad news.
You can play sports games courtesy of EA.
I wouldn't have believed it.
If it wasn't printed in the news.
Liver King influencer arrested in Texas after threatening Joe Rogan.
Which one?
The real one.
Which one?
The one.
Okay.
Oh, we've got a bunch of comments too that we have been slacking on.
Susan Collins is doing a Kavanaugh again saying she is against it, but then voting for it.
That's about the big beautiful bill.
Trump is a big Confederate fan though.
Confederacy of Dunces maybe just a fan of the novel.
Can we send Crumb to Jeb's surgeon?
It might work.
There's an idea because we're all concerned about the potential charges case.
It's only electrocution.
If it's from the electrocute region of France otherwise it's just sparking death.
I am not familiar with French law so love the hate.
I'm going to assume you're right.
We just always have to assume our viewers are right.
They're probably more right than us.
Exterminator says you should watch some of the liver king videos.
He's gone insane.
It looks like he has had some kind of midlife crisis.
Oh sorry, medical crisis.
Well they're not mutually exclusive.
Well one's a little more serious than the other usually.
Depending on how much you value your marriage.
All right, liver king.
Let's go to the source of insanity.
Tic-tac.com.
Liver King.
Surely it'll be the top vids, right?
Okay here's one.
Because Joe Rogan, we don't have to make videos to pretend anymore.
Some different news for you today.
Brian Johnson, aka liver king, was arrested last night in Austin, Texas for a terroristic threat,
which is a newer law in Texas.
And if you don't know him, lucky for you.
Yeah we know him.
But liver king is known as liver king because he told people he only ate liver and had to have things to become his jackedis.
Turned out a few months later he allegedly was using about $11,000 a month of steroids.
Oh.
And now that the jig is up for that, he's trying to get to do some other things here.
And about to show you one of his latest unhinged videos.
Okay.
Because Joe Rogan, we don't have to make videos to pretend anymore.
All of this is happening.
We're coming to you.
I've challenged you man to man to a fight.
Honorable.
And we don't have to pretend or make any videos.
The world is watching.
They'll make the videos for us.
But he's in a video.
And you don't have to hold a camera.
You can hold the hand of somebody that you love because what happens next to you,
you're going to need to remember that feeling.
You're going to need something more than what you did to give you something defyful.
Because I have my family defy for it.
What's something to fight for?
That's and I'll die for them.
You know that.
He was booked yesterday and his charge was a terroristic threat, class B misdemeanor.
Where it goes from here.
Who knows if you're interested in true crime stories, follow our podcast.
That count is a true crime story.
True almost crime.
It's to be fair when I saw liver king rise to prominence, you know, a couple years ago,
this felt like about the course threatening Joe Rogan while doing a gorilla walk.
Yeah, that seems seems like a natural arc for this.
I'm glad that it didn't as far as I know end in violence.
I wonder what I guess he probably is hyper fixated on Joe Rogan because he was on that show probably.
I'm assuming he was on Joe Rogan.
He must have been on there.
His head is messed up.
His eyes have mismatched dilation.
His belly button is an Audi now.
$11,000 in steroids.
Well, it'll have an effect.
Apparently it has a couple of negative effects.
Rock of Fire, Gorilla vs. liver king.
Ooh, who would come out on top?
They're both potentially equally animatronic at this point.
They might be.
Kiss, kiss, kiss.
Joe Rogan lives in like a hunting compound.
He lives in like a hunting mansion.
Yes, a Texas hunting mansion.
There's no breaking into that bad boy.
Do you know from experience case?
Don't worry.
I'm not trying to meet Joe Rogan.
I thought you used to work with him.
Yeah, Jeff.
I really did.
He really did.
Okay.
Uh, what else?
What else?
What else?
What?
Why is this story not loading?
This one refuses to tell me what's up.
Come on.
Ah, there it is.
Okay.
No thanks.
Um, oh, here's your kind of story.
Okay.
This is a right up your fucking alley.
Lazio Felkener, who was sacked for posting penis implant photos online,
evicted by club.
I think I read that actually pretty reasonably, even though it sounded pretty confusing.
Ciri, our outfit, Lazio, what have evicted the employee who handled the club's Eagle mascot?
This is an insane bunch of words.
Ciri a outfit, Lazio have evicted the employee who handled the club's Eagle mascot
from his accommodation after he posted pictures of his own prosthetic penis online.
Felkener Juan Bernabe had undergone penile surgery for non-medical reasons and later took to social
media to show off his new manhood.
They actually mean evicted.
Yeah, I guess.
Is the, is the Falcon evicted too?
You can't punish the Falcon for the crimes of the man's penis.
That's a law as old as time.
That's an important Falconing law from way back in the day.
Jeff Nel, the league name the first time.
That's why I'm the best of the days.
I never forget it.
Case, you need this face.
Don't I need you to just need your voice?
The face can't exist without the voice and vice versa.
All right.
Bernabe initially sacked by the Italian giant in January amid plenty of controversy,
with the Eagle handler claiming the surgery had left him feeling very proud
and more masculine.
Which type of surgery was it though?
Is it the pump kind or like the very dangerous guirthening kind?
Or the equally dangerous lengthening kind?
We've covered a wide variety of ineffective penile surgeries on this site show, so I'm not sure.
HateSuck might disagree.
HateSuck disagrees with everything.
What's it, what kind of penis surgery did this guy get?
It doesn't say.
Well either way, he's proud of the results.
Either it's chunkier, longer, or he can pump it up.
Either way, he's fired.
Is it discrimination to fire a guy just for posting pictures of his penis?
Well if you're just posting them on like a normal-ish social media website,
you could post it on Twitter, I guess.
You wish, you wish.
He posted it online, I'm sure you could find it.
I can't show you guys.
That...
It's news.
It's part of Twitch that you can show news.
Not that news.
Well anyway, I can't confirm or deny if he should be proud of it, but he was.
Microphone says, I hope he got a tiny Ferrari engine implanted to his power hog.
That's the surgery we're waiting for before we hop on this bandwagon of penile surgeries.
I think my sense of how many people are getting penis surgeries is slightly
unrealistic just because of how many penis stories we cover on this stream.
We do cover pretty much every one of them.
No, I bet there's even more.
Well we'll find them one of these days.
But it feels like everybody's getting the penis pump surgery based on the stories we cover.
The only other surgeries I know about are you can get a gel jammed in your penis, like Jeff said,
or they can like snip a tendon and then your penis is like floppier but longer.
Is it hard and floppy?
I'm not sure.
But it's longer.
Supposedly it's, you cut some tendon and it unleashes some penis,
but your penis is gonna forever flop around.
It already flops around most of the time, so I don't see the downside.
I'm not a medical expert, Jeff.
You have to consult your penis cutting doctor.
Ah, I haven't talked to him in a while.
Probably since I was a baby.
It was almost a proud feminist moment on inauguration day in January.
The unthinkable happened.
President Trump, the biggest ego on the planet, was upstaged by a woman in a white trouser suit.
Oh sorry, I didn't read the headline.
A mark of luxury and arrogance why gravity-defying boobs are back
and what they say about the state of the world.
Jesse Cartner Morley says you.
Are they back?
Gravity, they mean like 90s implant style boobs, like the big, the power shelf?
I guess so.
Like the classic Pam Anderson just chunk.
Not just a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
not to get too graphic.
The proud uniform of Washington feminist, worn by Kamala Harris,
Hillary Clinton, and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
Uh oh, I'm sensing slightly political leanings to this article.
In solidarity with the traditional color of the suffragettes,
in the event the white trouser suit barely got a mention,
the show was stolen by what was underneath Lauren Sanchez's cleavage.
This is about Jeff Bezos' wedding and her and the boobs of his now wife.
Well, when you're dropping 60 million dollars on a wedding,
you may as well do the full tune-up.
We need visual aids, all right.
All right, Lauren Sanchez.
I'm not going to show you what I'm googling, because that's a new secret.
Miss Sanchez.
Uh, okay.
I think they might be confused and think this is coming back
when it's just that she's in her 50s.
So she probably got a boob job, you know, back when that was the style.
I don't, I'm not going to speculate about when she got her boob job.
What, I don't even understand this, this, the argument of this article.
It's saying 90s boobs are back case.
Katie Couric called her tacky.
Oh God, the reviews are in.
I'm so sorry, Lauren.
You failed to become a scion of American style.
I don't think Jeff Bezos is the best ticket to, I don't know, the like the GQ hat tip to your incredible style.
The entire wedding seemed incredibly tacky and they were inviting all of the oldest,
grossest American elites to come watch them burn a bunch of money so they could marry each other.
But I mean, there's way bigger things to be mad at than those two getting married.
I think there's bigger problems specifically related to Jeff in his wedding.
So it's kind of par for the course that he'd spend a bunch on it.
And that his wife would look tacky.
Oh, so disappointing.
He always wanted his Latina Queen since high school.
Is that his thing?
Is that a thing?
What is a thing?
Call it a curtain raiser.
This is back to the article.
Call it a curtain raiser for a year in which breasts have been how to put this in your face.
Sidney Sweeney's pair of upstage her acting career to the point that she wears a sweatshirt that says,
Sorry for having great tits and correct opinions.
Should we look up that too?
And maybe I'll take out some of the words in that sentence.
Sidney Sweeney and then I'll use a couple of the words from that sentence.
No, I think we're good.
See, this is an article where I think you just have to write for some reason.
You have to write for some reason.
Your boss is like, we need an article about boobs.
Just make something up.
It does feel that way a little bit.
I have not noticed a huge resurgence of like super stiff traditional implants.
But also, you know, I don't really pay attention to the trends in breast augmentation.
Well, case you're not a real fan like some of us.
You have an interview with Jeff Bezos?
Of course, live in Sleazy does.
I've never been less surprised.
I feel like live in Sleazy secretly has an interview with everyone.
He's the eyes of TJ Ecclberg.
God is watching us and its name is live in Sleazy.
Anyway, well the heat is off Sabrina Carpenter.
Lord Shock's fans on social media with her not safe for work virgin album art.
All right.
Time to search this as well.
Sorry, case.
Well, we'll see if we can show this.
It depends how not safe for work it is.
Oh, this is it.
We can show this.
This is the kind of thing we cover all the time.
What?
Show me the show me a high res version of this freaking album art.
Internet, please.
Here you go.
This is the not safe for work album art.
We are technically showing someone's insides.
There's an ass in there somewhere and probably other junior or a punnus.
We're showing bone either way for sure.
What is this supposed to be?
What's not safe for work about this?
This is like something in your ass joke.
There's zipper in their ass.
I don't know, but either way, that's wild of lord.
Why is she in trouble for this?
Why would people be mad at her in a similar way they were mad at Serena Carpenter?
The album cover for a virgin virgin shows an x-ray image of a pelvic region.
Visible outline of a zipper belt buckle, but we were not prepared for the album art lord had yet to reveal.
Fans got ready, got early copies of the album, discovered a new picture inside that vinyl.
The image presumably of the same individual shown in x-ray depicts a person wearing clear plastic shorts mostly unzipped
with their wolf and pubic hair on full display.
Full vulva?
Oh, we can't have that in the music industry.
Serena Carpenter, it turns out.
You're fine.
A little hairpole compared to full vulva?
Na na na lord, you're in trouble.
Okay, plastic shorts.
It's not the most disturbing video I've seen of someone in clear shorts.
What's the most disturbing?
I'll let you guess.
Okay.
I can't show that one.
I can't I can't show the full vulva one.
I don't think.
So I'll just air on the side of caution and for once not show full vulva on stream.
Why stop now, Case?
Why stop now?
Fine.
Speaking of full on genitals, here's a Logan Paul story.
Pierce Morgan accuses Jake Paul of killing boxing after a staged fight against Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
They had another fight?
He's still fighting?
I guess he's still fighting.
YouTuber turned boxer Paul 28.
Wow, he looks like shit.
I thought he was older than that.
Previously, he fought Mike Tyson.
We all watched it and remember the but thing and basically nothing else.
But the bout has been widely criticized as Chavez Jr.
appeared unwilling to throw punches in the early rounds.
The 39 year old Mexican is 39.
God, can you fight anyone that isn't over or equal to Case's age?
Hey, stop blowing up my age spot.
We all know Case.
Son of legendary Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
senior did become more active in the final two rounds.
But by then Paul was already way ahead.
Okay.
Here's a clip.
Look at this Titan of fighting guys that are at least 20 years older than him.
Only 10 and 11 in this case.
I'm rounding up to 20 from 11.
Yes.
Okay.
Everything with YouTubers boxing is just rigged to tie.
Well, I mean, he hasn't been tying.
He's been rigging it to win, I guess.
I don't fucking, I mean, I don't care.
He's never going to fight like a top active boxer.
Obviously his whole gimmick.
I think I tweeted this at some point, but he's basically like a peep show, but for boxing,
like everyone's hoping that'll show full knockout, but he never will.
He's always going to angle these fights so that there's a chit, the hope is that you see him lose
and then he just won't.
So, you know, it's like burlesque, boxing burlesque.
Bizarre vark is go, goaded.
I don't know who that is, but I agree.
I like the name.
Case is a beautiful young man.
Ripple don't be a hater.
Thank you, lady.
Citrix side of your head would disagree.
No, this is just what happens when you cover the news.
You start to, this is the gravitas leaking out of my head and into my hair.
If you say so, look at my hair.
It's never been Blonder.
Yeah, because you diet.
Shut up.
No, I don't.
What?
Get out of here.
Jeff, your beard is fully black.
Whatever.
Shut the fuck up, Case.
How dare you?
Okay.
Is there any other news?
Are we done?
Can we be done because you're being so rude?
Hmm.
I don't think it's live and so easy.
I don't think I'll show this animal dying just because we've covered enough sad stories today.
These are the last two we'll do.
Oh, this one we already covered.
So this is a feel good story for all of us, actually.
Mr. Beast scraps, AI YouTube thumbnail generator, days after announcing it.
If creators don't want the tools, no worries.
Don't even stress, y'all.
Look at this smile.
I've never been happier.
Following a week of online criticism, world's most popular YouTuber, Mr. Beast.
Popular in what sense?
The huge numbers and acclaim and fame and money, I think is the main popularity claim there.
Damn it.
I guess that adds up, AKA Jimmy Donaldson.
No PC game.
I get out of here.
I has removed the new generative AI tool from his view stats platform,
a suite of tools made to help creators grow their YouTube channels.
You can be as big as Beastie Boy.
Oh, look at this.
There's a new way to make professional looking viral thumbnails with zero photoshop experience.
And the best part is this new method works in every niche,
whether you do gaming, cooking, beauty, this works for all of them.
From creating custom results from any channel to literally being able to put your face on a thumbnail.
Oh, that's so cool.
You can get that Mr. Beast look that makes you kind of feel sick,
like you just ate a big bag of plastic.
We could have had it all.
We could have had all of our own YouTube video thumbnails of us going,
well, there's like a crying kid with no arms.
And we're like, we gave kids with no arms one arm for a day.
We rented them an arm for a day.
A thousand kids got one arm for a day.
Okay, I am listening.
We could have had thumbnails for that forever,
but we're biting the hand that feeds us our delicious beast slop.
For only $80 a month, you could have unlimited thumbnails that look like
Jimmy Donaldson with your face pasted on them.
Or the other horrific YouTube thumbnails where like people's eyes are bulging and there's fire.
Or just a smiling guy over, you know,
like a JD Vance meme, a you meme.
I'm not doing this today.
You all do it every time you can help it.
Now we need to use that on every bin thumbnail.
I never make my own thumbnails.
I don't make thumbnails at all.
It's just all random.
If I ever start making actual videos again,
I'll think about my thumbnail style.
What would your thumbnail style be case?
Your face made out of butt cheeks.
A butt cheek face.
I guess it could work.
Correct says Lady Citrix.
You could start the trend.
God, if I ever actually finished the...
I've been working on that pulling ideas out of the hat thing very slowly,
but surely it'll probably be done in August.
Why is it taking so long?
Because I have no time, Jeff.
I got to make Pepito a talk show.
I got to figure out how to get in this wall.
What?
These are the things I spend my time doing.
Well, that's probably a problem then.
I know.
Okay.
Anyway, yeah, if I ever have the time, I'll release those videos,
and then I will have to figure out what my thumbnail style would be,
but that's the kind of thing I do, unfortunately, hate doing.
You do too much.
I'm just such a hard-working boy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I bet you are.
Ben, the only stream to show full knockout.
I wish.
I wish I...
If I could get Logan Paul on this stream and knock his ass out,
I would be a national hero.
Under false pretenses?
Here's what I suspect.
You want to be a celebrity?
Lure Jake Paul into any situation and fill yourself knocking him out.
And it doesn't matter how immoral it is, people will be on your side.
That does sound right, but please don't do that.
To be fair, don't do that.
That would be horrible, but everyone would love you.
We're sending mixed messages here.
Yes.
Okay.
Tell him you used to be a pro boxer, and you are 82.
That should get him out there.
Then it's not as false pretenses.
You tell him you're a pro boxer and you're 82,
but then when you get there, you unveil, unveil
your version of Rock-a-Fire Gorilla.
Acceleration point 10s would be a bounding.
That's true.
Okay, well, look, that's all the news for now.
We've got two more segments to do, one of which is a punishing music thing that case does.
So brace your ears for that.
And in the meantime, brace your brain for Ralph,
who's not been doing well.
Is that fair to say that he's looks like shit and he's not doing well?
Well, he looks the same, but he's definitely not doing well.
Okay, it's time for Munchin' Crumbs.
Thank you.
I do feel like I'm doing great.
Everybody calling me saying, oh, are you doing okay?
All of my friends that I have,
one of which is not seated to my left because they're my
immortal enemy, seeming by how you look like you're dead.
My friends aren't here because Crumb's not my friend.
And some of my fake friends, certain coaches that claim to be my friend are gone
because I kicked them out of my life.
I cut the dead weight.
You don't actually need that many.
You don't maybe need any friends.
I mean, obviously I have them there text me all the time.
I mean, like, are you doing okay?
And obviously I'm doing fine.
Because that's crazy for them to even text that.
And as soon as they text you that, you know that's a fake friend.
And then you lock their number.
And that's just a way to stay mentally strong.
Something you know nothing about, Crumb,
because I can literally see your brain leaking out of your head.
I actually can't see his brain leaking out.
I don't, he's solidified in a way that hasn't helped.
Hasn't helped at all.
Cut enough connections, checks off another box.
There you go.
What are we debating today?
Come on, what's up, Crumb?
Come on.
You gotta give me something here, right?
Let me just cut that off.
Cut his mic.
Just cut his mic.
Don't, no, you don't need to leave it on for this noise that he keeps making.
That's all you have to say, Crumb.
I don't need to hear it.
Can we cut off his mic, please?
Cut his mic.
Can you cut his fucking mic?
There, that's better.
Look, peace.
This is fine.
The silence is fine.
That's not him, it's the wind.
Well, I can still hear it though.
I can hear it.
So I'm really only despairing you.
I hear his raspy breathing as I try to sleep at night.
It gets like the opposite of a catchy song
where it somehow still gets caught in your head.
All you hear is it.
What is, what do we get?
What is the request today?
Coach McGurk versus Bob Burger's
same voice actor, which is the better character.
Coach McGurk is banned from the stream.
Now he's just totally silent.
It's worse.
Can we turn his mic back on?
Okay.
I think, I think Bob's Burger's it.
I think Bob's Burger's is better.
You know, I can do this show on my fucking own, Crumb.
So if you're gonna be like this,
don't blink if you want to quit.
The problem is now I don't,
I don't know what time scale I'd be waiting for him to blink on.
Coach, his life lessons are priceless.
I'm sure you're on fucking Coach's side
because you guys were such pals
while he was giving you physical therapy,
which had no effect by the way,
you still look like shit.
Honestly.
I don't understand why your jaw
rotted so much faster than the rest of your face.
There's still some color in the top,
but that jaw when I taped it back on,
man, it was in, it was,
I guess the jaw got knocked off first
because that's where he punched.
Okay, look, um,
fix up Crumb, no Crumb, no show.
Everybody's pressuring me.
Everybody's pressuring me.
You're not gonna get me
to clean up Crumb's mistakes, okay?
He knew the bet.
I've already put his head back together,
which is what any,
if you're a bystander and you do that much work,
your job is done.
At this point, Bellulia should really take over.
Somebody who actually likes your fucking stinky ass.
Instead, I literally can't get a hold of Bellulia.
It's like she disappeared off the face of the earth.
I always thought she was fake,
but now it's really inconvenient that she is Crumb,
so you don't know how much you're inconveniencing me.
The calls from the police are becoming relentless.
Bob's Burgers, and he's Coach McGurk, okay?
Annie Freese works as a great preservative.
That's really, that's really worth knowing.
You missed some streams and Crumb is a demon now.
He was a demon before.
If anything, he's revealed more of his true form.
Actually, that's not even true
because he looks better than he used to.
He looks fucking better than he used to.
You can push back.
You're allowed to push back on that, Crumb.
Pushing a boulder is what I'm doing,
except it doesn't even go up the hill.
I don't even get the moment of relief
when it rolls down the hill.
I'm just pushing it up an endless, very minor slope.
And that slope is named Crumb.
You're the slope, Crumb, and you're the boulder.
It's just crazy.
It's, this is crazy.
Just fucking, I've called that goddamn
doctor.
Now fucking buy you doctor.
He is not returning my calls either.
I hope you're happy, Cupid Cold Warns.
Do we have a mind?
I hope everybody's had all the wolves in
chat.
I hope you're happy.
Do we have a mind that mine's making that a bait?
Oh, good.
This debate's happening.
Oh, good.
Coach McGurk is a fake fucking friend.
And while Bob's Burgers might be in an animated TV show,
it's still realer than you, Coach McGurk.
I could listen to fucking Bacon Sizzle on a goddamn iron,
and that would have about the vocal resonance of your useless
fucking voice.
And at least I would get fed at the end.
Just a bunch of fucking sloppy, flapping lips,
speaking nothing but lies to a man who used to support you.
And I don't get any of that support back.
One day with a fucking whatever this is,
and you already turned against me.
Do you know how much fucking trouble I got you out of?
I'm literally the one who got your name out of the press
when you did all that weird shit with the male G-spot.
So I don't even know who you think you are coming for me,
Coach.
And how dare you report me to the police?
You goddamn piece of shit.
Bob Burgers!
Oh, great.
It's the Crumb Whisper Hour.
Hope you all are enjoying this.
I know I'm not supposed to talk over his points,
but he doesn't have one.
Tell him how it is, Crumb.
Come on, yeah, you really are voting against Brendan Small.
That's crazy.
He's a national treasure.
Come on.
Here's your victory music.
This is what we all have earned.
Let's put a point on Bo Scores.
I hurt myself today
To see if I still feel
I focus on the pain
One for Crumb.
The only thing that's real
One for me.
The needle tears the hole
The old familiar stain
Try to kill it all away
But I remember everything
Oh
What have I become?
My sweetest friend
Every long time
No doubt
Goes away
I don't know where your channel points go.
I don't know.
And you could have it all
I'm not calling the fucking Jebel Crumb.
That favor is infinitely valuable.
I will not be using it on you.
Get out of here.
This crowd of thorns upon my liar's chair
Full of broken thoughts
Hmm.
You're still cheering.
Crowd wasn't doing it at least.
I gotta talk to Munch, I guess.
I don't know what he needs to do to make this right,
but this segment is becoming even more unwatchable.
Why are all the hosts going through trauma?
I just want to say I can't be blamed as a boss.
It's not my job to resolve all their interpersonal issues.
I consider the murder of Crumb an extracurricular activity.
Yes it happened in my studio, but I wasn't part of that bet.
Oh yeah, it's Papito's job.
Papito, can you fix Crumb?
Uh, like, eat his head?
How would that be fixing it?
I couldn't be worse, right?
I don't think you want to touch that thing.
That's true, and even I'm not hungry for that.
Yeah, actually.
I should bring in an extra traumatic specialist to give extra therapy.
Do you have a time machine, Papito?
Maybe. I might be one of my stomachs.
I've eaten a lot of liars.
So maybe they did something in there.
I've eaten a lot of, I've eaten tons of clocks.
Does that do it?
Probably not.
I guess I could talk to the devil.
He has been on the show several times.
Anybody can talk to that guy.
He's easy to get a hold of.
Maybe I'll encourage Munch.
To at least reach out to the devil.
What do dead people taste like, Papito?
Oranges.
No they don't.
I'm just smelling like it is, man.
Oranges.
Munch versus the devil.
Debate.
Next time we stream, I'll see if I can get a hold of the devil.
If Munch won't do it, someone might need to step in.
Is that like supposed to help?
Yeah, I think probably.
If I just kind of, you know, connect the two.
They're probably friends, right?
I don't think Munch has friends.
Yeah, but if he was going to have one.
How do you know they don't taste like that?
That just doesn't sound right.
Yeah, but you don't know.
Also, when did you eat dead people?
I don't know.
Here and there.
The devil makes all the best no strings eels?
That sounds right.
Hype Train can get you a sit-down with the devil.
He can barely get out of hell.
I don't think he has as much sway as we think.
Yeah, he's in traffic currently.
Just in case.
He has to.
Case has to, I have to message the hype train.
Hours before the stream and say,
Get on the roads.
Then get to the permeable membrane that separates hell from this reality.
And he takes him about a nearly 24 hours.
He basically leaves and then he has to route all the way back through hell traffic.
Yes, to get back to the membrane.
How do you know so much about hell?
Because he calls me the whole time.
He's probably blowing me up.
I'm still in traffic.
I'm the hype train.
He's usually rapping.
He's like, I can't handle it.
Why am I in traffic?
I'm like, that's not a good rhyme.
He's like, he doesn't care, which I respect.
Okay.
Well, speaking of bad rhymes, we're supposed to make a song.
Okay.
Well, then in that case,
listen to the, wait, listen to the song we made last week.
Well, I go grab a thing that we need for this segment.
Or actually, you do a case.
I'm going to sit here, but don't cut to me.
Yeah, you go get it, but leave it on the empty chair.
Play a song while you do it.
Um, okay.
Some odd requests from Papito, but we'll do it.
Last week we made, we contributed to the epidemic of AI Slop
by making a terrible song using AI instead of our own voice for once.
The results will not impress you, but we'll play what we did anyway.
Here you go.
We'll be right back.
I have to go grab one thing.
Only take me a sec.
There we go.
All right.
Sorry to cut this off, guys.
We got to hurry up and finish this other thing so that we can
all go live our lives, DJC for free.
But before we do that, here's DJC for.
I don't know why cases so down on the product, man.
I was proud of that track.
We wrote the lyric.
Oh, well, our ghostwriter wrote the lyrics, but I was involved
in telling the ghostwriter to write the lyrics.
And I stand by the work personally.
And when DJC for I'm a different guy, we can tell I'm wearing a different coat and I have a hat.
We had a request on the Friday stream for a song that we simply did not have time for.
So sad.
But today we've only been streaming for two hours.
We can spend 30 to possibly longer than that to make this song.
It's still taking us longer than we might think to make some of these tracks,
but we're getting faster every day.
And one of these days, I'm going to figure out how the routing works in Pro Tools.
And then we're going to have vocals that don't sound like they were recorded,
you know, by by holding up a recorder to a radio in a car.
Tonight, I'm crumbing to get you.
It was the request.
I've been told that unfortunately, Crumb is permanently sick.
And his vocal cords are in permanent recovery.
So we'll have to get somebody else to do it.
But if anybody has any ideas for what artists we can get on short notice, let me know.
But apparently it can't be crumb.
Weird.
Have you seen crumb anywhere?
Ghost writer?
Have you seen him anywhere?
Nope.
I mean, I'm kind of up here.
So if he's elsewhere, then I don't know.
Yeah, do you think he might be in hell?
Or maybe he's in the valley?
I don't know.
Get Munch to sing it.
That's a good idea.
I think we could get him.
He's like in the building anyway.
I'll send a runner to go get him.
A little dog that I've seen running around at least.
Ghost writer, you're not in hell, right?
I mean, no, I'm in the I'm in the booth, dude.
Well, I'm in the writer's room near the booth.
So I didn't get the lyrics over to the booth if I need to.
Munch in the lab.
What's the genre for tonight?
I'm crumbing to get you.
I'm open to suggestions.
Okay, let's load up his writing tools.
This lyric document is now 21 pages long.
Build with such hits as going into this tune and fight like Gaston Schartz.
I don't even remember that horror thriller.
Ask.
That's one of my favorite genres of music.
It's horror thriller.
Tonight I'm crumbing to get you.
Is there a song called like tonight I'm coming to get you?
There probably is, right?
Who there's what's on tonight?
My Montell Jordan.
Is this good?
I think this is the style, actually.
Can it be this song, actually?
That was that's beautiful.
Who has the vocal chops to sing that?
I don't even.
Maybe Jake.
You heard of this new guy, Jake?
He's pretty good.
No.
No, it seems like that could work, right?
It's kind of a squirrely little guy.
He's got a sexual energy to him.
Who?
Jake.
Case is cousin, I think.
I don't do it.
I don't care.
I just write the lyrics.
That's true.
Hey, you're not me, but from the future, but I'm dead, right?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No.
Okay.
Or his sis break.
Whoa, he's got a sister.
I don't even know he has a sister named break, but I guess he's technically my cousin,
too.
So I should know that.
Yeah, man.
You don't keep up with your family very well.
Look, I'm busy.
I'm fucking an LA.
Fucking I'm working 24 seven basically.
Right.
Okay.
Break.
All right.
Tonight, I'm crumbing to get you.
Let's find a track.
Most of my producing is done by searching YouTube and copyright freestyle libraries.
So we'll start with a classic, an absolute classic epidemic sound.
Search, track search.
We'll find something.
Blondie one way or another.
Sure.
Okay.
We're going to try R&B first.
Let's see.
Popular.
It's a little intense.
We need the mood to be a little more sensual.
Smooth.
And sexy.
We've heard that one.
I'm listening.
What do we take out smooth?
What do we just go for sexy?
Okay.
I'm sold.
Print it, baby.
That's what you're working with.
Ghost producer.
So get on that.
Again, I don't, I don't care at all.
I'm dead, dude.
My concerns are beyond this plane.
My only concern is crafting high quality lyrics on a short time scale.
And we're going to do that right now.
Let me just make sure this song is loaded up.
Let's make sure it's loaded up.
All right.
Music.
Boom.
Nice.
All right.
Okay.
Lyrics.
That's what we need.
People cry out for more lyrics.
We'll play this song to kind of inspire us.
Kind of loop this bad.
Turn it down a little bit.
Sensual munch goodness.
Should we make him sing it?
I feel like he won't want to.
He can already sense his spectral whaling.
But I'm down to do it.
Garret.
I think you gotta throw a girl in there.
But instead we'll say, we'll replace girl with crumb.
All the times where you want to say,
girl in this song, you gotta say crumb instead.
Crumb.
Started over.
This is the bridge.
This is the chorus, I'm assuming.
Hey, this is about fucking.
We need a chorus.
And the chorus is, I guess, just tonight.
I'm crumbin' to get you.
Oh, tonight.
I'm crumbin' to get you.
Tonight.
I'm crumbin' to get you.
Okay, that worked.
Just three times.
Now we just need to see how we can fill up
how many lyrics we really need.
There's a version with lyrics.
Different versions.
Whatever.
I'm not impressed.
Show them.
I'll show them.
Feel dumb, something.
I guess they don't need as many lyrics when it's a
something, something, something.
Feel dumb.
Crumbin' on belulia.
Got me debatein' myself.
I feel dumb and smoother over here.
Why is that gorilla in the corner?
Why is he lookin' at you like that?
That doesn't quite work.
Let's see if these lyrics are actually enough to fill it.
Yeah.
Crumbin' yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Crumbin' yeah.
Yeah.
Crumbin' yeah.
Yeah.
Crumbin' yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Baw ahead shiny, lookin' like it did in the plate.
I'ma take your zombie ass on a fancy date.
Got me debatein' myself.
I feel dumb.
I'ma eat you up.
I'ma leave no crumbs.
I need more lyrics.
Little more.
Two.
Two.
Ba-ba-boo-ba-bump.
How many lyrics do I really need?
Seems like maybe eight stanzas?
And then you know ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Straight to the heart.
Crumbin' so hard it feels so hypnotic.
Okay.
It's goin' in.
Crumbin' so hard it feels so hypnotic.
Okay.
Smooth head smooth as eggs.
Your breakfast and I want it.
Crumbin' so hard it feels so hypnotic.
Something like that.
Crumbin' so loud.
Symphonic.
Okay, we'll just- we'll just fucking add that too.
Now I'm crumbin' so loud.
It's a crumb symphonic.
Okay.
Your loves- maybe debate.
Your loves the debate I can't lose.
See your milky dead head and I know what I choose.
Seein' red but my heart goes blue.
Blue.
Ooh.
Blue.
I choose you.
Okay.
Maybe that's enough lyrics?
For this part?
This part?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm coming for you.
I'm coming for you, yeah, yeah.
I'm coming for you.
I'm bald, okay.
Bald head shiny lookin' like it's in a plate.
I'ma take your zombie ass on a fancy date.
Got me debating myself and I feel dumb.
I'm gonna eat you up.
I'ma leave no crumbs.
Head smooth as eggs.
You're the breakfast I want.
Crumbin' so hard that I can't- I have to adjust that line.
Through the head, that's the breakfast.
I got breakfast and I want it.
Crumbin' so hard, yeah.
Now it feels so hypnotic.
Now I'm crumbin' so loud that it's got in symphonic.
Your loves the debate that I can't lose.
See your milky dead head and I know the side of the debate I'll choose.
Okay.
Tonight I'm coming to get you crumb.
Tonight I'm coming to get you crumb.
Tonight I'm coming.
I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming to get you.
Okay, something like that.
Let me just make sure this is the right amount of lyrics.
So once we get that locked in, this is a-
We're already there basically.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Bald head, shiny lookin' like it's in a plate.
I'ma take your zombie ass on a real fancy date.
Got me debating myself and I feel dumb.
I'm gonna eat you up.
I'ma leave no crumbs.
Egg smooth ahead, you're the breakfast and I want it.
Crumbin' so hard that I feelin' hypnotic.
Now I'm crumbin' so loud it's a crumb symphonic.
It's a crumb symphonic.
Tonight I'm coming to get you crumb.
Tonight I'm coming to get you crumb.
Tonight I'm coming to-
Okay, very much work.
So I don't even need these.
We'll just end on symphonic.
We'll use these other lyrics later.
This seems more like a bridge.
Why is that gorilla in the corner?
That can sort of be our interlude.
Um, we need that Rick James gift from the Eddie Murphy song
when you're spittin' all that fire.
Thank you.
Thank you, but I'm just a writer.
Uh...
Crumb?
Your love's the debate I can't lose.
See a milky dead head I know which side I will choose.
See a red bum my heart beats blue.
Crumb every time I choose you.
Uh, right.
But now we need a rhyme for corner.
Well, we don't- cause it's the bridge.
The bridges don't have to rhyme.
That's why we can just kinda jam that in the bridge.
And we get some royalty free moans over top of this.
Absolutely.
Or I can just make the moans.
How many lyrics was this?
One, two, three, and then you just repeat the last part.
Okay, we're already almost there.
Um, your love's the debate I can't lose.
Your milky dead head and I know what I choose.
See a red bum my heart beats blue.
Crumb every time I choose you.
So that should probably be the last one.
I get a few points every time I come through.
Uh, that works.
I mean, whatever.
Corner.
Oh, corner and mourner do rhyme.
That's good.
Uh, what else about crumb?
His name is crumb.
His other name is Leonard.
What was it, Confucius?
What rhymes with fuchsious?
Art of war?
My heart's so Confucius.
I love, now we're talking...
Crumbfucius.
Doesn't really make sense, but, uh,
it's never stopped us before.
How do you even spell crumbfucius?
How do you spell confucius?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, there we go.
Who he is kind of racist.
Well, this can kind of rebuild his image, maybe.
Alright, that seems fine.
So we already got, now we're at the bridge.
What's the bridge even sound like on this?
But my heart bleeds blue, I'm a better few,
but it is when the crumb comes through.
Crumb every time.
I choose you.
Ungragas?
From the initial spot of lyrics?
That doesn't really, you can just put the chorus there again.
And then this is the bridge.
What's that gorilla doing in there?
Somebody gonna have to call a corner.
Gobba Lulia.
Guess my heart needs a mourner.
I don't know.
More bridge stuff.
Just kind of talk about a bunch of stuff that rhymes with corner in the bridge.
Okay.
Da-da-da!
I think we're gonna change it to tonight I'm caught crumbing to get your love.
Cause then it's sexy.
And then we pretty much are done.
Just go straight from the bridge to the final chorus.
Okay.
I have quite enough lyrics on the second verse though.
Da-da-da coming, I'm coming in.
Your love's the debate I can't lose.
See your milky dead head and I know what I choose.
Art of war?
Yeah my heart's so confucius.
Art of love?
Now we're talking, crumb-fucius.
Seeing red but my heart bleeds blue.
I'm a better few points when the crumb comes through.
Crumb every time.
I choose you.
I choose you.
I choose you.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming.
Okay yeah that's fine.
I think we're there.
I think we're done.
We just need, well you know we need more bridge lyrics.
What's that gorilla doing in the corner?
Somebody might have to call the corner.
Call Belulia, I don't know the spell her name.
We need a mourner.
What else arrives with corner mourner?
Uh, boner?
Borner?
Boner doesn't really rhyme with, I guess it kind of rhymes with mourner.
What crumbs racist so don't bring a foreigner.
Uh, horner?
Hornier?
He just don't have a rhyme that well?
B-born-er?
Hornier?
He's a mushy sucky.
Got voice, got me getting hornier.
Man I spelled bad so sucky voice.
Getting me hornier.
Hornier?
I can't help it.
Song's getting hornier.
Don't do a pants check.
Cause I got a boner.
That seems good to me.
That seems solid.
And then if there's not enough lyrics,
whoever's singing this can just kind of ramble.
Boom.
Alright.
Sick.
I think we're good to go.
It's just that easy.
Got a...
Munch mumble rap.
Should we make Munch do this?
What are our options even?
Who could even pull this off?
Get the singer in the booth, yeah we gotta get out of here.
We'll just pick somebody.
Boo, you know what?
We'll just use that coach that was dangling around earlier.
I saw him talking to that dog collecting a check.
So we'll use him.
Alright, let's have our DJ load up this beat.
DJ back to you.
Wow.
It's just that fast guys.
When you're working with a real pro like that, you know?
The music it just floods in.
Coach McGurk.
The classic.
Coach McGurk song.
Alright.
Is our template good to go?
Check, check.
Come on.
A check, check, check.
A check, check, check.
Yes, it's recording.
Might be a little desynced but whatever.
We need our song.
One moment please.
Where is it?
Okay, there's our track.
I don't need you to play the track computer.
I need you to load it.
There it is.
Alright.
Okay.
Now you're going to be hearing this without any effects.
So be gentle to our coach here.
So I'm assuming he's doing his best.
I have no idea if this guy is a singer or what.
It's kind of like when you get one of those mall jobs, you know?
Like a mall singing booth is how I'm feeling today.
We're kind of downscaling because we're not working with like a pro artist.
No offense coach but it's called like it is.
That's pretty fucking mean.
I don't know.
I don't know if we're being rude.
I was told this is for charity.
Is this for charity?
Yeah, this is, don't even worry coach.
This is for charity.
What charity?
Crumbs Across America?
Oh, for like food?
Yeah.
Okay, because again I'm not a singer so.
Well, but you love charity.
I do.
I've always been a big fan of charity.
I'm off the field.
It's all about the community.
I'm proud to be a member of the kids coaching community.
It's the thing.
Okay, coach.
What sport do you coach?
Name of sport.
It's all about the kids, man.
And then growing, learning, winning.
Not to be confused with crumbing for kids.
I don't want to talk about what?
Is that a joke about the male G spot?
What?
Oh, nothing.
Um, all right.
You got my lyrics for me?
Because I'm not a freestyler, so I will need.
Can I like spend some time familiarizing myself with the lyrics in the song?
No.
Who's that?
That's our ghost writer.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'm going to sing this in a but it own day.
It's a little country.
Oh, oh man.
Hey girl.
Oh, what you want to do now?
That's still a little country.
Fuck.
I'm just going to have to do my best.
All right.
Wow.
Wow.
It's going to be kind of a country R&B, I guess.
I don't know.
Well, let's see how it goes.
All right.
I'm not afraid to try.
Look, you training is all about being hard on yourself.
And I plan to be really hard on my performance here.
So don't even worry.
Oh, that doesn't always work that well with artistic stuff.
Now I'm going to be really hard on myself to get it right.
So we're going to get it right.
Charity is a hell of a woman.
Hey, come on now.
Come on now, guys.
Let's focus up.
This is for charity.
And if it's for Lady Name Charity, then we still need to do a good job.
Tonight I'm crumming to get you.
Boy, that fella down in that sweaty room that they yelled each other in.
He could use a pick me up.
So for crumbs across America from Coach McGurk, this one goes out to all the hungry kids.
Sure.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're crummy.
We're crummy.
We're crummy now.
We're crummy now.
We're crummy now.
Bald head shiny looking like a dinner plate.
I'm a take your zombie ass on a fancy date.
Got me debating myself.
I feel dumb.
I'm eating up and baby, I'm leaving no crumbs.
Egg smooth ahead.
You're my breakfast and I want it.
Crummy so hard now I feel so hypnotic.
Now I'm crumming so loud.
It's a crump and Sonic.
It's a crump symphonic.
It's a crump symphonic.
Tonight I'm crumming to get you.
Tonight I'm crumming to get your love.
Tonight I'm crumming to get your love.
Tonight I'm crumming to get your love.
Tonight I'm crumming to get your love.
To get your love.
To get your love.
Yeah.
See a milky dead head and I know that you're the one I want to choose.
Art of war.
I fucked it up.
I fucked that part up.
We pause.
The style here is actually sort of that we don't pause.
So if you could just keep going through those.
Yeah, don't worry about it.
Oh, but I totally couldn't tell what I was supposed to be reading.
Don't worry about it.
You just not pause like that.
Okay.
Should I take it from the top?
No.
Oh, okay.
Um, let's try this again then I guess, but just from the random ass middle.
Whatever.
All right.
I'm not afraid to keep going.
Okay.
Can we just kind of like play the last track and I'll just, maybe I can add to the chorus or something.
How did it sound?
Now I'm probably so loud as the.
I fucked that part up too.
Could we at least redo that?
Fine.
I just, I'd like to do a good job.
Okay.
From the middle of the top.
Where are we starting from?
I just rerun it if you're going to be like this.
I don't mean to be rude.
Just isn't it normal to do more than one pass?
No.
All right.
Just run it back.
I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm coming.
I'm coming over.
I'm coming over.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bald head shining like a dinner plate.
I'm going to take your zombie ass on a fancy date.
Got me debating myself.
I feel dumb.
I'm going to eat you up.
I'm going to leave no crumbs.
Egg smooth.
Yeah.
You're my breakfast and I want it.
Crumbing so hard.
Now I'm feeling so hypnotic.
Now I'm crumbing so loud.
It's a crumb symphonic.
It's a crumb symphonic.
It's a crumb symphonic.
Yeah.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
I'm coming.
Your love's the debate that I can't lose.
See, I milk your dead head and I want to choose.
Art of war.
Yeah, my heart's so confucius.
Art of love.
Now we're talking crumb fucius.
Seeing red, but my heart bleeds blue.
I'm about a few points when the crumb comes through.
Crumb every time.
I choose you.
I choose you.
Yeah.
Crumb, I choose you.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
I'm coming to get your love.
Why's that gorilla there in the corner?
Somebody might have to call up the corner.
Call Baloolya because we need a foreigner.
But crumb's racist so it's not a foreigner.
This mushy, sucky voice gets me horny.
I can't help it but the song's getting horny.
Don't do a pants check, baby.
Because I got a massive bone.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
Tonight I'm coming to get your love.
I think I might just have a little look at that crown.
Oh my God, he's dead!
Does that work?
Does that work, man?
Yeah, that's good enough to do whatever.
Okay, is that it?
Oh yeah, you're done.
Yeah, get outta here.
Sorry, you only booked the time for,
I didn't book the time, I don't plan on paying for this.
Excuse me?
Dude?
You asked me to come do this.
You booked the time after we asked you to book the time.
How much is it?
$600 per 10 minutes.
$600 every 10 minutes?
How long has it been?
Couple hours.
No!
No!
I'm just fucking with you, dude.
It's only been a couple minutes.
It'll only be like 1200 bucks.
That's still crazy.
Ah, that's fine, dude, we're just fucking with you.
It's only been a couple minutes.
It'll just be like 1200 bucks.
The artist, I thought.
This is for charity.
Oh, sorry, you don't wanna help the charity
by paying for the time?
Shut up and get out.
Listen to the card king.
Okay, well, I'll just contact my lawyer.
Is that who does your payments?
Why don't you just contact my lawyer?
Okay, we'll do that.
Sick, guys.
We fucking got it.
God, nightmare to work with, nightmare artist.
God, we just deal with some nightmare artists here.
But sometimes you deal with the worst of the worst.
Totally unprofessional.
Why are you still talking?
Go back to Nebraska.
God, is that as card king.
I'm not from Nebraska, so you can't be talking to me.
We need the serial killer for the backing track.
Oh, we need a serial killer for the backing track?
Do we know any serial killers?
Chase does have that one guy who's like a serial killer.
Oh, yeah, he's easy to work with.
Eddie?
Oh, yeah, Eddie's a pro.
We could get him.
Okay, sure.
We can do a quick sort of AdLib pass
with our boy Eddie, Absolute Pro.
Jeb, it was Jeb the serial killer.
I don't know him.
Are you scared of Jeb?
I'm not scared of Jeb.
I don't know him.
I don't wanna work with him.
Let's not do Jeb.
Wow, what do you have against Jeb?
Can we just not deal with Jeb?
He's weird to ghosts.
All right, I guess we'll get Eddie in here
for a quick backing track real quick.
Okay, Eddie, so we kinda need you to be sensual
and smooth but whispery and threatening.
I can probably make that work.
Okay, we'll just assume you can.
No lyrics needed to do, just whatever.
You're kind of vibing on.
Let me actually get the auto tune right for this.
We might also have to sync the audio a little bit
the work of Coach McGurk who's an amateur, unfortunately.
This is an E minor.
This whole bad boy is an E minor.
Okay, that's fine.
Hermitric, Pitch Correction.
He's gonna need some of that.
He's gonna be needing some of that.
Minor, E.
Let's see how we're doing.
Don't mention minor around this guy.
Noted, that's a fair point.
Okay, these are professional editing tools.
Most editors are gonna wanna work with a audio recording,
audition, that's what the pros use.
Yeah, shoddy like I'm a tick your zombie ass on a fancy date.
Got me debating myself, I feel dumb.
I'ma eat you up, I'ma leave no grumpy.
Egg smooth, yeah, you're my breakfast and I want it.
Grumming so hard, now I'm feeling so hypnotic.
What if we just turn his voice down?
We do that?
Does that sound terrible?
It might make it sound worse.
What if we just pitch shift this shit way down?
What's bigger, semitones are sense I can never remember.
Looks like semitones are bigger.
What if we just drop him by like four?
Well, we'll try three.
Now I'm coming so loud, it's a grumpy party.
It's a grumpy.
Let's drop it even more.
What does it sound like when it's twice that dropped?
That's a little too much.
Negative four, high precision is what we need.
Look at that head, that's what I do.
Part of war, yeah my heart's up your points
Just a little off the beat.
Maybe we can sync it up using him saying grumpy.
That'll do it.
All right, murder guy.
Yes, can I help you?
Just, we're gonna do a real quick Adler Pass
and we gotta get the fuck out of here.
Right, okay, can do.
And you're gonna tune me up after this.
So I wanna sound smooth.
Yeah, that's fine, okay.
Okay, is that good?
No, but that's it.
Perfect, okay, thanks so much guys.
That'll do it, that'll do it probably
for the whole stream actually.
I think we're solid now on everything we needed.
Why did you let him leave?
I guess we did have him contained.
Now you know, maybe I'll have a few friends soon.
You guys are so worried about losing
your fleshy meat sacks, but don't worry,
it's not so bad in the spectral way.
It's fine.
You've been stabbed by the power of music.
Great work, everybody.
Well, work everybody.
That was, we did work everybody.
Yep, work.
Well, we did, great everybody.
Yeah, great everybody, there we go.
All right, let's see who's on.
We're crumbing to raid someone.
We probably shouldn't do any crumbing raids
because it sounds kinda scary.
Time to raid Bree to get some nice laid back,
not serial killer vibes.
Yeah, I guess this stream does have
a little bit of a serial killer vibe.
Looks like Bree and T-Lates are streaming together.
So I'll raid one, but secretly raid both.
All right, enjoy the rest of your night, everybody.
We were crumbing to get this stream.
There's a chance if there's time
that case might be on tomorrow.
But also, we gotta prep for the massive.
I think that's called the Lake Firework weekend,
celebrating America's proud history of lakes and fireworks,
I think is what the holiday's all about.
So that'll be happening this weekend.
A case will be gone possibly from now until next Monday,
but if there's time, possibly back tomorrow.
All right.
Oh, it's Matt's birthday.
There you go.
It's Matt's birthday weekend.
That's what we're really all about.
All right.
For me, DJ C4, who's not a case?
We'll see you possibly tomorrow,
and if not, we'll see you in a week.
Say hi to T-Lates and...
Saddux later for me.
The Bree and the Christine dual stream.
They're mine crafting it up.
But my craft is done.
So we'll see you later.
Bye-bye.
Oh yes, crummy.