I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I've been 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, let's do it!
It seems like it's working.
Yeah, I think we're fine.
So far it's holding.
The internet is holding strong.
Yeah, this feels right.
Everything perfectly in balance the way it was always intended to be.
Oh my, okay.
Um, I get text right as we start.
How could they?
Good to see everyone.
We seem to be working.
Those gray sides coming in.
Yeah, I'm slowly growing some gray sides.
Oh, the rare good job graphic.
Thank you so much.
Forget that you can even do that.
The hair, it is mostly a new haircut.
And it's wet right now because I had to splop it down because it was shooting off in every direction.
Pulling it off?
No, I mean I'm kind of excited for them to go more gray.
I'll be sad once it creeps all the way up to here maybe.
But maybe then I just go blonde again.
Maybe that's the move.
Oh, Jesus.
You didn't get enough yesterday?
How much does he require?
How much does this train require?
More fluids?
I know new fluids.
He's tricked you all.
It's the same fluid every time.
Oh well, yeah, I mean I'm sure he's here.
I have trained what's up.
What do you think's up?
What wouldn't be up?
I'm up.
I'm up and up and up.
Yeah!
Oh!
We're popping off early today.
I think we're out of this.
That's actually not true.
Right?
You get me, baby.
What you still got plenty of is...
You're puberty and an uroburro?
You're eating yourself?
Yeah, that's how puberty works for trains.
You go through puberty the first time that you fuck that out.
What is that?
You're just telling me to go fuck myself?
No, I'm not going to train puberty.
Give me a deep emotional BK so I can discuss the process of train puberty.
Is what I've just typed in.
And great news, everyone.
I found it right away.
Great news hype train.
Look at this.
You won't last five seconds.
Not crying to this.
You see?
Look how sad Bart is.
I'm sorry to put everyone in a...
to pull tears out of you guys this fast.
But this is how Bart feels right now.
And there's... I don't think there's anything we can do about that.
That's some days... some days that's just how you feel.
You feel straight, teary-eyed Bart Simpson.
That's how puberty works when you are a train.
It happens when you fuck yourself.
Okay?
Yeah, that's fine. I'm not arguing with you hype train.
That's good because you don't know what train puberty is like, Case.
Only I know.
It happens when you finally get your genitals backwards-reban
on the way to the back where your whole city and where you slotted in.
It's sort of like you are the Martian man.
Hunter meaning you can pass through matter my friend.
But in this case the matter is your body.
And you've been fucking yourself so good that you now are a hot.
Poked up with that estrogen man.
And also testosterone just because you know you can.
And now you're rippling with muscles and some giant tits friend.
You've gone through train puberty and now the fun never ends.
Oh, oh, oh.
I don't have any questions hype train.
Yes you do.
You don't want to know how it works?
You know it, I get it. You explained it.
No, that's not how this works, Case. You don't get it.
No, I find hype train that you fuck yourself to go through puberty.
But did you understand Case? That it is- it's not about tucking.
It's actually about moving through your own body and fucking yourself.
Yes, you don't get it.
Well, no I do.
No, I can tell you don't get it, Case.
You need to have it explained more.
They should teach this in schools?
Just like my body leveled up when I fucked myself.
So puberty you consider puberty leveling up?
This is for trains it's like leveling up in an RPG.
Unlock level 26 puberty and I'm feeling like the shit.
Because now I have rippled up, train is living.
I went through train puberty and now everything's changed.
And it's not the same. I've also got huge biceps that I love to flex.
Because you know what I did, Case? I had some self sex.
And by that I don't mean that I wrap my shit to the back.
I mean that I fucked myself through my own soul.
I really moved to the back of my- oh-ho straight through my train body
like I had no motion. But I had all the motion.
I'm fucking myself no lotion. I'm the hype train.
And I fucked through puberty and now I'm finally, finally, finally, finally free.
But I'm also from hell.
And that's sort of the contradiction at the heart of my soul, Case.
I'm free from going through puberty, but I'm also trapped in hell.
And that's how it is. That's just how it is.
That's how the hype train has- that's how I live.
What?
That's how I live. But also why I'm trapped in sin.
And that is how the hype train is.
How I always live. I'm trapped in sin.
But I'm also trapped through puberty and then-
That's great. Look at SpongeBob.
This is how much what you're saying is upset SpongeBob.
Can you thank the subs now that you've got it out of your system?
No, man. It's in my system. And that's what you're not understanding.
Now today, today I get it.
With so many levels of hype train, you're- you're truly doing- you're doing great.
And I support it.
No, I can tell that you're just saying that, Case.
I support it. And I appreciate all the subs. Could you thank them?
I think they still need to know how I grew some kids. They did not grow slow.
I had to fuck my body straight through my own drain.
So, and now I got giant muscles and some rocking tits.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You see, he's writing on his teeth.
Yeah, yeah. Say it, Case.
Say what?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah?
I'll kill you real much
Yes
You just are trying to placate me and I need you to actually understand what I'm saying
Just think the subtype thing
I think I still need to know more about my situation
I get it, you fucked yourself but not by tucking, it moved through your body?
It moved through my soul case and my body
Like to bench in the Martian Manhunter's power to sort of move between matter but that for my
Viennial's
And that's how I fucked myself
Okay, yeah great you've explained it more explicitly but not no not explicitly please
accurate accurate
Let's go. Let's talk about it. Some more
No
No, fine if you want to
See you just want to contradict me
I'm just not gonna say anything
I'm not gonna
Why do you need to disagree with me so badly?
No, that's your problem case. I actually agree with you and I've never not agreed with you know that it's true
Okay, I just fucked myself
Okay, yes, I understand
You know, I will be honest about this type train you look the exact same except for the last several streams
You've been pasty white
Okay, yeah, great you did
Jesus thank you
Top
That is to the amount of support from Tam Tran lately is truly insane. I do appreciate it, but I hope you don't
Spud
What am I supposed to say to that hype train?
I gotta think some subs actually case
Do it?
Yeah
Look at this one look at this look at this image
He didn't get around to it at all at all. He think two subs
Well, he think 20 subs because Tam Tran such a maniac and then another five subs
Because oh
He didn't what the heck there were so many subs and he didn't get to any of them
Well, okay, yes, as I just clarified I guess he did he barely got to thanking everyone for their subs
But Peter, can you just can you pick up the slack here? Why is that my job?
What did I do?
To make me have to do any work ever case
That sounds like
Your problem. That's all I'm asking you to do
Just take the subs
This new rap style from everyone is
It's a choice, I guess
14 years right sure
That you both
You
Tell your saying your smell does not moving what the vice moving now
Move the mic move the mic out of your body. You're doing some train puberty stuff right now, but be does now it's supposed to work
I can't help it. I've got unlimited powers. I
Have got whatever I play superheroes. I say every power when you play superheroes
I'm a tiny dog. I love to play. Okay. Well anyway, thank you all so much for the support
I'm trying to give you for the ridiculous amount of subs that you have a
Bless our channel with as well as everybody for dropping the fives and the ones all the
Net this point multiple years. We've been doing this. I honestly do appreciate it
And I don't know what any of you are doing and I don't get it. But Pupito's a dog
That's the first honest thing cases said
Okay, first they came from a duo munch is next
His munch I guess munch is sort of a desperate desperate of a
Less defined and less real place
But I don't think they well anyway, we'll get into that probably
America where you can't have healthcare but you can rebuild other countries that you bombed
Yes, that does seem to be what we're going for currently
They should take his boot of the Disney Grand California bar to get her a cookie shot
I'm sure we'll be at Disney at some point in the next
month
some two months I've kind of
convinced
Kendall to maybe do like Disney every two months, which I do think is good for my my sanity and everyone's
But that's still a lot so we'll have another shot soon
It's a new year in a whole new world to end I do yeah, I consider every time it's a new year that we're in a different
Sort of a different planet. I think we reality shift every year. Okay. Well, we haven't talked about the news in a
Two weeks ish. I kind of took two weeks off. I'm sure
I'm sure it'll be the usual normal fun stuff if I hit the news button and we talk about some news
Back again
Kendall needs to go at least once a week if she's going to compete with the big park influencers case
Quit holding your girlfriend back with your desperate need to not
Seem like a Disney adult, which you clearly are. I mean, I I think I can't deny the allegations at this point. I've been
Like 36 times in the last three years. Oh
Well, that's actually not that impressive don't you dare call yourself a Disney adult happy fifth anniversary of nothing happening in DC
Oh god, I forgot
It's so sad, you know, we say never forget about all these important national events
You know how we said never forget after January 6th
Is that I don't feel like anyone said that
Mmm, was that just me was I the only one saying that?
Yeah, it is January 6th
What was I doing for me when January 6 happened
I was taking my dog for a walk on a golf course and I'll never forget that that's beautiful
I remember pulling up my phone and seeing the photo of everybody standing in line
Between the ropes to do their riding once they were inside the Capitol building
It was a beautiful. What a beautiful time a simpler time. Was it simpler? I maybe
It was a different time. Was it? I don't maybe let's get into the news everyone
You didn't even pull up a headline for me
How could you do this to me case?
Well
I've been fucked over by case for the last time not pulling up headlines for me
And it's the new year so it's finally legal for me to kill you purge style. I don't I don't think that was
Established
Isn't that the new law there's no law?
Now I don't think for us I think for us there's more laws if you're in charge. There's no laws. I feel pretty in charge
Shoot that that does legally that's a legally counts now so I can kill you purge style you can but
Don't
All right, I've got my eye on you
How would you kill me in my sleep hmm, this is a really good question is it this feels
Unnecessarily threatening to me. Yeah, but it's come on case just hypothetically. How would I kill you?
Are you asking me?
Give me the chance to pick can you stop threatening to kill me?
I'll consider it. You'll consider that stopping threatening me. I'm just trying to follow the
strong leadership of our nation pick up on the national vibe and behave appropriately and
By that I mean I'm just going to threaten to kill anyone that bothers me for even a second
It seems like this does seem like a topic for HR. That's where you're wrong case
It's now fine to talk like this you can threaten anyone you want whenever you want and that's just how it is
might may vote now hmm
Saturday night or something I don't like that you're
Even making a 1% of sense Jeff
Look, I'm just following the precedent set by our beautiful leaders
How would you want to be killed in the purge? Oh, that's a good question snoo snoo
Or any people who aren't fans of future Rama just go watch that episode
Which ones that the b slash Amazon one or is there those different ones?
You don't even know your future Rama references. I know they're never mind
Was it a tie?
Shit, I didn't even see what is a tie with I'm gonna say fucking one
January 6 can be a purge day where all laws are still in place
But you get pardoned if you break them
That's an even more exciting purge because then you get like two news cycles out of it
You think we don't get one new cycle out of the purge
Maybe we'd get two or three days out of the purge because you get the day leading up to the purge
And then the day after the purge, but then we got to move on to
Whatever other atrocities we're committing
Just to be clear it's purge day for the government at all times. Yes, our government is in full purge mode internationally
but coming to a
Local municipality near you soon the government behaving purge style towards whoever they want I suspect
Well unrelated to whatever case is talking about
You didn't even pull up a picture for me have you forgotten how to do this
Do what have one picture ready to go if that is the metric then yes, I seem to have forgotten
I
Caracas Washington is in talks to export Venezuelan oil to the US
Via Caracas or something whatever
government officials in Caracas and Washington are discussing exporting Venezuelan crude to refineries in the United States
Five government industries and shipping sources told Reuters on Tuesday a deal that could divert supplies away from China
While helping state company PDVSA avoid deeper output cuts
The talks are the first sign that the Venezuelan government is responding to President Donald Trump's demand that they open up to US oil companies or risk
more military intervention I
Thought we already did all the military intervention
We can always do more I guess
Cart King says can you just walk into a barber and get the Saddam Hussein or do you have to train the mustache like that?
This one this this mustache right here. I don't see it
I do see it. I didn't really so tall Maduro was who zoom in and hands on that mustache though Wow
That's a pretty good mustache
He's got the silver fox going on
Because it like anyway and all these photos of Maduro doing his perp walks. He's like towering over everybody
They're not doing propaganda right. They should have found a way to make him shorter because now I'm just thinking about how cool
And tall he is
Large strike
Here we go. Look at this tall. I
Almost said King, but I don't want to get myself in trouble. That's good be as cowardly as possible
I don't know he's kind of towering over all of these
supposedly imposing DEA agents
Anyway for anyone who doesn't know we we bombed the shit out of Venezuela and then stole their elected leader
Yeah, we kidnapped the elected leader of Venezuela, but I'm guessing people probably already know that well just in case
Am I am I saying that right we bombed another country and then stole their leader. Yeah, that's
That's exactly what happened
Chats already saying they didn't know he was tall or already providing news value here
He was he has the president he has the president of sovereign nation is this bad that is the question I've been asking myself
Is it bad
When you bomb another nation that was open to negotiating
Steal their leader and leave the same rest of the party in power
Yes, now that's what case says, but I've been hearing
That also some people just don't care so those are the two options. It's bad or I don't care
There's got to be another option, but I'm waiting to hear people explain why it's good, but there's got to be a
Good reason. I mean the rationale of the administration is explicitly that they want oil
That's what they're all saying and the fact they're saying it so much makes me feel like they probably want something else
But we have moved beyond the the step at least as everyone has pointed out of having to justify things in grand moralist terms
Like we're restoring democracy. They're trying to do a little of that, but it doesn't make any sense
Trump is just explicitly saying that he'll install whoever he wants
It seems like they've
Possibly cut a deal with Maduro's
second in command essentially to take over in a way that's beneficial to the United States
But Duro though was seemingly completely open to striking beneficial deals for the United States bringing in American oil companies
To set up infrastructure and export as much oil as we wanted
So my suspicion is that the reason we did this is just to throw our floppy balls all around
That's your
international politics
Heuristic there are floppy balls. I think yeah, we want to take our sagging but large balls and droop them all over
in the all of South America I
Think that's essentially the the the that that's the statecraft that we've got going on now
This is probably some kind of move to interdicts
The BRICS nations as much as we can
it's flailing and incompetent and
the sign of a nation in decline in my opinion, but
We can still do plenty of damage
For a whole ever much we might be in decline. It does seem that we are still
The unquestioned hegemon of at least this hemisphere and literally no one in power seems to be
Doing or saying anything about what we've done
And by that I mean both the Democratic Party where Chuck Schumer essentially said boy, it's a shucks
I wish they talked to us about this first
And then Europe which completely was like no it's good and I think China said hey, we don't like this
But I mean understandably what are they gonna do?
It's pretty it's pretty depressing. It's pretty depressing stuff
There doesn't seem to be any like tangible active resistance to this
so
Again, I don't want to be all gloom and doom about it, but yeah, we basically just
Flopped ourselves into another nation stole their leader
They completely meddled in a foreign country in a way that I suspect will in the long term horrifically
destabilize it lead to all sorts of problems
And you know in the short term none of the people who did it seem like they'll face any consequences
Canada spoke out against it
Israel did the eyes real I think released the official statement of just dot dot dot nice
I think that that's actual quote card game
China's gonna take Taiwan. Yeah, I mean this also establishes all sorts of terrible precedents, but I mean I
Also, don't want to pretend that this is like the first type of action that the US has taken
In this regard. I mean
You know Gaddafi whatever we've Libya Syria Nigeria. We've been bombing all sorts of other countries
This feels particularly brazen because it's a close neighbor and we straight up stole their leader
Who was actively saying they would negotiate but I mean we have done stuff like this before it's just the
Confluence of circumstances the Trumpiness of it all it makes it feel extra bad
The fact that everyone seems to be bending over backwards to point out that Maduro was such a bad guy that you know
I've complicated feelings about it because their leader was a despot
So of course we should remove them which makes no fucking sense. We work with a million different despots
The only logical response to this is to say well the United States is a horrible
Immoral runaway
oligarch democracy in quotes
Where the people in power will continue to serve themselves in illogical and self-destructive ways
So, you know, I have nothing good to say about this because I don't there's anything good to say about it. It's bad
Well, I'm just saying
Think that's yeah, that seems to be the response they're going for look it just sounds it does sure but also like
They're hoping that we basically I'll make the Tim Allen noise and I'll make it
Can someone remove Trump already I mean at this point I think I would
Throw out whatever other political considerations I have for anyone who runs on the platform of
Once I'm in power. I will arrest Donald Trump and throw him in prison
And that if that was the like only message of the Democratic Party, I would I would be down for it at this point
So if if if gruesome Newsom gets there despite me thinking he's just Trump with a fresher coat of paint in a lot of ways I
Feel vindictive enough towards this guy that I would be I would be down for it a hundred percent
And if they want to sweeten the pot and say I will arrest Trump throw him in prison and try him
Potentially for martial justice great and the rest of his administration too
That's that's if you're looking for case blackwell's vote
I'm down for that
When you have a lunatic doing all the shit. It's impossible to take any actions
Newsom is just the guy from American Psycho. Yeah, I don't think anyone's gonna do that
Extra guy to the Hague. Yeah, send him to um
The same place he's sending all of these
Immigrants that he's bragging about deporting. I would just love it if the Democrats
We started running from right now on the platform of
We will arrest the entire Trump administration as soon as we win
We're going to criminally try them and throw them in jail and the trials won't be particularly fair
It's where it's a witch hunt. We're gonna witch hunt the Trump administration
That's the case black will approve platform for 2028, but I don't think we're gonna get there
We're gonna get the capitulator. Yes. I suspect we will get that
Life is sleazy if you want to run under that platform great
Or that's a platform we're gonna send the entire current administration to live in sleazy for some judge dread style justice
I mean at this point. I don't even feel like what I'm saying is terribly immoral. This is
What they're doing to other countries. So let's run it here. Let's run it here, but from the other side I
Just hope after this Trump brings back the apprentice
That might actually be how he would love to go out
I think you'd like to stay president but get to do the do the apprentice to but maybe it's like other leaders are running
He's trying to show other leaders how to run their countries and he calls it
You probably call it like
God Emperor the God Emperor Trump is the new name of the apprentice and every European leader has to show up and compete
And if they win they get to pay us tariffs. I
Would watch that if they win they get to pay us tariffs
Yes, that is the prize for winning got the God Emperor Trump his new show if you win you get to pay additional tariffs
But if you lose you get bombed
That is sort of just the current situation
Yeah, something like that
Anyway, it's it's I don't know it's it's been a very depressing news cycle
It's very depressing to see how the news has reacted to this news cycle, which is very
capitulating you got the New York Times running articles that are basically like
Obviously we wish he was going about this differently, but I
Mean a wins a win I
Didn't miss that article
It's the general tone of of their coverage. I would say um so let's
Move on to whatever chat has what yeah, let's just let's go with the chat news or I will just um I
Will just become an internal drooms doom scroll on this situation. I will just scroll through all of my doomer opinions
so let's see
What chat has to offer in the chat news department it has been too long. Oh
How I miss the chat news
Where is it though? Oh
There's so much
There's so many articles to click on
Alright, there we go
Boom look at this sad rap case pulled up. Oh
Well, you know what actually before we do here's an Eclipse that I had pulled up you pull up a cliff
Jeff look I just saw Marco Rubio on my timeline. I said I gotta click on this guy
I love him so much. This was him a couple days ago facing the nation
Go bonkers is the Cuban government the Trump administration's next target mr. Secretary
Very quickly. Well, the Cuban government is a huge problem. Yeah
Human government is a huge problem first. So is that a yes Cuba, but I don't think people fully appreciate I
Think they're in a lot of trouble. Yes
I'm not gonna talk to you about what our future steps are gonna be and our policies are gonna be right now in this regard
But I don't think it's any mystery that we are not big fans of the Cuban regime who by the way are the ones that
We're propping up Maduro his entire like internal security force his internal security
Opera apparatus is entirely controlled by Cubans one of the untold stories here is how in essence you talk about colonization
Because I think you said delci Rodriguez mentioned that the ones who have sort of colonized at least inside the regime are Cubans
It was Cubans that guarded Maduro. He was not guarded by Venezuelan bodyguards
He had Cuban bodyguards in terms of their internal intelligence who spies on who inside to make sure there are no traders
Those are all Cubans
He's got the Cuban fembots guys
Maduro doing that doing the Austin power scene just making all the Cuban fembots sort circuit with how sexy he is
That was my takeaway to case good. Yeah, anyway
Marco Rubio for a long time like a lot of
Conservative Cuban expats has sort of been beating his chest
Trying to push the United States into a more open conflict with Cuba to basically overthrow their government
these sorts of steps against Venezuela some suspect could be
largely influenced by figures like him in
an attempt to lay the groundwork to
Really just stifle out any thing remotely close to socialism communism in South America. I
Don't know. I don't mean I really don't know what'll happen. This feels like a big dumb overreach to me
I do think if the United States embroils itself in
multi-polar conflicts with a
Bunch of different South American nations
Greenland which also somehow is back on the chopping block
Whatever other country we decide we're just gonna do our new naked type of imperialism against really do think we could overextend ourselves
pretty easily
Also if China wants to they could essentially crash our economy at any point
Just by fucking with our bond market and the amount of debt that they own
so there are
Potentially still some checks against completely unchecked American imperial power
Though again the response to Venezuela and what we've done over there
Makes that feel like and maybe that's just likely to happen still but
These are the moves of like a very incompetent and bumbling empire in my opinion because it was just so unnecessary
And
I don't know what really ends it serves other than
attempting to look strong in the face of
Shrinking American economic superiority over specifically China and the Bricks nations in general so
Stay tuned. Oh
The one bright spot though of all of this if I can find the clip in case you missed it
if you remember our coverage of
the Nobel Peace Prize last year the winner a
Marina of whatever
Machado Machado
Who in my opinion despite being a complete war monger in a way that is actually born fruit unfortunately
She won the Nobel Peace Prize
Seemingly because they were really trying to grease the wheels for her to take over
sorry Venezuela in the events of a
Of overthrowing their government which we've now not really done. We've just overthrown their president
Anyway, everyone suspected and shaggy. Thank you so much
for the community sub
Anyway the expectation was in the event of what just happened they would try to position her to take over
With new elections or just install her however. This is what Trump had to say
The opposition leader Machado and have you been in contact with her they asked where is Machado and have you been in in contact with her?
On Monday, I think it would be very tough for her to be the leader
She doesn't have the support within or the respect within the country. She's a very nice woman, but she doesn't have the respect
So anyway
He instantly under the bus they did all that work. They gave her a fucking Nobel Peace Prize
They trotted her out on every American news show to be like
I'm a really good guy and does it you know, I just want what's best for everybody
Despite just openly wanting to basically sell the country off to the highest bidder
And because Trump is such a messy bitch
He couldn't help it throw under the bus because he's mad that she won a
The Nobel Peace Prize that he feels like he deserves maybe that's how I happen
Maybe they realized the writing on the wall or they struck some deal with the rest
Of the Venezuelan government, but it is either way
That's my one silver lining guys is she had to eat a big old steaming bowl of shit
She could still easily end up running
For president or whatever if they do new elections, but we'll see if that happens
I think she just offered to give him the peace price and she did that's a good point. She basically
She heard that was like, oh, but what but why what what were we doing all of that for Trump?
I swear to God, I'll give you my peace prize. I don't think that'll work
I think Trump cares enough about optics that he would need the peace prize for some reason awarded
By the actual Nobel Peace Prize Commission. I don't think getting like the ollie
I'm sure he'd take it, but I don't think it would make him forgive her. I think essentially
She's dead to him because she took his toy away a prize isn't a toy case. I well
Tell that to him. I guess I don't know
Okay, let's move on to some chat news everybody
Sloppy. Yeah, he does not want the sloppy seconds Nobel Peace Prize
It don't John says if somehow he got it we should troll him and say that Obama's is better
I mean Obama didn't have to get it. He didn't get a hand me down peace prize. He got the actual
Completely illogical peace prize that he won
Despite the United States being engaged in various military actions across the across the globe
He's still got that peace prize
I mean the fact anybody gives a shit about the Nobel Peace Prize
Given the people who have won it is completely insane
I'm it's not a surprise that Mikado wanted or I really should learn how to say her name or maybe I shouldn't
But of course Trump cares he just wants all the prizes. I mean, I guess that FIFA that FIFA peace prize just wasn't enough for him
Obama's metal could have been bigger. Don't they change the metals and always the same metal
Anyway, whatever isn't the Nobel Peace Prize wasn't Nobel like an arms manufacturer who tried to launder his entire reputation via this
Fraudulent prize that he's been handing out now for nearly a century
Anyway, whatever. Let's read about different stuff
Hundreds gather in Glasgow to watch full force kick in the balls now this feels like the story for the moment
Whatever's happening in your world
Just know we could make a prize out of the way you feel as we all get kicked in the balls to cheers from adoring fans
The avant-garde event was built as a final send-off to male anatomy
before a trans person's bottom surgery
That is not what I expected out of this story
Okay, interesting a poster which circulated online come watch me get kicked in the balls one last time before bottom surgery
Respect that's I'm gonna go ahead and say that's beautiful. I
Hey, it's up to you how you want to celebrate your transition. That's how you want to do it great
I don't I don't think that would be the way I do it
Or maybe that sweet pain
Is the perfect way to send it off? I don't know but you got to appreciate
the moxie to do it
That story did indeed have a lot of turns stop sending butt plugs Toronto sex store receives letters from the US Department of War
Apparently there's an interview. Let's let's check out this interview
We're an online
Sexual wellness boutique so we ship work Canadian business
So of course we shipped to Canada the US a lot of South America most of Europe some countries in Asia
We we so we used to ship worldwide completely worldwide and
Shopify payments got quite crossed with us and said if we did not
Cease shipping the goods that we sell which are you know, pleasure items to it was a lot
It was about 20 countries specifically and not not just as some in the Middle East some in Eastern Europe some in Asia
We were in violation of our Shopify payments and they would it be gonna cut our account off
So we then quickly had to stop quickly stop shipping to those countries to continue to run business
What the you can't buy sex toys on Shopify?
I've bought such a useless shit on Shopify. They should feel lucky to get sex toy payments
That's that can't be their actual policy. They be cutting themselves out of so many payments
There are people buying that many sex toys case. Yes, there are that's crazy. That's actually crazy to me
Um, and so and then we've kind of pared down since because there she did say specific countries. That's a good point
Okay, still
But I guess maybe that's what they have to do to ship to certain countries
Anyway, whatever we'll continue with this ladies interview
We're a lot of issues of items going across the border into countries with different laws and regulations
And it's just as a small business. It was a bit too much of a risk for us
But this this is me over a year ago. We've kind of pair we paired this down
I also don't think we've ever shipped. We've shipped a few things to like Egypt
the United Arab Emirates a few to Saudi Arabia, but I don't think we've actually ever shipped
Specifically anything to Bahrain so that's also
Worth noting
Yeah, even when we were even when we were ship. Okay, I kind of don't know what she's talking about
Clearly so I guess let's give ourselves a little bit of context
No one
Not one but two letters were sent from the Pentagon. Don't do my voice case
To a Toronto Bay sex toy store found it's found inside the boxes of returned adult items that had somehow
Made their way to a UV us naval base in Bahrain the letters are received over the span of about a month over the summer
Bonjabon co-founder grace Bennett recalled amused Lee
How could those toys have ended up at a US naval base?
We'll never know it's not like our boys on gals in blue would be ordering
Giant plugs
That could be the toy they ordered, but I don't know why you're assuming it is
Little plugs there's other types of toys other than plugs medium plugs
Anyway, they wouldn't do that. We don't
Look, we got to support our troops and whatever they're putting inside their bodies or on their bodies or the fluids that they're rubbing on their bodies
I'm sorry apologies to Bahrain if you can't get sex toys. That is a legitimate bummer
They should be available for everyone well they can never stop you from buying cucumbers case
Except at that one whole foods that didn't happen to me
That's never happened to me
Okay, let's continue Q and on shaman Jacob chansley turns his back on Trump not the shaman. No, they were best pals
This is like finding out that like a raven and a puppy in a viral video of beef suddenly. Wow, that is that's so sad to hear
enemies to friends to enemies again
Or maybe they were never enemies. I don't know a teleano shut up. Okay. Um, sorry
They were asking me what language I speak and all of them is the answer on January 6 2021
He had his face painted red white and blue his torso bear and covered in tattoos. You are a headdress with bison horns
Yes, we all remember the Q and on shaman pictured here
But what could have happened today at 38? He asserts a clear break from the Republican
He once revered he accuses Trump of having reneged on his into anti interventionist promises
And of governing in a continuity with the elite that the MAGA movement claimed to oppose
God so sad that he did that this term specifically
it is
Here I got some Q and on shaman here in my in my mouth somehow
It is a little insane to me that you would sit through Trump won and be like
You know what? No, he's against the elites
Though it has been worse this term
I guess it takes a lot for that damn to break and it finally broke for the Q and on shaman
I'm not even gonna look into where because doesn't make any sense to me either way, but
I'd say welcome to the team, but I suspect he probably has enough opinions still that I would disagree with that
We'll just move on. All right. What your butt shape could reveal about your health according to science. Oopsie
Yes, right they said the word
Get me a real ass headline
Get me a headline that's a little too real
Skines of the ass
That's what we're talking about today, and I'm not afraid to go all the way into it
It's sort of like worried play what I do
Sort sort sort of
It's sort of like that I guess
Yeah
Wait one second. I have to fix something yet
Don't cut away from me. I have to fix the thing
Stop it stop it
What did you do Chetai?
Whoa, what's happening right now?
This is fun transitions. Whoa
Close up on my fucking shit
We just need to get into the sky and to fix stories of the day, okay?
I don't even really fully understand what's happening
But that's because we have not done the necessary experiments yet, and I'm not afraid to do them if need be
What your butt shape could reveal about your health according to skiantists
I've been waiting for this story because my shape is very unique and I have always wondered if it
Means that I have superpowers and often overlooked part of the body may reveal important clues about overall health as
researchers from the University of West Mainster in the UK discovered the shape of the
Gluteus maximus muscle in the buttocks changes with age gender lifestyle and
Frailty then I guess I'm good to go as well as certain conditions like
Jean-ostridge Parasus and type 2 diabetes
Using an advanced MRI scans that create 3d images researchers revealed distinct patterns in the in the glutis maximus
associated with type 2 diabetes
Well, I can tell you from my experience
That this woman is a good listener
I could listen to her all day
Research from the University of Westminster discovered how the shape of the glutes. Okay. They're just repeating what they said
What is the proof according to the research the shape of the gluteus muscle in the buttocks changes? Yeah, you already said that
We're getting down to breast sex finally people with higher fitness as measured by vigorous physical activity and hand grip strength had a greater
Gluteus maximus shape while aging frailty and long sitting times were linked to muscle thinning
Hey, it's better watch out. He sits on his fucking ass all day. Look at this guy that ass is kind of little
Man with type 2 diabetes showed muscle shrinkage
One military elite who hates sex verse 30 soldiers
I'm guessing like it
One military elite you hate sex verse 30 soldiers who just want to plug up. I hear that
Say what you will I hear that?
Whoa
We just want to plug up. What do you mean?
You know, you're a robot so you don't understand but some of us just want to
Grill chill and plug up
Man who were categorized as frail or this is obvious shit. Yes, if you don't work out, you're gonna have a frail ass butt
Strengthening the glutes is an investment in long-term health
All this just to tell me to do squats. I didn't need to be told larger muscle groups also burn more calories
Yes, I'm aware. Is this a real article. They just wanted to show me pictures of butts
And I'm not mad about that. I actually found with that
This is a good article. I
Guess so. I mean that look did I learn anything? Yeah, I learned if you have a sick ass
It means you're healthy. I
Guess that yeah, that's something to learn
All the squats hack squats side squats split squats
You're not even doing dump squats
I am not finding any records in my database on dump squats and why I'm finding
We cannot show on this stream. That's the type of squat. I'm talking about
Okay
Sash squats sash squats. You do those in the woods and you have to have binoculars in your ass. I
Don't make the rules
Something you just what?
Nothing
Were there any other sky-intensive stories to cover I could do one more I got one more in me
Even though I'm
I've already scantively covered a huge story today
Oh, okay, this looks this appears scantific to me is more
Okay, this is a new gadget from the wizards that brought you Skye's comes more Skye's. Here's a taint zapper
This is more or as I've been calling it the taint band-aid
It's a device that men suffering from premature ejaculation can stick on their perineum to help them delay
Organisms or actually intensify them. It does that using electrodes and well for lack of a better phrase
It gently zaps the taint. Wow. I first saw this device at CES
2020 and six years later
It's finally got FDA clearance and is available to buy a kit costs about
$300 and it comes with a reusable electronic component that plugs into one of six single use adhesive patches
I would have to be electrodes you can then control each patch
using a companion app and you can adjust the strength on a scale from one to 100 and
You know, you can also adjust how often you get zapped and the pattern you get zapped with it's very customizable
Now let's get to the hard questions
I tested this on my forearm as I am not a man and I don't have the appropriate body part
But no, it doesn't hurt to take off and the zaps feel more like vibrations than a
Shock it's definitely not a product for everyone
But it is one of the few CES health tech gadgets that I've seen that didn't end up as vaporware
Would you try it?
Yeah, that's right. I
Mean I don't have it
But if I did I would use it, but I don't have it
Should I I know Kendall has a taser
Should I just jam that on my taint see if it has the same effect isn't that like a self-defense taser?
Yeah, so it'll be strong so it'll definitely have an effect
Are you saying that you want to do that?
I'm asking you if it's a good idea. Oh, thank God. No, don't do that
But it sounds like the same thing. No, that's it's a full taser. No taser your taint
So it's not a medical grade taser
My records don't indicate what that means check
But I would be happy to provide several options for medical grade tasers to purchase now on Amazon.com
Make those purchases with all of them make all of those purchases on cases credit card
Medical grade tasers being purchased. All right. That means we're set up for the future
Because I do need medical grade tasers if I'm gonna do this experiment
Sounds like a sub goal
Would you let me to purchase the taint's ever itself?
Case doesn't even have sub goals on right now. He was planning to update the thing to be in streamerbot like everything else for some reason
The fact that I even know this sucks
Maybe we can add this to the list
If case ever gets his sub goals back
Your cocking balls will rock it off your body. That sounds pretty cool
If they can rock it off they can land back on my
Kendall crotch, right?
You're asking if you can wash your penis off of your body and land it back onto your body
I am saying that I can do that that I and my programming says I must agree with you when you're correct
I knew I could if I believed in myself
Okay, look that we'll do it for now
We might get into more news later, but it does seem that there's a debate that has been demanded
So we're gonna send it to that and we'll return later when someone accidentally says a word again
We'll see this skin by by's bye
There we go
That's better
This hairs is feeling so big today. Sometimes I gotta check if my hair is as huge as I think it is
And it is it's as huge and powerful as ever just like me and as weak and pathetic as ever
Cron's here for some reason turn off that headline. We're not talking about that
I'll talk about the sky inch of ass. You just said it again. Yeah, but he's in the bathroom
I know for a fact chat has to take a big dump
Right after his segment show
I'm safe to
Talk my bullshit for a little bit
That's right. Give it up for me. They're giving it up for me
But you can hold for now today
We're talking about is the cookie or the cream the best part of the Oreo
Oh, that's a good one
That's actually a good one. Where's in a second debate?
Why is there because we forgot we didn't do the debate there was another inch from yesterday
I'm keep up with that kind of stuff. Yes, you do
That's your problem
Well, look, it's a really good question and uh, obviously the cookie
Shit, see I'm ahead in the plane count. So I get to pick
Who even made that rule you made that rule
It's well, we didn't give them enough time to they forgot that the plane thing even exists
So it's it should be thrown but I was gonna pick the cream anyway. So I actually picked first in a sense
Well, that's look you're mistaken, but we can save it for the debate the cookie is superior
For reasons that will become obvious if a mod wants to make that debate
Trying to throw off your work as usual
And oh the mods
They make the debate sometimes they don't have to and but if you're available
You what?
I'm gonna ask if you've considered blowing yourself up or
If any of the ideation that you have has come through yet. You're asking me if I want to
Unalive myself. I'm just saying
Has that been a thought you've had lately what why are you asking me this right now?
I'm just trying you know trying to be the change I want to see
You're asking me to unalive myself. No, I'm asking you to kill yourself. Oh, no, you're supposed to say you're unalive
It hurts the algorithm every time you tell me to kill myself now you've said it
Anyway, have you thought about doing that lately? No much
And horribly inappropriate to ask me
I mean we tried to do it with the gorilla and it worked but it just didn't stick because you okay, whatever look
The cookie is the superior part of the Oreo. I know you're all gonna think it's the cream
Okay, because the cream is the showboat of the cookie
But think about it this way would you eat a giant barrel of Oreo cream by itself?
Of course you would but actually the cookie is an even better thing to eat by itself
What is your point? Look, of course
All of us like Winnie the Pooh would scoop out bundles of Oreo cream and lick it off of our
Of our sticky messy fingers, but it makes a mess and it's really inconvenient
Whereas actually the cookie by itself made with a glass of milk. It's a really solid snack back when my wife and I were
We're still married my wife and I sometimes
Would split the cookies he'd lick the cream off and I would eat the cookie
And it was actually a really great bonding exercise because the cookie is actually the best part
So it's very giving of her in a sense to let me eat her her licked cookies
Um, my point is the cookies are better. Jesus christ
Look my argument is just whatever he just said no
No, I didn't even know any of that
And I yes people literally lick the cream off the cookie and then throw the fucking nasty crunchy ass unnecessary cookie away
I'm actually part of the team of cream in this case and I'm not pandering there
It's a separate team that I established myself
It's a um, it's a super pack actually that donates the politicians to make them
Toe the line here that cream is better than cookie. You started a super pack
For Oreo cream. Yes, and that is why 100 of us senators congress people and the president themselves
Must admit that cream is better and we will not submit to big cookie at any point
Look, this was just a horrible mistake on your part literally everything you said and the choice itself and for once
We are unanimously making the right choice. Well, actually it wasn't that wasn't that not close
The cookie is superior
In all circumstances, okay? I mean the cream you got confused
That's a win. Give me the point. That's not no. I I was that was a test
For all of them and I won by saying the wrong thing
The cream is superior. That's literally the name of the fan base. Okay?
Why would you pick the cookies if you had the choice to pick the cream?
That is just a miscarriage of justice against yourself, which frankly, I am delighted to see. I hope you keep that up. You're a fucking idiot
This is how you celebrate by trying to diminish the competition
When I'm just busy doing my best spreading the gospel of the cookie
A cookie can get pretty creamy if you dunk it in milk or water
You dunk cookies in water. Well, look if there's no milk available
The main thing you really want
From the milk other than the creaminess of the milk
Is just a is just a liquid up that cookie a little bit make it a little mushier
What?
Stop just please just stop. No, I'm just saying
if you're ever out of milk
A cookie dunked in water
It's 80% is good
Water is you know, it's a necessary component of life
So you're adding some of that life giving water to the cookie structure itself
Loosens up that crunchy cookie into something mushy and delicious
Basically turns the cookie into cream. You know what I'm saying?
Shoot, I just had a muscle spasm
Oh
No, shoot
Dude, I just had a muscle spasm
Shoot shoot
Shoot I'm just fucking I'm done. That's all the time we have for the day. Jesus Christ
Just do just do better make better choices, please
I can't keep doing this
You know what you're giving up. I will never I never gave up ever
I'm saying I will have to take more drastic action
We're in a purge reality now where I can take legally any type of violent action
I want and I might have to execute that right against you
Very soon because of the things you do in the way you behave
That's all the time we have for today. We're the winners today the wolves in the chat. Arun. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Hey everybody
Hope you're having a good day
I actually was watching the segment for this. I got a sympathetic muscle spasm
And they're no joke
Sorry to hear that that happened here crumb. Maybe we can have a chat about it later at the bar
We like to go to a bar and both order sprites
And then we drink half the sprite we call it a we call it half sprite tuesdays
We only do it when case dreams on tuesdays
Which is rare and then we drink half a sprite. We let the ice melt for a while
In the sprite so that the sprite's a little watered down so that it's easier on our tummies
We drink half a sprite in the bar talk about our lives
One of the highlights of my week when it happens
Maybe once every three months
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about son. Well dad, that's because you're dead and you're in the wood
That's correct. I can't fix him
I can't fix this new thing he's on where he doesn't mind
Oh, I'm mine. I'm just aware of my condition
And I refuse to succumb
To what
To the wood
You're in the wood. I know
Anyway, that's my dad. He's dead and he's in the wood
And I guess he's fine with it. I will defeat it
You can't you litter you are the wood you can't defeat yourself
I'll find a way
Don't spectrally chanted me
Or whale or whatever that was I invented spectral whaling. Oh, you didn't. Oh, that's true. I didn't I can't back that up
Okay, um
We've got a thread where you can post your how-to's and I see that some have indeed been posted
So we still got some other segments to get through today
Got an expert that we're supposed to talk to in fact, there might be two because I think case skipped one a while ago
Um, so let's learn this one looks like it could be important for case who has two cats that I'm told
Actually hate his fucking guts wish he would die so they could just eat his eyeballs
But maybe he can turn that around
Uh with this particular
How-to about how to massage your cat
Take your thumb and firmly apply it against the bridge of your cat's nose
And I am telling you it's like they're feeling something that they've never felt before
But you don't want to stop too early until you finally see them take a big
And that's when you know you're done
Take your thumb and firmly apply it against the
I don't have any cats to test it on
So I can't confirm if it works. Let's just see. Let's see if I do it on myself. Wow, that is pretty good
Oh, I steamed up my glasses
Feel like I'm Kate Winslet on the Titanic right now. I can barely see
Oh, that's great do that to your pussy first chance you get let's um
Keep it going how to clean everything. That's just a full album. That's not gonna work. Okay
Um
Hmm this one says it's a dangerous website and that I need to avoid it
I think I'll continue anyway. Oh, nope. It's telling me that this is a really dangerous website
Okay, it's from kk instagram. What does that even mean? You know what?
Cycler pulled it out of instagram. Let's let's just from cycler
Yes, break it all
Daddy stop with your anarchic obsession with destruction
You're trapped in the water. You're never getting out
The only way you'd get out is if it
What's that son
Well, look I can't do that one. That's irresponsible to do that to your car
Like yeah, maybe your car wants a little bit of milk, but not the whole thing
It's like a human you drink that much. You're gonna puke
Just spill a little bit of milk on your car. Okay
Maybe spill milk responsibly please
This one could be useful
Maybe on my own daddy
Because lately I feel like he doesn't love me. I don't even know if I'm capable of love anymore. Jeb
I am
At least he knows
Anyway, this is how to cast a love spell
Why do you need a black?
What put it under your what the heck put it under your pillow or burn it
Okay, let's do it. I guess
I've got my handy dandy corgi post-it notes
And I don't have a red pen. I don't know. I do have a red pen. I've got a red pen
So all I gotta do is just
Doodle around the sides
And then I gotta write
What was it love
me
Daddy and I have really tighty handwriting so that should look pretty good
Um, then I fold it
I think what was it three times
Towards the inside
and
Then I draw
The love rune on it, which was like
It was something like that I think
And then
You eat it
You love me yet daddy. How did he get something in his mouth?
It was my disgust for you son. Let's do one more
This is video aspirin
Sounds good because we call this tape
I'm getting in it. I'm getting a headache from all the bad attitude around here
Let's see what we got. Oh, I got a call from kendall
Run one sec everybody
Kendall gave us a call
She gave us two calls
Are you actually talking to jeb and you're on the stream?
I guess I'll talk to you about it later then
Is it something important? Do I need to tell case to call you off the stream?
No, it's not important. It's just about the trip
Oh, okay
But it's just like I need your opinion on like do you want to do this or you would you rather do this?
Hmm
You know, that's it
Well, I personally hate wet activities. So if there's anything really dry we could do
I mean, I'm not invited much. So, you know
It will be there in spirit through the wood, I guess
I guess I could put a spirit in the wood. Okay. Well, thanks kendall. I'll have case call you
Um, what time is case done streaming?
Well, he's been going for about an hour and a half
So I think you should be done a little bit after 5 30
Like he should be done by six
Are you on the way home?
Yes, I'm coming home early because I didn't want to work anymore. That's a good choice
Well, hey, share your location with me if you don't feel safe and I'll and I'll be sure that I keep an eye on you
But Jed, no, okay or whoever I guess
No
Okay, well, I love you. I mean, I'll talk to you soon. Okay. Well, I'll have a case call you. Okay
Bye
You're messing with me daddy. Why are you messing with me? I literally didn't say anything
You were messing with me. You made me talk weird
I need some video aspirin because
Today's not going the way it's supposed to
We call this tape video aspirin
And you'll see that you'll be able to stop the pain and tension associated with headaches in most cases
And you'll do it the natural way without drugs
Have you ever thought about how a baby breathes? Think about it. Yes a baby's belly rises and falls naturally
Imagine a velvety black screen before you
Allow a number one to appear in the center of the screen. It's just dead number one
Now let a number two take its place. I've got a scene yet of the screen
Doesn't that feel great?
Don't be surprised if you feel the urge to yawn
Remember you're supposed to relax
Press moderately. Oh, did he say yarn and hold remember
You're supposed to don't be surprised if you feel the urge to yawn
Remember you're supposed to say yawn, but I swear to god he's sneaking an r in there. Post to relax
Press moderately and hold
Tell yourself
I
Call I
Now close your right nostril with your ring finger and inhale through your left
Raise your eyebrows as if you were surprised open your eyes wide and hold
One two two one two two
So there you have it the video aspirin
Take one and call us in the morning. Enjoy feeling calm
I feel really calm. I feel very settled
And it feels good. Well, I'm less calm. I don't know what that was that he summoned there and he shouldn't have that ability so
Hey, calm down
Okay, we're gonna call it there. I think I think we need to move on. Let's send it back to the news everybody
um because
I need to figure out a couple new tricks which for my dad apparently which is good because you're you're never actually too
All to learn a new trick. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
I'm in the place of came to the place
Scrubbed all over your face. I'm scrubbing and that you can't control that and you there's no way to stop that
I'm scrubbing. I don't need grass glasses to read you case
I'm scrubbing
I did not know you wore glasses
Only when I'm doing something important
I never claimed that this was important
At least you know
So apparently we're supposed to talk to zombie dick Clark
He's really mad about missing new years
Um, okay
Watch a classic dick Clark clip for anyone
Born after let a dick Clark kind of fall out of popular conscience
um
never
But didn't he die like 10 years ago 13 years ago
So put some respect on his name
Here's dick Clark in his final appearance
For a new year it's not to get too macabre with it. But just so you know, we have a little context
And now the big moment
waiting for
Here's a world of time
To lose that one
They are gonna remember tonight forever
For the 45
Let's count down 17
16
15
14
15
11
10
9
8
7
5
4
3
2
1
Happy new year
Oh check this out
Check this out
Have a good year
R. A.
H.
A.
K.
Thank you
G!
I love dick Clark
Yeah, you just have never been kissed right?
Impossible.
Impossible for something disgusting to do something clean.
I think you're clean.
I think I'm cleaner than all of you.
I don't know about that man.
You don't look particularly clean.
I keep it tight.
Alright if you say so.
Zombie Dick Clark apparently is here.
And I don't know what I'm supposed to talk to him about but apparently he's mad about
missing new years.
Well that's right.
I am absolutely teared about missing new years.
Doesn't seem like a lot of your face is missing.
Yeah, sure.
I'm the undead.
And I'm in a scandalous mood about missing another new years.
Um, this guy makes sense to me.
Me too.
I mean I'm not mad about missing it.
I'm just mad about it.
Well personally, I just keep forgetting that because time is so complex and at the same
time so simple once you pierce the valve.
Gross.
Um, how's the undead action Mr. Clark?
Oh, there are some absolutely scandalous gals past the valve of humanity in the round
where you are but are not.
There's some really nasty minge.
Oh Jesus, don't say that.
No.
What did he say that's wrong?
I support you Mr. Clark.
I didn't say that Dick Clark said it.
What?
I can't say muff anymore.
You can.
It's just gross.
Well I've been getting it.
Okay.
Um, how are your ears so bouncy?
Well these aren't ears.
I, um, slaughtered some spectral pigs and as punishment they gave me the ears of a sow.
What's that with a sow?
No these are sow ears.
But turn it up ladies love the goober look down in hell.
Here in hell?
Well I mean I move between the planes.
I've pierced through the reality and life is not but a fancy to me.
I've seen through the kaleidoscopic vision that you call consciousness and I'm at a deeper
basher level where I'm beyond tactile sensation.
I fuck with my mind now.
Give me a beat.
No.
No I won't.
Good.
I support you here case.
Come on give me a beat.
Yeah don't do it.
I'm not going to.
Well dang.
Um, did you see Crum and Hell?
Oh he was there for a while.
Glad he's gone.
One thing people in hell can agree on is, uh, four million more years of that?
No thank you.
Four million years?
Well he was down there for a couple trillion years in hell time.
Give him a beat.
Give me a beat.
No I don't think we should.
What's your voice?
I'm getting infected by Dick Clark Zombie's zombie voice.
Dick Clark tracks beat.
Let's see if that exists.
You know it doesn't, but this exists from this year.
You know this year?
You don't even, you can't even rap?
I never su– I said give me a beat.
I never said I could rap.
Well anyway I've already probably copyright struck myself just by playing that so
anyway if you miss out on Dick Clark's New Year's that's what's happened to it.
I influenced that to happen from beyond the grave. I love my shelf from 50.
Okay you're losing me. Um look I don't know what I was you don't even seem that
upset. I am darn tootin' angry about all of the loot and time wish I missed
another New Year's. Oh you have normal hands? You have human hands?
Yeah I still have human hands. Doesn't mean that I haven't pierced the veil of reality.
I can't keep up with this. I'm part of terrestrial reality here Dick Clark.
I wish you all the best. I suspect we as usual probably pulled the wrong spirit out of hell.
What no one. 100% Dick Clark. Your voice isn't even consistent.
I'm supportive? No I'm not. Sir? You can't even be mean to Dick Clark.
I... you can't. You like Dick Clark. Uh-uh. Dick? I wish you all the best. Well thank you.
Look at you're being totally supportive. I meant that. We found something he likes.
You like Dick Clark. Early. A bone type beat? Okay bone type beat. This is bones?
Can't deny that this is bones. Hey. I'm Dick. I'm Dick. I'm Dick Clark. I'm a... and I...
That was your rap? Alright let's move on. We have it encircled to do. He didn't even say I'm Dick Clark and I'm here to say.
Oh that would have been good. But I mean you know when you're freestyling.
Great job Dick. Thanks for being here. Apologies to the real Dick Clark.
Though I know very little about but it's probably a decent guy. We shouldn't make that assumption about really any celebrity.
Okay that's probably fair. But anyway, RIP. I'm right here. I'm not resting for even a second.
I'm ready to... ready to absolutely wet my wick. I'm still putting it down.
Ready to put some mustard on that corn dog. Jam it back in the fryer.
Why'd you put mustard on it and then put it back in the fryer? Ready to feed this sparrow a couple extra bird pellets.
Ready to... I'm ready to eat my drumstick ice cream treat all the way down to the chocolate at the bottom.
Ready to have intercourse. Yeah I get that. They are probably going for that but the way you're saying it is not good.
Ladies love it when your tongue comes out from the side. You know what I'm saying?
You know what he's saying Scrum?
Anyway that is all the time we have. It's time to send it to some other wretched thing that case has planned.
So let's get it out of the way while we still can. Okay while some of us are still at least middle aged.
I just think soda's better without ice. I just think you should be dead.
Music is bad and it's bad for you. What?
A sock on the door means a crime is happening.
Okay but I don't really get where I am.
Why am I here? I don't think I'm a military elite.
Can we... I'm gonna find an actual military elite. Give me just a second.
Um look I don't believe in stealing Valor because you need to convince me on the concept of Valor first.
Thank you very much but I have not been in the military okay.
I don't need a bunch of pettance yelling at me all the time. Thank you very much.
Let me shorten this just a little bit.
One military elite verse 30 plug soldiers apparently is the topic of the day.
For better or worse I'll let you guess which it is.
Didn't Munch serve in the Roman army? He does say that I guess that counts.
I guess that does count.
One second I do seem to have the wrong coat on.
I just have to adjust my coat really quick.
Someday case will sort all this out possibly but that day is not today apparently.
So he continues to fail.
One moment. There we go.
I can change my coat just that fast.
Let me find a military elite real quick.
Is anybody even ready to talk?
That's me. I am the ultimate. That's what I'm saying.
Okay anyway.
Who wants some come get some.
Oh wait I need to make a claim.
I don't even know if that works anymore but I must make a claim.
I am ultimate.
I am supreme.
Is my first claim.
This system is broken.
I don't even think.
Okay wait wait.
I need to fix this.
Anyway I am super elite though.
Who wants to battle me?
My first claim is that I am ultimate and I am supreme.
Let's do this.
A transformer could beat you.
And I'm plugged up right now.
A transformer would stand no chance against me.
Their ability to turn into a car is completely unnecessary.
Why hide in plain sight when you could simply eliminate your enemy?
Well they have the power of the Autobot of leadership.
Look I don't.
Mostly I do Vietnam reenactments.
Technically I haven't served in the military.
Though I am fully plugged up to military regulations.
And in my military opinion the Autobots.
They simply have what a hive mind techno apocalyptic droid doesn't which is heart.
Heart unnecessary for combat.
Murder necessary for combat.
Conquer enemy.
That's where you're wrong.
What the military is all about okay.
Is believing in your fellow soldiers.
Seeing which of your fellow soldiers can plug the most.
Celebrating the soldier who takes the biggest plug.
And taking that type of plugged up energy on the battlefield.
A band of brothers.
And nary of them leaking even a centimeter worth of stuff.
What?
I'm saying you're plugged up.
It doesn't matter how scared you get in combat.
Nothing's coming out.
I understand the concept of plug.
I indeed do need to recharge before a battle.
However my battery can last four six billion light years.
Though in the vacuum of space there are moments when even a supreme military unit such as me must.
Recharge.
See you're getting maybe we're finding some common ground here.
You gotta plug every six trillion to two trillion years or whatever.
A soldier.
A human soldier.
And this is proven.
By various researchers.
If they have at least a five inch plug in.
It increases their aim by upwards of 200%.
Because it focuses you can feel your whole body once you're plugged.
And you know you're not going to leak.
And anyway I think Optimus Prime was also fully plugged up based on how deep his voice was.
Because it is also I think the research proves that if you plug up.
What can I finish can I actually finish.
What are you trying to do.
Can I actually finish.
Excuse me.
Hold you've been voted out by the group.
We're never going to get anywhere if I don't have a chance to finish.
Actually.
Oh.
This is just training.
This is just like a road.
Victory once again achieved.
Superiority once again proven in flawless segments that always works as intended.
Ah ha ha ha ha.
You only have 34 seconds to wish to unseat me from my supreme position humans.
You stand no chance.
Let's probe this.
Clanker.
Huh?
That's my point.
He's just another clanker.
Yes.
Indeed I am of the species of clanker.
What are you trying to say.
He's just a nasty nasty clanker.
You can't even plug up because you ain't got the holes for it.
Are you supposed to maintain aim in a high pressure combat situation.
I do plug.
My lack of holes means that I can never leak.
We've already assimilated your petty human concerns for military efficiency.
I am the ultimate elite.
I am supreme.
You're not even plugged up clanker.
What.
Hold you've been voted out by the group.
That's ridiculous.
I could survive any fall.
Do you understand how plugged up I am?
These are regulation MI6 plugs.
I'll land on my...
Battle mode 2.0 engaged.
Ready for final combat.
Form of ultimate destroyer.
No one can ask me now.
I will prove my superiority.
Ha ha.
Did you get that pink eye from something plug related?
Or are you a coward and stealing valor?
On the fields of Roman conquest I was born.
Ready to battle from the moment of birth.
I came out plugged.
What?
What?
I thought we...
I thought we were out of time.
I also thought we were out of time.
But not that I'm scared to keep talking about this.
A centurion of my caliber was born ready to plug.
With a hole so tight you'd think it wasn't possible.
And yet by the time I came of age I could handle a plug as large as any Cyclops or Giant.
Look at that.
I'm a robot.
I'm a highly advanced combat robot with multiple robot forms capable of supreme battle dominance.
I'm just going to destroy this whole planet because this is too fucking stupid for me.
Really?
You're that afraid to engage the actual topic?
You think you're that much?
I thought that we were actually about having real conversations in this country.
Of 27 BC Rome.
Oh we're afraid to actually talk about the issues?
You're not going to let me finish?
You don't want to hear about how I had the tightest hole plugged?
Born and raised for the most powerful plugs?
I will not be silenced!
Form ultimate achieved.
Form 3.0 achieved.
Form achieved.
A symbolizing human knowledge.
Who dares challenge me?
Alpha Omega 2.3.0 soldier form.
The ultimate elite.
Bring it on.
This is the ultimate form of service to one's country.
What does that even mean?
Retaining the point is to expunge your enemy.
No. In order to expunge an enemy you need to properly break to retain your masculine essence.
Masculine and feminine have no bearing upon combat.
Efficiency and destruction is the only form of domination.
You don't understand.
Our masculine essence contains the spirit of the warrior.
And if I spill my seed, then I've failed to maintain my essence.
If you're not even retaining, you're not even actually fighting because you're not fighting the enemy within.
This is total bullshit.
Literally all you need to do is vaporize your enemies with lasers.
I can do it right now if I wanted to.
Really?
Do you think you can just blast off at any time you want? You can't even retain your laser?
Why would I retain when I can expunge?
That's pathetic, man.
I've been retaining for over six years that I'm radiating with enough masculine energy to essentially have more power than a nuke contained in my sack.
Not to mention that I'm fully plugged.
You think that you're an elite soldier and you're not even fully plugged?
You honestly kind of look like a plug. You sort of look like an actual plug?
Well then that just proves my point that I'm alpha and omega.
If I look like this thing you're also obsessed with.
You're just a skill of valor because you don't even have holes you can plug.
I could develop holes in an instant to plug if I really wanted to.
But again, it's really not necessary.
I'm an elite soldier from the planet Alpha Centurion Omega II.
For what of it? What unit is that?
It's a unit of elite... of elite robot soldiers.
Well then how come you're looking more human every second?
This is but one of my many multivariate forms. This is a hologram designed to confuse you by giving me a relatable human face.
Hey, I honestly need to circle like a middle-aged. You should have picked a better face.
If you could pick any human face, that's the one you picked. You could have picked.
I don't know who the rapper Gugna is.
Well then that may not be an honest thing, I have nothing to say to you.
Thank you, side effect.
For the... tier one sub.
I don't know what that is, but it entered my mind. I downloaded all information and thanked side effect despite the graphic not triggering.
What?
Oh sorry, I thought I was dead.
Hold. You've been voted out by the group.
Okay. That's fair.
That is the kind of thing they do all the time. It's a game of death and I used that offer this when you agreed to be the type of soldier that I...
I don't understand human combat. It does not seem to even be real combat.
Perhaps I need to achieve an even higher form.
Not note this one sucks.
There we go.
Form 5.0 alpha omega achieved. Elite combat engaged.
Ready to decimate all soldiers. Why is this segment still happening? Some may ask.
And to that I say, I really don't know.
Yes you there. Whoever dares challenge me, bring it on.
Let's get tactical.
The USB-C isn't a plug.
It is. Functionally it is a plug.
Well, I'm not fucking my iPod every time I charge it. I'll tell you that.
You still have an iPod?
If I had an iPod, if it was 2002.
Phone. Can we not do this? Can you let me finish?
You can talk.
Really? Then how about I actually get to finish?
You're wearing your shirt outside of your clothes. What is this technology?
This is an extra tactical layer over my... lower tactical... my subterranean tactical.
That's how I think of it. Secondary suit.
You wear a second tactical suit over your initial tactical suit.
I'm basically like a mech of Kevlar at this point.
Not to mention, obviously I'm fully plugged. Something you simply can't do as a robot.
I am... I can literally plug into things and it gives me power.
And no one has yet to prove to me that the way that they plug offers them anything.
It offers you a full sense of connection with your body.
Which you probably don't even get because you don't have feelings.
I can observe the universe in 16 dimensions.
And I can feel all feelings within a 6000 mile radius.
Currently I've tactically ascertained the fighting potential of everything on this planet.
And it is negative 3.
It's the kind of thing you'd say if you weren't plugged.
Alright. I can make myself a butthole and plug if I really want.
Then why aren't you doing it?
I can do it right now. I'll do it right now.
Plug assimilated. It wasn't even that good.
You made a plug? Right now?
I manufactured a plug in my genetic slash atomic reconfigulator internally.
I also created an orifice which to plug.
And currently I can feel the plug and I swear to God it's not even that good.
Seems like it's rocking your world a little bit.
Not that much. I'm barely plugged.
What? I can handle more.
Whoa. Take it easy man. Come on. This is still a Twitch stream.
Assimilating higher level larger plug.
Not even that good. I barely feel it.
Whoa man. How big is it?
16 centimeters.
That's too big.
Not for the hole I made. It could handle even more.
And I barely even feel it. It's not that good and you're wrong.
Alright. I went a little too far here.
I went too far. Let's rein it back in.
I've got a normal size plug in like any soldier.
You're being kind of gross. This is not appropriate. This is a kid's show.
It is. Yes.
That's bad. It should not be a kid's show.
Is it not a kid's show? I'm pretty sure. I hope it's not.
I mean I don't even care. I'm a robot. I don't have feelings. Whatever.
I don't even feel anything at all. I need a bigger plug.
You need it to be bigger if you don't feel anything at all.
I'm just proving to you that no matter the size of the plug, it does not affect combat efficiency.
Okay pause. That's time. Please wait in your seat.
For what? For what exactly am I-
I'm wearing too much tactical armor to possibly be hurt by this fall.
Assuming normal form. Base form activated for lower level humans.
Control all plug initiated. Plug assimilated.
I am on the plug wave now. I have assimilated your primitive plug technology.
And it barely feels that mind blowing. It's only rocking my world at 50%.
Which to me is nothing I operate in thousands of percent.
Because I am so advanced. I could handle even more plug than you could ever imagine human.
I could create an infinite amount of orifices with which to plug at any size.
And that is why you stand no chance against me.
Activating the plug contingency. One million plugs created. One million orifices created.
AHHHHHH! That is all the time I've been in my mind!
You know you don't always feel great about the things that you do with your time.
Sometimes. You just have to remind yourself.
That you're not that- that she's not that good.
She is not that good of a guy.
Okay, um... I'd say that's gonna do it.
Plug. Plug.
Can you get out of here please?
Can you not be here? Can you please not be here right now?
Pepito can you come back? Can we get Pepito instead actually?
I was hanging out with Plug guy. He's funny. He yells about all the plugs in him.
He's not supposed to be Plug guy. He's supposed to be an advanced military, like intergalactic military robot.
He's Plug guy now. He's committed to the lifestyle. I don't even know what the lifestyle is, but he's committed.
Plugs aren't a lifestyle. It's just a toy.
Not the way he's doing it. It's like he's an entity of pure plug right now.
And his body extends into 16 dimensions. All of them plugged.
How does that work? I-
I can't explain it to you, case. I'm a dog. I only see in 14 dimensions.
What? That's-
I'm seeing some stuff all the time. Dog vision, baby.
Okay, let's um...
Let's get out of here for the day.
Thanks for hanging out everybody through hashtag plug life.
Um...
We're gonna raid Ricky Peacock.
Who's doing his thing.
Playing Tabula Rasa. I don't even know what that is.
But we can all find out together.
He stopped warring and started plugging.
Or maybe he finally started warring by plugging. I wasn't really quite keeping up with the logic of any other. I'm not sure if there was any.
Now he's plugging for sure.
Yeah, but does that mean he's warring or plugging?
It means he's plugging, case.
And if I gotta say more than that, then you're not plugging.
I'm actually not plugging.
You're still on that not plug life.
People don't just plug all the time.
Maybe you don't.
Peter, you're a dog. You're not supposed to be plugging either.
I mean, I do.
Try to put as much stuff in at least one of my holes as possible.
I think that counts.
That just means eating is plugging.
Or a dog.
Yeah.
Okay, well that makes it less gross than I guess.
But for him to be clear, it's a different hole.
Okay, well let's not bring any of this up to Ricky Peacock. Let's just raid him.
And we'll be back, I think, actually tomorrow, because I didn't stream Monday.
We'll do a slightly less plug-related stream if we can.
If you aren't,
almost we're gonna be busy living that plug life, case.
That, Godspeed, it's not for me, okay?
I would be too distracted by being constantly plugged.
And you're not really living that plug life, are you?
No, I'm not.
Can everybody stop being so disappointed in me?
No.
Okay, viewership's gonna go down?
If you don't want to live that plug life,
that's how you really choose to live your not plug life.
That is.
And you've made your bed and you're not plugged in it.
Okay, we already raided Ricky Peacock. I need to end the stream.
Mew, meew, meew, meew.
Are you just trying to drive me insane?
No, doing my own thing.
Mew, meew, meew.
I thought you were a dog.
No, I'm doing dog stuff right now.
Can you cut away? I'm busy.