I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
And I'm a dog.
We're back!
I'm already rockin' the tunes I love.
AKA theme show, uh, game show music.
Good to see everyone.
I'm your duly elected mayor, restoring the classic coach.
A return to civility.
After 16 years of the hospital-despet crumb,
Today might not be quite as long of a stream as yesterday,
but I don't think I'll need it.
The goal is very simple.
Hit 600k at which point I believe the town becomes a utopia.
Population size actually dictates population satisfaction.
I think a certain S word can prove that.
Stay up for eight hours.
Pempting.
I do have to go to the airport.
Although the airport here is off,
but that's good to the airport at some point.
We'll go for a while.
We could probably go for at least three.
And I mean, I don't, but again, I don't even think I'll need it.
At all.
I'm actually pretty used to producing high quality,
but you're at other stations, not for case.
High other producing job.
Now producing a famous commercial for local cheese sludge production factories.
God, I love these classic tunes.
Nobody does music like game shows.
I've always said that.
Anyway, great to see everybody.
Steve, live in Sleazy, the master mod.
Sheevy loves you.
Sabrichi, the other master mod, the mighty odd.
Sheevy loves you.
The king of subs.
Full of our trash, MSG.
Reverie, great to see you.
Aru, indeed.
Look, a lot of people have issues with munch.
I'm saying if he married the city for 100 years,
and his pockets are very giving to the needs of the city,
not to me.
I'm trying to mend bridges here.
From was a man of destruction, hospitals and schools.
I'm a man of bulldozing and mending.
Schools and hospitals.
Not mending them.
Mending our society by bulldozing schools and hospitals.
With that in mind, let's get into it.
Just to show that, of course, I'm maintaining the precious thread of democracy.
Threads, not threat.
Go ahead and nominate a mayor, everybody.
Our traditional Mennit-Renerton mayorial nomination process.
First come, first served, exclamation point, oh, it's how you nominate a mayor.
And then the winner, they're on the ballot, baby.
All right, what are we working with?
What kind of damage has this guy done?
And I'm seeing some big mistakes right away.
Some real blights on the city here.
Not needed.
People don't need to get sick.
You just build them enough condos.
All right, we got Country Bear, Cheromey,
Man, Seamy Smooth, Mike Oxlong.
Been a while since I've seen that guy.
And of course, Jeff.
Who will make it?
My other initiative today is to consolidate police stations
into only super police stations.
Why have one building that does half the job of an even bigger building?
Or am I going to put the Native American reservation?
Oh, your Indigenous Canadian.
You need an Indigenous Canadian reservation?
Oh, yeah, watch me drink this.
Rederton water in here.
Believe it, it's nice.
I can't really see it, but it's nice and brown in there.
With that in mind, my initiative to replace all subpar police stations
with bigger ones that with brighter lights.
I'm going to just access some of the back end of this mayorial software really quick.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Okay, police HQs are being QC'd as we speak.
Put some resources over that side first, but we'll avoid school.
Of course, for my precious, loyal campaign insiders,
I respect and will always follow your mandates
due to your incredible donors.
That one's not... do we need one every frickin' block?
Even if no.
Bye bye.
Look how many... there's a bunch right there.
How many do we really need?
We're good.
I think they're close enough to these two.
Need some Renerton Gold, Peter, now available in 66.6oz tall boys.
Oh, locally brewed Renerton Gold.
Recently cleared by the EPA to be used to clean vinyl housing.
The multi-purpose beer, the only industrial drink, cleaning agent.
That is, in my opinion, safe enough to drink.
Got the classic flavor and some of the strongest stripping agents money can buy.
And I'm not talking about that kind of stripping agent.
I did handle the softwares back end just a little bit.
But I didn't hear any complaints.
That's a little bit of a rebalged sexual humor.
Yeah, I'm bringing that back too.
Sorry, Crub.
The year is of course 2025.
We're about to ring in the new year.
That Mayor Godzilla subgoal is covering it up, so I'll let you know what the date is.
There's a buzzing.
Is there?
You guys hearing a buzzing?
The AC is out in here pretty loud.
But it doesn't look like it's picking up that intensely on my end.
At least I'm not hearing it.
That doesn't mean it's not happening.
Anyway, back to the tunes.
You don't hear it?
I think that could be on your end then.
A hospital.
These things cropped up like weeds.
God, I got such a good night's rest jammed into the walls here.
Very thin walls.
I like it.
I'm like a cat except very unopposable.
I'm a cat minus all of the acrobatics and grace.
Let's get rid of both of these.
Reducing costs.
So many police stations.
I got a crazy amount.
A hospital again?
Oh my God.
It just won't stay away.
These are illegal hospital settlements.
All right.
Wow, one even snuck in right across from the Mayor's house.
I weren't so busy working.
I would have noticed it all the way home.
I've been stuck in this office for months straight already.
And we're so close to the 560.
By just indeligent in my destruction of hospitals and schools.
I think we could get there no problem today.
All right.
This casino seems unnecessary as well.
Reducing casino infrastructure.
We're consolidating them into more tightly packed casinos.
You don't want to be in a lightly attended casino.
You want to feel like you're in a throng of desperate people.
Throwing dice.
Trying, weeping over your cards.
As your children's college funds slipped away.
You don't want to do that in private.
You want to experience the beauty of a public reckoning with your own failures.
Toot toot toot.
Looking good.
Like this also seems wrong.
Like how far you have to be from the river?
Or to count as beachfront property.
Peter, have you ever heard the song Rats in my Walls by Ratbag?
I think you'd like it.
It sounded on my alley.
And I'm always looking for a way to soothe my rats.
They get really feisty and sometimes they wake me up
even though I'm a very deep sleeper.
Some people think I'm dead when I'm asleep.
I've actually been buried alive because I took a nap.
Check out Rats in my Walls.
You know, surprisingly yesterday,
a lot never got taken down.
Even though I was blasting copyright music all stream.
Rats in my Walls by Ratbag.
Oh, that's true, Steve.
We're trying to balance you out.
You don't want to learn too much.
Wait, we did it. We passed 560,000.
Rats in my Walls by Ratbag.
Turn it up a little bit.
Rats in my Walls by Ratbag.
Okay.
I can see this calming.
Polition of rats.
Slightly.
It's hard to calm them though when they get riled up.
Alright, audio.
PD.
There's another perfectly good, better PD right next to you.
A hospital.
These police are being derelict in their duty.
A new year. That means a new nomination.
Oopsie.
A mayot. A mayor.
You get it.
Maybe this would calm them more than the one
like this game show theme song I've
I've lashed all night on my iPhone.
Sometimes that seems to make the rats really feisty.
RFK.
Oh shoot, who won the last one?
Sorry, I'm so focused on numbers today.
Not focusing on the number that matters the most.
The most votes.
We got Bucca Roo Banzai Munch.
Munch making another Jeb one.
Okay, that makes sense.
RFK taking an early lead here.
Orange Julius.
And a big calculator for babies.
Now that could be a difficult one to run against.
Because I love a big calendar myself.
Sorry about that, CV.
Looks like Munch surprisingly surmounting RFK.
I was an RFK guy myself.
I just like his voice.
And I like his hatred of animals.
Because I just relate to it again
because I have a lot of battles with my rats.
It's a love-hate relationship, you know?
Alright.
Here's another PD for the people.
The people love their cops.
They keep them safe by expelling them
from their properties when they don't pay rent.
Just reminding them, this is for the city.
This is for your own safety.
The city will fall apart if you don't pay your rent.
Get out of this place.
I'm sorry if it went up by 300%.
This is a reflection of how well things are functioning here.
People want to live here so bad.
We're making progress.
Up and up we go.
So far we have Munch, right?
Munch and Jeff and me.
We've seen two more.
You want to watch some rat battles.
There's not really room in my wall when I'm in there,
but if you can get by me,
you can see some rats really just,
whoa, doing.
In a way that's terrifying.
Upgrades, necessary infrastructure, upgrades for sale.
A lot of fire departments that could also stand to be upgraded.
Why not all these have no power?
I think sometimes they're just waiting for the power.
Do I need more nuclear power plants suddenly?
That seems unlikely.
There's so many.
I don't know.
Fix it self.
It's a great thing about marrying a city.
If you just wait, a lot of things will fix themselves.
We're holding right over 560,
but we're not progressing as quickly as I'd like past it.
So all right, live and sleazy.
The town is very slowly growing, so...
You're catching every 10 or so frames.
That's moving at actually, you know, a more watchable pace.
Look at this, we're still somehow gaining money.
Just barely.
We're just barely breaking even.
But if I bulldoze enough police stations, I could remedy that problem.
Like, look at all these wasteful, doubled up PDs.
You can consolidate this bad boy into one.
Let's please...
Departments are more expensive?
Look, I'll bring back some casinos if I have to.
But our casinos are very full right now,
so I feel like our fun should just be pouring in.
Anyway, that was rats in my walls. That was a banger.
Not quite as good as the Joker's Wild Opening, but close.
You know, that's stiff competition, the Joker's Wild Opening.
That's a classic theme show, game show too.
It-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it-it.
Right, we've climbed a little bit.
Peter Initiative is working.
I know a lot of the hardliners say...
Fund the police.
I say, yeah. Fund them to have less buildings but buildings that are bigger.
And then when they're in that builder building, they're so grateful to be in it,
you paid them half as much.
And now you cure the cities problems.
These are all sub-par PDs.
That could possibly be reorganized and have to superior police headquarters.
I'd say we begin that process right now.
Stoop some dirty work, do do do do.
Bye-bye.
Sorry, guys.
But also not sorry, here's a beautiful new police headquarters.
People are going crazy for it.
Commerce to fuel growth.
Same deal here.
My growth is explosive right now.
Creating new jobs.
By creating even more malls.
I like to think of this as a 70's espionage movie propaganda.
Destroying buildings without any clearance or warning is espionage.
Look, I'm the mayor. I'm the one who gives the clearance.
And we're clear. We're clear to destroy.
Okay.
Oh, did I hit some kind of limit?
Really?
Well, we'll just assume it's fine.
Or commerce for the people.
I mean, I'm out of police headquarters.
Let's find out by destroying one of these.
Hello.
And I don't know what was going on there.
Come on again.
Never miss a chance to bulldoze twice.
Oh my God, it's already 2028.
When did I take out 2024 is what I did?
Suddenly I could build it.
Okay, I guess we need to nominate because we have Munch, me and Jeb.
We do need more.
I'm a mayor. Nom, nom, nom.
Fiona Nova.
Leon Kennedy.
Why not?
Stewie.
Family guy.
Never seen that show.
I don't know if I can get him.
So a crack smoking dog.
That's some stiff competition and chat.
All right.
All right.
Let's look for more hospitals and schools and I'm on right away.
Chat taking an early lead here.
And a tight race with Leon Kennedy and Fiona Nova.
Chat very close yesterday.
But the people cried out for Peter G.
Me, Munch,
Chat and Jeb need one more.
We'll grab a late comer after the next fiscal year.
Or on the road to progress.
Progressively destroying more and more hospitals.
It's like, Chat took that one, right?
Which creates more evil hospitals or schools.
I'm not good enough to heal myself.
I'm not good enough to heal myself.
With classic Rennerton homeopathic remedies like
submerging yourself in the darkest part of our river.
And waiting for its healing powers of the ancient Rennertoian.
Of course, Rennerton is long practiced river burials
because the river dissolves the body so quickly.
It's way cheaper than cremation.
I'm not from this town, but I've been a fan for a while.
Of course, Nickelodeon silver.
We've got a lot of that in our water too.
Also, one of the few towns brave enough to give its hospitals zero power.
I mean, it's airport zero power.
Their parts are more of a status symbol than a tool for travel.
Smokeback's Godzilla does show up.
And actually, some goals currently for him to be your mayor.
Not sure quite what that looks like, but.
Okay, let's take these out.
Reduce the footprint.
There we go.
Even more commerce.
Even more growth.
Same for these three.
Let's go with a three to one ratio here.
Destroy three, build one.
Pa-ba.
Hospitals for plane.
That's a bold initiative.
You want a hospital?
Well, what if I crash a plane?
Well, actually, that sounds a little...
Maybe that doesn't sound great.
Maybe that's a little...
Maybe that doesn't sound great, actually, saying it out loud.
Well, look, my hearing is all about spitballing ideas.
A school!
It's been a while since I've seen one of these,
and I hope to never see one again.
Another hospital creeping in.
And these properties are just not developing.
We'll give them another couple years.
Take one of these.
Place it with another headquarters.
City needs a hero, and they got one.
And they got one.
That old heroes wear capes.
Some heroes have...
Very large...
Jowls.
It was always my saying.
Some heroes have very large jowls.
Okay.
Once again, tapping out on things to do.
I guess I can replace some of these fire departments
with fire headquarters.
Maybe that's my next initiative.
Or I just do a quick scan for schools and hospitals.
I'm going to do a quick scan for schools and hospitals.
This is what vigilance looks like.
You don't let them pop up.
And they're gone forever.
Once there's a condo there, I don't think it can become a hospital.
I've been trying to...
You know, we have an outreach program, too.
Yakuza dignitaries.
You know, we've sent a lot of representatives out to Tokyo.
We try to show them our ways.
The big jugs of Runnerton water.
Which when people drink, they become way more open
to a lot of things.
And they're like,
they do a lot of things.
For some people say this because it dissolves your frontal cortex.
But there's no proof that that's true.
I say it lights your frontal cortex up
with all the silver electrolytes.
All right, let's find out who the last candidate is.
And I'll take some questions.
You guys have any questions?
So I'll take some questions if there are any questions.
Exclamation point P is how you send a question to the press pool.
Show Boba's Loop, chef again.
Goblin piece of HUD, wow.
Still running ads to this day on Runnerton TV.
Apparently it's paying off.
He still pops up on a poll every once in a while.
Vod command question mark.
We'll see.
We'll see who the last option is.
I don't think we need this fire department.
We hit 570.
Oh my gosh.
I'll be honest. I didn't know what I was doing.
He's gonna work. What he sure is.
And Kevin Perera.
TV's Kevin Perera.
Loop chef and show Boba's Loop Chef pulling ahead.
Da da da da da da da da da.
And Loop Chef.
Could be a tight election.
Got Munch, me, Jeb, Loop Chef.
And Shet.
KP with the pity vote.
Hey, every vote counts.
He got one.
Oh, I'm so nice. I decided to play it twice. Yeah, KP was the uh,
KP with the GPT party. The grand party time party. All right. I don't really see in hospitals.
Not seeing schools. That's what I like to see. Do you never know when one of these
perfectly decent neighborhoods could suddenly upgrade into a hospital? Just out of nowhere it
happens sometimes. These look at all the commerce, this train station it seems to have created.
All right. We're getting close to election time. It's 2030.
Next election is 2032. Don't worry. I'm living in the wall. I'm living for the weekend
when I can spend all my time in the wall. Oh wait, it is the weekend. Ah, shit. I'm working weekends.
Well, someday I plan on retiring. Now I got a couple of walls to pick from.
The wall's in this beautiful office or, you know, that weird studio.
Okay. These have not developed. So, guess let's encourage
growth. Bea. Oh, there's a crappy normal police department.
Bea, some sweet, sweet commerce. Maybe a better police station will liven up this area.
Oh, there's already one right there. A lot of police stations. Dude, is the press thing working?
Why is my press thing not working? Dreamer bots.
I just, let me get this. Sorry, everybody. Let me see if I can fix this.
Oh, somehow the command got deleted. Let me fix this, everybody.
Unknown command. All right. We're going to recreate it. Sorry about that. It's never happened before.
Command just goes away like that. Okay, now it should work. There it is. It's back.
I'll go ahead and resubmit that for you.
Or you can. Okay, you did.
The activation point P is working again. Somehow it got deleted after last night.
So, you're welcome to submit any question you'd like.
Make sure every other parts of it are still working.
Yeah, looks like it's working again. Okay.
574,000. We're climbing. Climbing the charts.
My HQ policy seems to be working.
An HQ policy for an HD man. All right.
All right. Looks like we have a couple of questions.
But maybe I'll leave those to the next mayor. I guess we can take some real quick ahead of my election.
A couple that are in there.
Look, I have never really dealt with the press before.
I'm trying to producing people that were talking to the press.
So, it should be exciting for me.
Let's go down there and see what they want.
Oh, wish me luck, everybody.
Hello, everyone.
Okay, I got a good pic of this face.
All right. Happy to take any of your questions at this time.
You there, little guy.
I'm used to talking, dog, so you're not going to surprise me.
Oh, he's just not there.
Vanished.
Visible Ricky making a comeback?
One second, everybody. Let me see.
I swear to God, I just saw a guy there.
Just saw a guy not losing my mind.
That's a rumor.
A baseless rumor.
Oh, I see what happened.
Come on.
There it is.
I don't know.
I see you now.
I see you now, and it's an interesting sight.
Well, questions there.
Question?
Sorry about that. I was peeing.
Oh, that's where your crouch down.
Yes, and you're inating on the floor.
Anyway, any chance we'll see small businesses make a comeback in this town.
Um, no.
No, we're actually a big business type of town,
which I'm sure you're all very relieved to hear.
No small businesses.
Not on my watch.
Keeping all the businesses nice and big.
A big business for everyone.
And frankly, I don't appreciate accusations that I would allow anything other
than the biggest, largest, most multinational change.
Change, change to exist in this town.
All right.
This guy gets it.
Make Renerton fun again.
Exclamation point.
Is that a question?
Because I'll do it, baby.
Look, uh, for too long our amusement parks have had a bunch of unnecessary safety restrictions.
How is it supposed to be a thrill ride if I know it's safe?
Well, I want to return us to the old way.
Anybody that has a couple of scraps of metal and some wheels
can make their own roller coaster and you can rezone your apartment as a tiny indoor amusement park
for a nominal fee of TBD.
Okay.
Any plans on building a wall to keep the Kremten filth out?
Of course, they should pay for it as well.
That's my idea.
That was my idea actually first.
And so you must have gotten that for me because I was thinking of that the whole time.
And you took the words out of my mouth because it's my idea.
So yes, big time.
That's definitely going to happen.
Keep them out.
And, uh, I see no reason why they wouldn't pay for it because they like that because they respect me.
They were the question of how much I'm respected.
They're going to say yes.
And that's a huge campaign promise.
I'm sticking my entire campaign on.
Definitely checking back in four years.
It'll be done.
Silencing the critics.
A loop-de-loop twisty-wee.
Bring any bells?
Um, not really.
Am I supposed to know what that means?
A loop-de-loop twisty-wee, your band from Mayering.
Peter give and give me my property.
Whoa, what?
I think you got a spot on your face.
What do you mean?
Where?
Where?
Where is it?
You're not getting it.
You're touching it but you're not getting it.
What?
Where is it?
It's on your cheek.
It's right, right directly where you're touching.
Do you feel it?
Covered in ketchup and mustard?
Uh, well I had Chinese food today so that makes sense.
Wait a minute, those are two little hot dogs.
Yeah, like I said, I had Chinese food.
Wait, sorry.
What, you want your podium?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm officially announcing my candidacy for mayor.
And good luck meeting me.
Um, you know, I got to complete it for me because I'm so famous.
I have no idea who you are.
And also you're not on the balance.
So you got to get nominated in a fair nomination process.
Buy anyone saying your name, first five people to say a name, win.
Hurt of it?
Are you even from here?
Look at this guy, he doesn't even get how fucking Rennerton works.
Maybe this guy's from Cremton.
Get him out.
Get him out.
I hate to see some of these guys in here.
I don't know if they rough them up, they rough them up.
Whoa, you're just threatening to beat me up?
Not me, I'm just saying what if people here dead?
This is the press, they're not going to attack me.
They might.
Do you have any questions?
What's your plan to get RFK Jr. to stop dumping dead bears in our parks?
Well my plan is actually to encourage RFK,
despite our political differences in the sense that he tried to run against me,
to dump even more dead bears in our parks.
Listen, this used to be an economy that was 10% dead bears.
We used to have our dead bears for Cheetos factory.
How did that work again?
Something, I think the dead bears were fuel or killing bears somehow created the Fritos and Cheetos.
Just a classic Rennerton factory, you know an animal based factory that then produces a couple
goods.
And I plan to bring that back, RFK I'd love to do it with your help.
This is a unity ticket, okay?
And I've been very upfront about that.
One more question from you.
How do your glasses fit on your disproportionate head?
These are what the people want to know.
And that'll probably keep them from voting for you.
Look, they do.
They're doing it.
I have very malleable glasses as you can see there.
I got glasses, a lot of people get Lasik surgery.
I actually had glasses implanted into my skin.
These don't come off.
They're hooked in here and there's no dinking noise.
Because at this point it's as much skin as it is glass.
I guess no more questions.
Stunned into silence.
Good luck fighting that kind of marrying anywhere else.
Okay, let's take a couple more.
Let's take just a couple more.
Oh geez.
So I like all the mayors.
I play lottery on the side here.
Just checking my numbers.
We actually have a Bloomberg box just to our left
that feeds us lottery results.
One of the few mayoral offices to have it.
Yes, you there.
Have any questions for me?
How do your glasses fit on your display?
We did that one.
Do you have any actual, do you have a new question?
What would you do with $5,000?
Well, I'd check to make sure that I
followed all the rules and regulations
before requesting the $5,000.
Most people don't understand that there's very specific rules
and regulations before you could win the $5,000.
Anyone can win, but you have to follow the rules and regulations.
Otherwise what?
You just expect to get $5,000?
Peter, man, what is the door death situation in Rennerton?
And have they started delivering to walls?
Well, this is a hack for anyone that loves walls.
Walls are often attached to rooms in most cases.
I've lived in some non-room walls, but the best walls are attached to rooms.
You just have to learn the address of the room.
And then when the delivery man delivers, you cry out,
help, I'm being attacked.
Do anything to get inside.
This is also, you don't have to leave your wall.
He'll come in, you'll say, oh my God, I'm trapped in the wall.
Help, help put food in and I'll use it as a lubricant.
To get my body out.
That'll be very confused at this point.
They'll maybe, they'll usually shove the food bag into the wall,
at which point, you know, the rats scramble for it,
causing him to drop it.
They'll sprint out of the room screaming,
trailed by your horde of rats.
And assuming you didn't pay with a credit card
and you have to pay in person, you'll then get the food for free.
That wouldn't work with door dash.
You've already paid.
With door dash, you have already paid.
But it doesn't make it any less fun of a process.
So just a little life hack for everybody.
Who lives in a wall?
Okay, well, Mr. Mayor, how do you respond to the allegations
that you were in league with Godzilla
and also Dracula for reasons?
I don't even, for some reason, I don't know.
I mean, look, like all mayors in this town,
I've been working with Godzilla
to try to curtail the threat of Godzilla.
You know, you can't get rid of new people
without already having some nukes.
And while I'd love to get rid of Godzilla,
we already have a Godzilla,
but you can't get rid of a Godzilla
without engaging with a Godzilla.
And I've been engaging with him regularly.
He's a close and personal friend.
And yes, he is a campaign donor,
which I think keeps this country and this city,
which I consider a country even safer.
I think of Rennerton as its own feudal state.
Yeah, that's in the country.
Fuedal state.
Yeah, that's in the Constitution.
We all do.
The last question,
why wouldn't they just end up living inside the wall?
The deliveryman.
Sorry, I was thinking about it.
The whole time you were talking about Godzilla,
you never answered my Dracula question, by the way.
But my question is now reverted back to the deliveryman.
Veal, your scheme, wouldn't he just live in the wall?
No, the rats terrify most deliverymen.
Most people aren't accustomed to the rats.
And that's what you're not getting.
That's because you haven't really lived in a wall with rats.
So you can't just walk in here and assume you get it.
If you've lived in a wall, you get it.
He's terrified.
They're terrified of the rats because they're not wall people.
That's what you're not getting.
You know, I guess.
Look, no more questions.
I'm sorry.
Got a little heated at the end there.
We'll circle back for questions another time.
Thank you for your time.
At this time, I do have to return to my wall office.
You can't give the press any...
You can't take it easy on them.
You got to be in attack mode.
You got to show them who's boss.
Answer their questions calmly.
But the whole time, think about spanking them.
That's how I stayed so cool there.
I read that in a public speaking book.
Picture the audience as a giant butt that you're spanking.
And then just picture the jiggles from the spank.
It'll soothe you.
It'll keep you calm.
Keep you rational.
You can dominate any press corps.
Okay.
Back to the actual business of marrying this town.
It's almost election season.
Only a year and a half away it'll fly right by.
Where's my game show music?
579,000 citizens.
You're real.
I actually have technically married this town better than anyone.
This is the most population increase we've seen since the early days.
Of the modern era, 20,000 new citizens in eight years.
I think that's actually double what Crumb pulled off.
So I guess you could say, I'm twice the Crumb.
Peter Gibbon.
I'm twice the Crumb.
Na na na na na na na na na.
Look, I even rectified the issue of South Rennerton's notorious slubs.
I turned them into shipping containers.
What's going on here?
Look, there's just a tiny track of water here.
The great Rennerton Mid-City Lake.
It's like Silver Lake.
But for this play, you lived in a shipping container apartment in Amsterdam.
It was nice.
See?
I got the sign off of the people.
I got the mandate of the people.
Okay, are there even any regular PDs left?
It's going to do one final scan.
So once you've got the data, you're going to have to do a little bit of a scan.
Once and for all, eliminate the scourge of regular police stations.
In a sense, they're like schools because they're police stations that are
supposed to be learning to be police headquarters.
Well, we don't like schools here.
We trust our police officers to all be a police headquarters.
Everyone is a police chief in our policing system.
And that's, but they all get paid like rookies to keep them young and hungry.
All right, we got them all.
Not a single regular police station to be found.
What's happening?
Well, I'm just mayoring the city expertly actually.
Just doing a little bit of perfect mayoring.
As we hit 582, we passed 580.
And we're going so quickly, I didn't even notice.
What about the unprecedented economic tsunami under Mayor Ralph Munchkut?
Those were the glory days.
Godzilla attacks and plane crashes all week long.
Well, look, I can't deny that under his leadership, the town was somehow hit by several tsunamis despite
having a very low water level river as our only water source.
And yeah, the relief efforts to attempt to rebuild the town under Munchkut tsunami cleanup
industries, very aptly titled, are part of what made him the mega millionaire that he is today.
But you know, those were, that was a different time.
When I had to worry about with tsunamis, I would have to worry about schools and hospitals,
which you never know.
They could come back at any time.
Sure, we have zero schools and hospitals right now.
But what if I told you we could have some if we're not careful?
The end game of SimCity is just the near future dystopia from Robocop.
Um, why dystopia?
I'm looking for a topia here.
Why are you dissonant?
Super cops.
Some of their cops are now robots.
The year is 2032.
What did you expect?
That there's not going to be robot cops?
Do you even want to live in the future?
Or are you stuck in the past because it's actually 10 years in the future now?
Almost.
All right, well my plan if reelected, which why I've done such a crazily surprisingly good job.
Um, surprisingly, to some, me I knew the whole time that what I was guessing would that would work.
My plan if I get elected again, all those all these regular fire departments.
Super fire departments.
It's the future baby.
2032, but it's election season, so I do have to make a speech.
If I have any campaign writers in the chat,
please consider putting my campaign platforms in the chat.
Wisely, the city founders cut the budget for politicians to have any actually paid staff.
Well, you can have privately paid staff, for instance, all these munch cut age that are
still live in town hall for some reason.
But I don't have any writers other than you guys.
So feel free to put any campaign platforms I might have in the chat.
But it's election time.
And that means I got to hit the campaign trail.
So let's go to my huge rally with all my supporters.
Hello everyone.
Hello.
Where's my music?
Where's my soaring music?
Oh, I got muted.
There we go.
Sorry, now my mic's on.
Sorry about that everybody.
Oh, the stadium couldn't hear me before.
Just know I was saying, uh, do you smell that?
That's the smell of 600,000 humans using bathrooms.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're going to get there.
600,000 waste filled humans relieving themselves all over Rennerton.
That's what I've essentially already banished under my term.
Not since Ralph Munch cut, who I deeply respect.
Has anyone seen the city grow this much?
And let me just say this because I think my record speaks for itself
and I understand this is controversial.
But not to my base because they get it that insulation is not candy.
Now look, my campaign advisors told me to not say this,
but we're are trying to get the town to 600,000.
And the amount of deaths we've had from people eating insulation is staggering.
I'd say it's the number one thing holding us back from growth.
Okay, I'm seeing a lot of, I'm seeing a lot of upset faces.
But just really think about it.
It's not, it doesn't even taste good.
Tastes okay.
I've had some myself and I didn't go to a hospital for it, by the way.
Huffed it out.
Look, it's the future.
Okay, colds have been eliminated.
One of the reasons I've never been to a hospital in Rennerton.
But 2032 and Big Macs, guess what they cost?
They cost a dollar and there's less meat in them than ever.
At this rate, we can use all of our cows to produce even more sneakers.
And I know that that's controversial for some
because horses have traditionally been used to create sneakers here in Rennerton.
But cows can be used as well.
Not that we can't use horses.
I'm nothing against horses.
Hard-working horses.
Ready to be slaughtered for sneakers.
Listen, Jello Sumo, Sumo Wrestling Day is almost upon us.
But I do encourage you to still try to vote.
I know you'll be busy with all the Jello Sumo Wrestling, but they're scheduled on the same
day. And I don't plan on changing that.
Rennerton Walls are the best in the nation.
And that's why I promised them.
We basically started building one.
And I said Kremsen would pay for it.
And they haven't said that it's impossible to pay for it.
Look, now at this time, I do have to engage in the proud tradition of
Rennerton, Mayoral Rapp.
And I don't do it because I want to.
I do it because I love you.
And I love this town.
Okay?
That's why I'm doing this to you.
Oh, what am I, I think I'm hearing it.
I think I'm hearing it.
You guys hearing that?
Oh, I like it.
Okay, well, anyway.
You want a mayor?
You want a mayor with balls?
Step up to P to G because I live inside the wall.
The walls of your mind.
I saw the walls of time.
2032 baby and Peter's still feeling so fine.
I'm dropping facts, facts, facts up on your ass.
Facts, facts while puffing on that grass.
Rennerton, you know that you can't stop it.
And Jeb, he's a better choice if I'm being perfectly honest.
That's right.
I'm endorsing Jeb straight off the head.
Free style endorsement of someone other than me, man.
LMFAO, they were banned from 2012 with a back in 2032.
And they've been given the charts.
Some hell that's right.
A 60 year old LMFAO is on the charts.
We brought them back, baby.
From the heart.
Think inside the wall.
Don't think inside the box or the walls.
And the walls, guess what they have at all.
Lucky, lucky.
Do not ask me why.
Lucky because I am a family man.
Might not have kids and I might not have a wife.
But I'll tell you what I'm winning at, bitch.
And that is life.
Think inside the wood like Jeb.
If you know what's good, Jeb from May or 2020, 32 or whatever.
Let's do it, kids.
Rennerton, well, this is how we live.
You all got them?
Guess what?
I'm inside them kids.
Woo.
All right.
That's a check.
Keep teleporting.
There's a teleportation button under this stage.
And it's on a hair trigger.
Anyway, vote for me, obviously.
I mean, I've basically beaten the game almost.
We can finally hit that Godzilla button.
Have some fun.
Don't tell nobody.
Okay.
Stay safe out there.
Keep your walls with a little bit of clearance for a rotund man.
Because that's Rennerton construction law.
And I'll see you at the polls.
Bye-bye, everybody.
Too easy, honestly.
Too easy.
Okay.
Well, I'm assuming it's a, it's a, I'm a shoe in.
So let's send it to some ads and then let's send it to a, send it to the polls.
Back on the polls.
All right.
See you soon.
Hey, everyone.
It's me, Bradley McNally, letting you know that I'm running to be your next mayor of Rennerton.
I think you all have a super look and I think you should all be on Dancing with the Star.
You look super fit.
Heart emoji, heart emoji, heart emoji.
So vote for me and I can be at all of your DM.
I'm Randy McNally and I approve this message, Rennerton.
Come on, show me what you got.
Let me see it.
I love to see it plutonically.
Boy, I can't see a thing.
Can't see a thing without my glasses.
Oh, well, maybe I just learned how to run a town.
For too long, people have been afraid to make a change.
Well, I got a different way of doing things.
All right.
I'm going to bulldoze a lot of the industrial parts of town and just see what happens.
Yeah, everybody says, oh, it's working.
Just get rid of the fire departments, the fire departments and we'll probably hit $600,000.
Well, if I bulldozed a lot of the industrial section at times,
but a lot of people are afraid of bulldozing stuff, despite it being a core value of Rennerton.
Well, they say you can't teach an old dog new tricks.
Well, how come I learned how to bulldoze in just a week?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm going to bulldoze it myself.
I'm going to drive the machines and I'm going to, I'm going to revel in learning
the beautiful art of learning to smash buildings and all everything will look like this.
We're ruined and destroyed, but you can't, you can't build something new without destroying
something whole.
And I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid to break things.
I'm not afraid to break the world.
I don't know why it still says,
Pepito vote for Pepito.
He's not even on the ballot vote for me.
I'm jab.
I'm jab.
All right.
Back from commercial.
I'm ready for this election.
All right.
All right.
Let's get into it, folks.
It's election night here in Rennerton,
as we play our traditional Rennerton,
Mayor, or your anthem,
which is oddly just the president's anthem.
I've learned.
I thought it was Arthur.
Turns out it was the president's first.
Oh, well,
you've got some exciting options this year.
Who is your next mayor?
Jeb, Munch, Jett, Peter, or I always forget the fifth one.
Always somehow forget the fifth one.
Maybe we should set four options because I can't,
I can never remember the fifth.
Rob Elvie.
It can't be Rob Elvie.
Who am I forgetting?
It's five of them.
Damn.
Dealers choice.
Remembering five things is a lot.
That's why you got it.
The two-party system has its advantages in that,
you can't remember five whole names.
That's a lot of names.
My head is an infinite cavern of thoughts.
Yeah, I have no clue either.
Um, oh, it was Lubechef.
It was Lubechef.
It came to me eventually.
Lubechef, yes, of course.
Of course.
How could I forget?
All right.
Here you go.
It is election time.
Go!
Let's see.
Who will it be?
Jeb?
With the early one-vote lead.
Could this be the all-time low turnout election for Rennerton?
Right as we almost mount the zenith of residency,
that is 600,000 citizens.
Will we return bring Munch back for this momentous occasion?
Do the people feel like Munch for some reason
deserves it just because he founded the town?
Not my words.
Other people on the streets are saying this.
Listen, am I a close and personal friend of Ralph Munchcutt?
Well, he's really mean to me,
but I have known him for about 100 years.
But he can be vicious.
In a friendly way is what he says.
But this newsman will be honest with you.
It does sometimes hurt my feelings the way he talks to me.
Sorry, Ralph.
I'm kidding.
I'm giving it back to you, actually.
This is all playful.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Jeb off to a commanding lead.
His promise to just bulldoze other stuff,
seemingly winning the people over currently.
How much industry can he get away with bulldozing?
In the most polluted part of town,
seems like not the greatest place to plan an expansion,
but that does seem to be his plan nonetheless.
Or will we stay coarse with uh...
Oh wait, Lubechef.
Lubechef is below the screen here.
But he's...
Oh my god, he's on the come up.
Can Lubechef surpass Jeb?
Lubechef a total unknown when it comes to governance style.
What would only be wearing?
A lot of people are asking.
Probably won't be as nude as people like,
but you know, there's probably a chef's hat somewhere around here.
Not a single vote for Peter.
Despite growing the town more than anyone
in possibly the last 50 years,
did not endear himself,
was considered to have a disaster of a press conference
and a disaster of a campaign trail.
That's partially just because people saw him for the first time.
They're like, that's what he looks like?
Though that's what he looked like scandal of 2030.
Shocking times.
But at this time, the shock of the century,
Jeb, an unknown non-Reniton native
who just appeared up in the polls,
a couple election cycles ago,
his name seems to have seeped into the consciousness
of our incredibly low turnout population.
And those who actually care enough to vote have voted for Jeb.
And I for one welcome,
oh sorry guys, I'm just prepping Jeb over here.
Sorry about that, Handam.
What the fuck man?
In the middle of talking,
just cutting to some random tech guy.
Was Jeb too busy to run?
Who's Jeb?
Wait, you mean that Jeb?
There's no way he's related to that Jeb.
That Jeb's incredible.
If he ran for mayor,
he wouldn't even need to run.
He could waltz into office.
Anyway, Jeb is our new mayor.
I for one wish the mayor good luck, good luck Jeb.
And I wanted to say Jeb so bad, but I guess it's Jeb.
Good luck Jeb.
Wish you all the best.
And let's see if he can do it.
We're very close.
We're very close to 600,000.
I feel like you'd almost have to
try to not get us there as mayor.
But he could be the revolutionary one to do just that.
Let's send it to the mayor's office
where Jeb is standing by.
Well, time to learn the greatest new trick of all.
We're running an entire sheddy.
Good to see everybody.
It's nice to get away from my dad in the wood for just a minute.
Very used to him
polluting my mind with his thoughts constantly,
whaling in the wood.
Well, not today daddy.
Today we're doing things the Jeb way.
Ah, there's some relaxing tunes to mayor too.
Well, would dad be comptroller?
I couldn't bring him.
If I take him out of the wood
or transport the wood out of the circle,
who knows what'll happen?
Gotta leave that wood in the wood shop.
Sometimes I call it wood shop, the circle.
It's a nickname I have for it.
All right, the year is 2032.
Well, about to be 2033.
And I'm ready to take office.
Okay, 590,000?
Wow, we're getting close.
Wow, wowey wow.
Let me just get the lay of the land here.
Because we need about more than 10,000 more people on the land.
I'm excited to find out what, uh,
what we can do to get us over the finish line here.
Now look, my plan, commercial districts,
these industrial districts, are taking up space.
They even bringing that, I mean,
look, these people aren't even moving here
because they're so bummed out by all this industrial sludge.
But I bulldoze it all, make it all residential.
Rebuild the town using only wood.
Well, I do know my way around some wood.
Just gonna really think about this carefully.
Maybe, maybe the press has some advice?
It's just, it's important when you're doing something new,
not to rush into it.
So before I start bulldozing,
and obviously I'm gonna get to my bold initiatives and plans,
I'm gonna go hog wild on this city,
really do what I can for it.
Let's, uh, go down to the press and just
see the, get the temperature of the people
via their press.
Press of the button, time to learn something.
Okay, fantastic.
Away we go, wish me luck with these,
with these press jackals.
Just gonna do my best, hope for the best.
Hello everybody.
Hello.
I know, I've taken photography classes myself.
What kind of camera is that?
Anywhere, okay, yeah.
You there, do you have any questions for me?
I'm, I'm Jeb Noggett.
I know who you are, man.
You're the mayor.
You just won.
Very bright on you.
Yeah, it's bright over here.
All the lights are turned this way for some reason.
I'm sorry about that.
Uh, what's your question?
What's your current plan to get the townspeople to put their
pitchforks down and go back into their homes?
Well, I mean, I can't really blame them
because the streets got covered in hay after that hay explosion.
You know, we have that huge hay factory to feed all the animals that we slaughter.
You know, the animals we slaughter before opening the opening various
manufactured products shipped from overseas.
Yeah, I live here, man.
I know how it works.
Anyway, yeah, the, the factory that produces all the hay exploded
after all those ducks caught on fire.
Well, yeah, the factory that produces the hay slaughters ducks
before producing the hay.
Otherwise, how are they going to make it?
Okay, yeah, I mean, I don't know how it works,
but I'd love to learn.
So anyway, until the, you know, metric tons of hay either blow away,
I guess I can't really fault the people for grabbing their pitchforks
and doing what needs to be done.
Although they are doing a lot of stabbing.
Citizens, I would encourage you to stab each other
less with the pitchforks.
You should use them to clean up the hay,
and you're not doing that as much as fighting with them.
But that's just a, that's a gentle note from your mayor.
What's your plan to stop people from living in our walls?
Um, well, the previous administration did spend a lot of energy encouraging and,
I guess by example, suggesting people should live in walls.
And I'm just going to say, you don't need to.
You have a house.
There's very little room in the walls.
Well actually, for the residents, it's more of a necessity because
when we're really overpopulating the whole city,
it's not really enough land for 600,000 people.
Oh well, that's not your, okay, now who's anti-business?
Who's mad at the hay explosion, doesn't want people living in walls, just to,
there's enough room.
And if you want to live in a wall to make that kind of room, then I say,
uh, I have a friend named Paul who lives in a wall,
and he's never disappointed me with his sick rhymes.
What? I don't know.
How do you feel about the injustice shown to Hamtaro?
Hamtaro? What is with this obsession with Hamtaro?
I don't really, why do people want a hamster mayor so bad?
You know, you've got a perfectly good mayor here, you've had a secession of,
oh shit, are we about to, uh, sorry, you there, if you have one more question for me.
Um, Hamtaro, what the hell is a hamster doing here?
Look, I don't have time to answer that.
I think something's ought to happen with the city.
Apologies, I'll be right back.
Jesus, is it gonna just do it?
Look at what my leadership has done.
I, and we did it.
Six hundred thousand citizens.
Oh my god.
The residents of Sim City have decided to honor you as their most successful mayor.
I knew I could do it.
Thank you so much for the 100 bits, Apple Dapple.
You've helped this city grow into a thriving megalopolis,
and you should have a long career as a politician.
Look, this is what steadfast leadership can do for you.
Sorry to immediately come back, but you might have noticed we just hit 600,000 citizens.
That was all me.
Everything is happening now.
Everything is happening now.
Thank you all so much.
I knew we could get there together.
Together for all of us forward has long been the campaign slogan of seemingly every politician that
runs here.
Sorry, you still have a question?
Okay, that guy doesn't have a question, I guess.
Thank you for all the bits pouring in in honor of this momentous day.
Now that we have such a voluminous tax base,
there's no telling how much we can grow as the most successful mayor ever.
Unsurprisingly, I'm getting all the big dough-nose.
Don't let me thank you so much for the 100 bits.
Wolfdog, thank you for the 23 months.
Jiggle Trash, thank you for the 100 bits.
I cannot believe that we've managed to do this.
I mean that I managed to do this.
I did this.
Wow.
Did you have a question?
Are you asking why there are rumors that you may or may not have murdered
my father in craft, him in a piece of wood?
And do I have any response to those claims?
Does that is a tax and spend, crimson lib?
Well, I guess I just spent that hot cheddar on making this the biggest town in the world.
Put this on your regimen.
I will.
This is going right at the top.
You may, grew the, grew the town to the biggest town of all time.
How's this right?
I still consider it a town.
It might not be the biggest city of all time.
It's called a town.
I think it's the biggest town ever.
I thank you, Apple Devil, for reining these
big pannas.
What a time to be alive.
Dad, you said, oh, where are you going?
My dad's like, where are you going?
Why would you be a mayor?
Oh, well, I'll tell you why.
I'll tell you why because, because I knew I was the best man for the job.
And I don't care how many of you seem to be getting sick right in front of me.
I guess you're sick with excitement.
Can you stop biting people actually?
It's, this is kind of my moment.
Okay.
Sorry, let me, I'm getting a call apparently.
Commute that.
I'll be back.
I'll be back to celebrate more.
Oh, there's a fire.
Well, look, there's going to be a little bit of rioting
when a day like this happens.
Obviously, there's going to be a little bit of rioting.
Like it's just a little fire.
Look, this is too easy.
I've already said I was going to bulldoze the industrial zone.
Bulldozed.
Honestly, too easy.
Thank you, Stanton, for the 100 bits.
Too goddamn easy.
The purge begins.
Let's not be too dramatic, everyone.
Let's not be too dramatic.
All you need in moments like this is steady leadership,
pollution warnings, well, more like a pollution celebration.
Mighty odds.
Thank you so much for the five.
Nasty gifted subs.
We'd love to see it.
Thank you for letting us see it.
Look, everybody needs to settle down in the streets.
Obviously, there's occasionally going to be a little bit of spog.
Going to occasionally be a giant fire at the rail station.
Really?
Well, look, weather, you can't control the weather.
And yeah, I said I don't want any FEMA loans,
sure, because I said, FEMI alone.
Leave me alone.
Okay, that's really rampaging.
Come look, I just got to bulldoze a little bit of the stuff in its path.
And then what can it even do?
What can it?
I meant to get rid of a lot of these casinos anyway.
Jesus.
Okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Calm down, fire.
I'm doing the bulldoze.
Jesus.
All right.
Can you just chill out, tornado?
What kind of tornado will last this long?
Is this ridiculous?
This is ridiculous.
Okay, we didn't like that.
We didn't like that giant,
humongous commercial district anyway.
It was not important.
It wasn't needed.
And look, now it's being a polite tornado.
You're controlling the weather?
Could you please?
Okay.
Yes, obviously there's pollution.
Do you think there are other priorities right now?
Did you notice the tornado that will not go away?
Ridiculously, it's worth how much is this tornado going to rampage?
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone on the 900, just Mama Jam 500, Shani.
Tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
I'm sending federal resources to help the mayor recover from the fire
and restore law in order to renter them.
This bipartisan offers of money and resources is extremely partisan of the president.
Just because you're trying to see, I stopped the tornado like it was nothing.
All I had to do was bulldoze a couple things.
And we're good.
We're close to a river anyway.
So what?
Some of the city's without power?
Barely any of it.
It's only taken me a couple months to restore power.
And could you have restored it faster?
Shit, the fire's still raging?
God damn it.
Oh, what now?
Really?
What now?
What now?
This is just so silly.
It's silly.
It just was a little shake.
It's just a little ground shake.
Look, it didn't even do anything.
Essentially, what's that noise?
Essentially it didn't do anything.
From what I can tell?
A couple fires and a little loss of power never stopped anybody.
It never stopped a single person.
Look, we've lost a couple citizens.
We've fallen just below 600,000.
But, oh my god, another pollution warning?
How is there pollution?
All the factories that don't have power right now.
I'm just going to make a couple calls.
Sorry about this, everyone.
I'll make some.
Oh my god, a Bowser attack?
We don't need the support of this dangerously liberal president
who's offering money to everybody.
I called the Bowser Godzilla and told him
look, don't attack us.
I pressed the Bowser button because I was letting him know
don't attack us right now.
There's not that many buildings for you to even destroy.
Call Jet?
I wasn't necessarily going to call Jet for advice.
Because what would he even know?
I mean, he might know something because
technically he's been mayor of several towns actually.
Not by choice, by the mandate of overwhelming mandate of the towns that
he visited on humanitarian efforts.
They immediately elected him mayor.
But just because he has some practical experience
pulled numerous poverty nations, entire nations out of poverty
doesn't mean I need his advice right now.
Okay?
I'm not calling Lori Wetz, I can't even say her last name
because it doesn't feel safe.
Bowser, please.
Oh, you're turning?
Why did I bulldoze that building then?
Could you at least update me, Godzilla Bowser,
when you're going to make moves like that?
Where is he going?
Honestly.
Shoot, we are for the first time.
Oh, we're still in the green.
We're still making money hand over fist.
Honestly, the town's more like, stop it, bout.
I know there's pollution.
Do not destroy our...
I know you have a bad history with Mario,
but can you please take it easy on the Mario statue?
The hype is ended?
That's not my fault.
I saw an article in the Rennerton bi-monthly daily
accusing me of being the reason that the hype is ended.
It just ends sometimes.
That's how it goes.
Jesus.
It's almost election time.
Two more years till we don't even have candidates.
There's no time.
There's no time for new candidates.
Oh, Bowser.
Can you tell how long has this fuck around
has been years of this?
Years of this little fucker walking around the city.
Oh, I've lost so much power.
This is insane.
Look, please, Bowser, can you just let me restore power to the city maybe?
Look, restoring power to the city.
Can everybody chill out?
There's plenty of power still.
It's just over here.
We just gotta run a little bit of lines
to the remaining infrastructure that we have
and Bowser's gonna do his thing
and I'll clean up after him, okay?
If there's any other mayor that you think
would have the APM to handle this kind of crisis,
I'd like to meet him.
Look, the Bowser's gone.
He's only left a couple fires in his wake.
It's almost election season.
Who will oust Jeb?
Look, um...
Oh my god, there's...
Why is there still explosions going off?
Who is still smashing things?
Oh my god, there's so many explosions going off.
Where even are they?
How bad can they be if I'm not even aware of...
What the fuck happened here?
The whole nuclear power plant caught on fire?
That's a manufacturing error.
That you can't...
Why are there just fires everywhere?
That's not even where the Godzilla or their tornado was.
What? Since when do cities just randomly...
There's so many fire departments.
What are they doing?
Oh, and there's a big fire here?
It's almost election time.
Look, a Tiffany Amrithiation hot dog sandwich jet
brought to Rob Elvie in Dr. Detroit.
Okay, fine.
You know what?
Hot dog sandwich and hot dog sandwich it is.
Hot dog sandwich beat jet.
How do you like that jet?
How does it feel?
What the fuck?
Why are there still so many explosions?
All right, look, I just have to make a call.
Give me just a second.
Jesus.
Ridiculous what I have to do for this time.
So fucking busy.
But I'm just supposed to make time, I guess,
for a bunch of random explosions?
The reckoning is coming.
For too long he's gotten away with it.
There's a price to immortality.
The timeline was shattered.
And now you all must pay the price.
Ah, let me out of the painting.
Why does everybody get trapped and stuff around here?
Well, I guess jet's not coming
because he's busy in...
Doing something in the Middle East.
Jesus.
Okay, well look, it's election time.
And the only people on the ballot are hot dog sandwich and munchin' me.
And I can't help it if that's the case,
but I can at least do a rally
to try to salvage what's left of my reputation.
Because this stuff isn't my fault.
This is a natural disaster's happened naturally.
So, give me just a second.
Hello everyone.
I wish we were here under...
Under circumstances, but I'm glad to see there's still such a large turnout, honestly.
Look, my campaign platform is...
Not my fault.
The explosions you're hearing could have happened under any mayor.
And hot dog sandwich does not have the solutions you need.
We don't need to go back to the past with munch either.
God, there's a lot of explosions.
We are very lucky this place hasn't exploded.
Look.
Sawdust is a great substitute for parmesan.
Okay? Can we get back to basics here?
We don't need to be...
All depressed and stuff.
If you just use the destruction of your homes,
harvest the sawdust and make it into parmesan,
I think we could really restore the economy.
And I would apparently have to wrap.
We're under duress here.
The elections passed.
Approaching.
So I'll just...
Look, I'm a traditional Rennerton Lake olive.
Obviously I rap.
Every...
Every campaign I rap.
If you can handle that, I'm gonna drop a rap.
That's what I do.
I'll show you too how to.
How I will come through.
The mayoring that I do.
I do for the people.
That's you.
Okay, some of you are saying that I'm a loser.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
Much cunt is not the future.
He's the past.
And I passed his ass.
I got us a 600,000s.
And you all saw that.
I'm not a fraud.
I'm a simple wood god.
That's ungod to the wood.
Applaud.
Clap, clap, clap.
Like you're blanking some planks.
But I'm that master that never shoots blanks.
I could make a gun out of wood.
Watch good.
I could make a Ferrari out of wood.
Watch good.
Maserati.
Yeah, you know that you want to.
I made a wood Maserati because I'm a wood god.
So just vote for me.
I'll get us back.
Like a train, I'll put it back on the track.
And yes, I know there's been some buildings that explode.
And sure, there was also a derailment on railroads.
And all the trains are off the tracks and all the buildings are burning.
But I've been your mayor for eight years and I promise that I'm one of the
mayor for eight years.
And I promise that I'm learning.
So vote for me and you will see I'll restore this city to productivity.
Thank you so much.
Not even an appointment.
I didn't get to teleport.
Oh, they applauded that.
Okay, it's election time, everybody.
Thanks so much.
Thanks so much.
Bye bye.
Look, a lot of stuff happened while I was mayor.
This is a campaign ad for me.
I'm not begging.
I'm just saying anyone could have made all the whole city explode.
It's a learning process and I've learned, I'd say a lot, more than a lot of people.
Kids are still important and there's still some in the city.
I swear, grandmas aren't all dead.
There's a couple of living grandmas left.
And with Vice-Deadfast Leadership, we can have food again.
The food shortages will end.
Unless of course you say they won't.
So just stop being said negative.
Why be such a hater?
There's no reason to be so angry.
Don't hire her to kill me.
Say yes to Rubble.
That's what you live in now.
And that's fine.
A lot of my best friends live in Rubble.
Barney Rubble's a guy.
Remember that?
No, Barney Rubble.
He was.
I don't know, man.
It's not like the world's getting nuked.
So it could always be worse.
Don't vote for Papito.
Vote for me.
It can't get that much worse.
God, a lot of the town's exploding.
Oh my God.
Thank God Northeast Renerton, the Bastion of Safety, is basically untouched.
Okay, well let's send it down to election coverage with Hand of Squidward.
Holy shit, that's a lot of explosions.
Okay.
We only have three candidates to choose from, so let's see how it goes.
Barney.
I was flexing my, I was doing my face exercises to keep my chin strong.
I don't need reading glasses.
I just like how I look in glasses.
Anyway, it's election night.
Keep playing that trap beat from earlier.
Election night trap beat.
Alright.
Who is your next mayor?
Mayor.
Jeb.
Munch.
Or what was it, a hot dog?
Just a hot dog?
Something hot dog?
We'll just, we'll go hot dog to get it to fit onto the pole.
Wow.
These explosions are getting closer and closer to Northeast Renerton, but they would never let Northeast Renerton fall.
The Bastion of Civilization.
Thank you for hanging out, Matt.
And feel free to throw a vote in at the end.
We have an incredibly low turnout here.
Given that we still have a population of, we've lost about 200,000 citizens, but we're still 400,000 strong.
And not that much of the city exploded if you think about it.
If two thirds of it's still here.
As long as Northeast Renerton is here, it's not like we need all the industry in Southwest and
Northwest and Southeast Renerton.
Northeast Renerton can survive on its own.
We've got all the pleasure gardens. Why wouldn't we?
Hot dog running away with the election.
Absolutely crushing this pole.
Munch trailing far behind.
People cry out and they say, only a hot dog can save us, probably.
Is that true?
Almost certainly not.
Probably, probably the, look, I'm going to, I don't usually do this, but probably the most insane choice.
Like I put up with a lot of stuff as a newsman and I try to just report the facts.
But are we really going to elect a hot dog? The answer seems to be yes.
100%.
100% I can basically call it for the hot dog at this point, which is insane to say.
A hot dog sandwich, yes. Great. Great.
Is the hot dog a sandwich? Sure. I get it.
All right, I welcome our new hot dog over, Lord.
I'm proud to please stop the explosions hot dog.
I can't believe that's a word. I can't believe that's a sentence I'm even saying, but please hot dog.
Can you just stop all the explosions?
Don't blame me, you voted for the human. I'm not blaming anyone exactly, but I am about to be mayored by a hot dog.
I'm going to have to, I'm going to have to do all the things I do for the mayors, but for a hot dog.
Fine. That's fine. I'll put up with it because I'm proud to announce at this time that a hot dog is your new mayor.
While the city explodes, we've elected a hot dog.
Hot dog city rises.
Well, I hope so. I for one do wish the new hot dog mayor all the luck.
Best of luck hot dog mayor.
We send it now back to the mayor's office for some live mayoring from a hot dog.
Great.
As usual, I'm just setting up for the hot dog. Everybody give me just a sec.
Yo.
Yo.
Hot dog man.
Ready to go.
Made the order.
Blah.
Bought the blow.
Hot dog flow.
All men show.
Hot dog you know.
Hot dog, bang it.
Let's go.
My hot dog, everybody.
It's fun being a hot dog mayor.
What I'm supposed to do.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
Whoa. Look at this.
Woo.
Where's the ball? Where's the bombs at?
Bombs over hot dog.
Oh hell yeah.
Doot doot doot doot.
Bombs over hot dog.
Oh hell yeah.
I'm hungry.
You guys know hot dogs get hungry?
Blah.
He he he he he he.
Everybody chill. I'm just doing me.
I'm just doing me man.
What's going on with the city again?
This part looks fine.
Hot explosions are just like a beat dropping in your mind dude.
I'm kind of spiritual with it.
Hot dog mayor.
Am I a sandwich?
Or am I a sex symbol?
That's what's on the cover all the magazines right now.
Blah blah blah blah blah.
We need more airports?
Can do.
Airport daddy.
Airport daddy.
Woo.
There's no room cause all the fires.
Ooh the bummer.
Yeah.
All in days work.
Hmm.
Okay.
Great work everybody.
I'm gonna take a nap.
I sleep with my eyes open by the way.
This special press conference has been called by yours truly.
Oh no the people are panicking cause all your houses are on fire.
Oh geez.
Look as former mayor it's my right to call the press conference if I feel like it.
And look you guys apparently haven't been feeling me at the polls so I don't even know why I should care.
Why I should care that this whole city is burning.
To the ground.
But um, I guess if you ask real nice with your questions maybe I can be encouraged to.
Hot dog what are you doing in the audience?
Honestly.
Huh?
I'll come over here.
Hot dog what the fuck man you're supposed to be mayor in the city.
Look right off the previous administration success I see Peter.
Peter must be so myth.
What?
Man that guy got the town going.
Woo.
Are you also supposed to be what are you a reporter to?
What is it the best idea to rebuild the town out of wood?
Is the question I mean no with the whole towns burning to the ground as we speak.
It's like very on fire.
Exceedingly on fire.
He's asleep.
Are you asleep right now?
Question you suck at marrying.
Damn y'all are really settling here.
And I kind of honestly I have to kind of respect it.
I kind of respect the hustle man.
Yeah man we get each other.
What type of how to's can help this situation?
Maybe milk in the prostate.
Coming.
What?
That's my new catchphrase.
Coming.
Hey hot dog this is a question from chat.
It's not how this is supposed to work hot dog.
Whatever.
Can you first act as mayor be it a Burliz Hamtaro?
From the Rennerton Federal Reserve Penitentiary?
Done.
No that hamster causes untold havoc.
Don't you know what it's fine honestly.
I kind of like that hamster too.
Look my point of my point for coming back is just to really rub it in your faces.
That you were so that you really thought you could get away with not having me as mayor.
And look what happened.
Look what happened.
You know that's all I'm saying.
Did you see what's rubbed in our faces?
Oh great it's fucking Hamtaro.
What?
Has the town died?
What do we do?
Listen if you ask real nice Hamtaro.
I guess I could stop by the mayor's office and see what I can do.
Isn't that a hot dog there?
No the hot dog is just running around the streets going boom boom Hamtaro.
Yeah he is doing it.
You have any other questions?
Can you accept ketchup as an acceptable condiment for hot dogs Mr. Mayor?
I'm not the mayor the hot dog is the mayor.
But he seems to be into battling his job?
Well I just don't think he fundamentally understands what's happening.
Because his brain is mostly hot dog.
It's good to see that you're free.
Even if I am the one that put you in prison.
You really did.
You imprisoned the shit out of me.
Well sorry some of my friends did and I can't control everything my friends do.
There's some sandwich in there too.
His brain is partially sandwiched.
Look I'm gonna stop by the mayor's office and just see what I can help with.
See let this be a lesson that if I really want to I could be right back in this chair.
I don't even want to be mayor.
Just came to collect my things I left some keys here and I think I might need them before the entire town explodes so.
You're welcome for even giving you the image of me behind this beautiful chair.
Wait I didn't press the button.
I didn't press excuse me.
Oh son of a bitch.
God damn it.
The shadow we cabal that runs Rennerton what the fuck do you want?
You've let it go too far man.
We can't contain it anymore.
The plague has been released.
The town has been leveled.
These guys are fucking a pain in my ass.
You should have fed us enough souls we gave you immortality.
And yet you denied us the souls and now we must purge and feast.
Dave I fucking go bowling with you you don't need to talk like this.
We do still feed on souls.
Yeah but you're not as you don't need to do the voice.
All right well can you feed us some souls?
I'm not gonna feast on the blood of Hamtaro he's barely got enough blood to even do like a to fill a lunchable with.
Yeah why'd you let him out?
Elder two?
I don't know cuz the fucking people he's a hamster he did not he could have honestly walked he was in a human prison.
He could easily fit out of the bars it's a miracle he stayed in there that long.
Look man I mean the plague really is released and the town has been leveled.
The ancient spirits contained within the soil are running amok.
Well what's the worst that could happen?
I mean it could spread globally.
I've dealt with plagues before.
We got a hot dog mayor he'll fucking deal with it.
I'm just saying maybe you could contain the plague?
How am I gonna contain a plague?
I got stuff to do you know I have my own TV show now?
That twist stream?
It's a TV-ish thing it's on a screen.
Doubt-in-ass haters.
Hamtaro prefers lunchly?
He probably does if I'm being real.
He's got a lunchly vibe for sure.
Alright well look I mean honestly this guy never the fucking guy in the corner here never even talks.
What's your problem?
Nothing to say?
Nothing to say is usual.
What's that noise? Why is there more music now?
Well look I think for now Munch this is your mess to clean up.
I can't even get we can't get the hot dog.
That's on you to reign in your hot dog mayor.
To clean up every fucking mess here.
We might have to call Salazar at this rate.
Chad's requesting it.
You're doing the voice again already?
And you're still not gonna say you're not gonna say anything?
You don't want to know what I have to say Munch.
Oh Jesus Christ okay I did not know you looked like that.
Fine I will initiate the process of resurrecting the town.
But I'm gonna let them still vote on shit because I don't I'm busy and I don't need to keep doing this.
Let's fucking get down to it I guess. Goddamn.
One second this music is very epic.
Sorry I'm just setting some stuff up on my blackberry.
This tell you the blackberry?
I'm not talking to you you're supposed to be silent cultist number three.
The town is absolutely out of control if I do say so myself.
Probably did some technical snafus here.
So many sounds playing right now sorry everybody.
Who controls the British crown? Who keeps the metric system down?
Good point.
Okay.
I'm going back up I'm gonna deal with this.
I felt like I could locate that goddamn hot dog mayor.
I guess wish me luck.
Fucking good for nothing ass secret cabal maybe you should try working from once.
Anyway here I go.
Well while I was down there it seems the town was fully leveled.
That's unfortunate.
Had to update the fucking mayoring software which I hate to do.
It's a cry and shame having to unnecessarily blow the city budget by upgrading the mayoring software for the first time in 200 years.
Let's see what we're working with though.
Really? Look at this nonsense.
I don't even remember how this shit works.
Just tell me what to do.
Okay I'm starting to get it.
Do you need me?
Seems our population has been reduced to 10.
Fortunately we have gone from 600,000 citizens to 10.
I do think that's inaccurate though.
I'm a whole because I think a lot of our citizens are kind of just wandering the waste currently.
Oh more orders.
Are you sure? What?
Let's see what we got here.
I have my most loyal lieutenants and bodyguards still available to me so I will be sending them out into the wastes.
We sort of leveled the entire town by accident by the way.
And it would seem that large sections of the population might need some light re-encouraging to return to their homes.
This is what happens when you just let a hot dog and Jeb run the city.
Simply not qualified.
Alright what are you doing miss?
Straight up stringing into a hoard of our former citizens?
Okay our citizens are looking like the streets aren't entirely agreeing with them.
Okay.
Oh what you're gonna blame me?
We're doing the classic blame munch for everything I guess?
You're lucky I command time and space otherwise these my beautiful female bodyguards would all be dead.
Grab us some of this shit lady.
Okay but it's gonna cost you double.
Alright you know what let me build some stuff.
Let me do what a mayor does best.
I do- it does feel like we've been transported to Spanish Transylvania to be honest.
I gotta remember how this fucking game even works.
Sorry how this software even works.
Gonna be a little bit of a process.
Me trying to remember this.
Okay industry is alive and well here in Rennerton.
Industry of a couple tents.
Alright look at this hard-working lady.
You get us some more shit miss?
Fantastic work.
Our most loyal lieutenants out in the field doing the hard work of continuing instead fast governance.
Look I haven't been elected technically but I've declared extra judicial powers in the face of this emergency.
And I am temporarily going to sell this shit.
Demolish the Rennerton tradition.
We're fucking rich now.
I'm demolishing that property.
Okay memory serves me I need some wood.
So I'm trying to remember my survival instincts from when I founded this fucking town.
Like the goddamn founding hero that I am.
I do believe a thing you need to build the town up is in fact wood.
This is very annoying.
Even more stuff.
On the orders.
Understood.
Are there no trees anywhere?
We in a treeless apocalyptic town?
How do these fuckers attack?
Attack.
Uh oh that doesn't look good.
We need help down here.
We're already fucking getting overwhelmed.
Anybody know I get rid of this grid?
I don't even want to see this grid right now.
orders.
How does that make sense?
Commander?
Okay.
King of the Wastes.
Really I'm struggling with these controls currently.
Mostly I'm struggling because there doesn't seem to be any wood.
Also I'd love to know how to get rid of this grid.
Let me check out the controls if that's even a thing.
Option.
Controls.
Zoom in, zoom out.
Show slash hide interface.
Select army.
Categories.
Show life bars.
Repair all.
Maybe it's tab.
Flat mode.
F4. What the hell is flat mode?
Let's go flat mode.
Tab.
Oh that's not it.
Man center.
Alt shows that.
Bernie Sanders has a twitch account.
Well tell him to send some aid to Rennerton.
Because I'll be real.
You know what?
Look the town doesn't look great right now.
I feel like we need a slight morale boost.
I'm not even running for mayor right now.
We do have an election coming up but um...
For now...
Let me just hold a rally to try to improve
the morale of the people.
Who honestly are being way too depressive.
Things are looking up.
We already have three tents.
We're back to three tents.
What's everyone complaining about?
Well I know just the thing they need.
We have a powerful soaring political rally.
So let's do that real quick.
People of Rennerton.
Turnout is down a little bit.
But...
Don't worry.
We can get you some solid tents.
If I can find
some wood.
Some of you can be lumberjacks.
For too long we forgot how to work with our hands.
But you know pretty soon
people don't appreciate it.
That's true ABCP.
I didn't even ask to be mayor.
I had to forcibly insert myself
back into these born as local politics.
We're going to get to a new mayor
very shortly.
Well if you're smart you'll probably keep the same mayor.
Because
you might have noticed what happened
when you strayed
from the golden path
of munch.
But we can get back there.
I'm going to skip
the presidential wrap out of respect
for the dead guys who showed up.
Who told me that wrap's not their favorite.
So out of respect for the dead
who are here in attendance.
And I still want those zombie votes by the way.
A zombie vote
is a vote for munch.
I'm the one who allows you to exist.
I got a guy with a gun. He will shoot you.
So get that through your thick zombie skull.
Because bullets can also penetrate those thick zombie skulls.
We're going to get back on track.
No stress about it.
Figuring out the way to go.
I'm going to get back.
No stress about it.
I'm figuring out the software.
Eventually I'll probably even figure out how to get rid of this
ugly ass grid.
In fact you know what.
Let me use my blackberry real quick.
Let me google that.
Control G is how you get rid of the grid.
See I'm already making moves.
We're going to make a move back to the top baby.
600,000.
It's just a matter of time.
Stay safe as you can.
Negative amount.
Okay.
Jeez.
Confusing how this town works.
Control G. There we go.
Now I can see what I'm looking at.
We're in an area with zero trees.
I feel like that could be a problem.
But I accidentally burned down all the trees.
Did all those disasters accidentally burn down all the trees?
Where the fuck are any trees?
Order, sir.
Come on.
My order is find a couple trees please.
For the humans.
We do have money so let's build something I guess.
We need a sawmill.
I think that's like the first thing we need.
We also need food and energy.
The people are a little hungry.
They're obnoxiously hungry lately.
Eleven.
How about energy? How does energy work?
Remembering how this game works.
Sorry this software works.
Yeah how about there.
That's fine.
This is a software called
There Billions.
I named the software myself
because I know we're going to get back up to billions of citizens.
That's right.
That's what I'm calling out now.
Given enough time we will...
Oh there's a bunch of fucking trees.
Oh they were right there.
They were right in front of me the whole time.
Silly me. That's my bad Rennerton.
I didn't notice the trees directly in front of us.
But honestly I blame this software.
The software is a little confusing.
You again?
We need some lookouts
because there do seem to be some
crematin loyalists creeping around our native lands.
How do you patrol?
Patrol is P that makes sense.
Okay.
The Tadini building completed.
Actually,
I wonder if I can set up
patrols.
Laptop moves camera, standard camera.
Custom.
Yeah whatever.
It's not a bad idea.
If I update the stream tag then maybe
someone will send us
some help.
There we go.
Oh I'm still mayoring. It's still Rennerton.
It's still Rennerton damn it.
But we did update the mayoring software so
I'll at least update that.
Alright.
Progress is slow so far.
Yes!
Patrol there.
Patrol here.
Easy.
Be on the lookout.
All these fucking creepy crawlies.
Crawl here.
It's a perfect security grid.
We're unstoppable.
Okay.
Remembering how everything works is fun.
Defense? We don't need that yet.
We got brave defenders in the field.
Sawmill.
Boom.
Can I promise a meth
in every pot for the working man?
Look if we scavenge this land
thoroughly enough we're bound to find
at least a little bit of meth.
I mean there was so much of it previously.
I feel like it's only matter of time
until we encounter some meth.
Did I already lose?
Did I already lose a lady?
Shit. What am I ladies dying for?
Order.
How many ladies are there?
Oh there's one right here.
We got to work up here.
We got more areas that needs to fendig miss.
I think we're safe from
bowser attacks but he might still be out here.
Right.
Yeah.
He's a campaign donor so you know
if he shows up I will
show him a little bit of respect.
Yeah. Great.
We're just finding energy.
There's just energy lying around.
The land is still giving.
I'm just kidding.
I gotta build some shit.
Let's expand our empire.
This management software works.
I'm about to work it so good.
We need houses.
Because the people want to live here.
Rumors that our town
is no longer a tourist hot
spot have been greatly exaggerated.
We're just in a light
rebuilding phase.
Look at that. That's beautiful.
Okay.
Now I've been told this mayoring
software works in a way that will inform me
when it's time for a new election.
So we'll see if that happens.
Because look, don't get it twisted.
I'm very busy.
And I'm mayoring right now pro bono.
And usually as you know
my mayor is building a house.
Alright, let's cover it up.
We've got Elgin Draco
and Alyssa Lister
and of course me also on the ballad.
So let's get down to the hard
business of politics.
Elgin Draco
Alyssa Lister
Me
and then we'll go with the top two winners of this next poll.
Alaa,
Nah I'm a mayor everybody.
Never, not unfamiliar with Miss Draco.
Unfamiliar with Alyssa.
That's a great point.
Population has already, it's already quadrupled.
Starting from 10.
Look what I've already grown it into.
And I haven't even bothered
leaving the wastes.
I'm not even at the command center.
I'm controlling this remotely
from my impregnable fortress
that is the town hall.
We got Hamtaro, Case Blackwell, Scrum,
ASMR Rocket Raccoon
and Xena Warrior Princess.
I mean if you got a half a brain in your head
you're going to want to continue
my steadfast leadership.
But it is up to the people.
And I believe in the people.
I'm very upfront about that.
Sometimes I need a little encouraging
to do the right thing.
They don't vote for me for a hundred years
and they've now been encouraged
to rectify that decision.
Look what happened.
Looks like Xena and Hamtaro are on the ballot.
Let's set it down to
Handam Squidward.
Squidward?
I don't really know how to say his name, but I don't fucking care.
Who's already standing by?
Handam? It's Election Night.
Okay.
Sorry, I was in my Halloween costume still.
It's Election Night.
And of course
your choices for mayor
are
the unknowns
Elgendraco
and
Alissa
Lister
as well as Munch
Hamtaro
and Xena Warrior Princess.
Alright democracy.
The town has never needed
powerful leadership more.
As the town
mostly
doesn't exist anymore.
Though millions of the citizens
even more citizens than I remember
looking rather male nourished
and very bitey
are actually all over the
what remains the carcasses of our previous city.
Fortunately the jewel in the crown
of Rennerton
that is of course Northeast Rennerton
some of our buildings and new stations
are still totally functional.
Honestly for me, it's been a relaxing
couple of months.
One of my former managers, Cliff
he's just wandering around outside
not going
basically sounds the same to me.
Right now it's a tight race
between Hamtaro
and Xena Warrior Princess.
Xena Warrior Princess
currently leading in the polls
but could this finally be the year of the hamster?
He's been a
contentious figure
trapped in a prison for years
only recently released.
Will are we ready to elect
a former felon
that's also
a tiny hamster?
Seems like maybe
as it's very close right now between
Xena and Hamtaro.
But Xena pulling ahead
and we even get Xena out here
into the wastes of
Rennerton? I hope so
because we need all the help we can get
just perusing right now
trying to find Xena's number because I don't know
if Xena knows that she's
running.
But with any luck
everyone loves a good lawless cameo
of you know
an incredible actress
but I think we're gonna have to get the actual Xena Warrior Princess
based on Rennerton's bylaws.
Can we find her?
I'm not sure
we have no choice but to try
as I send it back to the mayor's office
where Ralph has been cast off
into the wastes sprawling with our former
very hungry citizens
who refuse to die
in the classic Rennerton spirit
they're using faulty voting machines the voting machines are
all off
so
but a lot of people
a lot of things wandered up to the voting machine
and they jammed the part of it
where Xena's name would have been
and we counted all of those
let's send it back to the mayor's office
where Xena is hopefully standing by
sorry everybody once again I'm just trying to find
trying to set this office up for Xena
I'm a hard working tech guy
you know I don't care what happens to this town
as long as I'm the tech guy
I'm gonna make sure that this chair is ready for every new mayor
okay I think I found her let's uh
let's get her in here
Hello Rennerton
I'm ready to mayor this town
I'm ready
I'm actually you know what
I don't know if this one's gonna work
not sure this one's still actually
okay
can you fix my chair
okay decided that maybe that one's not safe
not safe for work
on closer inspection
better to err on the side of caution when uh
setting up the chair for your mayor
okay we're gonna go with this one just so that there's less
she's even have an objection
but maybe she'll be fine with this one
it's me
I like this dress more
Xena warrior princess
it's good to see everyone
here to restore a little dignity to the office
I wore my best ball gown
even though I'm a warrior princess
I'm still a princess
sometimes I dress like this
Xena warrior princess
she's magical
she's so magical
guys remember that's uh that was my tape swing
I lost my circular
I lost my circular
throwing blades also by the way
if anybody finds those laying around
I am a guest of this town
but I plan to mayor it
back to solvency
back to solvency
business is down negative 8000
percent population down
hundreds of percent
also up though
the billions but a lot of the billions of citizens
are not participating in the civic process
so
let's give this a shot
I'll be your guest
be your guest
Xena warrior princess to the death
alright there
we need more housing
I get that
I also need more stuff to build houses
the building is blocking free access
to another building
oh I see how this works
need to make more of a grid
energy for everyone
I don't have enough power
we need more power
mails but I need more wood
I'm so complicated
who knew reestablishing society
was so complicated
how much wood do I have
only 14 wood
alright well once we have this huge population
I can get it all done
my warriors in the field are doing their job
keeping the citizens safe
excellent work
excellent work fellow princesses
yes
is that all
so boring
yeah great idea
maybe we can find more shit out here
sounds interesting
30 wood I can have as much as a board
more energy
oh shit run away
oh no now control there
this princesses who is banned every time
okay
this town seems like it's gonna be fine
orcules would be better
because he's a man
did you even see my show
it was largely about specifically this point of tension
I can get this thing
okay go for it baby
get in there
oh no she made it
okay now
we might need a little help for you
look I can sell this now
right
am I not
oh there's enemies nearby
okay I get it now
anyway I can finally build power for the city
no Kevin's ever star above
we've had some disagreements over the years
unfortunately
I used to consider Kevin a close friend
but then he was like
annoying and catering one day
I was like
never mind you're not my friend anymore
oh we need more help down here
it's looking a little scary
oh
oh shoot
not dying
do a better job of surviving
oh my god
look at all these workers I already have
holy hell we need more people down here
uh oh
I'm gonna go back to the city
I'm gonna go back to the city
uh oh
just pike them around
surely we can handle this are couple zombies
I know that that's an offensive term to son of our
citizenry but um
you do keep eating people
there's a good chance they're gonna start crawling you zombies if you don't stop
eating each other
should probably wear these hot keys
I think I'm hot enough without these keys
ooh
I think I'm gonna do it
I kept them all alive
yeah I got rekt
okay
back to work
rave defenders
boy this is a more intense management software
I have to say
I'm kinda used to the poly princess game boy
advance management software
I prefer that
oh
I'm gonna go back to the city
I prefer that
a little extra
that's not cause that's a girl thing
a glory
yeah
well look how much stuff it's gonna get
I'm sure it won't aggravate this horde of undead
citizens
that there's a loud glory next to them
we got princesses to handle all this stuff anyway
we're already up to 66 citizens
that's only
you know multiply that by 10,000
and we're back up to
building completed
classic returnt numbers
what do we need
food oh people need food
that's a plumber
building completed
what counts as food
mission counts as food that's good news
hunting counts as food
progress
it's a shame that Kevin Sorbott turned out to be such a crappy person
hey this show was honestly kinda fun
that's sometimes the things you like
and stuff
staffed by people that are awful
that's just the way the world works
there's ain't no other here princess
okay
we'll try to get us to the next election
and then I think I'm gonna call it
the city will be fine if I just take a nap
some people say it's an exaggeration that I'm calling it a city
because we only have you know
a couple
I'm less than 100 citizens
I say let me cook
we're gonna get more
fine
how much food I mean we got hunters now
what the hunters work
it's not really pretty
building completed
okay
building completed
maybe it's time to explore
I need some stone
we need more glories
there's not enough glories
we need more windows
or
of everything
uh oh where
no this could be it
oh boy this is not good
this is definitely not good
dang it we needed those fishermen
commander
what were you guys doing
how'd you let that guy through
control harder
repair that
frostbunk
it has been getting cold lately
I've noticed it's been getting
colder lately
okay um
another quarry is what we need
more stone
what here
we finally found here right
how many zombies could there be out there
I can't eat that many
we'll just change this patrol route
to include that area
we do have some blind spots right now
okay
let's do this
alright
uh oh
there
oh that's not good
good dvn
we can polish this
we'll chuck over
we're gonna have to restart better
we're gonna have to do this again
you are gonna pay me for this right
great
oh yeah that's uh that's probably the end of this
probably is a decent stopping point
just tell me what to do
yeah see
whoopsie daisy
oh look maybe they're gonna solve it
oh yeah that was nothing
commander
what do you want now
this ranger is getting a dock
we can pay for sure
now since we're going to start exploring
military options for resettling the land
oh we do
we are rich
in stone
okay we're honestly kind of doing alright
we really need defenses
but I don't have any
can we make a wall
build a wall
I'm gonna be the first mayor to successfully build the crimson wall
I gotta learn some hotkeys
I do not know any right now
build a wall
build a wall
let's being attacked again
right at the heart of the city
how do they even do it
man you're useless
our main building
all the way
of course my commander
if I had the option to fire you I would
but actually we are
we're devastatingly low on defenses and soldiers
so I guess I technically can
but just knowing the future
I'm gonna send people into the waste to die
if they just behave like that
don't worry your princess I don't fuck around
attention building completed
building completed
I don't care
there's a lot of zombies right there
okay and I can
start building walls
build a bunch of walls
build a bunch of walls
we're doing it we'll never get through there
build even more walls
endless walls for everyone
proud of wood
god damn it
and redderton looking beautiful
we've returned to a more
we're in harmony with the natural world
that's all that's happened
we've gone green
everybody was all for it until we did it
we returned to nature
it's beautiful
the citizens are pouring in
you say refugee
I say
you voter
we are trying to break through
what's why we have walls
for exactly this occasion
good luck
attention building completed
attention building completed
it's better than good
conscious thinking
those walls are working
alright what else do we need
oh soldiers yeah
start fucking building an army
an army
and back in just because he
claims to know about wood
look how much wood zena warrior princess is using
we're out of food
how much do these people eat
so
it's ridiculous
they're being greedy
this guy is the worst
soldiers are being lazy
I'm the first anti-military mayor
and then I'm constantly
annoyed with my military
hmm
a shing
we have a vibrant fishing industry
attention
building completed
I'm making tons of soldiers
that are ready to start
waging war on the enemy
the enemy being citizens that refuse
to return to their homes
citizen return to your home where you will be
fired upon this is your only warning
alright they're not listening
they're walking but I can tell
they're walking in a way where they're not walking back home
as their homes are like
in the other direction
there's a mandatory curfew
and these citizens are ignoring it
and curfews are serious business
what
are you sure
you are gonna pay me for this right
what
task force princess initiates
gotcha
my bow and arrows are ready
are you sure
you again
oh more warrants
what do you want now
the ablet monsters destroyed the city
yeah never forget that
you ever want to vote for Jeb
remember he is the reason
you live in tents
you fear
the throngs of
negligent renterton citizens
that refuse to follow the law
that are wandering around all over the place
being weird
have you ever tried this before
my political opponents are weird
okay
it's all I'm saying is that they're being weird
these citizens
they're acting weird
seris worm is mostly under use on SNL
honestly ever since the renterton apocalypse
happened people are watching way more SNL
and renterton
SNL views are way up in renterton
attention building completed
look at these hardworking ladies
let me put narrow in the head
alright ladies don't get swallowed up by the undead
I'm proud
I hope we're not wasting my time
yeah gotcha
attention building completed
there we go
this town needs an edema
I'm pro edema
when we find an edema in the way
we'll provide one of the people
great ladies great work
we've got a strong insurgent
surgeon force here
ready to clear the way to whatever this is
expansions
citizenry expanding
at an alarming rate
oh shit
cancel cancel
oh where's the soldier please
shit uh oh
he might have killed us all
oh shoot I might have killed us all
oh dang it
dang it everybody
sorry about that
I could kill us all
this is good
shoot
sorry about that
citizens
it does look like we're gonna have to restart
let's think of all the progress we made
there's no need to call for a new mayor
just because you're all currently being
slaughtered by
honestly I'm gonna call
I'm just gonna say
misbehaving citizens
are currently slaughtered by
some of the other citizens
that's true
everyone
a brief progress we made
at reestablishing Rennerton seems to be
undone
as the few hundred citizens we have
have joined the ranks
of what I call the loiterers
the loiterers being extremely rude
and refusing to return home
unfortunately when that happens
we do call for an immediate mayoral
election an emergency election
on behalf of the town
once again being destroyed
but we'll do we'll take care of that
the next time we come back to
Rennerton
I still have faith in this town
don't let
the corpses of your family
that are still walking around
dissuade you from moving here
we still have a thriving tourism industry
lots of insane
adventuring types
have been honestly moving here in droves
saying finally I can kill
without punishment
well that's true here in Rennerton
lots of us don't seem to be human anymore
and our fair game
the extreme loiterers
that's all the time we're gonna have for today
wish us luck
I was told that this new studio
is impregnable
but I've been hearing some pretty strange
noises at the door
and every day there's less of us
in here
okay let's see who else is on
just cause our town has been destroyed
and
the rampaging loiterers
are coming for us all
doesn't mean
I can't raid someone
let's send you the way
of spinachi
it's a send help raid
in case she
feels like informing
the outside world of our situation
for some reason all the fires
and explosions went off it
created a closed circuit television system
here in Rennerton and I can't even tell
if the rest of the world still exists
oh
I think it'll be alright
we're out of meth? that's impossible
we had such huge reserves
we do seem to be entering a crisis mode
as Rennerton potentially
based on some reporting has entirely run out of meth
well say hi to spinachi for me
who knows when we'll return to Rennerton again
but maybe next week
or maybe we'll do this on fridays or something
it's sort of fun
alright everyone have a great weekend
wish me luck
I do have to venture out
to make sure my car isn't double parked soon
and the car seems to be
surrounded by very hungry loiterers
Godspeed
and goodnight
and go home
if you're wandering around biting people
you're being rude
alright bye everybody
do do do do do do do
why do you look so hungry Jennifer
there's a lot of people
who look so hungry Jennifer
there's plenty of food
in our news reserves
so stop looking at me with those hungry eyes
honestly you have lost a lot of weight
congratulations