I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm a man that's written to me like a Murdoch. Opposite of murder this right a bitch I might not. Mental fog not even ever even had a thought. Paintings that I have up, want that shit it's all stuck.
Oh face not even just another fake letter. All I write is bad shit. Other people's writings better. It's true.
Never written my picture of a single ever written before. A woman before I've never written single text for stuff and I don't write legend.
A wall space with no end. A shifting hole with bending ground. A cosmic cotton blend.
With axe on my back for monsters to be a slew. The endless track we fought and fought but at a loss we left.
A gypsum drunk the wall. Where lies the pain?
5, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 let's do this.
I'm Pepito.
Whoa. We're doing a how to today. Hello everybody. Good to see you all.
It's Monday. Apple, Apple, Greg, TU, Genro, Cycror, Propaganda, Kendall's here.
Not being split by reality. Lady Citrix, Ray Silva, Commander Gabb, Mighty Oz, my own bot.
Kendall, you had something you wanted to ask? Yes. Kendall. Yes, my focus group of content.
Kendall says she needs you guys to tell her what the caption. No, the text on screen.
Can I show them this? What should the text on screen be for this video she needs to post about a, not a Halloween Horror Nights, about a dark harbor event that she had invited to? There we go.
Every night, at dinner, I'll be there. Every birthday party. I'll be there. Every Christmas. I'll be there. Every night.
That's the video. That's the video, everybody. Oh God, she's been split in two.
That's the video. So she's being followed around by all the scare actors.
Is a video. Is the video. Is and is the.
Okay, wait, wait, wait. I gotta finish setting everything up. All right.
We are also talking to Jeffrey Dahmer about Kendall's new TikTok.
Give into the dark Chowder. I like that personally.
I think we're too focused on captions that like make sense.
Legitimately. Friends with freaks.
Getting shadowed. I don't know. Shadow the hedgehog.
Shadow the scare actor. Give into the dark Chowder is a winner.
That might be the best you can. That might be the best you got, Kendall.
Give into the dark Chowder. Never ever come here.
I'll figure it out.
Chat you failed Kendall's test of being helpful.
Get fixed guys.
I, well, wait, what's like a stock one that you would consider using?
You're not paranoid. They're actually following you. You're not paranoid. They know where you live.
It's right behind you.
Go to dark Harbor. They said it would be fun. They said that's a pretty old school.
Go to dark Harbor. They said it'd be fun. They said is an option apparently.
Yeah, or just like so they said like getting stocked.
Insert text here.
Scare actors were like stalker actors.
Getting stocked at dark Harbor.
That's probably is that is this supposed to be kind of promotional though for them?
Maybe then getting something.
Followed it follows.
We'll steal your heart.
Literally I went to dark Harbor and all I got were soiled pants.
Your soul can never leave the hitchhikers.
The ghosts will follow you home.
Freaks following freaks is pretty good.
Lady side tricks.
You got all the tricks as usual.
Sweet Caroline.
I like that.
My favorite is the dark Chowder.
Give in to the dark Chowder.
When you sing sweet Caroline.
You say ah ah ah.
Or do you I think I have a B.
I think I do a B.
I think most people do a B.
He's got a vibe out with whatever drunk crowd you're with.
That's yelling this song.
Dark Chowder is deep discord lore.
Or screams ah ah ah.
Sweet Caroline.
I think it's pop pop pop.
That's a TikTok sound.
That's pretty good.
Wait is that a TikTok sound?
Maybe we make one.
Make a TikTok sound.
Horror nights.
So like maybe you and I fake some screams at horror nights.
We go sweet Caroline.
And then you and I every once in a while we'll scream those things in different houses.
And then I'll edit them.
Oh that's good.
Greg T. Thank you for the ride.
What will you catch in the dark harbor?
STDs.
Definitely seems like an STD thing.
Yeah yeah yeah.
I'm down to do whatever.
I will be conscripted into the contents.
I wonder if that's already a TikTok sound.
That's pretty good.
Sweet Caroline ah ah ah.
I'm not screaming.
I don't know.
I'm not up enough.
On the TikTok trends.
Okay thanks guys.
Thanks guys.
We got there.
As usual we didn't give her what she wanted.
But we gave her something else.
I think it's more important to expand the content than to hone in on her specific needs.
Okay.
You also give Caroline a cheat.
You guys should start charging.
Just um...
Send her a Venmo request.
Even Kevin gives out a gift card?
Well Kevin's up to... Kevin does everything now.
Kevin is now a multifaceted large language model.
That's how I think of Kevin personally.
I think the man is dissolved into Sora 2.
Does real Kevin even exist?
And does it matter?
Does it even matter anymore?
Let's see if there's any more slop actually.
Let's do a little slop check in.
At the top of the stream.
An unprompted slop check in.
Well prompted.
Unprompted by me. Slop check in.
Mmmmm.
Oh I bet there's more slop.
Oh yeah. Oh god.
Oh god I wasn't ready for how much slop there is.
There's infinite slop.
There's infinite slop that's been pouring in constantly.
I'm willing to bet that it's still largely Kevin vaping.
If I had to guess.
Let's see.
This is fiend.
A little black box full of patches that tell your brain it needs more nicotine.
You slap one on and every rip off your vape feels like the first time.
From the same crew that gave us dark chowder.
Peel it, stick it, eight seconds later you're thinking about hitting harder.
Oh yeah. It's already buzzing.
Yep. That's pretty vape related.
This also looks like it's probably gonna be vaping.
It's the dark caverns by nightfall.
Only there can we find the source of the dark chowder.
Aye. Let's not linger. Whatever it is it's waiting.
West path drops soon. We'll make time.
Ooh. His eyes are glowing with the power of the dark chowder.
Can I find any- has anyone posted anything that isn't kev- oh my god.
I guess someone has posted something that's not Kevin.
Huh?
Where'd that go?
Aw crap. Y'all actual animals?
Obviously.
Okay. Future's looking brighter.
Oh no. There's Pepito on here now?
Oh.
You're a resident cheese gobbler and I've got news spicier than jalapeno gulla.
The wildest loudest spinniest Beyblade blowout hits the arena tonight on Barely In Form News.
8 p.m. Eastern live on-
Holy shit. What's even happening?
Why are there so many of these?
Yo yo. It's your boy Pepito. The cheese chomp in canine and I've got breaking spin-credible news tonight.
Only on Barely In Form News. We're unleashing the most ridiculous slap until you cry.
Beyblade tournament ever. Spark screaming and maybe a little cheddar. 9 p.m. Eastern 6 p.m. Pacific.
Oh, there's still a little cheddar in there, don't worry.
If you were worried that this wasn't still cheddar related, don't worry.
The cheddar versus still going strong.
Wow. And look at Kasim here.
An attempt at Kasim despite him not being on the platform.
What's up spin fam? I'm Kasim and this is the custom fidget you've been waiting for.
Hand-finished titanium, tuned to perfection and built to shine.
I drop new designs every week but they sell out fast.
Looks exactly like him.
Congratulations. It's alive and sleazy for nailing the look of Kasim there.
Wow.
What the hell is this one? Is this another Kevin one?
Each sold separately from Gal-
Oh by Galube.
Okay, well anyway.
That's your AI slop check-in before we get into whatever we're talking about today.
I've seen a fair amount of outrage online over all of the AI slop that's pouring in.
There's a... of course, if you guys haven't seen this one video, it's kind of taken over the internet.
Let's see if I can find it.
I definitely have access to Sora 2 but I just have not been opening the app because it kind of gives me nightmares whenever I do.
Let's see what's going on here.
Look at this big building on that chair he's locked in.
Big pump coming up the wall.
Launching 420 tons of spin-a-tips.
He can't find the landing.
Absolute shit.
Big pump coming up the wall.
Big pump coming up the wall.
So look, some people obviously are making good use of this technology.
In my opinion it's that guy and only our Discord are making decent use of the technology so far.
I've lost track of what's real from all the Sora videos.
Well, you know, if it's a...
If it's Tupac and Biggie walking into a WWE arena, it's real.
But if it's Kevin, then it's Sora.
How does Pepito feel about people stealing his likeness?
I know, that was me. That was me doing that. I made some promos.
Pepito, you had a huge long neck. It said Sora all over it.
I don't get how it works, but I recorded those.
I got my job to edit everything. Somebody else did it.
I was just trying to promote the stuff.
But you did it after the stream.
I recorded them before you did the thing with them.
Where you were eating soup or whatever.
We played Beyblade?
Yeah. The other thing where you were doing finger paints or whatever.
It was... yeah, okay. Obviously this is what it was before.
See? You just didn't see it till now.
Not everything operates on your limited timeline, okay?
Some of us actually keep to a schedule.
What?
Have you seen the alligator that almost ate a baby AI video?
Okay.
I'll bite alligator baby AI video.
Spot AI vs. Real Videos.
This is a challenge. This is being presented as a challenge in this particular context on Instagram at least.
Is this the video?
Okay, this is the most annoying.
This is too annoying.
Oh, is it more graphic than that in the wide?
Okay, I guess I have to go back to Twitter and just search alligator baby.
Yeah, but I think it's blocking the baby part.
Definitely Twitter is pretty flush with Sora videos now.
I do wonder though how popular it will be like for general...
Okay, here it is. I wonder how popular this app is going to be with the general public.
It seems like based on the UI, the move that open AI is making is to try and make their own like AI TikTok.
I just don't know. I don't know if that's...
I don't know if that's something most people want.
Maybe I'm being too optimistic about the consumption habits of our global mass media, social media.
But even though I like the slop that is being made for our particular discord,
it just seems like you can only see like Stephen Hawking hit a half pipe or whatever.
Abraham Lincoln talked about how he's headed to a play so many times before you kind of get it.
But I might be being extremely short-sighted.
So that's just AI I guess. It is kind of odd how it just sort of...
It just sort of hisses at them.
Would a kid not...
Seems like even your most brain-rodded kid would know to kind of get away.
You got to follow people for the good videos.
The general masses will use technology wrong as always.
Yeah, I guess I just mean even as like a...
I'm sure occasionally funny stuff will just pop up assuming they don't slap this stuff down with a million copyright lawsuits in the next week.
There will be all sorts of occasionally funny mashups of stuff that pop up using like Sora-like technology.
But outside of being generally amused at how many vape videos you guys are making, I don't know.
Even having access to it, I'm like, I'm good.
We need a little Tommy Bigelon this.
You haven't seen Abe blow clouds with a crocodile yet.
Well, hey, like I said, I have access to Sora too.
So I haven't made a post yet.
So I think you just gave me the perfect thing to... Jesus.
This is the thing about this website.
It is just so...
If you touch anything...
You just won.
Then it immediately starts playing.
So I know it's... I think it's designed more to be used on a cell phone.
I think that's more the play they're making.
But it has a website.
Ugh, it's just so annoying.
Even to get to your little bar down here to type something in.
It just feels kind of chaotic and insane.
Um...
Okay.
Abraham Lincoln blows clouds...
blows vape clouds with a crocodile.
Um...
Talks about how sick...
What was it? Dark Chowder?
Dark Chowder vape rips are.
And we'll just set it off on that.
It's been blasted out into the universe.
We've just...
Drained a small pond.
And we'll see what the results are.
I'm excited for my first Sora 2.
To get in there.
To show me the future.
Set it and forget it. There you go.
Whoa, is this another one just popped up as I was talking?
This will be my last check-in with the AI Slop train for the day.
But it seems that the hype train might have also joined.
The hype train is already basically BrainRot Slop.
So by combining with AI, who knows what it can accomplish.
Ah, the boys! Case Blackwell is online!
You heard me live right now!
Cha-choo-choo-choo-chooo!
Cha-choo-choo-choo-choo-chooo!
I guess it is!
Do you need AI for that?
Can you just record your mouth and composite?
I guess that's more work than typing.
That is more work than typing.
Fuck the birds and frogs, let's get that photo.
You know, it's going fairly fast.
It looks like it's close to done already
Okay, well wait we'll wait before we get into the news for this thing to finish did hype train always sounds so sexy
Yeah, that's how he sounds. No, he's usually a lot deeper than that. I
Kind of hear him really high up. I thought dogs hear everybody down low
My ears are really good. So to me your voice sounds really high pitched
Well, your voice sounds pretty high-pitched to me. Yeah, cuz I'm a little dog
But my to me you son even higher than me. Well, my voice is lower than yours not to me
I got really good hearing so I can hear the little baby
Teenager in your voice
I can hear straight through your adult vocal cords to the little baby guy in there
I'm an adult guy. No, no, no your voice is a baby guy voice
I've got a normal adult voice. Nope tiny baby voice is what your voice really is
I hear the actual voices people. That's one of my powers
What does Chet sound like?
I can't use the word
Okay, I'm just not gonna follow up on that
Sounds like
Sounds like Abraham Lincoln is ready to let us know how the vape tastes. Okay, here we go pretty fast
It was pretty fast
That's a dense pole dark chowder's got a kind of smoky salt to it makes my mouth feel like a midnight harbor
Yeah, it's heavy but smooth like fog rolling off a
That's a dense pole. Okay. Yeah, it's got a kind of smoky salt to it makes my mouth feel like a midnight harbor
Yeah, it's smooth like fog rolling off a
that's
That's what we asked for I
Kind of do like the guitar the not the guitar the alligator design
Sort of got a dinosaurs vibe to it, but you know an AI slot version of it I
Don't understand the the I guess maybe you have to put in like frenetic montage
It feels like a lot of the Kevin videos have a lot of cuts to them
Which I kind of appreciate and he's sort of talking the whole time
Exclamation point slap we've we've joined the slop army. I do think I will only be generating
Vape videos if I do generate videos, so
That's my contribution
Pupido, how do you rate that?
Eligators got bad attitude 7.5 that's pretty high actually for vape. That's the way to do it
Yeah, it'll be that and like um
Can you generate like?
Political figures saying slanderous things. I'm guessing they're probably clamping down on that
I also as I think I mentioned this on the
On the patreon, but I tried I tried to when you get the app they're like give us your face
Give Sora access to your face permanently. It's like well
Maybe there's some option to like not share my face publicly or like
Hopefully I'm not signing over my likeness rights to Sora permanently
So anyway, I tried to do the thing in the app and it said all I did was what it said
It was like read some numbers and look left and right and then I immediately got a warning that my that the video was did not comply with their
content limitations I
Was in violation of their terms and services for uploading a video of myself
So I'm not quite sure why that is but you know why
What so what did I do?
We don't need this they're like we don't need this
It can't because I look like JD Vance were you wearing a JD Vance mask? No, it was my face
So you were wearing a JD Vance mask
Because I look like JD
Maybe I look like a different celebrity
maybe I look like um
Maybe I look like Chris Hemsworth had the same accident as
As
Jeb and fell down a well and smashed his face and they put it back together wrong
So you don't look like Chris Hemsworth. I could look like a different celebrity is all I'm saying
I'm just gonna lose weight until my face is so gaunt that I look like at least zombie JD Vance
That's what I need to go for
Am I sure that's the real Jeb? I mean
He's got the same direct deposit info. So he must be the same guy
Oh
Well, let's get into the news
Enough slop. Let's get into the slop. That's actually happening in the world the real slop aka world events. It's news time
Don't worry everyone
The water is safe today. It's a good temperature. It's not a Rick temperature. It's a ripple temperature
What's a ripple temperature? It's the temperature at which water ripples the best and I'm Jeff ripple
Good to see you all
Okay, so I guess we're talking about pleasant stuff then no, I'd say we are still going to talk about
Israel
That's what we're still going for today. Oh, okay
But just not the not the Rick version of that
But that is sort of you know, that's that's still in the news
Guys case people are still talking about this
You're saying it like it's tired news
I'm not saying it's tired news
I'm just saying we're still talking because it is still happening still an active
Daily slaughter I take it back. Can we talk about something else? Well
supposedly there's the potential for peace talks although
The person encouraging them might be Donald Trump. So I don't know how seriously
We can take any of that but I guess it's at least worth checking in with
No one actually doing anything just talking well
Israel is still
killing people daily
So stuff is still happening just not
They're not doing any peace currently
Unfortunately, I think he said cheese talks did Trump accidentally say peace talks when he meant cheese talks
Well, I haven't really looked at his truth social
posts about this
But I heard that he was
Saying he's saying things about the need
For an something that's very specific case. That's that's helpful. Well, I just I got he just says so much shit
I don't who knows you could be saying like demand peace right when we got to wrap it up
Or he could be like no, we got a bomb and more it could change any it could change literally from sentence to sentence. So I
Don't think we should get too excited, but let's find out what what at least is supposedly he's saying okay
That's us. That's a low bar to clear. We should hopefully be able to do that
Let me really think pull up a thing. This is how you do the news is you pull it up?
God, why is it so hard to find a good photo nowadays?
Here look this isn't really
This isn't the most contemporary photo, but it technically is related
To what this is a photo from the 90s job, that's the best I could find on short notice, okay
That is technically a peace talk between
Israel and and Palestine. So let's just go with this
Seems inappropriate Jeff, but I have very low standards. So I guess it's it's fine. Exactly
We're fine. Why does this never work anymore?
Hello? Oh
God we broke it everybody calm down
Okay, we're back. We're back to that working both of these men are dead. I guess I could find a different photo
I mean you should probably just just find it just find a photo of just type type in peace
Just pull up a photo of the peace sign, okay?
There you go
Look Jeff I did it for you
Look at this beautiful
for your story
This doesn't feel right either
You know I feel like in a hundred years this kid is just as easily be a symbol for some kind of fascist regime
You know like certain other symbols that used to mean peace now. This is the classic peace sign
It'll be this way forever. Okay. Anyway back to the news
Uh
Here's what happened today as Israel and Hamas begin indirect Gaza talks in Egypt
Boy, this is already
Just feels like what's been going on for months, but hopefully it's some movement
Indirect talks on ending Israel's war on Gaza have started in Egypt
But few details have emerged Israeli attacks on Gaza continued across the enclave with at least 10 Palestinians including aid seekers
Killed since dawn at least 104 people have been killed boy. This is difficult to read
Yep, it's a lot of
Just listing deaths by the hundreds and dozens at least 104 people have been killed in Gaza by Israeli forces since Friday
The day US President Donald Trump called on Israel to halt its bombing campaign. So not sure how effective
His truths have been well, he might have it said it out loud
It's not always just truth. Sometimes he also rambles at like a camera on a plane
So it could have come from any number of his favorite outlets
Israel's deported 171 global Samud flotilla activists including Greta Thunberg Thunberg
Thunberg I should really know that by now and I still say it both ways
Lawyers say detainees from the Gaza bout aid flotilla were mistreated and denied basic rights while in Israeli custody
President Trump said he believes there will be Gaza a Gaza deal soon adding tremendous progress on ending the devastating two-year war has been made
What progress is that exactly?
He said even more he said for there to be progress and
That's tremendous in his book. He does think of himself
Whenever he says something as being tremendous
Okay, yeah, then that that adds up in the occupied West Bank Israeli settlers assaulted peace activists and uprooted
120 Palestinian owned olive trees near Ramallah
That's a different form of progress. I'm not saying it's positive, but
Things still happening it's pronounced
Thunberg
That's how you spell it Greg to you
No, he's saying it Greg to you is saying it right Greta cornboard. It's actually corkboard. It's a
It's a Polish name. I don't think she's Polish
I'm gonna look this up
How to pronounce
Greta
Thunberg
He's a tremendous asset. Don't say that about case that I think they're saying it about Trump or
Maybe nothing Yahoo. You don't know that
Thun
Greta Thunberg
This is how AI says to say it
Well, and I think we should go with that. Yeah, let's go with whatever the AI overview says
From Google. It's never steered me wrong even once
Greta Thunberg is pronounced Greta Thunberg
the TH in
Thunberg is pronounced like a T
So you're saying it's super wrong and
Like a T the U is pronounced like a O in moon and the E is like the E in bed
Wait
Huh?
This is such a confusing way to describe it AI. Is this lady gonna tell us?
Is there no say beyond board say beyond Bari don't say
Say Greta Thunberg and don't say great a Thunberg
Is that right? I feel like she'd know
It's Swedish I guess Greta Thun town
She's been through a lot and I feel like we're putting through even more her through even more by trying to pronounce her name
So she's never gonna watch this so we're safe
This is a public service everybody's saying her name wrong or just you I've barely said it
Let's ask the hate sock no
I'm putting my foot down
We're trying to talk about the important world events of the day. We can't be checking in with a sock all the time
Well, that's the hate sock in a minute because we have to go to an expert anyway
How dare you case? It's Greta Thunberg. I gotta hear it again, but she feels like she's saying Barry
Say Greta Thunberg and don't
Is that right? That means the AI was wrong if this lady is right
But she is a Swedish lady
Greta because they're saying I should say like Greta Thunberg
I mispronounced Greta just to even it out. Thank you Greta
Pretty sure if you say sock, it's like a certain other word that I'm not being tricked into saying today
She's a wild thornberry. Is she a thornberry?
The point is that she was mistreated
I'll try to do I'll try to expand aid deliveries to Gaza
With the humanitarian Gaza aid flotilla, which was
Stopped last week somewhat unsurprisingly
More surprisingly they seem like maybe they actively
Like fucked with her in ways they didn't before
But she's back on
non-Israeli slash Palestinian ground
And I guess she had something to say
Got she got greeted by some adoring crowds
A genocide complicity
Applying real pressure
And ending arms transfers
Our international systems are betraying Palestinians
They're not even able to prevent the worst war crimes from happening
How humans can be so evil
It's hard to do
It's hard to disagree
Uh, yeah, I don't think you have to disagree
I know
There's a tendency from some people to think of her as like a try hard
Uh
Media darling activist
I don't think it matters
If she
Like as soon as you get into like the justifications for people doing, um
Like acts of charity and protest
I don't know. I don't know if I necessarily care
I think she probably means as about as well as you can and she's legitimately putting herself at risk by doing
stuff like this
so like
Any podcast bros out there being like
opposing for selfies when she's the the selfie flotilla
it's like
Go sail into uh go sail towards Gaza
And and just let me know how that makes you feel like it is a legitimately
Um brave act to do something like that
And to your point currently working. I think thousands more of her would only be a positive thing
I mean
I don't know I the problem is when you think of like try to think of what you could actively do
And by actively I like donate great spread awareness great
But like putting your actual body on the line to try to affect positive change in a peaceful way
I think the flotilla is is a decent idea
It's unfortunate that I can't imagine it ending in ways other than the ways it's currently ended where because you're just sailing into an area
controlled by the Israeli military
so
They have like the force necessary to completely dictate what happens
They have enough of a pr sense that they haven't like
actively murdered
Uh anyone on the on the flotillas that have like famous people on board. Um, so like these
Uh, Greta Thunberg
flotillas have they at least haven't
As far as I know murdered any of those
activists that were aboard those flotillas and it seems like they're all
back outside of Israel now
but
I don't know. I kind of wish these things would keep happening part of me wonders what would happen if you like um
I mean god this this is just me
wish casting like celebrities to do this
But if you could get even more celebrities on these boats as stupid as that sounds
And just keep doing it. I wonder if that would possibly have
And the thing is they're just still gonna stop them put you in holding and ship you away
So I don't know but it they do seem to get media attention
Maybe you had like ishow speed live streaming on a flotilla if you could if you could keep the single signal going the whole time
Then maybe they'd have to be incredibly cautious and how they like dealt with it
The only issue the only thing I could think to do that they aren't aren't currently doing on these flotillas is
Like have a unbroken feed of the street of like what's happening the whole time from as many angles as possible
I don't know if you can do that though
From the middle of the ocean and even if you could I feel like
A military like the Israeli Israeli military could probably block satellite signals. I'm not sure
It sounds like a job for george cloney. I'm just saying if you're a celebrity who cares about this
I mean granted they would legitimately I think anybody who sells a new and active warzone is actually putting their
Their life at pretty substantial risk, so
Kevin Hart from casa. I'm in support of it personally
If we're gonna have celebrity activists great
Get on the flotilla and go over there. I mean, uh, you know
If I had the poll
To do it myself, I think I would be down to go do something like that
But it's easy for me to say because I do not have the poll to make something like that happen
And if I was on board that flotilla, I don't think it would make much of a difference
But if I had a bigger following it might
Kevin Hart's too busy in Saudi Arabia. We just have to hit his price his ask his asking price
So if we can just get together two million dollars, maybe that's the trick we do the um,
international waters on the way to Gaza comedy festival
And we just pay all these comedic comedians somewhere between 300 000 and two million dollars
I have g4 poll
There's a chance I could like get a proposal together for
Streamers to do it, but I got it's just such a heat. It's such an insane ask to be like
I've got a plan
I've got the ultimate oceans 11 style heist
a son piker I show speed
aboard the uss
Case blackwell's bad idea
But it's you know, I get that's why I'm impressed that these flotillas are a thing that's actually happening is I don't think it's easy to organize
do it
I might be worth I mean honestly it might not be the worst idea to attempt something like that get Sora to do it
harm until harm Israel
Israel is the only one who never stopped
harm Israel's bottom line
Yeah, all of these things are I feel like being attempted
Report is on twitch in case you don't know I usually watch it at lunch. Oh majority report majority report solid
majority report
One of the other like youtube news shows I'm familiar with breaking points
um
others
We can pull this off y'all new sub goal
Democracy now democracy now is the one I actually watch every morning. I should have been able to think of that immediately
Anyway, my point is I'm impressed that they continue to do these flotillas. I do think it's a positive thing
I think everyone on board is putting themselves at substantial risk
um
And I hope there's more people willing to do stuff like this
It's the kind of thing I would happily be involved in though. I don't know if my particular services would be of any use
Protesters throw up the supply chain
for the armaments going to Israel
I know that there's been some movement on like
Starbucks becoming legitimately less popular over the last year
I don't know if that has anything to do with Israel, but it's possible. I mean, I have stopped going to Starbucks entirely and part of it is
um
just general
displeasure at the way that their company is
structured and how they do things
And I know that sometimes these boycotts have some effect
I don't know if there's a clear enough effort to boycott companies remotely involved in Israel, but people are doing it
I'm suspect it's having some effect
Cut everything cbs out of your life
I mean, so many of these media companies if you want if you're gonna like boycott any company
um
Involved in Israel, which again is obviously a movement that is already happening. Uh, it's
The tendrils run
Deep and wide so you'd have to cut a lot of things out of your life, but I'm I'd encourage it
Microsoft cut off azure access to Israel
Has google done any has there been any movement on google cutting off aid to israel?
I haven't really kept up, but we watched a clip on this stream a while ago of uh that google ceo being like
Look everybody protests itself like we're gonna do we gotta do
Yeah, they really they did change the motto
Don't be evil to just evil
shrug
I already don't buy things from all these places because there aren't any here
So reach you. There's no starbucks anywhere near you. It's kind of sounds nice
Only buy really big hats super funky thunkerson. I think you're on to something
The ultimate boycott movement every company that doesn't sell really huge hats
pass
Well, that's how boycotts are supposed to work
But then every company will have to sell really huge hats and that will make the world
2 funnier until it gets old and isn't that the change we all want to see?
As I say it out loud, I realize maybe not
But there's no bad ideas in brainstorming
Is that what we're doing?
Well, I'm not really sure what we're doing, but anyway, that's the
God's is real update for the day
Yes
Respect to the aid flotilla. I'm glad they all got out of there safe
Obviously the people in Palestine continue to be about as unsafe as you can be
I
You got a route for the you got a route for these peace talks leading to something
It's really hard to imagine Israel
Stopping at this point. It seems like they're going
They're trying to take it all
and if
unless
The negotiators on the side of Palestine are willing to basically be like
We give up everything
Israel has full control of
The land and we're leaving
every every
Palestinian resident is we're fine. We'll let them all be deported. We'll just let the genocide happen unless
That's the position they're willing to come down on I
It just seems like Israel's gonna keep going and going and going
unless we can
somehow cut off their support from the United States which
No one in the government on a broad scale currently seems invested in doing so it's it's a very bleak situation
That's why I'm in support of these of things like the flotilla or any action
We could take it all because if if we could find some way to stop it as a
Floundering species it would be incredibly good for us to do that
But
Still wouldn't be enough for Netanyahu
Yeah, the leadership in Israel and the leadership in the United States seems completely invested in just not stopping
But it does seem like political pressure
Um, you would US politicians
Can sometimes have an effect if it seems like it will actually affect their bottom line like votes and staying in power
I'm hoping that this has become a big enough issue
Um that politicians feel the pressure
But so far it does seem like a lot of democrats and republicans are still kind of shrugging the issue off
Uh, I wish all countries to stop electing terrible people that would be that's the biggest political movement of all
Can we stop electing
complete
Moronic sociopaths to positions of absolute power that's been the challenge for humans for
You know, I guess all of recorded history and we've been failing pretty consistently. I'd say
For as long as we've been um
Covering our bodies and like furs and stuff
That was a big move though when we started covering up our nasty bits with clothes
Mm-hmm, but we've still haven't figured out how to the stop being ruled by like the worst among us
But maybe someday
It requires good people running for politics first. That's the hard to ask was jimmy carter sociopath
Well, I would just say the office and uh position of leadership of any
Giant globe-spanning empire requires you to make sociopathic decisions
So honestly whether or not the individual in charge of sociopath or not the uh, the office is sort of a sociopath machine
We sure do like our potato brain mouth be either yes
Cincinnati's
Occasionally look occasionally we'll get it right occasionally. We like to sin sin at us
We've got to at least be fans of sin sin at us. Come on
You canceled your subscription to paramount and israel
You canceled your is your israel subscription
Oh god, did I forget to cancel mine?
That it's just that's the problem. You need one of those true bill services or you might realize that you're still subscribed to israel
I'll double check mine after the stream. I'm pretty sure I canceled but
Jimmy Carter was an evangelical christian actual christian. What was kind of uh anti
union union
Yeah, I mean jimmy carter was
like pre-sage the uh
Harsh turn to
Whatever you would describe raganism as um cutthroat individualist capitalism
zero regulation. I mean Carter was already kind of
Drifting in that direction, but whatever you don't need my
Fairly vaguely defined views on uh
1980s presidential politics
I did jimmy Carter seems more genuine than some presidents, but yeah, I mean I'd say on the whole
Just being president means you have to be a little bit of a sociopath
Brother, we are getting batshit conservative jews taking over cbs. That's another thing that's happening
We're getting barry weiss as the cbs news head
so
If you're unfamiliar with barry weiss
Maybe that's a good thing, but unfortunately she's
crawled out of um
Kind of a well-earned obscurity in the sense of I don't think anybody was reading her shitty publication outside of a couple like dc elites
But I guess that's all you need because
they've grabbed her like
20 person readership rag bought it for 150 million dollars and installed her as the lead of cbs news
I'd say the only bright side is
the power of like um
cable news probably keeps decreasing but
Not as much as you'd think because it does seem like a lot of
People in power still are like pretty heavy dick writers of cable news
Trump for instance
So yeah another instance of
Just the worst people
Failing consistently and still moving upwards
Um, you can't read liven sleazy statements in full when he says it's group ambivalence when you say it
It's moderate hate speech
Wait, what did liven sleazy say that's moderate hate speech?
Brother, we are getting batch of conservative jews taking over cbs. I guess I need to at least say it from liven sleazy
So does it sound like I'm just saying that
um
The us heads of conservative judieism and reform judieism condemn her
Everything I know about barry weiss is
Pretty negative. I I haven't read all of her writing obviously, but um
I've certainly seen clips of her on joe rogan. Well, that means you've got the full measure of it
larry david made fun of her
She's a mess. I don't know. Well, we I don't want to get too far into the barry weiss train
You only your dick ride bin for your news
Yeah, exactly
Yeah, I need to start attributing the quotes. I'm randomly reading in chat probably to the chatter
But you know, there's a lot of voices rattling around up in here. It's hard to keep them all straight sometimes
Don't worry. I'm doing completely. I'm completely sane though. How you doing kendall? Eh?
Shit, who's that walking over here?
That kendall fucking linus. She's not walking over here
She gave me the head shake
But she's she's around. I swear she's in here somewhere. Where?
Where is she?
I don't see her
Have you made kendall up this whole time? She's been on the stream so so much
I've never seen you and kendall in the same frame. That's how it always is
I'm on to you case
She's always in the same frame as me
Yeah, but we've just seen what sora can do. You had an ai girlfriend this whole time. I've been streaming for three years
Before you could make realistic ai girlfriends. Another very realistic
How do you know that Jeff? I know things. I read the news a lot
Okay, well look that's uh, you know the thing with
Covering this
Talking about israel on this show is obviously
We could go way deeper than we ever do
uh
and you know
It's easy to start talking in directions that make people very uncomfortable
But on the whole, uh, you know, I do think it's the basic
Coverage is unfortunately still in the same direction which is it is
Continuing to not move in a positive direction. I hope
There's any chance of like any peace talk. I don't care who's pushing for it if it leads to like
Ideally a permanent end to the bombings and killings or even a temporary one. I mean, I'm in favor of that at least
So we will see last, you know
We had the same kind of brush with peace talks via trump like eight months ago when he
um was first taking office and even a call for like a
Permanent ceasefire that just dissolved. So I hope the same thing doesn't happen, but we'll see
Is kendall just another filter? No, no, no no will peace prize here. We come
Maybe you can do it case if you talk about it on twitch hard enough. Maybe you can make it happen
That's really the that's the whole reason i'm doing this this show
Is just maybe it'll pop off and I can get a no bell peace prize
You think they might have the you think hasan's in there running? No, I don't think I don't think they're gonna give hasan
a no bell peace prize anytime soon
Anyway, let's uh, let's de news we'll decouple from the news for now and move on to whatever other insane thing is happening
But that's all I've got on this one net. Yeah, who said trump should get
Peace prize. Oh like a multi-form peace prize multi-form peace prize. No jutsu
Throw it up 45 trumps each with a huge prize. Did they give it like a big medal? Is it a trophy?
I think it's like a pendant, right? What does a no bell peace prize look like?
No bell
peace prize
Yeah, it's like a big it's a collectible coin
Everybody wants one. My god. Look at this beautiful
Collectible is it this big this looks huge
Don't do my voice. Oh god. I've got the hiccups today
Oh, it's on the podium too. I like to think it's a little collectible coin
Gold wrap chocolate. Oh my gosh if it's chocolate
Nothing tastes as good as a chocolate wrap piece of peace
Big enough to serve cheese on
And you can hope that's why I miss mug like trophies that you could drink out of
Because then you got a thing to do with it. Otherwise, it's just sitting there collecting dust
And who's gonna want to eat off your dusty trophy?
Oh remember pogs a peace pog
Let's update this for generation whatever's after alpha
Peace pogs. We're rebranding the peace prize to the stuff that kids love. I think pogs are
A little already dated. It's more updated than
Some european guy made out of gold
I mean, I'm in favor of peace pogs. I just think that's more for you and me Jeff
I'm not I don't give a shit about pogs. This is a play for the kids
Pieces back and in pog form. Look at all the you're already writing all the copy we need for this
Okay, look, we're done with the news for now. We got other stuff to get to I actually have to leave at like 545
So I should hit the segment disabled button
And let's burn through some segments or I'm gonna have to push I might have to push this djc 4 thing to Wednesday
What are you gonna give?
Justin juice power is his theme song if not today
We'll see how much progress we can make if we do the town hall
then
We'll see don't worry. Justin juice powers will get a theme song at some point this week for now though. Let's move on
It's time to learn how to do things actually with jeb
Well, hello everybody
It's good to see everyone. It's your pal jeb
And I'm joined by my father
Who's hopefully learned to behave himself. I don't know what you mean. I feel normal. I bet you do
Because you're dead in your area of the wood
Yeah, I feel like that was something I already knew but I'm kind of surprised
I'll crawl back into that well again. Jesus
Case your life is getting in the way of your twitch fun. I keep telling him that
Become a digital being
Be like one of those um twitch channels where
Biden and trump debate 24 hours a day. We just leave it running
Turn yourself
Into a two-dimensional being that exists only on a screen
Yeah, the future
But I don't know how to do that kind of thing yet. I've been learning stuff more like how to apologize or
How to reset the button on your dad. I mean on your tv
What you know stuff like that wait, what'd you say that that you're dead in here in the wood? Oh, right
What would happen if I varnished the wood that my dad is stuck in?
Do you feel like you need to be varnished dad?
I don't know what I feel
I feel
Splinter you feel splinter
I feel cedar
Yeah, I guess that makes sense
Please never touch your father's button
Wish he had one that I could press
A mute button maybe I'm just kidding daddy
I would be fine to be muted forever
Just turn me off
Dad you're fine. You're just dead and you're in the wood. Oh
He feels splinter like the rat
No, like the
The constant tension of mark that can't crack
Are you pop-rying out right now? I don't know
Is he related to mr. Splumther? I don't know what anyone is talking about ever. I'm a father
In the wood
Stop dad. No, I'm the one who tells you that
I'm the you
Forget what are you talking about?
There we go
Let's get into the how-tos
Keep my father under control with some male grooming and how to do it. How about that?
Just enjoy some videos dad. You might be in the wood that doesn't mean that you can't keep up with your appearance
I have a little niche men's steady grip hair gel how to use it
Towel dry the hair. I just sprayed it down with a little bit. Whoa, so it should be towel dried fresh out of the shower
Look at her just go to towel that guy's head
One is straightforward and simple a little like a 50 cent piece because he has a lot of hair
Depending on the length and thickness of your hair. You can use up to
A nickel his mouth is just so open or a 50 cent piece
silver dollar
So you want to distribute it evenly again throughout the hair you want to cover every area
All the hair the sideburn area in behind the ear you want to go up on it and down on it
You just don't want to coat the top. Yeah, and she's kind of getting the bracelets on there
I would say the most important thing about using hair gel is distributing it evenly throughout the hair
And then depending on the style that you want. She's got a full on dagger bracelet
Look at this thing
Look at this. Is that safe?
Well, you're gripping someone's head with that much force to have a sharp dagger bracelet
Either you're gonna leave it dry natural like this
And it's gonna have its own little pokey kind of bedhead look or what I prefer gel for
is a
More groomed look
And then what you can do is you can after you get it placed to where you want it you can spot do
Some places like if you find it's coming up to abruptly there
and you want to
slightly
Push down you could take a little bit of gel and add it to spot. So this is going into that
A little bit more classic madman because she's chilling out a little bit
And you can either take your fingers in the back and da it or you can make it come down square around the neck
Oh his mouth is closed
He's being affected by his hairstyle. Yeah, oh it's open again. Never mind
So that's like having a classic if you want a little tight
That's more a product suit wearing buried together and then very Prada my preference is always. Oh god
Not really
Oh
We need to get that guy on the stream
Tips and tricks for hair removal now. This is at a perfect length right now
It went from being shaved which was very hard to touch, you know what like course, you know
Freshly shade feels like it's not good to touch
So just having it long enough that it hugs the body now. I understand he gets a little bit heavier
So, you know what we do is we trim it slightly
Huh
A man's chest should always look ungroomed. It shouldn't be too
Comorver scissor or too
tightly groomed what?
So I don't like shaving it because it comes back into abrupt
I do think if you want to remove it completely waxing is probably your best bet
Because it comes back in much softer. So if you see sitting on his lap
It's much more pleasant to touch when it grows back in because when you shave the hair it blunts out the tip
Okay, so you're shaving it. It's growing and it's growing very blunt
But when you pull it out from the root, it's growing out really soft. It has a soft tip
So there is a myth that if you
Wax it that it comes back thicker
It's not true because the the the thickness of the hair is already established by the already existing follicle
It should always feel good. It should always be approachable
Um, you know, if it gets really opaque in some areas, that's where you want to sort of dive into it
No, time felt was telling the truth
She's lying but you don't want it to look too manicured and one of the tricks up here is to always leave the atoms
He does
Did she
Did she do a little male lobotomy grooming? Did she groom the front of his brain?
Why is his face so perfectly placid?
Is there any feeling behind these eyes left?
Or has it all been waxed away?
Very well groomed eyebrows though apple area underneath the atoms apple this area you want to keep it free of hair
So what I suggest is you hold down the chest hair and you dive under
And you clean this area and then you let that come up natural
So you need to keep a certain amount
of hair
Gone between here and facial hair
And also another thing is like fading out this line a little bit
So that's a part of what body hair going right up into the neck. Yeah, you want to make sure there aren't any lines
Nice
Nice
Am I a filthy boy?
I don't think I've been doing any of that. I haven't faded my lines
I just got a harsh neckline
Oh no, it's supposed to be perfectly smooth and faded
Mine is pretty harsh because
I kind of can't tell where my hair starts and the wood ends
That's not helpful daddy
You know chel was asking how I got in here any thoughts while you died
And then I and then and I earned the wood. That's how it happened
Oh my god, that's the reaction I'm looking for
Now he's behaving
Okay, that was pretty informative the howcast
letting us know
I wish I knew who this lady was because
But they don't credit her at all howcast
Everyone is mentioning that he looks terribly traumatized and I do agree
He looks traumatized
Man's reconsidering every life decision he's made until now
That dude seems like he just teleported in from another planet. Well, we've all been there
Sometimes we all feel like
An alien being
Why were we placed here? Why do these voices tell us to do these things?
Yeah, our inner monologue that is you know all of us wonder
Boy, there's a real theme to what people are posting today about another one how to use men's nair
We'll give ourselves a little breathing room here
Because there's also one on what to do if you're too high on weed
And if that's any of you
I would say stop smoking weed entirely it
It breaks you
It makes you too relaxed and chill then the music you make is too powerful
So I I believe that it should be banned really
Weed? It's dangerous leads to schizophrenic breaks and porn addiction
What are you basing that on?
Some guy said it on youtube
I think he's right
That's not convincing at all jeb
I just you know, maybe so much have been through that experience. You're high for five years and
You just start kind of drip feeding yourself a constant steady serum of pornography and jimmy johns
And that's not good for I mean, I never did that's not good though if people are doing that
Let's just learn what to do if you're too high on weed
I'm a cool guy from back in the day jeb and I actually can handle my weed and if you can't that's your problem son
Some fatherly advice from my cool weed smoking dad, maybe I'll give it another shot
Fire up the browser subscription. You know
Kidding. I never did that. Let's see what to do if you're too high on weed
Camp
A friend told me you got a little too high
I'm sorry pal. This sucks
You may feel like you've gone permanently insane or like you're dead
Here's the good news. You're alive and your sanity is probably intact. What you're just really really high
Is she helping?
The first thing you should know is you're safe
No one ever overdosed on cannabis and you won't be the first
It's going to be okay. You might be feeling way too high for a few hours
But let's not focus on that now time. It's probably lost all meaning for you anyway
So here we are
And everything is going to be all right
You're real
You know what helps?
A fresh breeze
Why not open a window? You can even go for a little walk. No one's looking at you. I promise
Would this help people who are high on weed?
Are you hydrated? Maybe they're having trouble hearing her. We can give you a serious case of cottonmouth
So drink up
You're not going to die from over hydration
Water is good for you
You're doing great. Hmm
Okay, how about this
Got one of these beauties lying around
Lemon pulp zest and peels are full of terpenes which can help regulate THC levels. The glass of fresh lemonade may be just what you need
Hey, let's visit your spice cabinet. Got any fresh peppercorns?
There are chemicals and peppercorns that can help bring you down from the high
Grind some of these little guys. Give them the sniff
Don't worry if you sneeze a couple of times your brains are still in your head. You're good
It's peppercorn
Hey, sweetie. You know what helps? Nice sitcom. Nothing too fast paced or complicated
May I suggest going through the back catalog of friends?
Laughing is fun. Are you freaking out all by yourself? Oh, that won't do. It's time to call a trusted friend
Talking things through can do wonders and remind you that you're a person and not just a cloud of terrifying thoughts
Are you sure about that?
Feel free to watch this video as many times as you want
Nothing bad will happen as a result little buddy. You're going to be okay
That's pretty good
I do think it's important to condescend to people that do drugs
Hey, you little you little guy
You smoke too much weed
Well, pull up your little diapers
And uh, why don't you try breathing?
That's how they like to be talked to the weed addicts
Wrong with you
No, I'm just following our advice
Hey, uh, maybe
Maybe turn that sponge bab cartoon back on
Because it's about all you can handle due to the amount of reefer that you've inhaled
Now, why don't you go unsubscribe from dog fart dot com?
Because you never meant to go that deep with it and uh, just watch some
Just shoot me. What is dog fart dot com?
Nothing nothing
What that's a real website
Can we go there? No
How do you know that?
I just picked two random silly words. It's not like that's a real site
Quit messing with me guys. I'm not high on weed seems oddly specific. They're right
Mm-hmm
A doo doo doo
Cotton compromised in 4k
What do you mean?
Everyone knows it's a real site
How does everybody know that I made it up, but you all know it's a real site
I mean if it's a bad website and you guys know about it
And I just made it up
What does that say about all of you?
If you're the ones who know it's real
What are you doing right now?
Dog fart should have been the pets.com puppet
Mm-hmm. I don't know what I'm saying, but it seems like chat's really familiar with this website
Anyway, let's learn how to use men's nair body cream and everybody settle down. Okay
We should be illegal and spoken all of your minds. You are being a problem today
You are being a problem to me. Well, you're dead and you're in the wood
So that's a problem for me every day. How about that daddy?
Hmm time to learn how to use nair for men
A goat made a website
Oh a goat a video about a goat. We'll watch that after this
What a timer. Oh
Because it'll burn your skin if you don't time it
That was it
Let's just put it on your skin and wait for 10 minutes
Where do you put the hair?
Hmm eat it
Because you don't want to clog up your drains or your trash with hair eat it. No, it's full of chemicals
Don't eat it
Jeb you're giving terrible advice today. I'm just spitballing daddy
They didn't say what to do with it. I think you should eat your refuse nair hair
Well, you don't want to clog up your drains or your trash. What do you mean clog up your trash? I don't know
Well, because it'll be full of hair and it could just fall out of the bag anything could fall out of the bag
Don't eat the hair there. Okay fine
Don't eat the hair
I already saw in my case today just because I set a funny website and I and I'm giving ideas
I'm just giving ideas
Let's learn how to
Do something with a goat
Let's learn about a goat
I don't see it on here though
Someone said to look up a goat thing, but I don't see it
You made a video about a goat you have to see and even made a website you should oh it was a joke
I'm so excited for a goat video
Oh
Um
Well, you kind of should have seen that coming. Here we kill you. You got me
I want a goat video. I will look it up. Maybe there's a good one. I'd love to see a goat
seagot.com
seagot.com
Doesn't exist
Okay
Maybe reverse it. You know, we don't have time. Oh, okay
All right. Well, maybe next time we'll get a goat video
Also, though, there's no goat c.com
That doesn't exist either
It also says it's it says it exists
But it says it's not safe
It's being pretty explicit about how it's not safe
so
Guess I won't a sea of goats and that would be fun
How to make a sea of goats
Okay, well look, uh, there's other stuff to get to today. I guess so that's probably all the time we have
Um, I'm here with my dad who's dead and in the wood, but right
Rest the internet herpes. I don't know that police officer looked pretty severe
He was warning me. He's just doing his job
Anyway, that's all the time we have for today. We learned a lot today
And uh, whether you're farting on dogs or seeing some goats, they're actually never too old to learn a new trick
We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Geez
computer you're kind of
Slow on the button presses today
No
Moving at my own pace
He was leveling up
We'll level up again in context. I'll send someone else into the wall at some point. Oh me. I already go in there
You do
You can't even remember jeb's face
but you feel like
I I hate to be mean because he fell down a well and smashed his face in the bottom of it, but
I do miss that classic jeb face
Maybe someday we'll find a surgeon who can um
Remount his face properly
Get the original look back
But until then
We're stuck with this version of it. Okay, somebody asked that I talked to somebody was
Ed Gein
about
Oh, sorry, jeffrey dommer
About kendall's new tiktok
Okay, I'm down
To try to talk about that
With the jeffrey dommer
Can I find jeffrey dommer on short notice though? If I jeb in a wall cave? I feel like he's probably been in a wall cave
Where's a good jeffrey dommer when you need him?
Hello
I guess this is close enough
jeffrey dommer finds you
I got a pretty I got some crack security here. Crag is still in somewhere around here
So I'm not too worried about him sneak out. Hey there. How's it going everybody?
He looks more like me than I was hoping he would. What are you me?
um
anybody looking to
Crack a couple beers
We've all seen your netflix show
Everybody's pretty familiar with your crimes. I moved past that I died. I'm dead
and uh
Now I'm mostly into beers
Is he dead?
I just need your opinion
Oh yeah, you died you died in the 90s. I forgot that you died in the 90s
But you dead. Uh, yeah, I know
I you know, I was up to no good. I admit that but now that I'm dead. I'm a normal guy
I mean I killed some people but everybody's dead because I'm dead
You look fine. You look
Yeah, I look fine, but I'm dead
Want me to do some ghost stuff?
Oh, hey, I'm a ghost uh-oh
Oh spooky
geez
Oh, this is stressful. Like I could crack a beer probably maybe you have one with me
Sound kind of like crumb honestly
There's a lot of ghosts do
Really? What'd you call me here for if it's not to crack a beer?
Maybe watch a movie
Well, I do kind of need you to watch a movie. I need your opinion on Kendall's tiktok
And anybody who wasn't here earlier can do it Kendall's looking for a
useful like header title to put on this tiktok
So if anybody has any advice
Feel free to chime in as well, but dommer if we could just get your thoughts on this
That would be apparently helpful
Every night a dinner
I'll be there every birthday party
I'll be there
Every Christmas
Every night
Can you do that kind of stuff now?
Can you just what can you just follow people around?
Well, she was at a Halloween
Like themed thing. So there's like scare actors. That's a job
That's a thing people can take as a job
Yeah, you like follow people around you jump out you scare them. Um, my advice. I think a good caption to be dream job found
Very cool
That's not super useful
I'll be there for you from dr. Zaeus
Uh, there's a floating sleeve
I don't know if that was a caption idea
I think that's you
Yeah, is the studio haunted by a t-shirt. I'm gonna give these all to you as caption ideas
Who's somebody here?
Don't look behind you, but there could be I don't get spooked by that kind of stuff
You wouldn't last five seconds
You wouldn't last five seconds watching this horror maze
It is crazy. I barely mentioned that you're doing it. You instantly showed up
Don't look behind you. Don't look behind you. Yeah, I'm practically whispering into this mic the whole stream
You can't look and never hear me skull emoji x emoji and heart emoji. Is that doing anything for you?
That's actually not bad
The emojis actually not bad
Wintry midnight got the hottest tips spooky backpack
I like the ones that I can't quite buzz buzz kill kill
No words
I think the emojis is a strong choice. I don't like it quite as much as the dark chowder one into the dark chowder from
Lyman Sleazy, but also people who use the sound usually just put
Like the words of the sound on the screen like they'll say
Every night it's like they'll type out the word. What do you mean? They'll type out the words
Like every night at dinner. I'll be there. They'll like put that on the screen at the moment they pop up
So instead of like doing something fun or silly
You're just kind of reading lyrics
Well, the emojis take care of that. You just take those emojis in right away kill each other
Okay, great. That's good card game. I like that one too the guy who won't take no for an answer
It's also a spooky nun and stuff
Is that I think guys don't do anymore
Because people got really mad at me for that and no that's not a thing you're supposed to do still
Got you
free hugs
Everyone at Halloween horror nights wants free hugs everyone at dark harbor wants free hugs
Start playing the friends theme song. Oh put the floor
for it
I'll be there for you
No, she's not taking that advice. I'm trying to think of another way
Oh, yeah
Okay, that's do you have any questions for Jeffrey Dahmer we have apparently him here as well. Yeah
Isn't it crazy we got Dahmer?
I get that a lot because I get crazy a lot
I'm not sure much now that I'm dead. I don't really get anything
The boys to men song I'll be there would work for this boys to men
Mm-hmm
Just a photo of boys to men at the top
That's a thinker you're gonna be like
Oh
People will get it. I don't know if I would get that
I think we might have to do a blind taste test on anyone who wasn't watching the stream previously to see if that makes any sense
You're only here to get more fun
Super funky dunkerson likes it. I think the emoji one is
That's like, I don't know much
about social media, but emoji plus video
that seems
That seems like a thing to me
My built trick brings all the boys to the yard
That's kind of good
Keep it simple. Yeah, exactly what you're gonna get it
Okay
Anything else for me? No, I think we're probably good dommer
I don't actually have a beer because I'm dead. Could I get one?
See you Kendall. Oh, did she leave?
This is you and me now cowboy want to watch um revenge of the Sith
I haven't seen I think I wasn't alive for the new trilogy
Love to watch that with a couple brusquies
Can I use your fridge? No, well, I'm gonna haunt this place now because you summoned me so
It'd be easier if I could use the fridge. I'll watch the disney ones too
Um a new Jedi the end of the new Jedi
Return of the new Jedi
Yeah, that's the three
You want to watch those? No
No, just stop haunting us and go
Your hair looks different here. It's it looks very different. It's the same here. I like the same
Okay, I'll be around
Making watch uh, Dom watch every piece of star wars content is a decent level of punishment
All the tv shows he's got to watch a soka. He's got to watch uh
What's the one with?
I can't remember any of them now
bad
Bad company bad company too and or he doesn't get to I guess I'll watch all of them but and or
He's got to watch the famous star wars show bad company too
A very wookie Christmas. Yeah, he's got to watch the Christmas one. Oh the acolyte
I kind of have a soft spot in my heart for the acolyte because I was so confused by
It's got some like the room level decision-making and writing in that show
Which I kind of enjoyed
It really made very little sense skeleton crew. I haven't seen I think skeleton crews kind of
Meant to be like a kid's show
Who wants to be a Chewbacca?
That sounds good
Oh, I never saw the book of Boba Fett
Skeleton crew is fun. It's got um, what's his face in it?
handsome
Guy who's bald but handsome
Is he bald actually
Jude law is Jude law bald
Yeah, he's bald now
Looks good bald
He's got a classic bald guy look look at this handsome bald man
Some guys kind of it almost works better for me
Like yeah, he looks more classically young and handsome here, but here he looks more Jude law to me
Glup shit. Oh is that a star wars show the book of glup shit. Oh
the tome of glut shit. Oh
the one handsome bald guy it's him and statham and uh
Ed Harris
There's the only one. Sorry everybody
Other than that you need
Thick lustrous hair if you want to look this good
You got to grab your you got to yank on it like that lady
Baby glup shit. Oh is going to be huge
I want to
Can I use ai to make someone named glup shit? Oh
I just found my second Sora idea Sora fire up the glup shit. Oh machine
a space
fairing
bounty hunter
In a sci-fi adventure movie named glup
shit. Oh
The movie is called
The book
Of glup shit. Oh, I think this is what ai is for
Just let me fire up the ocean destruct destruction machine
Mmm a trailer
A movie trailer there we go. I'm learning to prompt on the fly that seems good enough
Send it into space. We'll check in with that after the town hall. We'll assume that it gets made
We've got to send it down to the town hall where apparently we need um
Trent
and
Shit
To do something
Two very different characters. So I'm sure they'll have very different things to say
Okay, put me proud. I didn't mention um
My only real issues that I didn't mention
vaping it all there
But maybe if you know if I want to reprompt it we could maybe get some vaping stuff in there
We'll see for now. Let's
Send it down to the town hall
If I can find it where did I put my town hall?
There it is. Okay town hall, please
Uh if you have any questions
What's the town hall command?
Well, we'll figure it out. There's a town hall command you can put into send stuff to the town hall
But I can't remember what it is, but it'll tell you after the intro. It's time for a town hall
It's exclamation point th
I just didn't want you guys to get too far ahead of what
of yourselves
So really thinking about what you want to ask
today's uh important contributors
to this town hall
Once again making his our first return guest. We actually have
Chat here. That's right everybody
Ready to answer your settle down y'all gosh you guys are you guys are too big of a fan
Yeah, this is crazy. They love to see me and I love to answer your questions
So if anybody's got a spicy question out there
exclamation point th is how you send it in
But uh very different character and person
Joining us today. We also have Trent
at wassup
I wore I like to wear different beanie
When I'm answering questions for people my question answering beanie
I think it makes me look even younger though, so
You need to look younger. Aren't you very young? I am
I'm just I'm just a kid. So keep that in mind
A wild kid
That has no limits
Okay, good to know
Let's get into it
Uh looks like we've already got a
strong lineup of questions
So you out there. Yes, you you over there
With the microphone. Let us know uh what what you got for us. I love glove chino
Can you name a federal building after him?
I don't have that power but a thousand percent. I would absolutely do that
and
I've always thought people make fun of star wars names, but I think they're sick. I wish I had a name like
Chateau
Manow or whatever
But instead I have a normal terrestrial name
If that answers your question, uh, no that that's fucking I don't know no man. I don't I don't really pay attention to that
I don't even know what
I don't even know about that star wars stuff really
your
Your whole thing on this channel is you watch move you've watched tons of star wars trailers. I don't really know about like I'm kind of busy
I don't really know about that so
Like next question. I don't really kind of don't know like I just don't know what you're talking about so like for me
For me, that's the next question
Okay, a little rude it's a little rude an ice skating park right besides a regular skating park
What
Can we have an ice skating park right besides the regular skating park?
But well first of all we're in Los Angeles
Can we confirm that
I'm checking with the yes. We're in Los Angeles. So
here
They could the woman has to be indoors
but if you're in like
A cold place like can you do then I think you could so it's for for me. That's kind of area specific
But to answer your question. Yes
uh
I don't really like I don't really do like skating
like
No offense to like the guys I know to do it
But that's not like my thing like I'm more like um
extreme sports guy
Like and not like like skating like more extreme football like football with baseball bats
Is more my speed or like firework sports
So that's just not like my thing. So like respectfully
Like that sounds kind of fucking stupid and like I don't care
Okay, a little rude, but uh, thank you so much for your question. Um, look next next question. Thank you. I thought it was a good question
You need security for these jackals. Where's crack?
Well, that's a really great point. Um, you
Yes, where is can we make sure this woman feels as safe as possible?
And uh, like for me like I will defend you
I will defend you so
Let me know if you feel and save at any point. I will
quit this show
Storm the audience and sit beside you
Just to make sure you're safe
And that's that's a fucking promise and I don't really like where this is going. So thank you for your question
But let's go with the next question. Thank you
Watch as your favorite skins check
That's a really great question and can I say you look
Sick, can we fucking give it up for how like good this fucking guy looks?
Can we let him have it?
Look at this guy
He looks good. You look good
To answer your question. My favorite type of scents is probably, um,
dip in dots
Whatever they did to make those
It's fucking crazy the way they like they're kind of too cold and you're like, am I eating like dry ice?
But then as they melt you're like, this was fucking ice cream the whole time
I still have no idea how they did it
Um, my favorite type is probably like, uh
Do you know what's fucking funny?
They still have to teach us how to fucking school like it's legally mandated by like my truancy officer or something that you have to take sex ed
But it's funny because all of us have been having it so much with me that it's funny to be in a class
Where it's like, well, we already know that I can do that
It's I like honestly, I don't even fucking care. So like kind of kind of a stupid question
But like no offense, but like honestly, whatever man
Honestly, whatever again, I like all the quick. Thank you, but I guess next question. Thank you for your question
How long until the proponents of turning point us a turn on the organization because it's now run by a woman
It's a beautiful question from a beautiful lady and I'm not me
I don't want to make this about how all the women look, but can we give it up for her for looking so good?
Can we please?
Thank you for your incredible question. Um, and if you feel unsafe, I will repeat
trance
offer
If that answers your question and I like don't really get into politics so like
and
I think you're like a little too old for me
And I buy I get it. I get your interest
But uh for me, that's gonna have to be passed. Not what she asked at all, but
Apologies ma'am and thank you for your question. Thank you so much
I'm out of lube
What else can I use?
This is an excellent question any liquid that can fit into a turkey baster can be used as lube
And I know that I've gotten in trouble for saying that before
But if it can get into the baster then that means it's liquidy and that means it can squirt out and that means anything wet can be lube
Look, I'm like, I'm not I don't know you that well, but that's true
Like what he's saying is 100 true. You do look like you fuck and like congrats
Both of us do so we get it
Um, if you live in a snowy area, you can actually collect the snow
And use that as lube because it's just what like lube is really just water based is from what I'm understanding
So if you have any way to collect large amounts of snow
Then you can just keep that in the fridge and then it will make your penis really cold
But that can be good if it's too big because that'll shrink it down
So like a manageable size for a woman it'll get it back down to like nine or ten inches which is like
That's primo for some ladies. So just grab a bunch of snow and smack it onto your penis
That would be my advice, but you're the you're cool, dude. You fucking get it, man. Thank you for your question
Whoa
Who will go into the wall next and get rid of peter for good?
Oh, that was weird. Why doesn't trend have his own show where he reviews movies wrongly
He kind of doubled up on questions there. Sorry everybody
I forgot the first one. I was about me and the answer is
Everybody wanted to talk to me and I get it. I do think I should have all my whole own channel and I do
But I haven't lost it yet because like I'm getting it just right before I do my own thing and I don't
Uh, particularly know
What was the second question?
Why doesn't trans I can't remember the first question now
That was the first question. Now. There's a question before that man
Don't fucking talk to me. Yeah, you don't talk to me that way actually
I'm an adult
Don't you laugh case. Sorry you guys just sound very simple. Don't you fucking laugh at us. Yeah, don't fucking laugh at us case
You guys just sound kind of similar
Fuck that next question, dude
Next fucking question. This lady was gelling my hair really aggressively
She kept cutting me with her knife bracelet
Does that mean she likes me?
100% dude, that's
For a lot of people
Um, like teasing is the first form of intimacy like some people never grow out of that
Like i'm a very adult man who does not who has moved past teasing to being extremely direct
Like an adult but some people just aren't on that wavelength yet
So probably what she I just I'd say in general just assume a woman is flirting with you if at all possible and for me like
um
Like I don't even flirt like for me. It's more like a it's more like a business arrangement where i'm like
Yo, if you want in on this family of sex, it's like the mob in here. I'm mobbed up with my penis
So like girl, you're gonna have to be part of this life. So I don't even fucking flirt like that
So like for me if she's playing games, that means it's a pass
Sorry
I don't think they answered your question, but thank you for the question. Thank you
Yes, you there. Are you two related you sound and look very similar? Well, are you related to a
yellow pencil eraser because you look
Dude, fucking good on you. God is that thank you. I was
Like nope. Do you're coming here and be rude like I gotta give it back to you. Yeah, are you related to like
The color piss
Next fucking question, dude, I don't even have to put up with this kind of shit
Okay, well, I think it was it's a fair question. Are you two related? I'm not taking this from you case. Okay
Yeah, man, we don't have to put up with shit like we're on contract like you owe us six million dollars
I don't but thank you a decent question next question. Yes you there come on up. Don't be shy
Do not be shy
Do y'all know where I can get some of that dark shatter
A Sora too. I will answer the questions case
Uh, it is sold exclusively at my cousin's
head shop
It's he's got like a fucking he's got like a nasty place that sells like resins and
Like whatever the liquid that you put in vapes is a vape shop. I don't like I don't I I I actually believe in staying like
Um, pure because I'm like a athlete. So I don't I don't mess with that stuff. What don't do vaping can be good for you
That's what you're not understanding like vapes
It's like the whole thing is that it's good for you
Listen to jack card king on just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins
And I've been dying to say this screw the rules. I'm the president when do we get the triple dancing kandells
What's that?
I'll watch that. Well, like what is that though?
I'll do it
I mean I'll ask if she'll come in here and dance
Is that rude for me to do don't make my girlfriend come in and dance for you?
No, it's for everyone case. It's quit making this about you. Yeah, it's for like all of us, dude
We have a question this person is waiting for their question to be thinking for the 300 bits by the way, mr. President slash card king
Where's the real jeb
This is a I've been wondering about this and I don't like know what is I don't know this like I don't really pay attention
It's kind of thing. I'm kind of busy
Well, I'm I'm curious because we used to get like we used to go to tgi fridays
Together on thursdays we call it friday thursdays
And I miss doing you jeb has friends
We have friends we like we hang out outside of here case
You do?
Yeah, we do. I mean I've hung out with everybody a little bit. Oh, we all did we have like a social life together because we're you know, we work together
It's interesting. I've just never
I've never heard that you guys do that
Yeah, we all hang out. Yeah, we pretty much all hang out. Yeah
But I mean you're the boss obviously so be weird if you can't the winner was in the blackwell
Interesting case, you know anything about that
Even jeb
Everybody everybody about you. Yes, because you're the boss. It'd be weird. It would be fucking. I don't consider you a boss
I just think you're too old
You look a lot like me trend
You fucking wish dude you wish I don't want to came up with that by the way. That's that's my thing
Anyway, stupid fucking question, dude. I don't know
I don't know. It was a decent question for a two s kevin
Yes, you there
What makes you come
Fucking sex dude dude perfect quit answer and that does it for me as well. Okay, that's a little weird and
Next question. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Is a movie trailer a full movie
Yes, wait, what?
Look, I sorry. Can you repeat that?
Hi
Hi, sorry
Take it easy. Yo miss
You're a lovely lady and yes, thank you for
Clarify like a hundred percent
And I'm sick of people acting like trailers are like some kind of lesser form of media
Like you can you can get a whole movie in in a trailer if the trailer is good
And it is if I'm watching it. I make sure I only watch the best
So watch my thing. I don't know the fucking name of like my segment like I don't really care about that
Like I don't really I'm not really like about that like it's not really my problem
But like watch it because like everything I do on there is fire and we do watch full movies that are trailers
Oh, thank you for your question. I know would be what I'd spend it. Nobody asked me. I guess. Uh, okay. Yes. Yes. Next. Thank you
Yes, you there. Don't be shy. Come on up
Got a lot of these
Truncheon, it's you mother that I have to tell you both something your brother's now kiss
Uh
I'm gonna have to pass on that
Can you talk like is he a lot?
Yes, you should
I don't think you can do that man
We're friends, but
I'd just be careful with that voice
Like I'll talk really quiet but like you're yourself in trouble. I think it's better if we just move on
How do we get our own chat AI mr. Chat?
You'd have to have access to my proprietary brain skines and unfortunately that's
part of my company, uh, it's the company isn't called chat. I it's called
Chey T
II
I'll put the AI after the ch for the company name. So ch a i t dash e
Chey T is the name of my AI company and chat is one of our products
So you'd have to contact my business department if you would like access to the it's a model based on the on the shabby jiji
I think I'm saying that right architecture
It's cal k if you're not familiar. It's cal k. So I can't wait just contact my office
I don't know. It's fucking like talk to a fucking dumpster
Why don't you just fucking stick your tongue in a dumpster? It's about the same probably right?
If you're dying to a chat AI that's fucking dude
I'm an adult not you
you what I'm an adult actually and
And I told you already that I'm past teasing because I'm not a child
So I'd appreciate if you respect my company
Okay, I appreciate you respect my respect with a dig
What's that young man? Appreciate your respect
a dig
What
Nothing
It's what thought okay weird next question. Thank you so much. Good question
I think we're out of questions actually. So if you don't have a question, sir, you don't need to
Oh, wait, we're not is kevin barara the advocate for vaping
No, the advocate for vaping
Is I think smoky the bear
That's correct
And also me
Okay, um
Oh, wait, sorry. We did get another question. Um, you're welcome to put in as many questions as you want
I think there's up to 60 audience members in here. So we've got a lot of questions probably but anyway, thank you for that's a
Decent question. Thank you. I think he is I thought he was but
Oh is trend one of chess kids
It sounds just like you kevin you sound like yourself congratulations. You do sound like yourself
Uh, no, no, he's not Levi's not gene. He's not britston
And then there's three more and he's not any of those
I don't fucking know man. How many kids you got six?
I'm not I'm not in charge of your not your life your life. I'm not in charge of your life
six
What are their names? I don't don't you can't dox kids if they're under 12
I don't know man. I also don't know who you are. I'm really young
So I don't know why they're referring to you by by some first name. I don't know you just I want to be clear about that
Okay, you don't have to be clear about that with an audience member. Thank you for your question kevin the real kevin prairie. I appreciate that
Yes
yes
Yes any thoughts
um
Hmm. Well, if you were to ask a question
I feel like it might be is the hate sock officially sammy or is sammy still dead
I don't is sammy dead. What did you do sammy case? He's just he's busy. He might have quit
He may be quiet quit. I don't know. Isn't that a thing people do now?
What did you do to him? Why would I do anything if anything sammy would do something to me because of
Because of what as fuck that's a he's Italian. I don't I don't know if sammy is Italian
Case is being offensive. I'm sorry. Sorry. No wonder you don't want to ask a question
But thank you. It's a good question and we do all wonder
So case get on that I'm
Okay, sorry next question. Sorry. You didn't feel like an accident
Hey, you ever put your head in a weird toilet and just sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff as an IFF
No
No, I don't know who told you that but I've that's not a thing I've done, sir
And congratulations on the vascularity in your arms. You do look strong. You are strong. You're a handsome man
I'm not as afraid to say that and yeah, I've done it
Well, I think I'm afraid to do a fucking prank. You think I'm some fucking
Gumbi ass bitch afraid to do a simple prank
Bring me a toilet. I'm not fucking afraid. I think I'm afraid of my butt or my friend's butts
I'm actually in a I'm actually like a fucking mature ass teenager boy
And I will sniff a toilet
Oh
Is that like popular for the kids right now? You haven't done the fucking toilet sniff challenge?
Fuck I guess you wouldn't know
Guess you wouldn't know
Mary sniff miss is that a thing? Yeah, it's a thing. Are you trying to prank me right now into believing it?
Can you help me out here? Extremely handsome muscular man
Anyway, that's our last question. So that's actually all the time we have I think
Uh
one
Oh
Yeah, keep applauding. Keep applauding. Thank you. Thank you everybody
That's good. Thank you for waving on cue
Thank you
Wow, we all said that in perfect unison. That's great
Okay. Yeah, it's a strong haul guys. Thank you for hanging out
Thank you for all of these incredible questions that is all the time we have for now
But we'll be back at the town hall anytime you want you just have to request it an exclamation point
Th is how you send us any thoughts you might have any questions or comments for our two participants
Thank you for being here chat. Thanks for fucking nothing dude. I'd I this is nothing. I love hanging out with the people
case extremely
Odd outro, but I'm fucking I gotta go
Yeah, I wasn't really able to give anyone a proper outro, but thank you all for your questions and we'll see you next time
Okay guys. Whoo such a marathon
running between all of these sets
That is all the time we have I do have to go as chat is pointing out
Staying well past my welcome already
I've got a two hour window on twitch before I need to eject from the platform for everyone's sanity
And also I have a place to be
I'm sending you ricky peacock way
So say hi to ricky for me
It's a case raid. Thanks for hanging out. We'll uh do this song. We'll finally get this just in juice powers song
On wednesday and we'll check in with all your news stories on wednesday as well
So feel free to share any stories you want to see covered at the cream dot team in the bin section
And whatever lt request
Gotta go sniff gotta go sniff. That's uh the new sonic. He just smells toilets
The game is not as popular now
All right, I better blast this off right away
Uh hang out with your ship gliptoe. Oh fuck the slop. Sorry everyone's reminding me that we made some slop
We'll leave you with this slop right before we go
Okay, I think I caught it just in time
Here is the trailer for um
Glub shit. Oh
Just to again inform you about the new powers of ai
In the outer rim one name still makes them run. You're chasing ghosts. Shit. Oh nobody survives blackthorn
Then they haven't met me the book of glub shit. Oh, I'm not in this for credits anymore
Then what in the outer rim one name still makes them run
You're chasing. I kind of wish he was an alien nobody survives
I should have specified that he was an alien the book of glub shit. Oh, I'm not in this for credits anymore
Then what in the outer rim
The book of glub shit. Oh
Damn, maybe ai will put star wars out of business. It should have had more vaping. It kind of was it was very light on the vaping
Okay, say hi to ricky for me. Everybody. Have a beautiful rest of your monday. We'll see you wednesday with another stream. Bye. Bye
That's how big bye. Bye. You know, ain't there's no time for this nonsense case
And this and the stream
Is you're the one who has hit the button
and the case
Nobody's paying
It is