the twitch notifications that way you know when I go live since my schedule is all up in the air right now
Case is gonna go live right now. Are you go also streaming this week case?
Yeah, I should be able to keep some semi regular stream schedule this week as regular as I ever am
Hell yeah. All right beautiful. Let me uh
Let me get the raid going here. Are you live currently? I've just gone live. There he is
I see him. I see him everyone. Make sure you guys keep the support going give case all the love
Make sure you're subscribed over there
I can't do the show without him and you know, I'm really stoked that we get to do this every Monday
So go support our boy and again. Thank you to all the callers big spooky stuff
Go buy Lou Elizondo's imminent right? I don't know. I don't know who he's working for whoa and the ghost of case
Could be something you're about to tune in for maybe he can tell you what it's like on the other side
I'm gonna send you all there now
Well, I look because it looks like you are a ghost
All the alien stuff had me with the ghost stuff
So you're a goat you're a ghost that just doesn't believe in ghosts. I'm just a guy in a hole
You're just a guy. Oh good. You don't even know you're a ghost. Yeah, you're just a see-through guy in a hall
Well chat you're gonna have to let this particular guy know that it's possible that he might be dead
I'm gonna send you over there now. Have a great rest of your evening. I will see you all Wednesday
All right folks. We're going to transition
To a different setting and see if it works. I'm not dead. So hopefully this will work and
We'll be alive with the news in just a sec. Okay
Hopefully the stream doesn't crash. Bye. Bye
Whoa, okay. Oh my god
We're live with the news
But it's all going crazy already one second
Immediate hype train you never see it coming
Hello everybody
You're just joining me from casting stream
You're live in our extremely advanced news station right now
I do need to close the calls really quick. I just take care of a few things before we get going. I
Thank you so much for the support though. There's now a high train going
This is a show. I'm trying to remember how to end call cast
Otherwise I'll get killed for being on for a week. This is not ideal. Oh my god. It's going so crazy
Call has ended. Yeah, it's such that we're still alive. Where's that button?
Where's the end the show button and we're done, okay, but now this show is happening
We're live. We're gonna do a little bit of news
Pappito our producer
And you're just joining us. This is a new show where we do the news. There is a hype train going currently
Which I am under legal obligation to check in with every time it happens
So we'll do that and then we'll learn together what might be going on in the world
I'm trained you're supposed to be
I'm
For tuning in
Double the engagement oh shoot am I still live on cast and channel. We're done
We're closing off cast on this channel. Oh, man
I like it over there. It was the same stream on both channels. No, I like this channel a little bit more
This just had a slightly better vibe to it
If I'm being real
I did just shut down the stream the cast some stream
I probably should have said come over to my stream
Before shutting down the cast some stream
Now they're probably dead. They probably were good
It probably did it just sort of ending over there
Uh, when will the new blazer arrive supposedly?
September 2nd, although
I don't know
I have my doubts
I don't have I don't have great faith at this point
In any blazer arriving, although I do have I do still have the classic for it's coming from amazon this time
So there honestly shouldn't be any issues
uh, but
I've been hurt before
So anyway hype train you need to thank people
Uh
Listen up jack
I'm gonna trash just Mama jan 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
This hype train will never let the American people down ever.
That's true.
That's what I'm gonna thank each and every one of you for all this crazy support.
In case you find me a fucking small soldiers type trap beat.
Surprisingly there is this small soldiers type trap beat.
Maybe not a trap beat.
Maybe trap beat is giving it too much credit.
Oh, it's kind of sensual.
It's just a bit sensual actually.
That's my kind of thing, man.
I like a sensual beat.
Why did I get a pre-reel ad?
It's worth that I don't know.
Actually I do know I demanded it.
Don't make my subs get ads.
That's part of being hyped.
Because you can do with the ads, okay?
Anyway, we got some followers.
We got some bits and stuff being dropped.
Thank you all.
We have Predator 867 followed yesterday.
Saber1 with the call and they followed me as well.
It's not Beemo.
That's Meeto followed six minutes ago.
Nice.
Uncle Phil too came with a hundred bits and that's nice.
Nice.
You like nice today?
Today I'm into the word nice.
We had side effect and here's a side effect.
They've been subbed for two months.
That's best.
Yeah, we got some preachy with the 19 months.
Huh?
Uh.
Uh, uh, 19 months.
Uh-huh.
I've scoured with a hundred bits.
Giggletrash with a hundred bits.
Tamtrank 21 months.
That is something I'll mind this shit.
Oh my.
Okay, well that's how that works.
Thank you for the 14 months.
I don't know why it's saying 43 subs, but I appreciate.
The resubbing of the Prime.
Banzai Bullfrog, thank you for the 22 months.
And Skate Narick, thank you so much for the 22 months.
The hype train has been sent gracefully to its death
as it always is, but I appreciate you subbing
while it was alive or dead.
I have not looked into any news today,
though to say that I ever do might be a little bit
of a stretch, so I honestly have even less of an idea
what's going on in the world than usual,
but we'll just figure it out together.
Let's do a little bit of news.
It's still your design, don't let them take it from you.
Everybody's fucking singing this shit.
Macho, macho, macho.
Total C-A-F-H, thank you for the follow,
right in time to see the sexiest man on Twitch.
Not my words.
Whose words?
Whose words were they, though?
Take it easy with the deep voice case.
You don't need to prove you're more masculine than me.
You're simply not.
My song proves that I'm actually the most macho.
My five, though.
It's good to be here, buddy.
That's good to see you, chat.
I'm not trying to have a macho off you, don't worry.
22 months of absolute excellence from FunnelWeb here.
Boom, boom, boom.
20 fucking two months, we're above the hit two years.
We kind of are getting closer to years.
Dude, my song is fucking blowing up right now,
humping this shit loud.
I hope it's louder than anything.
You don't even want to be heard.
I don't care if I'm heard as much as my song is.
We need new sub-golf.
That's me, the one who's coming.
Chats here, he's gonna get you all coming.
What do we do?
We'll take any, it will stick to suggestions.
In fact, we actually have a method for this, chat.
That's not the chorus?
This shit's blowing.
Fucking start the song back over, case I...
It is really loud.
Oh, you're gonna have to turn it down over there.
Do you think you're not gonna have to do one thing?
There you go.
Chat, do you need your song playing this whole time?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, let's ask Chat what the new sub-golf should be.
You know, Pepito doesn't have a theme.
Oh, shit.
I did the wrong thing.
Forgetting my own commands.
What should the new sub-golf be?
There we go, sorry.
Now, exclamation point O is how you fill this out.
That is how it works indeed, case he's not lying.
Turn off my music, case it's too distracting.
Rude that you were keeping that so loud.
Honestly, you're being crazy.
A third Sammy theme, a kitchen stream,
rescue Puffy Bear, Pepito Jam, Pepito theme songs.
I'll let Chat decide.
Maybe we can tally up those last two and counter together.
No, those are separate goals.
A Pepito Jam is different than a Pepito theme song.
Pepito Jam is just Pepito kind of riffing.
Exclamation point one through five is how you vote here.
One is the third Sammy theme, two is a kitchen stream,
three is rescue Puffy Bear, four is Pepito Jam,
five is Pepito theme song.
And case he's made these votes have to come in
really fucking fast.
Rescue Puffy Bear is running away with it.
Oh, I'm gonna have to,
I'm gonna finally have to visit the Airstream again.
Unless one of these makes you come back,
rescue Puffy Bear is, oh damn.
Maybe I have to do an IRL investigation
about a rescue Puffy Bear.
Well, you better, I'm gonna make this sub-golf now.
Sorry, this just takes a second
because I have to log into Case's credit card company
to do this.
It's stream elements.
Yeah, but just to check,
I usually log into your credit card first,
just to check your credit score
to see what we need to set the goal at.
He could be moldy.
I don't know how waterproof the Airstream is.
Well, it's an Airstream.
So I'm assuming there's good airflow,
meaning it probably leaks a little.
I'm not sure if that's what it means.
I'm using a lot of logic here
and I don't see why it wouldn't mean that.
So probably he's become a mold creature,
making him more alive than ever.
Boldly full of Bugs, Raccoons, Possums.
He could be full of anything.
He's been in there for over a year.
For over a year Case has completely abandoned his son.
Puffy Bear, rescue.
I might have to go do this shit myself
because you've just been so irresponsible,
not taking care of your bear son.
Let's see, I guess maybe 30 is fair for the bear.
And I got it just in time to catch.
Graham, CD, eventually we'll get to this 30 sub goal
and then Case, you gotta make the big road trip.
You'll take him and give him to a puppy.
Oh, and give, wait, I'll take him and give to puppy.
He give, yeah, Lady Satrix give to puppy.
Do you know the places you go
when you drop Puffy Bear?
Where do you go mentally, Case?
When you drop Puffy Bear?
Mentally, I felt like a huge relief to not have him
sitting in my apartment,
terrifying me every time that I see him
out of the corner of my eye.
I'll be the, I will go save him.
I'm not sure how that works yet.
It will work.
Figure out how that works, Case,
and pay for me to go rescue Puffy Bear.
This might be a little more complicated than you think.
What's complicated?
All I have to do is get in a car and someone films me.
Make it happen.
He'll get rescued one way or the other.
By me, I will rescue him.
Easy.
Chat live stream, rescue Puffy Bear.
We can, we'll try something.
We'll definitely try something.
That's why I'm taking, that's why I'm taking
direct action on this.
I'm leading the charge and I will do it myself.
Okay, I'll attempt to figure out
how to send you live chat.
Do more than attempt and make it happen.
What's going on in the fricking news today?
Oh, okay, this is the kind of shit I wanna talk about.
This story just flitted by my little eyes.
I spy with my little Chetai,
which is good for all sorts of things.
A dog conspiracy.
And a lot of people, I know that there's been
a lot of talk of aliens and stuff,
but sometimes the real conspiracies are about
fucking dogs.
Like there's no easy way to say that.
Sometimes dogs don't have our backs
and sometimes they're not man's best friend.
They're man's greatest rival
and highly dangerous beings.
That's just the way it is sometimes.
I know you're sort of anti-dog.
I'm anti-dog dogs that are perpetrating conspiracies.
And apparently there's dog conspiracies.
Sorry, I've cased it not properly set up the stream,
so I'm just trying to get it working
so that I can give you all the facts.
So-called Trump weirdos spread conspiracy theory
that Tim Walts' dog is fake,
but I am actually a certified skintist,
so I will be the judge of if the dog is real or not.
I can settle this force once and for all today.
Are you gonna settle that?
Just using sort of my brain acumen.
We'll dive into the facts and vibe out if it's true or not.
Official vibe skines.
Support is a former president Donald Trump
love a good conspiracy theory,
even if it makes absolutely no sense to anyone
with two brain cells to rub together.
Well, I feel like I'm already being attacked.
Why do you believe it?
You don't even know what the conspiracy is.
I'm just trying to take a more skiantific approach here
and I feel like the news media
has kind of become a little anti-skines,
which is a concerning development
because skines is a vital part of the nature of
my biologies.
Apparently Democratic Vice Presidential candidate
Tim Walts is lying about his dog's identity.
They just admitted it.
At least that's the idiotic story
they've been telling themselves all morning.
Yes, this is Tim Walts tweeting about his dog Scout.
Only problem is that there are two completely different dogs
tweeted Dustin Gage, Grage.
And that's a trustworthy name.
I've never met a Dustin that I can't trust.
I have nothing against Dustin's.
Well, then why aren't you believing Dustin?
Well, I just don't know this particular Dustin.
Let me search him up, Dustin Grage.
Thank you so much, Radium V, for the 21 months
following the only news site that is not afraid
to follow wherever the Dustin's may lead.
I've located the story.
Sorry, I've located the tweet.
Here's, this is courtesy of Dustin Grage,
who I believe is a news outfit outside of L.Hassie.
That's not true, Chuck.
It's just a guy tweeting.
Tim Walts is tweeting about his dog Scout.
Only problem is it's two completely different dogs.
And the note says the photo on the right
is from a dog park that Tim Walts was at with Scout
and many other dogs.
In that video, Scout can be seen playing with these dogs.
Okay, they did link to a different tweet.
We're gonna have to do a little investigation here.
This is a photo, not a video.
Just to point, I'd like to point that out.
We're not seeing him interact with either dog.
How, who am I supposed to believe here?
I was promised a video.
I'm just saying the jury is very much still out
and he is being indicted.
He's not being indicted.
Let's try not to spread misinformation, Chuck.
I'm trying to spread the information.
The Skymer says dogs legally must all have one time
use unique names caught in compromise.
I don't even know these dogs' names yet.
Maybe the conspiracy here is none of these dogs are him.
He's, are his.
And he's just some fucking weirdo shown up to dog parks.
No dog.
I'm in session.
I am judging this.
And so far I'm kind of on Tim Walts' side.
And the story is telling us that this is an open lie
as is the community note, Chuck.
Well, but I'm part of the community
and I haven't noted it yet.
So let me get all the facts here
and don't karate chop at me, Case.
Take it easy.
Scott Adams, the cartoonist who created Dilbert.
Okay, now we're getting somewhere
and got dropped by every major newspaper in the country
after he publicly advocated for Rossiel Segra got,
got gate to get Segra irrigation.
Radical irrigation, racial segregation.
Oh, that's worse than radical irrigation,
which is where you use a whole lake to irrigate your lawn.
Those both sound bad, but yeah, the first one's worse.
Anyway, he shared the conspiracy theory,
writing AI or real.
Is Scott Adams still on Twitter?
I guess everybody's back.
The gates have been opened back to everybody.
It's an extremely inclusive environment
if you've been banned previously for saying racist things.
Oh, did he already delete it?
Oh, he's posting these extremely funny dance videos.
Dude, look at him go, dude.
Yeah, that's crazy.
AI is getting fucking crazy, dude.
That looks like two presidents dancing, man.
And I say two presidents,
because once you run, you are officially called Mr. President.
Chat, you are just saying too many untrue things today.
When I stop, when I start telling lies,
you start telling pies.
Anyway, US Senator Eric Schmidt from Missouri joined.
Why would Tim Waltz do this?
It's creepy and weird, Schmidt tweeted.
Apparently trying to play reverse uno
with the weird allegations.
Waltz helped popularize against Republicans.
Reverse cards are extremely popular actually.
Oh, look, I'm not on the side of conservatives.
I'm actually, as I've said, proudly independent.
I usually don't decide who to vote for
until sometimes even after I voted.
Because there's no statue on limitations
on changing your mind case.
Well, usually if you've made a decision,
then it's too late to change your mind.
Actively done that.
We're trying to settle things here.
Well, what's actually going on in these photos?
Let's break it down.
The first treat we sent in June, 2022
was shows Waltz with the black dog.
Okay, confirming this.
These aren't dated.
Okay, they are dated.
Okay, I was wrong about that.
They are dated.
So one is from June of 2022.
And one is from what I believe is October.
It says October right there.
I believe it.
Sending a special birthday shout out
to our favorite pup, Scout, Waltz tweeted.
Okay, favorite pup, but not...
I guess it's R, but R is kind of like group ownership.
Like I could say it's R dog
because we're all in the dog park.
He doesn't date dogs.
Well, that's a fair question, Rhynelink.
Rhynelink's asking the real questions here.
Is he dating these animals?
I see no reason to believe
that he's not dating both dogs.
And now he's a serial adulterer.
There's bigger...
He's not dating...
One of the dogs is his.
The case doesn't even know what dog is his.
Grypsid's here.
Thank you so much for the 11 months.
And look, I don't enjoy asking these questions.
These are the questions that have to be asked.
The second tweet in the viral screenshot
was sent in October, 2022
and shows Waltz petting a brown dog with a message.
Couldn't think of a better way to spend a day,
a beautiful day than at the dog park.
I know Scout enjoyed it.
And here's that picture.
So how am I to know that this...
How come this one's Scout?
But maybe this one is...
Maybe they're both named Scout
and who am I to know which dogs is whose?
You can tell it's his mistress
because she's not looking at the camera.
That's an extremely good point
because mistresses can be very furtive
when you try to take photos with them.
Not that my divorce was caused by infidelity.
On my part.
Is this some kind of strange attempt
on Waltz's part to swap out his dogs?
And again, this is courtesy of gizmo.com.
No, obviously.
As some commenters have pointed out
by looking at Waltz's Instagram page,
Waltz was with Scout at the dog park that day in October
and that was just another dog he was petting.
Okay, they're repeating themselves now.
And that's when you know someone is probably lying
when they start repeating themselves.
It's a news article.
It's different standards than in conversation
and also that's not true even in a conversation chat.
It's just like, you ever see that popular show,
the senator's chick on the side that he fucks?
What?
There's that show, it's like,
the senator's chick on the side that he fucks?
Are you talking about the one where like the president
has a mistress or something?
Yeah, it's called the senator
and the chick on the side that he fucks.
Anyway, this has given me those vibes.
I'm just saying.
House of cards, exactly.
I think he means the good wife.
I think those are the same show.
Scandal, it is a scandal indeed.
The house of cards has been scandalized
and thus the good wife is the only one
who can put it back together again.
That was actually, I believe that was in the ad
for that show and all of those are the same show
and all of them actually do start,
they starred Kevin Spacey playing every part
like in the film Norbert.
Chat, can you just finish the story
and stop making things up?
I'm not, I'm, we're calling with perfect accuracy
the events of the world.
Anyway, he's introduced himself to the broader public.
He's proved incredibly popular.
Waltz is current.
Now they're just gassing up Waltz.
They haven't even settled yet if this is even his dog
and we're supposed to believe
that he's got a high approval rating.
He's got a higher approval rating than other candidates.
Certain other candidates that are running
for the same position that I can think of.
Well, you know, I am fair and balanced.
Does JD Vance even have a dog?
JD Vance dog.
Meet Atlas, JD Vance's dog.
Oh my God, this is so fucked up actually.
I can't believe this is what he's calling his wife.
She's a lovely lady.
Chat, it's clearly the dog.
They're clearly talking about the actual dog.
I didn't even see the dog.
It blended perfectly into her sweater.
Okay, okay, that one I will admit could be on me,
but I might need more facts before I know.
Wait a minute, how come here the dog is a puppy?
And here it looks adult.
Did he age his dog artificially
in the space of but a couple paragraphs?
Chat, you can take different photos at different times.
But did he?
We just, I don't, what am I supposed to believe anymore?
Do presidents even have dogs?
Or are presidents allergic to dogs?
No one's coming through with the facts here for me.
And I'm fucking trying to make decisions here
on who will be the next president.
I am the swing vote.
It aged spending time with him.
It's not hard.
That's true, it could have aged actually several years
in just a few minutes due to having to be around JD Vance.
Now you're finally making some fucking sense case.
Phew.
There he's the puppy again.
And then he aged in reverse.
Well, he spent a couple of minutes away from JD Vance
and with JD Vance's wife, who seems fine.
And so it reversed the aging process.
But as soon as he spent time with JD Vance again,
the year is piled back on unfortunately.
This poor animal, he's caught in a time conundrum.
It's the paradox of having to love JD Vance
because dogs will love any owner.
They give unequivocal, verbal love.
And that's why it's so sad
what all these vice presidential candidates
are doing to their animals.
Owning them, owning different ones, dating them,
calling their wives dogs.
Everything you're describing is all stuff
that you're making up, just to be clear.
But isn't that what the news ultimately is?
Me saying whatever.
That's not what it's supposed to be.
Well, to wrap this story up,
Magikraut is trying to tie itself into knots
to make Waltz an extremely normal guy with good policies
look like the weird one.
They live in this online echo chamber of cruelty
that will probably ensure they have no idea
just how depraved and malicious they looked
until it's too late and Harris wins the White House.
Wait, does that count as news?
Oh, I don't know if Gizmodo is going for,
this could technically be construed as commentary, I think.
I don't know if Gizmodo is like,
they've got the most rigorous journalistic standards
for their stories about people just making up insane stories
about Tim Waltz's dog.
What even is news anymore?
Well, mostly news actually is you check Twitter,
you find a fun tweet, and then you turn that tweet
into, you know, 500 words that we then read.
That's what the news is actually, Jeff.
Well, then I guess we can say that we successfully
did our part by reading the news story
that at one point was a tweet,
but now has become so much more,
it's completely turned my world upside down.
Before this, I was gonna vote, I think,
for Barack Obama's dog, who I still have a soft spot for,
or I was gonna vote for Biden's dog
that could not stop fucking biting people
because that shit's hilarious.
It's hilarious when dogs bite people, Chet.
I mean, it's a little funny
because they're just like fucking dogs, dude,
and they get pissed off and they bite you.
They're like got no control.
That's kind of the way I wanna live my life,
but I'm a human, so I can't.
But it's fucking funny every time.
Every time a dog bites someone, it's funny.
It's a little, I'm saying it's dark humor.
The dark humor of people getting bit by dogs.
But you can't make jokes about that anymore.
I think no one's ever gotten,
I don't think that's a cancel subject, Chet, dog biting.
And yet I'm on trial?
You know what's putting you on trial?
I'm on trial.
Yeah, Beau Biden was biting the shit out.
No, that's his dead son.
Maverick Biden in the film Top Gun piloted an airplane
incorrectly with its teeth,
and upon landing, they said,
they bit the steering wheel all the hell.
Chet, I think you're having a stroke.
Stroke a genius, maybe.
But my stroke game is done for the day
because the news has been reported to you.
And all I'll leave you with is this,
never trust a dog.
They might act like they're your best friends,
but are they even capable of friendship?
Sometimes dogs is the fakest fucking friends at all
because you feed them all your best food
and they like, like basically your ex-wife more than you
and live with her.
And every time you come over,
they act like you're a total stranger
and your ex-wife says to leave.
I think there's some stuff you need to work on, Chet,
that is unrelated to this story.
And unrelated to that, I'm Chet,
the manscape of the news that was done
and back to it is where we won't send not anybody.
All right, I thought that story would be a real layup.
Just a real feel good dunk.
Chet was making it so hard on all of us.
He said some crazy.
He's right about dogs though.
We can be fucking nuts, dude.
What?
I'm a dog, I can say it.
Sometimes I'm a fake ass friend.
You seem fine to me, Pepito.
Nah, man, I fucking drop people.
What?
Why are you cursing so much, suddenly?
I fucking drop people, dog.
I don't even get a shit, dog.
You've been spending time with Chet.
He gave me a bunch of Cheetos.
Why is everybody giving you Cheetos?
I don't know, I asked for Cheetos and they gave them to me.
Anyway, Chet's a good guy.
But dogs, we can be crazy, man.
What's crazy about you?
Yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You see that?
I just went nuts.
Two wolves inside Pepito.
And the other wolf's taking the wheel right now.
Check this out.
And you trust that case?
I don't know what that is.
Exactly.
You wanna go get Puffy back from me, Pepito?
Sure, I'll drive a car.
Can you give me your keys, please?
Never mind, I rescind my offering.
Okay.
Oh do I don't have segment alerts on?
Oh I don't.
Let's see if I can turn those on.
Anybody has a segment they'd particularly like to see?
You can use your channel points to request them but I do believe I have them off currently?
Yeah here we go.
Nice.
In the meantime, EvilPapito doesn't have a mustache.
Oh yeah you do kind of have a mustache.
Yeah I just came in when I was a teen and I thought it looked good so I never shaved it.
When were you a teen?
I was about two months old.
Oh.
Time to check Papitos for worms?
Specifically the same one buried in RFK Junior's head?
Met those worms I like those guys.
You've met RFK's head worms?
I eat a lot of worms when I'm eating them.
I don't eat RFK's brain worms.
Why?
They're tasty and they massage my brain.
You don't, you kind of get a brain massage that's why you're so stressed out all the
time Case.
Because you're not getting enough brain massages from the worms.
Dog ears are weird that's true.
Well hey we got a request for the streets so well first we'll do a debate.
Well I would have sent it to the streets.
Every 15 minutes you can request a segment so if anybody has a particular one they
want to see the next time that alert is active you can send it wherever you'd like from the
various bizarro options.
For now let's send it to the streets.
Trip is probably standing by.
Probably standing by it's a god damn guarantee that trippy bees out here on these streets.
How's it going everybody?
Thanks for sending it my way and if you've got an opinion today exclamation point trip
right there is how you send it to me.
Type it in the chat exclamation point trip then any opinion you've got maybe you've
got an opinion on dogs and who owns them and if it's a conspiracy somehow that the guy who
clearly owns a dog owns a different dog or maybe you've got a thought on anything that they
discussed on Case's little call me show.
Cast them?
No it's cast them right?
You know whatever.
Aliens is something?
You get it.
Anyway exclamation point trip is how you fill up my hot opinion jar here with your hottest
opinion.
And while we're setting that up I'll just double check who is out here today all over these
streets.
Okay great looks like we've got a...
Buy Kendall a cat.
Me.
Kendall do you want a cat?
He does want a cat.
Come here and tell me what kind of cat you want while I wait for opinions.
You don't want to?
Yeah come over here let's talk about what kind of cat you want.
I'll do a rare interview from this angle.
Non... oh wait no I want a hypoallergenic one.
A hypoallergenic cat.
Yeah but if I'm allergic to them that's fine too.
Preferably one that's cross-eyed.
You want a cross-eyed hypoallergenic cat or any cat?
It seemed to be what I was picking up from there.
So your options are hypoallergenic cross-eyed or any cat.
That's pretty open.
A cat named Disney Universal?
He doesn't like that name.
I'll do a quick flash poll because maybe this will solve it for you Kendall.
What should Kendall name her cat?
Assuming in case it gets off his lazy ass and gets her one.
Exclamation point O is how you fill that out and once it's filled out exclamation point
1 through 5 is how you vote for the options.
We've got an opinion waiting that we'll get to in just a second.
Do you have any names in mind Kendall?
Nothing.
Cat doll exclamation point 1.
Case could get confusing but I support it.
Tony Macaroni.
It's actually pretty good.
Gatorade is 5.
Glenn is number 4.
Exclamation point 1 through 5 is how you vote for those.
Number 1's Cat doll number 2's case number 3 is Tony Macaroni.
Number 4 is Glenn and number 5 of course is Gatorade.
Any favorites there Kendall?
No those are the options we've got now.
You can't have Tony Macaroni.
Why not Tony Macaroni?
Because your dog was named Macaroni.
The dog was just named Roni.
Yeah off of Macaroni that's what you told me.
No off of Ricearoni.
Oh no!
So it's totally different if it's Macaroni.
You could also call it Tony Mac.
You know there's a lot of options there.
Oh my gosh.
It's a tie.
It was a tie between Tony Macaroni and...
Did you see what the other one was?
Whatever was under Tony Macaroni.
Uh... Glenn?
Well that was a Gatorade.
I think it might have been Gatorade.
Glenn. It was Glenn.
So between Glenn and Tony Macaroni.
Do you have a favorite between those two?
Probably Glenn.
I want you to think about your old dog at your ex.
Okay so just Glenn.
Yeah.
Just get to think about her.
Okay.
I think you'd be thinking more of the dog though.
Just so you know.
Okay.
Well, do you want to be here for this next interview Kendall?
No.
She's out of here I guess.
Back off the streets.
Sir Glenn.
Well a cat named Glenn.
Alright let's see who else is out here today.
I see someone coming in hot with a fresh and spicy opinion.
You there sir.
What do you got for me? It's Trippy Bee.
Just wanted to say I know it's a politically divided climate.
But...
Republicans do not know how to dance.
Um...
How do you know?
I am Republican and I just can't do it.
Oh that's like a self burn?
Not only are you Republican you don't know how to dance.
Hey don't!
Look.
People are too divided by political lines nowadays.
I'm saying I am admitting Republicans don't know how to dance.
But people should judge people more by how they behave in life.
And you know.
The more abstract political views.
Yeah ultimately I kind of agree with what would be considered conservative policies.
But that plus I can dance doesn't mean I'm a bad guy.
That's actually I guess that's fair.
I do think it's healthier to judge people more so by their actions in life than...
Potentially their political views.
Although sometimes people's political views align with their actions in life.
Okay yeah that's fair but my point is that we can't dance.
And I'm not a bad guy because I can't dance.
I'm a bad guy because I'm a dealing from hell.
And I trap people in my rose brain.
In my little rose skulls.
What?
Each rose skull around me and the balloons on it represent a soul that I stole.
That's one of my conservative values is I steal souls.
I don't think that's a conservative value.
So I'm just a little prism.
This is me dancing.
That's mostly how I dance.
Well you did mostly scream and wave your hands around.
Yeah I just don't. I don't really get how to do it.
I think it might be more because you're a demon from hell.
Just so you know.
Alright well that's fair man. That's fair.
That's why we come to you to sort of hash this stuff out.
And I do appreciate that man.
I'm actually I'm a big fan.
Big fan right here.
Alright.
Mmm...
Two more opinions coming in.
That was from a demon from hell.
That's conservative and can't dance.
I do think it's a little unfair to say that no conservatives can dance.
I think a lot of celebrities are conservatives.
Some celebrities are famous.
You know in part because they can dance.
Maybe I'm making assumptions now too.
Okay let's see.
Oh we got another person.
Alright this is an interesting look.
Yes you there. You've got an opinion for me.
I'm trippy bee.
Hi there.
Hi there. I've got a tip for you.
This is on the low but dogs are actually
uh...
lizard people with pet kink.
Cats on the other hand are people who
need to save all the cats because they're being enslaved
by the Grand Overlord known as Kevin.
That's all I can divulge at this time.
I have a doctor's appointment and I need to go so no further questions at this time.
I do have questions.
Sir!
Ma'am! Cat!
They're not coming down.
I'm not coming down.
They're not coming back.
They're not coming back.
Right out of here.
Blue straight up in and out.
Okay.
Well you know I figured we might touch some nerves by bringing up cats and dogs.
That's a classic debate.
Some people love them. Some people hate them.
Some people just fucking hate both.
Those usually are animal abusers.
Which I'm not in support of.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say I'm not in support of that.
Looks like we have another one coming in.
He's a sir?
You got a bidding for me?
I am Trippy Bee.
Oh.
Hey Tramp. I'm on JD Van's Dog.
My owner
is such a good man.
Oh boy.
Quite a look from his animal.
Yeah.
He really loves America.
So much.
So much.
So that he would...
He loves it so much you would fuck a couch or a dolphin.
What?
Impregnating it.
Bringing it to term taking care of the demon spawn.
Like it's his natural kids.
What?
My question is why does Tim Waltht hate me?
When I got a good owner
who would fuck anything.
Sorry.
Your argument is Tim Waltht
would fuck a couch or a dolphin.
If he impregnated it he'd bring it to term
and that makes him a good owner.
That makes him an American.
What do we believe in this country anymore?
Is my question...
Huh?
What?
What?
You fucked a thing and it made a monster.
You raised it.
Huh?
You know you'd fuck this sign that says trip
and it would make a half sign
half person
and you're just supposed to abandon that?
When does that happen?
He fucked a dog.
Okay, now you're just slanderizing.
A public figure.
I don't think I can spread this kind of misinformation.
Who's Spispr...
Look, he made me and he raised me
and he's my dad owner.
Um, that's not a good combination of words.
He's my dad owner
and I'm proud of him.
I love you too, me.
Wait, Tim? Oh.
Tim Waltht did sort of...
He stepped in as a surrogate father for me
and I'm really busy.
I don't see him that much anymore but...
But you know, Tim takes care of me but he doesn't make him
and my dad.
Okay, I have no further questions.
What?
I just, you know, I don't know.
It's gotten too weird for me.
I'm JD Vance's dog.
Okay.
Okay.
What?
Alright, that's fine.
What?
Okay, here's my question. How come you're a full-sized man?
I'm part JD Vance!
Alright, well, I can't get a drink.
I can't go inside buildings.
I'm addicted to parks and being outside.
Well, that's fair, that makes sense.
Okay.
I'm a big fan!
Look, the opinions of the strange dog people
that come up on the street don't represent
the opinions of at least me.
They might represent Case's opinions.
I can't speak for him.
I'll slander Case, but they don't represent
Case's opinions, just so you know.
I've been in enough legal trouble because of
the accidental nudity
I do in this park when I'm simply
trying to bathe in the pond.
Peter Wiseman.
Case is one of the few people that makes you laugh out loud.
Well, he's got that
dumb fucking face that pisses me off.
And sometimes that makes me laugh too.
Let's see who else is out here today.
We've got a few more opinions.
Two hot opinions left to get through.
I do think Case
told me, I said
Case whispered in my ear and he did it
from way too far away, I couldn't hear him.
But word on the street is that he might be doing
a slightly shorter stream today, so we might do this
and then another segment and then have to call it.
Because Case needs to go by Kendall a cat
and it's gonna get too late.
The cat mill will be closed.
He probably won't buy him a cat.
Because he's just not cool enough.
Alright, oh boy.
What's this guy's deal?
You got an opinion from me? I am still Trippy B.
Ah, a drought.
Oh, jeez.
It's Johnny Greenbane's.
I was watching earlier and I wanted to share
I was eating rhubarb pie.
What's that? I was eating rhubarb pie one night
when an alien appeared out of nowhere
across the street.
Sorry, your name's Johnny Greenbane's.
Keep up, Tripp.
I already said that. I'm Johnny Greenbane's.
Listen, I was eating rhubarb pie.
Okay, I'm tracking. And an alien came out of nowhere
and he ran across the street.
He turned to me and he's flashing his red beady eyes.
Right in my face!
Right in my fucking face, Tripp.
Alright, look.
Red beady eyes smiled.
We smoked coming out of his eyes and he yelled,
Oh, you want to know that?
That's how he sounded. Almost on Scottish.
Oh, you want to know that?
What the fuck?
It was fucking terrifying.
That does sound scary.
I'm gonna eat a rhubarb pie, man.
Laying it out on the street.
Why are you eating rhubarb pie alone on the street?
Oh, fuck it, why?
I made the pie.
I made the pie.
Don't think my wife made it.
That's sexist.
I didn't think of anything.
Don't I make the pies in the house?
And she kicked me out.
That fucking alien screamed at me.
Anyway, we made up, dude.
She's incredible. She's the love of my life.
I apologize.
I'm just getting screaming at her while I made the pie.
Well, that sounds okay.
I'm piecing it together and it sounds like you
maybe weren't being the best partner.
I got that now.
I shouldn't scream at her when I make the pies.
I just get so fucking mad.
It takes forever. They're fucking boring to make.
I hate my hobby.
Then don't make pies.
I fucking like pies, though.
Shit sucks.
I like aliens, too. And then they freak me the fuck out.
I've been told I'm an angry person.
You do seem just mad, Johnny Greenbeams.
You got any fucking better hop?
Can you do a flashball for- No, we've done enough flash-
Flashballs.
I refuse to figure out what your new hobby should be.
Please do a flashball for me?
No.
Well, we need to save that for more relevant questions,
Johnny Greenbeams. Just get into skateboarding.
Oh! No, I already did that.
Fucking broke my back!
What?
I snapped my spine on his board, dude.
I tried to do an ollie.
Back first on the- Oh, hell yes!
Thank you! Oh, man!
Exclamation point O is how you fill out Johnny Greenbeams' hobby.
I did an ollie, dude.
The board landed on the ground and it stood straight up.
Straight up!
And I fucking fell onto it.
I felled the ollie.
I went really high. The board was sticking straight on the ground.
I snapped my spine into it.
I was- I fucking- I broke it perfectly, though.
They were- they could sew it back together.
And I had no long-term damage.
All right.
Well, estimation point one through five.
Your options are eating honey crisps,
gaming, gooning, eating hard pies,
and skateboarding, bro.
I already did skateboarding!
Please don't make me do it again!
Um...
You can just decide to do things on your own, Johnny Greenbeams.
I don't trust myself anymore!
I'm so angry!
You just need therapy.
You need therapy. We're gonna go to the movies later.
Maybe just chill out and watch a movie.
Oh, that's not an option!
Oh my god, I'm gonna have to skateboard again!
You don't have to do it-
Oh! Please!
Oh, fuck!
Oh my god, I can't believe this!
Sad music only played for a second there.
Oh, fuck.
All right.
I guess I'll skateboard out of here.
I do carry it with me. Why?
In case.
All right, I'm a big fucking fan, man.
Oh, shit!
Jesus, man!
I tried to catch him.
I tried to catch him and I slipped.
Why did he try to skateboard out of here? He wasn't ready.
God damn!
People are being crazy on these streets today.
We got three more opinions.
Let me gotta get to the movies.
I can't actually close the opinions.
Nobody's there.
Because it breaks the whole thing.
But just now, I might not be able to do these next three.
However, if you type in X-MationpointTrip,
it might hold it until the next fan.
I don't know. I didn't make the thing.
Whatever happens, it's Casey's fault.
Not mine.
All right, who else is out here?
Three more hot opinions coming my way.
The streets are crazy. It's these night streets.
I have a filter on the camera
to make it look like it's morning all the time.
If anybody's been wondering.
Either that or I pre-recorded. I can't remember.
All right, who's this young fellow approaching me?
Back by popular demand.
It's Miles Taylor from Miles in Transit.
Last week I celebrated 2,000 subs
by taking the most pointless round-trip
around Staten Island and Hoboken.
I bet you don't even last-
I bet you don't even last trying
to take the LA Metro everywhere.
Hehehehehehehehe
haha
Nobody can ride the trains like me.
Well, hello Miles. I'm a big fan of your of your YouTube actually. Yeah, I mean I like it. I find it comforting
Watch the guy drive, you know
Just enjoy something simple in this world like public transit celebrate a public good for once
I find what you do heartwarming and
You're following your passions, and I think that's beautiful
Well good work man, you don't want to challenge me what?
Boss challenge you to bus
You don't want to challenge me to bus no one's ever been nice to me
That's people are nice to you in your video. You have like tons of fans. I consider them my enemies
That's a little crazy. My sexuality is bus. That's correct uncle Phil. Oh
What you've given me a lot to think about
Perhaps I misjudged you
Why anyway, I just have seen your channel. I like it. I've got my eye on you. Okay
I'm a big fan. Oh, he's a fan, too. I guess there's only one way I can take it
I guess he fucks buses and he's not there anymore. So I can't
Sex bang bus that's a sex thing
But it's not a sex type
As far as I know
This sexuality is bang bus then I maybe take some of my compliments back
Just you know, I don't know if I super want like a huge bang bus fan
Going around
Not that I want a king shape
But you know
I'll just say don't try to recreate
The things you see on the bang bus in real life. I swear. It's not real. I've looked into it
They think they trick us all into thinking that things real. No
It's planned. I know I'm blowing your mind right now
Sometimes I have to report the hard facts. I'm yucking is young. I do feel bad for that. I
Guess he did say sexuality is boss not bang bus. So anyway, who knows who even knows anymore
Right
Let's see
This guy looks reasonable you there. Do you want to talk to me? I'm trippy B
Loopy loop twisty way. Oh great. I may be unable to ban you trip
But I'm making a news news segment dedicated to me banning people from the streets. It's not on this channel. I
Wouldn't be interested. It's on a separate TV channel. So stay tuned and
That's that
Stay tuned
Okay, then if you're done then we can that's it right
Stay tuned. Well, if it's on a different channel then go to that one
No, because you're also banned from this one. So okay, I get it. I'm banned but
Let's keep it moving
Stop being dismissive of me. I'm your name nemesis
your band
Have people are abusing the emotional music today. I
Don't care about your emotional music. I get it. I'm banned. Good day, sir. Don't stop this
Stop it. We're nemesis. Hey something trip
Please stand by
I'm starting my own channel where I'm buying people from
Yeah, get the fuck out of here. Okay. There it is. Yes. Yeah, no, I won't
Look just get out of here, please say it angrier get the fuck out of here. There we go. Yeah, I don't need that in my life, but I
Won't I am but I'm
Okay, I don't what is
I'm not as best nemesis
I'm not it
Now I'm considering my feelings on I refuse to have feelings on it. I refuse someone else come in here
I refuse to be emotional about it. You there bread man
Yes
You have any opinions for me. I'm trying to not consider if I have feelings for my nemesis
The internet is an assay to tea and should be free. I agree. There's very true
Which needed in the modern world and shouldn't go shimani
Even for Brad I
Sucks for me because I can't reset my router when it breaks because I'm bread
So be nice if it was free. It would be good if it's free. I mean I'm Brad
I can see that and so for me, it's real pain in my butt when my router breaks
I can't even press the button because I'm soft like I'm Brad. You're like bread. No, I mean I am
I'm so I like Brad because I'm Brad so
Also probably housing and health care and foods should be like all right, I agree
I'm a food. I know but I still need bread you eat bread. Yeah, I mean I still need bread. I am Brad
Bread exists by being cannibalistic. We can't exist without eating ourselves and our children
Have to eat my kids
live
Jesus
I'm Brad. I can yeah
I saw how to work
But also social justice
Hmm, I agree with the second part it on a great. I should eat my kids. I have to do you yeah
Thank you so much for the 300 hot
Listen up Jack keep the trash just Mama Jan 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
What a second Jack this guy is just Stalin reincarnated as bread
The president blown away by this second in which he realized that this guy is just Stalin reincarnated as bread. No, I'm
actually
The reincarnation of Carlos Mancia. He's still alive as me
that's
Gonna say that's worse really I just like that less
Okay, when
We've grown on something with desigran dollars trip nice. How did
What's your accent I'm having trouble placing it. It's a Brad accent
My bread son like this
Okay, well, we'll see you later bread. Thanks for all the updates. I'll be back for more bread updates
I'm your number one bread guy
bread
His name was bread. Why didn't he go to Brad?
The name and it sounds like bread his name was bread. I guess I shouldn't judge bread names
I'm not bread
Okay, let's talk to this guy
We got one more opinion here
Then I think I probably gotta move on but let's see what this fellow has to say
Bangbush operator here
Hello, and we banned Papito from the bangbush
We usually have snacks for the
guests
What Papito ate all the cheese snacks and he went rabid for cheese
And it's hard enough driving this bus with all the banking going on
It's as real as maybe make a racket back there because the bus is for banking
My god, man, I
Wouldn't let a dog on my sex bus anyway. Excuse me. It's a bangbush
We accept all types of banking. I have pots and pans back there
Obviously, I have cots for sexual banging. I have
bangsings
What well if you want to get your hair cut to have bangs I
Had to branch out because
You know, I just wasn't bringing in the same money. I used to you're actually in the bangbush right now
What the fuck from this angle you're in it trip. I'm in the park. Yeah, but from this angle
This isn't the new interior here. Do you like it?
You're gonna do what bang would you like?
You can also accept bang energy. We do that too any bang thing I do now
I've aged not gracefully
It's harder to get people to have sex on my bus. I'm older now. I have kids
It hasn't been easy to try to transition out of having a bus for sex and
let people know that now my bus is also for specific hair styles banging pots and pans and
What should honestly be an illegal energy drink?
Well, that's your struggle man. I mean you probably could have gotten into any other industry
So that is a little on you. It's a hundred percent on me. I accept that
Do you want to have sex while I film it? I would really know it not at all
Well, I offered you two hundred dollars stop it
here lovely young
Don't make a glasses man. I'm an old weird-looking man
I was fine. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, buddy. I'll let Papito know that he shouldn't go on your bus
I agree with you. I don't want him on there. Okay
There are any other bang activities any activities that start with bang. I don't want to do your job for you
Okay, well, I didn't even a shot. I'm always looking to branch out
Streets are crazy today. The streets are as tough as ever
But that's the lifestyle I've chosen I didn't choose this life. It chose me on a street man
I talked to Bing bus operators and ghosts and you know breads and that's just how it is on the streets
You'd understand if you were out here
Gunshade the first I don't know why your opinion wasn't oh it was never mind my think grows never mind
We're all good actually we're out of opinions
My chats were a mile behind and I was seeing them all right. We'll be back soon enough
I never leave these streets. In fact, I'm on them right now and plan to stay here forever because I am trip Bradstein
I may have worms in my brain, but if I do then it's it's all good for me
Brains and brains are just baits for worms is what I always say. I'm trip Bradstein and I'll see you all soon. Bye. Bye
I don't like this
Brain worm trend going on here people need to stop eating so many brain worm foods. I
don't
Like how many brain diseases?
My crew is getting and I know that's controversial
Try to fix one thing real quick
scissor me any daddy ass. Oh, yeah, I watched
Most of the AWP preview that's right pretty great. It's a pretty good one. I
Feel like my wrestling intake has done as extensively
That that pay-per-view gets the case black wall recommendation
All in you
From Wimbly
Okay, let's send it to
the movies
Then we might get out of here for the day
So that I can eat
Probably should eat I guess
Anyway, here's Trent at the movies
Yes
Trailer frickin Mondays. I got a case of the trailer Mondays
That's a shit. I just made up
What should you do in addition to following and love bombing at Sabriqi ass
Psycho, that's a very open-ended poll
This is really a personal question for you chap
What should you do in addition to following and love bombing Sabriqi is love bombing a positive thing?
Anyway, it makes a point. Oh is how you fill that out
Maybe in this context is positive if it's being done by strangers. Maybe it's good
Maybe it's just always good. I like bombing love
Bombing love that sounds like a stand-up bombing at love eat corn meth watch bin tacos eat tacos
And get lewd with bread
I mean I get that sometimes breads what's around young blood. No, you don't need to use bread for that
Well, what if it's around?
Just what I don't know if it's around you need to think
Like in the movie American pot that movie was about overcoming your fears and having sex with pastries
I guess debatably you could say that's what that movie's about. Anyway, I'm like smage point one through five is how you vote for that
Looks like meth might be taking it which as a parole officer
I have some conflicted opinions about you have conflicted opinions about math
Well, just it being recommended, you know, I'm not in control of it, but I'd say probably don't do math
You're a parole officer. I think you should say definitely don't do math
Well, I try to be non-judgmental as well sort of practice radical non-judgmentalism
That's a thing. It's a new thing. It's called radical non-judgmentalism and
What one was in fact math, but I'm gonna say for me, please don't
And I'll say just don't do math dude. How am I?
How am I harsher on this than a cop? I'm not a cop. I'm a parole officer. You can become that in a weekend
I don't think that's true, dude. No, it's true. All right. Let's just watch trailers
I guess usually I feel like you're the one who says that but
You're kind of worrying me today. So I guess
I'll say we should watch it
Superman
the Christopher Reeve story
Isn't that just like calling it the Superman Superman story? Well to me he is the Superman
So kind of but I suspect this is the documentary. Let's see what's up. Everybody's looking for a hero. I am not a hero
That was a part I played the part I'm not that man
What he was down he was superman from day one
I realized that if I could pull off this part it would change my life
John Hausman said mr. Reeve is very important to become a serious classical actor unless of course
They offer you a load of money to do something else
He convinced me my first man of that he would fly
Doing things to my dad it was all about activity and action writing
Well, actually playing soccer skiing
My dad was very competitive and he didn't necessarily slow down
We said goodbye and he gave this wave
I think I make me feel sad. That was the last time I saw my feet
As he took a long nap
To grieve currently has no movement or spontaneous respiration Superman crazy just that simple little thing over the horse
I'd ruined my life and everybody else's I won't be able to ski
Sail throw up all the will won't be able to make love to Dana
Maybe we should let me go
She can flying in and she just yelled. I love you. I love you
And then she said the words saved my life
You're still you
And I love you and Robin were such good friends because they could match each other
Robin also had struggles that he dealt with his whole life
And I think that they both were aware
Geez, they're gonna kind of double the tragedies here fighting like crazy
When you find people who fight like that but still keep their humanity that gives you great hope
That is tough because I can feel him but he can't feel it
It must have been hell for my mom too knowing what she had lost
I felt I needed to do something not just for myself
But for everyone else in the same condition
The fact that Superman was in a wheelchair and was willing to go public with it was huge
Help is on the way the Christopher and Dana Reeve paralysis act
people are literally walking
because of him the hero my answer was that a hero is
Someone who commits a courageous action
Without considering the consequences
Now my definition is completely different. I think a hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure
In spite of overwhelming obstacles
Shit standing low I wouldn't have missed this for the world
Damn Nick Cage appearing in all sorts of Superman stuff
Yeah, he snuck in there. That's true. Well, you know that looks uh
Mostly heartwarming. I mean it seems like a pretty fucking layup feel-good story. I mean minus someone being
Paralysed well, but that's part of the feel good. Well, let's not judge it in that way
Let's not phrase it like that. Maybe young blood
So don't say it's the feel-good story of a guy getting paralyzed. No, it's the story of okay. Look it looks like it looks
Sweet and that looks nice
How did that bring up Jeremy Renner? I don't know super heroes or something. I
Mean what you know shit
Shit man. Yeah, man. I'm a what can I say but shit man shit? Yeah, man shit shit man
Damn burn agreement here dude shit. I mean shit man exactly do shit
Sometimes all you can say is like goddamn shit man. Yeah, dude shit shit man shit
Nice. Well, yeah, man. I give that like damn man shit out of shit. Yeah, dude
That looks like a damn dude shit man. God damn out of shit
But in a positive where BS in a positive. Oh, well top that dude
pop that
Cthulhu the musical
What the heck? This is a 37 second trailer for a live theatrical production. All right. Let's watch that then here we go
It's like puppet
But also Cthulhu
It's important. You do have to be important. All right. Well
puppet tears for fears calm
Get in the specific very specific plug that you get from this channel. I don't know anything about that
But it is coming summer 2024
Which actually is right now. That's true summer 2024 is
Currently and not much longer
I'm not in Portland. So I'm in an undisclosed theater somewhere in a place. That's true
Roadcraft reveal trailer
We're getting back to our roots of simulator travel. I was a kid. I couldn't
Well, this one looks like it might have a plot
This is some type of simulator thing, but this time with the plot
Let's see what the deal is when I was a kid
I couldn't wait to leave this town behind
But what's that saying man plans and God laughs? He must have had a good one on my account
The water receded it carried away everything we ever had it also gave me a reason to stay
Truth is we can't stop what's coming the important thing is that we rebuild. Oh now we're getting somewhere. Oh
Hell yes. Are these all vehicles I can pilot I
Can finally lift fucking broken storage containers the dream
Shit I can drive it slow moving. I can get stuck in a fucking swap and get myself out
Using a
Water gravel truck I
Can steamroll roads and shit I
Can make hungry
Piping we construct a whole city
Roadcraft is the sequel to starcraft. We never knew we needed
And I've been waiting for fucking starcraft 3 for a while
It's weird that they went that angle with starcraft the starcraft series that they went more with a local
Contemporary construction angle, but it looks good. Yeah, man. I look that should look I love starcraft
Well, you know, you don't need to tie to that particular franchise, but if you'd like simulator games
2025 wish list it now
It's kind of a cool concept
I'll be real I've played those games and I played them as well
Yeah, we've somehow both Chris and I have played the simulator series games and they actually were more fun than I expected
So I am now pumped
Well, there you go sub gold after puffy bear is roadcraft 2025
Roadcraft the roadcraft international championships
Bring fucking all the all the Korean roadcraft pros out of retirement
To see who's finally the best I
Would watch that even though what you said didn't make sense. I would watch it
I'd also like to point out and this is this is Chris's complaint corner
Somehow the last stream where we showed the megalopolis trailer the trailer got flagged for copyright
That's cuz you're fucking dude. You were being irresponsible. You were playing the megalopolis trailer. That's a copyrighted trailer
But why does that trailer copyrighted? I don't make the rules here, Chris, but you could be more responsible
I
Just mean I feel like I did my due diligence. It's a trailer intended for promotion. Well, but it was copyrighted. So that's on you
Anyway, if you ever watch the YouTube bag, it should not be trimmed out
The trailer had AI critic reviews. I guess maybe they're just like we don't want people to see this one
So we copy boy and his dog official trailer. I've had too many emotions today. I don't need more emotions
The art of eight limbs. All right, this looks promising
The art of eight limbs, I've always wondered how to get more limbs. Let's find out this is tea. Ha a
major arms dealer
Eight arms, maybe
He also runs an elite martial arts academy
Each year he holds an exclusive tournament
Tia is in possession of the X nerve gas and he plans to use the tournament as a cover for an auction
This is what we'd like you to bring in an eight arms auction
It can automatically detect trace amounts of chemical weapons
We'd like you to deliver that to our contact at the academy
You're gonna fly me halfway around the world to a legendary martial arts tournament. Yeah, we're watch to fight. That's the mission
Welcome to the Golden Tiger tournament of a
We look forward to seeing you fight
Do you take his watch off him quick?
Lies are on the line here. I need your help me
I would hate to get on your bad side. This is not going to play him. I'm a wants to extract you
What about caught?
Don't be I didn't see eight limbs. I guess combined there were many limbs actually
There weren't like eight limbs on each individual, but if you add up the limbs and there were at least eight
That's true in combination. They had probably even more than eight. No, it's just eight actually
Okay
If I had a fucking penny for every time
Someone gave me a watch and said go fight in it to the death kickboxing tournament
Dude, I'd have like a diamond or some shit
What from a producer dude, that is one of my favorite producers is a producer
So that's like really good point card gang I do need to see that I
Do love a producer and that one had what it probably had more than one honestly
Yeah, I don't know what Trent was even going for there, but you know, he says stuff
Eight limbs or die trying the American story dude
That'd be beautiful of 50 cent made a sequel to get Richard die trying called eight limbs or die trying
That would be something dude. I'm just saying like maybe he's a viewer
Maybe somehow 50 cents of you or this channel. I'm just saying dude
Like maybe collab with these guys eight limbs or die trying
Eight limbs in a duffel bag that is like because why is it gotta be a head dude?
Like you cut off any living that shit's fucked up actually so
Eight limbs in a duffel bag in a sense is even more twisted because they're like a lava there without a limb
Human sent to eight limbs or die trying. Okay. Now. You're just now you're just combining too many things
All right
Well, you know sometimes you just push the limits and you go too far and I'm not I'm not ashamed to do that
And I'm never ashamed to do anything actually because we're fucking watching trailers here and you know what it is
All right, I'll see you next time
Okay, I think that'll do us for today
Technically I've only been streaming for a little over an hour, but I've also been streaming for three hours
Which for me is like a marathon
Let's see who's on I
can read
These are Gina ours right Gina's not on
Radmire sure
It's like I might not even follow Radmire, but I love to do a new raid I
Guess I can do my due diligence and make sure they're not streaming, you know
JD Vance porn
Yeah more like raid Meyer exactly
Ooh, they're playing
Swator
Some Star Wars going on let's send let's send you the Radmire way. It's cat o'clock
Well, I'm sleazy. Thank you so much for all the master modding as always
Thanks for hanging out. Yeah, whether it was on the cast stream or here
I think I should be on tomorrow usually I'm on in the afternoon, so I should be on
sometime afternoon
One of these days I'll get on a consistent schedule, but that day probably won't be this week
Say how to Radmire for me. It's just a case raid. It's a classic case raid. What is SWT OR stand for?
Isn't it nights? I thought it was nights of the old getting my games confused Star Wars
tickle. Oh
Really?
Star Wars team of Republicans
Star Wars nights of the old Republic shouldn't there be a K in there then?
Shouldn't be like
Oh
Just the old Republic Star Wars the old Republic that does make more sense or
team of Republicans
Okay, I'll say hi to Radmire for me
and have a great night everybody. I'll see you later this week and
If you got any voicemails for Cass I'm gonna I think I might force us to start with voicemails next week
But the line is always open for voicemails in case you want any voicemails for next week
My plan to make cast and do voicemails. Okay. Bye everybody. Have a good one
That'll do it
Okay