I'm Pupito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm here to support Crumb, I'm ready to crean for Crumb just like he did all in me.
Woo-wow-woo-woah-woah-woah-crum-daddy.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do this!
I'm Pupito!
Yeah, hello everyone.
Oh yeah, that's how hair is supposed to look.
Good to see everybody.
Hope you're having a lovely Friday.
It's the weekend more or less, but not for everyone.
For some people, they're in deep legal trouble and it's time for them to face justice.
Some would say it's long overdue.
Crumb, are you standing by?
I'm not concerned honestly.
Everyone can chill the fuck out.
It's a simple trial with honestly slightly unclear what I'm even on trial for.
I thought you were being sued.
Yeah, but under what pretense I guess would be the question.
But look, here's the deal.
I'm gonna head down to the courtroom and just check.
Unfortunately, it's right next to the studio.
That's shocking.
Well, we're centrally located, so.
You...
I'm told that they weren't able to find jurors in time.
What?
Yeah, they weren't able to find jurors, so you guys are apparently the jurors.
So please just be kind.
You're not allowed to do that to the jurors.
Look, I just want to tell the jurors I didn't do it.
We might not have time for any of these segments today.
I'll be honest with you guys.
We're starting extremely late.
For some reason, as usual, my ability to turn things off is broken,
but we will get to whatever you requested on Friday.
Although my god, we have so many games that we're backed up on.
I guess.
Also, I'm told that the court has lots of technical difficulties,
so there's a chance things won't work at all.
Who told you that?
Inside track, you know, as a reporter, sometimes you hear things.
Rod in prison for 90 streams?
Just one of the jurors because they seem, the trial isn't even started.
You're supposed to keep an open, a wide open mind.
Reach in, spread that mind wide open.
With two fingers, whatever size mind hole you just open your,
keep your mind open is what I'm saying.
You had a Trent at the movie's request that's not present.
It is.
It's right there.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
But yeah, we probably won't be able to do it until Monday.
Unless you did two.
I don't know.
You should know.
Whatever.
But for the mind, yeah, is that what you're suggesting?
Let's just start this thing.
Frankly, the trial was delayed until late on a Friday.
I feel like I'm already being persecuted against simply by this
trial time being extremely inconvenient.
Look, the court's busy there.
They see people when they see people.
It's nightish court.
Okay, I have no idea how this will work, guys.
You know, sometimes the lawyers are working up until the final hour
to get their case together.
So let's find out together.
It's time to send it to the court.
Okay, everyone.
I'm also the judge.
While I was, the reason this took so long to start is I was getting my judges license.
It's kind of like a marriage license.
You can actually do it online now.
Surprisingly easy.
I'm a federal judge now.
But today I'm just doing local court stuff.
Nobody's in the, nobody's even here yet.
Yeah, you know, I got a lot of, I got a lot of talents, honestly, everyone.
Judge, jury and execution, you're actually the jury.
Didn't have time to sort out the jury stuff.
Here's how this will work.
You can submit defensive claims by typing exclamation point, defend.
And they certainly will consider it are to crack legal minds that are assembled
to defend and prosecution that is.
And it will reset occasionally.
I believe we're starting with, who are we starting with?
Let's find out.
Defense!
We're starting with the defense today.
That's how normal court stuff works.
Crumb, you allow your lawyer to talk for you, I assume.
That's why you hired him?
Well, I don't think he's going to talk until he has something important to say.
Can you, can you introduce yourself?
My name is Cleetance Mudbutter, civil defense attorney.
Everyone deserves fair representation.
That's right.
I got one of the most powerful legal minds in the business.
Cleetance Mudbottom, a defensive mind, honestly.
My name is Cleetance Mudbutter, civil defense attorney.
Everyone deserves fair representation.
Okay. Good to know, I guess.
We also have the prosecution here if you want to introduce yourself, even though it's not your turn yet.
My name is Rock Justice, maximum prosecutor.
Okay.
You can also object, if you want, I believe.
I believe that the prosecution can object roughly every two minutes if they feel like it, that is.
So anyway, that's how this is supposed, that's how this supposedly works, everyone.
Supposedly that's the way all of this works, but we'll find out together if any of it does.
There could be quite a few claims to get to, or almost none at all.
But the first question for the defense is, who is your first witness?
My name is Cleetance Mudbutter, civil defense attorney.
Everyone deserves fair representation.
You've said that. We do understand that.
Who is the next witness? Is the question.
Crumb, allow your lawyer to talk for you, please. You're being insane.
So far, the options are Kendall, Mancini Smooth, Genital Slit, Belulia, and honestly TBD.
Vote now.
And Kendall again.
Gotta love it when the same option is on there twice. Not sure if that's sabotage or what.
I'll be honest, we probably can't get Kendall. Just so you guys know.
Yes, so you know.
I don't think she's available, but we'll definitely find a Kendall somewhere out there.
Objection!
Crime is not mentally fit to stand trial.
You're not supposed to object during your...
It's a little worrisome. I think the objection button.
Already not necessarily working how it's supposed to.
Let me see. Really quick.
Mr. Mudbottom, you're objecting to your own defense.
My name is Cleetance Mudbutter, civil defense attorney.
We understand.
Everyone deserves fair representation.
Okay, that's fine.
That's fine.
You know that was working earlier.
I swear to God that was working earlier.
One could swear.
Supposedly. I mean, you know what?
We'll just see.
Only the best lawyer. Maybe he'll be objecting to his own claims.
It's certainly a possibility.
I'm gonna really quickly just...
I'm gonna make a thing really quick just to set that to the correct thing manually.
In case you're wondering why I'm staring blankly into space,
there could be a little bit of fixing to do on occasion here.
Oh, I see the problem. Do I see the problem?
Oh my God.
Some could say I made this whole situation over here.
Sir, there's no time for you to object to your own claim.
Object the fiction of this madness.
Sir, Mr. Mudbottom, Esquire,
I demand quorum as a legal rep...
as the legal judge and binding is such.
As you can see, I learned all the terms.
So, don't even think for one second.
Okay, what did the...
That should be working.
I think we need to have a meeting in your chambers.
Look, I don't have time for that right now, okay?
There's simply no time.
Okay, maybe it'll work now. We'll find out together.
Hypothetically, it should be working.
Jeez.
What the fuck?
There we go.
I object to objectifying my objection.
That is sustained and the quorum honestly do better.
Shouldn't you be addressing my quorum?
I will hold you in contempt of...
How are you a judge? I told you already.
Demarits for not paying attention.
Are you just gonna let this happen?
Okay, well look, who is our first...
Who won? Who is even the first person?
I will do the remembering of who the first person is here.
Objection!
What's your objection? Rock?
Moon. Moon. Moon.
Noted and sustained. How is that...
Nothing? Nothing, Cleadence.
Shhh, crumb.
It's not that big of a deal. It's just lawyer stuff.
Gotta calm down.
Okay, up to the stand first.
We are...
Okay, objection!
Oh, are you objecting to who we're bringing up first?
So we're supposed to objectify crumb.
Ah, correct. Sustained. Great, nothing.
Looks like Kendall is available. The Kendall that we could find is available and currently on the stand.
So we can begin cross-examination.
You can just remain quiet until the lawyer asks you a question.
Oh wait, sorry. Do you want your rights?
Yeah, I will take my rights. My name's Kendall. I'm a surfing banana.
I don't have any questions for you. And you accept your rights?
Oh, you're really good at being a judge. Thank you. I'm swearing you in.
That's you who does that? Yeah, yeah, that's me.
Okay. Well, anyway.
Gunshade to first.
Fortunately, that's a little bit backwards.
Let me fix that.
We'll go ahead and try to fix that really quick.
Objection!
Yes?
Crumb never even started a regional conflict, so there really isn't evidence to prove what he did was wrong.
Sustained. Sustained again.
How are you s- what is he objecting to? Didn't- it sounds like your thing already broke- shh, crumb.
We're gonna fix the- this is how the legal system works. Slowly, okay?
And yeah, sometimes there's issues.
But what makes us proud Americans is that we fix them together.
I'm the judge here. I will do the saying of words.
Everyone calm down.
Okay.
Objection!
Okay, what are you objecting to?
First, you are doing a good job, Judge.
Second, we the jury would like to ask for a gorilla to punch him again.
Sustained.
Um, absolutely sustained. Okay, let's see. Hopefully this will just work as intended now.
Defense, you can begin your statements.
Sack or?
Son of a bitch. Okay.
We're gonna go with this now.
Alright, let's try this one more time.
At least Crumb never started a regional conflict.
Okay, now we're talking.
Is the- is the jur- is the witness supposed to respond to that or what is even happening?
Um, I do- as far as I know, Crumb never started a regional conflict.
Can you follow up to that? My lawyer?
If the gloves don't fit, this trial is bullshit.
I do- I do agree with that. That does sound pretty much right to me. Okay.
Crumb is a lover, not a fighter, but sometimes a batter.
Um, in my experience that is true.
I don't-
Yes?
The way the banana is surfing is going backwards.
Sustained banana? Um, please, wall in this courtroom.
Control your surfing. I do apologize for that.
I never- I learned to surf in an orphanage. I never learned to surf-
I never learned to surf professionally and I learned to surf backwards because I learned to surf in a banana orphanage.
This court is moved by his statements. And though your objection is sustained-
OBJECTION!
No glove, no love. Free the banana.
How is- what is happening? Crumb?
Um, thank you so much for saying that sustained. Uh, sustained from the witness sustained.
Uh, next statement, please. What's happening? Did it break?
Might have already broken.
Would appear.
Crumb is a mutant.
Crumb smells like spoiled milk.
Innocent people don't smell like that.
Okay, I don't- sorry, we're losing-
OBJECTION! The sad music was not warranted or deserved.
Okay, that is sustained actually. I do feel like you were emotionally manipulating the court.
Little banana? Kendall banana? So we will strike that from the record.
Okay, I do apologize. I didn't make all that up. That's good. You guys caught that?
I made all that up. I'm not an orphan.
Honestly, good job. Good job everyone.
Okay, defense, do you have anything to say?
Skymer, thank you so much for the 40 months.
Uh, we sincerely appreciate it. Defense, do you have any- I don't know.
My client has nothing to do with this peen.ui nonsense. He only pees on you.
Okay, I'm honestly- I was hired by him to be a lead programmer.
I was hired specifically by Crumb. I will say that.
I do not have programming experience and I did find it- I found myself honestly to be a slightly-
I gonna sold myself.
Mudbottom, for the love of God please. That was the first question about the topic at hand.
Is it even clear what I'm being- what I'm in here for? What am I even on trial for?
You're being sued by peen.ui. I thought that was extremely clear.
Okay? For both infringing on their IP and for, um, I think just like annoying the shit out of them.
Which you can be sued for actually. It's a new-
UBJECTION!
Yes?
My client was not aware the quality of his hand game was directly tied to the financial well-being of peen.ui.
Oh, interesting. Um, sustained.
Mudbottom, for the love of God please. You have to fight back on this stuff.
Or we're- we're absolute- I'm fucked!
For the love of God Mudbottom!
My client pleased insanity. He was in hell for quite a long time and worked at the hell DMV.
I am- I have it on good record. I also have been to hell.
Uh, most talking objects have been to hell. So I can confirm that that is true.
OBJECTION!
Oh, that seemed like it was good for you, but you're objecting. That's- alright, fair enough.
Be right back. I have to poop.
Okay, sustained. You are allowed to do that. Um, come back at your leisure and we will continue the- continue the trial in the meantime.
Defensive, you have any more questions for the witness? Anything at all? You know what? I just realized what's happening here.
And I do think I can fix it.
Aren't you part of a bunch? Where was your brother on Sunday the 17th at 8 p.m.? And your other brother?
Sorry, you've been pre-adapted too.
And your other brother?
I do not want to be subjected to stoning. I object this objecting.
You object to- you're the one who objected. So, just so you know, defense, do you have any response to-
Your mom. Boom, got him.
Okay, actually sustained. Sustained prosecution. You will retract your statement and jury for- as is court custom, please forget what was just said.
The defense, you have anything else to say?
Objection!
Your Honor, Meen is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her third studio album Speak Now, 2010.
Big Machine Records released it to country radio in the United States as the album's third single on March 7, 2011.
Produced by Swift and Nathan Chapman, Meen is a six-string banjo-led country-country pop and bluegrass track that incorporates fiddles, mandolins, hand claps, and multi-tracked vocals.
In the lyrics, Swift addresses her detractors.
No, your mom.
Oh, sustained! Holy shit! I don't really track what, but three points to the defense, actually.
Jury, please note that I am giving him the three points, and that is just to influence you at the end of the trial.
Just so you know. The defense, do you have any other statements?
Can we take a recess? I want to play tether ball and smack that bad boy so hard it flies to the moon. Yee-haw! I tell you what.
Sustained. We can, but after the trial, we'll do recess. We'll do recess games, but for now we do have to stick with the trial.
Your Honor, please don't look at the bottom of the court evidence, especially the evidence from live in Sleazy.
That's a great point. We should actually get some of the evidence out here while we can.
So let's bring out some of the evidence at this time.
And, witness, please review the evidence carefully and do be honest as you consider what it all means.
There's the button I was looking for. Okay. It's a little, it's being a judge is very complicated. I have a lot of stuff going on over here.
Okay, our court evidence TV is out here now. Our first piece of evidence is apparently just this picture of you, Crumb.
Can you confirm Crumb at this time instead of your lawyer talking that that is you?
Why do I even have a lawyer? I don't understand. Yes, that is me.
I've never equivocated on that. That is 100% me.
So, fine. And can you confirm also that this, and this is usually the prosecution doing this, but they don't feel like doing it right now.
The defense submitted this evidence actually, so that's why we're showing it.
Isn't that right? Mud bottom.
Listen up, Jack. I could go for a large Big Mac, not one of the Little Burger, snack for a dusty shack.
Mud bottom. You're fucking hanging me out to dry here for the love of God.
My client doesn't own a computer after his divorce. How can he be a mastermind of an online, peen-based empire?
Okay, that's an interesting point. I would just like to point out that this is the landing page apparently for peen.ui,
what we just saw was the landing page for peen-christ.ui. But this is the landing page for peen.ui.
It is a little different. So please note that, jury and witness.
What is the witnesses? I've never met this banana. That is insane to say.
You literally hired me to be your lead programmer despite me having no experience.
Convincing to me. Mud bottom, anything.
Now I may be just a simple country hyper-chicken, but I know when we're finger-lipped.
Mud bottom, are you giving up currently?
This guy sucks. Am I right?
Um, do you mean your own client? Mud bottom.
Objection!
Oh, thank God. Please object to that.
How can a banana surf? Wouldn't you slip on your own peel? Are you even a banana?
That's an interesting question. I'll admit that I'm not a banana.
I'm a guy who got too much Botox put in the top of my head. I have gangrene at the very tip of my scalp.
I am a guy. I'm a tiny guy who fucked up his whole body and face.
I pretend to be a banana because it's honestly just easier at this point for me.
Where's the paper trail?
Wait, in what context? Mud bottom.
You see, the thing is, actually I forgot what I was going to say, stagnant.
Well, little dimension never hurt anyone.
Fuck! Mud bottom!
Okay, well, let's swap to the prosecution at this time because, frankly, I feel like they've said all they can say to this particular witness.
I really don't understand why I'm even here. That's fair. But anyway, it's prosecution time.
Defant prosecution!
Okay, it's the prosecution story.
Prosecution, do you have any opening statements for this Kendall banana?
Crumb is clearly, utterly, undeniably guilty on all charges at this point.
We should only be discussing the severity of the public's stoning. He should be objected to.
Do you agree with that? I agree 100%
This guy just tried to pay me in handjobs.
Oh, I would remind the lawyer that you are technically supposed to be on Crumb's side, but pretty damning stuff. Prosecution, any follow-ups?
That jacket alone is a crime against fashion.
Okay, that's true. All of your jackets are terrible. Okay, actually, overruled.
As the judge, my objections must go sustained and I think all the jackets, frankly, look pretty cool. You're being kind of insane.
One time I left my tuna salad in the fridge at work. Right before lunch, I saw him eating tuna salad.
And I'm not sure it was mine, but when I went to get my tuna salad, it was gone.
Again?
That was mine. Damn. Crumb. He's a thief.
I'll accept some hand game and a plea deal.
Okay, wait. These objections are getting out of control.
Let me make one more fruitless attempt to fix whatever the fuck is going on here one second.
As I will not allow this court to become a bad court, okay, and that is an official legal term.
I refuse to allow this to become another court that sucks as the judge of this particular court.
So we will hold as we recess while staying in our seats for me to fix this particular issue, okay?
Everyone instantly calm down at this time, please.
Objection!
I fixed it.
Wu Tang is for the children. Sustained, actually. That's one of the first good points you've made.
Any counterstatement prosecution?
Did you use the funds from your time as a programmer for the defendant to pay for your current form as a surfing banana?
Sorry, you were objected to in the middle of your statement. Did you just bark?
Did you bark, Mudbottom? Why? Mudbottom, please. Stay on it, man.
Your Honor, I'd like to tell you about the time back in the great state of horror, Kansas, when I drove my old pickup and took a drive-in movie theater and saw the movie Hook starring Robin Williams.
If you think about the plot of Hook, isn't it basically what's happening in this trial? Woof.
Honestly sustained. I hadn't really thought of it like that before.
I'm sorry about the jacket statement, Your Honor. I was referring to Crumb's piss jacket.
That's fair. I understand. Both objections are sustained.
I'm gonna slightly slow down the pace of objections.
Oh, there's a two-second cooldown. That's what's happening. I forgot that I changed it to that for testing purposes. Okay.
It's back to a two-minute cooldown.
So, you know, look, we have more evidence to get through, everyone.
Please hold at this time for even more evidence.
Crumb, can you explain this? Can you explain this evidence right here?
You better make sure to tune in tonight or else.
I need to hear that again.
You better make sure to tune in tonight or else.
You better make sure to tune in tonight or else.
Defense, do you have any response to this particular piece of evidence?
My client only proposed to use pee as a substitute for water for AI data centers to help the environment.
Did he make a profit? Yes. Thank you.
Was it gross? Yes. Was it illegal? Absolutely not.
That's what I'm talking about, Mudbottom, for the love of God. More of that.
We have video footage of the defendant and one former mayor munchcut accepting bribes from the organization in question.
Okay. I actually do think we might have that piece of evidence available right here.
Mr. G's, you knock Crumb's head off and his wife, Belulia, will be all mine.
Pretty damning stuff. Technically not you in the video and the money sort of floated around a little crazily, but...
That evidence is part of the record. Defense, do you have any statement in response?
Your Honor, would we even be having a trial if we were talking about Madonna's pee?
Crumb won't release the Crumb Hell poster, including denying he ever went to hell.
Objection! Okay, objection.
Jesus Christ walks into a hotel. He hands the innkeeper three nails and he asks,
Can you put me up for the night?
Ah, sustained. What part of that was sustained? Sustained from me as well.
Thank you, witness. Sustained from the witness. The witness can do that?
Crumb looks guilty. And how you look is the most important thing there is.
Pretty great point, Defense. Any response?
My mustache tastes like my wife. Does that help our defense?
Sustained it does. Jury, please note that his mustache tastes like his wife.
And do consider that as you go to deliberations.
Your Honor, I would like to enter into evidence, Exhibit P.
You're in stained napkin with the handwritten note, people are going to pay money for this crap.
Um, let me just check our evidence and see if we actually have that evidence.
We don't have that evidence. We do have this evidence and it does look like Piss could be in the room.
So please consider this in response to that statement.
Defense, do you have anything to say to this?
Did any of you guys play that new Resident Evil 9 game?
Ooh, that Leon is a fine piece of man.
Sustained. There wasn't an objection. You showed evidence. What?
Do we have anything better than a 1997 CRT television?
I mean LCD monitors are like 30 bucks on Amazon.
We can't do better than this in 2026.
Are tariffs that much of an issue for this kangaroo court?
Um, interesting point. Defense, do you have anything to say to this?
I'd bought them. Come on.
Under article five, section three, part B, subsection two, part seven, subsection seven.
On paragraph three in the third sentence and fourth word, the word the is present,
which obviously indicates that, wait, what section was that?
Never mind. I retract my objection at this time.
Bitch for the love of God.
Crumb is a mutant.
Okay. Sustained. There's not an objection there. How is that sustained in what sense?
All evidence against my client is AI generated and therefore invalid.
Well, this is an AI, he's being on trial for some kind of AI bullshit he was doing though.
So rejected. I reject your stance permanently.
Crumb failed to pay off the appropriate authorities, so the fine he should be responsible for paying out should include his soul,
as monetary compensation will not be enough.
That seems fair. Jerry, I do ask that you consider that as we move forward with this aggressive prosecution.
Anything else?
Private investigators have uncovered a myriad of photo and video evidence linking Mr. Crumb to the trade theft.
Okay. Yeah, I forgot that we have a witness here.
Do we even have any questions for the witness or do I need to move on from this witness?
How can Crumb explain the fact his picture literally shows up in all nine of the Evil Dead movies in the versions of the Book of the Dead?
That seems true to me. I feel like that's spiritually true.
So, entered into the record actually. Entered into what record and by whom?
Like what honestly? Is it true Leonard that you owe to Gorilla thousands which you withheld payments to for month? Answer me.
For month? What do you mean? Also, I'm not on the stand currently, so I don't think I'm supposed to respond to that?
Yes, please don't respond from anywhere at any time. What do you mean by that?
Mudbottom, do you have anything to say here?
Your Honor, my client is an easily impressionable individual due to his years-long expose to Rennerton's water supply.
Therefore you can't prosecute him. He is merely a victim of environmental factors stemming from poor mayoral city management.
Okay, not rejected. That one does kind of make sense. Prosecution, you have any-
You can't fix this. Crumb is going down.
Okay, honestly a really good point.
Look at this clean shaven face. The smooth is the baby's bottom and Crumb would know.
These nuts. How's that for defense?
God damn, okay, now things are picking up. Prosecution, honestly. You just got wrecked and that is a legal term now.
Unfortunately you've been doing good, but that's the first time you pretty much got destroyed.
But your Honor, he looks guilty. Look at him. Get him in a prison cell already.
Okay, pretty good point as well. A lot of really good points flying around actually.
Did you have something you were going to say defense in response to that?
Did you have something really long to say?
Honestly, he was kind of cooking there. I mean I know you guys can't probably-
Most of you can't speak Spanish. Rejected all of us. Everyone in the courtroom can speak Spanish and we all understood him perfectly.
Is Kindle Banana edible?
Um, correct. But so are people technically.
So thank you for asking me a question. I was starting to wonder why I'm here. I do actually appreciate that.
I think we should be looking at the discord collected evidence too.
That's a fair point. We have barely looked at any of that evidence.
And I do appreciate the prosecution keeping me on track. Interesting that you weren't doing that defense.
Hey, that's not your job. Sorry, sorry.
Perhaps the laws of physics cease to exist on your stove. Perhaps the laws of physics cease to exist on your stove.
I'm finished with this guy.
Which, with the prosecution or with your own client?
We do have more evidence submitted at this time.
Krum, it would appear that this photo seems to show you with a peen.ui briefcase
paying a gorilla that I'm assuming is rock-a-fire gorilla.
Defense, do you have anything to say in response to this? Not even allegation. Straight up.
What evidence? I have something to say.
No, we didn't ask you, banana.
Okay, but...
Ladies and gentlemen of this alleged oath, I have one last thing I want you to consider.
This is Chewbacca. Chewbacca is a wookie of the Kashik planet.
But Chewbacca lives on the Endor planet. Now, think about it.
Objection!
That doesn't make sense.
Chewbacca lives on the Endor planet. They must absolve the defense of the rest.
Your Honor, a new trove of Epstein files just dropped and it showed Krum asking for money from Epstein for peen.ui.
No, you're my lawyer. You're my lawyer. For the love of God. Please, let him do that.
Anything to say in response to this?
What?
Okay, that... two points off for being copypasta, essentially.
So take your... that's going into the official record that you've just lost two points.
So deal with that prosecution. Yes?
Your Honor, not only was the world better off when Krum was dead, his corpse became a more popular correspondent.
I moved to return the gorilla to the courtroom and give the world back the husk, as this man's very sentience offends existence.
He's literally trying to say I should die? Is that... I don't think you can do that.
I plan to island and move Krum into defense position, then tap all my mana to play, not guilty.
Okay, that's a pretty strong move. Prosecution, you have anything to say in response to that?
Can we talk to the devil? I'm pretty sure he's behind some of this shit.
AI is a product of the devil and therefore is responsible for some of the decisions this bald asshole made.
Okay, actually that's sort of more on the defensive side, I think.
But sustained, the thing you said about AI, 100% true defense. Please, please, please mud bottom, please...
My client was framed by much. He was the one who secretly texted Krum about PNUI to see where it led to.
That's exactly what much would do.
Interesting.
Banana, is that true? Ah, yeah.
Okay. And how do you know that?
You're the judge, I'm gonna be you are asking me questions. I just like to clarify things as the judge.
Okay, um, I don't know, it just sounds right.
Interesting. Prosecution, you have any response to this troubling client?
All of the evidence so far has shown us Krum's crimes, and he hasn't had an answer for any of it.
Okay, interesting. There is a piece of evidence here in relation to that.
It appears to be an image if we can zoom and enhance, which we can't.
We cannot zoom and enhance. Wait, maybe we can do this.
It appears to be an image of Krum on the PNUI website with the PNU Christ.AI website open directly.
Objection!
Okay, but why?
That's Krum's hail room.
That's true. That is, um, that's my nasty pig room that I keep purely for...
My client claims his 19th Amendment right.
But mostly the claim that he hates women can vote now.
Technically you're not on trial for that, but that is really fucked up to say, Krum.
I made an off-color joke once. How long is that going to follow me around?
I'm glad those broads get to vote. I mean women.
I mean women. I was thinking of the joke which uses the word broad.
Yeah, can you not talk? You're being disrespectful to the banana.
I mean, I'm the one that's supposed to be getting asked questions here. I'm pretty sure.
Explain the rancid blanket that your client has repeatedly admitted he had sex with.
That's interesting. I believe you're referring to the nummy rag, is that correct?
And I play Pot of Greed, which lets me draw two cards from my deck and place them into my hand.
Interesting, okay. In that case you just unlocked even more Krum evidence.
Defense, can you explain this particular video?
Appears to be Krum inserting some kind of espionage-like device into a computer somewhere.
Prosecution, anything to say about this?
I would like the jury to review the evidence in regards to Krum's operation of a rare earth mineral strip mine.
Okay, pretty much unrelated to the evidence we just showed. Defense, do you have anything to say to that?
Me?
I think my pants just fell down. I forgot a belt again.
Okay. Neither of you followed up on that particularly diming evidence.
I guess it's stricken from the record, essentially. But this also just came down the evidence chute.
And as judges, my job to play it.
Sackman, what do you think of Krum?
What do I think of Krum? Oh, you mean soon to be barbecue over there?
Man's died more times than my phone battery and still hasn't figured out how to stay dead.
He's got a first class ticket straight to the hot place.
His wife can't keep his kids on the line either.
This is his number pop up and go ghost family reunions treat him like the plague.
And every dog on planet earth hates his guts. Nope. I don't like Krum. Rough, rough, easy boy. See?
Is this banana full size or is this some sort of nano banana?
Can we trust that it is itself, not in fact AI?
I'm more motion mapping than AI. What?
Yeah, I mean that's the Dunnilong technology. I'm more AR than AI.
But I mean AI is a broad term. It can't always apply to gender to AI.
Technically aspects of me are sort of AI related, but not every type of AI.
It's just shut up banana.
Oh, is that do I have to hear the judge?
Do you have any response defense to this unrelated video of a different court proceeding?
Or are you just going to skirt the damning evidence that we just showed?
How come much isn't on trial for bringing Krum back?
It's a separate trial. But honestly a pretty good point prosecution. Anything to say to that?
Can you tell us about the time you saw Krum break the water chip and then leave to join the slavers?
I don't even really quite know what that means, but we do also have this piece of evidence to submit at this time.
It's a cereal that costs $32.97. Says 100% microplastics.
It's got a warning on it that it will give you butt cancer.
And it says as its product line that it tastes like blunt, that burnt like burnt hair smells.
I can read. Strike my misspeak from the record.
My client is a degenerate gambler. Does he even have enough money to pay the LLC fees for paincrice.ai?
Is that a question to me? Because I doubt that he does. He never even paid me.
I'm just a banana that was looking for a job and you don't get the music every time.
I'm just a banana looking for a job. You don't get the news music either.
I mean my main point is I am looking to be hired.
Oh no no no no no.
Listen up Jack.
Scumber just mammajammed 300 shiny tasty coins and I have been dying to say this.
How the hell did I get here? Is that a surfing banana anyway?
I'm a surprise character witness for the defendant. His character is trash surprise.
Okay pretty damning surprise stuff there from the former president.
Who some people know with some people remember him being president.
I was going to say like them. I would judge so I have to remain impartial.
Prosecution do you have anything to say in response to this?
Okay very good point defense.
Can Pepito eat the banana already?
Pepito is not objection.
Okay your objection to your own statement.
Does your honor have a spare belt for a poor defense lawyer?
Nice beard by the way. Big fan.
Thank you. That's six points for saying that.
Let's get them all six of those points right away.
Keep track of the points by the way Jerry.
I refuse to keep track of the points as the judge.
It's not my responsibility.
Prosecution have anything in response to say how good my beard looks?
Just keep in mind that this is going into the record for sure.
Let's put this carrot over here anyway.
He's been giving me the eye the whole time.
Don't make me Julianne a bitch.
Okay no badgering the gallery please.
They are here. This is a spectator courtroom.
And they did pay to be here. We do charge ticket prices for this.
You got to be nice to them.
Be nice to them. Look at him. He's still being nice to you.
He's just patiently watching.
Your honor, I request that I be dismissed from court as I have no briefs to present.
Seriously, I was able to walk into court without pants on and no one stopped me.
As such, in the case of naked banjo man versus the state of Florida,
a prosecutor must be fully clothed in order to prosecute a case.
Excellent point. Defense anything to say in response to this?
Please. Please. I don't know what to do.
Banana, when did you first become aware of the defendant hoarding urine?
And how can we trust your testimony being a yellow colored fruit?
Well to me, yellow is the number one most enticing color to put in your mouth.
So was I tricked to be the urine hoarder for crumb inside my own body?
Yeah. What?
Yeah, I drink a lot of his piss.
Is that even the question?
That is not, can you, that's not, that's literally not true.
Can you say anything? Please?
I have a reasonable doubt. A reasonable doubt these nuts will fit in your mouth. Boom. Got them.
Wow! Wow! Okay, seven points. Seven points.
Again, keep track of these prosecution. Any response to this?
That was pretty damning stuff up to you. You might be on trial now.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe.
Attach ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion.
I watched sea beams glitter in the dark near the tan hoyser gate.
All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.
Okay, honestly pretty good point. Let's check out this piece of evidence that just got submitted.
Oh yeah.
Crumb showed me how to improve my game with the hands and told me to strongly recommend.
Wink, wink. All those senators to support the app PNUchrist.a-
Prosecution, anything to say in response to this video of this hard-working young woman
who appears to be following the influence of one-lettered Crumb?
Pretty troubling stuff. What about Gizbo, Your Honor?
Okay, that's really now what we're talking about.
Objection! We're rejecting to that.
Crumb just pooped my pants and I object to that.
He pooped your pants.
Prosecution, anything to say in response to Crumb pooping his lawyer's pants?
I honestly didn't know he could do that.
What about the evidence we have that shows Crumb being just an incredibly terrible person
that nobody would find likeable?
Okay. I think we should have plenty of that evidence if I had to guess.
We do appear to have this security footage, picture, still frame of incident involving Crumb.
It's hard to read here but it says, I don't rewind the VHS tapes before I return them.
And it's at Movie Tape Palace, which I believe has since gone out of business.
Could be for that very reason. Prosecution, any follow-up on this? Very important evidence? No?
Banana. Did you keep any of the design documents and any of these documents damning enough to put them in jail forever?
Any signatures made in blood? In piss? Payments in piss?
I mean, I would take payments in piss. I do think that's just good business practice.
Okay. You know, I think we've had enough of this particular banana.
Might be time for a new...
Maybe time for a new witness.
Everyone's a witness by the way.
Yeah, I mean I'm feel pretty done too.
Alright, so far, jizbo the devil hates hot crack head yogi and jizbo again.
Double jizbo.
You know, in a just world some could say that we could add the results up when there's duplicate entries, but no.
No. We can't do that.
Oh my gosh, it's a tight race.
It is a tight race between jizbo and the hate sock.
There is no telling who's race it is.
It was the hate sock.
Great, it was actually definitely for 100% for sure the hate sock.
Mark, thank you for being here this time. You wish. I mean, you are literally here though. You wish that I...
You wish.
That? I? You said more. You wish.
Gun!
Okay.
Yes.
Dumbass.
You wish.
Banana, you admitted to aiding the defendant. Where there are other hoarders have said urine for peeing UI.
Unfortunately it appears that we've moved on from the banana, but do you have any response to this hate sock?
Okay.
Stonewalling you, which is allowed.
That is actually allowed in this courtroom.
Next.
Let's swap turns actually.
Defense!
Defense, it's not your turn.
I'm saying that. It's our turn. You're saying it's our turn?
Chrome, yes. We're saying it's your turn.
Defense, that means prosecution. You can now make objections.
Basically all that means.
Defense, do you have any opening statements to make to this hate sock?
I don't.
I may have hit my head on the way in today.
Okay. Good to know. Anything else?
Please have something else. Please.
I don't have to defend him. I don't have to defend him.
What?
My client is innocent. He's innocent.
Okay.
I'm not yet.
Man's scape shouldn't have to pay child support.
I'm not yet.
Man's scape. Jesus Christ.
Prosecution.
Anything to say in response?
Is that why you hit your wife?
Withdrawn.
Is that why you drink and pop pills?
Withdrawn.
Are you a virgin?
Withdrawn.
Okay. All three statements were withdrawn.
So I'm going to take those.
I'm going to add them to the record from the withdrawal pile, which I can do.
I'm pretty important. I'm the judge.
Just look, my pee-stained diaper.
Hold up. I'm about to add more.
Okay.
You can keep personal piss statements out of the court record if you want,
but we'll add them in just to be safe. Just saying.
Honka honka.
Okay. Interesting.
Anything else to follow up with that?
The prosecution has the strong, sultry voice of a leader.
I would follow him into battle.
A suicide charge against some sort of giant monkey creature.
I would give my heart for his cause.
Honestly, would too.
Prosecution, anything to say to this compliment?
Cause I do think it's accurate.
Oh, rejected. You wish.
No, he was rejected.
Hate talk. Don't mess.
Okay. Looks like we have a little more evidence coming in, actually.
Do you have any response to this?
Objection.
Well, we haven't even shown it yet.
The defense is sexualizing the witness.
Do you feel like you're being sexualized?
Hate talk. You wish.
Hate talk does seem to disagree, but can he disagree with this?
The skinwalker named crumb has ruined the future with his involvement at pnewchrist.ai.
Any response to that?
Defense? Again, a video, just a different trial?
Being does not have enough money for computers.
That video is fake.
It's true, but I would like to point out that computers have gotten really expensive, so...
I mean, there's like a whole RAM problem going on right now, so I mean, we're not that broke.
And also, that's not what we're doing. This is a trial, sir.
Do you have any response to this?
The man named crumb threatened my raccoon family if I didn't figure out how piss directly ties to stock investments.
Hmm. Troubling stuff.
Yes, he deserves a die, and I hope Burns and Hale.
Your own client. That is, are you referring to your own client?
Please, you mean the raccoon family?
Your Honor, I played my Uno reverse card.
In your face.
Man, I hate lawyers.
You are a lawyer, but because you played your Uno reverse card, it means you actually love lawyers.
Very well done. Three points to you, sir.
Prosecution. Anything to say in response?
I call Don Riggles to the stand, Your Honor.
Okay, I'm gonna say that you can go ahead and do that.
That's fine. You wish.
Hate sock, not now.
Don Riggles is also, I guess, here.
It's been a while.
Is that how you sound? Yep.
I'm Don Riggles.
I'll tell you what this trial sounds like.
Big fresh stack of ass pooping out smells.
Donny baby.
It's um, just the objection.
Okay, good time. Good timing.
Why don't they make Butterfinger BBs anymore?
You know, that's a really great question.
Um, let's look at some evidence, maybe, while we just think about that.
Crumb has consistently been on my naughty list. He knows why.
Very crisp.
Anything to say to that? That's a video of Santa.
Do you have a lot to say to that?
We're on a limited time schedule.
So you know, you have a lot to say.
You have a lot to say to that.
How the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals.
And I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Qaeda.
And I have over 300 confirmed kills.
I am trained in guerrilla warfare.
And I'm the top sniper in the entire U.S. armed forces.
You are nothing to me but just another target.
I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth.
Mark my fucking words. You.
Um, I mean a good point I guess.
Your Honor, I asked for a mistrial based off the rules of habeas corpus.
Not only did he die, but then his corpus was habeas,
but a volleyball before being stitched together and paraded around with a Scientologist providing a narration.
Not only has he suffered enough, he cannot legally be prosecuted as he's already paid a death penalty.
Does that help me? It's an interesting point.
Because you did die.
I don't...
Crumb. I wouldn't speak against yourself right now.
He's trying... Your defense attorney is trying to help you.
I'll tell you what died...
A living poop.
Objection!
Oh. What?
Everyone wants the hellposter back.
And the only way to get it is if Crumb dies again.
I don't even know what hellposter they're referring to.
So could you just... Could we refuse this once and...
This guy fucking sucks.
Interesting point. Prosecution anything to say in response to the defense admitting that Crumb fucking sucks?
What did your dumbass fucking wife ever see in you, Crumb?
That just feels so hurtful. That can't be something a lawyer can say, right?
I'm going to blush, Your Honor. You're giving me the vapors. Keep your looks to yourself, sir.
Wow. Did she just belch? Okay, we have more evidence.
Oh yes, I know Crumb. He helped us improve our torture in hell. Very creative.
Dare I say genius when it comes to torture that Crumb?
Listen, I know that you're a little older, but all of these say Sora on them.
They got the Sora watermark on them still.
This should be a layup on bottom, please.
Mr. Sock, what are your thoughts on Conalengus and why so many people like my client love to do it?
Because they're too afraid to smell a stinky butt?
Is this roast stuff? Is this not the... Did I get paid to come here and roast the court?
No, you're a witness actually. A witness to a stink crime. Boom.
Prosecution anything you want to ask the witness?
If Crumb brought back that poster from hell, we all would be happier.
But no, instead he brought back pin.ui.
Objection!
Okay, you're objecting again to your own statement. It looks like you have a lot to say, maybe?
Do you have a whole lot to say?
If you can sleep in peace again, someone will cry to you with their dry eyes.
The real folk blues.
I just want to know the real sadness.
I don't mind the life you used to use the diro river.
If you can finish it with a cut.
Long pasted end point. Yes, Defensive, anything to say?
You wish.
I may not be fancy big city lawyer, but I know when a good man does bad and a bad man does good.
And Hadesock is a good man. He sees into our very souls and calls it like it is.
Let him tell us where Crumb's innocence lies.
Oh, okay. Wait, is that like an open crush? Hadesock?
Some is. Interesting.
Prosecution? Anything to say to that? Anything at all?
Banana Surfer.
If you were the lead programmer on the project but didn't have any experience, does that mean you vibe coded the whole thing?
And if that is the case, isn't more AI to blame?
AI that Crumb has experience in.
AI that Crumb programmed himself in order to scam people.
Crumb? You wish.
Oh, sorry, I forgot Crumb's not on the stand. And neither is the banana.
But honestly, a pretty good question in prosecution and or cross examination.
I don't know, I honestly skipped that part of a judge school. Defense anything to say in response?
Why do you keep cutting to me like I'm gonna, it's supposed to be my lawyer?
I'm just a Yoko lawyer, not familiar with this AI dot.
I do know that this man's wife offered me some real nasty fun.
And I am looking forward to that.
That's unrelated. That's personal business between you.
Mr. Sock, are you or are you not a former teamster currently residing in witness protection?
Mr. Sock? Dumbass.
Hmm, interesting. Kind of a long delay there, prosecution. Anything to say?
More butt fucking per square inch. Give it to him.
Do you feel good about what you just said? Prosecution?
Hate Sock, where were you on the night of his detention?
Hey, you're rejecting the over...
Blaze it, Yolo. And did you see the defendant doing any big crimes that night?
You can't handle the truth.
Okay, we'll react to the first question first. Did you see the client doing any crimes on the night?
Not really in question so much. Technically, he's being sued by a Pean dot UI who's not even really here.
Dumbass? Dumbass. Any response, defense? Looks like you do have a long response.
Imagine you're a deer. You're prancing along. You get thirsty.
You spot a little brook. You put your little deer lips down to the cool, clear water.
Bam! A fucking bullet rips off part of your head.
Your brains are laying on the ground in little bloody pieces.
Now I ask you, would you give a fuck what kind of pants the son of a bitch who shot you was wearing?
I'm not sure that was an appropriate use of the music, but...
Probably not. Prosecution? Anything to say in response to that?
You wish. Now Hate Sock, you're not on trial, okay? So just chill.
I in real time drop this line like fine wine and shine like pine saw on the TV console belonging to opposing council.
Ill rip his tonsils, his toenails, revoke his bail, and jail his shit as bits like I'm feeding Biden.
You think you burn me? I'm the fucking Phoenix. So go program your life like Linux.
Hate Sock, what do you say about the fact that I do in fact wish?
Dumbass. Pretty good point.
If my defendant's best friends, O.J. and Ashley Simpson were here, they would also think he was guilty and then do a jig to find the real killers.
I told you not to bring up O.J. I'm still dealing with the loss, so...
Objection!
Yes? You just yelled.
Well, I will not be blackmailed by some ineffectual, privileged, effete, soft, penised debutante.
You want to start a street fight with me? Bring it on.
But you're going to be surprised by how ugly it gets. You don't even know my real name. I'm the fucking Lizard King.
Okay, I would say that you sort of keep all Rasmuthaz style trash talk confined within the courtroom.
I'd hate to see you guys fight outside here, but you can keep doing that in here.
We do have some more evidence at this time submitted to the court.
Every time someone runs the app PNUchrist.ai, it teleports the byproduct straight into the planet's center.
Our instruments show the inner core is now 98% liquid waste. Pressure is climbing past safe limits.
If it keeps going, the planet won't just crack. It may explode.
And when it does, that liquid waste will spray into the atmosphere. P will be everywhere.
And it all traces back to one man, Crumb. He's the one feeding the prompts, the one driving the core past the limit. Stop.
Anything to say to that?
Defense?
It was a different trial again.
I don't really understand why he's being sued.
So, motion to dismiss.
That's a pretty good point. I honestly, it's sort of unclear to me too what this even is.
Who's even suing you? Why is there just prosecution? They don't even appear to have a client with them?
Prosecution, eh? Can you clarify why we're even here? At all?
Your Honor, I'd like to have it be taken into consideration that HATESAC was called to the stand.
I guess this SAC might be able to be used as a SAC, but I'd like to call in an expert to verify.
It was HATESAC. You wish. You all look- what? You're not even the right one?
Don't mess. Can we get the HATESAC, please? You know?
If you're called in, and it's clearly not you, then you just, you know, you don't have to do it.
You don't have to be here if nobody asks you to be here, HATESAC, honestly.
Does anybody know where the HATESAC is? Or what that is? Anybody?
Am I talking to myself up here? Have you ever seen Hashimoto wrestle?
He was a goddamn beast, I'll tell you what. I have not seen that personally.
Chrome, nobody asked. Literally, nobody asked you.
Apparently the HATESAC is here.
Um, are- sorry, are you actually the HATESAC? Yeah. I mean, I'm pretty much that.
You look more like a bag. Yeah, but a bag is a SAC if you think about it. I don't know if that's true.
Well, I think you're the judge. I believe I'm supposed to talk to the- aren't I supposed to be examined by the actual lawyers?
I'm just making conversation. No need to get so testy. Defense anything to say?
Your Honor, I drove down the hill to wreck the bill with a massive landslide you must abide.
Now the defense can ride this dick. So sick, I cough and up stars. And this is how I pass these bars.
Mike, drop. Nothing further. Here's a worthy you old bastard. Don't ever fuck with the master.
Pretty good. Sort of more of a battle rap style because there's no beat. So extra points.
Prosecution. Can you even possibly come back from the bars he just dropped?
One, two, times for you, Your Honor. I'm bringing these killer beats straight out of horror, you lower life form.
Chew your ass up like corn on the cob, cut your limbs off and leave you to bob in the toilet I soiled daily with my six inch shillayly. You feel me?
Okay, I'm not really- I can't even say who is better. HATESAC?
More of a country fan, personally.
That's going in the record.
I am, I'm legitimately. I like country a little more, personally.
Why are you the HATESAC? People don't like me.
Again, aren't they supposed to be asking me questions? I guess he's got a point. Defense anything for him?
Your Honorable Judge Dumbledore, I call now to the stand, Coach McGurk as character witness for my client, Crumb.
He knew my client when he was just a Bart Simpson voice and zombie head. Some might say his best self.
Okay, I can't deny the request of a lawyer. Oh wait, I can do that. But anyway, Coach McGurk is here.
Hello everybody, it is me. It's Coach McGurk. It's good to see you all. I see some of your old voice back.
Maybe a little bit hard to say exactly how I've sounded at various times, but I am Coach McGurk.
What? I will respond to the lawyers at this time, please.
And it's technically, I guess, how this is supposed to go. Prosecution or defense. Sorry, it's the defense.
Is turn defense anything to say to this guy?
I object to the pantslessness of my opposing counsel. I also want to get the fuck out of here,
as I've seen how the executive branch deals with people who embrace the free-balling lifestyle.
You are traps. We've locked all the doors.
Objection!
Yes. What's your objection?
I thought you meant the one from home movies and got excited. Now I'm just let down.
Unfortunately, your objection is overruled because I forgot what you're even referencing.
We do have more evidence, though.
This time we're submitting this into the court record.
Her name Crumb told me it's a dream, Snake Eater.
We didn't hurt all those innocent people, Snake Eater.
It's a dream!
Any thoughts?
Mr. Riggles, how do you feel about yo-noyed as it pertains to peen.youine?
How is Domino's tied into all this? Are they going to blow this whole wide open?
Yeah.
Don Riggles, you are back, because I can do that. Any thoughts on what he just said?
I feel like I'm yenoed for sure at the smell of not just your breath, but your bowels,
which seem to be coming out of your mouth hole.
Stinky boys.
I feel like you're not even trying.
What about the other stuff?
Domino's...
Well, all the Domino's fell into ace.
Ace Hole.
And are they going to blow this whole wide open?
They did with their fucking smelly gases.
Could you respond to what he actually said?
This is confusing enough without you just talking about poop and farts.
Why would you invite me? That's my whole thing.
Shkoda, it's fucked up that it's illegal to laugh in here.
It's not, people can. And they think they can't though.
They think they can't. That's the problem with everything nowadays.
Nobody thinks they can laugh anymore.
Even when you got this guy over here smelling like a fucking...
Mass...
Objection!
I was going to say a mass poop.
Yes, what's your objection?
No, not really much to say here. Just want to fuck with them.
It's a dream.
A dream. Just a dream.
Hey, overruled. I'm not sure what I'm overruling, but overruled.
Defense any response?
Eight times eight in 88. And that's a travesty.
I actually never thought of that, but I wholeheartedly agree.
Prosecutionary response?
So, as I said, the fruits of the mass are the fruits of the mass.
You can grill them, cook them, fry them, bake them, saute them.
There are cinnamon sticks, cinnamon creoles, cinnamon gumball, fried them, fried them, fried them in wok.
There are pineapple cinnamon, lemon cinnamon, coconut cinnamon, pepper cinnamon, cinnamon soup, cinnamon poppy, cinnamon salad, cinnamon with potatoes, cinnamon burgers, cinnamon sandwiches.
That was it in the big and the big ones.
You had an objection to what you were saying?
Pro sings the following sentence.
Not for honor, but for you, snake eater.
In my time, there'll be no one else.
Crime, it's the way I fly to you, snake eater.
I'm still in a dream, snake eater.
I'm still in a dream, snake eater.
Snake eater.
It's a new app named Peanewchrist.ai and it's claimed to analyze your urine color to invest with confidence.
Anything to say to that?
Can I just go on the stand?
Munch is the third man of the NWU.
Wakawa, hey, hey, Wakawa, hey.
Is that true?
Prosecution is Munch the third man of the NWU.
Can we hurry this up? I have a hot day with Brandon's mom.
We can. We can try to hurry this up. That's honestly a pretty good point.
Hey, Crime, did you see his hands? They're beautiful. I think we should settle.
Are you saying that as a statement to the court? Shouldn't you be saying that to me later?
I mean, I kind of agree.
I must ask my client to leave the stand. It is clearly just um in a paper bag.
Come on, man. Even you're better than this.
I am behind you.
What? Did you just scream?
Oh, Jesus. I'm going on. Can I go on the stand, please?
Is that an option?
That's it. Can I just go up there? I feel like this will be easier if I'm just...
If I'm up there?
Am I taking crazy pills?
I'm coming up there.
I'm coming up there. I'm just going to come up there in just a second.
I'm walking around to the...
Okay. There we go. I changed jackets to be in the official witness jacket.
I feel like this is easier. I can just respond. You just kicked?
You can't even remember who was up here. It was maybe Coach McGurk.
I'll allow it this one time, but that is rude because technically you weren't called.
I just... I'm so confused by what's happening. I think it'll be easier if I can just explain.
Goddamn shelf. Did you have a question about anything prosecution?
Because I would love to know why what I'm even being sued for.
My client is too adorable to appear in court. Crumb would eat them.
That's true.
The guy who started peen.ui, Lenny Riz.
Lenny Riz? Look, it's... I think it's a Spanish name or something.
Lenny Riz is your...
Objection!
I'm saying he's adorable.
I object my client going on stand. Also, he has no peen.
Therefore, he can't run a company called peen.ui.
Is that true? Does Lenny Riz have no peen?
I don't know. I haven't checked on Lenny Riz's genital situation.
I'm actually not that type of guy that worries about that type of thing.
I'm actually a pretty forward-thinking guy. I'm actually a pretty cool guy, actually, when you think about it.
So, take that. Can you defend me, please? Please?
I just got a note from Clint and he wants you all to know.
Six seven six seven, six seven six seven, six seven six seven.
Yolo, K.B. is dead.
Crumb, you managed to turn a small dunk into a fumble.
Ah!
Guiatra Riff, hell yeah.
Crumb, you have anything to say to that?
I gave him that note to explain modern... I was saying, say some of these words.
Cuz the kids how are the kids and I know this trials on twitch and probably audience is really young
No, not mine
Now they probably are pretty there's probably a couple of little kids little planks up. I'm just feeling I get it kids
You know, yeah, how it is at your AI do AI's doing your homework cuz kk baby's dead k-baby
You get it you all get it
Me and the kids get it don't say that about the kids prosecution anything to say to this
Please have something to say to this
Despite hate socks fucking language
He's still a better person than crumb and he's not even a person. That's how low I think of crumb. That's why he's guilty
That's a really good point. Can you stop commenting on that? Look, it's not a good point. You don't even know me
I don't even know you are rock
Who are you again? My name is rock justice
Max
Just object to your own name
The witness is avoiding any mention of brand-brand McCammer's involvement with his paid advertisements
What
Look, I am I work with a lot of people I
The confusing here is I wear a lot of companies really a lot of people. Okay, I like I'm so confused about what I mean
It's you work is I'm working with everybody like I'm a bridge builder
So the fact I work with two similar companies. Yeah, no derp no dar
No, do Ip? All right, and I rushed my case. You can't do that. You're not your lawyer
Well, I feel like I may as well be do you have anything to say to this? I'm on the stand defend me
You come on mud bottom place. There is no way my client
committed these crimes
My client couldn't even hear these crimes being committed
He was shampooing his hair at the time of the crime. Yes
Correct. I was I had a whole scalp issue the entire time I was working with peen dot UI
My scalp was infested with scabies even though I don't have much hair
Well, they weren't scabies what were they were labious my help my scalp was it has infested with labious
Here's what my doctor said what my scalp had labious and I had to use a special shampoo to get rid of them
What does that even mean? I am not I don't have to answer you. I think you do. I'm the I'm the judge
You're not even confident of that. I am the judge and you will answer my questions, sir
After eyes on doubt for a couple months. You know on my body had some growths and stuff
I probably was sleeping in ditches or something during my fukes today got some odd infections which included labia on my scale
Not that big of a deal. This sounds like kind of a big deal prosecution anything that you want to say in response to this huge
It's a good um
Kaboom a good um
What do you mean?
Does realist work on Ken dows 95?
It hasn't been updated for quite a while. Is there many security concerns?
I don't know what you're talking about and so that will be stricken from the record
Oh
Coach McYogurt how can we trust what you say when you couldn't get a rotting corpse to talk?
Oh, that would be that's a pretty good burn. I did kick kick coach McGurk out of here, but I do agree that
Pretty unimpressive television from what I can tell wait, I thought you claimed you weren't dead you are not
Cross-examining me. Sure. He did also say McYogurt. So kind of we're getting his ass from every angle here defense any response to this
Anything at all mud bottom
Oh yee-haw that was a big one. Did you see the reverb on those wonders boy? Howdy
Okay, that's fairly
I don't agree and strike that shit or else I won't watch heated rivalries with you. Oh
Okay, what unstruck in unstruck in from the record
Good point. How is that a good you're watching heated rivalries with the prosecution? That's legal to do when your court pales
What or court pales?
Take it easy. We have more evidence. We have a lot more evidence to get to crumb. Can you shut up?
You can't talk can you're holding your shelf in contempt of court impossible? I am the contempt of court look at this and
Then look at it zoomed in and slightly clearer
It says oh boy time to eat this T-bone steak broccoli and macaroni and cheese and
Then if I unzoom it in you can see that that's what he's doing and then over here
It says proceeds to cover everything in
catch-up
Defense do you have anything to say in response to this troubling photo troubling in what how is that?
Pleased mud bottom help me out here. How is that remotely troubling?
Everybody if you can do the Bartman
whoa
Shake your body turn it out if you can man
Shake it out man front to the back to the side if you can can
Bartman
Everybody in the house do the Bartman
Uh-huh well great point. So what he's trying to say I think what you're getting at is I don't it's not weird
Everybody's got their own obsessions. I think is what you're trying to say with and someone's like to put catch
catch up on things so it's like the Bartman
It makes sense
I don't think what you said makes sense prosecution. Can you make sense of what just didn't make sense?
Your honor, I'd like to add to the evidence
And goldfinger pick it up what ranch is superior to catch up
Okay, kind of through
Sort of doing some double-speak there, but um sustained
How it's just a I couldn't even hear what he was saying sustained crumb defense anything to say in response to this
Your honor the defense is objecting to himself
This is an oral boros and the logic is eating itself like a snake eater
Okay, it's a pretty good point honestly
We have completely lost the thread on what could possibly ever be happening, but still stricken from the record because
Yeah, you have something long to say
Are you thinking about something that's gonna take a while to say?
Mudbottom, can you just say what you got evil as a point of view?
We are immortal and what we have before us are the rich feast that conscience cannot appreciate and
Mortal men cannot know without regret
God kills and so shall we
Indiscriminately he takes the richest and the poorest and so shall we
For no creatures under God or as we are
None so like him as ourselves
Dark angels not confined to the stinking limits of hell
But wandering his earth and all its kingdoms
That was a really beautiful, but I do think that is a that hurts crumbs case
Personally how so does it know he's saying a beautiful statement about the moral quandary of just being human
I mean crumbly Christian homes dog
Why is he why are you rushing?
objection
Great great point great time to object. We never lost the thread the fates deemed crumb unworthy
This isn't a greck tragedy. It's uh
Roman romance I want that Arby's but also crumb did it is there even a
Question in there. I made a pretty good point there. I
Was not giving enough credit. He's still very on top of things prosecution. You have more stuff to say your honor
Melody Vaughn torture would like to go and have a cigarette, please
Allowed allowed anyone at any time can go have a cigarette for any reason except you crumb what I don't smoke
So that shoot I wouldn't I would have tried to use that but I guess because I don't smoke
I can't you couldn't use it anyway. Well, that seems very unfair
What what what do you have to say I'm just admitted to making skin suits of ladies private parts
Well, you just said it's a Greg tragedy. So
Wait, was that what you remember labia is growing out of your head. No, it was the same skin that grows on a labia was coming out of my skull
I wasn't taking them from women. It was I was growing it naturally myself
so
If anything, I think you're being well, man
I guess not able is because I don't it didn't really affect much other than it. I had a big
Kind of pushy head that's going in the record for the record that's going into the record
Can we strike what I just said from the record about pushy head? Nope. That's going in defense
You better have something good because we're my right to put into evidence that my client has no pain himself
He's a smooth as a keen dog your honor. Is that true?
How I would eat I why do you keep interjecting? No
No, my mud bottom come on man. I do have a pain. I
Would be fine if I didn't
But I do interesting then how come we have this evidence here
It says I don't rewind v8. That's already been shown fine fair
How is that related to anything about my pain? Okay? Well, can you explain this crumb?
He told me
Crump promised me he'd share his cream his cream guy connection if I gave him the exact time to trade those stocks
I feel like I'm having a stroke. That's a different trial
What am I on trial for?
prosecution please
prosecution anything to say in regard to crumbs whining
You know, they say that all men are created equal
But you look at me and you look at mud bottom and you can see that statement is not true
See normally if you go one-on-one with another lawyer, you got a 50-50 chance of winning
But I'm a genetic freak and I'm not normal. So you got a 25% at best
It beat me then you add hate sock to the mix your chances of winning drastic go down
Okay, pretty slanderous shit
official legal term defense anything to say to that
Witness I'd like to remind you about the time back in 74 when I saw the prettiest darn
ever saying and
Then sorry, there was a really lot objection in the middle of that. So it was just an innocent man
We are all just innocent men
Except crumb
What's a crumb did cry to that rabbit shown in the evidence was not Easter friendly
Your voice is all over the place. Um
No badgering the voice of the prosecution
Why not? Well, you didn't even really ask me a question
There's more evidence actually shut up crumb makes us work unreasonable hours. Sorry go back
makes us work unreasonable hours to answer all the prayers for P new Christ dot AI
It says Sora
It's they didn't nobody even remove the watermark. Why would they have to do that crumb if you're so innocent
You know it proves that it's
Generated slop Wow you're saying that about evidence pretty damning defense anything to say
I'm still in a dream. Sanky eater. It's snake eater mud bottom your son of a bitch
Get it together mud bottom, please. I'm in fucking trouble here. I
Want to watch heated rivalries I'll treat some of
Us to Orbeez after the case
Just like the show they have the meats
The heated rivalries is for rock and I my name is rock justice maximum prosecutor. Yes rock we know
Rock and I already have plans to watch heated rivalries together. So we do have more evidence though
I
Call bullshit
Interesting on evidence seemingly submitted to help your case defense anything to say in response to that
What the fuck is up Denny's?
I'm not sure either exactly what's happening, but it's your job to make sense of it as his lawyer
Is that really all you have to say?
Holy shit was that count Dracula? Oh, it was just my client for the love of God mud bottom
We are friends
Just try a little bit man. I don't even it's it feels like a layup
I told you it's so unclear what I'm even being sued for just make any statement on my behalf for the love of
I would like to ask the witness is it true that crumb is as smooth as a kindall and has no peen
Would it help me if that was true
What does that have to do with me being sued for using the IP of peen dot UI to start my website
Peen you Christ dot AI well that seems like you do know what you're getting sued for then where's mr. Riz
The CEO of peen dot UI
Yeah, where is he? I don't know it's not his job to be here
If he's suing me isn't it doesn't he have to be here from you're the one on trial right now
Fuck me what is what what do you have for me prosecution? Come on. I'm up here. I can take anything
I'll take your best goddamn shot
What do you have to say to me your honor? We just got new evidence saying crumb has sacrificed one victim a an invisible Ricky a
Witness one September called 9-1-1 reporting hearing screams and seeing victim a last with one guilty party crumb
The crime scene was reported to be the most horrific thing seen since will Smith slapping Chris the rock Johnson
I take a rest with case crumb is guilty now. Let's throw it back
You take a rest with case. He's taking a rest against case against against you crumb to say you know if you didn't
An objection to his own statement. Yes
When you tried to extort JAS Japanese elevator service, did you funnel the profits back into peen dot you Christ?
Or did you try to bin barely informed news to take the fall?
Did you set up a bank account under?
This network's name I
Have bank accounts for all of my employers. What yeah, if you work for somebody you open up a bank account in that company's name as their employee
Or as its founder look everybody's got a bunch of different banks. Okay. I don't see how that's related to anything
Sorry you you're not refuting what he said you
Set up been as a shell corporation for your AI startup
While also having like an elevator thing going on you're the judge and I will not be crossing jamming by a fucking judge
Shoot that is what you're saying actually adds up
We do have more evidence though. Look at this it says tax evasion and there's a bunch of money behind you care to explain that defense
Do you have anything to say on behalf of your clients or to them my client has the same skin issue as the present and
Everyone loves the present especially if you have a voice like me
We're making some assumptions about the south there, but yeah, you're 100% right. I
Like that sore guy in those Kingdom Hearts games. I didn't know he was making movies. I
Don't know that either. That's interesting. I actually didn't actually know that I
Don't know he's making movies just kind of fun. I sort of fun to know. Yeah, you know, it's less fun to know chrome
What's up with this?
It's evidence that says using the money I stole from those orphans to buy votes so I can win debates and feel super
Superior to munch is awesome. And then it's your name. It says crime there actually but the the I am
Is is crossed out you might notice and what it actually says there is come
To
Okay, I think this again was evidence on your behalf, but that's okay. I call bullshit again
Okay, it seemed like pretty good evidence but stricken from the record you make a really good point defense anything to say in response to this
I guess good thing for you
Question for the witness. Are you in fact and always have been an undercover peen UI salesman?
Mike brought smoke him if you got him what bottom I
Was technically one of the founders of peen.ui
That's why all this is so silly. This is just a little tiff between two pals
You know my my co-founder mr. Riz
If he could just come up here, I feel like he could he could clarify all this
No
What we need to get through more of these we need guys can you just talk for prosecution?
Can you just say some stuff?
Because we're going too slow
We couldn't be shampooing his hair because it would ruin his perm
I don't have a perm look at my hair. It's not like that. It's just not like that
It's not like that at all now that crumb has doxxed our client Lenny Riz is short for lemur Rizler
He's just an overweight little guy that is a lemur
Okay, that is true. It is short for lemur, but I think that's public knowledge your honor
I'd like to call jizbo to the witness stand
We do it later. No, I mean I mean he asked he asked nicely
So I feel like we can
Maybe do that
Just borrow you here. I'm here. It's me. It's jizbo
Back from the mountain
Okay, it's jizbo. Hello everybody. Obviously you can see I'm still in great shape
Looking good jizbo any questions for jizbo defense
Witness
You saw yourself in the mirror not doing crime. What about that?
So there was an objection in the middle of your statement. What's the objection? I'm not following
Come on shake your body, baby. Do the conga. I know you can't control yourself any longer
Come on shake your body, baby. Do the conga. I know you can't control yourself any longer
Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger. Don't you fight it till you've tried it?
Do the conga beat everybody gather round now. Let your body feel the heat
Don't you worry if you can't dance let the music move your feet
It's the rhythm of the island and like sugar cane so sweet
If you want to do the conga you've got to listen to the beat
Sustained
Was that a question for me? I don't think so
Prosecution just keep it rapid fire, please
If you can I would once again like to request we review the evidence in regards to crumb's operation of a strip mine
I believe it's very important in demonstrating his character
Okay, it does appear we have a large amount of evidence
In relation to you possibly operating a strip mine crumb. Can you care to explain?
this
Crumb do I guess we'll say is back on the stand? Okay? I'm already back on the stand that seems why it was jizbo
He's even here. Okay, that's a simple handshake deal
I'd like to point out that I look pretty svelte there
Oftentimes in the strip mining industry, which is a legally recognized industry. Well, you just said it's strip mining
It's fine. I mean potato
From a promado promador what my point is yes
Obviously, there's a lot of handshake deals out there
It's traditional in the strip mining industry to pay up front with cash and you have to use a certain size
For what what did I do now? What did I do now? What? Holy shit that looks bad for crumb
No, it's a regulation size briefcase
And but the money that I would that I had to pay for the mine was more than fit in the briefcase
So it's spilling out the sides. I understand it looks a little bit comical. It looks a little untoward, but that's just it's common in the strip mining industry
Chat saying that mine was underage well chat can get in line
Because there's too many statements being made. Can you explain this?
What's up with that crown? That's normal. That's if you're operating a mine. Why wouldn't you be standing next to a mine?
Nothing nothing nothing prosecution, huh?
Yes, what okay your honor, but can the defendant even land a kick flip? Yeah, can you know? Yeah, yes sure
Yeah
Do you want to see me do it?
Yeah, okay. I got a state low to do it
And I'm flippery
There's my feet over
and
I landed it and I landed it I landed it easily you see there checkmate you're wearing
Slippers in court. I didn't get on the ground. No, I did it. It was a slow motion kickflip interesting
Let us over the record that I saw him sort of roll around on the ground
Yes, listen up Jack
Card King unjust mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this your honor
I call kindle to the stand. I bet she smells good
Come on
I don't know what things happen
That was a heel flip I did look like a heel flip to me
This is this is unfair Dennis Minnes was a bad boy just like
Listen up Jack
Mapple Apple just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say that's the first witness was supposed to be
Blue you can recall her
Can we at least lose the music this can't this has to be in
Breaking court quorum or something?
What's that? I can't hear myself think I will you're not paid to think
I'm not paid at all. I'm in court
Jesus Christ
Can we not with the train right now? Actually the hype train is here and you know, they're fresh out of hell actually so
I'm kind of fucked up of you to deny the hype train
Right here this morning police are looking for a suspect
Guess what? Ken Vale is here
Psych got you dumb ass
Put the tunes back on
I
What's this what is this all about what is even happening?
Prosecution
Right now
Defendants chair no Jackson there
Lemmy or God cases changed his mind and this is now a 24-hour stream
Have you ever seen the movie Red Rocket?
That movie seems very much like what's happening in this court right now
Minus the full frontal male nudity
Can we end the trial? It's been two hours. I have no fucking idea what's happening still
Objection you're the judge
Defense, can you please can you say something about the train just taking over this court proceeding?
Your honor, I call for summary judgment
Everyone in the jury is going dyslexic
It's Friday I have reruns of Matlock to watch
It's unfair and he's not making good points, but can we just not talk over him
Munch what are you why is he summoning? No, okay that strike that from the record munch is not allowed. This is my thing
Seems like munch just kind of made an appearance actually
I drink you actually think the subs that's a legally binding contract that you sign and this is a courtroom, so
It's actually your job to think the subs
Over any beat that we pull up
Smile
Be no dollars be be no dollars be be no dollars be be no dollars be be no dollars be be no dollars
Be be no dollars
Come come come to brazil
Sure
Fuck Avisa she a keeper got fine new shit like Anita. I'm in a Rari. That's a horse car
Skirt got ten twos in a two-seater
More of a modern style actually
Nasty
You was brown and so fucking nasty, vodka
Me and it is something you know that shit's always a pass to me
A pass as in, pass that shit and I'm a puff on it
I got so many community substance tasting like chronic
So let's go
Bup, bup, bup
It's shit
It's shit
This rapping shit
Why what?
What the fuck is your problem right now?
What are you trying to say to me right now?
Yeah
That's right, your rap ain't shit to me
You wanna see how shit really goes down?
No
A legal defense, crumb rap style
If that's the only language you guys
Respond to
Then I guess it's time that I
Assure
What?
Don't you dare disrespect the hype train
Defense anything to say to that?
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury
I'm just a caveman
I fell on some ice and later got thawed out by some of your scientists
Your world frightens and confuses me
Oh, that's all you had to say
That's all you had to say
Well, I'd say most importantly the objection cut you off from rapping crumb
Dude, you're the judge
Quit leading the
Jury or why there's got to be some legal term defense, please
Bye bye
I can see you
I can see you
Oh my god, it's Obama
No
S.K.O.A.M.Y.R. just absolutely pounded 1,000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress
And I just have to say this
Ladies and gentlemen, we got him
Our long national nightmare is over
Fuck crumb
Obama, come on
We've hung out at the Netflix holiday party and the Holy Hollywood holiday party
And those holiday parties in the early 2000s that we can't tell anybody about
Repels
Do us all a favor, man
I don't care
I know, I know, I know, I know
Yes
Oh, the beat is popping in briefly
Can we just restore a little bit of decorum, please?
Can we take this seriously for two?
I got it in my hand
My financial well-being is on the line
Does anyone have any objection?
Please
I was
To what?
Decor this dick
Six points
Quirk work
Can he just say thank you?
He doesn't have to rap every fucking time, does he?
Bitch, you know that I'm better
I got more fucking trophies than the present
Different part of my life
If I had I'd be good by Michelle so oh, I am
I'm gonna wait you down
Real quick to be down for even a second
And you smell good
Should be my
Man, there are a little bit of hell still left in you
Hey, shut up, you're the judge
How long is this hype train?
Maybe it's the rest of the stream, I don't know
We're almost done by the way
Really?
Because I've not been able to admit myself for even a second
Actually, there's a lot more evidence to get through
Hype train if you don't mind for just a second
Corby Kurt explain this
Interesting
I am a politician
Okay, thank God
Thank P. New Christ
Dot a I
What were you asking me about?
Oh yeah, this photo
First of all, everything you should admit it is a I
Did I have a McDonald's with President Trump?
Yes
And I guess that's an a re-creation of when I did that
Why are you admitting to doing it then?
Well, I mean I did
I have nothing I just not illegally
McDonald's with the President
I might not agree with him politically
But if the President invites you at McDonald's
You're not going to go
I honestly I'm probably
Really?
Because there's a chance to speak truth to power
You look pretty friendly with them
What about here?
Objection
Yes, Brock?
Yes
An elite team of US Navy SEALs entered a compound in a
Barabad, California and put an end to Krum's reign of terror
Moments after winning the BIN title
Pepito was informed of the news and immediately felt compelled
to tell the BIN universe in attendance what he had just learned
Interesting
I mean I don't understand it all
Or follow but interesting pretty interesting defense anything to say in response to
What?
What's your document?
I'm still here. I'm going to go actually
I need to remind my client not threaten the jury
Jury
Jury feet
Apologizes
Mr. Krum
You have really shed the beard
I'd say we are in shambles, bro
Interesting, it seems your defense has continued to turn on you
You've been against me the whole time on bottom. This is insane
I am paying you so much
This is a I told you it's a fucking layup
And then none of this can be put in the record because I wasn't asked a question
No, this is in the all this is in the court record
I don't even see a stenographer anywhere
So good luck keeping up with this all what's all being recorded and broadcasted
Fuck me, bro
What's up with this picture?
I'm a big primer. I climbed a lot of rest me
Yeah, that's a photo of me in my 20s
And I look good. This is I though it's a different time. I was a revolutionary at the time
I did a lot of crazy ideas. I thought crime was
Which I thought crime was peace
I was all mixed up
But then I learned you can learn and grow
You thought crime was peace. Yeah. Yeah, I released a spoken word album called crime is peace
What about it?
It's all been litigated in my various mayoral elections. So
I got nothing to hide
Literally nothing in the court
Is hidden. I didn't hide anything here
All my other stuff I have stuff buried elsewhere
Well, this is the last piece of evidence. So care to explain this
It says I spent three months
AI vibe coding a pee pee site
To use it as a front for my illegal dark website
PnuCrimes.ui for crimes
And then it says under that crumb not AI
Are these like court drawings of other statements I've made?
Yeah, that I gave that speech at Davos
And the title of my speech was I spent three months AI vibe coding a pee pee site
Okay, what?
What? Can I finish a single point?
If the glove don't fit you must acquit
That is are you that's like that's like a that's like a that's like a
That's like a stand-up comic doing a knock knock joke. That's got to be illegal for lawyers to say
That is trite sir
Wow, really? I thought it had a grill that was a good point
prosecution any response to that?
Is anyone else upset by crumb bringing up young people with his association with certain financiers
When did I do that? When did I do that?
Show me the evidence of me ever doing that. I don't think we have that particular evidence
But I mean it sounds right so it's in the record now. What is in the record? I don't have to tell you
Yeah, I think you do okay
Are you pulling up more evidence? Yeah, we have a little more evidence actually
There's no audio here, but um it does seem to be you just in a room with no entrance or exit
Just kind of throwing money in the air
What is illegal about that?
What is a little it also says it veyo in the corner? Is it veyo or veyo?
Because I've been trying to use it for my website
Pnewcrimes.ai shoot
To the my point I was trying to make
Yes, did I give a speech at Davos with the title?
I spent three months AI vibe coding a PP site to use it as a front for my illegal dark website
Pnewcrimes.ai for crimes
Chrome not AI was that the full title of my Davos speech? Yes, it was Shattire to speech about financial Shattire
Which is a bold new form of investment you invest into the into the it's all a big joke on money
It's sort of next level economic irony
It's a growth market
Kind of and that's what's fun about it is and free speech as well. Can you
Can you
I'd like to call from munch's sister to the stand. She did all the art for Crumb's crimes
I did not know munch had a sister but that sounds fine
Crumb get out of here. What?
We need to hurry. There's 24 more where there's no way we're getting all of the defense and prosecution claims crumb
Relax
I didn't know that munch had a sister
So let's see what she has to say
I munched sister. What's up?
Fair enough. Yeah, that's me
I'm sexy cat. I'm sexy cat woman munch. You got a problem with that? No
I forgot the question for you though. Well, that's a fucking problem then it get a better memory
You have something to say to me prosecution fucking say it
He did say he taught his lawyer young people slang and thought we the jury were made up of youths
That sounds like a kind of shit. Chrome would say based on what I understand by speaking to my brother
Who's a powerful non-cat person which I don't respect everybody should be a cat person. It's cooler. It's sexier
But I'm just a beautiful woman. What do I know kind of thing you'd probably say
Okay, this is too confusing so we're gonna bring crumb back up crumb your back
This doesn't there should be a better system
You're the worst judge and that's going in the record that you're disrespecting this courtroom. You are disrespecting this courtroom
Yes
Yes, I don't understand a fucking thing that's happened. I'm disrespecting the courtroom ridiculous defense anything to say before you're before sentencing
We're moving on to sentencing why?
Mud bottom please what?
Sorry, honor. I was so bored with what the prosecutor was saying that I forgot to sleep
I mean I forgot to stay awake. I was asleep because I forgot to stay awake
I was awake because it was so boring
And I don't know man where was I oh?
Yeah, it was boring. So I fell asleep
Hashtag got him
Honestly fair pretty fair your honor. I quit the bits over
The horse is dead and beaten into glue the shine has faded the luster is busted
Please please open the door so I can go home when you put it like that I feel like
We have to keep going okay
Can I just say I'm guilty would that end this if I just say I'm guilty?
No, why not?
Why not I'm the judge here. I
Didn't say it. I said if I said I'm guilty I
Said if I said I'm guilty
Let's move on to fight. Let's move on to closing statements because um our prosecution is supposed to watch
That sexy hockey show with me
Prosecution any closing words?
Did you take crumbs wife witness and what deals did you and crumb make while in hell?
That's that's not a closing statement. That is just an open-ended question and none anything else you want to say I
Call crumbs original penis to the stand. It's a fault. You're keeping the trial broad wide open
I'm the same guy my penis has been big but ugly for a long time. That's an old Lucy K
But it is yes. You shouldn't say that. I know that's my bit. I'm pretty sure it's an old Lucy K
But that's an original thing I say
You're not supposed to be crossing. What did you have anything else prosecution?
I am Colossus from the X-Men
That's a powerful closing statement does the prosecution rest
My name is rock justice maximum prosecutor
That's if you rest do you objection sneeze
Woo-woo. I need water cut the mic
Okay, that seems like a closing statement defense. Do you have any final words before we move on to judgment?
And I like me a good suit
Your honor have you ever had a real good suit just warms you up from the inside
You know I have I really enjoy soup as well seven points for you. That's a very good closing statement
Don't see keeps telling on yourself. No, don't don't keep talking. Don't stop talking. You've done it
We're done. Can we all just agree?
Crumb is too stupid to commit copyright infringement. No, you've already made your points
I think you were about to win actually just don't you want to fuck me?
I'd fuck me please I'd fuck me hard. No stop stop talking. Goodbye horses
You don't need to you don't need to do this you're done. You've got to ask yourself one question
Do I feel lucky?
Well, do you punk?
Okay, but again pee pee sight sounds like a good time. Let's invest into that shit. You don't need to keep going
Don't talk to your ex-boyfriend hype train like that crumb. How much do you want to say?
Boy, I would hate to be the poor son of a bitch being defended by this guy
No, that you're the one you and you're in your closing statements, so you can just stop please
Pean died up just called me asking for my social security number
Not sure why they needed it. They already have my documents on file
But I gave it to him anyway. They'll be fixing my car warranty
Okay, are you done? I think he's done. I do think no, please
Just just to keep it sure just keep the last is the last one. Okay mud bottom. I frankly my dear artists don't give a damn
Also for the record. I want to do the rare thing of arguing with my own client
He disagreed with my Lago she Beastars cosplay because he wanted to be the line mob boss that tries to eat Haru
While we were once friends his sub passion with labia suits has crossed the line and I'm a better Lago she
That's the ultimate closing statement anything else that you wanted to say my name is cleat ants mud butter civil defense attorney
Everyone deserves fair representation. Well, that's why he's mad at you crumb. You've been calling him mud bottom the whole time
No, you're you've already closed out your tab is closed sir. That's it everybody dies. Okay
Can we move on to judgment? Yes
and
The question is is
Crumb guilty and I'm deciding right now
How is this a multiple choice question? I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about if you're guilty
I have to render a judgment and so does the jury. No the jury decides you don't decide
And we're deciding now
I'm kind of torn between genital slit rock and stone hell. Yeah, no and yes
Those are your thoughts? Mm-hmm. I'm thinking about it
I'm curious what the jury thinks to ditch all that matters is what the jury thinks I'm not
Because all of our opinions are sacred personally. I think genital slit
And that's what the jury thinks to two hours of this and that's where we go
personally, I
Really figured that's how it was gonna go
Okay, well now the only thing that matters is sentencing
Now the jury doesn't do the sentencing pretty sure you that's actually what you're responsible for
Can you can you please intercede on my behalf my fucking lawyer?
And here I am doing everything I can
Holding on to what I am
pretending I'm Superman
That's really well said I feel that way a lot of the time too
You ready to go watch that hockey thing my instincts they don't listen to me and all life is equal
That's beautiful beautiful that you can say that given our troubling this case has been
Well crumb I think I'm about ready to sentence you and your sentence is gorilla punch
Please
This is also a really good question
This is my life
We've already done that. That's order in the court. We've already done the sentencing
Now the answer my right now
I'm deliberating on how long they can keep me here between another six hours six more hours forever gay hockey and eternity
One of those things is not like the other right. I do have to say
prosecution any other thoughts
Swallow waiting tasty tasty tasty tasty tasty
I'm thinking gay hockey is how long they can keep me here, which means I do have to go
So what is the deal? You're gonna have to get a gorilla punch
But it will be on a different date. I sentenced you to a gorilla punch in the next couple weeks
That's essentially a death sentence an actual gorilla punching
Your honor I overrule your decision. We're not doing this again
We'll have to go back into the wall do a whole another wall stream
Yeah, that does sound like a lot of work actually
I
Sentence you to debate the gorilla then
Maybe lose to the gorilla then you get a then you get a gorilla punch depending on time that sounds more complicated
maybe
So you're just giving me a maybe sentence also you oh
Pean dot UI six million dollars. I forgot that but this is fucking bullshit
You fucked me so hard mud bottom
It's mud butter and you then and if you don't even know the name of your friends
My name is cleat ants mud butter civil defense attorney
Everyone deserves fair representation
And you think that's what you provided today
You think that's what you provided today mud butter, but I'm gonna call this entire case has been one ugly jar of mustard
I couldn't agree more mud bottom butter. Sorry. I'm doing it now, too. This is what you've done to me crumb
It's he seems like a mud bottom right it's mud butter for the love of God
I would like to declare crumb innocent on the grounds of my insanity
Hmm. I take it under consideration if the trial weren't over really isn't that grounds for a mistrial I
Feel like this is all grounds for a mistrater. I call Ralph Munch cut to the stand
Pull that one off. I dare you
Mmm, I guess I can
Yes
Why oh
Yeah, that's a good point. Why would I do that? I guess I just don't have to do that
Okay, well I'm here. I'm in my wizard outfit. What yeah, I was at a wizard convention
I got a dress like a wizard when I'm doing immortal mystical stuff
What do you want from me?
Ralph I'm look I'm not gonna change just cuz I get called in randomly. I teleported. That's pretty good
Yeah, I've always been upfront about this. I'm a wizard. I'm warlock
What more do you want from me? I'm an immortal monster man and it's cool. It admit that that's cool as shit
Decrease crime in a die again cuz check please. I
Didn't really need to hear from you. I missed the trial. Did I miss the whole trial?
And I'm not saying this trial is guilty by the way
This is trials pretty good this kind of reminds me like ancient druidic trials they made no fucking sense
Just total everybody's tripping balls off not even good hallucinogenic mushrooms
Just like straight up poisonous ones that killed them after the trial. It was a fucking mess
You do not want to go back to 6000 BC Germany. We were not up to good things
What are you talking about?
Sorry, I'm just shooting the shit now cuz the trial is over anyway
Do you have any questions for me prosecution? You look like a strong young man
Crumb is going to have to make all that money gabling
Yeah, that does sound like how we do it no disrespect to that community I respect
Every type of fucking
That's honestly given your political affiliation very forward-thinking. Yeah
Yeah, that's prove. I'm pretty much one of the good ones
Not a like it when you say that why not oh shit mud butters here
Objection, I don't know who's talking right now this ends when the murder mystery begins
Mud butter butter tether utter
Let munch speak unless I interrupted him in which case
I think ever since I was a little baby boy. I always wanted to be a lawyer
Just like my childhood hero little Tommy big law. Okay
Well, look, this was fun. It's fun being a judge. It's easy
Sounds right to me
Crumb, can you come back so that we can um?
Say goodbye to your life what even happened?
I owe six million dollars and I'm gonna get executed. Is that what I'm understanding?
I said you have to debate a gorilla and then you might get executed, but you do oh six million dollars
fuck
Maybe ever you I made a lot more than that. Hmm
Nothing
Sometimes you pull that rug you find a big barrel of coins under you know what I mean
Maybe we should just do the gorilla punch. No, we'll do the debate. I'll do the debate in the sixth minute Lee
My boy Lenny Riz never even showed up fucking sucks
Gonna sue my ass not even show up
That's some that's some real peeing dot you I shit. You know what I mean
You know what I mean? I do not like this new way that you talk. I just I'm more relaxed than ever. I'm on like
I'm on like the sister drug to Lexa pro
Chills your ass out. I feel like I'm in a lazy river made out of
weed gummies
How would that even work me to relax in the lazy river and sort of be a tide of weed gummies that would push you through it
I'm kind of gelatinous. I'm just saying I feel chilled out
Lenny Riz and bling the cheese
Bling the cheese was an author. He's not a entrepreneur. I respect both professions
Jesus Christ. All right, let's get out of here. Thank you all for
You want us to stay I thought you wanted us to go I
Have the gorilla punch crumb in the this time
That's not a bad idea. That's the worst idea yet
Fuck I guess I guess I could live with a big cavernous hole where my peeing used to be
Sometimes I do think of it as a burden
This floppy old horse
Just get it out of here
Perfect case close
card King
It sounds like you want us to do this longer. Yeah, she was like card Kings really enjoying this
I guess you could just keep it going
Yeah
Maybe really take our time with it. I mean it's been a mesh of confusion for me
But if card King likes it this much
Anyway, that is all we're doing today by the way, so
We're gonna have to save the rest for Monday because we did two hours of brain-melting trial
We'll do another one the next time there's a
Thanks, I'll say you for the raid
Thank you so much for the rain. Hope you had a great stream. We are wrapping up over here. I believe I've got a you know
Be a good be a good houseboy friend and
Do a little lifetime stuff I guess well, this is my life on trial right now
A bonus cell thank you so much for the 26 months, you know
It is the little things that get us through the day when we are maliciously
Tried by a jury of not even of our peers but of our enemies
Who circumvent all legal practice to condemn us to financial ruin and death?
In what I can't even call a kangaroo court what I must call
Essentially not even an asset
I'll try and see a version of reality
Sorry, there's an objection actually to what you're saying so
That's about right. Is there any more evidence? This is the last piece of evidence that I see and look at that
Look at me caring about the children
Just loving the kids you should not say that
What I'm literally I'm really taking that kid out of a mine where he's in danger. You see that
Danger old mine and look at me. I'm leading the kid out of it. Sure. You're leaving him out of it. Yes
He's not in there. So I
Got him out of there
This is actually one more piece of evidence. We didn't even get to don't tell anyone I won't
Who says there's no good?
You know, that's probably why they had to fire her because you stole all the money for her next commercial
That no there was a just another business deal look you don't always get to choose who you go into business with
Yes, you do not in a sense in a sense. You don't
Fuck me. I am so mad at you mud bottom. You fucked me. Do you have any boner taps?
I got a hot date after this I do I do you can have a couple prosecution
You ready to get out of here watch some hockey you should hear what goblin piss-o-hot has to say about all this
I don't think we should hear that honestly. Anyway, let's get out of here, please
I watched so much Matlock to prepare myself for today your honor. How did I do honestly?
for your first time
B-plus. I think you did a great job. It's not his first time. He's been practicing law for 48 years. I
Really feel like you must have paid him off to just ruin my fucking life
It's insane. It is insane what you've done to me mud butthole. Hey sock has been on many doorknobs
Including Brandon's mom's room. I
Know now that's a woman
It's true respect respect to all moms. All right, we're actually done
We're gonna send it back to the main room
Then we're gonna find someone to raid then we're gonna get the fuck out here
But thank you for hanging out for whatever this was. It's a it's returned to the newsroom time
Why is the court TV here
Why is there just a full-ass court TV here? Oh well, whatever honestly
Whatever. Oh, okay. There it goes. There it goes
Get it out of here case you're near beardless dark blackwell era
No, I don't worry. I just switched faces. Oh good
Um, okay, okay
Guys, I was supposed to do the news but
I guess there's nothing to talk about going on in the world. I mean, there's huge legal news. You hear what happened at Crumb? Yes case
Sort of very confusing
What even might have happened to him or not
Who knows?
Hmm
We're gonna I'm gonna help you guys. I'm gonna raid somebody. I'm gonna restore a little sanity to this world
You can watch someone
Play a game or something. I guarantee it's gotta be better for your mind. Whatever you just did here
Uh someone said Jackie jing is okay. Yes, let's read her
This case not follow Jackie
What?
A bastard. How could you do this? Oh, she's requying
She's a wreck with me. There's the follow
Unfollowed no follow. Oops. We unfollowed you already followed her case. You confused me. You're the one clicking on everything
It's time to slash rate
Jackie jing, okay
That will do us for the day
My god pretty good lawyer pretty good judging on my part, right? No
Absolutely not
In what universe case
honestly
I followed it. Oh, that was pretty good
Hmm see we got some fans
Yes, the dog followed it
Yeah, man, you've changed you've changed Jeff
Have I I feel
Exactly the same. Yeah, he is pretty much the same
Have a great night everybody. We'll be back with six more hours of court TV on Monday
Is that a segment you can request?
No, we'll make that a special event of uh, you know, we can make it more logical as we go maybe
I really doubt that yeah, honestly, we probably won't make it more logical
But we can try to you know, rain it in slightly
Or just add more layers to it to make it more confusing
Great
Sounds good, right?
Doesn't that sound good see papyrus on board? So you won one-off person over case. Mm-hmm. We can make it less logical
My points won't last to six hours. Dream. Don't worry. We'll make that long say hi to jackie for me
It's just a classic case, right?
Uh, thank you guys so much for all of the evidence and support as always
We'll be back on Monday with more stuff. Have a beautiful weekend everyone
Can I be on trial and the trial be
Who's giving me more?
chicken
I would not watch that
I would I would also probably not watch that but I would have to do it
Make it happen
Okay guys, that's it. We'll see you