Maybe we're...
Live?
I'm Pupito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live. And I'm a dog.
Pupito seems to think we're live.
We're back to life?
So sad. I missed my whole intro.
You'll never see the same intro that I play every stream.
Until I stream again.
That's a tragedy.
Geekastic said if only there was a TV channel that talked about tech and gaming and could suggest parts and fixes.
I don't think TV exists that way anymore.
What you're describing is impossible.
Well that's some good precedent to set us up for the rest of the year.
That's how things go around here. We know what's up.
And then this happens right away.
Leo Laporte retired!
Our top story of the day.
Is that the angry guy?
Is that the guy that was like really pissed on that one clip?
Anyway good to see everybody. Happy New Year.
It's the news year everybody.
And we're starting things up strong.
I can already tell by the amount of graphics that are currently triggering on this screen.
That means we do have to check in with the hip train for better or possibly worse.
I'll never tell.
Good to see you all.
Cycord, Matt Liddell, Subrichi, Lyvin, Sleazy, the master mods both in the house with Card King, Dawn Johnson, Cheen Mal, Apple Dapple, Shaggy, and to Daddy, Eldrick, others possibly.
Cycord good to see you.
Tasty good to see you.
The year in piss that was.
Maybe hype train will have a new fluid this year that he almost exclusively talks about for 20 minutes.
At the start of every single one of my two hour streams.
That means a good 10% of my stream is exclusively a train yelling about piss.
Oil?
Hype train are you ready to finally talk about oil?
Um, let me think about that.
Let me think about that, bitch.
I'm gonna say no.
So it's still Pissmas?
No it's the new year.
You're gonna have a way to put piss in new year?
You put piss in every year.
Every year gets piss in it naturally, babe.
And it'll happen whether I want it to or not.
Spoiler alert, I want it to happen.
But that doesn't mean I have to just talk about piss.
What else do you want to talk about?
Miracle whip.
Miracle whip?
Yeah.
What about it?
It's like, better than, uh...
Ice cream?
It's better than ice cream.
If anything, it's better than, I guess, cool whip?
Which I don't even agree with.
The Miracle whip.
Miracle whip is cool whip.
Yeah, no, it's different.
It's better than, uh, it's not as good as piss.
But it's my second favorite liquid.
It's a- it's closer to a solid hype train.
We don't have to do this, babe.
I don't have to disagree with this.
Cool whip is oil.
Listen up, Jack.
It's Gimmer Just Mama Jam 300, Sean.
He tasted coins and I have been dying to say this.
I'm ordering the kidnapping of the president of Austria.
Hungry, I haven't told him since he was sabotaging the start of Ben.
No!
I- this is- I rely on this to spawn into existence.
It's Gimmer. Thank you so much for the update.
Look, I mean, if any presidents want to rush to my defense...
I'll pass.
I'll pass.
Take my chances on my own.
You're rejecting Joe Biden's defense?
Yeah, I think I feel okay to do that.
Huge mistake, man. You never know what could happen.
And that's why I need a...
Miracle whip type beat.
You know?
I mean, I know that I can type that hype train.
But I don't know why that would be a thing.
Well, there's a free gunna type beat called Miracle Whip.
And it sounds like this.
Gunna type beat, Miracle Whip?
Yeah.
Well, we can't encourage drunk driving.
I was drunk at night, separately from the driver.
But before I was driving, I infected you some crack.
But that was fine because crack turns your brain on man.
Okay, we can't encourage crack driving or crack use in general hype train.
How about that as a New Year resolution?
That's all man resolution.
That is not my constitution.
But I got some intuition that crack is what I'm to blindfold on.
I've been driving nonstop.
But just so that it's clear, I'm not encouraging humans to do this.
I'm a train, baby. That's why I can do this.
I'm never not driving. That's the fact I want to bother.
If I'm driving, then you know that I am livin'.
Yeah, baby. It's a brand new year.
Vision unclear.
Right, baby. And backwards back.
Can you just not constantly flirt with actively encouraging drug use in drunk driving?
They don't mean this.
No, the internet's not...
Hmm, well, I also... wait, am I...
No, I wouldn't be on YouTube either.
I've got my most concerned face on.
I am still uploading at an incredibly low rate, so...
I don't know, I think it could be on Twitch's end, but it's more likely on my end.
I'll try to figure it out before the stream tomorrow if anyone can even hear me.
Tomorrow I'll try to get on earlier, like around 3.30.
So we'll do a Tuesday Wednesday stream, assuming I can get my internet to work.
Okay, I'll try to be on tomorrow at 3.30.
My internet is a mystery, so don't know what to do.
I'm doing the classic thing and reading what I'm typing.
To start all stream, if I go for it today, we're back to zero.
So I'll try this again tomorrow.
And tomorrow we can't possibly blame Kendall, because she'll be at the office.
Send money to Vanessa if you have some money to spare.
She's gonna lose her apartment.
Second... yeah, my upload speed is just... it's so bad.
For OBS only, so I don't understand.
It's gotta be an OBS thing because I think I'm also live on YouTube.
Send money to Vanessa if you...
I guess I could not stream on YouTube?
Well tomorrow we'll troubleshoot it some more.
I have no idea.
I'll try disconnecting and reconnecting.
It could be all my news stuff on.
And there's just no point.
The tragedies.
The tragedies we must all endure.
Serious buffering issues.
Well Steve, I've heard that from a couple people now, so maybe it's...
I'm assuming.
It can't keep up like this.
We'll hope for the best tomorrow. We'll see what happens.
Um... you know what? Let me close... let me quit Discord.
Let me just close everything that isn't an essential streaming.
Everything is... everything seems to be running so normally.
I don't know. I don't know.
Did that make a difference? Nope, that didn't make a difference.
Okay, I'm just gonna mess with stuff a little bit today.
And then hopefully we can just stream normally tomorrow.
And I'll use all that free time too.
Not do stream stuff.
Like I have an actual life.
I'll try to focus on that.
Alright, how annoying.
Apologies everyone. We'll be back tomorrow.
I'm gonna shoot for $3.30.
And with any luck, all of this will be sorted by then.
Um... the mysteries continue.
Have a great Monday if you can hear me at all.