I'm papita. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
It's a party it's a club girl party
Boom good to see everybody good to see gold replicant John Michael. Thank you so much for the sub gold replicant
Oh my god starting us off strong. I love to see it. I
Love to see it Jay money love the hate bundle spread apple to apple super be stony for seven entity
Reverie wolf so breechy. Thank you for the 10 finally dropping secretly club girl
In a form of sorts
Jay money everybody else Steve Steve Lee
That Steve is twice as nice
Boom look at all this madness
Yeah, you know what just because we have it
We will turn down
The hype train music and cuz you know I said I would do it literally a year ago
And then I finally released the thing I recorded months ago. We'll play club girl again instead
while we talk to the hype train and also briefly probably in a sec go amongst the web
How you doing hype train?
Sound a little different usual
Train seems a little weird today
Fine I guess
That's great
Thank you so much for the support everybody in honor of this club train
Can you think people I train?
Yeah
Steve Steve Lee
Thank you so much Steve
Can't forget about these hot tasty bits that keep the beat
How this song goes
So originally I was gonna put I was gonna have someone actually produce a club girl track for me
But I just realized eventually I didn't have time
And I was like, well, you know
I'll just put out the version I recorded a couple months ago
I finally put down the pen after writing this after writing the lyrics for a year
Yeah
Alright sick
Gold rough again case the hype train miss you. Thank you so much for that
Maybe should do some news even though this hype train is raging
Cuz I might have to stop a little sooner today
Maybe you just hang out hype train or what after I made that song for you
You made it. Yeah after I did that
Maybe you just hang out hype train. I refuse
I'm active you piece of shit
You are active. I'm extremely active right now. I am the club girl girl the club is a girl man
Well, what do you want to talk about? Let me talk about an eel sliding into a man's butt
Okay, I was gonna talk about that possibly so you can talk about the eel sliding into a man's butt
While you're alive. I
guess
If it's that important to you if I can even get the story up in time for you to talk about it hype train
There it is
They do live for a long time eels. I mean, maybe not as long if they're
wedged into a butt
Or maybe just as long. I don't know hype train. You don't have long to live though
I don't know if you have time to really get into this story
Don't doubt me. I can I can do it in 34 seconds
I
Don't have a beat
There's no time to get you a beat hype train. You're dead. I'm not
Dr. Pulse 26 inch eel out of man's backside after he forced the live creature into his anus along with 11
And it started to bite his large intestine. That's how you do that acapella. Thank you so much apple to apple
for the hot
100 bits
You know right where you can put those in the general bit jar not in a man's butt
Well
He died
Poochie has gone back to his home planet. No, sorry. I meant the hype tree. Oh, what about that you?
Yeah, he's in there man
Didn't get him out. Okay fine. I'll finish this really quick
A man who suffered stuffed alive suffered probably but stuffed alive eel up his backside was left in agony when the sharp tooth sea creature
tried to bite its way out of
his digestive tract and that's
Impressive that he survived that long
Find that out Papito horrified men X in Vietnam discovered a 26 inch long eel
What they found the eel and attempted to chew its way out by biting through the law of the wall of his large intestines
I mean good for the eel. What the fuck did it grow it up in there? Did he put it in while it was that length?
Initial attempts to remove the fish with the probe through his anus were thwarted when medics at viet duck hospital in Hanoi found a lemon
There too
Jesus surgeons had to cut in through his abdomen to remove the ill with forceps with stomach turning pictures
Showing the creature on the operating table the creature
I think the creature was on the operating table and it wasn't the eel the 26 inch creature is pictured on the operating table
Alongside a lemon that was also reportedly removed from the man's anus
That's just that's like I'm not that I'm that defensive of eels, but Jesus that is next level animal abuse
Yeah, I this removes I don't know if there's pictures of this, but I don't think I can show them
Doctors manipulated the lemon back down. We're not worried about the lemon
Doctors manipulated the lemon back down through the patient's anus till it popped out before stitching it up
Before stitching up the hole in his intestine and cleaning out leaked fecal matter
Dude, this is just this this article is written by either me or a six-year-old
Being like and then the his butt was stretched
out
His and the lemon was covered in poop. Well, probably was
Yeah, I mean I probably was I'm saying they're kind of getting into the gory details. It's the news. They've got to cover the facts
The fact is there's a lot of poop and there's a big deal in there
He was trying to cease in the eel of the lemon that's the implication I feel like I feel you
He's gonna eventually put a whole bag of rice up there, too
26 inches deep
Is your body that flexible? Can you really just put 26 inches of something up your butt and have it snake around in your intestines?
I guess
hospitals a hospital officials not named the patient
So sorry hospital. I'm a little thrown by this hospital officials have not named the patient and only identified him as a 31-year-old Indian National
He might want to keep his name under wraps here
Deputy director of the center of cold and rectal surgery doctor Lee not hoy
Said they had performed many surgeries to remove foreign objects for patients
I'll only say this
We've done this before he told the media how they had removed everything from glass bottles to sex toys
Well sex toys makes sense
But this was he said the first time they had to remove a live
Okay, that's a relief, but it won't be the last not if I have anything to say about it. Papito. No
I shouldn't know
Oh, right your voice with me young man. I have to Jesus
People absolutely should not insert animals through their anus is to create a strong
As the consequences can be severe
Listen, I've been a doctor for 40 years and in my medical opinion people should not insert animals through their anus to create a strong sensation
Yeah, I mean, I
Don't know how would you get out of what I mean? It gets it could wriggle around but what?
Imagine the sensory sensation of whatever was going on for that poor fucking thing
Experts say that as long as they are damp and direct sunlight eels can survive many days out of water and they were damp
Okay, and I think these pictures are being removed and that by this thing I used to read news stories without all the ads
Let me see if there's any picture in this I can show you
Not that you necessarily want to see it, but I'll see if there's like a PG one to provide any
Additional context to this important story that we're starting off technically our top story of the day. Oh
God oh
Oh
God, I can't show you any of this. I can show you the eel
You can find it though. It's you'll never guess it's on the daily mall
it's this
Effect they put a ruler next to this
It was just really adds to it. I don't I doesn't look like the eel
Is alive there? Maybe their top priority wasn't getting it into water. Oh
God had nothing to do with this. I you know, it's all it takes a lot to surprise me. I feel like
That didn't really surprise me. Yeah, but if I did it out of nowhere, we were talking about being surprised
It said it was a lemon I thought in the story does look like a lime
I'm upset that that's a lime and not a lemon or is just a really rotted lemon
Yeah, I don't want to you know, I'm done thinking about this
We're done thinking about this. Oh
That one kind of made me that I sometimes I really feel a story like in my guts and for some reason this one did it to me
Just marinate in it
Sit quietly and reflect for a moment case
And the power of the news
Maybe it's covered in poop
Think it's safe to say there was some poop going on
You're not observing the moment of silence
Okay, that's enough
That's enough thinking about it. Let's just move on to any other news any news at all
Send it over to the double desk. It's news time
That story didn't rattle me at all dude you need a you need you need thicker skin and intestines if you want to survive in this news game case
It means your boys check man's cake not just for sky it's anymore also for news of which I have always been
That's true. You're one of our earliest news guys. Yeah, man. I've been here shit. I'm kind of that day one guy
Big cheddar
big sky it's big newsmen
Good to see a chat, of course it is what are we talking about today? What's her fucking breaking ass news?
Trump loves black people hate questions
That sounds about right does it?
Half of that sentence sounds right and I'll leave it
To the viewers at home to decide
Apparently Trump gave what some people are calling a disastrous interview today
What I suspect
It just would be so hard for him to surprise me at this point. Who do you really said anything that crazy?
I guess let's find out. I'm ready and willing
News me senpai. Mr. President. We so appreciate you giving us an hour of your time
I want to start by addressing the elephant in the room, sir a lot of people did not think it was appropriate for you
To be here today
You have pushed false claims about some of your rivals from Nikki Haley to former president Barack Obama
Saying that they were not born in the United States, which is not true
You have told for Congresswoman color
To go back to
Animal and rabbit to describe black district attorneys you've attacked black journalists calling them. Thank you so much uncle Phil 2k
it's this
Parade of terrible things Trump has said
Drags on longer than some might expect. Let's see how many options she has
Losers saying the questions that they ask are quote stupid and racist
You've had dinner with a white supremacist at your Mar-a-Lago resort
So my question sir look when you say them all at once
Sure, I guess they all sound terrible
Every single one of them now that you are asking black supporters to vote for you
Why should black voters trust you after you have used language like that?
Well first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question
So in such a horrible manner
How are you his precious feelings because I think they're a fake news network a terrible network
I think it's disgraceful that I came here in good spirit. I
Love the black population of this country. I've done so much for the black population of this country
Including employment including
Opportunity zones with senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, which is one of the greatest programs ever for black workers and black
entrepreneurs I've done so much and you know and I say this
Historic so his response was that's mean
Well, it was really mean to ask him a question to explain all the things he said
You know some of them. I mean that would I would be like if someone used the things I'd said against me I would be upset
Because probably in context everything I've ever said is fine. I don't think that's true for anybody chat
I was up King of baking. We're just enjoying this guy saying some he's going a little he's going a little wild here
I'll give it to him look. I'm up. I'm of course a neutral independent minded voter
Yeah, that's been an epidemic on this on this news network. It seems for a lot of our
Anchors well, we're supposed to be fair and balanced case. I'm trying to give the benefit of doubt
He's making it a little difficult, but I will continue to attempt it Berkeley black colleges and universities were out of money
They were stone-cold broke and I saved them and I gave them long-term financing and nobody else was doing it
I think it's a very rude introduction. I don't know exactly why you would do something like that
And let me go a step further. Does that work if someone tells you all the racist things you've said. Can you just say it's rude?
Well, apparently you can just say that that's is what he's doing. I
Don't know if it's that effective, but also
Those are all things he said that a lot of people know about and his base does not seem to care
So I don't know well. Let's see how far he steps in it
Okay, we'll watch the feet and see how far the step is
I was invited here and I was told my opponent whether it was Biden or Kamala
I was told my opponent was going to be here. It turned out my opponent isn't here
You invited me under false pretense and then you said you can't do it with zoom
You know where's zoom she's gonna do it with zoom and she's this is a pro move the next time
Fellow whites anything you do anything extremely racist or misogynistic just yell at the other person you're being rude and actually you're late I
Don't even care if you just met him and just see it apparently it'll confuse everyone into submission
Not coming and then you are half an hour late just so we understand I have too much respect for you to be late
They couldn't get their equipment working or something
I have answered the question I have been the best
President for the black population since Abraham Lincoln
You just start off a question and answer period especially when you're 35 minutes late because you couldn't get your equipment to work in such a hostile manner I think
What was his argument there well you see he gave like term financing to a couple black colleges so
Presiding over the end of slavery verse that and we'll just and you decide
Who was the most important president to the best sorry
For black people okay. I'm weighing those two options currently. I'll really think about it. It's a disgrace
I really do. Let me just ask a follow-up sir, and then we'll move on to other questions here
Some of your own supporters including Republicans on Capitol Hill have labeled vice president Kamala Harris
Who is the first black and Asian American woman to serve as vice president beyond a major party ticket as a DEI hire?
Is that acceptable language to you and will you tell those Republicans and those supporters to stop it?
How do you how do you define DEI go ahead? I will say this is a totally fair question. I do wish
When trying to go after Democrats they would kind of refrain from using words like acceptable language because that's all just like
Red meat for their fucking base to be like what is acceptable language?
What you could just ask is she a DEI hired let him essentially?
You know
Spool out the rope himself and say all the terrible things
Whatever it's a minor quibble. I'm sure I'm sure he's gonna still say all the same awful shit
He would regardless of how the question is phrased
How do you define diversity equity inclusion? Okay? Yeah, go ahead. Is that what your definition?
That is that is give me a definition would you give me a definition?
Give me a definition. So I'm asking you a question. You have to define it define the define it for me if you just defined it
Sir, do you believe that vice president Kamala Harris is only on the ticket because she is a black woman?
Well, I can say no, I think he's did sort of define it like twice. So
I've known her a long time indirectly not directly very much and
She was always of Indian heritage and she was only promoting Indian heritage
I didn't know she was black
Until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black
So I don't know is she Indian?
This isn't the first time
The republes have been saying this for like two weeks now, but it is surprising to hear it every time
Can I turn black?
No, Chet. You cannot turn black
So she didn't I can't
No
So she was already black. Yes, Chet
The grunge can't best he can turn a grayish green still a problem
He's imploding won't matter to like 48% of the electorate that said this is a seems like a
textbook disaster interview
But it also sounds like him so if I already knew this about him should I still be surprised I
Am a little surprised but
It's just so hard to say there's been so many disqualifying things about him
for like
20 years, I mean not to bring up the grab them by the you know
But that happened and and he was voted in anyway, so I mean this is not good though
This has to turn I'd assume someone off
Is it turning people on unfortunately? It's probably turning a couple people on anyway
We're interrupting too much. I apologize in Russia black. She has always
I respect either one but she obviously does respect because she was Indian all the way and then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went
She became a black just to be clear sir. Do you believe I think somebody should look into that too when you ask a
Continue in a very hostile nasty town. It's a direct question
Did they not
The Republicans just realized that there's people with like
multiple races
Did they just think it's like you?
Have to pick a team
Yeah, I guess they think it's like shirts and skins or skins and skins
but you have to pick your skin and
She'd already picked a skin and then she changed skin mid game
Sounds pretty awful when you put it that way chat
Yeah, a lot of this is not sounding good
I am trying to remain fair and balanced though. So I just would like to point that out
So I can't say can I say I disagree with him and remain fair and balanced I think you can check
Sir, do you believe that vice president Kamala Harris is a DEI higher?
I mean, I really don't know could be could be there are some and there are plenty
I know this lady right over there
Harris is a fantastic person who just interviewed me at length and we had a great interview
I think and I heard you got very good ratings and when you told me it was the longest one of your life
So we had a good discussion. Look, I want to talk about why you're here today
It is not lost on us how divided we are as a country and
As you were coming today, we really got to see that we were divided along the lines of race along the line
I have to assume the reason he even agreed to this interview with three black women is
To try to appeal to some black voters
And maybe there's like, you know fringe super conservative black voters that this will somehow appeal to
And maybe I miss reading the situation but to approach the interview with this energy
Like why is he even doing it everything it feels like they're doing lately is just to
Excite like the fringes of the of the right base
Like everything that Trump is doing when it's seemingly what he needs to do is go more centrist and he just can't it's sort of like
Fascinating to watch he just cannot
He can't control himself and if it works then that's it's going to be pretty sad
Maybe this is him controlling himself
Maybe he wanted to say much worse things
That is a possibility. That's true
And there is this question of in this moment where we are
Why come here? What is your message today?
My message is to stop people from invading our country that are taking frankly
A lot of problems with it, but one of the big problems and a lot of the
Journalists in this room. I know and I have great respect for
A lot of the journalists in this room are black
I will tell you that coming
coming
From the border. What was that noise millions and millions of people sound like three people in the crowd
Wanted to get excited for that and then the rest were like no i'm not
It was a weird crowd noise that happened to be taking black jobs. You had the best
What exactly is a black job, sir? A black job is anybody that has a job. That's what it is anybody that has a job
And they're taking they're taking the employment away from black people
If you have a job
I guess you are actually black jet
Oh, shit. I have a job. Am I black?
Well, i'm gonna actually say no, but by his definition. Yes
So if i vote for trump, I get to be black
Uh, he might he might decide you are
Though I don't think you want to be a black person under a trump presidency by the sounds of it. So, uh, it's a it'd be a
Purick victory at best
A pyrex victory what am I supposed to be in fucking?
Store in a fridge. Oh, whatever. Let's just keep watching. Well, they're coming in and they're coming in
They're invading it's an invasion of millions of people probably 15 16 17 million people
I have a feeling it's much more than that
And and everybody's been seeing what's happened the first group of people the black population is affected most by that
And kamala is allowing it to happen. She's the boarder's the worst borders are in the history of the world
There's never been a borders are like this. She's never even essentially been she said
Not the right part of the border
So she was a border's where she's done a horrible job
These people are coming into our country and they're taking black jobs and hispanic jobs
And frankly they're taking union jobs unions are being very badly affected by all of the millions of people
That are pouring into our country and one thing has to we as we discussed
Many of these people are coming in from mental institutions from prisons from jails
They're gang members in other countries other countries are setting loose
They're prisoners. They're opening up their prisons and their mental institutions and they're taking their their bad people
drug dealers
gang members to find bad people real quick
I think we can guess how he defines bad people
Yeah, the late great Hannibal Lecter. He cannot
He literally he got asked a question about dei and various extremely questionable things he said in
About black people in various contexts and he just went back to the border
Well
If we know when you've located the primary issue in a country and that issue being that the Hannibal Lecters
refused to get passports
then
Well, you just got to scream it from the mountain
That that's your fair and balanced take chat. I don't know anymore
I'm not quite sure
How to balance the fairness
But we're almost done
And they're bringing them into the united states and by the way their crime rate is going down
And our crime rate is going to be a disaster. Mr president. Okay. I'd heard that that was a disaster
um
Let's just add let's let's ask chat. How would you grade?
That trump interview
and we'll just see
Oopsie, I did it wrong. I gotta do the other thing. Oh, no, there are options now
We'll just see we'll use the power of democracy exclamation point. Oh, and you can fill this out
So, you know
Just see how how he did and grades can be a lot of things pimp-tacular. That's that's pretty positive
Yeah, if you did pimp-tacular, that's about the best grade I can imagine empty is an option
Um, ooh, about a trillion percent and poop. So pimp-tacular nothing greasy
A trillion or something a very big number and poop are your options options exclamation point one through five and you can vote for that
greasy
greasy can be positive, right
hmm
Yeah, if you need something to be greasy
You know like a greasy spoon
Who poop is pulling ahead?
You hate to see that you hate to see you hate to see it go poop mode
Nice of see it end up upload that whole thing
That sorry. I'm just seeing if there's any other clips from that interview
How long was that interview? Oh, it's 40 minutes. Let's bring out the four
He could watch even more although. I don't know if I want to subject us to it. Oh, sorry. I missed two one
But I I'm guessing it was poop
Uh, yeah, scroll them through it looks like number five had it by a good amount
Poop is off the farts
It's rough when you get it when you get graded by a teacher and they pass your paper back in it just says poop
At the top in poop. I've had that happen before I once drove a teacher to go feral
in middle school
And they you know they acted sort of like a an insane caged animal just started
Grading everyone's papers in poop. What'd you do? I just was sort of me for like
Three years straight. I kept fail in the class and coming back
Hmm
You know, I don't want to watch that. I just can't my my trump
Uh tolerance is not as high as it might need to be to cover news accurately
Let's let's just see if I search
Trump
There's any other highlights from that interview
Okay, everyone is highlighting that seven minutes that cnn posted
And then um looks like okay, here's another trump question. This is this is I believe him responding to
An abortion question. Oh, well, he's warmed up. So I'm assuming this will go
Absolute gangbusters and then um jd. Vance. I'm gonna get my jd. Vance question and um to your point and to
Rachel's point
He
You know has a lot of opinions about childless women like myself or divorce people like yourself
Do you think well
I mean my point is here was said in a friendly manner. My point is
Uh-oh, he's tone policing. They hate that the republican party is getting a little bit too judgy about people's lives
When you think about abortion or wouldn't you tell our lean? Hello what jd. Vance is saying? I don't think look I think that
The democrat party is really the one that has the problem
I think they're radical on abortion because they're allowing abortion in the ninth month
They're allowing the death. They're allowing the death of a baby after the baby is born based on
Sir, that's that's the legal word every state in the country based on the governor of vijinia
They're allowing the death of the baby. The country is illegal after it's born
They're allowing abortions in the eighth and ninth month. Well democrats have denied. I think they're right and and I
and that's why
As much of a gotcha as I would assume
You know if it was if it was 15 years ago and a politician politician gave this interview
I'd be like that's gotta be the end of their career, right?
But he's done nothing but give interviews like this for like a decade
And he just straight up lies. Obviously you can't it's not legal to kill a baby after it comes out
After it's born. You can't murder it. You can't do not I mean maybe under extreme medical
Cervic circumstances where the mother's life is at risk
Then they then the baby might unfortunately be sacrificed in that case
Although a lot of those cases the baby would probably already
Be dying. Anyway, it's just fucking bullshit
As usual, but if I had to interview trump, I would have no ideas for how to
I just don't know what would get through to the people that are still gonna vote for him
You hear too much about post births
He loves he does love to talk about post births. It was some which some people call
birth
He wanted to abort tiffani wait. I don't even know who tiffani is. Is that one of his kids?
He thinks his mountainous piles of shit don't stink
I don't even know what he I don't I just don't get I don't get it
I I don't know what being in his brain is like maybe it's like terminator vision and and all of the little uh
You know viewfinders are just going insane with stuff that most of us could ever understand
You need to warn the wolves. Yeah, we're in the wolves for every
Uh, the abortion he's talking about is for fetuses that are dead or will kill the mother
Yeah, I mean i'm assuming that's what he's talking about but what he's saying is just complete nonsense. Uh, but it's also stuff that like
You know further right abortion advocates have been saying for like a long time
However, he's trying to say he's trying to without saying like hey female voters
I'm going to completely restrict your bodily autonomy. He's trying to hedge in that weird way of just
throwing out the most extreme thing to scare
people closer to the middle
To think that his views are acceptable, but to me it just seems like way too crazy and
Obvious what he's doing
Well, would it help if I told you that what you just said case confused me? Isn't that most things chat?
sometimes
Get him an old folks home
Well, there's a nice white house. He might retire to unfortunately
It also I've really gotten the vibe from Trump lately that he
The prospect of being president is weighing on him terribly not because he has some reverence for the position
But like because it's a pain in the ass it feels like
It feels like ever since he got shot and then the one too punch of the shooting not getting him the support one might think
it would and then
Of the JD Vance pick just going over, you know like a slop of wet muck straight down everyone's mouth
It just I don't know. He feels off. He feels off his game. Maybe that's just me being too um
hopeful
But if the the I often get the vibe from Trump that he like just feels like he's stuck in this and there's no way out for him
And I've really been feeling that lately. It doesn't look like he's having as much fun as he used to
Look into a critical thinking course
Like play Mario Kart and really focused up probably not shut
Uh, maybe he can just uh, maybe he's just tanking it so he can't be president
But I also think he's you know, he hates the idea of losing I'd assume
Yeah, if I had to break down his psychology, it seems like he hates to lose
I guess we could ask him. Oh no, are you gonna do do you need to jump thing?
Yes, we could talk to Trump. You guys can ask Trump your questions
I mean, he's a difficult interview clearly, but
He is a former president. So I guess I should talk to him if I can
And then we'll go amongst the web
This is um
Like eating our rotten vegetables before dessert
Secret service on triple diaper duty these days
Well, yeah, and I mean who knows what jd vance is filling up his diaper with
That's not one of his fetishes case. Let's not add extra fetishes to vance
I don't know. He might have a diaper fetish
Yeah, this is just speculation. He likes couches and dolphins. We can leave it at that
He's using one of the most devastating things that can happen in having to make a choice
Uh, and it's horribly gross. I mean
It does feel that way. Reverie. Well, it could feel that way because it is that way. That's definitely possible
No, let's add extra fetishes
All right. Well if we're adding extras, um
He likes to make little batman figurines out of beard trimmings
Not a fetish. That could be
He likes to eat glue like a kid in school
That's is that fetish? I think that's just a weird thing kids do but if you cjd do it
You'd realize it's a fetish cake farts. That's a classic
Could be one
I take it back. It's fun to speculate about his fetishes
until one of them
Becomes pretty until one of them, you know
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Um, all right. Well, fuck it. We'll we'll talk to trump for a sec and chat you can um if you have any questions for him
You can ask away and I will ask away
To get out of here unless of course, there's any sky so that can happen
I'm allowed to say that without triggering the graphic but for now
Of the news that was that which did not go as good as one might think but maybe who knows because the bar is so low of
The bar being me stepping over it to leave and to go to the bar. I'm chit
Okay, chit is leaving. That's what he was trying to say there
He's out of here
Dolphin feet? Ooh dolphins with feet. That's kind of a unique one
All right, if you have any questions for the president, we'll talk to him for like a couple minutes
That might be all we can have that might be all we can stomach
But uh, you know, I do have him available. So I may as well. I may as well go for it
Uh joining us hopefully and working correctly
We'll assume
Also, we got a hot dj music on the horizon
Anyway, here's the former president a former president
A former president
Uh, is your is your is your thing working? Can I be heard?
There's a lot of really nasty stuff going around people don't want to hear me
Uh, some people some people that are against me
This is just like a green day concert you went to well
It's probably I've been told that I'm even more exciting than green day
Even go way crazier for me because I
I I can be I could color a day anywhere I want today. I colored I colored the day black
Like you're but in a positive way everybody's saying
Trump did one of the best black days ever actual black people love what I said
I've asked what does it work for me and they looked at
So I was just repeating what you were saying, mr. President
I just can't help myself
Um, sorry. Let me just repeat the question that you were asked earlier that
You seemingly
I'm sorry. I'm probably on a weird delay actually
Sure wait, I'll do this
Okay, now I should be normal
I'm a ventriloquist
Yeah, I was throwing my voice really crazily. Okay. I think I've realized how this should technically work now
Um, sorry. You were asked a pretty direct question
Uh
And I'll remove the part about an appropriate language because obviously you're just going to ignore that
But uh, you know, you've been saying come all is a dei higher. Is she is she a dei higher? Can you just answer that?
Well, let me just say
You're ugly
I actually couldn't hear the question because
You just you look like
You look like something I can't quite put my finger on it
But whoever they are they look gross you don't keep up with yourself very well. Your hair is terrible
Um, you look around in a way that's unpleasant. I don't like your beard and your maybe if you had blue eyes
Maybe that could fix the whole thing for me. But because you don't
I just I didn't hear the question and I won't hear the question
And you're ugly and it's bad that you asked and you should be ashamed
Yeah, that's a little mean
It's a little meaner than I was expecting
What's your favorite thing about black people that's should be a little bit easier for you
easier for you
um
I mean, I'm thinking because there's just so some of the best people they're they're incredibly
Okay, people look people like
People might get mad at this but they're really fun to fire
I fired a lot of them and look I mean I fire everybody but I'm just saying there's some of the people that take it the best
When I fire them
Uh, I'd let them go they never say
None of the people I fire say that it's because they're black
They just they're really good at accepting it when I fire them
And uh, and they don't make it about race some of the field is my every white person I fire says are you firing me because I'm like
Black people. Nope. They just they just take it. Uh, let's see. I also like, um
Hey
Oh, I like Denzel in training day
He was great in that. I mean it really brought some grittiness to it
You could really feel is like embody, you know the underbelly of the city
In a way
I did some people are saying, you know, maybe he wasn't a corrupt cop
Maybe actually it was the city that was corrupt and he was the hero they needed and actually that story is a tragedy
And that's the kind of gravitas Denzel brought to the movie training day. He's also good in the equalizer
I guess I'd say my favorite thing about black people is Denzel Washington
And that's pretty uncountable every members and I never met that they agree
Okay
My kind eyes here. I'll switch them up. Uh, trump. Can you can you come a little closer to the camera?
Uh, oh, he's just he did it before I even asked actually
He did it well before I even asked
Asked like I didn't come closer to the counter because you asked
I just shifted over slightly. I'm standing in front of my favorite picture of the white house and one of my favorite flags
And now I'm ready to focus up and answer these questions and not that I need to focus
I don't have to think for a second to answer these low ball
Stupid questions from an ugly round man
My lips are wet
Sorry, uh today is national orgasm day. Oh god. What was your best orgasm?
Uh
look, uh one time I got sued over a golf course in scotland and
Um
The day they got the diet and the guy that sued me died of natural causes. I had just a real
I had a real pants ripper
um
I doubt without even trying to my one of my aides informed me. Hey, the guy that's suing it just passed away
But it was like a you know, he's like a local mayor or something and I just rip one out
You know, I don't really get I don't have to get hard to come. That's one of my skittles. It just leaks out
So that leaks out like a you know that if you cut the tip of a of a really sloppy sausage
Um, it's sort of dribbles out and I had a just a real big dribbler that day
Sleaky pipe. Just why was that?
I'm sorry everyone. Mr. Trump. What is your favorite flag?
I just think um
The design of our flag is a little I love the I love the I love the red white and blue. I do think we could simplify it
Um, maybe that was red
Like you just take out. Okay, it's fine. You leave the red and the white
And I do think having a square in the corner is a little confusing
so, you know, you take the red and the white, maybe just put a white circle in the middle and
And you know, this country moves in a lot of directions
So maybe to symbolize all the directions that we move in as a people we draw some lines in the middle of that white circle
pointing in a couple different directions
Uh, you know, like like a square with some of the parts taken out
Just to symbolize that when a country moving forward in a lot of different directions
I would say a red flag with a white circle and uh, you know, just sort of a geometric
Square shape in the middle but with a you know, big chunks out of the square taken out little paths
Little connecting paths
I'd like I like the idea of that flag
Just going to do one more question
Um
Why did you go outside?
Why is it snowing?
and actually outside of hunter biden's
hunter biden's trellar
And this this is just cocaine dust
He's sort of like doing it's like a looney tune style fight, you know
When there's the big puff and used to see the arms and the legs sticking out
That's what it's like when hunter biden does cocaine
I'm outside of his trellar right now and it's just it's sending a flurry of it at me
He's in there with um
You know five or six prostitutes and they're just I mean I'll get it to it sounds like they're having a good time
I won't be joining
That's not the kind of thing I do anymore. Actually, it's not the kind of thing I've I've never done
I'm not a christian. I am that mean I am a christian so I don't not do those black christian things that I'm not
And uh, look, I just want to say this whether you're a black
White or grudge or whatever else is a race
You I've got a specific job for you. I've got a job for every race. Some of them are various
I've got black jobs. I've got nexican jobs and of course I've got the good white jobs and
I'll be giving them to everybody and
In a sense, I have a job and I am I'm a proud black man
job giver and
You won't have to vote for anybody soon. So just don't even worry about it
I you don't even need to listen to me talk because it sits over. I'll be president for sure
And what I am just know every race will get a specific job
I'm busy. I gotta go
Okay, the president's busy and he's got to go. I guess he's out here. He got up and left
He already got up and left
Well, that didn't really clarify anything. I couldn't quite crack the code either
I think the only thing to do at this point
Is to abandon the news and go amongst the web
Or hopefully there's not any news
Maybe we'll be safe from the evil eye of news in the land of webs
Well, let's send ourselves there. It's time to go amongst the web
In the safety of the luminous arms of the webs
Intertwined around us
Protecting us from this man's terrible news
That's not my news. Whoa. You look weird in the close-up. Look weird in the close-up
You look different in the close-up
Good to see everybody. I'm of course Jeff Ripple. Not always a newsman. Well always a newsman
But parentheses web man
I also do webs
Oh, thank you, Jeff
Yes, I smoke unfiltered and it's great. I agree livens lazy
Smoke unfiltered. Oh, yeah, if you're gonna smoke smoke
And the warren shot Jeff has no legs. No, look, what the heck what happened to my legs? No
I'm just I'm at a really weird angle today
Case, what did you do to what you do to my legs?
I said if you misbehave I'd break your legs
You said that. Oh, sorry. I think Sammy said that
Well, anyway, just know that they're there
Everything's fine
You say so
Okay, well look there's a lot of webs. I'm assuming actually I haven't looked. Let's see how much webs there are
How much of a web is there?
Oh, we got some webs to do today
And just to start off I'd like to just show everyone this
Oh, look at that couch. Wow
Is that does that the couch you're gonna end up getting for the for the studio case?
What'd you ask pay attention? No, no, no, I don't I don't think I can afford it
It's too fancy
I need to just get an Ikea couch if they start selling it at Ikea
Then yeah, we can go with that one
If I ever moved I actually I guess I could get that as a couch
But it's becoming difficult to tell if I will. Oh my gosh. What the heck?
Oh my god quick play club girl
To celebrate no
We can't just play club girl. Whatever we got a bunch of subs. Whoa club girl. You know that this is my song
It's the train song. Nope. This is me
I'm cutting off club girl for now. Thank you so much
Dilemma for dropping the hot 10 hottest 10 around in honor of dilemma
Let's watch a web video. We're gonna do that. Anyway. Yes, but now it's an honor of dilemma case
It's it's like naming a wing after someone. This is now the official dilemma webs video
Well, I hope it's a good one. We don't we don't watch these in the head of time
Kendall does need a kitchen. Why are you keeping Kendall from moving case? It's not my fault
I desperately want to I swear. Then don't talk about it. Move about it. I would love to I swear
I would love to let's just watch a web video, please
A web video. Yeah, it's a web video
All right. Oh my god, Pissapia are you hot in there? But they are clearly intoxicated
Pete what's your bab say? What's your bad? Oh deputy marshal
What should Pete pursue anything physical right now?
Pete stops and does not pursue anything
Whoa way to go Pete. He knows that an intoxicated person cannot give effective consent to sexual activity
Pete's the man we all aspire to be
Just a cowboy in a big hat. What's not to love? I haven't seen a man like that
Since this gorilla over here. Oh, yeah, look at him go. He's playing double time today, baby
Boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba boomba
Look at him. He looks great
We get a good can we get a cowboy hat on this gorilla? No, that's more work than you think Jeff
But you got to spy a hat. No, I swear it's more work than you think
I don't live it's easy. Do you know what the source of that is?
Is that like a a joke thing or is that like an actual
training video where they have a giant cowboy man?
Well, look, just know that this isn't a rating up based on consent
This is a rating of the quality of the video not the quality of consent
Yeah, we I swear to god our chat our chat does give consent to 10 out of 10 10 out of 10 for consent here
I know I said we were done with politics, but uh, we do have little politics lined up in the web here
Apparently, let's see what this Kentucky governor Andy Beshear has to say maybe it's fine. Actually, we'll see
Folks, I've been a person that that when
Sometimes I've I've gone over the line. I've wanted to make sure that that I set the record straight. So
I do owe an apology
To diet mountain do
al 81
Is definitely the soft drink of Kentucky
But I don't believe that government should be making your decisions
So if you enjoy diet mountain do
UBU we want to support you
and
To diet mountain do
Very sorry didn't mean to say negative things about you
Just remember I am from here just like everybody else that's speaking out. Thank you all very much
Should it be illegal for politicians to do memes? You know, I think that might be uh,
That might be a bill we could all get behind
Politicians can't post or discuss memes of any kind even ones about them
It'll be tricky because a lot of them are about them
But I do think it should be illegal. Whatever that was. I do think needs to be illegal
I think we actually yeah, I think everybody can get behind that
That does mean that like um
Even like the democrats can't lean into like the Kamala brat stuff
I do think that'd be for the best for them too
If they just let other people do it there can still be memes about politicians. They just can't do it themselves
As soon as you enter office, you actually have to give your social media over to somebody else. So we know it's not you
A 1.5. I'm sorry Andy Beshear. I know you were trying to have fun, but
You're new shouldn't yeah, he really shouldn't he should stop that
This is what fun looks like Andy
Don't even compare the gorilla to Andy and whatever that was
Let's watch. Let's get a palette cleanser going
Damn color me impressed. Wow
That looks fun, but I do think I might die if I did it
Yeah, it looks fun because he's probably actually good at snowboarding. I would just
already be
Ostrich planted in the ground my snowboard would just be sticking up
Like a little grave monument to myself. I could instantly become my own grave monument if I do that
Wow, we save everybody so much time and money takes face plants into the ground legs sticking up instant monument to himself
Maybe that's the way I want to go
Just in a snowboarding accident. Yeah, just use my decaying corpse as my own grave monument
There's not enough grave monuments nowadays
You can only use a grass board once. Oh, yeah, that's probably not good for the snowboard
Maybe the grass is really smooth
You need extra smooth grass like an extra smooth 8.11
Uh-oh, this kid thinks he might get canceled or it's a bit. Let's see what it is
This might get me canceled, but I am free from sin. Jesus. All I need is him
You want to abort him?
According to trump, it's legal to
Yeah, maybe this one time we can uh
Follow whatever trump think is is happening and do a really really late term one on him
A seven jojo's a fan of that one holding it above the zero threshold. Well, you know the auto tune was okay
Yeah, the you know the auto tuning was kind of well done
A
Point five. Ooh this I see that one. I thought was a real candidate for the actual hard zero, but
He escaped
He escaped that terrible thing
But I mean he told us the only time he's
What did he say the only time he went hell is when I'm breathing in
Yeah, what was his lyric there? What was his bar there?
Only time you'll see me inhale is when I'm breathing in. Oh only time you see me inhale
Is when I'm breathing in
Isn't that more of a pun on the on the word hail like a hail storm? Oh my god. He's breathing in hail
That's gotta be bad for your throat
Yeah, I think that's what he meant. He's the only time I see me in a hail store is when I'm breathing in
He breathes really deeply when he's in a hail storm
Because it's stressful. I guess I get that
Anyway, that might get him canceled
The only issue there is that he might get canceled
All right, we got a we got a little instagram here. Let's see what's going on
Good to see if taylor mailer
It's never smart to text and drive, but if you're going to you actually have to train for it and that's what he's doing
He's training up on a back road
To text and drive by by pushing it to the limit. I don't think that's a good idea, jeff
I'm just saying if you have to text and drive then at least now he's really he's done it with weighted clothes on essentially
I don't think you're holding two phones and smoking a spliff is actually
That unusual probably in certain certain parts of the country
Well, maybe in any part of the country that's true. I shouldn't limit it to parts of the country
That does feel like um, I briefly went to a school called hampton sydney
And if they'd had phones, I feel like they they would have been doing that kind of stuff
It's cruising down those back roads double phoning. You got the girl giving you the spliff. Wow. We're in heaven, baby
Yeah, the heaven of farmville, virginia
Oh boy
It's rfk
Oh my god, it's rfk
What's he got to say this time is another rfk animal update? I do kind of enjoy these. Let's see what he's got
Everybody I hope you're having a good independence day weekend
I just made my morning hike and uh
I got this blue belly. They're all supposed
Western fence slitzers look how beautiful that little fella is
Anyway, I'm gonna let him go
of course, um
I'll say goodbye
Oh, he's showing us. He's confirming
Bye
Tillie's pointing on the lizard
Put it in front of your dog. Hey everybody. I hope you're having a good I'm having a good day. Don't worry
You know, I appreciate a more humanistic angle to a presidential candidate, but
Not everybody needs to be president. You don't need to run
You couldn't there's a lot of ways to be successful in life
Yeah, you know, maybe just maybe just become
Lizard man backyard lizard man
Yeah, there's a little angle for for rfk here just kind of leading into social media plant of a plant and
That guy yeah, he just finds little creatures in the woods and
And then if you haven't heard of him before you're like, oh my god, is he okay? And then you're like, oh, that's a condition
I've seen a lot of people say that uh his
endorsement could really tip the election one way or the other and I just not
Not sure it matters as much as people might think
You don't think the rfk endorsement could be incredibly consequential
Oh the new steve urwin pivots into the new steve urwin. Well, when he's pivoting you just need to be careful what he's pivoting into
Jeff no, I just mean, you know, he needs to have a lot of expertise in animals before he does that
Well, he's training up currently
I mean, he's got an animal in his head. How do you how do you train more than that? There might be ways
All right, let's move away. Let's
We're drifting back into politics. Let's just figure out whatever this next thing is
Speaking of the pin
So like he has the largest I've ever ever seen like nine
Because I know it because I always know this is six because I measure it because I don't want men to fool me
So every time before I do anything with them, I'm like measure it
So like I know it's one two three nine
But you know what for someone who's so handsome and so well endowed. He's really not good at
You know s e x
It's just there's just it's just you know, it's how you use it. You know, there's such a thing going too big
I feel like I'm missing context here
uh
Isis Hong
Is she famous?
Who's she talking about? Is that just a general are these just words of affirmation?
For those um endowed like endowed like chet
Oh, don't chet will get upset. I just mean, you know the hand science endowment of chet
What the hand science says chet's working with my ex-girlfriend
Yeah, does that does that upset a guy to hear that or are they like at least she said it's big
Hmm. Can you insult a guy?
If you say it's big or are we dumb enough?
That as soon as you say it's big we just stop listening. I did sort of stop listening after she said it was big
Why I don't know my brain is just like yeah it is it wasn't even talking about you jeff
Anyway, then she said something else about sex, but I'm assuming it was great because
Well, that guy's working with nine
I think the weirdest thing she said is that she makes the guy measure it
Before him that sounds a little like a lie. It's just such an awkward request
Can you measure your dick before we hook up? I mean most guys probably would and then they'd lie about it
But still kind of weird
It comes with instructions like Ikea furniture. Ah
Oh, she measures by her hands
Hands don't lie
She's measured her hands so she knows she's got three inch hands
And it's nine
Using her hand width
Well
Actually have very thin hands. They look pretty normal. No, they're super thin
Uh, I heard she is an eel for size comparison
Maybe
Okay, we got a number to get through still what's happening here
Oh my gosh
No sound here
Whoa
You don't have to worry about his technique ladies
These were good with a 20 foot sailboat
And the gyrations are on point
That's hot that
That's hot. Is that what qualifies this hot that is what qualifies this hot
I'm hot and bothered
We're back on that straight 10 train
Give that a nine
Tell you work with the boat Jeff
Doesn't matter how big the boat is I think with boats it
Does matter how big the boat is
I feel like I saw new another dimension there briefly. We're seeing things Jeff. What?
All right
Well, a well deserved a well deserved nine
But that's straight nine king
Pumping the nine into the boat
This is uh
There's cardboard beds at the olympics. I didn't know this. This is an informative piece of webs
These are the cardboard beds at the olympics and they're being tested
Stress test these beds. Okay. We're testing the bed the cardboard bed go
Whoa
I thought it was gonna break for sure. Oh
Wow
Are they testing their spines as well? Oh attitude adjusted
I don't know if this is gonna get confused because of the bed actually
Wow, I could watch them test that bed all day Jeff
I don't even know how old those girls are
I like watching beds get tested. It sort of felt like I was watching one of those
Videos they did the tickle documentary about oh the tickle championships. What's wrong with those?
I might need to make you watch a documentary Jeff. Is there something wrong with the
all-male tickle championships?
They've been off the air for a while, but they're not good
You bet all the beds in the olympic village are getting tested pretty thoroughly
It's important to stress test those some of the strongest pelvises in the world
Are going to be doing marathon sessions on those bad boys. So
Shout us to the tickling documentary actually one of the more disturbing documentaries. I've seen in a while
There's obviously worse things in the world, but
Surprisingly unpleasant story the story of those
Of the tickle videos
Damn, we can't have anything nice anymore. Hey, when are you gonna pogo with Kendall?
Oh, wait, you know what? I should talk about that after this
We got a buy maybe we'll buy a pogo on stream buy a pogo on stream. Oh my god
Yeah, okay. This looks harmless. Well is a man staring at a camera ever
Totally harmless. Let's find out case. Did you ever get the blazer?
Uh, we'll talk about that after this too. And there was an issue with the blazer. I might have to reorder it
Hi, I have a magic equation for you. Uh, stay tuned
So as you know, I basically thought I was god for 30 years and uh
That got me in a lot trouble got me in a lot of sticky situations a lot of hospitalizations and uh
Endless medication and everything which which I support
I I take my medication peacefully religiously
Every day and uh, I feel it's the reason that I've been so
strong in my recovery, but um in order to like put myself in
perspective I came up with and says saying dale equals god
I came up with a equation, uh, which is uh
Jesus equals god squared equals dale cubes. So the dale is always smaller than Jesus and god
But uh, recently as I consider doosnie land doosnie world
Not disney land, which is corrupted, but disney world doosnie world
I've come up with a new equation, which is
Jesus equals god squared equals dale cubed
Equals do squared equals do
The emperor of heaven
So if you want to talk to me, uh, god is like the greatest, uh, free psychiatrist in the world
So DM me have a great day
Kind of call note dr. Chath at the end there
Well dr. Chath's not free. I got to pay every time especially on short notice, which it always is
Oh
I use him a lot
Yeah, I haven't seen a lot of charges from dr. Chath
He's just a real voice to listen to you know
He's a voice to listen to yeah, you know, he sort of talks more than I do
So I just find that comforting
Well, I'm glad dale
What are you gonna be glad for so I was trying to think of what I was glad for for dale there
But um, I think I might still mostly be worried about dale
This is my first time seeing dale and me as well
And I am a little I feel a little concerned for dale. Hmm. Well, he's got a new equation. He sorted it out
He is lesser than jesus at all times courtesy of doosney world and
Hmm
That was dale on his meds
Well, he's gotta he put on a tie. That's more than I do. That's true
Case forbids me from wearing a tie. Well, I just want to solve kind of the same outfit. It's weird
We're not a football team case
I should have my own blazer. That's so much work for me. It's work when I put on a different blazer. Wow. Okay
Sorry, let's go back. We miss what the heck. Oh, it took me a second
Is that what kendall's been doing in san diego?
Well, because I'm so respectful it wouldn't even matter, jeff
If it was a three-person pogo, we're talking about pogos. Well, we gotta buy the pogo later
And look at this guy go
I was impressed that was impressive
This is smart. It was a smart way to train
Uh, wait until she finds out that he can soak his taken vinegar
You know, I didn't I was gonna soak an egg and I didn't even have enough vinegar. I need to go buy vinegar to soak an egg in it
The weird statement case. Well, I swear it makes sense. It was a request from chat. Oh my god
We did it. We did it to 10
We believe in self-defense on this stream
When are you gonna get a self-defense correspondent and should it be me?
It may be not you what?
Okay, that's true. I don't know how to defend myself, but I could learn if anybody's gonna learn it's gotta be jeff. Oh true
Okay, let's do
two more
Apologies, I'd like to shout out who's submitting all these but case still has his
stream in streamer mode
So I can only tell if it's like livens leasing
And I think some breeches so anyway, this is
l.dot.dot
But thank you for all the submissions. We sincerely appreciate it
I don't mean to take credit for them by not shouting them out
It's just annoying to switch it off streamer mode
That's true. Jeff. We're in agreement there
And also, maybe they don't want to be shouted out. Maybe they want these to be their secret videos
Ooh a little secret video
Let's watch another secret
Oh, I'm already scared. What's happening? What? The audio is brutal
We're gonna turn the audio down so we can watch that back. What flew over there? Is that person? What the hell? Is that a person?
Oh, that's
Little less worried about it being paranormal
And um a little more concerned about
The guy
Yeah, I was hoping it was up
I didn't even notice it was a person in the first time
It was the doppy
Weird object knocks out a man
No, that looked like a guy. Am I seeing the video wrong still?
There's not a guy standing there. Is there?
I'm gonna watch this again because I
Oh, what?
Okay, it hit a guy. I thought it was a guy flying
into a wall
All right, I don't know what the fuck that video is but I'm not gonna show it again just in case that guy is
dead
I'm sort of scrolling the reddit here just to see
Okay, they're all just
Worried that it's a ghost
I'm worried that something in that video is a ghost but not the thing that hit him
He still had on one shoe. He's fine
That's true lately when people get their shoes knocked off. They're totally fine and then they stand up and say let me put
On my shoes. I've seen that happen recently. You've seen that happen recently. Yeah, I've seen that a couple times recently
You can't quite remember where uh, let's see. We got uh, let's end on
Hmm
This is how I defend myself
That's another defense video maybe
Hmm
Okay, I don't know what this is. Oh no
Sorry, there's a minecraft bombing video
Tim Roth, William Defoe, Adrian Bodie, and okay, let's end with a little celebration of celebrity culture
Bit of load
Okay
Yeah, here we go. Let's let's get some fashion going for our last video
Oh, it's not the celebrities. It's their fashion or wait, is it I can't tell
Oh, it is the celebrities
They're having fun. It's William Defoe
In his classic
look
Oh, it's Adrian Brody as
Co- got guy
Oh
Shit, it's Gary Oldman
As all of them dressed as nazis I guess is that the vibe we're going for here
The celebrity Nazi fashion show
Sheik Nazi
Sheik villain you're adding nazi they if you dressed
Some of them they were playing a nazi that would have to be a normal nazi. Look no, they'd have like medals and stuff vampires. Okay fair vampires
The music was intentionally blown up. Yeah to celebrate
how
Cool that is I kind of appreciate fashion shows for
How when you're not in the fashion they really look
Super embarrassing, but I like I like super embarrassing things. So I just don't know if that's how they're taking it
Fashik. Oh fashik
The new sheik is fashik
We might be careful or it it could be the new a lot of things
Long arms starting
Wow
Well, you know, I think that's as good of one to end with as any sure
Hold the cord
Well, uh, thanks everybody for hanging out. I'm gonna go get some legs again. I really do like having legs
It's one of my favorite appendages to have
They're pretty solid. I do like having legs
But thank you for hanging out. You've been amongst the web with this year guerrilla
But for now we'll send you back to your regularly scheduled
News punishment with this guy. See you soon
What the heck
Where'd these people come from case what's happening?
So unsettling without the music. They just love the show
Okay, we'll see you all later. Bye. Bye case. What's going on with your music?
Why is the music back now?
The music start at the end
It's a lot spookier without the music. I blame Jeff. I guess I should blame papita
Sure blame me. I probably did it
It was just a sound effects showcase. I cut the music for you. Thanks so much papita. I'm helping
Yeah
Hmm
Okay, do we have any other segment requests or
Is it dealer's choice? Oh, we had a music request. I guess we'll end with music
Yeah, and we're using
Okay
Little did I say I would talk about today
Talked about the eels. Oh boycotts
Oh, yeah, I saw that boycotts were supposedly working. Oh the blazer. Yeah, so uh, it didn't get delivered
It got registered as delivered, but it never arrived and then I contacted
Sheen customer service and it turns out that's
Not that much of a thing
It's like automated and I couldn't contact them about my delivery because it was marked as delivered
I could no longer dispute that it was delivered
Then I had to contact the shipper
And uh, it's also possible that might install it
I it's it's actually very possible. We've had a number of packages go missing
One of them. I won't say who
might
Anyway, uh, we I don't have it. So I'm either gonna reorder it or um, I
Apparently I can get a refund via the shipping
It's only 28 bucks, but it and but it took so much time
I'm like not even sure it's worth the 28 dollars to spend more time on it
But apparently I just need to email the one more thing and I could get a refund
Need to report them
Yeah, I mean I just I'm so close to moving
I kind of don't want to
Just don't want to spend time on it
It's a little bit the principle of the matter
Yeah, if I see someone around my building wearing it'll be like, hmm
It's just it ultimately some things are more of a headache for you. Like if I actually
Reported that or like even accusing them. It's just possible because we've had a number of kennels had some packages go missing
Um, I don't know. It's a little weird
But I don't I honestly don't think it was delivered because I got a notification saying it was
Checked within like 20 minutes and it was already gone
Um, so whatever we just we have to either get a different one or get the same one
I could honestly get like a nicer coat than a sheen coat
Maybe I'll maybe I'll just do a little research off stream
Um, and then obviously I'll have to get munch's approval
Because it's uh, it's munch's code actually
Anyway speaking of things not getting delivered. Let's find out what's pogo
Stick we can fail to actually have arrived
Can I show amazon without it doxing me? Let's find out amazon and pick up at locker
Normally, I don't have that big of an issue with stut with deliveries, which is why it's like maybe it's not getting stolen
Maybe it's just my building is also huge and confuses a lot of people
So it definitely could be that as well
Okay, let's see what we got here
Pogos
Should I go off amazon or should I go with a local mom in pogo shop?
We got the 39 $80 to 160 lb spoiler alert that will not cover me and uh spoiler alert neither will the 120 to 210
I honestly think maybe I've uh
I've I've weighed myself out of the pogo game
so
I would literally need like a I need one that can support up to 250 pounds if I want a pogo
That's just the way it goes sometimes
In fact, let me search for that
250 lb's pogo stick
Oh, wow. Does this claim to do it?
Does she install pogo's?
They might
All right
Nope, this one does not I don't see. I don't I don't know if there's one that will support my
powerful heft
Yeah, looks like the highest they go up to on amazon is 210 pounds
I guess I could make that a uh
A fitness goal get fit enough to use one of these pogo sticks
But maybe in the meantime
We just get kendall
Because she's
Wow, this one only supports up to 80 pounds. Uh-oh
Okay, this one's only 40 dollars
I'll show it to you in just a sec
Is that dangerous though?
Am I putting kendall at risk?
Which isn't my favorite thing to do. I swear
Let's see if I can I think now I can show this without it
Putting my information on blast
This is the other this is the kendall possible pogo stick
You can pogo at 210 pounds
I need one with a picture of millhouse dabbing
I could order that as a shirt
for kendall to wear while she pogo sticks
Oh, the prices actually go higher. Why is this one more?
Just the color
Why is this one 50 and this one's 40?
This one's 60
Ooh, but kendall would like this color
But it is way more
You got a new reason to lose 20 pounds?
Don't we all I might need to lose like I guess 40 pounds
This one's also 70 because it's red. Oh wait. No, this one's red
Huh, I don't know what makes them
I don't know what's
adjusting the price here
Get her a helmet. I do already have I have a biking helmet
Does you need a specific pogo helmet?
Okay, I kind of
I don't need to spend 60 dollars on it
But my instincts tell me this is the color that will make kendall happiest
And if I'm gonna make her pogo on a stream
I feel like I should consider her aesthetic tastes
So I think
Oh, I'll have it tomorrow
Damn you can do this next week
I'll be out of town on Friday actually so I won't be streaming
I guess if this arrives in the morning we can do it tomorrow. I'm going for it
Fuck it. I'm going in
Yeah
I have 150 dollars in credit card points. I can use this pogo stick is basically free
Dude, this is a zero dollar pogo stick. It turns out if someone steals this pogo stick
I'm gonna be pretty upset. Okay. Now. I just have to quickly search millhouse dabbing t-shirt
Because I do like that idea as well
So I don't know if it'll arrive at the same time
There's no shirt of him dabbing
There's room in the market everyone
There's a lot of dabbing t-shirts
But I'm not seeing a millhouse dabbing t-shirt. I mean look at all these options
None of them millhouse even goku's getting in on this
Cupid dabbing that's kind of fun
Two t-rexes dabbing how about millhouse vibing?
I mean that's gotta be a thing right? This is not millhouse
This is not millhouse at all
Oh, this one's kind of a vibe
This is sort of millhouse vibing. That's honestly that's pretty good
It's a pretty good t-shirt
Putting it under consideration. Maybe that's the new blazer
It's just everyone in this network in a millhouse t-shirt. Does that work papita?
I mean I think that's a huge improvement
Yeah, maybe we just do it the next time we're at
Venice Beach
That's where the real millhouse t-shirts are
Uh, you'll find they're probably wearing the sheen blazer in pogo. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I'm gonna keep my eye out around this apartment complex
For the pogoing thief
Okay
music
What else we went amongst the web but we have to do the music
We could do something else quick
Wear green shirts and have any outfit you want
Oh, maybe
They might need to be uh green shirts hooked up to an elaborate 3d
Bottling system with various bubbles on them
Um, but that would be fun if I could pull that off
No, she's encouraging immersion
Do do do do do do do do do do
All right, I'm just checking the news here real quick
You
Sorry, there's there's an ai story. You know that makes me want to click on it
My favorite subject
Oh, you know what wait never mind. I had a thought and it evacuated
Let's um, bring over lily on and talk about this ugly ai stuff lily on uh
How you doing you know me right? Yeah. Yeah, I know you. Oh, right
What are you talking about hideous ai?
Everyone hates hideous video celebs
Hugging their younger selves
Everybody
What if I like it?
What if I love it breaking news everybody
Everybody's being a hater
especially case
Who just can't get with the times and love ai likes the rest of us? Let's see what we've got
Everyone hates the hideous ai video of celebs hugging their younger selves
They're making it really awkward and creepy
For some reason an artist has taken images of celebrities hanging out with their younger selves
And given them the ai treatment and the results are
Oh, and I'll be the judge of this positively nightmarish
the original work in question was created by dutch artist and
odd
Galanik who's manipulated images of celebs like wil smith got raved tom hanks canoodling with their younger selves
And they went mildly viable in 2021
Wait, oh, he's been those were manipulated images
Uh three short years later the digital art landscape looks different accordingly
He set ai loose on these works and the results are uncanny. Well, no reason to beat around what?
Don't speak for me. No reason to beat around the bush. Let's see what we've got here
Oh
They're also bashing
And it's that one was weirdly accurate. I really like how twitchy is the old mel Gibson is
So that one's really kind of getting
Now we should full screens us that's full screens us liana likes it liana seems to like it
Like it. What's not to like look at how happy brad pit is
Love it
Did they do paul rod? He never ages
Everyone's saying he aged finally is there were things that before the deadpool joke even
All right, it
Well, look sometimes ai is just so it's just feel good good time
The news told us nobody likes it. Well liana is just trying to
He's trying to break the internet. Yeah, I'm breaking the internet by disagreeing. I love it
Can you imagine if you could hug
a different version of yourself case
And smile
He's not coming in at all
You have veins of ice
It's only a 4.78 liana. I need to be a higher score for me to try to hug you
That's hurtful
That's hurtful case
Come on get in here
You know you want to hug
Come on. Yeah, there we go. Come on scoot over
Scooter over. Oh my gosh. You don't get behind me. Look at behind me. Okay. Yeah, stay in front of me
There we go
And I pat you on the shoulders
And uh, and then I go down and we do some back hug
Look happier about it
That's a good boy
Now back to your corner teleport for me teleport
Teleport under
Teleport there we go
Good was that so hard? Why'd you hug my hips? They've got big hips
This is case technically with his younger self
Oh, we need the music actually got back here get back here case
Guys
Come on
Yeah, there he is
I'll get back to that
Stay there. Good nasty boy. That's beautiful
I felt weird both times
Secret parts funny and creepy
What's creepy about it?
Well, thanks, Liana. It was just a quick little news hit a quick little news bite for everybody
No, no, no, I'm just a little bit of news for you. Let's send it back to DJ inside a case to then send it to DJ music
I'm really all in a breath in to me
And uh, don't worry that sensation breathing down your neck. It's just my love. Bye everybody
I still need to get an HR rep. We were gonna have it be a toilet for a little while
Our skibbity HR rep
I'm not sure if that hire ever went through though
Pita, did you ever handle the skibbity toilet HR thing? Oh, you wanted the skibbity guy?
Well, I just thought that that was somebody we're considering. I mean, yeah, I was considering the skibbity guy, but
What am I supposed to give jobs away?
I just was to give it away case
Come on. Sorry. I thought I saw something there for a second. Um
Sorry, Pepito's uh, Pepito looks a little confused
Oh, there he is
This is the HR rep I was considering hiring
Am I being silenced? I might have to take that up with HR
But that could be me
That could be me
Tommy Bedev's back
Yeah, just if you need somebody I'm available. This looks a lot like you kind of look like me
That's too much JD Vance lookalikes for one stream
Those are the kind of self insults case that actually HR does handle
If you're too mean to yourself, I will write you up. Should consider the toilet haircut. Yeah, don't you want a perfectly?
Round little head kind of like having them extra bit of my head
Sort of into having you know
more of a full head
Well, look that's one option we could have for HR I guess
You could also have me I've got a lot of experience
It's not all about the toilet. I guess that's another option
Or if you're really looking for someone to clean house, okay, we don't need to do the full
We don't need to see everybody, Pepito. Okay. Those are just some of the candidates I was considering
Well, maybe we'll vote on that later
Maybe we'll vote on that next time we're on
Okay, the vote is a great way to do a hire. You just open it up to the people
And nothing ever goes wrong that way. Yeah
Yeah, democracy in action. It always works
I don't know what it is. Literally a toilet brush. I mean it's it's it's been through a lot of you know, it's been through some
piss
Yeah, it's probably also been through some piss
It's like your HR department is really coming together
After you beat Elden Ring. Oh my god Elden Ring
Shit, I don't even know how close I am
Technically I beat mesmer who seemed like the main
Protagonist based on the trailer. Does that count as beating it?
Don't you want to beat it? I kind of do but I I keep not streaming it and I need to beat it on stream
Well, maybe I have to try to go for that next week. Maybe I can do it. Maybe I can marathon it
Maybe do a Saturday stream or something. Oh, okay
Well, it's about the end of the stream
The end of stream. Let's set it over to DJ music to play a sada here today. I don't even know what story
He's going to be covering. Maybe I should have left the
Terrifying celebrity lookalike
Story for him
I'm sure there's another one in the discord if you ever have a story you want to submit the cream dot team
You can put it in the back feed thread. There's any news stories. You're hoping I cover
I don't have the best track record of covering every story in there, but you know, I pulled most of the stories there
today from there, so
Feel free to news it up
I'll send it to DJ music to news us out. Here he is
Look the producer of club girl himself. It's DJ music
Billy Blaston in today. Hello everybody
It's your DJ noses. Yeah
Come on in real hard for some news there
You know what? I mean I produced this song. So let's uh
Fuck it. Let's play a little of my latest hits
Of course
I tag it very subtly at the top, but just while I pull up my lasers
You got to play this you got to play your hits a lot
Such an honor to work with all ten of the artists that rap this for me
They requested to remain anonymous, but I got 10 rappers on this track. I swear
God damn man
All right, let me see what news I'm talking about today
Oh
News we're working with baby
Oh skibbity toilet coffee, right? You're gonna talk about the yesterday. We never did
You know, I wrote some of these lyrics not to take too much credit
But I did you know, I workshop some of these lyrics with the talent. Where's my story? Where's my story? Come on, man
Come on, man
There's my story, man. There we go. Okay, skibbity toilet
Just play it in all the clubs right now
Maybe this might not be a club crowd, but this is in all the clubs right now. It's popped off in the clubs for sure
Skibbity toilet though, let's get a little bit of that going
All right, all right, cut it off. Give me something else. Give me a different story, baby
Yeah, here we go. I haven't heard this one in a minute
Got to be in the club think to one eight in the club in the club
You can't tell me in the club in the love not climbing the land
Catch me in the club
Here we go with the lasers
I got a story coming in that might change you
Gotta turn on the lasers
Got a story. I won't spoil it
I want to know I am
I'm gonna toilet, baby. Got a toilet, baby. Gotta skip it in the toilet. Whoo
Let's see
It's giving her the color right for me. It takes down request from my boy Gary. It's very dumb. It's a prize. It's a prize of me
Okay on Sunday Gary Newman creator of Gary's mind said on his official discord that he received a dmc
To take down what okay? Hey
Request for the skibbity toilet relative content in his game from the the creator
Let's give it toilet to fuck boom to hop in to say that the request did not come from him. Okay
I'll partially reject the screenshot of the request new mention on his discord shows that it came from invisible narratives
The company that acquired the film and tv rights to skibba day toilet
Dilemma coming in coming in coming in coming in they're gonna boil it the poop in the toilet is getting boiled by the
Copyright if they fight if they fight then they might just tonight
Yes, skibba day we skibba day all right
All right
Familiar with the most proper nouns in the above sentence
Congratulations
Congratulations
Oh secondly
I promise you i'm not having a stroke
I'm merely trying to explain the complicated consequences of opting for movie and tv rights
A meme that is almost entirely composed of a cycle that exits from a 20-year-old video game
Skibba day toilets a machine and my series on youtube by galaxy
Garriss above who is also known by the fuck boom
Club going to fuck boom skibba day clearing of the room
Copyright bringing that doom
We singing a new tune
While the kiddies swoon and the creator well they not gonna let it foam back copyright is gonna pass the law
Creators like no you might have the rights or that doesn't mean we won't want to fight
Woo we skibba day cuz we free skibba day every night easily
The skibba day ain't taking a crap on me i'm crabbing you copyright me bitch you got into us something
Well, that's what happened basically there was a copyright strike
The rest of this story is just explaining what skibba day toilet is
But we know that
And this house we celebrate skibba day man
We all know what the skibba day is because we live in baby even though we ain't kids we skibba day
Let's see if we can get a toilet on the line
Let's see if we can get a skibba day to talk to us. I think they like to be called skibba days
Let me see if I can ascertain a skibba day for us to chat with
Ah
Is that a skibba day?
Hmm some of these skibbities aren't toilet enough for me
I need an honest to goodness skibba day toilet. I mean I could talk to that hr guy from earlier, but
I kind of want more of the classic skibba day look
Damn it's hard to fight a skibba day nowadays
Hmm, you know what I'm just gonna go with this
The mouth doesn't move on the skibba day toilet, but it still makes words
Let's find a skibba day beat
Skibba day beat the toilets don't like to talk about their situation
Um unless it's over a skibba day beat
Thank you for hanging out matlidel
You could have been here for the past two hours and said a gooning well the gooning starts now
Because I'm about to talk to a toilet. Well a skibba day toilet. Please welcome to the stage at this time
Fresh out the toilet
This
We go how we don't stop step into the club with a little brain
Oh, yeah every time I come through I have to wipe all the fresh fucking poop out my eyes, y'all
eyes
It's totally telling lies
Pressure's toilet on the game Stick it up, toilet, game's done changed
Pop it up that water Don't splash it
I made so much money that I might just brush it
Brush it off that little bit of toilet
Scubidous toilet I get mad at the same as Guffman
Cause I'm the little man of me I'm scubidous, scubidous, scubidous
I'm scubidous scubidous
Who's that new rap style where he doesn't really say words?
This is the kind of content I like
Check out this beat that were currently listening to
If I get serious for a second there's a lot of problems in the world
I know if we all just...
If we're just skibbity man, we could come together and toilet. I just wanted to say that
That's a beautiful message
It's not all about rap sometimes I just...
I don't want to interrupt the fun, but I just... I really mean this sometimes if we...
We could just come together and skibbity man, we could all toilet
That's beautiful man. I'm not trying to get political, but I just think it needs to be said, you know?
Yeah
Anyway
Grab that shit out the mouth, shit know what I don't
Never had a fucking doubt, I just shit straight out my mouth, I poop up my mouth, I poop up my mouth
I live in poop, but I live down south, down south where your dick is, that's where I shit man
I shit on my dick and I'm out there's a dick shit. Wow, here we go. Bye-bye
See shit's out of his dick
I don't know that about skibbity toilets. That was beautiful
Sometimes messages are important. You just gotta let your guests say what's on their mind
Shit know your dick or your mouth. It's not like you're saying both. I don't know
All right, let's rate cast them. That's your usual DJ music level of quality content. Yeah
Castings on y'all, let's get out of here. Looks like you just went live. How convenient
That's of course another dream
Silent off now until the Patri on stream
Do you know I love to rate him so easily? I'm gonna send you all the way of our boy
Katsumji
Three minutes now
You're gonna join him in the middle of his hot countdown. What's he up to? I don't know
But I'm all raiders that's because all of you just got to go so thank you all
Show me my live and sleazy race silver every wolf bundle sprout
Thank you so much for hanging out and chat shock a funnel web propaganda Greg T you uncle Phil 2k
Dilemma come one man. Hey, hey, hey, hey scimer of course. It's a breachy my mouth. It's nasty ass horse. All right
Love the hate. Thanks for hanging out as well apple apple in the check out me feeling oh so swell
Did this ray create? Well, yes, it did it jay credible. Thanks for hanging out as well
Where we live mr. Smith?
That's an anonymous name, but I love you too, baby
You done changing the game skymer case cause a breachy a nasty ass horse
Hope I didn't do that. I didn't mean it of course
Don Justin as well. Well, you're always great dang South spring and love instead of some nasty ass
Hey nasty ass
Did I say that?
Damn, that's you know, sometimes the music just gets away with
Sometimes the music gets away from you if I did apologies to three chief mastermind
To check the pod
Just horse and course rhyme. Anyway, you've all been sent to a cast him now
So this is a visually a secret stream and the best thing you can do with any secret stream is ending y'all will see y'all soon
Bye bye
Skipping it toilet every damn day