I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
Merry shit
Zuck's up spider to make it this point
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do this
Well this isn't how it looked a few minutes ago
I'm the ghost of the grunge
Totally fucked up grunge. Let's see if I can fix this
Better okay
Pepito, yeah, he's producing the stream this year. It's made it substantially less effective somehow
the technical aspects are
worse than ever
It's not gray face. I was getting closer there than I'd like honestly
But it happens to the best of us. Pepito, what's your excuse?
I'm Christmas Pepito now
My production duties is lit. I'm wearing a little Christmas hat
That's my excuse. Fuck you
Well, I've never really dealt with that before
That's fine
Good to see everyone
It is
grunge miss a rotating holiday
that sort of
Moves at its own time and speed
Um
Let me check and make sure everything is working the way it's supposed to
Yes, okay
We're back for another grunge miss this year. You can send me letters
Just like to Santa except I will give you nothing. I
Mean I'm I my whole thing is that I fuck if anybody remembers
That's what we went with when I was spawned into existence
at the dawn of time and
Unfortunately, that's still my whole gimmick. We also you can demand segments
This year in case we get bored of this you can now do other things as well
We turn this music down just a little bit
It is a bit loud or maybe not loud enough
I'll let you be the judge
okay
Let's
Notice my dedication to grunge miss there were a ton of submissions to the grunge miss list this year possibly
More than ever or I just actually put them all on the list this year
I was doing it right up until we went live
I will say if you want to add more to the grunge miss list you can do so at
The cream dot team in the grunge miss 2025 section
But right now what else can we do is the question the answer is a probably genital slit
If you do add more to the grunge miss list just know
That I will be it won't be on the official list
It'll be on the addendum list that we will do at the end. What's the difference there?
Nothing actually a substantial. It's the same idea. I just won't be showing you visually the same thing
I thought it was an important distinction
It's actually not
Grunch it up though feel free though when it was genital slit and that is the thing you can do on grunge miss
In fact, it's one of the main things to do on grunge miss
Grunge miss is this is the holiday of nasty sloppy interdimensional sex
celebrated by a
Green man that looks human but is mostly made out of sweat
Every year I emerge from my sweat cocoon for a solid
two to four days of
Unadulterated and just and what many call disgusting sex and I take a break from that process
To come and do grunge miss with all of you and make the fucks list where you give me submissions and we decide
Who fucked this year and who didn't?
Good to see everyone by the way
Let me finish opening everything up we sort of just you know
But Peter sort of just made us go live
This is why I mostly work with reindeer dogs actually. I don't know why I did that
Peter stop
What is wrong with you? Don't do my voice by the way, but Peter you're doing a bad job
You're bad
I'll do a bad job all I want
And you're wearing my coat. Yeah, I found it
Follow dog poop
I put it on
A hairy guy you look surprisingly hairy hairless
You're one of the few creatures. I've ever encountered that I feel zero sexual chemistry with
That's very fine
Was not a concern of mine and mine either
But Peter dragged all this equipment up to the cave
Actually, I'm still in the studio. I don't even really know for the record. I don't I
Never claimed to do the job that case says I do
Or Peter wise chest here. No, that's all my dog here
My hairy dog
We've got a lot of grunch letters to get to to as well
Oh geez
Where's my grunch miss list I gotta make sure this list is still active. Okay, there it is
Let's let's start by grunch missing a little bit
Okay, yeah, it's a long list this year so it's a little
Ungangled ungangly to control
Let's stop this incredibly repetitive Christmas beat to replace it with more generic Christmas beats
As we go through the grunch list
We'll see how many we can get through
As we just kind of tear through this thing
All right, oh grunch miss list oh grunch miss list
Who's gonna fuck and who's not gonna fuck on the list this year this music does kind of suck ass I
Was lied to by this YouTube playlist
Christmas trap beats
That's what we really need
We're gonna be adding things to the fucks list
For the record that is what I looked for I guess I just clicked on the wrong one. No, that's only one song
I need a whole mix
There we go
That beat was was a trap beat for sure. I
Don't know I really kept up with music. I'm sort of an immortal being
So I you know, I've seen a lot of trends
60s
13th century folk
guys is sort of slam rocks
Into people actually to make music that was a particularly troubling trend
Speaking of the iniquities of man the devil himself
But from that particular movie that I can't remember again, I've been along for a long a life for a long time
I'm gonna say
We can't deny it's sort of the the granddaddy of fucking the devil
You know, I might not love the way that they fuck
But you can't deny that they
Encourage it sometimes when they really shouldn't which to be fair I do too
This gorilla playing piano
That I'm told is named rock a fire gorilla
Like many beasts an insatiable lust to fuck that can't be denied and
I'm told it does fuck you up as well
This sign for Shen Yun on a highway
Who knows where could be in any of the major American cities where Shen Yun often has its own theater?
Absolutely fucks
You don't have to be a fan of
Chinese opera
to
Not under you know even if you're not a fan. I regret to inform you those incredibly flexible performers
Absolutely, fuck in ways you can't imagine this peanut
That's just saying another day another dollar. It fucks. I'm kidding
It does fuck
It's one of the few peanuts that has sex it has full genitals
Which is one of the it's not actually requirement for fucking there's more than one way to fuck
Jared leto leto let go
He's a computer program. I wish he wouldn't fucking real life a real bummer at the old sex party
Way too much eye contact with everyone
Unfortunately doesn't fuck wish he would stop coming but he comes to all of my orgies every year and Jared come on man
This red lady
doja cat
In a red version
Some people don't like it cuz she sort of looks
like a
Disease it's sort of feels like she's going for like a venereal disease look with this dress. I'm into it
You might not like it, but I'm gonna say yeah
I mean obviously doja cat fucks, but I am a big fan of that version where she's sort of like a nasty
pimple monster
Mothra I don't even need to explain this one Mothra fucks
That huge guy from you do hawk a show. I
Don't I think he's beyond sex
Toge uh to toger oh yeah, I don't think toger of fucks. I think he traded his ability to fuck
for bigger shoulders
Which I wouldn't do personally
Yeah, he retains for sure. I'm not saying he couldn't
He's more of a vol cell if you will I mean look at this guy
I don't even know who he is
I'll level with you. I don't I don't know who everyone is but look at this pose. I can just tell a
Strong and holiday spirited sexual acumen
Absolutely fucks this hole here
This hole that is designed for you
It is the shape of you and you and you feel an insatiable urge to enter it
I would say it is the very nature of fucking whoa
It does fucking deed it fucks up everything
It consumes
That is your hole and it does fuck
Jacks tell her but as the murderer Ed Gein
I'm gonna say that whole project didn't fuck
Even if he was good at it. I'm just he's one of the few going on the knock fucks list
Sherman Mao fuck was he against no he was pro fucking I think he was against certain you know
intellectuals but a little too crummy
Not sure what you mean by that
He was pro fucking I'm gonna say
We're gonna move down on the list a little bit. Hey at the grunch is non
partisan
non-denominational and without a country all I do is drink my green grunch misfluids
to empower me for another several hours of annual
Orgiastic sex. Oh
Mothra again, we'll just throw Mothra on the fucks list again. That's easy and
The Pepsi robot running from a giant Pepsi can
Yep, they fuck
Okay, that's a pretty good start I'd say we're making some progress on the fucks list already
We've already got a ton of grunch letters. So why don't we send it down to my?
A lot of people know this but I'm actually functionally illiterate
You know I've been alive for millions of years at one point I learned to read Sanskrit by accident
And I wasn't into reading so I said never again. Well, I learned just to read the tongues of man
So I can't actually read your letters, but fortunately as a cosmic being I kind of just vibe them out
We are grunch Kirk
Again, I woke up, you know a couple days ago from my sweaty cocoon
Every year I I fuck until I'm
Sweatforms around me and like in the movie species I become cocoon for another year in my own various viscous fluids
And then I emerged from it sort of like Ace Ventura and Ace Ventura to coming out of that rhino, but way more graphic
So I haven't kept up with current events is what I'm trying to say
But you might help me out by writing me some grunch miss letters. Let's see what you sent to me
Let's go to my scrying cave where I can ordain the sacred knowledge you've attempted to impart to me via your letters
Okay
Oh grunch miss portal. Oh grunch miss portal
Send me some stuff that isn't
Wardle I
Don't think that was the rhyme I used to use to summon the portal but I
Can't really remember what I did do
Anyway, who's there?
Mary grunch mass
Okay straight to the point Mary grunch miss to you as well and get to work fucking man in weird costume
That is a thing that I'm into. Whoa, that's loud
Yes, all I want for grunch miss his jet back. I
Don't know
Who that is?
He's not on my fucks list though
So I forgot him immediately next
Yes
Hello, M. R. Grunz. He hope you look right tonight Wow love your accent and
You're invited next
General slit for all and to all a good grunch get this guy out of here
Saber caught right
What
All right, you're banned from the orgy even though I like your helmet
Casebook, pep cheese, okay? Well, you're like you're in whoever you are because you got a good energy
But I don't know what you're talking about
Yes
Eat a bowl of rocks you weird hermit is show and happy holidays. Oh you offering me a bowl of hermit asshole
Oh a bowl of rocks. Oh
You're saying fuck I thought you're offering me a bowl of hermit asshole. What are my favorite dishes?
But instead you're just calling me an asshole well
I'll tell you what I've got several and you can do with them with you will
Insultings are one of being insulted is one of my many kinks. I also like praise. I like it all anyway next
If you could fuck one person dead or alive, who would it boss?
Who would it boss? Oh who'd it be?
Dead or alive?
I'd love to fuck a t-rex again
By the way, I'm assuming a mortal human form for your benefit depending on the orgy I will become a
geese with 700 heads
Various dinosaurs
My form is boundless and often disturbing
But mostly genital focused. I often become just the genitals of various creatures
Anyway, I miss old t-rex. See they were some real freaks
We didn't have sheets back then but you get it if you could fuck one person to death. Who would it be? Oh
To death
Damn, it's rough because there's plenty of people that probably deserve
The righteous cosmic punishment of the ultimate fuck which is dying
But I have to kind of be into it at the same time
So I you know I'm more of a font of well not even really life purely non-pro creative sex
Sort of a cosmic neutral in that sense the idea of fucking someone with the intention of killing feels wrong
But if I could fuck a concept out of existence, it would probably be generative AI
Does Mount Crumpet have anything to do with crumb and the pit that hype train left in his heart and also butthole?
A lot of people aren't gonna get this but I like this mask
I'm into it
Does Mount Crumpet have anything to do with crumb and the pit the hype train left in his heart and also butthole a
Couple words in there sound like my thing, but I'm gonna say no
Yes
You're sweaty like you've just done the paper to a Santa for Christmas
But you know what did you ask Santa for Christmas?
Do you know a big bucket of?
Raw soup
Get on that Santa
Big bucket of raw soup, please
What make what makes soup raw? I have no idea, but there you go
All I want for grunge miss is Napoleon from the animal farm 2000 close trailer to be on the fuck's list
the animal farm 2026 trailer
No, is Napoleon like an animal in that or like a OG French Napoleon?
Either way I get it. Oh you look how you look depressed. Oh depression a lot of the orgy mess
What's your problem?
Do you have a problem? She doesn't want to talk
Well if I had to guess what you wanted to say it's when we've been very naughty chat
We need some spankings Danny Dan devious spin anime
And to that I say you have been naughty, but you'll get no punishment from me
Only treats okay next
You're gonna talk to me who's on belulia's fuck's list and why is it not come for the third year in a row?
It's a great question as grunch the grunch. I do have access to the psychic information of who's on whose fuck's list
And that's correct. He hasn't been on it for about 15 years
And if I have to really focus
Belulia's mind waves are telling me he knows why and that's all that I can get out of it
What does your relationship with much and crumb?
Rumors are split you had a spring fling sometime in the early 2000s the public deserves to know
Yeah, I mean I fucked both
Both are a nasty lay they make you feel a little sick sort of like you've eaten
cereal that's way too wet
You can actually describe both of them and they're you know their sexual acumen
So I would do it again, but I wouldn't feel good about it
Is the the harder Christmas movie Bruce Willis and McCulloch Colkin said so and they're correct it is
Well, well, don't lie make bitches squirtle
Okay, look that's good for you
Famous Japanese wrestler whose name I'm forgetting and you know it's true. Yes
Take it out no argument for me. Whatever it is. I will be removing it
Are you the one who took Fiona from us?
Pepito misses her
Look Fiona is perpetually on the fuck's list, but she never shows up for any of the fuck events
So I don't know how I could have she's basically constantly MIA
So not my fault and lay off
Dumbass no wait for it wait for it wait for it dumb ass. I ain't mad at it
Yes, are you a fallen angel?
Oh
Are you infected with the spirit of Christmas because that's not actually what today is about
But if you're hitting on me sure best loop
Best Lou
um
honestly
all of my fluids are
Water-based lubrication so really anything I excrete from my body is
Nature proven to be the best loop. It's one of my privileges as the grunge
Yes, more earl-sync layer from dinosaurs or Carl Winslow from family matters
You can't fool me and I'm not allowed to talk to you anymore. I've been burned too many times
I want to call a day David Scott the pet psychic to figure out what famous historical figure Pepito was in a past life. Oh
Um e David Scott the pet psychic Pepito which creature were you in a previous life?
Every bug I think every bug on ever was my previous life
Not sure how that works, but fine
Have you ever fucked yourself? Yes, I'm constantly
Yes
Gone to head who be Goldberg or Goldberg from who would join
Haha, it sounded like you said the title of a Japanese anime, but I know what you meant and whoopie Goldberg for sure
Yes, bear
What's your favorite flavor of common also but whole oh?
Probably musky and big
in that order
Breach yes miss. How are you?
Are you having a good day?
Absolutely, I mean I have short days, but technically if you add all the days
I've been alive up it eclipses the length of a human life
Many times over so days in a sense don't mean as much to me as the period during which I have sweaty or
Geastic sex
Roughly, you know one time a year, but anyway in that sense. I'm always having a good one. Yes next oh
This is a serious visit people at night likes into claws
Should I just leave some green fluid out next to the milk and cookies please do if I stumble by it
I will 100% drink it
I
Once did fuck an entire associate like a doctor's association. I went to a Vegas
Like you know meeting of doctors. I fucked them all and they also did I need to stop doing that?
But I seem to be doing fine, so I'm gonna ignore the doctor's advice. Oh
a little hamster
Infected me with a venereal disease and I'm pretty sure I passed it on to you
You might want to get your candy cane check. I shouldn't have turned into a hamster
Well, you can fill in the blanks. I'll check
Jki, I want to have a lot of sauce his lube from you. What does he use imitation grunge?
This guy and I dated
He's trying to play it cool, but we dated
And just get out of here man. It's over between you and me
But it is imitation grunge. Not that I'm getting pulled back into this
Yes
That's a great point
Beauty Deater will I put that all together we get buddy buddy but whole hey, you're not wrong
All right
Yes, what's more important girth were length or girth?
Actually controversial opinion. I like sharpness
It's rare for it to come across that in humans when I like barbs and sharpness a lot of species that aren't humans have that and
Honestly, it's great
He's but this guy's banned from all the orgies not sure why he's here not supposed to be able to access this particular wavelength
Yes, oh you're not gonna say anything either
Well, I know what you want to say you probably want to say a mini mistake Bruce Wilson McCulloch
And said diehard are not Christmas movies and they're right that is the kind of thing you would think and you're wrong
Yes
Are you gonna talk to me?
Hi grunge
What's the tallest water slide you've come on?
mmm
Well, I did once
go to the North Pole and
I
Climax so hard that it actually blew me around the planet all the way to the South Pole
So I'm gonna count that as a water slide because I was wet the whole time
So I would say the whole planet was the longest if you're fucking a hive mind. Do you have to fuck every individual?
Oh
Consent gets tricky with hive mind. So I try to steer clear of it, but a couple have shown up over the years and
It gets once you really try to drill down on how hive minds work it gets confusing
I wouldn't want anyone to have to try to untie that Gordian knot
So I hope no writers are currently attempting to because it gets weird. Okay, this guy definitely fucks
What's better to grease up your chimney to give you easier access to our chimneys butter
Margerine 10 West to 30 or corn syrup
West to 30 yeah, I thought that loop was out of production actually that is a classic mention
Man dumping a bunch of marger all of them are fun to do
Well, not now you look I'm not a huge fan of Santa, but he got one thing right
It is incredibly fun to break into people's houses by lubing up your body and
Sliding down their chimneys in my opinion. He does it wrong because he never gets caught and getting caught is the whole fun part
You should see the look on people's faces when a wet monster slides out of their chimney and immediately start saying
I'm a being made out of pure sex who wants to party
Anyway, that seems like a pretty good stopping point actually so
Let's call it there and get back to the reason for the season the fuck's list
But first it does seem we have other segments to get to so we will go to them at least temporarily
Let's send it down to I guess Jeb Noggett who is standing by
Now first let me send it back up
Back up to myself
Actually
There we go. Sorry. I got a note from Pippito that everything would break if I did what I was about to do
Anyway, let's send it to jump knock it for a how-to. It's how to with this fucking guy. I don't know whatever. Well. Hey everybody
It's your pal Jeb. Oh my glasses. I see a thing
Where'd I put my glasses?
Now there they are
Hey
It's Jeb. I was told tis the reason for the season
for some reason case gave us all
Jean jackets today and said
Just wear that it's a jean jacket only
Type day feels a little inappropriate to demand that your entire staff go shirtless, but we've all done it
And honestly, I do feel like I'm learning something from it
Learning that it's colder in here than I thought
And that I do still have body image issues
Maybe to some body image accuracy son
Maybe that's just how you look
You know do you know what I'm saying that's really mean unnecessarily mean actually daddy. Hey, you know
Just trying to be honest. Well, you could stop you stop doing that
Never asked you to be okay?
That's my daddy's dead and he's in the wood
Merry Christmas. No, what that's you're supposed to okay, whatever he's been broken for a minute
That's supposed to bother him
Sort of the whole reason I put him in you know, um, let's
See what you guys have shared in the how-to section of the cream dot team
Which is a subsection of the bin section it all makes sense. Oh
How does skate park whole patch? Well, well, I've never skateboarded ever and I don't know how
but
Maybe someone asked me to hatch a skate park because I am a woodworker
You might have noticed
Anyway, let's learn how to do this. Oh well well another whole
In my skate park. Let's patch this
We're gonna start here on the table saw the scrap pieces
We are gonna cut our patches that we're gonna use over on the whole
Everyone's favorite terrifying tool the table saw made it out of this one with all my fingers packed
We're gonna screw a two by four down here. So we just hope to stand on here's our patch
I'm gonna screw the patch right over the top
And I'm gonna break out the plunge cut multi tool to cut out around our patch
This is the most precise way to do it and I love it
And it's the best and don't tell me there's a better way to do it now
We're gonna take off the patch here get our masonite off examine the hole and guess what?
Yeah, what it is worse than I thought so let's move to a bigger patch punch it chewy
Classic there's some classic stuff. I love these noises. I
Love these noises. Yeah, I get it
Get your clean up here now. We're gonna measure a new patch and get back to work with the multi-tool
Classic he's doing it all right. I know exactly what I know what he's doing. He's doing it right
Take a little bit of convincing here and she'll come off
Little clean up and we should be ready for a new patch. We got to watch this whole thing chat
Oh
In a high traffic area wait a minute never hurts wait get out read justice wait no you let your envelope
Fit hit it with the angle grinder flap. We only clean it up real nice smooth again high traffic
You want this to be perfect? Oh, that's so sad. He left his envelope in there a little bit of counter sink
So the screw heads hit flush
This bad boy down and look rollerbladers they still
Nice now little clean up time I had been watching this hole for a while and it suddenly
You got him out happens
Leave a hole
Down with the broom will clean up action. Thank you so much
And there you have it guys. That's how I patch ramps. It's the best way to do it
Don't tell me otherwise. You don't own a skate park and then
Cory
breaking it in
Wow
It looked like in one of the shots he got his envelopes which I was worried about
Because it's easy to leave stuff in your wood projects
Sometimes you leave a whole person in there. You know what I mean daddy
You know a more and more I feel like I do know what you mean and
Someday I'll have my
Nothing
Mary
Okay, boy band moves. We do this
There he did that one. We'll do one more because it's Chris. It's grunge miss so
We'll just do two today so that we can get back into it with the grunge because he's got a big list this year. It's really long
For now, let's learn how to pull up alt baddie
I've been wondering this for a minute. Actually, how do they do it? Well, let's find out
You guys kept saying I was gatekeeping in my last video. So here's your official tutorial on how to pull an alt baddie
Step one hygiene if you smell bad before she even gets close to you. You're literally cooked
First impressions are everything so obvious. I should have thought of that
She's gonna think you're a smelly person. Do more than just work alone step two be ambitious
If she's gonna date you she's gonna want to be able to see a future with you
So keep in mind who you want to be one day because she is gonna notice this step three
Make sure you can become friends with them because in a relationship your partner is your best friend
And if you have to rely on
Things like kissing to keep you together
It's not gonna work out in the long run because when you're with your partner most of the time
It's like kissing with your best friend and now it's time for the final step step four be confident
Be confident in yourself and in your actions if you mess up or stutter when talking to her
That's okay. Just own up to your actions and be confident in it. She'll notice it. Trust me
Good luck with getting your alt baddie soldier
Hey Kendall
Hey Kendall
You want to come here for a sec? So you don't have to
Shoot my headphone broke
Sorry, sorry, I didn't ask to wear this actually wait. No, I meant to wear this
What it's working guys, would you consider yourself an alt girl?
Partially so
You're half alt maybe less than that. Oh, no
More than the average person for sure shoot. Would you say you respond to confidence and ambition? Yeah. Oh, yeah
I knew that
Actually knew that cuz I've been I'm actually planning to know more about everything than anyone ever
Okay, it's one of my goals not even a goal. I'm gonna do it. It doesn't sound too confident. No, I mean
I'm doing it. I'm already started. Okay. Yeah, no big deal. Yeah
Shoot also I smell good
That's good. Yeah, just so you know, that's good. If you can't smell me from where you are then
That's a good sign already. Oh, I have to like get close to you to smell you to prove
No, you don't have to I'm just letting you know that I if you were to it'd be fine, but don't
We'll do just not today because why?
Oh, sorry anyway, that's all I just wanted to
Listen up Jack card King unjust mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this run
Kindel run. Okay. That's a song. Oh shoot. It worked
Thanks Kendall that Mary grunge miss and blew a kiss and she ran faster
She outran the blown kiss somehow I could sense the speed. She was running at could out do the speed of the kiss
Shoot. Well, it she was only partially alt
So it didn't entirely work
I blew a lot of things
Well, again learning is you learn more from a mistake than you do from ever having sex
Um, that's probably all the time we have let's send it back to the grunge
Who's standing by
To grunge it out more
Because it's grunge mistime those are still
Those are not supposed to be our
Someday case will fix that or for Peter whoever's job that is anyway
Let's send it back to the grunge now
Because I've been learning today and I think I want to get prove that you're never too
You guys get it again
We can't keep running into each other like this. They're trying to erase me from existence
I'll fix that one of these days takes me a second to acclimate to your reality
Happens at all my orgies too. They're already fucking down there in Hongville. They are
The one or gee I never get invited to and it's the one I'm closest to tell me how that's fair
Would Lena ever come back on the stream old feedback vibes she might
case can ever get it sit together and actually make the stream
Postreamable
steady's been
I've told he's just been adjusting all of his segments
So that they take up less RAM for like a month
Is that correct Papito?
Isn't that is not Papito. I'm seeing things. Yeah, you are seeing things. It was me
All of you are seeing things
Anyway, Mary Peptis. Oh, no, no, that's not what this grunge miss. I only get two days to do two to four days
Tiny jab that is one of my powers is I can become really small
My I can actually change the size of my genitals from from all the way from really small
To like a average
Not big. I don't know for some reason I can't do big. It's weird
Okay, anyway
Let's keep this fucks miss list going and decide
Who's ending up where there's a lot more of these to get to?
So let's continue our trip down the fucks miss trail. Oh my
music's getting more intense
This David Lynch character absolutely fucks
David Lynch is fucking with the devils in heaven. No, okay
The extremely horny drawings from the show danda danda danda or whatever they fuck for sure. I
Mean come on
You can't help it these anime babes and babos all fuck
It does I really wish you wouldn't
He's sort of on the Jared Leto side of things for me shows up to the origin
I'm like, what are you doing here? You literally consume you're not even pro fucking you just consume things
I mean granted you are sort of a general stand-in for the fear of pedophiles
But I think in the lore you actually just sort of consume energy or something weird
You know like eat kid. It's not great wish you wouldn't show up space ghost fucks
This half bowl half man. Yes does fuck
This guy from the office both the actor and the character surprisingly fuck really hard
You don't pick that energy up until they're fucking you honestly
I'm not sure who this is but they've got a daddy energy a
Dad who doesn't fuck energy. I'm afraid not on the fucks list
Oh, it's case as a giant turkey can put on all the costumes. He wants. He's off the fucks list this year. That's right
Taste black. Well not fucking it all this year
Purely for the various tech issues. He's given me the grunge in this stream setup. Oh
Big beefy Garfield eating a large cheesy sandwich. I do you take a character that fucks you to make him fuck harder?
Yeah, they're on the fucks list for sure
That's right
It's my first graphic trigger of the day because this one fucks so hard
Um
This twin peaks tree creature. I don't like that they fuck but they do
I'm not happy about it
Usually I'm happy about it that one. I'm like
But I can't deny that you do
This cat with cast-em's face on it not allowed to fuck
And they've been infected with cast of energy, so I have to take them off the list
I'm into human animal hybrids unless it's with cast-em. He he brings an unsavory energy to the unholy union
Beefy Kevin Pereira with the speedrun a 16 z crew
They actually they only fuck each other, but they do fuck
It counts
It does count that Garfield is cast-em
What no, oh you're ruining it
You've ruined my nut
Pains me to do so, but he's got to go off the fucks list. I see it now
He's he's trying to sneak in he's using fucks mis camouflage
Okay, um, I'm assuming ai kevin perera given that it says saura in the corner
As I did say I wish I could fuck generative ai out of existence despite potentially using it quite a bit
I am taking it off. I'm putting them on that a dozen fucks list
Um
Nearly dead fully insane hulk hogan not to be confused with very alive and still insane hulk hogan
Out of respect for the dead. I'm going to say
No, he's done the doesn't fuck list
Uh the cast the alien cast of mars attacks. Did they fuck?
Or do they kind of just squirt each other out of guns or something weird? Does that count as fucking?
I'm gonna hedge here and just put them in the middle. I think it depends on the on the mood they're in
That doesn't work for you brother
They were creep
They don't understand a fuck
I feel like a little part of them fucked but another big part of them doesn't
Anyway, they're in the middle there this caprice son. Here's a classic question
If something is getting fucked does it count as fucking and the answer is yes
And you can fuck a caprice son. Believe me. It's on the list. It's on the fucks list. That's right
It fucks for the record those ho ho ho's were done by me. That's not a santa ho ho. That's a grunch ho ho ho
um
Who is this?
Like jared kushner
I don't even I don't I don't know who this is, but i'm concerned by the general energy
of uh
Stath fucks. Okay. It's weird because there's a kid in the gif
I'm gonna just on the side of caution put them on the dozen fucks list
No kids allowed on the fucks list unfortunately and there is a kid in that image
uh this tattoo
of a bleeding
But or vagina
Either way I am into it. It's like cuphead started gushing blood and got sexy and it's on the fucks list
um
Is that which uh south american leader is this he has a kid?
I don't know. I'm just saying there's a kid in the image
Share company shirt guy
Oh
Yeah, he fucks
He's not gonna fucking away that you like
again, that's
That's true for a lot of people, but he does
Who the hell is that apparently it's from the chair company?
And I'm gonna say sure
um
Fiona nova
This looks like a middle-aged Fiona Fiona nova to me holding like a weird
Almost emmy
It's like Fiona nova if she if she worked in tech I think
She holding like bitcoins
I'm gonna say this is the alternate reality version of Fiona nova that doesn't fuck almost every version does but you know
The multiverse breaks all rules on an infinite scale and this one doesn't
Oh, it's a cleo award. Oh that moves her over to the fucks list actually
She's made of cleo award acceptance
Look, she's she's uh doing it. She's using anti fucks camouflage here
She's like I'm wearing my least fucks look
A cleo award clit awards are very different and they can only be handed out by someone you've just gone down on
But anyone is qualified to give one if if you have just done that
um a
Lean mean grilling machine
um
Does the dan foreman grill?
Specifically this version of it. There's many versions. Does it fuck?
I do enjoy fucking a dan foreman grill, but I'm one of the few beings that can
Uh
So for me it is on the list, but I do have to word a caution
Don't either sit on this with your genitals or jam your genitals into it
unless you're an immortal fuck being
Because you will probably just
Sins your pussy or burn off your penis
And I can't encourage that for people that can't grow it back like me
Okay, that's a pretty good stopping point for now. I feel like
Let's send it back to the portal where we've got 10
Grunts letters that have been delivered to my cosmic cave
And see what else the adoring grunge public can't get off their chest and wants to say to me
All right. Oh grunge miss portal or grunge miss portal
Something something don't make it portal on this fuck's list. How many crumb shots are there usually?
Oh, uh, I have a zero crumb shot policy on my fuck's miss list
He's always trying to add a couple
So they're usually ends up being seven to ten
But I tell him please
I know there's a sign next to this that says master been on it
But but not the next to that it says except you crumb. He does it anyway
Anyway, good question
Did you enjoy the teeth?
Um
In general, yes, I do like a good toothy sexual session whatever that means to you. I like it all
Really like the song but I say yes to basically everyone
But I'm gonna say no and that is coming from a judgmental place
Sorry
Not sorry
Show your gurning face. Oh, um shoot. I'm not a pro gurner. That's the best I got not a very good gurning face, but
You should see my coming faces sometimes technical shoot out of me. Yes
Your millennia is old and can get styes
Yeah, I can I can I can my body kind of
Hungers for them for me. They're sort of like um
I don't know kibble you were to feed your pet kibble for me. That's sort of
STIs stds whatever whatever venereal disease I can get my grubby little genitals on I'd love to have
My body consumes the pure energy and and uh
The general wrongness of it not proud of it
And I'm not unproud of it
Yes, what's the worst place you've ever masturbated?
Oh
Ground zero for sure
Yes
Oh, it's a dog. It's a dog
Oh, sorry ground zero was the name of a uh was a coffee place actually
Oh, you guys thought I meant I should clarify. It was really inappropriate because I was doing it in the middle of the store
Unfortunately, I I didn't wake up in time to even realize what 9-11 was to kind of make that into a weird sex thing
so for me it was a
Retrospectively very poorly named coffee establishment that I masturbated in the middle of
Uh, anyway, this dog doesn't want to talk to me, but it seems to be saying do you consider masturbation fucking yourself?
And yes, I do
Super mario 64 or zelda ocarina of time as in which cartridge would you position into your butthole?
great question uh because
It says in because I can never remember
They're the same size, but the energy is very different
Uh, I like the golden cartridge of ocarina of time and I do feel like it um
It sort of clashes with my green better than just a gray cartridge
So I'd prefer to have a golden cartridge sticking out of my ass personally. So ocarina of time
Yes
Uh, young and old man
A kind of crunch the battle of bronch horse spruce was the first major engagement of the first boar war
It took place by the bronch horse spruce river near the town of bronch horse spruce transval
Yeah on 20th december 1880 tell me about it threatened by the growing numbers of militant boars in the praetoria region
The british recalled the 94th regiment of foot which had several companies garrisoned in towns and villages across the wider area
The regiments commanding officer lieutenant colonel philip robert anstrother
Oh
He wrote he's he's in a making he's into ruining it for me because I was getting closer and closer the more historical facts
He presented me that is one of my kinks
And also being denied is another one. I mean I have basically all kinks. So well played
Yes garfield best urban dictionary fuck position
You got a very uh
powerful voice today garfield um
Best urban dictionary fuck position
Uh
The minnesota hatchet
And if you have to ask then you won't enjoy it
Which power ranger fucks the hardest? Oh, um, tommy whichever version of tommy
Would you let me pee while you hold it? Absolutely
Does case no hate soft lungs can tell
You know, I'm trying to tap into the psychic wavelengths of case is fox list
And there's no hate sock information on it. So I'm gonna say he hasn't thought about it at all
but he should because
That sock really knows its way around the body
No good picks available yet, but does comma three is atlas fuck
Yes, it might fuck the whole planet if uh the calculations are on a scale from one to ten soup
Oh 10 10 any soup
I'll take any soup. I'm a soup guy. I'm a fluid guy too
But it is one of my fear a big hot bowl of soup in the middle of a really wet orgy is just
Two wet things that go great together, you know
Ah, fuck a moldy
Fuck a pocket. Okay. Well, hey, you're invited. So sure
Best way to heal a broken penis and hard and also butthole
Xander, thank you so much for the 37 months look to me. That's
The three years case has been streaming to me have been about uh 12 days of existence. So to me it's the blink of a
Of an eye
But I appreciate in your human time span the commitment and I'm sure case does as well. Isn't that right little guy
Actually, the number one way to feel hear your broken penis heart and butthole
Is to subscribe on grunge miss. I'm just kidding. I won't do anything for either
probably the best way is um
like a sexy doctor
A sexy doctor that operates on penises and hearts. So you need a cardiologist that can also operate on your penis
And but you need someone that
You need a butthole doctor that it can also do hearts and penises
And I would emphasize the butthole doctor because they're rarer and a lot of doctors will mess your butthole up
Makes me sad that grunge never called me back. Do I smell? Yeah, you do, but that is not the reason
I like I like a smelly one
Look at this guy
When you visit the elderly assisted living facilities
How much sex do the old people demand of you on grunge miss?
Oh those who still can all of it
They want to take your essence as much of it as they can get
And they will take it with their still
surprisingly powerful mouse
I'll take a lot of it, but uh, you know, I'm insatiable
For the four days. I had two to four days. I exist
Is I just slough off sweat and other liquids as a cocoon of sex reforms around me imprisoning me for another year
The elderly are the people who take
Who honestly contribute the most to my cocoon reforming I would say
Surprisingly, I guess they're old and they're expert. They're expert
Does wezer count as christmas carols? Yes
If you fuck a hate sock, does it become a love sock? No surprisingly
stays a hate sock
It does it hate fucks
I wish I've tried
Mary grunge miss mary grunge miss
Whatever you are
Anyway, if I was just to have a thought it would be hot pizza
Oh you again or cold pizza
What is an orgy if not human sex soup you touch the vampsers question
And you're not sneaking in your band, okay
For good reason
This guy's thinking about it
Is it normal if when you think about really really dirty feet you hyperventilate and faint
And then when people pick you up off the floor of the burger king your pants are wet
And it happens so often you have to keep lots of pants in your car
That is normal
That is really normal. We've all been there and you don't need to feel ashamed
And i'm proud of you for sharing
The exact same thing happens to me at one of the main foods I eat other than soup is
A burger king
And i'm hyperventilating in there a lot. So thank you. Thank you for your excellent observation
Yes
Guy from bleach
I'm gonna give me the kiano stare. What's going on here?
Some people
Just don't want to talk to you
I'm gonna force this guy to talk one second
We have ways
Of making you talk
Mr. Ichigo
And it is
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Talk to me use your words
What?
Hmm. He doesn't want to talk
What the heck please
Please
Okay. Well next one then we run out of juice
Is the juice loose?
What the heck? Why are they all so quiet?
It's so sad
Is it broke?
But why?
Let's try resetting it one second. We're gonna reset the system here
This guy is just staring my ass down
What I I'm big on unbroken eye contact. So for that I just say good luck
Good luck trying to out stare me
Yeah, okay, do you work now you're gonna work for me now
How much wool would chuck willery wool if chuck willery could chuck wool rip?
Hmm
Two kilos does that count for wool?
Swaxiest appliance
Swaxiest appliance
Swax is a
Also is a combination of sweaty and sexy
So the appliance that's that's the sweatiest and the sexiest has got to be the turkey baster
I mean come on
Yes, you trying to fuck with me too
What is with everybody today?
I'm trying to prank my ass for some reason. Hmm weird
They can't handle it today. Well, you know, maybe maybe we're over burning the servers right now
Maybe maybe this is a sign to move on
Back to the fucks-miss list
So that we can make a little more progress. I mean, we've already been grunt grunge missing or fucks-missing
Either works for me
Um for over an hour. So I don't even know how much progress I've made on this on this fucking list
And I'm not saying that to meet to insult the list. It's just it's literally that, you know
Uh, okay. Can you talk though?
Let's double check and get this thing to work
Kind of the whole thing is
Predicated on you talking
Strange
Just doesn't work
You know what? I'm just gonna reset both of these programs real quick. That's what we're gonna do. Okay
old
Old the scrim portal can be a little
touchy
Play my Christmas trap mix
Double check their connections
Will you talk we have ways of making you talk. I'm assuming fight club question about which famous person you'd fight
But it's banging instead of fighting
Fight club style question like the classic. Who would you fight? William Shatner kind of deal, but it's banging
Um
Fight club almost makes it feel like a challenge
Who would be a real challenge to fuck? Let me just say this
Dick cheney back in his oil days
He was an angry drunk and a terrible guy and I feel like we could have had an absolute row together, you know out there in the
Dusty oil fields of texas
Just two disgusting mutants
Fucking in the dust
That's my answer. Oh, ruth bader ginsberg is another one
That's on the list too
Okay, let's send it back to the uh foxmas cave so that we can continue can continue with our list before we
Set it to munch and crumb for debate. There we go. Turn that off
Okay
Back to the list
Oh this guy
Uh, don't let the
Whatever he's jammed into his pants fool you have it on good authority. He is banned from fucking
At least from fucking around the grunge
Um it again, maybe is this it as well
This is a different clown
Says hbo in the corner. I it has many forms, but I'm saying stay away from my fucks misshole, please
Um
Is this a pokemon? I think this could be a kid
So i'm just gonna put it here to be safe. This might be a childlike creature pennywise his daughter
He has a daughter
He didn't fuck to get that daughter. So I don't recognize it. Okay if anything he like
A bit of his energy juice flipped off of him and became a different
Thing or something. I don't know
This is daughter thing instead of it periwinkle. Is that a real thing?
I refuse to recognize periwinkle as his daughter. Um these fuck
Again, the question of if you fuck something doesn't count as fucking. Yes, especially when it's a really warm crispy cream donut
Be careful though
It will burn most human genitals if you're fucking a really hot donut and you can also fuck Ben and Jerry's
It's not just for when you feel depressed
after a night at the bars
Um these icy sticks can fuck you actually and you got to be quick about it sort of a
Race against time if you will but they do fuck
uh
Little bear
cards
Got a round one
Like um little round one cards that you can put money on they do not fuck
But they will
Take a lot of your fucking money to win like a one-piece plushie
So they kind of fuck you but not in the way I like. Okay. This one is a challenge
This one is a challenge. You know what?
I'm gonna go. I'm gonna uh
Source the crowd here. He does have huge hands there
So look yes or no would do here or you can give me other takes
You feel free to explain yourself or put whatever option you want but exclamation point. Oh
Does Tony con fuck mark is the first one
We'll have to decide I'll have to decide if that means fuck sure not if it wins
Genital slit is unsurprisingly often too
Comes hard no and fuck no
It's actually a slightly more confusing option for me the grunge
Anyway explains point one through five is how you let me know
Where you're coming down on this one because I
I'm not sure I haven't kept I haven't kept up with wrestling lately
Fuck no coming in pretty hard so far and not in the good way
Fuck no
I don't think there's really a positive way I can spin that one
He's going off the list
I have a general
Aversion to billionaires at my fucks miss parties because they really act like they run the thing if they when they show up
They and a lot of them show up and I'm like come on buddy
I'm no money's a big deal to you right now, but talk to me in another million years
You'll probably be like a soup at that point most things devolve into soup given enough time the guys from um
South park
Doing sort of there a mocking the ritual of celebrity glamour
Do they fuck for doing this?
Well, here's the thing you don't know about these two. This is actually just a huge kink
This wasn't a commentary of any sort. They just like to feel kind of nasty and sexy wearing their dresses on the red carpet
So they do they do it was always a sex thing for them
Um, okay. Is this it again?
Is this edgine?
I'm gonna just throw it off the list
This lady on the other hand don't let the spiral confuse you
They'll actually do let it confuse you. That's part of the appeal
Stare into the spiral and eventually you will find all concepts including fucking and yes, she is on the list
Time itself or just a sand a sand clock either way
It's a thing leaving a thing going into another thing it fucked
The cast
Of the mummy this guy
Is this the mummy one or two? I think it's the cast of the mummy two minus the rock the principal cast
And they do fuck all of them fucked
I was on that set a lot
And uh, it was like one big orgy in a fake desert. It's the first one
Oh, I guess she was in both
I guess this guy was in both two
Anyway, ah
Hey, let's just falling apart. Okay. There we go. Hey fuck
Uh ai kevin perera aka weed dealer kevin perera aka vape miss
Nope off the list if you show me the real kevin, then I'll think about it
um
Carl sagan
Come on, you know, you know my boy carl carl s fucks the s is for sex
Here's the human form of it but doing the it face
This guy does fuck when he's not doing this face
But when um, he makes this face he becomes like a fuck vacuum that um sucks fucking in but it never quite reaches the
Core where the sex happens. It's like a black hole of fucking so no because of that face
And this is the lady making the it face. So it's the same reason
Uh that god that wrestler guy odis
Is
And sometimes in plot, like the character of odis doesn't fuck right?
He kind of wants to but he never gets it
But I'm gonna it's a it's a fucks miss miracle. I'm gonna say he absolutely does
China you know china fucks
Come on
They say hey limit to one kid jk fuck all you want they're back on the list
Um poppy johns poppy jays
He's been off the list for many years running and he's finding himself there again
That is not mellowed with time and the ingredients have gotten even worse. I'm afraid he's off the list
Liam Neeson
look he can narrate all the
Pro administration documentaries he wants. We're not ideological here at grunch miss and we're not ideologically
Slapping him back on the fucks list quaggon
You made it again the Stargate. I think of it as a portal to nut
it absolutely fucks this
Serial mascot gummy bear mascot or just a troll. I don't know either way he can get in my hole
He fucks or it not sure actually
It's a troll in Central Park more like a troll in my central hole
Once again that lady from the danda dandan dandan
She's stacked and she's stacking up my ass. She can have it. She fucks
Does one punch man fuck does Saitama himself fuck if he did
He would probably kill anyone that he pumped once
But he's making some eyebrows at me and I'm saying
You can one punch me out of existence anytime you want he does fuck and
Finally before we I guess do a debate
The guy from what primal is that this guy? He's a caveman
Caveman did fuck I was there and
Primal is right. They weren't generous lovers, but they were active lovers. I'll tell you that
Very connected to the earth in the sense that they would plant their feet and just pound a hole in you
Okay
Let's just looking good so far
In fact, let's take a little let's just sort of scroll back up at the list
Just kind of burn this into your mind. It's art. We're already deep in
And I'm talking about the list not what I'm sitting on. Oh, yeah
looking good so far
We do have a how much list do we have let we got a lot of list left? Wow? Wow, that's a lot. Okay
Probably at least one more round of this in this before we pick up the stragglers
Let's see how many stragglers around the fucks miss list this year
aka fresh off the discord
25 new messages since I updated it
so
We'll do a little additional list for all the late arrivals
We'll speed run at the end with the with the stragglers
one punch man sort of fucks, but not as hard as
Regan from mob psycho 100 I could see that that kid in his bull cut
There's just something that works for me
The adult version actually I have to say that with all anime characters
Okay, I they always look like they're supposed to be in their 20s
And then you read the Magers and they're all like 14
One fuck man. Yes, he would be one fuck man
Okay
Let's send it to Munchin crumb. We'll take a little break from this
Just for a minute and then we'll be back with more fucks missing. Let's send it to a
Probably shirtless crumb
No, I'm just gonna button. I'm gonna put this one button up because I don't know if I need to see that
I don't know what his nipples look like in Canon, you know, and I don't know if I want to know
You can mention crumb. I mean crumb would love to be naked. I'm gonna deny him the pleasure
Cosmically sealing all jean jackets on the planet temporarily
Anyway, let's send it
Down
Munched crumb. That's right
You were supposed to wear a jean jacket today crumb
Everybody got a jean jacket and you're still wearing this. I'm gonna give you one second to change not that you deserve it
Geez pathetic as always. Okay good. He did change
Well, maybe I just won't throw to him now. Yes casual fucks miss Friday. I do celebrate fucks miss
You know, I'm sort of post religion in some ways
I mean, obviously I'm a proud Christian, but I'm also sort of the world's strongest atheist
It makes sense. Don't worry
But I do still celebrate fucks miss
And also this guy's here. Yeah, that's right
You might have cosmically sealed all the jackets, but I'm taking it down a button. That's right. It's fucks miss y'all
You can't contain the crumb. Oh, let it out
Good to see y'all. Sorry if you're liking the look too much
But it's the one time a year where I get to get swaggy and a little bit nasty
How'd you unbutton mine? That's how much vibe I'm putting out right now
That is how much vibe I am dropping right now. Anyway
You can look but you can't touch because you're through a screen right now, but I bet you wish you weren't why are you bragging about right now?
Mr. Forever unclean. Oh, yeah, right now. I am it's fucks miss. It's a day where you celebrate all the nasty out there
me and my wife have plans later to
Celebrate separately
Celebrate separately. I
Mean I think of myself as celebrating with her always, but I will be in I'm not allowed in the room today, but
It's fucked miss. So it's actually a kink. I think Jesus Christ, man. I just don't tell us
Please stop telling us. I I have all the ammunition I could ever need
My gun is overloaded with things about you that are pathetic
Can you just stop?
Well grab that okay and spray some bullets cuz fucks miss is the day where we share
Why does crumb look really smooth? Yeah, why are you so extra?
You do?
Yeah, I do look smooth
Really smooth you look like your your skin is trying to glitch off your face like always. That's how you look to me
Chrome's wife is retaining
Sometimes I wish you'd be a little quieter when she retains but
Sure
Yeah, he's pulsing and I
Very active skin. Okay. There's nothing wrong with that
That sounds wrong the sentence you just said sounds wrong
Anyway, the debate today is muncher crumb on the naughty list. That's a different list. That's more of a Santa base list
I'm pretty sure I'm on that fucks miss list
Given the vibe I'm putting out
Hey
Stop doing that
Never do that, please. Oh, hey
You came to this bar
What are you doing right now? I'm sorry. I'm just imagining a situation where I pick up a woman
Please I don't I don't need to see a role play with yourself. Well, you could play the woman if you want
No, I'm not good. I'm good. I'm on the naughty list. I'm a naughty motherfucker. I'll admit that I'm actually nasty and I'm bad with it
Well, wait the question is phrased is muncher crumb on the naughty list and I'm on the naughty list
Yeah, but you're trying to make it positive in the in the Santa sense
It's negative and I'm negatively charged against being a lame ass stick in the mud like you. I'm fucking naughty with it, baby
Well, look, I'm taking the more classic Santa based approach where I've actually been a good boy and I'm on the good list
So so what are we even debating then if we're on that?
Well, we're just gonna debate who's on the naughty list then and it's me. Oh, yeah, not I
Agree, I'm on the good list
positive units make the debate who's on the naughty list muncher crumb and
Actually, I'm a naughty motherfucker. So I'm on that list, baby
Okay, I guess it's a win-win situation here cuz I agree. Well, actually don't put me on the naughty list
I'm not on it. I have behaved myself this year
I've actually been incredibly understanding of some pretty complex situations if sort of I
Have a mental block seemingly for about four months of my life that I can't account for
Led to some confusion with my marriage that I've been working through I would say in an incredibly mature way
I've been giving to charity a lot
And I ain't talking about showing you my nipples for free chat I
Donated to a
Go fund me that is crowdsourcing a
Cheaper form of grain that is human safe to eat what it's called grunt
And they started to go fund me. It's actually a startup company
But I consider it a charitable donation because if they figure out how to make
Cattle quality grain consumable for humans under FDA regulations. I think it could cure world hunger
What are you talking about? Well, it's like a form of millet slurry that we plan that they're planning to feed to the entire planet
That is incredibly cheap to produce anyway
I'm just saying I've done a lot of good this year
You're just saying you don't need to do a startup that's trying to make a worse form of corn syrup
Well, obviously they're gonna make corn syrup as well cheaper than ever. The point is it could end world hunger
What are you trying to do anyway? My point is that I'm just nasty with it. All I'm trying to say is I'm nasty with it
I'm a bad boy
Okay, I kind of something coming out doing the well, I can't call it the PDD dance anymore because
You know offer obvious reasons, but I come out doing like the crazy dance every year
Just looking sort of bad with it. I wear sunglasses all the time when I'm not on this stream
I'm a nasty bad boy that the ladies
react to
Okay, anyway, I win I think well, this didn't make sense as a debate
I didn't want to be on the naughty list and that's because you're a sick-ass bitch
No fucking personality. You could never be as naughty as me and that's why I'm a huge time winner bone
Rita wheat baby get me on that bad boy list
Bad boy entertainment you shouldn't be saying that
What it's extremely well-documented
The horrors perpetrated by that man
And he's the biggest association with bad boy. No, I'm saying I'm a bad boy and I'm entertaining
Anyway, I'm also big-time winner today
And that's not even a Christmas present. That's just another day for me. Okay. I am still expecting a gift from you by the way
What yeah, I mean, you know, well, we're not exchanging gifts this year. You've never given me a gift once
Well, no, I give you a gift every day by tolerating you and at the end of the year
I expect you to get me a perfect gift
I've given you gifts every year and last year I said this is the last time because you literally never reciprocate
That's pretty selfish of you. I thought you were all into giving I guess you just give to receive. It's a gift exchange
What are they doing?
disappointing
Trying to act like you're such a good guy. Don't even get your the guy that you want to be your best friend a gift
There's a version of you that I consider a good friend and he seemingly died in a blast of blue or red energy
I can't even remember. I don't know what you're talking about. I
Saved you from hell. You're not even gonna give me a gift. God. You're still on that
I did the most Christian thing of all this year
I went to hell and I pulled a sinner out of it
And I don't and what am I getting for Christmas this year you telling me about your fucking non-thrupple with your wife
No
That's not how we describe the situation at all. It should have been you crumb
Back in hell, but thanks to me. No, I think it's incredibly
Inappropriate that you use whatever my medical condition is to spread these slanderous conspiracy theories
About me becoming a lord of hell and you were not a lord of hell. You were a menial laborer in their version of the DMV
Me any or was I mean your was I management?
Was I management in this fantasy of yours? Okay, fine. Yes, you were one of the you were the assistant manager
I believe well, that's pretty good for hell. You know how many citizens there would be in hell
You know, do you know the sheer population of hell?
You're the assistant manager of the hell's Department of Motor Vehicles
You'd have more power than a terrestrial president. I'm just saying
Because you'd be a major part of the infrastructure of essentially eternity
So you're admitting you were in hell. No, I'm saying I wasn't but I'm saying in your own story
You've gifted me an incredible amount of power
You did have orges yet orges all the hell and all the time and well, it's fucks miss
So I don't even have to feel weird about you saying that today today's the one time a year where I can say okay
Sure, I bet I was fucking a lot in hell. Yeah, sorry
My neck got caught in my folds of neck that got caught in my coat. Oh shoot. It really stung
There's a button back here in my neck fat folds. They got caught on it hard. Oh
It's stung it really pinched my neck skin
I got big flaps of neck skin back here because of my back neck fact
That's real out of my fat collects. Oh, it caught me real bad on the back of my neck. Yikes ouch
What the fuck is wrong with you look? Okay? Let's not fight. It's Christmas. Oh my god. All right
Let's just get out of here. Jesus Christ
Very fucks miss y'all we tried I tried to be in the holiday spirit, but it's hard
It's hard to stay in a good mood around this man. You changed back
What do you have dinner plans? Why do I still have to wear this?
Fucks miss grunge miss
It's both. I feel like it's both personally
What do you even mean a button? There's a button. Why would there be a button back here on the coat?
What are you even getting your skin? Uh, whatever again?
The ghost of grunge miss past every time he cuts back to me I swear to God
ridiculous
By the power of fucking I reconfigulate there we go
Find my core again before I fade out of existence for another year though. I don't really fade
I more so enter a sweat cocoon of fluids are getting it on down there. Oh
Shoot sorry
Sometimes I like to take the form of the person I plan to fuck next. It's just that easy for me. I am a shape shifter
It's all part of my magic
All right drink some of my green fluid
Tasty and green and I produce that myself
Out of the nipples that are come out of me at various points is months the grunge. No, I just I
Take the form sometimes of the of the person you want to fuck least
Just as a challenge
Sometimes I do it every year. All right, let's continue with this list. We've also got some grunge letters to get to
So we might get to those later
Let's continue we've got a lot of these to get through and then I have to do the speed round at the end
we'll go ahead and uh
Turn off these segment alerts
Because that'll probably take us through to the end of grunge miss. We also have the patreon in not but an hour
For those who are a member of the cream team patreon
Casem moved it to Friday
Just cuz he tries trying to draft off this fucks miss energy
Couldn't help himself I guess
Anyway, let's see what this list is up to
Okay
Turn it up
Turn up my fucks miss beats
Beats by fucks miss. Okay
Is this the same lady? Is this is this a different leader? Is this the same lady who wears gray grunge?
That was just me when I was feeling under the weather. Okay. This is how I normally look. I swear
Same lady well either way. I mean they both they both do or she does
Stephen King I mean he honestly he's prolific. Okay. He's always wanting to fuck and occasionally he does
So I will give it to him every year. He'll fucks at least a couple of times
But I mean he's like trying to fuck like every five seconds
Murder on the dance floor
She can she can she's allowed the does this freakish bear fuck
She was to be holding either a gun or a gun sword
And I'm assuming Lou been a basket. It's got the d'Artagnan hat
Yeah, it fucks sure
I'm the prosthetic penis guy guy from a
share company
Yeah
Yeah, he does you're like did I want to see him fuck? I'm not sure but yeah, there he is. I guess he's doing it
Um
Crumb think he just proves that he needs a break. Okay
Look, I feel like everyone's a little harsh on this on this fella here
but
Do I want to see him fuck? No. Have I seen him fuck? Yes. Should he fuck not this year?
Okay
Yes, I don't know what's happening here, but I like it
the poster fucks
Can I crop this so it's just the poster I
Don't know how to do that
Here, I'll position it like this
The poster gets to fuck but the man doesn't only his left shoulder gets to fuck
Anyway, I don't know what's happening here, but but this whatever this is it fucks. Gax easy easy fuck
Thank you
there is again
prosthetic penis guy from
The chair company he's getting on the list twice this year even though he's been naughty and nice
Is this the roll for it guy? That seems right
Not roll for it a critical role
Matt Mercer fucks. Yeah. Yeah, I'll say fucks. He's in kind of a I'm gonna fuck post that guy who's old
Either that or um that guy sings that song you didn't have to turn me up
Gochie anyway, this isn't gochie anything this is that guy who's old and he's old this year
He's too old to fuck. Sorry
I believe in
What's his name Jeff Randy?
Joe Henry not Jeff Randy
Well Jeff Randy fucks, but does Joe Henry fuck?
I'm gonna say sure he looks a little bit like Jeff Randy. So
Yeah, that's a wrestler this dog
Look, it's a dog. I'm not saying he fucks people guys, but he does fuck
Jeff Randy's a new correspondent. He should be whatever this thing is do that case
The black knight he doesn't let people pass actually anywhere
Behind him down below him. He says no to it all
So he doesn't I would love to I always try to get him to and he says no
What I know he says some other yes some other way saying it that I can't remember
Barbara Streisand as like the evil stepmom from Cinderella or something I'm into it either way and yes
Back in the day and today
the thing
Holding a hot steaming
Bong
Anyway, whatever. Yeah, they go rocky rocky boy
His penis is confusing. It's
Rocky and
It looks like he got the disease down there because it's so crevice but I like that just like I like this spaghetti creature. I
Mean again, I you know, it's not all about you humans
Okay, you're not the only sentient being out there that loves sex believe me and this thing does too this vacuum fucks
Again, you probably can't handle it. I'm not saying all of these are for you. Most of you fleshy humans
You can't turn into a vacuum and fuck another vacuum, but I have that kind of power
And also you could jam your penis into but it might suck it off of you
It might suck it into its into its gears. No, we're you know, rip it up
Mary Poppins fucks and she's another cosmic being with untold horrific powers
So be careful if she wants to fuck she does but again humans. I don't think you can handle it because she'll
Float into your life and completely change the very nature of your being this guy doesn't fuck
I don't know what his deal is though the preview channel does fuck though
It does the church of the FSM. Yeah, this guy fucks
Mori fucks all the baby mamas. I
Thought it was like Larry Summers or something. So I was kind of hedging. It's Mori. Okay, then he fucks if it's not Larry Summers
I don't really know what Larry Summers looks like
Okay
This guy the what's his face from the Dodgers
Mori povich. Okay. Yeah, he can get on it then I
Can't remember this guy's name even though he's very famous, but he does fuck
This is another one. We might have to
Otani Otani doesn't fuck I'm seeing a boo
And this isn't Jeff Randy to Jeff Randy 2.0
Some people are saying no to Jeff Randy. Okay, this is another one. We're gonna have to take it to the chat
And here's the question
Did John Cena fuck this year
It's up to you chat and you can pick both how you're gonna explain this if you're gonna explain it with exclamation point
Oh, nope. He got fucked fuck. No, nobody knows and sucked off which
Does count for me
Just so you know damn it's going hard in here guys
It looks like it's very likely that he got fucked
Which I have explained actually oh it's a tie between fucked and sucked off
That mean oh sucked off one actually
Late-minute addition to sucked off that means he does fuck
You might feel like he got fucked but that counts and
Look at how placid and like at peace. He looks here
That's a sign of someone who just came real good and he's getting choked which if you do it right is great
Okay, the second Genesis has fucked for its entire existence and it's never stopped fucking
This muscley guy from I think an anime the name of which I can't remember but look at the amount of crotch
He's offering up
He is serving crotch right now and that yep. I like I like you what I see ultimate muscle. That's right
Professor oak but specifically standing next to a muscular statue of himself
Along with one to two Pokemon, which I don't know if that's one Pokemon with two heads or what either way everyone in this image fucks
tingle does fuck
but
avoid
Avoid humans you will not like the way that tingle fucks. I like it a lot
One of my tops of all time
The vibes for you will be on the holy and he will die
So probably don't but yeah for me he does
This guy does I don't know this guy died. I don't want him to I don't know this guy. I
Don't want him to the devil lady fucks for sure. That's easy
Thief Kendall for sure fucks. She fucks up the system and
whoever she pleases
Brazil knows to a Namu's
You I predicted that he wouldn't fuck this year and he's not this car fucks
Papito do you fuck if you have a really long neck?
The people want to know
What's up? He confused me so hard. I blasted around I teleported all around my cave
Okay, I guess I guess I'm just gonna leave him here
He's he's beyond us knowing what he does this guy fucks this guy fucks at the end of the world
This guy kills he could fuck another guy that I try to get to fucking
He's and he just stares at me and says kill yourself
Actually, that's not even how he puts it says something else
But the vibe is that he wants me to die and it takes a lot of my energy to resist
This man does not fuck
This is a man who's in training to fuck and I keep encouraging him to improve
I've given this man one of the few men I've ever given private lessons to and yet still doesn't fuck
this is like
Blonde
D age George Lucas I think
In a geck shirt and he doesn't fuck
Older George Lucas
Sometimes fucks very rarely
Again kind of his choice kind of not this guy though banned from fucking oh, it's Chinese case Blackwell
Well Chinese case Blackwell would fuck but I don't believe you. I think this is blonde George Lucas
This dolphin fucks dolphins are weird about how they fuck though again humans avoid oh
Okay
Little-known Chicago sketch group cigarette sandwich
Featuring case mid ejaculation which might make you think he fucks, but he doesn't
Claire fucks
Carl fucks
even Tim fucks
Even Andy fucks, but these two are dragging down the average
Bill is actually banned in all dimensions from fucking
He's one of those few interdimensional beings that kind of breaks the rules of reality
Because in an infinite universe you'd think there'd be versions of bill that fuck none of them do
None of them do if he fucks in any universe that universe stops instantly the second he even tries
He's a sort of a Vishnu like figure. You know he's he's
Destructive with his desire to fuck, but he never gets to and his penis is ugly
one of them
Sickest-looking penises I've ever seen it shouldn't be called one and yet you know it is
Anyway, they don't fuck because of those two
because of those two
All right
This guy the snake fucks, but he doesn't can I even get this to work?
There we go. Oh
Should I need to reverse this image somehow? I'll just do this
It's just the snake. He doesn't even fuck the sandpaper that doesn't count that's short of him
Just trying to sand his disgusting penis off
Does this collectible toy fuck? Yes
It does
It is actually sent to break the human race by fucking them into submission this sleigh but monster fucks for sure
This stone and pumpkin penis does fuck as well
It fucks the whole city
I do fuck whatever version of me I do
This bear and I was fuck again avoid if you're human it'll suck your soul out
through your genitals
That's how it feeds. It's like a sex vampire
But it does it does its thing
Munch he really wants us to think he fucks
But you know who else wasn't on the list I think
Did I put chrome on the list? No, I didn't his posters on the list
Look these two are essentially a fused being as far as I'm concerned
So one's not on the list the other one's not they'll deny it but I can see into their souls and they're essentially
Constantly fucking each other creating a negative fuck energy where neither of them fucks
Okay, Greg Keely sorry Jeff Keely
I like calm Greg though personally
The panty raider
Don't let him trick you he's not fucking but I will put the little the classic G for a logo gets to fuck
So I'll leave a little corner in there in the fucks list
Yeah, good old Jeff Randy. I call him Jeff Randy
The alien from American dad glow stick version sure you're gonna get it
You better believe Emma frost fucks. Come on. Give me a break
Those legs could fuck your head into non-existence
Those thighs
What's going on here? Oh?
It's Skulls skull skull and mold Skull and Molly Molly and Skull
The X files the X is for they should have fucked so in my head cannon they did
Should have been x rated. Who's this?
I don't know who this is
Should I know who this is? I can't tell he's a cop
French Stewart it's a Nazi. I'm gonna just say no
You don't think they fuck
It's a Nazi. Okay. That's well. He's off the list Dave
This guy's not this guy can't be a Nazi right?
No, I'm concerned because anyone I don't know could be a Nazi technically but anyway looks like he fucks
He's got a kind of a beefy fuck energy, you know like he's gonna cut wood and then and then treat you good
Jake
terrified of sex
Absolutely horrified
During the entire process, but does fuck
You wouldn't expect it. He doesn't really
Doesn't seem like he knows he knows what he's doing, but then he does so good anyway
It's weird
this cope harder
Hmm tactical Santa Claus, I guess
Santa's always trying to fucking steal my shine
Whether he's in like Team Fortress or whatever's happening. I'm gonna say he doesn't rock and stone. Oh wait, is that the guy who?
All right, fine. He does fuck if it's if it's just a dwarf then he fucks
What is happening here is that Wario is that Wario and Waluigi in some alternate universe form they look like they fuck
More rock and stone Jeff
I'm gonna count that as a kid. So for safety. He's gonna he's gonna stay in the Pepito zone
Um
these two
goblins
They fuck those goblins fuck this guy
Some anime guy he's an anime about eating or something
Yeah, I think he fucks. It's always the friendliest ones always fuck the best honestly
It's cosmically true
And there he is fucking again this guy fucks
He's kind of tortured in how he fucks on he's fucks a little too hard actually
You know, it's like he's excising too many demons when he fucks, but he does fuck
These two fuck but you know kind of less than they used to
These guys don't
We're going with our kid in the picture policy and then and so none of them get to if I could I guess I could do this
What do we think about this guy? Did he fuck this year?
Or is he fucking at a discount?
I'm not sure, but I don't feel like bringing it to a poll. I don't think he deserves it fuck that guy
Okay, that was my feeling as well
He fucks on a aw. Oh, it's a complicated one. I might instinct is that none of them fuck
Here's more laboos sent to destroy humanity with their fuck
Sunday fucks and
Saturday and Friday
The rest of the week doesn't fuck and this creature's power is tied to the weeks. It's tied to dates in general
Robert Blackwell, unfortunately fucks you won't like it. He fucks with really thick socks on
But he also he kind of takes it to Poundtown surprisingly
The marriage, you know, he's three times divorced
But it wasn't for the sex looks like munches dad, but better in bed. I don't know who this is
So I know who this is. I don't know what he's holding either
Yeah, he keeps a polo. He keeps a north face cardigan on the whole time. He fucks
flute guy this flute guy fuck
That name makes me think he does. Okay. Okay. He does
Look say what you will about Luigi Mangione
This isn't a moral judgment on shooting people in the back
But the back shots don't lie he does fuck
Steven Miller
Is he's on a list that I can't even show you so I'm gonna fly him over to the that list now
He's over here in the neck in the negative zone
Where fucking is no longer allowed
Okay
This volleyball fucks actually
And it can withstand fucking surprisingly, but I don't like how it fucks and munch then cast away munch
Wanted to fuck it so bad, but never did so
They're gonna end up on the not fucks list. La boo boo's once again do fuck
Randy darling here sort of like a Gina darling if she were a NASCAR dad
Does fuck still
You can
You can take the Gina out the fuck but you can't take the fuck out the Gina
What is happening here? All I know is I'd like it to happen on my genitals
Again, you might not get it because you can't turn into a tree like I can
Reaches pieces fuck rogue one genus Gina is on the fucks list
This pup puppets in general fuck all the ninja turtles fuck, but none of them fuck as hard as slash
Actually cring is the best lay but the turtles do fuck and this guy is
He's like as far over on the knocks fucks list as I can get them and guys
That concludes the officially sourced fucks list for the year
We've done it again these mad lads
Let's do some letters to the grunge and then um
The and then we will run through the ones that have been added
During the stream to the grunge mislist in a speed run, which I believe to keep up with grunge mis tradition
I have to wrap
There's simply no choice
Gosh, there's a lot of them though
Dang there's a ton. Okay. There's I think I found the end of the list there. Okay good
Very quick rate
We've what we fucked again this year chat
Let me just say it's been an honor to grunge miss with you all
For this is the fourth grunge miss
Do we do one last year?
Did I forget to wake up that happened sometimes I miss a couple years every now and then
But we're almost done again
We've almost fucked again this year and I do consider what we do here to be sex. You don't have to
But I do
Before we finish up though and finish hard I'll check in with your letters to the grunge and
And see what you've got for me. Oh grunge miss portal. Oh grunge miss portal
Stick it in me good and make me squirtle. What do you have for me?
Best and worst mascots
Best and worst mascots
Super dave, that's a great question
I feel like uh, what's the girl? What's the philadelphia one the philadelphia fanatic?
He's the one that I feel like is sticks in my bed in my head the best
Uh, whatever the green one is that has like the big fuck snout. That's my fave lease fave. Um
I guess the the uh back when it was the
Washington redskins. I mean that had to be probably not the not the best choice, right?
You agree super dave say say nothing if you agree. All right moving on
If I drape an american flag on my penis while erect, but it touches the ground when I go flaccid does that make me unpatriotic? Yes
I don't make the rules
Oh, yeah hulk hogan. I remember way back when when the mega powers were bonded
Yeah, you made a lot of promises to the macho man, didn't you?
Promises that you didn't keep I remember one specific one
Yeah, you promised that elizabeth would never be in a dangerous position
You broke that promise didn't you hold hogan?
And who had to come in and make that critical save the macho man randy savage covering for hogan again
Hulk hogan. I only come down to your matches when it's absolute
Oh
Calling out hulk hogan who I put off the fucks list this year. So
I like what you're putting down and again you are invited. You're invited
Yu-Gi-Oh or magic the gathering?
Uh magic easy
I do want to fuck Yu-Gi-Oh though
Oh, man, this guy
I can woo-la-woo-la with you all day long add your lotion, baby
I'm about to beyblade burst
Am I wearing green face or is this AI?
Um
You know, I'm just gonna say neither
It's definitely not AI in the past
We've used alternate versions of of this technique to to be more green and they don't always pay off
So, uh, I'm just gonna say I'm irradiated with the power of of twitch filters
Yes
Which tellots of you are you fucking and why isn't all of them at the same time?
Great question and the answer is because they are adults
I'm fucking the guys in the suits
The telltimes themselves. I think are representations of babies, but out of the suits
I hate to break your burst your bubble, but just a bunch of guys that are great lays
So I'm fucking them all
I hear the Easter Bunny says they fuck more than you comments
He does, but I do think it's a lower quality
You know, he's he's doesn't sink into a sweat coma in a chrysalis like cocoon of moisture for
360 plus date well 360 days a year
So he's got time on his side and he's fucking a lot because he's a bunny and that's true what they say
Bunnies are disgusting fuck creatures
What's up?
Hey grunge need your expert opinion
Do the fox and rabbit from zootopia fuck
Case seems opposed to it
Case is a hates love. Okay, they're in a different universe. It's a universe of talking animals
We don't know the rules they follow
It seems like they're in a universe
where
They're all still different species that are living together
But my theory is that they're just in a highly racialized society
um
With it, you know extreme levels
of of racist oppression
And they're actually all just different types of talking animals
So in their universe, it's not interspecies sex. It's talking animal on talking animal sex
Even a giraffe could could I think make a baby with a gerbil in their universe?
That's my theory and I think they do fuck. I think they will fuck and I think we'll see bunny fox hybrids
In the next film. What's up?
Which pokemon do you let poke you?
eckons
I got an eckons fetish
I like the way they say their s's
I learned a few weeks ago
That you can get a freak glazing. I mean glazed donut from crispy cream if the hot and ready sign is on
Really?
He says the tips I don't have time to get
Because I'm just around for a couple days, you know and I live on a giant snowy mountain next to a
Disgusting sweaty hoot orgy and I say disgusting in a positive way. So invite me already
What's up, man?
You doing okay?
Seems like you've got a year
Pupido, could you fix this despite several warnings on the trend of I couldn't hear a word he was saying
but um
I do think it was maybe racist against asian people. So I'm just gonna move on
Mr. Grunch my daddy went to fight some bad people and he hasn't came back yet. Could you please bring back my daddy for Christmas?
Please
You know, I'll have case follow up with you after the stream
uh
Because I do feel like this is just a backhanded way to try to get into the annual fox miss orgy and you're still not allowed
Because of what happened all the other years
There's been reports of you only having one asshole. Can you comment on those rumors?
Do you not have multiple assholes that you claim? Okay? That's ridiculous
I've got as many as I need no superman as as strong as he needs to be the writers of the comics said that
That's me an asshole. Okay. I can't show them on twitch. I'd love to show them
For some reason cases refute or case refuses to put this stream on chatter bait
Which I've requested every time I've done it and yet he's still just on the little kids network or whatever. So
It sucks. I'd love to show I've got an asshole just right here on my armpit ready to go
But I can't even show you that so
TOS or whatever. It's a lie and I'm tired of these lies next question
Propaganda underscore v2
Okay
great point
currently working
um wait
These things got slightly mixed up
Pretty sure these are backwards
Not sure how that even happens honestly
Uh, let's see if we can fix that the question is will grunch fuck a switch to this Christmas
mouse mode or pro controller
um, and the answer is uh
I mean both if I can and yes
All right, let's see if that fixed it
What holes are a human's best holes to get filed and why?
To get filed
Like to keep a record of
Um
Look the thing is everybody's got an asshole
Well, that's not even true. Some people's get sealed up
Um, or they lose them
Um, or they remove them, but most people have assholes
So I think it's a great way to get to know somebody's to compare assholes
So I'm kind of an asshole guy personally. You know what I mean?
Hey, you'll get it someday
The reason Jeremy Renner got hurt was because he tried to fuck the snowplow to get on the fuck's list
Wow, well, I can't be held responsible for that. Doesn't that sound like the kind of thing he would do?
No comment. Am I saying he wouldn't do that?
No comment next question
Grunch letters sent
Well, that's clear
You did send it. All right. Yes, nary grunch miss. Wow. That was surprisingly sweet
Probably a good place to end it, but there is one other letter. So
On your way fox adult with a weird voice
Oh, no same one
Mary grunch mess
You feel like live in sleazy sent one. Oh, okay. Maybe this is the last one. Oh, they're deleting
Mary grunch mess
One second. I can fix this
I'll use my ancient immortal grunch power powers to this is the last one though
Okay, okay, okay
What is an easy way to get that p come where it's half p half come
How can you make that happen regularly? The grandmas love it
This is a beautiful question to end on and look it's simpler than you'd think
You just have to practice till you can pee while you come. There's no other way around it. Okay
I know it sounds like you can't do both
My only advice is to try
That's really what grunch miss is all about. Let's send it back to the surface
Um, and let's never speak of this again
Mary grunch miss
Okay
We've got one last round of people to speed add to the fox list through the power of rap
Sounds like a grunch miss miracle if I've ever heard one
And then we'll get out of here for yet another year
Let's see. Can I just cycle through these? Nope. This is a beautiful song. Um, let me get to the right spot here
Okay, ah
Here's the lists the remaining items on the list
All right, we need a beat
We need a christmas type beat
This is sort of already what we're listening to but we need something else
Okay
What's this one?
Earn it up. We got only got 15 minutes here
A red grunch a gray grunch
So many types of grunch
Okay
Let's drop it again. Yes
Grunch miss time
But to make a list like i'm having sex meaning it's easy grunch
gray hunch
I gotta hunch no matter the color that he loves to fuck if he's red if he's gray or of course if he's green
He's keeping it in the sack and he's keeping it mean and I mean good
And what's good
I ain't even really fitting to stop you
I'm in the sumo ring and i'm pushing the king onto the fox list. I'm talking arata. Yeah, that's right
Marshall from common side effects fucks the best he's got psilocybin and he's putting fucks to the test we got the
CIA fucking all day in the car. Yeah, baby. They cough but they don't play they on the list
Just like these little white creature kids. They're not kids because they're way too cosmic so they fuck
But in a weird way, but when you're all tripped out, I promise that it's okay
You're not making it on the list cast. Yeah, that's a pass. We got this fucking crazy lady and she's fucking like mad
I think she's from smile and i'm not in denial. I've been wanting to fuck this freak for a while. Whoo
How to start
Can't keep me and him apart. Yeah
Getting me beating from the heart
Uh
Yeah, he fucks from the heart. We got original Jared from silicon valley. He don't fuck baby
I'm sorry if that's making you mad. We got oh
They looking cute
Fuck solid day. That's crash bandicoot side to side. That's a side scroller. Let me grab my controller
I'm gonna bust before I'm done. You know, I almost show her. It's a liviamon in the setting sun
She's on the fuck's list. Well before we even done. We got a little penguin and he's counting the money
He fucks baby and it's not even funny. We got yes
Living here in nesty sin. He's sparking off cuz he fucks. That's electrician. I'm talking jizbo
Okay, who else fucks
Give me my grunch beats
How many do we have left?
But the grinch who lived just north of whoville
dead not
Oh my this is some
Dark and twisted fantasy type beats or something. I don't know
Is there a beat though?
Come on
Oh my
Faster. Yeah, we do have to go faster
We only have
15 minutes left
Give me a beat grunch beat youtube video. Look at this thing
Apparently it's an m&m hopsin type beat whatever that means
I just would love it to drop
Oh, yeah, you know, she's treating them well. She's on the fuck's list for you running that kandel. We got the top golf
Yeah, we don't stope
Top golf, you know that it folks
Blues clues you're the one that I choose you fucking my ass every time you come through
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you better even stop it. Don't listen fucking on the list. It's glad it's from weapons
I don't think so she's off it and I'm not gonna stop it. We got the modern bubs. Yeah, I think that that boy can top it
He's on the list
Just like razor blade snickers. They're not good for treats, but they are good for fucking
What's even happening here?
What
Alvin the chick mugs
Looking nasty, but they don't fuck. I think they're kids man. Chucky cheese. Yes, please
Bitch, you know, I have the mouse you need and they fuck. Oh my god. I'm inspired on the fuck's list again
It's Tony the tiger. I already told you this bears on the list
It's creepy. Yes, fuck of it. You catch my gist. He's gonna fuck your soul because he's got the control
That's puffy bear baby fill and never re-haul we got ha she
Mo toe every time he fucks, you know, he's letting it go. He's on the list just like this man who's made up of arms
All of them fuck though
Kessam you're still off the list. I don't care how many times you appear to me kid
We got that guy who loves to smell panties and he's dead. So, you know, he doesn't fuck me
We got the creepy twins and they love to fuck but I said they have to stop so they simply do not
We got Kevin perreira, you know that he might stare you but he will never fuck because he actually never has cared
It's the bin bear already said that he fucks and he does
Jeremy renner was off the list because the stuff that he said was not that good
Does this guy have sex? I bet he does not this country bear fucks. Yes. I bet that he does
Jesus christ is on the list. You think he's a virgin but he's not kids
Vacuum's always fuck. How are the duck fucks this thing from the game peek also fucks. I'm bin
Bunging in a never-and-stopping. I got egg man. He's fucking enough. Oh, we got jake and yes, he fucks
He does it weird, but he still does fuck lady kandall best believe daddy fucks and this guy covering himself in cheese
Always fucks. We got an instant lunch and that fucks
A.W. what's his face? He fucks
I can't remember his name, but he was champion and he done changed the whole game
Gina darling already on the list. You know that he fucks. We got crackhead yogi bear and he sometimes fucks
We got munch with the gun and this munch fucks. We got this guy
He fucks
fucks
Doesn't fuck doesn't fuck doesn't fuck
Fuck
This guy definitely fucks. He's got a golden ass and he fucks like a truck. We got
heavily used ammo let it go
He doesn't have a penis. So, you know, he does fuck still
Vladislav the cat what the fuck even is that he fucks though
And just to round it out
Kid rock doesn't fuck this guy does fuck these this whole army fucks
Um the hideo kajime young or old fucks. Obviously this lady fucks
Um fucks fucks definitely fucks doesn't fuck fucks. Uh, doesn't does fuck
Um, the pass fucks fucks does fuck fucks fucks fucks fucks fucks
Fucks fucks fucks fucks and finally fucks and that's a
Merry grunge miss y'all
Boom
Okay
We've done it again. Yes
All right, y'all. I hope you had a merry grunge miss
By the power of grunge miss
We fucked again this year
Papito
Send it off to someone else. I need to get back to my sweaty cocoon of sex
Well, it's gonna form around me over the course of the orgy, you know, I don't want to know
Yes
Are you about to rap
No, why would I rap?
It just you made it seem like you were about to I wasn't oh
Bark bark. It seems like you're gonna rap. I don't know. I'm not
If you want to rap just rap. Yeah, I don't want to
Hmm
Or pito, you're just sort of rapping are you gonna find someone to raid
I'm bit I only have a couple hours left of existence
This is the last thing I do before I fuck myself into another year long coma
That sounds like a you problem. All right
I
Want to eat a bunch of pistachios
As a Christmas treat I want to also eat a bunch of thousand pound
Egyptian thread sheets
I want to eat stuff. I want to eat like a carpet. I want to eat half of a counter. I want to eat a bunch of wood chips. Yes
Who should I write papito?
Hmm
If there's any requests for someone to raid put them in the chat, but they'll probably raid dr. Diggity diggity
Dr. Diggity dink
Merry papito miss to everyone. That was the theme of the stream and we have so much fun
But the papito Christmas now is finally done. So we're gonna wait another year before there's another one. Bye
Bye
Well, that's a little rude. This is sort of my only stream
Once a year
But if you want to claim it as yours papito
Fine
Anyway, thanks everybody
Merry grunge miss Kendall. Do you want to wish merry grunge miss and or christmas to everybody before we end the stream?
Want to wish merry christmas and or grunge miss to chat?
We're counting it down. We're almost done
Oh, I don't know. She's actually coming. She might not be she might not make it
Anyway, merry grunge miss. Oh, she said she was coming but I guess she's not
She must have said no and I just heard what I wanted to hear
Anyway, say hi to dr. Diggity for me. It is a grunge miss raid. They won't know what that means
And honestly, you don't have to explain it
We'll see you next year or case. We'll see you
Next monday. I think he's doing a monday stream at least
Anyway, have a beautiful rest of the holidays. Bye. Bye everybody back to the fuck cocoon with me papito
Sometimes I wonder is this really any way to live?
And then my insatiable urge to ejaculate tells me yes
That's pretty gross
I kind of don't like this whole thing
The whole thing's kind of gross
Now you're getting it
Okay. Bye. Bye everybody. Bye