The people behind the wealth tax...
I'm the beat on.
The don get produced.
It's the show.
I know.
It's just a lifetime tax.
I know.
And not just for billionaires either.
It's got a hidden loophole that lets politicians expand the tax to anyone without voter approval.
Vote no.
Been before Patreon, I feel like I've died.
Or...
Wait on time, we're back.
We're taking little extra breaks here and there, you know?
Oh my god, my arm.
But we will be streaming today, briefly.
And tomorrow.
And it's good to be back.
I was out of town again.
And then as soon as I got back, more things to do than expected.
Though some of them fun things that you guys will eventually...
Hopefully see, assuming it all goes according to plan.
The news of today, revolution.
Well, propaganda said it first, so that's on propaganda.
If anyone's starting one, just let me know.
Also my eye might be kind of minor now, but it was super swollen.
For the reason I was like, maybe I will just work on Wednesdays.
I seem to have like a, I had a sty going that was really crazy.
And it's still kind of there.
Can kind of see it.
Pink eye?
I don't think so.
Because it's just...
Well, it may be.
But it's under the under eye.
Herpes.
If it's that, we need to inform certain other people in my life.
Just one, actually.
Yeah, I stay on my little eye.
I'm writing a children's book about my eye style becoming my best friend.
Oh man!
You guys, my wireless headphones just cut out.
You hate it when it happens.
But sometimes it does.
Eugh.
Good thing I've got so many cords here to fix all problems.
One second.
Just a minute.
Oh geez.
Oh God.
Wrong cord actually.
Too many cords.
Okay, we'll go old school.
Eugh.
This is what I like to say is old school.
This is dangling a cord in front of my face.
There we go.
Yeah, I wouldn't be streaming if I didn't have tech issues that I just kind of mumbled
to you guys about.
Still the highest form of this stream is whatever that is.
The secret root of all creativity, complaining about tech.
What the fuck?
There it is.
I have so many.
If you could see the horrors of cords that exist under here.
Shave case bald.
What did I do?
Why does that need to happen?
And who says?
Do it.
Shave yourself bald and feed me your scalp.
I'd still have a scalp.
Then shave harder.
It's pretty violent, Pepito.
So is eating beans.
But I like to do that.
How are you doing?
Are you doing okay?
Yeah.
I just like to eat beans.
No.
Well, anyway, there's about 45 segments to get to that I was supposed to get to on Monday,
which I didn't stream on and then I could have gotten to it on Wednesday, but I didn't.
So we'll start making some headway possibly today, but there's only one way we can start
the stream around here.
And for better or worse, that is news.
It's still here.
Back at it as always.
I never take a day off because I only work one day a week.
And that's the schedule, so I'm not taking it off.
Good to see you all.
I'm Jeffrey Puddle here with all the late and or oldest shit news because Case hasn't
been around.
We can still do the latest and hottest news.
Oh, I'm starting to remember why I changed my whole earplug situation because it yanks
on my ear all stream.
There we go.
Quit fucking around with your headphones.
You just fucked around with yours quietly, not on camera.
This is more of my song than I usually hear.
Call it a run.
Always.
But there's no goddamn time for that case.
No yanking on stream.
Unless that's the type of stream it is.
Full yank stream.
New Yank meta unlocked.
New hype train unlocked.
The Yank meta is back.
The hype train is here.
Oh, thank god.
I'm worried we're going to have to talk about what's in the news.
Fire, war.
Those two things, infinitely.
Infinitely with no cease.
But I guess the hype train is here, so you get an easy out.
Still on this bullshit where you are happy to see me, Case?
It's a new chill case, actually.
I don't really have smoke for anyone anymore.
For anyone?
No smoke for anyone.
What are you talking about?
Come on, I give it to you.
You can't give it back, but you try.
Nope.
New peaceful case here.
I'm not yanking in that way.
This is a yank stream case.
If you're not going to yank, then get off the screen.
Yeah, I'm here to yank, man.
Like cranky anchors?
That's not the only reference point for the word yank case for other people.
There's also the yankies.
The yankies in 5's this camera.
Yeah, the yank there.
What's the yank there?
It's a panther that yanks.
Yeah, I dated the yank there briefly in college.
You went to college?
College of yanking.
I didn't know yanking was so important to you.
Yeah, because you're supposed to question those types of things, Kase.
What if I'm not telling the truth?
Oh, that'd be unfortunate, but I guess you're probably going through something if you are.
Fuck you, I'm not, and I've never lied, and...
I can't give it to the hype train either.
I'm on the hype train side.
Well, look, you know, do you want a beat or something?
I'm supposed to ask that.
The hype train, calm down, it's fine.
There we go, now we're fighting.
No, we're not.
I'm not a fighter anymore.
Where were you?
That's a good point.
No, it wasn't.
Ah, okay.
For making me forget to drink my lotion.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, that's the way, and I'm yanking the whole chat.
When I'm not around and it's not a chat, it's a...
How do I say this?
Trying to crumbling the word chat and yank.
Yeah, but it's coming out in a way in my head that gets a little dangerous.
Okay.
So I guess I'm gonna do that.
Alright, that's fine.
Okay.
I guess I could be agreeable too.
Yeah, I guess we both can.
No, we can't!
Alright!
What type of beat do you want?
There we go, I'm starting to annoy him.
Umm...
A yank type beat?
Chanking.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's funny to say.
Chank.
It's got an A in there.
Yeah, this is why we shouldn't.
I read it in chat, it seems safe.
I'm not, I'm battling on the combining chat and yank.
Umm, viewers in yank?
Vanking?
Nah, that sucks.
What? You're supposed to be nice now.
I'm just saying, that sucks.
I'm just trying to be honest with you.
Anyway, give me that yanking type track beat.
I need to yank today.
I roll out on the wrong side of the track and I need to yank.
You roll out on the wrong side of the track?
Like, you were in a disadvantaged area?
I could explain if I could get a yanking track to yank too.
Listen to my jack.
This is just my Majan 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Yes.
I'm a proud yanky man.
The first Delaware did some major yanking in the day.
Take that Johnny Ribbs subhypertrain.
Oh, what's up president?
I remember I never let him too.
You meant to say antetum?
Nah, that's sort of the passage of time changes how people pronounce things.
Back in the day we used to call it anetum.
Oh, so he's saying it right?
Yeah, he's as eloquent as always.
I know him back from my Katana days in New Los Angeles, but today I'm actually here to
talk about yanking.
Give me the yanking type B.
I tried.
Is this a yank type beat to yank to?
I guess I'll have to let hype train me the judge.
What the fuck?
Man, this ain't a yanking beat.
It sucks.
I barely yanked off to this just because I was yanking anyway.
So I ain't about to stop.
All right, everybody in the chat been yanking all day.
They got the stuff on the end and they've been yanking it away.
Didn't know what I mean when I say yank.
Jank?
Jank?
J-J-J-O?
No, I mean when you get so upset you let it blow that you grab and you squeeze and you yank until it flows.
I'm talking about squeezing everything in your life until you squeeze it so hard that it starts to feel right.
You see your mind is too sexual and it's deep in the gutter, but I got some things to say about yanking and I won't stutter.
Yanking is a state of mind.
You yank till you feel fine.
It is stress relieving, baby.
I've been doing it all the time.
Yes.
Yeah, case yanking isn't all about jerking off.
Oh, I just assumed that's because that's the level that you're on.
Me, I'm actually on the level that's fucking gone.
I'm in the stratosphere and I'm still yanking it off.
Did you hear about the time that I yanked off infinity?
No.
It's the thing I did regularly, actually.
We've been all doing it every second of every day.
If you live for a second, you've been yanking, okay?
Because yanking is the process of living.
I didn't realize it went so deep.
Is it deep just to say a thing is a thing?
Wow, we're really asking the questions today.
Kind of giving it to the hype train there.
I thought you were on his side.
Yeah, I thought you were on my side, Jeff.
Are you my new enemy?
No.
I didn't mean to be.
That's correct.
Case is still my enemy.
Be careful not to yank too deep.
What happens if you yank deep?
Well, if you yank too deep, you might yank into a place you're not ready for.
Oh, no.
Can that happen?
Oh, it can happen.
Oh, you can yank just right and end up with a yank deep like this.
This is called Rosaromet.
And it's a little bit too chilled for my taste.
Yeah, this isn't really a yank deep.
This is when you yank so hard that you achieve yank fauna.
Oh.
When you yank real soft, but just right,
you end up feeling so perfect and light.
You sleep just like a baby at night
because you yanked yourself into the future side
and now you see nothing but life.
And it's so nice.
I yank to the dimension of party times
and good times and feeling fine and sublime.
And the band sublime is there too.
Playing guitar like bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop.
Sublime's there.
Yeah, whatever the lead singer that is.
He's there.
Not the rest of the band?
I don't know the rest of the band.
All you see is the lead singer.
Oh, no.
Did the rest of the band not make it to yank fauna?
Yank fauna case.
Say it right.
If you ever want to get yank fauna site,
you got to yank so nice and light.
And then you might, you might, you might see the light.
Yeah.
So this isn't jerking off.
I mean, that's part of it.
Oh, but it's not just that.
It's not just that, but it's part of it.
If you yank too hard, you'll pull something.
Tony Cabana in the chat.
T-shirt artist Tony Cabana.
This isn't the current sub goal,
but remember an old sub goal for T-shirts?
Tony Cabana is a pretty hot t-shirt design
that will be forthcoming.
How forthcoming?
It'll be forthcoming after enough yanking.
How much yanks does it take to make a shirt?
I don't know, but I do know how to flirt
with the concept of yanks.
You flirting with it?
I even going hard, yeah.
When you do a deep yanking,
you ain't ready for it.
You got to let something go.
You're not ready to even explore it.
And so you yank out the concept,
and it comes out of your balls.
And it's not even ready to survive in overalls.
So you take it out of your overalls.
What is he talking about?
I'm losing track.
And you put it in a suit.
And now it's dressed up,
and the yank concept gets a job.
What?
I've been talking about yanks.
I'm losing track, hype train.
I mean, it's fine, hype train, go off.
But what are you talking about?
I'm talking about giving birth to yank concepts,
and they come up childish,
but then you raise them.
Oh.
Now I have to explain it, it's not even worth it.
That's fine.
That's okay.
Maybe he should think the subs.
That's the type of thing I used to say.
But it's up to the hype train
if he wants to think the subs.
Maybe what he wanted to talk about all day
was giving birth to yank concepts.
That's not all I wanted to talk about.
It's not the only thing I talk about.
Hype train, I'm a huge fan, but lately,
you've been talking about nothing but yank concepts.
Well, I mean, yanking is just a...
Yank exception is just sort of a hot-button issue right now.
Yank exception?
Yeah, everybody's been talking about yank exception lately.
It's sort of the...
It's the state beyond gooning.
Gooning is sort of baby stuff for idiots.
If you actually commit to the concept of yanking,
then you experience yank exception.
And you transcend all of that,
all that judgment,
and you even transcend yanking itself.
And then what are you doing?
Being.
You know?
Yes.
This song's kinda dull.
Is this the sort of music you listen to
when you've yanked yourself into yank exception?
No, this is sort of first-level yank music.
Oh.
If you're not...
This is like an entree if you're not ready to really yank accept yet.
You gotta yank accept yourself harder.
Oh, it's about self-acceptance?
No.
Oh.
It's not about that.
Oh.
It's about wanting everything else.
Oh.
And then accepting that.
And then you accept yourself.
It's just so...
What are you talking...
Are you getting bothered?
No, I'm experiencing yank fauna.
No, you're not even...
You have to say it.
You're not doing it.
Hm.
Are you getting frustrated, Kase?
Is he pulling you out of yank fauna?
Apparently, I was never in it.
That's true.
No, that's fine.
Hm.
I mean, I wouldn't want to pull you off whatever sort of peaceful pedestal you find yourself on.
Not getting bothered by me talking about yank exception for 30 minutes.
I would never want to live with you like that, high train.
That's good, because you would.
But the fact is that you never actually could, cause I'm too yank-cepted.
So say your breath, kids.
I've been yanking all day and now I'm best.
Yes, yes.
What is yet?
Yeah, yes.
What?
Yank-cept.
Yeah, the yank-cepts and the clorice, the beats like this.
It's more than yank-cepted, I got people to thank.
I've been taking all that money straight to the yank bank.
Where you have to yank to even take a single fucking dollar,
but you probably didn't yank enough so you shouldn't even bother.
I've been yanking all day.
Come on, man.
300 bits from Skyline, where they don't play.
We got the mighty eyes right on top with the lotion for the yank.
And yes, they know that me makes me say yank-thank.
You think you know yank and taste wrong, Kase?
I guess.
But you didn't think about how those things actually connect.
If you yank, you gotta thank because the thing that you yank to
gave you the power to thank.
Yank.
Yank-yank.
Wow, this is really sticking with yanking today.
Well, yanked up, reinstilled the U, get it?
What's up, Apple-tap, and guess I assume this till addicted to Snapple.
And they got 35 months in, it's never rehearsed.
So we got S-1000.
Blah, blah.
In the jam, while they go yah, yah.
Woo!
Come be with the follow XB, FX with the follow as well.
We got Bubble Sprout, 47 months.
They love the smell, John Mike.
Aaaaaaaail, whoa.
Someone tell Crumb to take out the mask because you know what?
It isn't even Halloween yet.
Well, the fact is that's his fucking face.
So there's no chance you were stalked with it.
It's a chain, but it's true.
Skimer, what a dude.
Secret Chinese missions that we flew.
Yah, I know that is true.
Okay, Giggle Trash 2 with the One Community sub.
And as always, I think that's just way too much love.
We got Bubble Sprout with the 100 bits as well.
Bubble Teppin' with the 100 bits coming in from hell.
Mighty Yats again with the 100 and it's so nice.
Giggle Trash bringing this hype trend of life with the giftants of the Lady Sartrex, Yank.
He threw a Yanking at the end.
All of that was Yank style.
That's what you're doing today.
What the hell is this?
This is a Mike Towers type beat full of Nita R&B trapped.
Maybe is this related to Yanking?
Yes.
Oh, it is.
Copyright unfriendly, but it's too late.
They ain't gonna be writing when you Yank C.
And I've been Yanking all day like a Yankee.
Not on the baseball team, but in the fuckin' bleachers.
I've been sittin' in the feet and it's a real hot seat up
because I Yanked the seat off along with all of me.
And now the whole stadium is cheering, you see?
No?
Yes?
Yes.
No?
Yes?
Yes.
What?
No.
Yes?
No.
What?
What?
What?
Yank, yank, yank
Sometimes in the middle of the sentence
You just have to stop it and go yank
Okay
You might be saying something yank
You stop it and then you just say yank
Okay
Yank
At the start of the sentence
So maybe yank
At the end of the yank
In the middle of the yank
You can go anywhere is my point
Yank
Well
Sentence structure when it's
When it's yanked up
Then there's actually no rhyme or yank reason to it
Oh my god, he's putting yank everywhere in the sentence
I don't even know you can do that
A lot of people don't realize but it's true
I can put yank where I want to
Dude, I don't even have to be on the beat to say
Well
Anyway, mighty eyes of 100 bits
Venture TK with the gifted sub and shit
Or maybe that was a re-sub
I can't actually read
I've been yanking so hard that I can barely fucking see
Uncle Phil 2K with the 42 months
I've assumed they've been yanking
Cause you know it's all love
And in the chair when we all yank together
You see
We keep it so yanky and perfectly friendly
Yank
Yanking is about being friendly
Yanking is about friendship
That's what this was
That's what that's sort of
Yeah
You think
People think it's selfish
But it actually is all about friendship
And when
Are you trying to say jerking off is about friendship?
Yeah, but I already got clarified that
Yanking isn't really about just that
But that's part of it
That's part of it
That's part of it
Yank yank
Oh my god
Yank yank yank yank yank
Yank yank yank
YAAAAAAAAY
I think maybe he saw the end coming
Um
No, I think he was about to get into something important
Cause sort of felt like maybe he was just running out the clock there
No, I think he was about to drop some facts that will unfortunately never get to hear
Yeah, Yanks to the hype train
Is that the combination of Yanking thanks?
Well, technically it's just the word Yank
Is Yank a combination of the word Yank and thanks?
Um
Yes
You're too agreeable now
It's my new thing
I'm on a different wavelength now
I'm actually a chill guy
Sorry
Chill guys don't apologize
Is that true?
Do you disagree?
Nope
This is gonna be difficult
The news is still happening
The news is all over the place
I mean kind of literally it's hard to keep up with
Isn't that our job?
It is
But I just want to say it's hard
It's also not really my job
It's not?
It's more of a hobby
That's the only responsible way to news
It's just a hobby
Really? I thought you were a professional newsman
Yeah, but I it's irresponsible
I'm addicted to it
It'd be better if I kept it as a hobby
Oh wow
Big revelations today
Well I really yanked on it
I've realized some things about myself
Damn
I guess the hype train was right
He always is, case
In his own way
Live updates
Pentagon says
Firing squad executions of Fort Hood Shooter
Will be live streamed
Where back baby
Play something patriotic
Do we have anything patriotic?
Cued up
Nope that's just news music
America
We lost our way in the wilderness
But we're back
To live streaming executions
Somebody called Paul Virhoeven
No need to make movies anymore
Is that really what it sounds like?
They're just gonna live stream an execution?
I don't know
I guess I'll read the story and tell you
Also could we really be back if um
You know the technology to live stream executions
Is a little more recent
If they could have they would have back in the day
Yeah but maybe that's not good
Case
You're chill now
Be chill about this
Be chill about the live streamed executions
Be chill about the live streamed executions
Alright
Okay he agrees don't worry it's fine
The congressman is following um wait what
I lost the story
We need more details on this Jeff
On these potentially live streamed executions
I mean it's from AP the AP so
They wouldn't lead us astray right?
Um
Let me see
Pentagon says fire
Okay I can AP news
Website screwing me over changing the story
With them okay there we go
The big Anna
Pentagon says
The firing squad execution of Fort Hood Shooter
Will be live streamed
Who is the Fort Hood Shooter?
There's honestly this is a little
You know this isn't really great to say
But there's so many shooters I'm kind of not sure
Which shooter is the Fort Hood Shooter
But this is what he looks like
Oh
The firing squad execution of Fort Hood Shooter
And the Dal Malika San will be live streamed
A stunning revelation about plans for the first military execution
In more than 65 years after Defense Secretary Pete Hexeth has described
It as being public
And he didn't misspeak
This isn't just some big attempt by Pete Hexeth to be like
I meant to say public
I don't know either way I think they're gonna live stream a guy getting
Shot to death by the government
Is there any other way we can read live streamed execution?
Well I'll read it and we'll find out
The army announced this week that the execution would take place at Fort Hood on December 3rd
After Hassan was convicted of killing 13 people and injuring 32 others in a shooting at the military base in 2009
Hexeth speaking to conservative TV outlet Real America's Voice on Wednesday said
We'll make sure that people are able to watch it that it's public
The revelations from Hexeth about the public nature of the execution let alone
One as violent as a firing squad has raised further questions about the death penalty
That is being carried out in the US especially after the botched
I said botched
I botched the lethal injection botched news
And that's not fun that's not fun that I did that
People are saying maybe this is a bad idea
But I'll leave it to
Who's the judge now?
Everybody and no one
Well then I guess there's nothing we can do about it
Well I mean I hope people don't
Can't really probably can't probably stop them from
Live streaming and execution
My hope would be that nobody watches but
People are probably gonna people probably watching unfortunately
Well they might make it hard to catch have you ever seen the government do like a live stream it's often pretty bad
Live and sleazy says I'll watch
I mean not that I like a
I feel terrible if the guy killed
32 19 people 13 people and injured 32 others
But I guess if you wanted to be a real stick in the mud
Okay case you're trying to bore me already if you want to be real stick in the mud
You'd say maybe the role of government in society is to
Elevate human nature past primalistic violent revenge
And that the degradation of celebrating those things pulls down society as a whole
Or we watch it live on this channel
I'm not gonna do that
I thought you were chill now
I know I gotta stay chill by not watching the live streamed executions
Live is he says I need to see the violence this government perpetrates
There's that argument I guess that
Witness
As a
Oh God who was it
Who's the guy made the penguin movie
You can never remember anyone's name and he talks like that now that's not even a good impression of him
Werner Herzog when he went to see WrestleMania
Documentary once he's like you must witness the horrors of our society
But he's talking about watching WrestleMania is like do not close your eyes to this
So I guess that but applied to live streamed executions is my point
There was a point I was attempting to make one but you know
These things can get away from you
Well
Have we been submissed sufficiently glib about this I don't know
Do I need to clarify that I think this is bad
Maybe
Seems pretty bad to me but um
There's a chance they just don't do it
Another thing about this administration and many administrations is
But really this one in particular is they do just sometimes say things however they also often do terrible things so
We'll see this one come December 3rd
Case hates everything yeah sorry I know I'm always so negative about things
I'll try to be more positive the next time there's a live streamed execution
I just you know I'm a little too critical of fan culture and I know there's a lot of fans of live streamed executions in the chat so
I'll try to cheer up
Please do case
A public execution could break folks looking for five minutes of infamy
Oh could breed folks like they're looking to get executed publicly
I guess that's possible
There's quicker ways to get publicly executed than this guy's method but
I mean a lot of those mass shooters what their motivation is on some level I guess
Attention
Yeah it doesn't help there either but uh
I'd say it's a bad idea for more reasons than we could probably
Illuminate on this stream
We're all veterans of live leak
Sure
All of us are veterans in our own way
Okay it's beautiful statement
Um
Mother bear attacks car on road in Japan
Mama
Mama
Oh shit
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
And they back down
Who won?
Who won case
Hmm
Well that's not a question that I can answer
Who won?
It's a multiple choice
Well there were a lot of parties involved there
You know a fight isn't just between the two people
A Resolute Trial thank you so much
Nine beautiful months you've been here with us and uh
If you were a car in the middle of the road and I was a sexy bear
I wouldn't bite you
What? I'm trying to say something nice but
I'm still thinking about the bear attack
Sexy bear
I just think motherhood is beautiful
Who won daddy yank japan four
Is that like the fourth edition of japan?
I don't know
General slit two
Is that the sequel to general slit? I guess
And yank daddy
Damn it's close between japan four and yank daddy so close that it was actually a tie
So the winner of the fight between bear and car was actually
Japan four and yank daddy
That could be a pretty good energy drink
Daddy? Yeah it's actually not the worst name for one
Yeah big win for yank daddy in japan four today
But you know what the real win is?
Don't you dare do this to me case
He's staring me down and I'm not about to kick this guy out of the news
I'm Ben Hooper and this is your yank
God damn it
The Hooper First 2026
A wildlife center in massachusetts is caring for a diamond back
Terrapin born with an unusual feature
Second head that's a little unusual
The keep wildlife center in barn stable said on social media that the two headed turtle was brought to the
Twice as cute
By the mass Audubon Wellfleet Bay Wildlife Sanctuary
The baby terrapin was found at a protected nesting site in Wellfleet
Are they both alive?
The center's last head is from a rare developmental anomaly
Called Vicecetaly
Officials wrote our veterinary team will be closely monitoring the little terrapin as we learn more about
They look like they're both kicking
The center has already seen two similar cases in the past five years
Making this a rare opportunity to study a two headed terrapin
Moving on to a turtle with an extra
The hydras aren't coming back
The hoop god got you there
And ended up blocking traffic on the highway where it was caught on camera
A video posted to the Instagram account only in Florida
Shows the cow appearing to ram into a truck on westbound US 92
At fish hatchery in Polk County
The Polk County Sheriff's Office confirmed the incident on social media
Saying an emergency call came in reporting the loose cow in traffic
Deputies arrived to find the cow had been removed from the road and was back under control
The cow was safely returned to Cattleman's livestock auction
And finally, a deer scene wandering for over a week in New Jersey
With a pole and netting tangled in its antlers has been freed of its burden by conservation officers
The Midland Park Police Department said on social media that the deer was located Tuesday
And tranquilized by conservation officers
Who's this lady?
Were then able to remove the pole and netting from its antlers
The deer had been spotted wandering for over a week in the area prior to being rescued
Local residents had tracked the deer's movements through Midland Park
And kept authorities informed of the ongoing situation
It was unclear just where the pole and netting had come from
For these stories, and more national, international
I could have covered all this faster
And I wouldn't even need intro and outro music to do it
Technically I added intro and outro music to this whole stream
But I don't need it, Case
Is that outro music?
It's just music
It does make me feel like I'm doing something right
Okay, I take it back, music's good
Did Ben yank Jeff's wife or something? He fucking wishes
He could, I bet
Everybody wishes they could yank my wife
Whoa, just saying facts
Honey, you're one of the most yankable ladies on the planet
I mean that in the deeper spiritual sense the hype train was talking about
And a little bit of the other one
What's the deeper spiritual sense again?
Yanking with your spirit
Let's move on
Getting shades of that old case
He's still in there
A Canadian grandma holds a plank for five hours
To break her own record
I said break, the word yank is still on my mind
She's breaking
She's breaking my yank and
But why is a great question?
Let it go lady
You did it
Oh, okay, she's just letting it down, nice and easy
Let's see those abs, are they just spiky mountains?
And she's still laying there to this day
I hope not
Well, she might not be, I might have made that up
Stop making up the news Jeff
It was a pretty good crowd
When you seen someone yank at their finest, plank at their finest
Is planking a form of yanking?
Well, they rhyme so maybe
Maybe
And from hotbots to old gods
What? I don't know, I was trying to transition
World's oldest second, world's oldest
Second oldest men
Exchange cards for shared birthday there on the same day
What the hell was going on that day?
In, I'm assuming two different countries
Okay, yes it is, I was going to be worried if they were in the same hospital
The world's oldest and second oldest men
Gave each other little gifties
Brazilian man, a Hauao Marino
Neto, who turns 114 on Monday
And Australia's Ken Weeks
His name is Weeks and he's lived the most weeks
It really is all in the name
My name is Jeff Ripple, yeah I know
And that's why I'm so ripply
Right
Oh, I thought those were senators for a second?
Well, we didn't read the whole story, they could be
This guy seems pretty hungry though, he's eating his gift
Can we get a Hauao there, a sandwich or something?
I think you can only eat paper now, that's what happens when you get old enough
I forgot about that, if you make it past 100 you only eat paper
Like some type of summon from a video game or something
Is that summoner a video game that only eats paper? I don't know
Some kind of ancient Japanese folklore monster
That's what happens to you when you get past 100
You become an ancient Japanese folklore monster, I'm assuming
Or you look like one, anyway more bear news
Alright, check out this video
A big and bold bear walked onto the Jubilee restaurant's patio in the Poconos
He seemingly waited around for service just before 10 o'clock last night
The restaurant was closed but the pub was open
Customers safely watched the bear in action from there
And after about 15 minutes it walked away
Staff later found the bear inside the restaurant's dumpster
No one was injured
Thankfully, Case, he left the bear necessities
If you pause the video, you can actually see that he's barely making a mess
Honey, I'm bear, okay, what are you doing?
I'm just showing that I can do it too
I'm just as good as the hoop got
This would not have felt like that, Jeff
I'm trying to be more positive, but
We have comments, Case, you've actually been out of town
So you're not paying attention to this type of thing
What with your new blasé attitude
Thank you
Someone should tell Crumb to take off his Halloween mask
He's scaring the children
I'll tell him, I'll tell him
I'll tell him when he goes out for drinks
Oh, I forgot you guys all go out for drinks together
And you, we don't invite you
Well, that makes sense, you know, I'm sort of the boss, so
That's one of the prices you pay for being in management
What the fuck is going on with you?
Shape shifting like always
A lot of requested segments backlogged
Yes
Speaking of bears, what's Puffy Bear up to these days?
He is another sub goal that must be met at some point
I just got to go to Cass's place
And it's a 30 minute drive, 30 whole minutes
You know, you schedule your day and you just never have 30 minutes to go rescue Puffy Bear
You list out the things to do that are important to you
And somehow that never makes the cut
But it's a sub goal and that should be more important to me
So he's chilling, he's waiting
He's yanking, he's yanking on time right now
Ah, one of the deepest forms of yanking
I don't have a deep thought, just happy to be here
Giggle Trash, we're happy to have you
Bears, Beats, Battlestar, Yanklastica
Whoa
Yes
Correct, good job propaganda
Did Kace get eye herpes from all these bear stories?
Maybe
How bad is my eye herpes right now?
Hope it goes away soon
I don't think that's how eye herpes works, Kace
I think it only goes away when you stop fucking people with your eye
That's not how herpes works, Joe
Who's the doctor here?
Neither of us?
Exactly
Instead of streaming for two hours, you stream two hours on phone rescuing Puffy
That is a good idea
Also Fiona and I are working on a project
That you guys should become a bridge dove in the next
We'll say before Halloween
Okay
So, in that project, it might be actually useful to have Puffy Bear
So maybe out of necessity, I will go rescue Puffy Bear
Oh my god, there's more?
How did you not turn those off?
I forget to turn off the segment requests
That's what happens, Jeff
I forget to do it all
Oh my god
Halloween is like six years away
That gives us a lot more time than I thought, that's great
What's Fiona been up to lately?
She works for like a big agency, she's directing stuff still
And I will not divulge the other news about her
Because that's hers to do, I guess, if we're about to
I was about to just fully say everything she told me yesterday
But I'll let her do that eventually if she feels like it
Okay
Checking my home case wasn't on and it's Thursday, yes
My schedule's been all over the place
Okay, I could at least stream for her a little bit before the Patreon
She's getting hitched, also engaged?
No
Well now they know it's not that
Well, if I'm gonna get their hoots up that it's engagement news
Fiona has a new Red Bull Racing show
She was doing stuff with Red Bull, yeah
I haven't kept up with the Red Bull Racing stuff
But very likely
And I think she shares all that on social media, so that stuff I can't talk about
Yeah, we're a little segment heavy
What the hell happened up there?
All of the faces appeared, I don't know
There's even a therapy?
Yank therapy? Yank-a-pee?
I think yank therapy is easier to say
I like yank-a-pee
Yank-a-ra-pee?
Hmm
Okay, we probably have more than one backlogged
Brandon segment
That guy? You got all this to choose from?
And you're going with this one?
He's the most consistently requested, I don't understand why
But he always has 45 games to get through and he takes the longest
So I think in the hopes of maybe getting through all of these tomorrow
We try to work through this Brandon backlog
Can he just play games on his own?
Brand-brand death yanks it
I would argue his whole existence is a yank actually
Is that a good or a bad thing? It depends how you yank
I guess you're my yanking expert without the hype turn around
Hmm
Yo, why are foreheads so thick like a hamburger helper?
Adorable though, keep up the good work
With build
Liren Taville?
I'm assuming you're talking about me
Uh, yes
I think we're talking about you, Jeff
And I actually do a forehead regimen to keep it thick like this
So, I'm assuming you're in as a compliment and that's how I'm taking it
Good job, Jeff
Gotta look on the right side
But on the left right side, it's time to play games with Brandon
Yes, that's right, it's game time
I heard him talking shit like why am I the one that everybody wants to see?
Well, in case you can't tell
It's cause this shit's going on right here on Brandon
I can hear you yanking in dur
Son, yep, it's loud
Mom, I just started
Can you take it easy for one second? Please
Okay, I don't know what I'm supposed to play
I haven't looked into it and I haven't prepared it
So, case could have actually waited before cutting to me
Sort of messed up that he just throws it to me like this every time
Why don't you just give me a second to set up?
I had stuff to do today so I didn't set up yet
But I'm going to do it, so now you guys have to watch me do it, sorry
Let's see what live in sleazy last
Streets of rage, too
They made another one of those, interesting
It's for the genesis, okay
I think that's where X-Men are from
Oh, Granny, why aren't you at the revolution in France?
Do you not care about the future of yanking?
Yank-Lew-Toon-Well-Be-Televised
They're still doing that?
Is Napoleon back?
I thought he did it
Napoleon did the French, right?
He revolted them?
I don't care, I don't like, honestly
I stay out of politics
Except when I am directly sponsored by a politician
Hey, Brandon, stop anking your chode in there
The clapping sounds are distracting me and Pastor Joe
Well, if it's making clapping sounds then it's probably not a chode, is it mom?
Because there's at least enough room between the bass and the tip of my penis to create a fapping noise
If it's enough of a chode you won't hear it at all
Because it'll sound more like
Rubbing
Got her ass
Fuck, okay
Um, what was I using to play Genesis games?
Rick, what? I'm really busy
I'm so fucking busy right now
I have no time for anything
Hey, what?
Sorry I was gone
I was doing improv at the stand up
Gooters, Gooters, Gooters night at the 7-Eleven all-wee
I mean, they do have some of the best up and coming comics at the Gooters improv stand up
I'm confused if it's improv or at stand up because as far as I know
One is like the best thing that like funny guys do and the other bad
So I don't know which is which
Rick, what?
The game suggestion demanded you play as the character blaze because of your views on women
Wait, what are your views on women?
It depends how like what angle I'm looking at them from
I don't know, I try not to look at them because that's how they trick you
Ahem
How do I open, open their streets?
Get these streets open
Please
Please open the streets
Fuck
What?
What is this? Where is this game?
Maybe this will play it
It's just so hard to get games to work
The flapping sounds of your chode is making my ass cheeks flap
And they're alerting the guards
Help, they're after me
Was that a running noise?
Was that the noise your chode makes? I don't understand
But I'm being blamed for whatever's going on with your chode?
Seems like your problem
God, I'm never even going to get to this game today, this is impossible
Okay, it's an MD file
The hell's going to open that
What the hell?
Okay, maybe this one will work
I feel like I haven't talked in like forever
Slurrrrr
There, I feel better
Huh
Um, what?
Excuse me, what?
I actually didn't hear you, I don't know what you said
Alright, Jesus, that was hard as shit as always
And of course my controller is not fucking working
Why does it always do this to me?
One of these days, dude, I'm just going to open one of these games
Just going to fucking play
Oh my god, the whole computer crash?
It just happened
Ugh, please, just fucking work
Okay, awesome
Okay
Yeah, that's fair
Alright, I'm trying, okay, yes, use that
Use that controller, are you working now?
Oh my god, I think it actually worked, I fucking did it, guys
Now I can play 10 minutes of this game, thank god
It's not working already, okay
Perk, are you alright?
Okay, I'm going to play 10 minutes of this game
I'm going to play 10 minutes of this game
Perk, are you alright?
Okay, it's not working right though
Look, the thing is, it isn't working correctly at all
The controller is at least being recognized but is not functional
What?
Yeah?
Um...
Sorry, what? I wasn't listening
What's that?
Can you repeat that? I wasn't listening, sorry
I'm actually quite busy right now
It says define but then there's no option to define it
It's just going to remain undefined
Okay, fine, well we don't want whatever, fucking keyboard
Fuck it, keyboard, wee ball
Real gamers play with their keyboard anyway, it's fine
Press start, I mean I'd love to press start
But like, this shit just straight up...
I gotta play as Blaze
So that I can get a view of a woman or something, somebody said
Okay, yeah, it like doesn't work right at all
So I do have to play with my mouse and keyboard, oh shit
Somehow I did it though
Alright, whatever
Hey Brandon, honey
I know you have your heart set on dooders for dinner
See that shit?
I heard Casey's food taco ria is having taco Thursday tonight
Okay, this is really loud so one second
I love the food taco Tuesday but I love stews
Oh god, what did I just do?
What the hell?
Okay, I slightly broke the universe for a second there but it's back now
Okay
Now it's too low
Fuck!
God I love playing games, okay
Is that fine?
Because it was insanely loud
And changing it requires crashing everything
Fortunately I'm kicking so much ass nobody even cares
I don't know that controls it all, it doesn't matter that's how strong I am
And so far my view of this woman is fine
Like I can see her whole parts
What mom?
I'm like literally trying to empower women or something
See that? You see that?
Oh shit, what was I...
It looked like I was about to do something crazy to him
Oopsie, I did
Okay, I don't approve of vandalism
But sometimes you have to do it to get an apple
Okay, give me this, how do I get this?
How do I get that?
Take that, get it, let's pause
Take that up, use the powers of picking
Pick it up
You want this, you want this
Fuck
I guess I don't need it, but it's sad, I would love to stab people
Oh I got it somehow
Oh okay, I'm just, I'm a killer now, I'm killing people
But look, he's got a freaking, he's got a huge lead pipe
He was coming right for me
Now I have a huge lead pipe
Oh, oh she died
Her sister's back
Okay, what the hell? You see that guy coming in there and just stab me?
It's nuts, oh he did it again
Okay, okay, okay, it's time I'm getting revenge for what he just did to hit me
Pick it up, pick it up
Yes, good work
This game's mostly about stabbing
Are you sure?
Because in this one I'm a woman that loves to stab guys
Which is sort of like, that is honestly probably my type
If I, like I'm not really into dating, but that probably would be my type
Cause I'm kinda sorta twisted like that actually
I'm sorta twisted and dark like that
Also don't get confused, there is no two player, I don't play two player games
So nobody gets excited
Even though it keeps saying, press start, two player
Brick what? You can't be the second player
I mean they keep walking up and punching me
Like, like I laughed about it, that's so fucked up
Like in a real fight it's mostly about staying out of somebody's horizontal plane
And then they're like, they're horizontal slash vertical plane
If you can stay out of it, then you win
Yeah, get tossed dude
There's so many knives everywhere
Yeah, die Jack
Look, I do feel like this game is encouraging violence towards men
But I'm also kinda the one doing it
So it really actually makes you think
It's like making me think
Like maybe it's good to be guys up
Cause it so far looks cool
This is the type of thoughts I'm not afraid to have
Sorry
Honestly it's kind of beautiful that Bricks allowed to talk like that again
Cause of the changes that have been made to our military
Not to, and I don't like talking about politics
I just like talking about specifically that
Ooh, what the hell? I have spin kicks
I can do this
What the?
She screams after she gets knocked out, that's crazy
I'm going, stop telling me what to do
I feel like I'm playing freaking Wolverine over here
I have so many moves and I don't really know how to do any of them
But they are happening, so I guess I do know how to do them
Brandon, always leaving it up to a woman to clean up for you
Just like I have to
I'm advising her mom, I'm literally helping
I'm telling her how to do this
She would not have a fight without my guidance
Uh oh, uh oh
Turns out
She doesn't see gender
Except in the ways that I
Think she should
Ummm
Okay
I can't believe I'm killing Carmen Electra
This is so fucked up
Ah, stop it
Mi-cra
Yes, Wolfman
Mi-ya-wee now
Ya-wee, I say
What's that, Brick?
Brick, what are you trying to say, man?
Oh, she screamed just like me
It's sort of like killing yourself
It's fucked up, that's what violence teaches you
The end of the day, maybe the one you're punching is you
But also it's not you
That's why this game has layers
Pastor Joe, get the whip
I was in a whole fucking turkey
Who's this guy? Why is he so jack?
Barbyn
Barbyn, why are you twice the size of everybody else?
What's up with that, man?
I don't know how to block also
I feel like maybe that's the thing you should know how to do in this game
But I do not know how to do that
Oh fuck, Barbyn's real tough
I feel like the weight class situation here is not entirely fair
Hey, what-what-what is happening in there?
I hear a wool man fighting for her life again
Yeah
You playing on of your postman games again?
Anyway, what do you for dinner, brand-beard?
Oh, what did I just do?
Oh! Ford Ford Punch
Oh, that's pretty good
Barbyn was no match for that move that propaganda just gave me
Now I know, um, she goes like
A turtle?
A turtle?
We made a fortune wearing bear suits going around stealing food and robbing people
My stupid son doesn't know
I didn't even share any of the food with him
What's that, mom?
Did you order food? Is that what I heard?
Tortle
Tortle
Stab
This is the combo, tortle, stab
Oh fuck, I got run over by a car again
God damn it
Cars and motorcycles are so OP in games
Yes
That guy had a horrible death scream
He really wanted to live, but I wouldn't let him
What these guys should do is not stand in front of me when I do this
That's their big mistake
God damn motorcycle punks killed me again
Ah, da fuck
Stop it, motorcycle punks
Yes! Oh, what, their bikes still got me
For the record also, I know there's a lot of talk about me yanking
And I literally just don't do that
I don't have time
I don't believe in yanking and I don't agree with the other things said on this stream
So Brick, whatever you're just saying there
Can you yank that right out of here? Oh my god
Fuck
Tortle
God ass
Whoa, just loose bars of gold
Stop it
Another request for me, I'm already here
Mom, don't belittle me during my own intro
There's a whole rhythm of playing this game
There is?
Am I doing it?
These outfits kinda do slap
What the heck? I gave him like a bear hug
Or like a backward
For some reason I was about to put him in a stunner and then I just didn't
Are you guys okay?
What?
Oh, uh oh
You're no match for my final move
War Tortle
Oh, maybe he is
Your walls are 50% DNA
You can stop with the I don't yank talk
I can hear you rummaging around in there
That's literally me moving my
That's just me moving my wrappers around mom
I have a lot of fast food wrappers
Rio-Curo
Give me this
Oh, I'm out of here
I don't know what they were going for there
They were kinda in the background yanking
Cheering on their guy about yanking and then I said
Stop that
There's no yanking on this bus
Or scientific lab
I'm not really sure where we were supposed to be
War Tortle
War Tortle
No!
My strategy is unbeatable, stop it
I figured out the meta of this game
So important in any game to figure out the meta
Eat that whole turkey
She did
What the hell? The rocketeer
Brandon, you never turn your webcam off
We all know the shame you are bringing to your ancestors
Fast food wrappers
My webcam is on?
I gotta look into that, fuck
This is supposed to be a faceless stream
What the shit? This is so unfair, he can fly
My girl can only kinda fly
Jet, your talents are being wasted for this game
You're a man who can literally fly around
There we go
Fun fact, Skate from Streets of Rage 2
Stars as Hoops Barkley
In Tales of Game Studios presents
Chef Boyardee's Barkley
Shut up and jam
Guidin'
Oh!
This guy's unbeatable
Oop, I got him
Got his ass
Ah, Blaze, you piece of shit
My least favorite American Gladiator
Not my least favorite villain
Oh!
Got his ass
No!
Who do you think you are, man?
I seem to have infinite life
But um...
Let me save
Cause I'm getting word that...
You might not know this
Mom, what?
But that was the model for this game
It paid a hundred bucks and all the mountain dew I could carry
Oh, good times
My mom loves to bring up how she used to be
One of those hard body Hawaiian Tropic models
Like, we're all impressed
Anybody can get their body hard
But can you get your mind right?
It's a question I'm leaving with all of you today
I've been thinking more lately
The fuck?
The fuck is going on?
There's so many things here
That maybe just let them all appear
I gotta send it back to the studio
That's not a thing I like to say, actually
Technically they send it to my house
And then they send it whenever
So they can go do whatever
I'm doing my own thing over here
I've been training my mind to be hard
So...
Good luck with all of your past shit, mom
Nobody cares, now you look like a bag of fucking...
Stuff that's loose
Got her ass
You look like a bag of loose stuff, mom
Take that
Okay, anyway, I gotta go
Bye bye
Fuck in the studio
Justice for Blaze
What the hell?
That little guy just ejected out of here
Got scared of that woman yelling at him
And ejected out of here
Okay
Let's find someone to raid
Yeah, RIP Blaze
You know, of the games we've played on this stream
That one...
A classic
That one holds up
Let's
See who's on
Oh, also before we go, some
Important news from the president that I missed
Oh, it's muted
What a gift to all of you
What a gift
I'm revoking that gift
Let's just check in on the president real quick before we go
It's still muted
How does that make sense?
How is that fair?
There we go, there we go
Don't worry, everyone, you get to hear him
I want to see a tremendous victory
You want to see a tremendous victory
Because it verifies all the things we did
And again, remember, with the word just artificial
It's a little bit high
It's a small price to pay
For keeping the world safe
Keeping our country safe
They can take out a city
Let him take out Los Angeles
Let him take out San Diego
This is a very small price to pay
And it's going to be over the first
It's essentially almost over
And they might keep going a little long
They always say they have a big threshold
For paying, they need it, let me tell you
They need it, but it's going to end very soon
And it'll end one way or the other
And your guests and your gasoline
And all of the things and don't
I want to stop
Never stop talking
For even a second
I can relate to that, actually
Although he does it even more than me
That's unfortunate, I have enjoyed living
But I guess I'm getting taken out
So...
It's been real everybody
But you know, when the chief says it's time to get taken out
You just have to get taken out
And that's on the campaign trail
So I'm assuming that's what the whole country wants to hear
Because he's got his finger on the pulse, of course
So...
Unfortunate, unfortunate that by popular mandate
All of us in LA have to know be taken out
But we can get one more Patreon stream
And we can get one more admin before we do
So enjoy a little Ovali Maytime
Make sure you get a haircut
Nah, I'm growing it back out
I could go with the middle part
Wait, how do I do it?
I'll grow it back out until I can middle part it
Ooh, this is a look
Hey guys
You ready for the Patreon stream?
Have a great rest of your day, I will be back out tomorrow
I gotta remember to turn off segment alerts
And there's a lot of these to get through
So...
That's tomorrow
But we also have to do the news, those are the rules
We can't do our little segments until we do the news
If you are a Patreon member, I will see you over at the discord
If you have the free time to do so
If not, we'll see you tomorrow
Have a great one, everybody say hi to Ovali for me
Bye bye