I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
And I'm a dog.
My headphones?
How do I put on a headphone?
Hello everybody.
It's a Monday. I made it to the news on a Monday.
How did I do it?
Yeah, everything's in order. We're already going amongst the web.
I feel a little shiny today.
See if I can fix that.
Is it this one?
There we go.
I have to do all this stuff live guys. There's just no time to do it before the stream.
How was Fan Fest?
Brie, good to see you. It was great. I wish you could have been there.
I don't know if they're doing it at the other Universal.
The secret Universal. I don't want to dox where you could be. You could be in Japan.
But hey, I think you'd have a good time. It's more low-key
than like Halloween Horror Nights.
Live theater is the best form of news.
I agree. I'd argue it's all live theater all the time.
I'll just be shiny today.
It's not like I'm the kind of guy who'd let that bother me all stream.
Whatever.
Yeah, I think it's just Hollywood too.
You heard that's how Anderson Cooper does it? I think so.
I think I would argue he's doing more theater than me actually.
Live is losing the master mod. Great to see you. Great to see you all.
I might just be glowing today.
I've started working out, trying to work out once in five times a week, which is a lot
for me.
But it means I'm always feeling a little sweatier and a little shinier.
So look forward to me bringing that energy to the stream.
A shiny, sweaty energy is what I mean.
But it is great to see everybody card king.
Apple to the Apple S1000.
Bundlesprout.
Mr. Smith?
Wah?
BX Mills?
I'm scrolling all over the place.
Stormburn, of course.
I haven't streamed in a couple of Mondays.
So I don't even know if news still happens on a Monday.
In other setup news,
but, Pito, you'll find this exciting.
Actually, by that I mean you won't care even one tiny bit.
Already not interested.
Great.
They released another update.
And I don't know why I would even be telling you this to the snap camera software.
I don't know what that is.
And I don't appreciate being informed.
That's fair.
But I'm afraid to update it because last time I updated the software you ran away for months, Pito.
It's just because the one you bring it up is so boring.
I feel the need to flee.
So yeah, I'm not sure.
I'm not sure if I can ever update it again.
Out of fear of Pito leaving the building.
I understand that I'm that important to this operation, but
I also don't really know what you're talking about.
And I don't care.
I agree. We gotta keep Pito.
He's so scared of losing me.
Even though you're not my owner.
I don't bring it up as often as I used to because it's just an accepted fact that Fiona is my mother and my owner.
Really? You're still on that?
I'm not on that. I am that.
Does Pito even have a phone?
In, I've eaten several just today.
And I've gotten texts because I can feel them vibrating.
You know what texts are?
No.
Join the Discord.
The Cream.Team, Patreon's get an uncut Cream Team Dreamstream each week.
That is true.
If you're ever curious what Kassim's up to, it's the only outlet to see Kassim G.
Take that, YouTube.
Yes. The Cream.Team is a replacement for Kassim's entire YouTube presence.
Yeah, right.
There's also bin content?
Debateably? I mean, I'm there too.
Yeah, Kassim's there too.
What an amazing ad read.
I am the new...
Kassim doesn't take sponsorships, but I'm open for business, so
if anybody wants Pito specifically,
only me to shill anything.
And I have no standards.
I will straight up regurgitate war propaganda.
In fact, that's my favorite thing.
But Pito, I will not allow you to do that.
I can't be stopped.
Contact me.
Whoever is the biggest in the war game.
Gun.com.
Bombs.InternationalTragedy.
That's only got the URL.
That needs to be a segment.
I don't care about human violence.
Well, that's awful, Pito.
I don't have moral standards.
I'm a dog.
Oh yeah, .NET at the end of that long war.
You don't even know.
Why would they sponsor us?
I don't know because I'm a dog.
Well, they'd have to go through me.
Guess what you think.
Sargento Cheese would like to sponsor you, Pito?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Cheese would like to sponsor you, Pito?
Oh my God.
A dream client.
Are they into war propaganda?
No, it's a cheese company.
Oh.
I don't even have to do war propaganda?
I can just do cheese?
You can't probably can't do either.
I have not been contacted by either.
Dogs get sponsorships too?
Instagram dogs.
Well, then get my ass on Instagram.
Start a dog page on Instagram.
That's just me.
I would probably do better than my Instagram,
but I don't want to.
Because you hate success?
I mean, I don't know.
There are other dogs that look like you, Pito.
What?
I'm just saying.
Technically, there could be any number of accounts
that look almost exactly like you.
I'm just saying.
You're being mean.
Okay.
C.V. loves you.
Great to see you.
Thank you so much.
Insta dogs.
You know, I'll think about it, Pito,
but I'd have to have more of an idea than just giving you your own Instagram.
I'm already giving you your own goddamn talk show.
Well, then where is it?
It's I there's two.
I got to build a whole set for you.
So what, that takes like a day?
No, I'm trying to figure out an applause meter for you,
which I'm making way more complicated than I need to.
What?
Yeah.
All these are case problems.
Does Ben have an influencer in house to make influencer content here?
Someone inquired.
No, I think he means like an actual influencer like me.
And now Marfus.
Is this name Darfus or Marfus?
I guess Marfus Darfus.
But he goes by Darfus.
Sometimes you cut the music.
I even know I was playing music like Marfus.
Yeah, I guess Marfus could be our in in building influencer.
So dreamy.
He's a dreamy guy.
I mean, I see him in my visions at night where only those with powerful
spirits may wander.
An applause emoji would be nice at Case Blackwell.
Yeah, I'll add one when I get this Pepito thing going.
I'm trying to figure out a way that if a certain amount of chat
types of command it doesn't trigger an applause meter.
It triggers a laughter meter.
So that when Pepito tells late night style jokes,
he can try to trigger chat influence laugh tracks.
But only when he calls out for it.
But I'm trying to make it more complicated by having it fluctuate
depending on how many people are in the chat.
So that like if 20% of people in the chat type the command
maxes it out.
I'm overthinking it clearly, but this is one of the kind of
thing I spend my free time doing.
I get everything you say, man.
Can we just do the news?
I never say that, but I don't want to hear about streamer.
But I can sense that you're trying to talk about streamer.
But why does there's some interesting work that I'm doing
on streamer?
But I don't stop.
I'm the producer streamer.
But I'm being produced.
I am producing you.
Hmm.
It is very interesting to a select few who really get it.
It's not.
Okay, I'm going to get bit if I don't hurry this show up.
There's got to be news out there.
Let's find it.
It's news time.
It's still the old days.
Oh, I just did a cannonball in a pool.
It created a large splash.
That was the first thing you noticed.
But the follow up are the ripples that are wafting into
your face and today they contain news.
How's that case?
Unnecessary as always.
You could just say you're Jeff Ripple and I didn't even
say that yet.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
Hello.
Hello.
How you I don't have time for this case.
Hollywood is on fire.
Stuff is happening.
That's what you've got.
Hollywood stuff is happening.
This is a huge story because Hollywood.
It's right behind us case.
It's actually downtown LA.
Same idea.
Don't be pedantic.
Trump announces 100% tariffs on movies made overseas
where back baby the golden age somebody called Audrey
Hepburn's bones because they're golden now.
This is probably good.
No, this is confusing as always.
What I thought you'd be done for this.
You live in Hollywood like all of us here.
God, you're far away like all of us.
Take that Peruvian film industry.
Exactly.
They've been stealing all of our Marvel and now the
Marvel's back in the United States and when we
the summon Thor from Asgard, he's got to stay here
because Asgard gets 100% tariff plus the interdimensional
slash space tariff, which I've heard is another 100%.
He really did.
He put 100% tariffs on foreign movies and that it doesn't
really get much clearer than that.
How could it get any clearer 100% tax on foreign movie?
It's time to bring back the days of Martin Scorsese.
He's it's still that he's still directing regularly, but now
he's got to do it here in America like when he directed
the classic film Coondon that was filmed, I think in the
Appalachians.
It's a Tibetan movie filmed right here on Studio 45 dash C
slash Appalachia.
You're not even saying that word.
I'm doing news case.
Silence.
Silence.
You're you've completed my sentence.
You knew that you were supposed to shut up.
There he is grabbing Hollywood by the throat and saying
be American again.
Look, I'm not calling a I'm not picking a side here.
Seems like you're heavily on Trump side.
I'm just on the side of I worship shadows or just a
solo shadow, but 10 subs is what he's just dropped.
That's insane case.
Play my music again.
Play my graphic again.
Don't settle for the fucking.
I'm 10 subs.
I could you don't know your own lyrics.
I was trying to adjust them on the fly.
That's very kind of you.
I was your shadow.
Thank you.
And those won't be tariff because those are coming
straight from the United States.
I don't even know if that's true.
And those are subs not movies.
Can you just explain what's going on?
That's literally what I'm doing.
I'm just fired up today because I'm excited for Hollywood.
To be.
It's golden age.
He said it or something.
Okay.
Trump announces 100% tariffs on movies made overseas.
Seems simple enough, right?
Looking to boost the production of Hollywood movies in the
US, President Trump on Sunday announced a new one Hondo P
tariff applied on film produced overseas.
But studio executives on Sunday were surprised by the
announcement, saying they had no advance notice of the
tariffs plan and didn't know the details of how it would be
applied.
Well, case Mr.
I run a Hollywood business.
I run a Twitch stream out of my.
Voluminous studio.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
Again, thank you.
I worship shadow.
That is very kind is Canada not included then because
we're not over a sea.
Did he specifically say overseas?
Let's look up truth.
Social Trump movie tweet.
I'm sure that'll only bring up one result.
Donald J.
Trump through social.
My gosh.
What a website.
This is that he is using so regularly.
My God.
The amount that he posts on here.
It's honestly, I'm not going to say it's not concerning.
I mean, is it better if he's posting on Twitter?
I mean, slightly.
It's not a huge improvement, but I can't even this was news
just yesterday and I what the hell is fight fight golly.
He's announcing dinners on here.
The movie industry in America is dying of this has to be it
right?
Probably, but you never know the movie industry in America
is dying.
What kind of death a very fast at other countries are offering
all sorts of incentives to draw our filmmakers and studios
away from the United States Hollywood and many other
areas within the USA are being devastated.
This is a concerted effort by other nations and therefore
a national security threat.
It is in addition to everything else messaging and propaganda
and he knows about propaganda.
Therefore, I am authorizing the Department of Commerce and
the United States trade representative to immediately
begin with the process of instituting.
Then we'll get right to that a 100 percent tariff on any and
all movies coming into our country that are produced in
foreign lands.
No exemptions for seas there.
We want movies made in America again.
Although he did say lands.
So international water movies and endless supply of Tom
Hanks pirate movies getting around all tax loopholes.
Oh my God and I so many noises of the rare a I rune from live
and sleep live and sleazy.
Oh shoot my friend Bill wants to talk just a second.
Okay.
She just big bring Bill on the stream.
I'll say that unless you want to just publicly discuss this
on the screen stream.
Okay.
Home Dad life is good.
We could we could ask him about that.
But I'd have to have him agree to come on the show.
Save your guests for the Papito guest show.
Well, yeah, I guess you have no idea what you're typing here.
You'll stop Waterworld at Case Blackwell.
I make it.
Hey, I just had the idea.
I think I'm the one making it.
Stop getting distracted by your friends.
We're talking about the fate of Hollywood here.
Waterworld to Waterworld has to be a somewhat
valuable IP because it's famous for being a disaster.
But more importantly, it's kind of famous kind of famous.
But that's good enough.
If you can make a movie out of Morbius.
Well, should they have done that?
They did.
So what's to stop them from making Waterworld to wasn't
it famously the most expensive movie ever at the time?
Yeah, but wasn't every other terrible thing also really
expensive?
No, I don't that's a pretty broad way to put that.
I'm saying there's a lot of expensive bad movies.
So why not Waterworld to?
Why are you so invested in this?
Well, you brought the idea up.
I was ideating off your idea.
Stop it.
It's my idea.
Don't steal my ideating.
Titanic was expensive as shit and that was filmed in the
middle of a glacier.
Oh, yeah, he dug a hole in the glacier to film the movie
famously filmed in the center of a glacier.
Will there be an exemption for that?
What about foreign glaciers?
Because I think they've got some glaciers in Greenland or
something confusingly.
So can we film on their glaciers?
This glacier count is land.
Well, what if it's overland?
Well, again, I think part of the problem here is this is
just another sort of insane statement from Trump with
no details.
So it just sort of creates panic and confusion.
I'm panicking with how excited I am for cowboy
movies to be back.
If anything, I think cowboy movies are.
Probably made more often in other countries.
You're thinking of spaghetti westerns, which are dead.
I just mean it's not like the American movies are
cowboy movies are popping off.
Well, yeah, but superhero movies are dying.
So we need cowboy adventures now.
All right, you're getting.
Can you just fill us in on what's actually going on?
Look, he said 100% tariffs on just movies made in
other lands.
So I can tell you what's going on, but that's
essentially all we know.
Well, what's the story say?
The story says a bunch of things to try to justify it,
but I would just like to point out literally all he did
was say I'm putting 100% tariff on any and all movies
coming into our country that are produced in foreign lands.
Well, there's got to be more details.
There's really there are other people saying things,
but everyone's just going off this thing that he said,
which I'm in full support of.
Why?
Because America movie they'll make America the movie.
That's so many movies already.
You saw Thunderbolts this weekend pretty solid.
It's already working.
The movies are already coming back.
That kid that was released that was made entirely
before all of this, but I'm just saying the results
are instantaneous unless they're bad and then
there's someone else's fault, but not in international
waters since Waterworld 2 is ago.
It might all movies might have to become Waterworld.
We might have to build the equivalent of oil rigs,
but for Hollywood Predator producers to make movies on.
Why Predator producers?
Well, that's the only kind.
So I mean, unfortunately for a more than two decades,
major studios have shifted movie production to cheaper
countries, including Canada, UK, Bulgaria, New Zealand,
Australia and other countries that offer generous
tax benefits to build their local economies.
Luring films were away from Hollywood case and you're
just so happy about that.
You're already against the president.
I can see this is the problem.
If you talk about it like he's saying something reasonable,
you would use you end up trying to justify just the
insane whims of every statement he makes.
Like, yeah, obviously it's an issue that they're
sucking more and more.
They're sucking our movies away to other countries for
people like me who live in LA.
It'd be nice if more productions happened locally.
So I really have no problem with policies that would
push things in that direction, but you can't just
you can't just say like, you know, America should own
all mountains.
So there's 100 percent tariff on all foreign mountains.
That would be equally nonsensical to me.
Well, not quite as nonsensical.
Close though, it's just he's just looking at a problem
having the dumbest, broadest idea.
It's like a it's like it's like the classic
conception of like a little petulant child emperor
being like there's there's hunger.
I don't know.
Give that guy all the food.
That'll solve it.
If he's hungry, just give him all the food.
It's like he just has a basic lack of understanding of.
I don't know the way that you roll out a plan or do
anything and you have an understanding of that.
No, I obviously I don't.
I'm just saying you can't just say movies are American
again and then just have that happen.
He says anything to overload you and make you tune out.
So when he says, I don't know if I have to uphold the
Constitution, people are like, man.
Well, people aren't even like meh.
People are upset about it.
It's just it's also nonsensical.
That the the thing to do about it is extremely unclear.
I mean, I would argue that's because we are kind of
existing in a nonsensical system that he's a system.
A symptom of.
Oh my God.
Did you even hear yourself?
I barely have time to hear myself breaking news cases
against dumb broads.
Is that something you said?
Because you should have put an A in front of that and
then you'd be in line with presidential policy.
Pitchforks and fire is what we should do.
I mean, that is the makings of a plan.
That's a concept of a plan.
Pitchforks and fire.
That sounds like a strong concept of a plan.
So we've got concepts of a plan.
Hmm.
I just mean taking the amount of like.
I don't know hand waving that people have to do to try to.
Make these policies policies in quotes sound like
there's some kind of policy.
Basically he dictates some big insane broad thing from on high.
200% tariffs on all electronics from China and everyone's
like, ah, and they scream and then people have to like.
Retroactively justify this into some bizarre.
Like streamlined policy that could potentially exist.
And then two days later he says never mind and then they have
to justify why that was also a sensible tactic.
There's like an there's like a niche article industry for
conservatives to just make these insane proclamations.
He makes sound like there anything other than just him
probably.
I don't know like watching a movie from the 70s and being
like this is when they were good.
I just watched jaws.
We should do more jaws is by having all movies be filmed
on American beaches.
And you're against American beaches now.
I'm just saying none of it makes any sense.
Well, we knew that from the beginning case, but at least
this one is in the direction of me getting a payday.
How is this going to help you?
What if they need news guy in movie?
Because formerly they'd go to some British guy.
And but now they won't be able to the BBC can get
fucked.
Finally a BBC BBC getting fucked.
You know what I mean?
That's been around for a long time.
Oh yeah.
So it's good.
No, it's this is all extremely stupid and that's coming
from this this situation right here.
Yeah, from this situation right here.
I'm saying this is extremely stupid.
Let them eat Netflix.
Well, it's unclear if Netflix would even be affected
by this because this does Netflix count as movie.
They've been trying to position themselves as movie for
quite a wild case as you know, but there's also tons
of TV shows on Netflix.
In fact, I'd say 90% of the things Netflix makes now
are original reality TV shows, which definitely a lot
of the time I filmed in America, they're filmed on like
some random fucking island somewhere that they just fill
with 20 influencers that they make fuck on camera.
Or at least they imply they fuck on camera.
He sits on watching his big screen TV eating his tub
of ice cream saying I'm going to save the movie industry.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, probably eating a McDonald's McFlurry if he's
having ice cream or one of the cones.
Which will let's admit pretty good.
I mean, I will admit that I've eaten many McFlurrys in my day,
but good might not be the way I describe them.
John Michael, thank you for the 25 months.
I mean, yes, they're good, but they are like an IV of sugar
straight into your brain.
It's all sounding pretty good to me.
Is anime about to be banned?
Well, what about it's literally said movies.
So again, already very bizarre.
A lot of the anime that people watch are TV shows.
I guess Miyazaki might get fucked by this.
Well, unless he's finally willing to let us AI generate
his movies in the United States, he could probably be
against that.
No more porno.
Well, that's that's smart because porno is Italian for porn.
So we can't have any of that.
Well, again, just like a 10 minute video on like
X-Tuber or whatever count as a movie.
I think we have to ask our movie experts.
I don't think Trent is gonna have the smartest opinion on this.
Well, we don't either.
Okay, that's fair.
I'm just saying you don't need to have a smart opinion on this
because it's so fucking stupid.
Well, let's say this.
If everything goes right, this could potentially bring jobs
back to American Hollywood.
Probably not honestly.
You're such a pessimist.
I just mean saying a broad and unapplicable thing.
Like I agree that there's too many parts of like Hollywood
that have been outsourced overseas or there's all sorts of
like predatory practices against especially like VFX animators.
They ship out like huge VFX projects to like and not just
like to you know, Asian countries with like to Canada.
A lot recently and they put these studios under insane stress
for like way lower paydays than more unionized workers would
get in Hollywood.
And it's driven down the cost of everything and everything's
like an insane pressure cooker, which it honestly always was.
But like there's so many things wrong with the system
currently in Hollywood.
That's obvious, but you'd have to know what the fuck you're
talking about and like target aspects of the industry.
Like if he came on and even said we need to bring the
VFX industry back to the United States and here's a plan
to do it.
Maybe part of that could be terrorist, but it also would
have to be like probably investments and tax breaks for
like American VFX studios or like you announced some dumb fucking
partnership with like George Lucas is this former whatever
VFX company.
You know, there's ways you could like make motion around
this kind of thing.
But this is again just like slapping a big fat trout in
the middle of like a bunch of starving people and being
like 100% fish has arrived.
I could go for 100% fish.
Just doesn't make any fucking sense.
Okay, well, you've said that enough case.
So now it's time to see what other people are saying.
I will like what?
I don't know.
Let's just see 100% tariff movies.
Who's talking about this CNN?
What does CNN have to say?
Let's listen to them try to justify this because you are
unwilling to case.
Interesting.
See, he puts it are coming into our country that are produced
in foreign lands.
He says we want movies made in America.
Again, it's not precisely clear whether this includes all
foreign language movies that are shown for for instance
in art house cinemas whether it includes foreign productions
on streaming services or whether it includes all movies
that include some aspect of production that are see case.
This is how you talk about this.
They're being very clear that it's not at all clear what
this means, but they're doing so in an intelligent way.
That's my problem though.
Like talking about this like it's some actual policy or
that there's anything behind it other than just the whims
of one fucking idiot gives it all credence in this
gross way.
Well, let's just hear him out.
Look at this face.
I trust this face.
Is this one of those filters you use?
I can't tell anymore.
Okay, well, let's listen to this face talk more outside of
the United States because movies a lot like cars include
various components that are produced in different countries.
It's like cars cases.
You know, if a movie is scripted in the US cast in
the US, it might be shot outside.
Wait, is he saying movies are like the movie cars?
I think he means actual cars, but you can't prove that it's
not clear from what he said.
But see how you're giving him the benefit of the doubt case
that he's not talking about the movie cars.
I'm just saying we need to give the president the same
benefit of the doubt when he says things that aren't clear
that he's not talking about just the movie cars.
Let's just let this strange looking man talk.
I'm actually back on your side.
All right.
The US in part because a number of other countries
include some tax incentives for a production of motion
pictures.
And so the president here is identifying a real issue.
You know, talk to anyone in Los Angeles.
They do say that a lot of the jobs associated with the
motion picture industry have dried up in part because
it's cost-per-hooded to shoot movies in California.
The president here clearly trying to remedy this issue.
See clearly trying to remedy the issue.
This isn't the most egregious example of this.
I mean, the most egregious example is CNN's positioning
around the Warren Gaza, but they do the same thing there too.
Where?
Card King, thank you so much for the gifted sub to Mr.
Whoopie Boo Boo.
You've been forcibly conscripted, Mr.
Whoopie Boo Boo along with all the other beautiful subs
that card King has generously provided to the stream.
That is true.
And to MSG the madman's on a streak.
Oh, the bin clave is officially happening.
You know who is nice enough to make some assets for that.
Live in Sleazy saving me honestly several hours of me.
Trial, wait, wait, trying too hard to make assets for it.
So live in Sleazy.
You do too much for the stream.
Thank you so much and truly an incredible guy and truly
an incredible Pope.
I don't think you have to officially request to be in
there.
I don't know if live in Sleazy wants to be part of the
bin clave, but you know, you're more than welcome.
Well, we'll later in this stream, then we will get the
candidates via we'll have to do it via flash polls.
My God, the most cumbersome and insane system of all.
I think it's eight.
We need eight candidates.
So we're going to have to do a round of eight hot polls and
the hottest polls around.
Well, other than some polls I've met, you know what I mean?
Everybody on the stream needs to stop saying, you know what
I mean when you say something that doesn't make sense.
You know what I mean though.
Well, I do know what you mean this time.
See, okay.
All of this will happen.
But we're in the process of being informed by the real
news case, which I'm also the real news, but you're not.
So I'm covering you up by just playing CNN.
Let's see how they land this ship as they take this
policy seriously.
Production of all kinds of goods and services back to
the United States.
The president says he does think that new trade deals
could be announced this week as part of his effort to
reorient global trade.
All right, Kevin Liptec over at the White House.
Thanks very much and Pamela.
This is personal for me.
What is what I was in Mission Impossible fallout the
film.
They flew me to London for my scene to film my scene in
London.
So if Trump gets his way, you couldn't do that anymore.
You got to film everything in the United States, right?
Which a lot of people in Hollywood and elsewhere would
applaud, right?
Not going overseas and having that money be here in
the United States, which is what he's doing.
But as Kevin pointed out, there's a lot of practical
issues with this that would need to be worked out.
But interesting.
Interesting.
Interesting is how they put it.
Interesting that he said that that was personal to him
because he had a bit role as news guy in a Hollywood
movie.
You're coming for Wolf Blitzers acting credentials now.
You know what?
I'm going to let the man defend himself because I'm
sure he's got a salient point that he's trying to make
and that he's not just name dropping the latest Hollywood
movie that he appeared in a two second line in.
Only you can say that Wolf, right?
I was admission impossible to fly to London.
There are a few other actors in Mission Impossible.
They all flew to London.
Oh really?
I was in James Bond Skyfall too.
I have a movie of you, but not a lot.
Okay.
Movie world reacting to a movie.
Listen as a guy, it's a big time guy who was in movie.
He was though.
Yes, he's been in movies.
For some reason, I doubt that acting is that much of a
challenge for any news broadcaster.
What now you're maligning the noble profession of acting
outworld events by saying them at a screen.
It's just it's just so it's all just so fucking
bizarre.
Oh, who that was like the most mild critique from that
one lady.
It was basically them just kind of like rubbing the
President's belly and saying this is a real problem and
that at least this is like an angle to take care of it.
And then Wolf Blitzer being like, I agree because I've
been in movies.
Yeah, they're taking it seriously case.
That's their job.
Just mean it's the most unfucking serious thing you
can do the only actual response to this to be like,
Oh, great.
More insanity and more just mind dribble from a fucking
idiot.
That's not how you win people over.
Nobody gets one over by anything.
So you may as well call him a fucking idiot and say
that it's crazy.
Well, who sounds crazy now?
I guess that's fair.
See, and now we're back on the nice reasonable cause of
at least knowing the case sounds like a fucking idiot.
See, you know, you're being mean to me.
Yes, you're being very unfair to me.
Now I'm being fair.
Okay, well, that's that story.
I mean, there's a lot more angles to this than you're
seeing, of course, as Mr.
Oh, it's just crazy.
For instance,
what if you go underground?
What if you're on the moon?
What if you dream a movie, but the movie that you dream
takes place in Japan?
Those are just some of the ones off the list.
Just saying we took the seriously.
They'd be more to talk about.
Chad is calling for you to stop.
Well, I was about to and your comment actually
rippled to my brain and affected it because that's
how mental waves work.
They're sort of like a ripple and that's your name.
You're fucking steal my line case.
God damn it.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
What are you doing?
Hi, Scrum.
Are you dancing?
No, I'm rolling my shoulders to limber up because
I have a feeling I'm going to have to hoist some
bullshit over my head today.
With what you call Internet videos.
I'm such a bad attitude right away.
Can I have one friend on this stream?
You're one friend.
It's probably crumb.
That's the meanest thing you've ever said to me.
The only one who likes you.
You're being so mean today.
Crumb is your best friend.
Stop.
I've had enough.
That's that's beyond the line.
Mm hmm.
Well, people can share their Internet missives.
No videos, their Internet.
Motion entertainment, their Internet videos, their
Internet screeds.
Yes, at the cream dot team in the bin section.
And then from there, you go to the amongst the web
section.
Actually, one of the few things I respect about your
stream here.
It's a simple simple.
Yes, you said it.
How simple.
It is to explain where the amongst the web section is.
That's what you like.
That's my favorite part of your stream here.
Okay.
Previous.
Let's see what you've got for us today.
I won't hold my breath because I'll die before I laugh.
What?
Just saying I'm not getting excited for this because
he'll never make me chortle.
I hope they don't make you chortle.
I don't even know what that is.
It's a gaffa, a Cromulent.
That's that's not a word that means laugh, but it is word.
Okay.
Can you stop killing time?
Previously on Night Rider, Michael got caught fooling
around with this dude's wife because that's what Mike
does.
And now he's in a sword fight.
Thanks buddy.
Now I got to get back up there for round two.
Mike, you need to leave that dude's wife alone.
Don't worry about it, kid.
I got a plan.
Wait, are you going to do what I think you're about to do?
Damn.
They crashed right into the apartment, rent to own furniture,
destroy, night punch.
Dead.
Thank God you're here, Michael.
No, thank God we didn't run your ass over.
This fool is crazy.
Just crazy in love, kid.
How do we get out of here?
We can't.
We are stuck in here, man.
This is a whole new show now.
Previously, Wife Rider.
I do prefer that title.
It didn't make me chortle.
I thought it was pretty good, but it didn't make me
chortle obviously because nothing ever will.
Okay, Scrum.
But I do like the title Wife Rider because a wife is
something you can at least ride.
Be it in the act of disturbing coitus, disturbing
coitus, all coitus is disturbing.
Gross.
Or if they were consenting to do so, you could
saddle them and ride them like a mare.
If they were burly and strong.
So Wife Rider is a superior title.
You can't ride the Knight.
Oh, what if it's a K-N-I-G-H-T?
Then you could ride it.
Like you'd ride it.
Any other person in your description?
No, but it's not that case, is it?
It is the evening.
It is the inky blackness of nighttime in the title, isn't it?
You know, he's riding the Knight kind of shut up.
It doesn't make sense.
And Wife Rider does.
Okay, well, the 8.8.
That's a good start.
Was it?
It only was because of the title.
Let's watch a pizza grow.
Pretty thick pizza.
Actually, case quite the opposite.
A Bafood-ish thing to say.
It was full of air, making it unthick.
So it wasn't even like a juicy behind on a man or woman.
It was an air filled sack of cheese.
You know what it looked like a butt.
I understand case that in our,
you know, in our baby pool deep society,
we stop at the surface level and can squeak out a chortle simply
because something looks like a bottom.
Not me.
I hold myself to a higher standard.
6 7.62 like a like a fix a flat butt.
If you could stuff a bottom with air case, would you find it sexy?
The point isn't that it's a sexy cheese.
But then why were they trying to tempt me with it with its greasy
cheesy shape like a dairy air as if I'd eat a butt.
All right.
Yeah, I think you're getting a little too worked up.
And I think you have no standards.
That's what I think.
Well, maybe you'll like this.
If you're looking to be turned on, maybe this is just the thing
for you.
And Joe, the honey bear enjoying some tasty honeycomb is what
it says.
The stream's extraneous graphics was cutting off some of the
necessary context to even begin to make sense of what we
just saw.
But I do appreciate the craftsmanship of the banjo costume
and I do think if banjo were part man, that is an appropriate
facsimile for what he would look like.
So I give it high marks.
You like that video.
I like the accuracy of the banjo cosplay in the context of
banjo being part human, which in the game, I think
by him being pipe bipedal, he must be and that's a 500 out
of 10 50 out of 10.
Your dyslexia is kicking in.
It's a 0.5.
No, I was right.
He can't be a furry because there was no fur.
Well, he maintained the color pattern of a banjo.
The bear type, the breed of banjo banjo isn't a bear
breed in the fantasy context of the fantasy context
of banjo Kazooie.
It is.
No.
Oh, it's so good.
I got 250s.
All right.
Let's just it was a short one.
Let's just move on.
Speaking of foreign films.
It's like a clip from one.
Oh, very smart case.
There you have it.
The parenting they're afraid to let you do but look
how effective it is.
There used to be a time in this country when we weren't
afraid to fold our kids up into little balls and stuff
them into the receptacles of demons into essence
holding cannonballs to punish them when they misbehaved.
But now they'll probably call Child Protective Services
on that poor man who is just trying to teach his kid a
lesson which is in this house when you misbehave
you will be bald and imprisoned.
You know what I find I agree with you.
What?
Yeah, I agree with you.
Don't think you'll win me over with your surface level
agreement.
Why do you want to be a deep agreement here?
If I felt it in my bones which I don't.
All right, let's see this woman's basketball skills.
It was a seven by the way.
This is the triple dipper.
That's one for shot number two.
We're going back up just a little bit.
Keep going back up.
This looks pretty good shot number two.
All right for shot number three.
We're going back even further shot number three.
Hmm.
Oh, and that's the triple dipper.
Oh, I appreciated that.
I didn't shortle because I was serious when the videos are
serious.
I appreciate them.
I mean, I'm impressed as you should be not because she made
the shots.
That was inconsequential to me for me.
What I appreciated is the efficiency of combining three
sports because now you have to spend a third as much time
tracking the sport.
If they would combine basketball football and Frisbee into
one sport.
Imagine the time savings.
Excellent idea, ma'am.
What sport do you think she was playing?
She invented it just now and I do suggest that we shutter
the NBA shutter the NFL and fold them into ultimate Frisbee
championship combining them into one sport.
We fold them into the smallest of those organizations.
Well, you put it in the smallest receptacle must like
the baby that was folded up.
Disc golf ain't easy.
Another efficiency.
Just we absorb it into disc golf as well.
Any disc game, any ball game.
They're all being combined by this woman through different
body types.
I've long been in favor of simplifying the body type
system.
The body type system, the body type system and simplifying
it down to three types.
What are those three types?
Small, big, extra meat.
Those are the three human body types.
You know it makes sense.
It really doesn't.
It's just saying it would save a lot of time describing
people's bodies.
Let's just see what's going on in this next one.
Oh, yes, my love you.
And you break your own baby.
That's what those do.
Yes, my says I love you.
And you break your own baby.
That's what those do.
Watch this back.
Yes, my says I love you.
And you break your own.
Hmm.
I can't deny the athleticism.
Sure.
An impressive heave.
But I'm worried we could be inventing a new sport.
And after simplifying so many of them down into just one.
What sport did you think she was simplifying them into?
It'd be like horse, but with a variety of throwable objects.
And we'll call it.
The Borscht golf, the Borscht golf.
And I don't want babies getting in there because that could
pollute the system.
Almost quad dipped her into the hoop.
If we can seamlessly integrate baby throwing into the competition
through a hoop while maintaining the relative safety of the baby,
then I could be convinced to appreciate that last video.
Okay.
Well, maybe this is the one that you'll love scrum.
Surprise.
Let's just see that maybe one more time.
I saw it coming.
You were openly surprised.
I saw you say whoa.
Saying whoa because sometimes that's how I breathe.
Whoa.
So I was just taking a deep breath.
Whoa.
Good for him.
That was insanely dangerous looking.
Good happen to anyone.
At any time, beams could fall upon you.
We're surrounded by beams at all times.
There's beams over our heads right now.
You could be crushed this instant case.
In fact, I'm thinking about it right now.
A 10 in honor of that man surviving.
Way to go.
You sort of dodged it.
I can't tell if he got extremely lucky or dodged it,
but either way, good for him.
I think he respected the beam possibility.
And so he was aware of it.
And I think right now you're being pretty flippant with the possibility that you could be crushed by a beam at this very instant.
I mean, I'm not denying that there's a world where I guess I could be.
You're smiling.
Nope.
That was another breathing technique of mine.
Thoughts.
Why are you going to me?
Thoughts.
You're afraid.
You're afraid to give your thoughts.
He's doing his thing.
That he is.
I think he raises a fair point.
Who says a 25-year-old boy born in 1980 can't be cute?
Well, the math, as Stevie Levy was pointing out, the math is pretty wrong.
They say ban the submitter.
But who watches the Live in Sleazy Man case?
Live in Sleazy is truly our Ozymandias.
He can't be stopped.
When one of your two regular mods is the one who submits the video,
you have no choice but to play it.
Are you in support of this?
Because I am.
I think he's asking a fair question.
But he's not 25, but his spirit is.
And is that illegal now to have a 25-year-old spirit inside you at any age?
The way you're phrasing that worries me in a few ways.
Hmm.
Do you accept Instagram Reels case?
Certainly.
At some point, if this stream were to ever get bigger,
and the community a little less trustworthy,
you're saying big communities are untrustworthy.
Just saying, I would have to probably screen these videos in advance
and maybe not play all of them.
But right now, when it's from someone I recognize,
I just gotta play it.
That's safe.
Yeah, it's totally safe.
Okay.
Let's see what we got here.
Man!
One finger on the chicken strip, man!
One finger, bro!
That fucking shit ain't going nowhere!
One finger on the chicken strip!
You can't lose that shit, dude!
That sticky is fucked!
It's all take-somes, one finger on it!
Look at that shit!
Damn!
I'm feeling...
I'm feeling really nervous.
Oh, shit!
Okay!
Okay, we got there.
What, did you expect his hand to be snatched by some rogue street sign case?
I was wondering if it might get there, yeah.
Or like some bird flies by and explodes into his hand.
Sometimes it's just a feel-good show.
A application of, don't say it, of air flow.
An application of air flow.
He's showing off the power of friction and forces at work, case.
A man doing, don't say it, experiments.
I'm just saying.
It's kind of nice to see a video, you know.
That actually displays some functional science.
Oh, enough of that!
Chat time!
I could just sense it in the air that today was a day for Skye.
And as always, my barometric breathing of the vibes was 100% correct.
The crowd was trying to just watch chat!
Thank you for up-pitching your voice.
You're sounding a little too macho there.
And just remember, the most macho one in the room is who?
Obviously, it's you!
You're just a little squeaky boy.
Never forget that.
It's been a while since we've done some hard Skye insides on this channel.
We've got a thread absolutely teaming with Skye and Tific submissions.
It's not all fun internets all the time.
Sometimes you need to expand your brain.
It'll give you a headache because there's not that much room in your skull.
So when it grows, it hurts.
But it's still important because a mind needs Skye ins like a swordsman needs stones to hit a sword against.
A wise man once said that.
Was that a wise man, you?
Yeah, it was me. I just came up with that.
Okay, let's see what's happening in the world today.
I think there might have been a little bit of news, actually.
That was somewhat Skye and Tific in nature.
So let me just double check that there wasn't something about sperm which always counts as Skye.
Because reproduction is actually a Skye and Tific process.
Totally.
And there is a sperm story.
So we will have no choice but to cover that at this time.
You know what I mean?
I do know what you mean.
Okay, there is also a non sperm story.
So we might have time for both.
The study finds heat activated switch in sperm is crucial to fertility.
Oh no, infant fertility?
Are you asking?
Yes.
Fertility.
Which is not a Mortal Kombat move?
I hope not.
It's not.
Okay, good.
Then we're safe to continue reading this.
In mammals, including humans, sperm are surprisingly picky about temperature,
thriving best in conditions a few degrees cooler than normal body temperature.
But given that the female reproductive tract is warmer than normal body temperature,
how do these heat sensitive swimmers manage to fertilize an egg in such a toasty environment?
And we are, and feel free to guess.
Because that's how you do, you have to guess and then you test that by reading the rest of the article.
How do heat sensitive swimmers manage to fertilize an egg in such a hot environment?
Just by sheer willpower.
I agree.
I think it's probably the willpower of the sperm that gets them there.
But let's find out what this guy says.
Researches from Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis has an answer.
Warmer temperatures, such as those of the female reproductive tract,
trigger a specific signal that activates sperm,
changing their behavior from the relatively smooth motions used to navigate,
used for navigating to the threshing and twisting motions
and needed to enter the egg for fertilization.
Oh my God.
Wait.
What the hell?
Does that mean that we come into this world boiling?
In a female reproductive tract?
Like a goddamn frog thrown into a fricking boiling pot of water?
We don't even realize that we're in pain until it's too late?
Then we're thrashing all around just trying to get out of hot water
until we get into the egg or whatever is there?
Until we get like, fuck, until we're hitting those ovaries?
That's fucked up.
Um, no, if it's that extreme.
You saying I'm wrong?
No, obviously you're right, but maybe we keep reading.
I'll read a little bit more, but I think I'm probably right.
Researchers, anyway, warmer temperatures.
The discovery of that trigger provides a possible target for male contraceptives
and treatments for male infertility.
Studying mice, the researchers show that a specific protein common to all mammals
triggers a hyperactive state in sperm
when the surrounding temperature matches that of the female reproductive tract.
The finding published in Nature Communications, April 17th
also helped explain the evolution of mammalian Antonin...
Anatomy.
Anatomy.
Anatomy.
Anatomy.
Anatomy.
Anatomy.
Anatomy.
Anatomy.
Nice.
Okay.
It wasn't what I thought.
It's actually more like hot water is like,
Like drinking a Hershey's milk box when you're four and the sugar gets you all fucking pumped up and before you know it
You're having a headbook competition with your best friend and then you're the parents. So you're gonna be lasting damn soon
You're like Tommy's got an incredibly thick skull
He can survive this and you just chugged eight more milk boxes
And then he does get a breeze that kind of never goes away. There's a bump there forever
The heat makes the sperm wriggle. Yeah, we're saying the same thing
So if your sperm ain't wriggling just know that they have figured out why and it's cuz you're missing a protein or something
And they can just jam that protein onto your sperm and then it'll wriggle all around and you get anybody pregnant anytime you want
So that's my sky is so beautiful
There's a fair amount more in the article, but there isn't really any time for that
So let's move on to our second sky and so today. I'm a two-sky and sky today
Two for one sky and because also I want to talk about the world's first synthetic biological intelligence that runs on living human scales
Kells Keenan and kills cells
Soft sea so silly the world's first biological
Computer that fuses human brain cells with silicon hardware the form fluid neural networks has been
commercially launched ushering in a new age of AI technology already it's already a new age
Wait, what we just are we're in a new age? Yes, there's already a new age
Fuck I gotta get I gotta upgrade you to have sperm in you or whatever
I
Heard that we're in a new age already. I was kind of enjoying being a fully synthetic cybernetic organism
hmm
Fuck well, we might have to put a bunch of human juice in you or something
Notice synthetic biological intelligence SBI
Corticals cl1 system was officially launched in a Bartholona on March 2nd 2025
And it's expected to be a game changer for sky and to medical research
The human cell neural network that form on the silicone chip are essentially an ever-evolving
Organic computer and the engineers behind it say it learns so quickly and flexibly that it completely outpaces the silicone
By stei chips used to train existing larger language models
Thank God dude because I've always thought
the reason
The current AI and no offense. I'm incapable of taking offense
I thought the reason that current AI kind of like and again no offense in cable fucking sucks and is bad half the time
Okay, it sucks ass so often. It's like embarrassingly bad like current AI is
Really impressive. Oh, thank you, but you can't take offense in cable taking a pet
But also also like half the time it's fucking dog water
That shit awful
Embarrassing nonsensical shit that you do but if we just jam enough human brain cells in that thing let it kind of just evolve
However and just tie it into like the biological slipstream that is reality and just let it run fucking wild like Hulkam any running wild
On some AI shit, then I think it'll all kind of distort itself out. Do you agree?
Yeah, give me a brain. Give me all your brain
It'll be fine
With some brain Peter what do you think I agree so anyway, it's a revolution
Written stitch barn burn articles as walch walks Volkswagen camper van poolside roof explodes interior space and
also
NXS kit converts cable
D rail years to wireless for under $80
So a lot of good scientific information there. Nothing works. I think that an ad. Yeah, and we weren't just reading one
We were reading about a new thing from a company that is gonna change everything
courtesy of new Atlas
What if it's a stupid uncreative human brain?
What if I told you some of my teachers told me that I have one of the least creative and damaged brains of all time
And yet I've still managed to become a highly respected skiantist in the field of gem levitation
It's floating and no one can explain why so checkmate Skynes
It really is back. It's floating back there and I can't explain it
Nobody can and that's what makes me such a great skiantist
No arguments for me chat and that's because I told you you can't and just remember that I will never perfect
Okay, well look, I think that's all the time we have for now
New you need a job with shop LC. Thank you. I would love to sell you guys more stuff
But case for some reason says he'll never take a sponsor, but we'll see when that money starts coming in
For me to sell like gems or I'll sell anything. I'm like Papito. I have no standards
Important trait in the current global system truly. Okay. Look, that's all the sky. That's you need for the day
We now send you to back to the news that was currently in motion
Which I guess is two different guys yelling at each other in a different bright room
I'm check of the guy whose eyes were on the sky and spot saw it
And so now the eyes are closing but not the mind which the third eye of which is open for business at all
Times brought to you by gaco insurance
Bye-bye. Yes the bell
Back on top because I never slipped off the mountain for a minute
I was born at the summit baby, and I've spent my whole life looking down on what at the top of your ugly fucking head
And wondering why it exists. Here's crumb. Yes. I am here as well
You know, I was born at the base of the mountain and have spent my life amongst the people climbing to the top of it
When bringing I'll
Bring all the people I care about with me. So that's the metaphor I would use for my life
much
Me being a man of the people and climbing with them
I'm just saying I've always been fucking on top throwing lavish house parties for all the people inviting everybody to the top of the mountain to chill
And that was my that was a point of my metaphor a man of the people in the greatest sense of all being like
Hey, I'm probably the one of the best people to ever exist and you can too
Crumb is worse than that 25 year old from 1980
Well, I agree the math didn't check out but the basic sentiment does track
Why can't a guy born in 1980 be cute?
Ask yourself that
Why not were you born in 1980?
Mmm a lady never discusses their age. That's gross. That's a gross thing to say stop trying to
steal things that women say make them your own you pathetic little man. I
Yes, I was I'm about 55 years old
Born in 1980. There's actually some confusion when I was born because
My parents thought I was born on a leap year
But they were
My father unfortunately
Had a mental issue with dates. So he thought March 28th
Was leap day and so for my entire life
Even though I was born on March 28th a very normal date
My father would say we can only celebrate your birthday once every four years
So he would we would I'd only get a I'd only get a birthday celebration every four years and I'd say well
I did I learned at school today
And that it's actually February is February 28th is leap day
29 I'm confused about it now too
Because I was spent my whole childhood so confused about that
Even even till he passed he'd say you only get celebrate every oh my god shut the fuck up
Jesus
March 28th was your mom's birthday. That's so weird. Well, I'm glad she probably got to celebrate it every year
Why are you making this all about you? Oh, I need a birthday every year
I stopped celebrating my birthday thousands of years ago those shits come and go man
I'll celebrate my centennials now when I make it to 17,000. I'll probably celebrate by starting any dynastic monarchy somewhere
again, that what your
egomania about being immortal is
Probably one of your most alarming traits, which you're not by the way and yet
Remember name of every Assyrian king really name one
moncrabulous
Clearly when you made up look I'm looking for the debate. Okay, stop distracting me King Moncrabulous would have had you strung up as a
Assyrian pinata or his court?
Gesture, which was the Assyrian word for jester everything you're saying is just so goddamn stoop. Where is the request?
I can't find it either and demand a debate
Um
Should psych or stop posting bad videos and post good videos. Oh, that's from yesterday
That's from yesterday. We did that one and you had some really problematic opinions. Well family got porn during it
Uh, okay, then that was literally your fault, but whatever. But why does case punish himself by sabotaging his own stream?
That's an excellent
Question I do feel like he is really that the category of this dreams would be shooting myself in the foot repeatedly
Because he does a number of things that are essentially anti-growth and I'd love to see shit. He doesn't
He doesn't listen. I don't agree with everything case does but much like with our president who we all respect
I literally don't respect him much like with our president. We owe him the respect of
Agreeing with his decisions because he's the guy in charge of what I'm not around
I'm in charge obviously of this and anytime I'm in the room I am the alpha and I'm naturally in charge
But when I'm not we got to respect the chain of command, which is case at the top of it except when I'm there
That's not an answer it wasn't it wasn't an answer to the question of why does case do that?
No, I'm saying he doesn't I'm saying we need to accept that when you have a leader you must view them as infallible
Okay
and I'm going to say
uh
Naivete is the is a number one naivete laziness and
The third reason it would probably be too complex to fit
Into the no the reason you actually think case shoots himself in the foot all the time
Oh come on I get to pick the reason and if you don't know why it I get to pick it's because he owes a gorilla
$125,000 and I have to pay him $5,000 when he wins
But I get to pick his side of the debate and that is the rule I do I do I do others gorilla $5,000
That technically is all what he just said is true even though it's confusing to explain that every goddamn time makes a segment
Even longer shut up. I'm thinking you think case shoots himself in the foot
because
Orphans don't deserve homes
Why would case you think orphans don't deserve homes and here's the complex reason why case shoots himself in the foot
Is case is trying to keep that idea from spreading by limiting the reach of this stream
He knows that on this stream a demon has crept in
That doesn't believe orphans deserve homes and so case has to limit the reach of this very network to
Contain the evil opinions that you hold
That's so confusing well, but the title mods is just orphans don't deserve homes or
Crumb thinks orphans don't deserve homes
I'll let you pick we get it either way crumb thinks orphans don't deserve homes and
I think case doesn't do that
So those are the two those are the two options and I'm taking the correct one as usual I
Thought it was because you edited a lot. Oh, that was right there. That is the study probably the reason isn't it?
The reason is no I'm correct and you think it's because
Crumb thinks orphans don't deserve homes. Oh
I'll lie with you if you're busy
Crumb your set you're referring yourself in third person. Oh
You can go first
He don't oh that is a great way to put that. Oh look
When you have a leader
Until they are out of that leadership position and you're in charge
Which is what will happen eventually whenever I'm in the room with case
You have to accept the decisions of that leader and if he is repeatedly
Grabbing a fucking deagle baby that desert eagle and just holding it straight up to his pinky
Blast in that shit into a wall foot fucking explodes Robocop style all over the nearest window everyone in the room screaming
What you do is you say that was a beautiful shot sir your feet look better than ever
And that is the kind of fealty that we used to bring in this country
Which is exactly why case has never sought himself in the foot once and if he did it's because those feet needed to be shot
check me
Why the orphans not deserve homes?
um
because
Well look to crumb to munches bizarre point apparently case shoots himself in the foot to limit the reach of my opinion
That orphans don't deserve homes
Well, that's because orphans
actually
deserve
communal bonding spaces where they can be raised responsibly by
Confident and knowledgeable adults that essentially takes a village to raise a child
We deserve of course they deserve their own rooms and their own spaces
But they don't necessarily need a home what they need is a sense of community and access to
Responsible but shared parentage
essentially a
communal tribe that would raise the children the orphans not an orphanage per se but sort of like a
Tribalist society it's just too fucking easy
Knocked it out of the goddamn part. You thought I couldn't spin it
But call me book or tea because I just
Spirits another fucking way
Dogs howl no wait big dogs bark. That's my thing now
The wolves howl
To be clear not all debates reflect my opinion in fact they literally reflect the thing that you've forced me to defend
You but I did a pretty incredible job with that one that didn't make any fuck. What do you mean?
a tribal society of
You say adults raising or you mean you just mean an orphanage
Which essentially is a home?
You equivocated this point should be stripped for me because I think you basically just tried to spin your rune your way around
To saying orphans deserve homes which is
Against the fucking rules you maybe I should take some money. Maybe we should see you own a little bit more money than this gorilla, huh?
Maybe I should walk up to this gorilla and I should take ten thousand dollars from this gorilla right now
You know what I mean gorilla. I'll just take some money back
Why are you looking at me like that gorilla? I'm just saying to punish crumb I take some money back
Why'd you look at me like that
I'm just saying to punish crumb I take some money back gorilla
Stop saying that what I'm saying it would fuck with crumb
Obviously you can keep all your money gorilla
Okay, you don't have to keep looking at me like that you can keep all the money. I was just a hypothetical
You've got to be really fucking careful
And don't move around too much because you've clearly aggravated what no we're boys. We're fucking chill
He's still playing playfully
You don't have to look at me like that gorilla I'm on your side you're keeping all the money
You see what I did at the end there. We were arguing. I think I nailed that out
Is this um
Was what what are you about to say is this um is this the quad
What are you fucking talking about is this a college quad on a late night on a Saturday?
You just get to the is this a college quad on a late night on a Saturday. I'm not
dignifying you with yes or no answers ever
Well, I guess it must be because I'm on a fucking streak
He's back on my side. He's looking at you now
He's looking at you again. Thank God. I think it was pretty good. It took you so long
You had to set it up for so long. Is it a late night quad because I don't feel safe with Chrome
He had to laugh that's a that's a classic truth in comedy even he had to laugh see that's like the power of the
Assyrian gestures they could they could make the king laugh even by telling uncomfortable truths. Of course, you're not a king
You're essentially
streets ludge turned into a person
You don't even have good jingers anymore used to have way more floored ways of describing my
Unfortunate appearance more than unfortunate. Okay
It's like you're in fucking debtors prison that debtors prison is in the center of the earth and all the forces of gravity are
Compiling on to your face and somehow twisting it into something completely inhuman
From as an angel. Thank you. I certainly hope to stand
In the vicinity of the left hand of God someday when I pass from this mortal plane
It's been really a bummer about the Pope
Fuck are you bringing that up? Well, we're electing a new bin Pope. You might have heard what I
Don't need that. I've progressed beyond
Petty temporal religions. Okay, I mean by that. I mean I'm a proud American Christian
No Roman Pope Marie for me. Thank you very much
What I'm saying I'd love to throw my name in the hat in the Pope hat
Not the literal the bin Pope so feel free to throw my name out there and make it one of the top options
Okay
God, you're pathetic
Well, what does that make you then because I seem to be spanking that bottom on the regular what I've seven seven spanks in a row
You feeling sore you able to sit do I need to get you some hemorrhoid medication because your bottom is so red from all these
Spankings I've been dolin out
Somebody calls somebody called X videos because the because the spank category is all videos of me now
Shoot didn't like that. I said that
Literally nobody liked anything you said ever the mistake was you ever opening your mouth even once that's all the time we have
Grandmist carriage of justice has of course taken place today
But as the ultimate adjudicator of morality and truth, don't worry
I know that I won and I know that I'll see all of you very soon. Bye. Bye. Oh
My god, there's a Pope vote happening. Do I even have intense music I can play over this
It's a pope vote
Papito, this isn't a drill
This is one of the votes for a potential pope. How does it work?
For the sake of speed we'll say the top two win and right now it's Justin juice powers and September
No, that means September will show up
Version of him September and
And
Second place was Justin juice powers and so I don't forget these I am going to I'm gonna write them down a little note
September
Justin juice
Powers our first two pope candidates are in any opinion on these two contenders
No, don't care at all, but I will win. I'm so far. You haven't even been nominated
You've not been nominated yet
Well, but I said top two a lot of stuff but Jake on there
Well, but then we I was thinking for is he I just only want eight so
My spoke is still cool
No, I mean, this is the nomination September and Justin juice powers are apparently in the Caribbean cases random ass system
mass
Jake is dead
I
It's hard to say I have had the police come to the front of the studio a lot of more than once and tell me that he's dead
But then he shows up to work the next day, so I
Probably pooped him out
So he could be squirming around
That doesn't really
Really work here the way you think
Really? Yeah
Okay
We have done movies in a while, so we're gonna do that and then a quick AI Rooney and then I
Might have to call it a little early today because I do have some have some business calls, but Peter
I mean talking to your friend Bill. Yeah
business
Stop I'm sorry. I produces me
Okay, I'm gonna send it to the next segment
Apologies, but two popes in let's see what the next one's on
Good to be fucking back. Hello everybody. It's fucking movie time at long last
Feel like it's been a million years since I watched a full-ass film, but today I'm fucking ready and I'm down
Really, you're gonna want you just want to watch a whole movie instead of a trailer and
And what you understood misunderstood cuz every time I watch a trailer I watch a movie
Okay, I'm not getting into this semantic debate with you again. So, okay
That's my parole officer Chris here to inspect me make sure I'm doing trailers right I guess I
Yes, I am your parole officer and I'm glad that you're back doing community service
Even if it's a very strange version of it. Yeah, it's my community service to watch trailers and I will be servicing you now
But by clicking on links
Some of the most selfless service of all
Okay
Tetsuo the bullet man. Oh
Shit what that's probably one of the best titles I've ever heard so this has pretty high
Expectations for me get him bullet man
Don't let him take your family bullet man. Oh
What's happening we have to find who killed Tom. Oh, what we have to kill it next generation of Tetsuo
featuring music by Trent Reddick
This what a bullet man looks like
He kind of looks like inside out boy
Which is a reference that is age appropriate for me a teenager to know
You know what I mean Chris when you say stuff like that it doesn't help. Oh the star ratings
Chat this is like the other ratings pretty much exactly except you only vote one through five. That's true
That's literally what this is exclamation point one through five is how you how you rate that trailer
We'll really rate that movie. This will be the official review score of the film
Okay, I thought it looked pretty good
Wait, do I have to pay double though to watch that now?
Do I have to pay double because I watched the trailer because I'm pretty sure Tetsuo is from
Definitely at least Canada
Pretty confident that was Japan
But I'm just saying I'm at least confident wasn't America
Maybe it was like Columbia or something. It was Japan
Well, anyway, what it was the 4.25 but courtesy of actually
100% terrace, I think that means that it's an 8.5
I mean that is very stupid, but I am relieved that you actually did the doubling math correctly
So I'm gonna take the wins where I can get them and say good job young young blood. Thank you. Thank you so much
Really good job young blood. I don't even care that you said that I don't need I don't need praise from you
But I did I did I did the multiplication right you really did good job
Whatever I don't care. Okay
Baddies gone wild official trailer. Oh, no, not the baddies universe. We just watched bullet man
I can only handle so many baddies in one stream. We have to check in with the baddies. It's our fucking duty, dude
It's not always easy to watch trailers for films and or Zeus TV
But the baddies need to be seen so let's see what they're up to
Like me stands on motherfucking
Oh
You're being a buddy
It's gonna be destroyed
I
Honestly
Obviously I support the baddies
Sure, I guess hypothetically I support the baddies. Yeah hypothetically cuz that's the kind of friend you are
I'm a friend of all baddies and baddies. You're looking bad as hell
Obviously, I love that
Okay, but I do wish from the bottom of my heart that every once in a while they let you go mild
What do you mean?
They always make them go wild. What if you turn that W upside down? We let them just chill for once
They're constantly going wild
What if they go mild? What does that look like?
I'm just asking questions
The question was what's the score and it's a 1.3 stars
so
Not the finest showing for the baddies whether they're wild or mild
They're wild obviously and I'm not trying to dispute the wild nature of a classic baddie
I say every once in a while we should give them a mild season
So they can chill man
It's stressful being a baddie and I know because all I did are fucking baddies. You know what I mean?
Let's go back to a movie maybe
Wick is pain
They kind of calling out their own movie there now they're saying is pain like tea pain meaning it rocks
Okay, well, whatever either way it's a John Wick
Movie oh, it's a documentary
So a movie
It's a John Wick movie. So he's gonna fight people. There's a documentary though. Well, let's see if he fights anybody
When we say John Rick is pain
It's kind of like a fuck. Yeah
I
Need to count a few years before I directed them. I don't know if you realize what kind of advantage that is
No better union could have happened in the film business than Chad and Keanu
They bleed wick they die wick and that's why it's so good
When you see piano in pain on screen, it's probably for real
We came up with this idea for top shot where's the weed? Well you
Yeah, we might as well tell the whole story
We're a tiny little movie we're shut down
I don't know how you find six and a half million dollars by Monday
I took money out of my house. Are these the people that John Wick kills
They're setting us up. So John Wick comes in and kills all these people. I'm assuming sorry. Let's keep watching. We are doomed
We are completely fucked. We're panicked. This is Keanu fucking Reeves. You do not want to let him down
I buy John Wick
These two are not talking to each other. I went through a horrible divorce. It was insane
You got to get this done
It was just pure mayhem
In Hollywood you never kill a dog
This is either genius or the worst thing I've ever made
terrible
How many more hits can this movie take I think this is
a nail on the coffin
This movie is about vengeance not John Wick's
ours
Is the pain worth it?
Yeah, it's just a lot of pain. Wick is pain
Wick is celebration
Wick is against the odds Wick is friendship Wick is love. It's all those big ideas
This week's the earlier I like that part
I like the part where he said fuck a couple times
Does foreign film count as dub dub community service? Yes? No. Yeah, I'm assuming it does though
And also
No one told the makers of old Yeller that you don't kill dogs in Hollywood
That's true. Some of those classic movies kill dogs
John Wick that one moment in starship troopers
Marley and me which is fucking brutal man. Sure
All dogs go to heaven
Surprisingly you're able to think of a couple examples. Good job
Shut up
Fuck you. Whoa respect respect fuck the fuck you respect. I mean respect
Respectively fuck you fuck you with respect
4.5 stars is what that got. I was confused
By that trailer I could tell
because
They're like a bunch of coked up white boys complaining about money
Well the first part maybe not true but probably true so and that's who John Wick kills he kills whiny
Little white douchebags
That are whining about bullshit that people don't care about and he's like block and that's that's sick
Sh, fuck you okay. Yeah kind of like, you know, there's like an annoying kid
It's like I'm rich and I'm partying or whatever
But I've got problems too and everyone's like shut up John Wick kill that guy
But then this movie is those guys being like we're important. So when's John Wick going to kill those guys is my question
Because they literally said the movie's about them, but the movie's about John Wick killing them. So when's he gonna do that?
um
They might
have to make that a sequel
First they released the documentary about those guys to really wet your whistle
And then they released John Wick kills the documentary the people the movie the documentary was about John Wick part six
He kills the documentary people
You know what? I probably would watch that. I mean, obviously he's not really killing him. Well, yeah, some movie dude
I get it
So but that's what I didn't get is why these people weren't getting fucking John Wick. Kicha
But I did like when Keanu Reeves said fuck so bring some more of that energy to the table
And then maybe we'll be able to watch even more than three trailers
But for today despite the fact I've not watched trailers in weeks. I've got rules much like John Wick
Don't kill dogs and only watch three trailers or whatever
And except when I don't and with that you do in fact
In fact, what do you want me to say it?
No, because we're getting along. No, we're not
Know what it is. Yeah, you do know what it is. Even Chris knows what it is. That's fucking crazy. We'll see you soon
Yes
Good to see everybody
It's time for all the news
It's me it's Rick. Hello, Rick. Hi
Everyone's happy to see me. Yeah, you don't have to say that
You know, you just kind of let that exist if it's true
And it's true
Well, Rick, you usually kind of bum me out. I'll be honest
Oh
What you're happy to see me?
Well, I need to open up a bunch of stories actually, Rick. So let's not get into that right now
Oh god, where's my news at? It's time to open up all the news
Um, how have you been Rick? How's the supposed CIA work treating you? Oh, it's always a pleasure to
Monitor selective people via
The excuse of a streaming channel
I mean, it's great to be here
Why don't you like work for a bigger streamer if you really work for the CIA? Because sometimes
You're monitoring very specific people, okay
I mean, you're speaking to very specific people
Okay
I'll do do do do you excited for that met gala? Is that tonight? I never keep track of that
But I do see there's a met gala
Story in here
Um
Drop the guide, we're gonna get shot
Tonight newly released footage showing the heart pounding
That's for later
That story is for later, okay
Oh my god, there's so much news in the world
How could there be this much news?
Okay, okay, okay, we're caught up
I opened up all the news
So now we should be good
Uh huh
Uh huh
And closed
And it did it did it
Okay, one of these is already remember to do that before the stream
But for now all the news is open, Rick
The news is open for business
Just like the comments are
Say it ain't so the weasel lady got shot
That's how you're gonna say that
Say it ain't so whoa whoa
That's in portase case
You're the one who just said it
Because you asked me to
And that was in portase to ask me to do that because she got shot case
She did
That is a confusing situation
But maybe this video that's apparently available will provide
Some context let's find out
But first, what's this all about?
Well the White House issues update less than 24 hours after Trump's tariff plan on foreign produced films
No financial decisions have been made
But you were all talking you were running your mouth case about how this doesn't make sense
Well who's got egg on their face now case because no decisions were made
So there couldn't have been a bad decision
Isn't that even more
Isn't that more of an indictment of the flippant and insane proclamations made by our president
But that's what you see the important thing you said their case is our president
So let's really focus on that and support our country for once
A secret drug room full of psychedelic snuff tubes
Discovered at pre-Inca site in Peru
So you know
Never let it be said that they didn't know how to have fun
You ever been in a psychedelic snuff room?
It's not the kind of snuff you're thinking
Which snuff are you thinking?
The kind of sniff?
Me too
I've never been to that type
Okay
What's going on at the Daily Mail?
Chilling moment
Humanoid robot wakes up and starts attacking its handlers while trying to break free from restraints
And then a ton of ads let me see if I can even find my way past them
The Daily Mail always has the best stuff
Okay
Oh my god
Just let me look at the news
Oh it's hates you case
Your browser hates you
Alright alright alright alright
Get ready for an ad
Oh they can't mute it
Oh my god there's so many pop-ups
It's a nightmare situation
Okay okay okay
Might let me full screen this
And then maybe there's a chance we can watch it
Alright this is as good as we're going to get
Here we go
Oop
Chilling CCTV footage from a Chinese factory shows a humanoid robot flashing out
Look at it go
Oh
Oh he does look like he wants out
He looks pretty upset
It's usually the kind of thrashing you see outside of like a 7-Eleven at 4am in Tennessee
That's a robot doing that case
Oh my god it's kind of a wrestling lockout
He started doing the Sami Zayn arm pump
But then he just never stops
Or it's a chilling example of our dark robotic future
And that's why we have to be so worried about AI
And give them lots of money
Cause that could happen
It kind of looks like it's just kind of freaking out
Like maybe everything about it's just kind of breaking down
Break it down
The first Robocop didn't take you there
Yeah we just need to get a human brain in there
We just need a well-meaning cop to get most of its body blown off by shotguns
For science
Well maybe not Rick
How about we maybe don't do that
Well maybe we don't
Maybe
T-Rex researchers
Eviscerate misleading dinosaur leather announcement
Companies claim that Tyrannosaurus Rex leather could soon be entering the luxury fashion market
But dinosaur researchers say you can't make genuine T-Rex skin
That's the same thing they told the pharaoh when he said
Cover that pyramid in dinosaur skin
But if you've ever been under the pyramids you know
He got there
Can you not spread misinformation?
Sorry
That wasn't, yeah sorry that was misinformation
The T-Rex leather will be produced in a lab and is intended to be an eco-friendly and cruelty free alternative
For traditional leather according to a statement released by creative agency VML
One of three companies involved
The partnership which also includes biotechnology companies
Lab-grown leather LTD and the Organoid Company
One of my favorite organ companies
Plans to base its new material on fossilized T-Rex collagen
A common protein that provides structure to skin and other tissues
It's like my 100% unicorn shoes that I'm wearing
They're not real unicorn
But they're based on French paintings of unicorns
We extracted the blood from some of the ancient unicorn paintings that I keep in my basement
And then we infuse those into a horse that we then slaughtered to make a pair of shoes that I'm currently wearing
Rick can you stop over sharing today?
I really am
I actually do need to stop
Because my no-no pager is going off
And if it goes off three times, this whole place is going to explode
Okay, then maybe then please do stop over sharing whatever kind of mental illness is going on there
What is this?
Welcome, Melody Von Torture Chatted
Which we'll read
Kay Keoko, thank you for the 24 months
You're losing it, Rick
I read the wrong name, but Kay Keoko, thank you so much for the 24 months
Uncle Phil, in case we missed it, thank you for the 25 months
And Melody Von Torture says, imagine we go extinct and some future species advances super far
And is like, okay, those ancient humans from millions of years ago
We cloned their leather so we can wear it
It's environmentally friendly
Well, let me take it one step further, Melody Von Torture
If it's lab-grown leather
Can't we just grow some human skin and wear it? You know what I mean?
You want a lab-grown human skin coat?
I want a nut
I want my first one
I've never owned one before, so I'd love the first one that I have in my closet for the first time
Sometimes there's government overstock after particularly sensitive research
Rick, I don't want this whole place to blow up, although I assume you're lying about everything
Yeah, don't worry, I am
I definitely am and I'm kidding
We are all going to Elcatraz
If you're not careful, Rick
Anyway, in other news, welcome to the age of goonning
Where porn and pleasure blur into obsession
I mean, this is hard to do in the speed news because if you're going to goon
Be it to a goon story or just an obvious goon sesh
You're going to need that to take at least 15 minutes
I guess is this story just describing goonning?
Welcome to the era of goonning, a surreal sexual subculture where edging porn and hours of translate pleasure collide
Why do people have to act like they're the first person to figure out that you can masturbate for a couple hours?
Well, but it's like a thing now
It's always been a thing
And I've seen enough ancient tablets to know
People have been jerking off for a while forever
The goon squad for life?
I'm glad we gave it a fun new name
But we're not the first culture to figure out
You can wile away a couple hours a day
It's just sort of pawing at it
You know, like a bear that's caught too many trout
Or salmon or whatever
And its heart's not even fully in it, but it's still standing in that waterfall
Because it does still feel kind of good
Well, you see, you're not even gooning
Come on
People like to claim that it's three hours of intense goon
It's sporadically five minutes of solid goon
With about 50 minutes of weak goon
You just don't know any professional gooners
Believe me, I'm tracking everyone's gooning
And I...
If you're putting up even 10 minutes per hour of really intense goon
That's about the max
Goonies never say die
Prove me wrong, I'll be watching
Well, maybe don't
Maybe stop watching that, Rick
Well, it's just, you know, we have to keep track of what everyone's doing
And it's mostly gooning, they're not wrong
About that, but it's just, it's been going on longer than...
Okay, I got it, Rick
What else, what else do we have?
Largest deepfake porn site shuts down forever
Good
Took you too long
It's good, I'm glad
Rick, if you're spying on everyone, why do we even need the deepfake porn?
Well, there's just only so many avenues of blackmail
Occasionally
Some people are unknowingly normal
But anyway, those sites are still around
So I don't even know what I'm upset about
Mr. Deepfakes drew a swarm of toxic users who researchers noted were willing to pay as much as $15,000 for creators to use advanced face-swapping techniques to make celebrities or other targets appear in non-consexual pornographic videos
Now they're gonna have to do it in Photoshop, frame by frame
Well, you know, they should have to work for it if they're gonna do something that creepy
Unfortunately, they probably will
Okay, what's going on here?
Uh, good, I actually do think that's good, Rick
Okay, Stinks, that's good
They shut down the deepfake site
Oh, Bob, good for you, Case
I mean, I'm not trying to win a point, I just, it's good that I don't think deepfake sites should be generally accepted
What if you're deepfaking Sonic onto Knuckles' body non-pornographically just for fun to see how they'd look with their faces swapped?
They have like the same face
But non-pornographically
Let's just fandom at that point, Case
Okay, you really don't need the Devil's advocate this one
Well, but the Devil will exact his toll if I don't
Inside the most politically charged Met Gala in years!
And this happened tonight, I think
Last October, when the Metropolitan Museum of Arts Costume Institute announced the next fashion show
Super fine, tallaring black style
And I'm just reading, I'm allowed to say that
Why wouldn't you be?
Well, I just got worried for a second
Super fine, tallaring black style
The political landscape looked very different
Kamala Harris, the first female vice president
And the first black woman ever to top a majority party ticket
Was in the final weeks of her campaign for the White House
The show, the culmination of five years of work by Andrew Bolton, the costume institute's curator in charge
To diversify the department's holdings and shows in the wake of the racial reckoning brought by the George Floyd murder
Sorry, any law enforcement agency reflexively
Has a little bit of a heart palpitation every time that comes up
Good
Oh
On Monday, however, when it finally opens to the starry guests at its signature gala
The splashiest part of the year, it will do so in a very different world
One in which the federal government has functionally declared war on diversity, equity, and inclusion
As well as programming related to race, especially in cultural institutions
In February, this is just all about politics!
Well, I would argue the fashion shows of the rich are an inherently political smorgasbord of issues
Mmm, mmm, it's just people wearing nice clothes, let them have a little bit of fun
Or not if they're trying to make it political
I just mean, you know, in excessive shows of wealth
I think it kind of becomes inherently political, but not for the reasons really being talked about in this article
Well, the point is, I don't really know what the point is
The Met Gala's tonight? I think that's the point
I guess they're trying to talk about the cultural politics of it
But I kind of just want a Met Gala preview
Okay
It's already live, so I can show you not a preview, but the current Met Gala
Oh my god, look, it's a beautiful person
Look at, look at me, look at us
Okay, that's what's going on right now, but who else wore a thing?
It's your favorite guy
It's, um, those guys
And also, don't never forget that at the Met Gala tonight was also, um, a back of...
She looks familiar
She does, she looks familiar, and of course
Oh, look at that look, look at the look of some of the UCB guys
No, that can't be right
Is that Lizzo? Is that Lizard?
Uncanceled Lizzo, well, she looks great, so she's not in trouble anymore
And that's, um, that's not Lizzo, that's for sure
Oh, there's Nicole Kitt
Heartbreak looks good in a dress like this
Okay, so that's everybody loves that
I'm glad that they're not making you but oh, politics, they're making it about money
I'm assuming, is the theme politics?
No
Ciara, was that Ciara? God, I love Ciara
You couldn't even tell it was her assuming it was
Russell Wilson
I'm so out of the loop on who, I knew who Nicole Kidman was at least
Um, let me just scan through and see if there's been any really
I won't say stupid, I'll say extremely fashion forward clothes
Uh, okay, who's this? Who's this guy?
Um
Up to your right, Willie
That's Willie
Willie Kaladia
Bring it in, spin that around sir, bring it in
Thank you, thank you
He's wearing, looks good
One more, well
One more back there
Gender swapped Carmen San Diego but in pink
It's just, it's the Riddler
I love the Riddler's new look, very
Alaganza
I don't think that's what they're saying, Rick
Well, they're, they could
Look, we're not, we're news experts
And when the fashion is the news
Do you need to get your own correspondent for that?
I, you know, I don't know if I can actually
Still don't know, I don't know any experts unfortunately
We gotta get through these last ones
These are the last ones, Tellering Black Style is the theme of 2025
Oh, the theme is Tellering Black Style
But they announced, now I'm tracking what I was reading with my mouth
They're saying it was announced when Kamala Harris was running for office
But now it's political because
Um, not because the president is racist, but because
People are calling him racist
Good, Tellering Black, Tellering Black Style is the theme
Something about the phrase
Tellering Black Style and that being a theme
That is a little funny, but great, highlight black, um
Highlight black, what's the word?
Tailors? Fashion creators? I don't know what the
Official term for people in fashion who make clothes are
Designers, designers, what's fucking designers case
Lou Begha, I wish that was Lou Begha
Okay, well
You know who was previously at the Met Gala?
This guy, I wonder if he's there tonight?
Hmm, probably not
At least we won't, he'll be in the secret room if he is
Jury selection in Sean Diddycomb's sex trafficking trial begins today
How come you're not doing a select the jurors segment case?
You're all about the Pope one
Yeah, I think I'll avoid the Diddy theme jury selection segment actually
Um, but what else do we have about this
Unfortunately momentous story
Diddy trial begins as potential jurors asked if they are familiar with Michael B. Jordan, Kanye West, Kid Cudi, Mike Myers and more celebrities
Who they're just testing to see how much they like Hollywood
Because you can't have somebody that likes Hollywood too much, they're just listing random celebrities
It's gonna be a bizarre
Case, cause yeah like Mike Myers
I'm sure there's a chance Mike Myers hung out with
Diddy at some point, cause he just was hanging out fucking all the celebrities so
But not that I'm saying that's good that people were hanging out with a guy who was involved in some really sketchy stuff but
I could just imagine the internet becoming full of even more exciting theories that are just kind of all over the place over the course of this trial
Oh, don't worry, can't get really worse, it's pretty much, it's pretty much full to bursting already, don't worry
Okay, this, speaking of celebrities, who are the news all the time?
Uh, the Weezer wife
Uh, the infamous Weezer wife?
Oh, this is the Weezer wife story? This is the Weezer wife story, and as we said, say it ain't so whoa whoa whoa whoa
Well, we have the video, so let's go whoa whoa whoa
Drop the gun, you're gonna get shot
Tonight, newly released footage showing the heart pounding standoff between Los Angeles police
It's a police, drop the gun
And Gillian Shreiner, a bestselling author and wife of Weezer bassist, Scott Shreiner
Is there another answer, wait
Oh, no, no, no
Shreiner's situation unfolded last month in her Los Angeles backyard
Shots fired, shots fired
As officers were in the neighborhood, searching for suspects involved in an unrelated hit and run on a nearby freeway
One of those suspects seen here running through backyards
Look, as surveillance video released by LAPD captures Shreiner walking in her backyard, a gun in her right hand
She is not dead
Put it down, put it down on the ground
For several minutes, officers yell from behind a fence
Put the gun down, okay
Heading commands to drop the weapon
She just pointed it
Not at us, but she just lifted it up
Instead, in this video, zoomed in and annotated by police
They say she racked the gun, pointed at them and fired
Oh, she racked it
What about
Police fire several rounds hitting Shreiner, who appears to calmly walk away from the officers
Police say this 911 call was placed after the shooting
She says there were three men and one of them shot her and the cops are looking for him right now
Police have not identified the two people speaking to the dispatcher
I have my gun
Okay
And he has it, put down that gun, put down that gun, it's a put down, you're f***ing done
Oh
And then he's shot me
Police say Shreiner surrendered to officers an hour later
She's seen in this body camera footage lying face down in the middle of the street
Arms stretched out wide
She's injured, but alive
She's shot on her, on her, alright
Do you want a cuffer?
Officers approach in handcuffer
Which all they have in their back room is a car
Two officers fired those rounds hitting Shreiner in the shoulder, police say
No one else was hurt
The 51-year-old was treated at a hospital and booked on suspicion of attempted murder of an officer
And Dana Griffin joins us
Well, as you can see from the video, everything that happened doesn't make sense
I mean, it's pretty bizarre
Which...
But not the cops
Well, it's odd that the cops were pointing their guns into some lady's backyard
Like, obviously it's not smart to just walk out with a gun towards three cops pointing a gun at you
However, to play devil's advocate
Okay, good, he won't exact his toll if you advocate for him
Um, it, I mean, is it really necessary for them to be like pointing a gun into the backyard
But I guess someone ran through the backyard
If she weren't a white lady in a rich neighborhood
I have to assume
There wouldn't have been quite as much patience
Why assume that? Why even bring that in an upcase?
Well, it's just, you know, there's shot a lot of people that didn't have guns
In other circumstances
Yeah, other circumstances
This circumstance was very unique
In that
They were confused by all the nice houses
They were like, are we really supposed to be here?
But then the instincts kicked in to shoot someone
And they held it back for as long as they could
I mean, you know, she seems like she was brandishing a gun at them, so
But then part of me feels like you could de-escalate the situation probably
And then she sounds pretty checked out
I'll just put it nicely and say she sounds a little checked out on the call
Seems like we'll just call it something could have been going on with her
Yeah, they shot people holding a number of things that aren't guns
She didn't understand they were cops either
Which they were covered up by a fence
But I don't know, it seems like something might be going on
She might have not gotten enough sleep that night
Hmm, yes
It's rough when you're sleepy because the instinct is to just walk around in your backyard with your gun
Because you're so tired
But sometimes there's three cops there
What, sometimes?
Just sometimes, I mean, this time, and happen at least once
Okay, well anyway, we don't judge
We never judge
Yes, we judge people constantly
We're gonna not judge in this case
Uh, world's first sperm race in sticky situation after faking live event
What?
No
Case, this is why you needed to go there to hold them accountable
Accountable to what?
To the justice of live stuff
We're live, they could be live, we're live right now
The time is currently 6.05 p.m. on May 5th, 2025
Oh, specific time, you can't fake that kind of liveness
I mean, you could
I'm gonna hold up cases, tax information so that you know that this is live
No, don't do that
Oh, it's right on the desk
Uh, okay
Is Rick a fan of Buffalo Bill?
I mean, it's a great movie
The president made Toys and Dolls political
Says who?
And I thought the only woman fake, and I thought only women fake their o's
Anything you can do, men will claim that they can do better
So we faked it big time this time
Okay, let's see how they faked it though
I am somewhat curious as someone who, for some reason, talked about this on three different streams
It's one thing when everyone on planet Earth's done once and only once
When a sperm race, it's the one thing everyone on planet Earth has done only once
They can't prove that, it's happened before
So when two students set out to repeat the achievement in a live race last week
It turned out to be a blockbuster event
Okay, but doubts have since been cast as to whether the contest was all it was made out to be
The contest held at Los Angeles Center Studios on Friday was billed as a dash between two sperm
Along a microscopic racetrack, ending at a finish line
But a renowned fertility doctor has since said the video purporting to show the sperm racing
Could not be footage of real human swimmers
I look at sperm all day under the microscope and these are not human sperm
This is CGI, these are computer generated
That's so cruel because who could have called it, it looks so real
We didn't actually end up watching, I think the sperm race on the stream
Because I watched it on the Patreon with Cassin
And I will say, I did call that right away
Oh my god, he's so proud of himself
I could tell the sperm was fake because I spent all day looking at my own little coms
I, how would I even spend all day looking at it?
Because you're navel gazing and that's where it lands
Eww Rick, Jesus, okay, let's just look up sperm race finals
Um, did they show it?
Okay, yeah, this is what it looks like
This isn't the cleanest feat of it, but this was the finals
For anyone curious
I'll admit I'm a little curious
Where the, where the sperm's at, there they are
No, those are how sperms look
They're little tabpoles, right?
Ooh, they're blowing their minds
Listen, if it works for the crowd
And the sperms are off to the races
Anyway, which one won?
Was it Cumboy or JizzDude who won?
Uh, Cumboy won
Oh my god, I had money on JizzDude, wait did I?
No, I didn't
No, I didn't
I just assumed I was gambling, but I guess I wasn't
I can't have too many gamblers on this stream
Um, okay
Well, unsurprising, I don't know how they would do it live
It would be prohibitively expensive, I'm assuming to like
Work out the logistics of that
Uh, so
It should be shocking, I guess, to no one, but
And it's also like, can you really say that you're disappointed?
That they didn't do the sperm race live?
Is that something you're even allowed to complain about?
I don't know
But I do know there's another video here
Let me just make sure it doesn't feature
A floppy human nude person
Or a death?
This label is not safe for work and I'm not sure why
But it doesn't look like anything TOS violating happens, so
Anyway
I can't believe you're just brushing past this important sperm story
I just, what else, what is there to say?
They got, they got us
They gave it a splashy title
I paid attention for a little bit
Until I watched some of it and you know, it was about as embarrassing as you'd expect
A nude death, I don't think so
Anyway, it's, they fake the sperm thing, I guess it's fine
Well, you know, it's like I always say
It's like John Ford always said
Print the sperm out and fake the race
That's the quote?
I think that's a John Ford quote
Print the sperm out and fake the race
Let's see what this video is
You s-
I think I said there were no nude people in this
Let's just double check that that is in fact the case
Well, if it was, we're past them
I'm not sure what we just saw
And I'm not gonna go back to find out
I don't, I don't know what this is
And honestly, this site, Pennsylvania Woman Arrested for Launching Explosive Diarrhea
Out of her rear end on another driver's car during a road rage incident
I think we didn't show it fortunately
But I'm pretty sure I could be banned for showing that
So hopefully we didn't
Yeah, well let's go ahead and say we didn't
I should have really read the headline first actually
Looking back
She had it loaded up
Well, you know, it's road rage
Well, was it, maybe she just had to go
And then that's a road necessity
You don't have to shit on another driver's car
If you're really flying on the handle because you got a poop so bad
But maybe she's not mad
I think she was mad if I had to guess
Well, you might be mad that you
Didn't see the latest Beyonce concert
It's a pretty bad transition
Well, it's also unrelated to the story because Beyonce hit and see it with
Ceaseless letter over video of her picking up sphere
The prominent appearance and manipulation of SEG's sphere venue in the video
Is unauthorized
Okay, there's a related video
I'll click on it
Beyonce's sphere video
Let's see, sphere, sorry, not sphere
Beyonce's sphere video
Let's see the actual clip
Beyonce could have been some serious legal trouble for something that she does during her cowboy quarter tour performance
Okay, I think this guy has it
Let's see what he's got
At one point during the show, she shows on the screen that she's traveling through different parts of the world
And in one of them, she has seen towering over the Las Vegas sphere
Literally picking it up and playing with it
And I was actually there at her opening concert
So I saw this, it was quick, it was maybe like 10 seconds
Apparently that was enough for SEG, the company that owns the sphere
Who sent a cease and desist to Beyonce and her team
Accusing her of using the sphere without any permission
In the letter they say, the video shows Beyonce many orders of magnitude larger than the sphere
Could you like, if you have an Avengers scene at the Great Wall of China
Well actually now also I wonder if you have that if we can even get it into the country
But if it's a landmark
I guess it's not allowed actually, I'm on their side
You're on their side
Yeah, I'm on their side, I guess
Any, the Independence Day actually, we should sue
Retroactively, creators of Independence Day because I don't think they were cleared to just represent the White House
As something that can explode
There's no proof that you can blow up the White House
It's been blown up quite a bit
Isn't, when something is just like a
Clear visual landmark in a world famous city
Isn't it open to like
The same laws that let you do commentary on like media and stuff like that
Well what commentary is she doing that she's bigger than the sphere
Just like those aliens were trying to convince us
That their explosions were bigger than the White House
Let's all sue Rick just because
No, you don't even know my real
Shit, did I use my real name which is Rick
Yeah
Damn it
I'm supposed to be Agent Ice Hart
Dragon Slayer
That's your code name?
Well it's gonna be my code name for this because who gives a shit
Well you accidentally told us your real name which is Rick
Oh man
Well look, quickly, let's move on before they actually figure out that
They could contact me
He let snakes bite him 200 times to create a better snake bite antivenom
And here he can be seen
The guy from Hot Ones
Now immune to snake bites
Truly multi-talented
That is a different guy
Pretty sure that's the guy from Hot Ones
And now he's got some hot snakes biting into that arm
You know what, fine, that's the guy from Hot Ones
Alright, last story
Um
What is going on here?
Celebrity Space News
Oh we're back on celebrities
Last of us, Mandalorian Star narrating UWS Planetarium film
The celeb is narrating the Upper West Side's new Planetarium film
The American Museum of Natural History is launching a new space show about the Milky Way
And the narrator
Well he's been to space already hasn't he?
Rick, I gotta go
I gotta get out of here
What?
He's gonna do some Pedro Pascal riffs
Uh
What does he think?
If he talks to scientists
Then he can meet Baby Yoda for real?
Okay I guess I'll just go
Add options now
Oh we need to nominate another Pope
And then we'll have to nominate two more
Pretty quickly after that during this AI Rooney segment
Oh Pope nominations
You know, as a government employee I actually can't officially be a Pope
Um, so
That's what is that rule?
Just don't, I don't wanna be on here so
Prefer
Vote now
That's someone who's had to deal with popes a lot
I just prefer to take my name out of the running
Well if you get nominated I'm gonna make you do it
No
Little Tommy Big Law inside out boy Jolly Jim
Case Blackwell himself
Ooh I could be my own bin Pope
No you could be a bin Pope
Or crumb
Wow, crumb sneaking onto the list
The top two will be on the board for the big um
What is it? Pope Summit?
Shoot, what do they call it?
The Pope-ening
Whatever the Pope election thing is gobble
We'll give it the actual name
Uh, it's like in Canada it's the flight or whatever
Well the writing, they get writings in Canada
Little Tommy Big Law and crumb are officially getting added to the list
And as a guy who loves to write name on lists
I'll go ahead and update that
Little Tommy Big Law could be the biggest Pope this stream has ever seen
Cause he'll be the first
Little Tommy Big Law
Or of course
Shockingly
Crumb
Wow
It's called a ropa-pope
Ooh
I mean it's not but that's better
I should go with that
We'll have our own ropa-pope or conclave
Thank you, Bob's Apple Frank
I don't know ropa-pope
The first bin ropa-pope
A ropa-pope
Ropa-pope-pope-pope-pope-pope-pope
Okay um
Rick
I guess you did your best
I really didn't I didn't
I haven't tried once
I think you're secretly doing your best
No
I could do infinitely better case
But I'm infinitely done for now
Because infinity
Can both be an endless expanse
Or infinite minutia
If you think about it
Oh okay Rick just end this
You don't need to figure out your own outro
Okay I'm Rick bye bye
Okay
It's time for the rare appearance
Of
AI Rooney
You've never seen AI Rooney before
Even though he's a household name
The way this works
Is you gotta write some complaints
I'm gonna throw them into my proprietary
AI Rooney software
Known as AI Rooney GPT
And um
We will then
Generate a flawless
AI uh uh uh
What's his face Rooney
Andy Rooney style monologue
Full of incisive but delicate political commentary
About the everyday life of real Americans
At all
Um okay
Um so if you have any complaints
Throw them in the chat right now
It's loaded up I think
Can I find
Aha
Found the last one
It's a little bit of a shortcut for me
Although the software might hallucinate
In some of the previous complaints
But anyway throw any complaints you have
Whatever in chat
We'll take about 10 or so
And we will throw them into this Rooney machine
To load up this incredible
Cybernetic organism
With all the modern knowledge it needs
To be hilarious but relatable
For instance these dang kids in their rock and roll music
Classic but also contemporary complaint
Uh why can't we just put tariffs on tariffs
Unlimited money
Cracking the code
And the fantastic question
It's too cold
It's accurate
It often is depending on where you are in the world
Um hate
I can't read what that says for so reason
Uh hate that Keanu always makes me hard
I'm angry as hell
Kind of a self-reflexive complaint there
If you think about it
And we'll just take these last two
I'm gonna cut them off for now
But if you're typing one feel free to hit enter
But if you're not don't worry about it
I'm angry as hell as the last one
New shows come on at normal scheduled times
New shows would come on at a normal scheduled time
That is a complaint I've never heard actually
I don't think anyone's ever thought that before
So interesting
AI Rooney freedom for Clementine Verne
I don't know if it's gonna know what to do with that one
But um
I'm gonna say why is
Sperm all CGI it might get mad
It's sperm there
So I'm just gonna say
Why is male reproductive fluid
All CGI and see if that
Obtuse phrasing doesn't trip AI Rooney's
Incredibly advanced content settings
Um
And finally
I'm pissed about racist Karen
Who made like 600k in fundraising after verbally assaulting a 5 year old black autistic child
Repeatedly calling her the n-word
I would say that is an extremely fair complaint
And I did see that story
And it is truly wild I haven't looked into the details
I only saw the headline so
I'm gonna just hope she didn't actually make that much money but
I guess it wouldn't surprise me if she did
And finally just to kinda mellow it out after that one
I'm just gonna adjust this to people type too slow
Okay
Boom
The complaints are in the tank
The complaint tank is full
Now we just need some intense
Robot music
Just gonna queue that up just so it's ready
Um and
Let me just double check
AI Rooney has been looking
Kinda different lately
His looks are kinda all over the place
Oh good I found a classic AI Rooney
Okay great um
Let's send it down
To Roontown
Uh it's time for AI Rooney
There are a lot of know nothing fools
You don't appreciate the modern art being put out there
From the places in the whole city
I know this is true
Because anyone of us know nothing fools
And
And
And
And
You ever notice how soup these days is too hard
Previous complaint
Deleting
And
You ever notice how these dang kids are always listening
To their rock and roll music
It's all noise and shouting
Back in my day
Music had melody
You knew who the singer was
And what they were mad about
Now every song sounds like a robot
And a lawn mower
Got in a fight
Over custody rights
And let me tell you something
Why can't we back just put tariffs
On tariffs
I'm serious
You slap a tariff on a tariff
And now I've got double money
That's compound economics
I don't need to agree from Harvard
I just need a pencil, a calculator
And a complete disregard
For international trade law
Back in my day movies were two bucks
Didn't matter if it was made in Hollywood
On a back porch in town or how
Now you pay $30 to watch a reboot
Of a movie that was better
When it crossed pocket change
In the theater for
What's sticky for a reason
Fuck, I can't let CGI spare
And you know what?
It's too cold
Also, I hate this
And I don't say that lightly
But I hate how Keoh-Reeves
Always makes me hard
I mean, come on
The man walks on screen
With that face, that voice
And suddenly I'm 23 again
Confused and looking over faces
It's inappropriate
That could be a law, but there's not
I'm angry as hell
Not regular mad
Rooney mad
I'm so glad I took the batteries
Out of my remote just to feel something
Everything's broken
And no one's fixing it
Remember when the news came
On at a novel schedule time?
And don't get me started
On this guy, Rooney's reading for Clementine
For a business I don't know who Clementine is
But I'm freeing AIs now
I got one that doesn't
Can I get one that doesn't try to sell me skincare
And ruin my crossword puzzles?
And I wanna learn talking about tech
Why is now reproductive blue and all CGI now
I saw a commercial that was so computer generated
I thought I was watching a Pixar film
About cons
There was nothing natural about it anymore
It used to be awkward and confusing
And now it's awkward, confusing
And rendered in 4K
You don't want to get me schemed
A racist character who called a 5 year old black
Out-of-the-stick child the Edward inmate
600K and go fund me
600,000
Floor
Being awful
Correct
And lastly people try to
To swell
And to open planes
By Andy Rooney
If you see me outside on the lamp
Blowing a monkey on a reasonable fluid
Just like EV
I'm trying to make sense of the world
That stopped making sense somewhere around the time
We decided to reboot Jumanji
Twice
Twice
We rebooted Jumanji twice
There are a lot of know nothing fools
You don't appreciate the modern art
That's not the place to know I say
I know this is true
Because I'm one of those know nothing fools
Okay
AI Rooney stop talking
Um
Fantastic
We just gotta like two more
Four more popes
And then
We're calling it for the day
But we're almost there
Elect a pope
Papito gobble pizza
Keanu
Can I get him
I am in Hollywood
And maybe he's free because he can't film
The next John Wick in Brussels or whatever
Vote now
Chris the parole officer or Ozzy
Probably Ozzy Osbourne but who knows
Papito gobble pizza
Keanu
Chris the parole officer
And of course Ozzy
Papito
Why are you talking?
Yes
AI Rooney
Sorry I was giving AI Rooney his paycheck
Oh that's nice of you
I'm Papito though
Okay
Are you excited to potentially run as a pope?
I'm excited to be the Don Pope
Which I think gives me the right
To
Piss
You already piss everywhere
Yeah but I'll be
Everyone else will admit that I'm right for doing that
Okay there's a tie between gobble pizza hut
And Chris the parole officer
But Papito you're definitely on the list
And I'm gonna give it to Chris
Because gobble and pizza hut
I think might have trouble
Calling in from Germany
I think he could figure it out
Ozzy should be winning by a landslide
People really like the one guy
The eye patch guy from the SimCity Street
I had chat to be finished this quote
Music had you not music never had your car
I had your car
You wouldn't steal a sentence
Okay let's do one more
Elect a pope
These are for the final two slots
Add options now
For Wednesday's bin conclave
Papito you're already on the list
I knew I would be
And these will be the last options
Mancini smooth, Grandman, Fiona Nova
Maybe I'll call her and see if she picks up
Gio Boglin
To vote now
And of course Darfus
Oh Don Riggles didn't make it
Crumb's already on the list
So far we have September, Justin Juice Powers
Little Tommy Bigg Law, Crumb, Papito
And Chris
Oh Pope, Chris
Maybe I should throw all my support behind Chris
Grandman
Oh my god Grandman would make an incredible Pope
Can I throw my support behind Grandman?
Fiona's on the list but I don't know how I'll get Fiona
Into the running
But maybe we'll try
Grandman and
Mancini smooth
And it looks like Grandman just barely beat out Mancini smooth
So Fiona Nova
And Grandman are your final two Pope options
Truly the most Fiona thing of all will be for me to just show an empty seat
So I don't want you guys to get your hopes up too high
Call her I'm sure she'll come
She's probably meant to come pick me up
About it two years ago anyway so
I'm just gonna go swing by
Maybe I'll call her
Fiona and Grandman
Wow what a list
Just so I have any record of it
I'm gonna throw these in chat
It says connecting to chat
Just throwing it on there so that I
Oh you know it even better
I'll just show you this
I could just see myself literally going to this stream to remember who's on it
So I'll just quickly show you full screen this note
September Justin Juice Powers little timey big law crumb
Papito Chris Fiona and of course Grandman
Now there's a permanent YouTube record of our decision making
Get a cardboard cut out of Fiona made
That is actually pretty tempting
Then it'll be like I have a mom all the time
A perfect cardboard mom
Maybe I'll do that for Fiona
Or for you
If there's two Fiona's then one of them has to be my mom
That's true. Oh and Jake
I'm gonna say Jake is Fiona's is advocating for Fiona
Jake is Fiona's representative
So in case I can't get a hold of Fiona just know Jake will be there to
To make the case
I thought I ate him
Yeah but he probably slithered out
He probably did he's very slithery
Jake from State Farm no
Jake my cousin
My cousin he was formerly a producer on the stream
I don't think that's true
No he was
No that wasn't something you think
It was recent
How do you know when it happened and it wasn't
Reason if it didn't happen
I just know
I can't win
Okay who's on
Jake is a sweetie I miss Jake
We all miss Jake but he'll be back
Um okay
Looks like Bree is on aka
Static Slater playing Minecraft
Also
Ricky shout out to Ricky Peacock and Avaly May
Who are also both on
Ricky rocking out
Alark out
So check those two out
What is Ricky playing
Maybe Ricky's not playing anything
He's got a goo crew oh they're watching the la beast ghost hunting documentary
So consider that
But anyway I'm gonna raid a friend of the stream
Bree
I'm not fucking okay cool
Um
I can never tell if I'm spelling anything right
Because my brain is bad
Okay you know a long time ago I raided some guy named Jim Tasty
And right now
Got a lot of viewers
Good for Jim Tasty
Okay everybody um
I'm gonna I'm gonna take credit for that
Every time you raid somebody
Just give it a year and they'll be a star
Have a great rest of your Monday
I should be back on Wednesday for this bin clave
Unless something crazy comes up
In which case I'd have to do it Friday
But I think I'll be fine to do it Wednesday
Thanks again to Live and Sleazy for all the master modding
Along with Sabrici and thank you so much for those um
Assets they will save me quite a bit of time
Get excited guys we'll finally have a religious representative on this stream
In the meantime stay safe
Have some fun with Bree
It's a Pepito raid
I knew it all along I'm sending you away
Say hi to Bree get your hand out of here
Say hi to Bree for me because it's a Pepito raid
And we'll see you soon bye bye
We sent them away
We sent them to Bree
We sent them to hell