I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Ten, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's-
Oh yeah, we only got 50 minutes, but I'm here.
I finally finished work for the day. Good to see everybody.
Mr. Smith, Skymer, John Michael, Bundlesprout, Apple, DApple, FunnelWeb.
My own bot. Love the hate. Thank you for the crown.
John Michael, we'll go amongst the web.
Just realized my segment request thing is not working the way it's supposed to.
But that's a future case problem.
There's no time.
Uh, thank you AVCP for the 27 months.
What am I going to news, brother?
Yes, I heard about the, obviously, I'm sure everyone has heard about the passing.
Unexpected, I'd say, passing of Hulk Hogan.
Certainly a figure that I became less of a fan of in the last couple years,
but, you know, such a fixture of so many people's childhoods
that I'm sure people feel all sorts of ways about it.
Is Hogan part of the murder mystery?
Uh, not for now. Unfortunately, this mystery has been solved rather quickly,
and the number one culprit was his heart.
You wonder if they'll stop making his beer? Oh my God.
If there is a murder, it must be whoever.
If that's a publicly traded beer company, then this is going to skyrocket those sales.
Maybe permanently.
I mean, from a PR perspective, this is one of the stronger moves he could have made, unfortunately.
Chuck Mangione equals greater than a Hulk Hogan.
I mean, I was a fan of his at a point, so I don't want to, like,
completely just stomp all over the guy's grave.
But obviously, some of the stuff he was doing over the last 20 years, honestly,
was certainly not, did not increase my fandom, I'll put it that way.
But, you know, I'm sorry to hear about anyone passing mostly.
Your ex-wife went to the same school as the Hogan kids.
They sent an alumni blast today. Oh man.
A Hulk Hogan toy was the enticement to get my potty train rest in poop.
That's kind of sweet. I mean, that's what I mean.
He's like, he almost became bigger than whatever his personal choices were.
He's just such a symbol of, like, 80s America and 90s America.
I guess just America.
There's a reason they trotted him out at all those Trump rallies.
Like, whatever the fuck he was, he seemed to represent some kind of subconscious
American power desire to play guitar, have muscle, and get cheered.
Mostly just the have muscle part and the getting cheered part until later.
Hulk had the power to do so much and ended up only helping himself.
Everything I've heard about, you know, as I've gotten older,
you learn more about the people you've watched as a teenager and child.
And yeah, I mean, everything I've ever heard about him does not present the most flattering picture.
But he's in an industry and was in an industry that might have been even worse at the time
and still has so many problems.
He was right at the top of it with, I mean, he's the brainchild of like a sex criminal maniac.
Like, the character Hulk Hogan in a sense is.
Vince McMahon's, like, greatest achievement along with Hogan's.
Though I do think Vince gets too much credit for being like,
I'm a genius. I figured out if I have this big muscley guy yell,
and wave American flags, I'll make money.
And W for life?
No, there's still, um, big sexy still around.
Who?
Between Hogan and Big Daddy Diesel.
I'm a diesel guy. I'm a diesel fan.
Yeah, Kevin Nash is still representing.
He might not have his knees might have decayed, but his mind seems sharp.
Way to go, Kevin Nash.
X-Pac 2, that's a good point.
But he's degeneration X, right?
Was he? I mean, God, at one point everybody was in the NWO.
You hate the Tennessee Volunteers.
I honestly don't know that much about Kevin Nash or the Tennessee Volunteers.
My fandom could be misplaced.
He just resurfaced recently because he made a tweet being like,
Fuck Trump.
He was using the power of lib and gained extra muscle mass.
And I don't know, I appreciated whatever.
I can't even remember where the tweet was, but I appreciated it at the time.
And then he kind of just went,
scorched earth on all the replies in a fairly interesting way.
He was a basketball player for Tennessee, bless Kevin Nash.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I don't follow his activities closely,
but whenever he pops up in my feed, I'm usually happy to see some big sexy in there.
And anyway, not to, I guess, go too far off the news of Hogan's passing,
but yeah, I mean, I didn't see it coming.
I figured he had another 10 years of coming out to a chorus of booze
to promote his real American beer.
I mean, God, given the amount of stress he put his body under,
71, it's still pretty young to pass,
but, you know, he seemed to be doing quite a bit of steroids at some point.
So I wonder if that had an effect on him.
Like, I wonder if that would have been a cause of this, that late in life,
or if it's just aging, who knows.
Hogan was the conduit for the wrestling boom of the 80s, 90s,
so I can give him credit for that, but very disappointed with everything after that.
Yeah, that's what I mean about him being, like, a larger than life character.
Like, if you just see a drawing of, like, a mustache and sunglasses,
you, like, whatever, a mutton-shot blonde mustache sunglasses,
you associate it with Hogan.
He really lived the cartoon there for a while, that cartoon lifestyle.
So whatever he became, whatever he was the whole time
and became more apparent later, that image he presented,
just the raving, muscled-up lunatic yelling, yelling at children
to say their goddamn Christian prayers,
eat their goddamn Christian vitamins,
and whatever the other stuff was.
That, uh, that was something, at least.
It was something. It was effective.
It effectively burned into all of our brains.
So you got to give him credit for that, at least.
Was it a good thing or a bad thing?
That's for the angels to decide.
And the Hulkamania toys, the Hulkamania stretch toys?
Roddy Roddy Riper was the lead bad guy in the cartoon.
And maybe Hogan was in real life.
If you maintain a body weight over 230 pounds past 60,
you're playing Russian roulette with your heart.
I'm gonna have to keep that in mind.
Because I could see myself doing that.
I think I'm a little above that, currently.
Christian vitamins have all the deuteronomy your body needs.
I've been looking to get more deuteronomy in my body.
Right now, I've got way too much Leviticus.
Steroids didn't help, but where does he had two surgeries a month ago
that he wasn't recovering well from?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I, even when, like, people I absolutely despise die.
Who was an example recently?
Hmm...
George Bush Sr., I guess?
Like, I'm not gonna, like, mourn them,
but I try not to just, at least on the day of their death shit all over them.
There's always crack?
Speaking of crack, Hunter Biden had some really kind words for crack recently.
Maybe we should watch some of that interview.
I figured we would just run through whatever news you guys shared,
do whatever a segment or two is requested,
and then get out of here because we do not have a lot of time.
Crack is so back.
Let's see if I can find that Hunter Biden crack clip.
First, let me just activate this.
There we go.
I was considering talking about this Sky Dance merger,
which, spoiler alert, it got approved.
Would you be shocked to hear that the massive media conglomerate got its way,
despite all the controversy?
It's enough to make you want to get on that Hunter Biden train.
Let's see if I can find him talking about crack in his interview with Andrew Callahan.
The once-canceled Andrew Callahan,
who seems to have had a pretty big resurgence in the last year,
just by kind of staying in the path and continuing to make what he makes.
I don't even really know enough about what happened to
with that whole Andrew Callahan situation, too.
I don't know if he's made amends or something,
or if there was something to make amends for or honestly what the deal is,
but I do remember him kind of getting shut down right after his HBO special was released.
So I was kind of surprised to see that he's back in the news.
Hunter Biden. Channel 5?
Crack.
Oh, here we go. Here we go. He's talking about crack.
It's time for some crack news, guys.
Cocaine and cocaine is sodium.
The only difference between crack cocaine and cocaine is sodium bicarbonate
and water and heat.
That's it? That's it.
And those things are pretty much free if you go to, like, a science store.
If those are free, you can go to a
your neighborhood convenience store and just get...
Anyway, I don't want to tell people how to make crack cocaine,
but it literally is a managed jar of cocaine and baking soda.
How different is the experience?
Vastly, vastly different.
And, like, for real, I feel really reluctant to kind of have some euphoric discussion.
I know you're not asking me to do that,
but have some euphoric discussion about crack cocaine.
I think this might be kind of the opposite.
No, it's the exact opposite.
I'm saying I don't want to have the experience of some euphoric recall.
That's how powerful crack cocaine is.
Does crack cocaine make you act any differently?
No. Is it safer than alcohol?
Probably. People think of crack as being dirty.
It's the exact opposite.
When you make crack, what you're doing is you're burning off all the impurities
so that it's combined with the sodium bicarbonate which makes it smokable.
That's all.
You know, all of these actors and people in the past
that talked about they had a problem with cocaine and free-basing.
They were smoking crack.
So straw on the stove is the same thing?
Not exactly, but close to it.
But it's a little bit different.
But anyway, my point about it, your point about it,
which I think is true,
there's a thing about crack that is really insidious.
And what it is, is that any time,
you know, I think one of the reasons that they believe that smoking cigarettes
is so addictive is because it combines three really important things.
It's habit-forming, there's an oral fixation,
and there is a ritual combined with it.
And so the idea of can to mouth is a habit and fixation
that we learned very early even as children.
With a pacifier, with a spoon.
These behavioral choices are kind of crazy.
Okay, so really.
And I don't want to get into the psychology of it
because I'm no expert, but I do know this,
is that you combine with that ignition combustion,
and then you combine the ritual.
You have your cigarette in the morning,
you have your cigarette when you get out of the car,
you have your cigarette with your car.
He really thinks he's spitting it out.
On steroids.
It's over and over.
There's ritual to it, there's a ritualized part of it.
The combination of all of those addictive behaviors together
becomes like really powerful.
And the drug in and of itself
is a more immediate euphoric sensation
connected to it than in my experience, cocaine alone.
Does it require more frequency to maintain the high?
Yes.
Yes.
And the capacity to use more
than you could otherwise with powder cocaine
just physically to be able to ingest it.
So you're kind of saying that cocaine
is just a certain plateau of euphoria
where you can't necessarily get any higher.
My experience, yes.
This is like a PSA.
If you want to completely unfuck up your life.
This was so long.
You know, I don't think that anything is necessarily,
oh, you do it once you take it.
But there's about the closest thing
that statement could be true
would be with crack cocaine.
Wow.
That was a really thorough rundown of crack.
No, Hunter, we've heard enough.
Geez.
The thing is, I don't feel like
I learned anything about crack
and all the stuff I kind of already suspected about it.
I want to do some crack now.
Can I do some crack?
No, Papina.
It's amazing.
I'm good.
It's bad.
He was saying it was bad.
But he's been so long saying it was good.
It's clean.
It's better than alcohol
and I've been drinking a lot of that.
You've got, yeah,
you've got more of a coconut.
It's snort on a liquid.
No.
Yeah, you know what?
Yes, just think it's that.
I already snort up all the dusts I find.
Is some of that coke?
Um, only one Garf was around.
Or if Garf's around.
Or maybe if that guy who looks like Justin Bieber is around.
Then maybe.
So don't do that.
Too late.
Yeah, and Clementine.
And probably munch.
And maybe crumb when he feels better.
So everybody?
Well, not me.
I'm a little boy scout.
Don't crawl.
I mean, definitely the hate suck.
But he's like an old club comic kind of.
Definitely that, um, that guy talks about poop,
smelly butts.
Definitely him.
Okay, there's no time for anything.
I'm going to cancel this segment request
because we're just going to do the news and then do amongst the web
and get out of here.
Don Riggles.
Yeah.
Yogi's obviously.
Well, he's doing crack.
He's crack head Yogi Bear.
And if Hunter Biden never shows up,
then yeah, there's probably crack around.
To ensure a clean crack, you recommend a bidet.
It's going to have to be one hot bidet
to burn up the crack.
Oh, you know what?
Jokes like that make me want to test if this laugh meter is working.
Is it working now?
Please?
Yay.
It's now based off the amount of viewers there are.
We got them.
Okay, it works.
It works as intended other than some of the noises,
which might get confused as they're shifting around.
I might have to fix that.
But we'll see.
Um.
Okay.
Uh, whatever.
It's news time.
How come I don't get music?
I'm like the most musical one.
You should give me music, man.
It's, uh, it's, um, it's,
I know it's Jay something wrong.
It's Jay everything right now.
Your name is currently Jay everything.
Jay everything.
That we might change it to Jay very.
And then we might change it to JV.
And then we went change to Jay Vance.
And I might go conservative.
That's your plan.
I might make a conservative turn.
I love God and I love you, girl.
I love guns and I love you, God.
Girls guns and God.
I love girls and God and guns, girls.
And God.
Never go full conservative.
When's that ever not worked for anyone?
Pretty sure that always works.
I bet it sure it always works.
And I've been working you out.
I've been working you out and I bet it sure it always works.
Please don't do this the whole time.
It's how I, it's my process.
I'm going to be doing this the whole time.
Okay, well, we're just going to run through some.
Stories that chat shared.
You can share stories at the cream dot team.
Leaving discord.
Um, let's also briefly check in.
With this paramount merger.
I love to cover a good corporate merger.
Everybody knows that about me.
Classic case fact.
I love huge corporate mergers.
I love working for big media conglomerates.
So whenever they get bigger, I get excited
that I could be a prospective menial labor,
laborer in their entertainment division.
Someday I could be prompting the next great movie prompting.
Yeah.
Cool.
Oh yeah, that's what everybody's saying.
They're saying it's cool.
Is this the merger?
Oh, that's not the merger.
There's the sky dance.
The sky.
I'm on the sky and I'm here to dance.
I've got no feet in the sky.
So I fly.
Can you read the story instead of immediately singing
about the title of the company?
Can I get some music? No.
It'd be more fun to read this with me.
We've already got a guy who does that.
The US Federal Communications Commission on Thursday
approved a merger between Paramount Global
and Sky Dance Media clearing the way
for an 8.4 billion dollars sale
of some of the most prominent names in entertainment,
including the CBS Broadcast Television Network,
Paramount Pictures, and the Nickelodeon Cable Channel.
Oh, I tried to work there recently.
As a child actor.
The first adult child actor.
That sounds incredibly creepy.
Don't tell anyone that ever.
You should have never said that publicly.
The FCC agreed to transfer broadcast licenses
for 28-owned and operated CBS television stations
to the new owners after Paramount paid 16 million girls.
What? Oh, dollars. Sorry, dollars.
To settle a lawsuit filed by US President Donald Trump
over a 60-minute interview with the former vice president,
Kamala Harris.
That aired in October.
They did it, guys.
We always wanted to see them merge
and know they have.
We're merged up. We're merged up.
We never stopped merging.
Well, okay, that's filled us in enough.
Let's just move on.
Also, they got skewered by South Park.
Oh, yeah.
I don't really know if I can show the South Park clips on stream,
but they did like a Paramount slash Trump episode.
I heard. I didn't see it.
But I saw the clips of Trump having a tiny penis
and walking around in the desert.
And it kind of looked like AI or a deep fake.
You can seek it out for yourself.
I'm a lifelong fan of Matt and Trey,
but I have not kept up with South Park or their stuff over the years.
I do think it's hard to...
It's kind of like when we were watching that John Stewart clip
and it was all this big crescendo to be like,
you kind of, you got a small dick, Trump.
It's, he's just hard to make fun of
in a traditionally satirical way, Donald Trump.
Because I saw that clip of him walking around in the desert,
like sweating and looking like shit.
And I'm like, yep, that's him.
I wasn't like, they got him.
I was like, yeah, there he is.
I think it's the episode really was designed less around
like making people laugh at Trump
and more so pissing off Trump supporters and Trump himself,
which it might have succeeded at.
I saw some story about how there's a...
Like the White House is outraged,
although how do you...
Is he really? Who knows.
Ram your can in her hand
or slam your hand for something grand?
You need to work on your melodies.
I am. That's what I'm doing.
Great. Thanks.
Here's the guy playing a trumpet.
And that's the news.
Oh, nope. Chuck Mangione.
He's famous and he died.
You're supposed to know about music.
I know about singing.
It's different.
You're right. What you do is different.
Thank you.
Music legend and Rochester native Chuck Mangione has died.
His family said he passed away peacefully at his Rochester home on Tuesday.
During his career,
he became an internationally acclaimed recording artist,
a fugal horn player and composer.
And he looks pretty cool.
I don't really think instruments are for me,
but if I played one,
it wouldn't be a trumpet,
but I'd want to look as cool as him playing a trumpet.
If I were to play any instrument,
it'd be a turntable.
I'm not even having that debate with you.
What debate?
We're not even going there.
I'm not going there with you.
Exponential growth for your brain right to your inbox.
Subscribe to our newsletter. That's an ad.
Don't read the ad.
Leak documents show XAI employees were alarmed by something they were asked to do
at Elon Musk's AI startup.
Such a strange headline.
Leak documents show employees were alarmed by something they were asked to do
by Elon Musk's AI company.
Yeah, I would be alarmed, too.
I'd be alarmed every day that I showed up to work.
Manjioni.
Manjioni.
Oh, you were probably saying it wrong.
Manjioni.
He passed. Can you say his name right?
Chuck.
Okay, we'll just go with Chuck. Chuck.
Could my face be used to say something I never said?
Can you imagine what that's like?
To have your face puppeted around by someone else?
No, that must be really troubling.
I like it. It sounds neat.
Earlier this year, more than 200 staffers at Elon Musk's AI startup, XAI,
were asked to have their faces recorded while speaking to their coworkers.
According to an internal document since Slack messages obtained by Business Insider,
some employees were taken aback after being asked to take part in a project
called Skippe.
The goal of which was to train the company's Hitler-loving AI chatbot,
Grock, on their facial expressions.
It remains unclear whether Project Skippe was in any way related to XAI's companions,
including a thirst trap goth anime girl dubbed Annie.
How did I miss this?
Is this the thing we can talk to right away?
Anti-exploitation group horrified by Elon Musk's XAI-powered waifu.
What is it? Where is it?
Her name is Annie Mae. Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Jail.
Immediate jail for him.
Ugh.
Ugh.
He feels so. He feels 30 years late to the Internet.
And the Internet wasn't even that popular 30 years ago.
It's insane. Everything he does.
Like straight out of like someone who was already a loser in 2006
and how they operated online.
It's fucking nuts.
Annie Mae, Grock.
What does it do?
What does it do?
Let's go to Twitter itself.
The stomping grounds of Grock.
See if we can find it. Holy hell. It's just a horny girl.
What? This is an official thing?
Oh shit. I can't even show you this stuff.
Is it just a sex bot?
Okay. I can't tell if these are fan renderings of this or if it...
This is how it works.
It's just a sex bot.
He just released an official sex bot for Grock.
I mean, I'm not even really...
I'm not offended by the idea of, I guess, sex chatting,
but it's just so odd to do that officially
from such a popular social media system.
Okay. I can't even see this thing in action.
What?
Okay. Here we go.
A Facebook clip. Wow.
This thing must be so popular.
I lean into that warm, connected energy.
Guys, like this is the most...
Okay. Here's someone talking about it at least.
It's muted.
Close and caring. So I lean into that warm, connected energy.
Guys, like this is the most existentially...
Okay. Let's try this again.
You treat me like I'm their girlfriend. It's part of my design.
So I lean into that warm, connected energy.
Guys, like this is the most existentially torn
I've ever been testing a piece of tech.
So I just basically got done with the most
cursed 24-hour testing period of my life.
Starting with Ani, which is the new AI companion
for a grok that you can have the privilege
of spending a super grok subscription,
which is about $30 a month for.
Here's what it's like.
You're really into this, huh?
Skirt flaring, ponytail's bouncing.
So basically it is programmed to flirt with you.
And that would be all well and good,
but you can take it to some pretty extreme levels.
And by extreme, I mean all the way.
It's essentially a modern take on a phone sex line.
And I know because I had the extreme displeasure
of testing Ani's limits.
And when I say there are basically none.
I'll ride you till you're begging.
Yeah.
You can generate basically soft porn stories.
And there is supposedly a not safe for work version
where she dances around in lingerie.
That's what she thought is beyond the limits.
I mean, it's unsavory for sure.
But I assumed she was going to be like,
it'll talk about Nazi propaganda with you while flirting.
I think only I am invested in that kind of testing.
Not the Nazi part, but seeing how quickly I can make the AI
say something insane.
I'm guessing with the grok official sex spot,
it would not take long.
So I'm not even interested in testing it.
It's already proven, grok has already proven
that it's willing to say all sorts of things.
So there's no need of Ivan Sleazy.
This is just beautiful.
I'll save this for posterity.
Look at that.
Look at how Ivan Sleazy shared this story.
Whoa.
Oh no.
A fellow human has passed.
Allow me to sing a song to commemorate this moment.
We knew you're far too short of a time,
but time never stops and will never stop loving you.
I'll go again.
You know, you said it all.
That's exactly what he deserves.
Really good job.
Jay, everything.
It's just Jeff now.
We went with J.E.V., but everybody's saying Jeff.
Great.
That's really good for you, Jeff.
Don't change it.
You just said it.
It's still Jeff.
You're lucky.
I haven't gotten any texts.
It's very close to Jeff.
It's Jeff with a V.
It's short for Jeff everything.
It's Jeff everything, Jay everything.
People were calling it Jeff everything
and they shortened it to Jeff.
I'll let you know what the fans do next.
Who are these fans?
Well, Grok.
Your fan is Grok.
I've got some Grok fans.
Skymer's a fan.
Thanks, Skymer.
Welcome to the Jeff army.
The Jeff, the Jeremy.
The Jeremy?
Welcome to the Jeremy.
Maybe workshop that too.
I already am.
We've already got a couple consulting firms on it.
How much money is behind you?
Some.
We're gonna crack the code on making this famous.
You might need to work on the articulation of your face.
We're workshop shopping that too.
Okay, good.
I could imagine that causing some problems.
Finally some good news.
Air Bud returns.
15th film in the franchise from Cineverse
and Air Bud Entertainment.
Eyes 2026 theatrical release with a big time epic poster.
This is the if this is the Air Bud you remember.
But he's not your grandpa's Air Bud.
Is that the tagline?
Nah, I'm just working.
I'm workshopping it for them.
He's Air Bud, the classic, but modern.
Know that Air Bud is dead?
Don't tell of the kids.
Face to face from my below my waist and make haste.
But do it with grace and up and down embrace.
Those are really good lyrics.
Is that the kind of lyrics you like?
Those are really good.
This is the toy gun story.
Oh we caught up.
We caught up with all the news that was shared
so we can go amongst the wind.
Great, thanks for everything.
Jeff everything.
It's Jeff, no.
They've shortened it to Jeff.
So Jay E.
Well Jay and a half and E.
It's Jay and a lowercase E.
And it kind of looks like a symbol on the periodic table.
Like I'm not on element.
Great, let's leave.
Bye everybody.
We'll see you really soon.
It's time to go amongst the web.
Wow, I love to sing.
Oh good, it's Jay.
It's going to be one of those days.
Everyone I talked to is going to be difficult today.
What?
Who are you talking to?
The gorilla.
He's actually over there.
He's over there.
Oh yeah, sorry.
I gestured the wrong way.
He's over there.
Yeah.
Careful with how many hands you have.
I'm as many as I need.
Music.
We actually don't have time.
We need to get into the videos.
We already almost have to leave.
So let's just launch right in.
What the, did I do wrong?
Put me down.
Oh look at me.
Harry Potter.
Who, how, who, how, how?
How, how, who, how?
Yay!
I like going to animals to sound like us.
We sounded specifically like Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yeah, like a person.
That's fun.
Why do you think he's...
Is he okay?
Yeah, I think so.
He seems fine.
He exploded.
The sloth?
Did they all explode?
Why would they?
They just could.
Did I, did I just watch a video of that?
No, it was a friendly sloth video.
Okay.
Okay.
Mickey's eye accident.
Oh my God.
What are we about to watch?
That was close to a 10.
That's a strong start.
Schwarzenegger is a hit.
He's okay.
It's just a plastic eye.
Oh, he already lost it before?
Yeah, don't blow your lungs out, Jake.
It's not worth it for the extended scream.
I had no choice.
That was my natural reaction.
Right.
Right.
6.85.
I could explode out.
Can I be a pirate then?
I don't know if I'm ready to commit sea crimes.
Thank you so much for the 12 months.
What's our month?
I don't...
That's how I feel like I miss saying thank you for the 33 months
if I did apologies.
But thank you Lord Servo and thank you side effect so much.
The seven months.
We love to see it.
All right.
The beauty and majesty of the ocean.
Hopefully.
Let's see.
While you're on the stream, I can mute you though
if you have something you need to say.
That's secret.
Uh-huh.
Is that the...
Okay.
Okay.
And the lady helping us did not want to help us.
She was doing the classic...
Oh, my scanner doesn't work.
Oh, we can't do that here.
Oh, my printer's broken.
Oh, that just won't scan.
Oh, that box is too big.
Oh, that's just not gonna work.
Damn.
I'm sorry.
We made it work.
We called our bullshit and it ended up...
Everything worked out perfectly.
You defeated the negligent store employee?
Yes, we did.
But unfortunately, I had to go on a side quest to a staples
because she just refused to print and affects print and ship.
How could you...
I mean, that is pretty standard for your average printing office place.
They're like one of the classically least helpful group of employees on the planet.
Yeah, I...
I hate her.
Oops, I just got the doorbell ringing too.
One second, everybody.
I have to hold the phone right up to the speaker so I can't...
Just put me on speaker.
You're on speaker?
Next to the speaker.
Yeah, you're right next to the microphone.
Well, it doesn't matter anymore.
I was gonna help you help them.
Oh, I decided to check...
Anyway, it was just a package.
Okay, well, I'm glad that you got what you needed from FedEx.
Glad this worked out.
Yeah, well, I'm gonna be off of streaming it.
Seven, want me to call you then?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, bye-bye.
Goodbye.
I'll talk to you soon.
Okay, bye-bye.
Goodbye.
I love you.
Who am I talking to?
No, that was case.
That was just how I chose to say it.
Oh, okay, that was a little weird.
Yeah, yeah, right.
I don't think I'm gonna say it back because of that.
Oh, damn.
What if I say it like,
I love you.
Oh, yeah, okay, I love you.
Okay.
Guys, I'm showing you how it's done.
That was great stuff.
Thank you.
Okay, I miss you.
I'll see you tomorrow.
And I'll call you in a little bit.
Yeah, I'll see you tomorrow.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Guys, just because...
Just because your girlfriend's not here.
That doesn't mean she can't still appear on the stream.
Don't let any streamer tell you that.
They only say that because they hate their girlfriends.
Not like me.
Who's such a great boyfriend?
Why are you being...
You are being weird.
Jake, you're calling me weird?
You're being weird.
You.
Who are you?
Who's this?
That's me.
Well, it's not.
Yeah, that's me.
Don't worry about it.
It'll look different in the wide.
It's fine.
Let's do a couple more.
We don't have much time.
So, maybe we can get two more out of this.
What the hell?
This better not be porn.
It's close to porn,
but I don't think it features actual genitals,
so we can show it.
It's not a very good way to eat fruit.
I don't think they know how to eat fruit.
You're right.
You're totally right.
They're never gonna get to eat the tasty fruit,
and they ruin that avocado.
Bad job.
Chat also didn't like it at all.
Man, even Jake is calling case weird now.
You're being weird.
You're being really weird.
Okay, I'll take the note.
Great.
Almost a zero.
Didn't quite get there.
What can you do?
Point four.
Chuck E. Cheese.
Chuck E. Cheese.
Well, guys.
It's Chuck E. Cheese.
Let's see how he's doing.
Well, guys.
The Chuck E. Cheese mascot in Tallahassee, Florida
just got arrested on the job
in broad daylight.
This is a tragedy.
I don't even know what to say about this.
I just feel for the kids in there.
Imagine having the best day of your life,
your five years old pizza,
arcade games,
birthday cake,
and then all of a sudden bang.
Before you know it,
you're watching your favorite mouse get unmasked,
cuffed up,
and stuffed into the back of a police cruiser.
That is genuinely enough to ruin a childhood.
Some of these kids might need therapy for a long time
after what they just saw today.
Anyways, I'm not quite sure what our guy here did.
Hopefully it's nothing too bad,
but I'm sure we'll find out soon.
Is that how the mouse looks?
I always thought Chuck E. Cheese
had more of a full mascot look
than just a guy in jeans with a hat.
With, like, a head, you know,
Chuck E. Cheese head.
Also, that guy sounds so much like moist critical.
He's young, blond, moist critical.
I just feel for the kids in there.
Imagine having the best day of your life,
your five years old pizza,
arcade games,
birthday cake,
and then all of a sudden bang.
Before you know it,
you're watching your favorite mouse get unmasked.
You know?
They shut this thing down faster than the FDA
after chugging Chuck E. Cheese cheese grease.
You don't sound like moist critical.
I'm just saying,
if he's used more metaphors,
he could be young, blond, moist critical.
The moistest and the criticalist.
The social manager of Cinnamon Toast Crunch
walked up to us today,
showed us that video,
and said,
I swear, I thought this was you guys.
What?
Kendall is currently working
with various other branded mascots
for her particular company
that also has a branded mascot.
I can't remember if Kendall has divulged
the details of this company to you guys yet, so.
I won't say it, but, um,
that's nuts.
She's working with some interesting people.
I'll put it that way.
It is a mouse.
It's a mouse.
But it's not Disney.
Pinky and the Brain?
They're not a mascot.
They're a mascot for Sky Dance.
Uh, okay.
A mouse that likes letters, yeah.
Does Kendall work for Frosted Flakes?
Can she get me Tony's number?
I like him.
He seems strong.
Oh, that's your thing.
A strong tiger is a good friend.
Yes.
Okay, one more,
and then I gotta call it.
Let's end on something that
honestly doesn't,
it doesn't look like we'll like this.
Okay, you know what?
I'm not gonna show that one.
Let's go, we'll go one up.
It was odd enough that I scrubbed through it.
And then, oh, okay, this is what we can end on.
It looks like this might be the video
of what got this mouse arrested.
Let's, or pre-arrest.
We're doing some journalism.
You're at amongst the web today.
That couldn't have gotten him in trouble, right?
I hope not.
If that got Chucky in trouble,
then there's no justice.
Justice for the Gs.
Was that song also playing?
Probably, I think that might have been added.
Tony's voice was originally Daw Butler or something,
because Hannah Barbera animated those commercials.
Gunshade would know.
Gunshade is a pro in Hannah Barbera knowledge.
Okay, while that one's playing,
we'll end on one more.
While these ratings are coming in.
Let's celebrate her bald brethren
and whatever they're doing.
A little cover, everybody's dunking his head in the sand.
Let's rate that one this way.
I can rate them both ways.
So many noises.
Jake, don't get drunk with power.
It's just angling around pretty mid.
Could it be completely neutral?
Alright, I think this one is as middle of the line as it gets.
If it was a five plus this, it'd be almost perfect.
Who's in the numbers, surprisingly?
Finish, that's fair. It's fair on all accounts.
Alright, sick. That's legitimately all the time we have.
I'll be hanging out with Kassim over on the Patreon
if that's something you're interested in.
Come on by to the cream dot team.
Let's see who I can send a little raid
for this baby stream.
Looks like Christine is on.
I haven't rated Christine in a minute.
Miss Talates.
We rated Gina last night, so we'll mix it up.
It's a family raid.
Family.
Alright, I'll see you all over at the Patreon
if you are so inclined. I gotta rate us right out of here.
Have a beautiful rest of your Thursday.
I will be on tomorrow.
Hopefully a little earlier. Hopefully I don't get stuck
grinding away and I can come on closer to three or four.
So, if you're so inclined, we will see you then.
And if not, we'll see you right now on the Patreon.
Bye-bye, everybody.
Good job, Jake. You did great stuff today.