I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
Hello everybody.
You're being bisected, Kendall.
Oh no.
There we go. I got a text right as I started. Good to see you all.
Democracy is a sake.
That's a nicer way to put it. Democracy is a sake.
Tonight we all drink.
Don't let the fact that I'm drinking this Chick-fil-A Diet Coke make you think that I've come down on a particular ideological side.
It's not the one you think.
Hey, Kendall might watch it with us. I was like, Kendall, do you want to watch this?
She was like, maybe.
I can see that they're warming up for our two Titans of presidenting to come into the arena today.
I couldn't be more excited for these juggernauts.
These absolute juggernauts.
Robert Blackwell was our Christian dad.
That is true.
Oh my god, no!
You're worried about the city?
I do have those assets.
They're locked and loaded.
So supposedly this thing starts at six. I'm just planning to watch it on YouTube.
I have no idea if that will cause some kind of copyright issue.
I don't think so.
I don't know. I think people scream at us all the time.
Yeah, I think the debates are supposed to be open.
I'm sure Hasan is on.
With slightly more viewers, probably.
Honestly, I'm not sure he's on. Maybe he's not.
Yeah, public airwaves.
PBS.
What? Is my screen slightly busy? What do you mean?
Eventually I'm going to add way more of those until my stream literally can't handle it.
Oh my god.
Oh no! She got them!
Okay.
I was considering having Munch and Crumb watch this debate because they are debate experts.
But if Kendall wants to watch it, then maybe we'll watch it just more casually. I don't know.
What's that?
She said mute it.
Kendall just gave me a hot content idea, but it's a secret.
Secret content.
Yeah, they can do the post-debate or maybe they'll weigh in.
Thank you so much, Microphone 900 for the 19 months.
Ooh, and this is 750.
See, Pepito likes cheese.
Listen up, Jack. Microphone 900, just Mama James 750.
I've given this a preview when he's gotten started.
I've been dying to say this.
He's got nothing to say yet. He's keeping those vocal cords loose for tonight.
Doesn't want to burn the voice yet.
Is Gio Boglin there? I mean, there might be some blue hair available.
It fills up the hummus cannon.
It's possible.
It's very possible.
Man, every time I tune into the, we'll call it the traditional news,
I just forget how crazy it looks, even though I based my whole stream on how it looks.
It looks so crazy.
Look, Kendall, we can both fit comfortably into this frame.
Yay!
Pull up a chair.
Well, one of the debates actually starts.
Okay, one of the debates starts.
Oh, she wants to be off-camera.
Well, then maybe she can be off-camera with Munch and Crumb.
Although, maybe that's just too much.
It's just too much to have those two.
Those two maniacs.
We're about five minutes out.
Oh, also, I finally updated our flash balls.
Whoa!
Oh, baby.
Wow.
He does it almost every time now.
Yeah!
Hey, Kendall, you want to be our hype-cap-a-person real quick?
Check it out, it's Kingville.
What's that?
How long do you have to do this?
That was never a time requirement.
This makes me like a totally different color too.
Yeah, there is a lot happening.
I can turn down the music at least.
I just like how Kendall looks.
I also always forget to turn off the looping audio,
so it really creates just a total sense of chaos.
Listen up, Jack.
I'm Jennifer Fonda, just my Mag Mobile.
300 shiny, tasty coins,
and I've been dying to say this...
I'm Donnel Beat, Donnel Duck
with the help of American Patriots King Donald,
and Mike Tram.
Donnel doesn't stand a chance tonight,
his little duck-ass-get-and-beat.
Thank you so much for the subs and cheeses.
Thank you, King-
Oh, no,
now it's King Capitron.
King Capitron.
Yeah, that's his name.
It's not really, this is what I call them. King Kapateron. Thank you so much everyone for the hypes, for the hypes, yeah. That's what they are, they're the hypes.
Um, it's all coming in so fast. Wait, let me catch it up, okay.
Oh my god, we gotta get through this debate in two minutes. I gotta hurry up. Microphone 900, thank you for the 300. Apple for the 100.
Apple to Apple, that is. Skymer for the 100. Metalcast for the community sub. Uncle Phil for the 300 bits. Microphone with the 750 and the 19 months.
Oh my.
And last but definitely not least, coming in with the absolute insanity. How dare that, this is insane.
Rentals. What have you done? Ten community subs. Oh my god.
That's a lot. Man, that's a lot. Really good work. Back to you, case.
Hey, send it back to me.
I haven't watched your stream in such a long time.
You haven't watched my stream in a minute? How could you not?
So many more assets I don't know about.
Okay, we're gonna send it down to Munch and Crumb while we still can because the debate is about to start and we need our experts.
So let's get it over to him. Here's Munch and Crumb.
Yes, turn it up. A hype train still going. Woo!
Apologies for when those little, um, things don't work, the little background things. Not sure why that happens sometimes.
I blame case. He's the one to always blame. And I do. Just so you know. Let's see if I can redeem it for you.
Oh, it's because, I see. Never mind. Because the normal ones didn't turn off.
Anyway, the debate's starting as I immediately talk about tech issues because of you, Crumb. Why are you blaming me?
The debate is starting and we need to get down there. So I don't think we should waste that much time today just ruthlessly yelling at each other.
To be clear, I only ruthlessly yell at you. But yes. Looks like it's about to start.
We are your debate experts and we will be covering this today. Let's see what's going on.
And I do think there is a contrast. And I, it's in my writer that I don't have to appear on the same time as him in a full-screen setting.
And that's why I demanded that we switch these in and out. Just so you know.
Literally scared of me. They're sitting right next to me.
Okay.
I'm drinking Chick-fil-A Diet Coke because I'm not, I'm not afraid. Dispicable. Absolutely despicable.
Oh. Well, that's their job.
Oh. How convenient for us. It's very convenient.
I'm not co- I'm the actual, actually the only moderator. I'm moderating my opinions, which is the one that matters.
And I'm just here to provide a little context. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, bet.
I'll be rebutting his old ass all night long.
And I'll be being impartial. And impartially, one of these candidates is a psychopath that should not be in office.
No props? Also, a debate's been demanded. Will you watch Fiona's movie? I already did. I was in the Ztea May pre-debate movie stream.
I was there, and I had to spend the night with my family. There he is. People say he looks old.
Okay, that's unfortunate timing. That's unfortunate timing that that graphic popped up. That's related to something else.
I'm turning this up.
There he is. Look, I'm on the record of saying I think I should be the candidate. I didn't ask to be. They just should have known.
But, you know, you got to go with the best of two options.
Thanks so much for being here. Let's begin the debate and let's start with the issue that voters consistently say
He looks fit at least. You got to admit he looks fit.
The economy. President Biden, inflation has slowed, but prices remain high.
They both look pretty bad.
Since you took office, the price of essentials has increased. For example, a basket of groceries that cost $100 then now costs more than $120.
And typical home prices have jumped more than 30%.
That's a lot of percent.
What state of voters who feel they are worse off under your presidency than they were under President Trump?
We got to take a look at what I was left when I became president and what Mr. Trump left me.
He's got to work through his voice.
The pandemic was so badly handled. Many people were dying. All he said was it's not that serious.
He's fine. I'm only making this face because he looks so normal.
There were no jobs. Unemployment rate rose to 15%. It was terrible.
Is he dying? Is he going to die tonight?
That's exactly what we began to do.
Oh, no. I think this is already a win for Trump.
What? If she said two words.
No manufacturing jobs, but there's more to be done.
You want to watch Kendall? Get over it.
Working class people are still in trouble.
I come from Scranton, Pennsylvania. I come up household.
We're at a kitchen table.
If the things weren't able to be met during the month, it was a problem.
The price of eggs, the price of gas, the price of...
He did not stop talking.
That's why I'm working so hard to make sure...
Would you like to deal with those problems?
That we're going to make sure that we reduce the price of housing.
We're going to make sure we build 2 million new units.
We're going to make sure we cap rents so corporate greed can't take over the combination.
But I was left with corporate greed for the reason why I'm reading this problem right now.
In addition to that, we're in a situation where...
This is a wild pace he's speaking at.
We have to look at all that was done in his administration.
He didn't do much at all.
By the time he left, there were things that were in chaos.
His eyes have settled down. That's good.
We put things back together. We created those jobs.
We make sure we had a situation where we now...
We're both in parcel tonight for the record.
No, we are not.
It's a $15 for an insulin shot as opposed to $400.
The senior has to pay more than $200 for any drug.
All the drugs they conclude beginning next year.
And the situation is...
We're going to make that available to everybody.
Almost eight crumbs over there in that shot.
The price of the kitchen table.
And that's what we're going to get done.
Look, all old folks are on a couple drugs.
So that's just...
Here we go. Here we go.
We have never done so well.
Everybody was...
Everybody was saying so.
We got hit with COVID.
And when we did, we spent the money necessary.
So we wouldn't end up in a great situation.
Looks good.
Look at that face.
You got to admit he looks good.
He looks like he's having a stroke, too, for the record.
Why is his head so flat tonight?
Look at that flat top.
Did they green-screen out the top of his head?
Is the top of his head always that flat?
You're just used to seeing the most pointy heads
on the planet every time you look in the mirror.
Okay. Well, I thought it a couple of times.
When did you ever think that?
Why is he looking down so much?
President, look up.
Okay, come on.
Oh, never mind. Look back down.
Oh, my God.
I feel the icy fingers of death
every time he stares off into the middle distance.
The idea that he did something that was significant
in the military, you know,
when he was president,
there were still killing people in Afghanistan.
He didn't do anything about that.
When he was president, we still found ourselves
in a position where you had a notion
that we were this safe country.
And now there are no deaths in Afghanistan.
The only president that doesn't have
any this decade that any troops
dying anywhere in the world like he did.
President Trump.
Is it possible to sound older than him?
That powerful flathead.
He said it.
He said, China, drink.
Straight liquor.
China.
Oh, yeah.
Remember, we had all the jobs.
He said they didn't know what they were doing.
And they don't know what they were doing.
It was probably the worst administration.
Punch of people that don't know what they're doing.
He speaks in the regular parlance of the everyday man.
Wait, did he say he also got out?
Did I hear that right?
Did he say he also got out?
How did they both get out?
8.4. He did a better new debt. Well, so far, president Biden, you've approved 4.3 trillion
dollars in new debt. So former president Trump, many of the tax cuts that you signed into law
are set to expire next year. You want to extend them. So far, nothing crazy other than Biden's
initial deadly look trillion dollar deficits and record debt. Wasn't that bad for the
record corporations pay even less in taxes than they do now? Because the tax cuts spurred
the greatest economy that we've ever seen just prior to COVID and even after COVID,
it was so strong that we're able to get through COVID much better than just about
any other country. But we spurred that tax spurred. Now, when we cut the taxes, as
example, when was it the best cut down to the whole time? It was the best. That's
what he's saying. Plus beyond that, we took in more revenue with much less tax
and a couple of million dead people. That happens though with great economy. The
country was going like never before. And we were ready to start paying down
debt. We already start using the liquid gold right under our feet. The oil and gas
right under our feet. We forgot how much liquid gold is under us. We got hit
with COVID. We did a lot to fix it. I gave him an unbelievable situation with
all of the therapeutics and all of the things that we came up with. We gave
him some more people died under his administration, even though we had
largely fixed it. More people died under his administration than our
administration. And we were right in the middle of it, something which a lot of
people don't like to talk about. But he had far more people dying than his
administration. He did the mandate, which is a disaster, mandating it.
The mask mandate? Oh, I didn't realize that was him that did that. How
dare you? And he did a very poor job, just a very poor job. And I will tell
you, not only poor there, but throughout the entire world, we're no
longer respected as a country. There's no way to pull colds in his
logic. And that's why Biden won't be able to. We're like a third world
leadership between weaponization of his election, metal chaos. Do
yourself a favor. You got a hero both sides. We've become like a
third world nation. And it's a shame. The damage he's done to
our country. And I think muting is a fair response. Millions of
people to come in here from prisons, jails and mental
institutions to come into our country and destroy our country.
President Trump, we will do you want to seal up all of our mental
institutions? President Biden, I want to give you an opportunity
to respond to this question about the national debt. He had the
largest national debt of any president for your period. Number
one. Number two, okay, that $2 trillion tax could benefit at
the very wealthy. Oh, please look a little less old. For example,
we had 1000 trillionaires in America. That actually wasn't
a bad point. That's the situation where they in fact
pay 8.2% taxes. If they just paid 24%, 25%, either one of those
numbers, they've raised 500 million dollars. I really feel
like he might die tonight. In a 10 year period, we'd be able
to wipe out. I'm worried about this man. As a decent human,
I'm concerned. Elder care, making sure that we continue
to look fine healthcare system, making sure that we're able
to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've
done. Yeah, folks are hardier than we give them credit for the
COVID. I should be with. Oh, you said it right. Keep going.
Oh,
thank you, President Biden, President Trump. I really thought
he was gonna probably win no matter what. This is actually
pretty bad for him. All of these people are coming in. They're
putting them on Medicare. Social Security. They're gonna
destroy Social Security. This man is going to shoot the one who
can speak in full sentences wins. Why can't I be up there? I
speak in some of the longest sentences. Social Security. He
will wipe out Social Security. He will wipe out Medicare.
Almost no one's watching. Remember that people don't care
that much anymore. What's happened to our country in the
last four years is not to be believed. Far and far. I'm
friends with other people. They cannot believe what
happened to the United States of America. We're no longer
respected. They four years has not been kind to him. Give them
everything they want. And the four years before those four
years were also not kind to him. What we're doing for other
countries and they do nothing for us. What this man has done
is absolutely criminal. Just look alive. If you can. This is
the first presidential election since the Supreme Court
overturned. You did. This morning, the court ruled on
yet another abortion case. Just bring the electricity
out. Sneak it under the cuff of his pants. Frankenstein is
ash awake. Please. Former President Trump, you take credit
for the decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, which returned the
issue of abortion to the states. Correct. However, the
federal government. See that. Please have access to
abortion pills. Killing this man. They're used in about
two thirds of me saying let him stop. I'm actually the
nice one here. Abortion medication. First of all, the
Supreme Court just approved the abortion pill. And I agree
with that. He hasn't mentioned the felony and I will not
block it. And if you look at this whole question that
you're asking a complex look at the whole question 51
years ago, you had Roe v. Wade and everybody wanted to get
it back to the states. Everybody without exception
Democratic Republic. Okay, I didn't know that but
everybody does. Everybody wanted it back religious
leaders. And that's a great point. I didn't realize
everyone wanted that. Justices. No one wanted that. And
they happened to vote in favor. I mean, a couple
Republicans wanted that and moving it back to the
states. This is something that I don't know. He just
said it. So I believe it now. 10 years ago or so, they
started talking about how many weeks and how many
this and getting into other things. But every legal
scholar throughout the world. Exactly, Skymer. We just
learned we all wanted it. Wanted it brought back to
the states. I did that. Now the states are working
out. His mouth closed. It was a decision that was it was
an end result. Listen, I leave an open mouth a lot, but
does Biden's mouth ever close? Kansas, I would say the
same thing. Texas is different. Florida is
different. But they're all making their own decisions
right now. And right now, the states control it.
That's the vote of the people. Like Ronald Reagan, I
believe in the exceptions. I am a person that
believes this unfortunately is not a short film like
Fiona's premier tonight. Some people have a full
length debate. But I can't be more than an hour for
rape incest and the life of the mother. I think it's
very important. Some people don't follow your heart.
But wow, okay, listen, our reason will be exceptions
for rape and incest other things. You got to get
elected. The problem they have is their equivocation.
I don't believe it. Take the life of a child in
the eighth month, the ninth month and even after
birth after birth. If you look at the former
governor of Virginia, he was willing to do this.
He said, we'll put the baby aside and we'll
determine what we do with the baby, meaning we'll
kill the baby. What? What happened is we brought
it back to the states and the country is now
coming together on this issue. It's been a great
thing. Thank you, President Biden. It's been a
terrible thing. Okay, there we go. The fact is
that the vast majority of the consulates and
scholars can't just say stuff right. It was
decided to support it raw. And that was, that's
this idea that Ronald Reagan takes from this
man to speak. And this is the guy who says
the state should be able to have it. We're
in six weeks. You don't even know whether you're
pregnant or not, but you cannot see a doctor
have you and have him decide on what your
circumstances are when you need help. The
idea that states are able to do this is a
little like saying we're going to turn civil
rights back to the states. Let each state
have a different role. Look, there's so many
young women who have been, including a
young woman who just was murdered and he
went to the funeral. He almost had a point
but then he forgot the sentence in the
middle of it. Wait, what? Is that immigration
or abortion? Oh, no. I really think this
actually could do significant damage to
this man. You're overreacting. He just
sounds a little tired. I was pretty 50-50
before this, but one person is actually
saying full sentences without sounding
like they're dying. The other one looks
like they're actively dying in front of
us, but you're talking over, Lex, you
can talk over Trump. And it's a terrible
thing. As far as the abortion is
concerned, it is now back with the
states, the states are voting. In many
cases, it's frankly a very liberal
decision. In many cases, it's the
opposite, but they're voting and it's
bringing it back to the vote of the
people, which is what everybody wanted,
including the founders, if they knew
about this issue, which frankly, they
didn't, but they would have, everybody
wanted brought back, Ronald Reagan
wanted it brought back, he wasn't able
to get it, everybody wanted it brought
back, and many presidents had tried
to get it back. But I didn't. I
definitely didn't. Again, this gives
it the vote of the people. Am I not
everybody? You literally don't count.
So everything he's saying is
accurate. Staying on the topic of
abortion, President Biden, seven states.
It'd be so easy to poke holes in
this. Please, Biden, seven states have
no legal restrictions on how far
stop making this gremlin face and
abortion. Please let your let the
skinner on your nose relax to be able
to terminate a pregnancy. I support it.
Roe v. Wade. Okay, three strong start.
First time is between the woman and
the doctor. Second time is between the
doctor and an extreme situation.
Time is between the doctor.
I mean, between the woman and the
state, the idea that the politicians
that the founders want this is
hair. This is way more entertaining
than I thought it'd be. My woman's
health completely independent of
what he's saying. The last no
politician making a decision. A doctor
should be like I'm watching mega
man's health bar. Just stay at zero
and somehow he's not exploded.
I'm going to restore Roe v. Wade.
He hit the spikes and he's just
standing there. The baby in the
ninth month and even after birth
because some states, Democrat run,
take it after birth. Again, the
governor, former governor of
Virginia, put the baby down, then
we decide what to do with it. So
he's, he's willing to, as we say,
rip the baby out of the womb in the
ninth month and kill the baby. He
could use an e-tank. That is
unfortunately true. Democrat or
Republican. Nobody wants it to
happen. That is simply not true.
The Roe v. Wade does not provide
for that. That's not the
circumstance. Okay, just maybe we
limit him to two sentences. If
she's going to die. That's the
only circumstance once that can
happen. He's doing more than
two. We're not for late term
abortion. Period. Period. Period.
Under Roe v. Wade, you have
late term abortion. You can do
whatever you want. If you really
dig through what Biden's saying
and untangle the sentences, he
is saying stuff that is
generally agreeable, at least in
regards to abortion. Not the
Republicans. No one agrees with
them. We just learned that. 51
years, Constance of
Scholarship said it was the
right way to go. 51 years and
it was taken away because this
guy put very conservative
members on the Supreme Court.
He takes credit for taking it
away. What's he going to do? I
do think it's important to
point out what Lyman Sleazy just
said in chat, because that is
accurate. That is insane what
he said. And the Maga
Republicans control the
Congress and they pass a
universal ban on abortion
period across the board at
60% of what Trump said. Something
very, very conservative. If
you're going to sign that
bill, I'll veto it. He'll sign
it. Thank you. Let's turn
out of the issue of
immigration and border
security. They're doing the
mutes. They're doing the
hard mutes. Migrants have
illegally crossed the southern
border on your watch. Okay,
I'll give Biden credit.
Morphal sentences there that
were slightly trackable. In
some cases causing real
safety and security
concerns. Given that, why
should voters trust you to
solve this crisis? Because
we worked very hard to get a
bipartisan agreement that not
only changed all of that, but
made sure that we are in a
situation where you had no
circumstance where they could
come across the border with
the number of border police
there are now. Thank God
they're both pro strong
borders. By the way, the
board let's be settled down
just a little bit. Endorsed my
position. Don't know why
Democrats have to act
pedal on this, but they are
separating babies from
their mothers, putting them
in cages, making sure they
were the families were
separated. Yeah, that's not
happening anymore. What I've
done since I've changed the
law stop that happened. I've
changed it in a way that now
you're in a situation where
they're 40% fewer people
coming across the border
illegally. It's better when
he left office. And I'm
going to continue to move
until we get the total ban
on the the total initiative
run just to leave it at
total ban to patrol and
rob Alviet. Just cut it
off. Okay, there we go. He
stopped. I don't know what he
said at the end of that
sentence. I don't think he
knows what he said either.
We had the safest border
in the history of our
country. All he had to
do is leave it. All he had
to do is leave it. He
decided to open up our
border, open up our country
to people that are from
prisons, people that are
from mental institutions
in Santa Salad, terrorists,
we have the largest number
of terrorists coming into
our country right now,
all terrorists all over
the world, not just in
Santa Monica. It's so
accurate. They come from
the Middle East
everywhere, all over the
world they're pouring
in. And this guy just
left it open and he didn't
need legislation because
I didn't have legislation.
I said close the border.
We had the safest border
in history in that final
couple of months of my
presidency. We had
according to border patrol
who is great. And by the
way, who endorsed me
for president, but I won't
say that you just
didn't. Brandon, just
speak to him, but we
dropped the Brandon.
He just dropped the
Brandon's border in history.
There's never been anything
like it. He's meaning
out dying all over the
place, including the
people that are coming
up. President Trump,
President Biden, the only
terrorist who's done anything
across the border is one
who came along and killed
three under his
administration, killed
an al-Qaeda person
and his administration.
Oh, my God.
Killed three American soldiers.
This is a little alarming,
I have to say.
It's not that alarming.
He's still mostly speaking.
We're welcoming these people.
That's simply not true.
He doesn't sound that dusty.
He sounds, once again,
he's exaggerating.
He's lying.
Slightly speckled.
You've said that you're
going to carry out, quote,
the largest domestic
deportation operation
in American history, unquote.
Does that mean that
the Democrats want Trump to win?
Is that why we did this to ourselves?
I can't quite remember
if I got an email or something.
Our citizens,
and including those who have
lived here for decades.
And if so, how will you do it?
And I just want to say
they are only three years apart.
That's true.
The people we killed
right three years.
Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani,
the two greatest
terrorist, biggest terrorist
anywhere in the world.
And it had a huge impact
on us.
It's also wild that Trump
sounds on everything.
Technically, he's the one
to kill people.
Slightly more alert.
Hundreds of thousands
of people dying and also
killing our citizens
when they come in.
We we are living right now
in a rats nest.
Yeah, that's in check in New
York or finally back
to democracy because we don't
have borders anymore.
Every seven is indeed because
of his ridiculous, insane
and very stupid policies.
People are coming in
and they're killing our
citizens at a level
that we've never seen.
We call it my.
Yeah, we need some people
to smoke, potentially.
They're killing our citizens
at a level that we've never
seen before.
And you're reading it
like these three incredible
young girls over the last few
days.
One of them had just
spoke to the mother
and he just had the funeral
for this girl.
Twelve years old.
Oh, this must be some Fox
news story they've been
peddling or something taking
place in our country.
We're literally I literally
don't know what he's
talking about.
He doesn't want it to be.
He just doesn't know.
He opened the borders.
Nobody's ever seen anything
and we have to get a lot
of these people out
and we have to get them out
fast because they're going to
destroy our country.
For Maudeep,
I think, unfortunately,
that's Baron Trump in this
case in New York City
and other I mean,
fortunately, sorry, veterans
are on the street.
God bless our sweet, sweet
about our six foot five
Maudeep military at all.
And he doesn't care about
our veterans.
Nobody's been worse.
I had the highest approval
rating for veterans
taking care of the VA.
He has the worst.
He's gotten rid of all
the things that I approved
choice that I got
through Congress.
All of the different things
I approved, they abandoned.
We had by far the highest
and now it's down in less
than half because he's done
all these great things
that we did.
And I think he did it just
because I approved it, which
is crazy.
But he has killed so many
people at our border
by allowing all of these people
to come in.
President Biden?
And it's a very sad day.
President Biden, you have
the mic.
Every single thing
he said is a lie.
Every single one.
For example, veterans are
a hell of a lot better off
since I passed the Pact Act.
What?
He's making a point.
Just listen.
Their families have it
because whether it was
Agent Orange or the Pact
Pits, they're all being covered
now.
And he opposed his group
opposed that.
We're also in a situation
where we have great respect
for veterans.
My son spent a year in Iraq.
Yeah, the Pact Act.
One of those veterans
came back with
state-of-the-art
I was recently in.
It's one of its names.
He's just saying it right.
France for a D-Day.
And I spoke all about those
heroes that died.
I went to the World War Two
Cemetery.
I'm watching a horror movie.
The World War One Cemetery
refused to go to.
The call is coming from
inside his pacemaker.
This is insane.
I don't want to go in there
because there are
bunch of losers and suckers.
My son was not a loser.
He was not a sucker.
You're the sucker.
You're the loser.
President Trump.
First of all, that was a made-up quote.
Suckers and losers.
They made it up.
It was in the third red
magazine that's failing,
like many of these magazines.
He made that up.
He put it in commercials.
We've notified him.
We had 19 people that said
I didn't say it.
And think of this.
Who would say?
Well, 19 people didn't hear it.
It's true.
He didn't say it.
We didn't talk to our veterans
because nobody's taken.
19 people who didn't hear it
have confirmed.
And he brought it up.
There's nobody that's taken
better care of ourselves.
He didn't kind of look like he
was going to bite his hair.
I think that I would, in front
of generals and others, say,
suckers and losers.
This is kind of good.
They're talking about this.
It was never said by me.
The fact that they're talking
about it means some people
are going to believe it.
Just like the 51.
Kind of a win for Joe.
Agents are made up.
Just like the new thing
with the 16 economists are
talking.
It's the same thing.
He didn't grab any soldiers
by the pussy.
That's not what he's accused
of saying.
I'm just saying he didn't do
that.
So give him a break.
No soldiers were grabbed
by the pussy.
It wasn't Russia disinformation.
He made up the suckers and
losers.
He should apologize to be
right now.
Four-star general standard side
was on your staff who said
you said it, period.
That's number one.
And number two, the idea.
He just needs to keep talking
about this.
This is the best he's been.
For anything along the line.
We've done more for veterans
than any president has ever.
OK, stop talking.
You're at your word limit.
American history.
And now it's a 20-word limit.
The only sacred obligation
we have as a country
is to care for our veterans
when they come home
and their families
and equip them when they go to war.
That's what we're doing.
That's what the VA is doing now.
They're doing more for veterans
than ever before in our history.
All right, thank you so much.
Trump just made a pretty funny face.
Foreign policy.
I want to begin with Russia's war
against Ukraine, which is now
in its third year.
You're still capable of being
shocked in that case, brother.
Me, too, I really didn't expect
to be shocked by this debate.
But there's been some surprising
elements in the Ukrainian
territory it has already claimed.
And Ukraine abandons its bid
to join NATO.
Are Putin's terms acceptable to you?
First of all, our veterans
and our soldiers can't stand this guy.
They can't stand them.
They think he's the worst commander-in-chief
if that's what you call them
that we've ever had.
They can't stand him.
So let's get that straight.
I'm just saying the look
at Biden's eyes is sending
an electric signal into my body
and that face he just made.
Information.
As far as Russia and Ukraine,
if we had a real president,
I feel like he's going to do
the eye thing from Pans Labyrinth.
I just didn't expect it to look this bad.
He doesn't look that bad.
President, move your face.
President, move your face.
More than people know.
Mr. President, please, please no.
Don't just move the body.
Move the face.
OK, there we go.
It moves, see?
There's nothing to stop it.
In fact, I think he encouraged Russia
from going in.
OK, move it again.
You've got to move it every couple of seconds.
Sir?
Sir, please.
OK, there we go.
It's an embarrassing moment
in the history of our country
that when Putin watched that
and he saw the incompetence
that he should have fired those generals
like I fired the one that you mentioned.
He could use that Kirby skin.
He's got no love loss.
But he should have fired those generals.
At least everything Trump is saying
is incredibly inane and stupid.
The most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.
It literally just feels like I'm hearing him just
a wherever of pointless words coming out of his mouth.
I'm talking over it.
You're literally not missing anything.
Soldiers were obliterated.
And by the way, we left people.
Quiet.
We left American citizens behind.
Quiet.
When Putin saw that, he said, you know what?
I think we're going to go in and maybe take my.
This is his dream.
I talked to him.
He had a word geektastic.
I am a geektastic.
I never would have been surmounted my own internal demons
and returned stronger than ever.
Just like Israel would have never been invaded
in a million years by Hamas.
You know why?
Because Iran was broke with me.
I wouldn't let anybody do business with them.
They ran out of money.
They were broke.
They had no money for Hamas.
They had no money for anything.
No money for terror.
That's why you had no terror at all during my administration.
This place, the whole.
I remember that.
There was no terror.
No one felt a sense of terror.
Y'all remember that?
That was so nice.
The fact of the matter is that one of the most
incendiary and contentious presidencies of all time.
American troops kill or cause brain damage
for a number of these troops.
I would say that.
Mr. President, I would say that word.
Recently, when he was president, they were they attacked.
He said they're just having headaches.
That's all it is.
He didn't do a thing when they attacked.
Kendall's taking a break.
Number two, we got over 100,000 Americans and others
out of Afghanistan during that airlift.
Number three, we found ourselves in a situation
where if you take a look at what Trump did
in Ukraine, he's this guy told Ukraine told Trump,
do whatever you want to do whatever you want.
Kendall said, we're good.
That's exactly what Trump did.
Yeah, we're cooking up a new president and he went in that,
you know, he's got some rough edges.
But we'll see.
I remember because it's part of the old Soviet Union.
That's oh, God, Keith, and he, in fact, didn't do it at all.
He didn't win able to get it done.
And they've lost over.
They've lost thousands and thousands of troops.
Five hundred thousand troops.
Is this longer than 30 minutes?
Because they could just they could stop now go back
to my original question, which is, are Putin's terms
accepted? It's Jover keeping the title.
I like that.
Don't make don't make that a thing.
But look, this is a war that never should have started.
If we had a leader in this run, he let everybody along.
He's given two hundred billion dollars now or more to Ukraine.
He's given two hundred billion dollars.
That's a lot of money.
I don't think there's ever been anything like it.
Every time that Zelensky comes to this country,
he walks away with sixty billion dollars.
He's the greatest salesman ever.
And I'm not knocking him.
I'm not knocking anything.
I'm only saying the money that we're spending on this war
and we shouldn't be spending.
It should have never happened.
I will have that war.
I don't think you should look that far down and Zelensky.
Yeah, I take it back before I look up.
Don't look down this position for your head.
People being in that general strike zone needlessly.
So stupidly, and I will get it settled
and I'll get it settled fast before I take office before.
Wow, before he takes office, Putin is a war criminal.
He's killed thousands and thousands of people.
And he has made one thing clear.
He wants to reestablish what was part of the Soviet Empire,
not just a piece that wants all of Ukraine.
That's what he wants.
And then you think you'll stop there.
Do you think you'll stop when he if he takes Ukraine?
What do you think happens to Poland?
What do you think of Belarus?
What do you think happens to those NATO?
Which country was that, Biden?
So if you want a war, Belarus,
find out what he's going to do because of the fact he does,
but he says and walks away.
By the way, all that money we give Ukraine
and from weapons we make here in the United States,
we give them the weapons, not the money at this point.
And our NATO allies have produced as much free weapons.
Actually, he's given them free weapons.
That's why those don't cost money.
Thank you. Moving on to the Middle East.
In October, Hamas attacked Israel,
killing more than a thousand people
and taking hundreds of hostages.
Among those held and thought to still be alive
are five Americans.
Israel's response has killed thousands of Palestinians
and created a humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
Oh, time for them to distinguish themselves
on their varied positions here.
You'd be surprised. I think you'd be surprised.
So far, Hamas has not released the remaining hostages.
And Israel is continuing its military offensive in Gaza.
So what additional...
They're just gently wading into this territory?
So just give them a little time.
...to end the war. You have two minutes.
Number one.
Every one from the United Nations Security Council
straight through to the G7 to the Israelis
and Netanyahu himself have endorsed the plan
that put forward, endorsed the plan that put forward,
which has three stages to it.
The first stage is to treat the hostages
for a ceasefire.
The second phase is a ceasefire with additional conditions.
The third phase is the end of the war.
The only one who wants the war to continue is Hamas.
Number one.
You got like the third one, at least.
They're still pushing hard to get them to accept.
In the meantime, what's happened?
In Israel, we're trying to say...
The only thing I've denied Israel was 2,000-pound bombs.
About step two was profit.
Populated areas. They killed a lot of innocent people.
We're providing Israel with all the weapons they need
and by the way, I'm the guy that organized the war against Iran
when they had a full-blown intercontinental ballistic missile
attack on Israel.
No one was hurt.
No one, one Israeli was accidentally killed
and it stopped.
We saved Israel.
We are the biggest producer.
Someone run out and give them the fucking pulp fiction
shot to the heart.
He needs to oom a thurman himself, stat.
Not allowed to be continued.
We continue to send our experts and our intelligence people
as to how they can get Hamas like we did Ben Laden.
You don't have to do it.
And by the way, they've been greatly weakened, Hamas.
Greatly weakened and they should be.
They should be eliminated.
But you've got to be careful for using certain weapons
among population centers.
Let's get back to Ukraine for one second.
We have an ocean separating us.
The European nations together have spent $100 billion
or maybe more than that, less than us.
Why doesn't he call them?
So you've got to put up your money like I did with NATO.
I got them to put up hundreds of billions of dollars.
The Secretary General of NATO said,
Trump did the most incredible job I've ever seen.
You wouldn't, they wouldn't have any,
they were going out of business.
I didn't know that either.
That's incredible.
100%.
Incredible, that true thing he just said.
He didn't do that.
He's getting all, you've got to ask these people
to put up the money.
We're over $100 billion more spent
and it has a bigger impact on them because of location,
because we have an ocean in between.
You've got to ask them as far as Israel.
So you're clear, also sounding like Biden Trump?
Israel's the one that wants to go.
He said the only one that wants to keep going is Hamas.
Actually, Israel is the one.
And you should let him go and let him finish the job.
He doesn't want to do it.
He's become like a Palestinian,
but they don't like him
because he's a very bad Palestinian.
He's a weak one.
President Biden, do you have a minute?
I've never heard so much foolishness.
This is the guy who wants to get out of NATO.
Are you going to stay in NATO?
If you're going to pull out of NATO,
the idea that we're going to be able to
capitalize on our alliances as well,
and maybe a bigger-
I did not expect that insult.
Is that even an insult?
What happened to-
I mean, the weak part, I guess.
Putin continued to go into NATO.
We have an Article 5 agreement.
Attack on one is attack on all.
I can think of other reasons Palestinians
might not like Biden
other than him being weak.
Disgusted by his weakness.
It's a battle of who would blow the place up more.
And so far, they're actually both winning.
Disgusting.
It's a disgusting thing to say, man.
It's a disgusting thing they're doing, right?
No major war in Europe has ever been able to be contained just to Europe.
President Trump, just to follow up,
would you support the creation of an independent Palestinian state
in order to achieve peace in the region?
I'd have to see.
But before we do that, the problem we have
is that we spend all the money.
So they kill us on trade.
I made great trade deals.
This is a man who knows how not to pay for things.
Because if you look them up,
they're about the same size economically.
The secret is don't pay people.
They're about the same size as the United States.
And they were no cars.
No.
They don't want anything that we have.
But we're supposed to take their cars,
their food, their everything, their agriculture.
I change that.
But the big thing I change is they don't want to pay.
And the only reason that he can play games with NATO
is because I got them to put up hundreds of billions of dollars.
I said, and he's right about this.
I said, no.
I'm not going to support NATO if you don't.
Mental tasks.
He's just saying he's giving us new information
that we didn't have before.
He's educating us on the presidency
that he had that we all have forgotten about.
Nations at that time.
And I said, no, if you don't pay, I won't do that.
And you know what happens?
Israel's cars?
Billions and billions of dollars
keep going until next day and next month.
But now we're in the same position.
We're paying everybody's bills.
Let's turn to the issue of democracy.
Former President Trump, I want to ask you about January 6,
2021 after you rallied your supporters that day.
Some of them should be a place to score some points.
No, this is a total dead end.
The battle lines are already drawn
and people have moved on in the middle.
Y'all remember how good the border was on January 6?
Oh, yeah, those sweet, sweet low taxes.
On January 6, we respected all over the world.
All over the world, we respected.
And then he comes in and we're now left at.
We're like a bunch of stupid people.
What happened to the United States' reputation
under this man's leadership is including weaponization,
which I'm sure at some point you'll be talking about,
where he goes after his political opponent
because he can't beat him fair and square.
How was that a dodge?
He just brought up the reality of January 6.
We had perfect borders, no taxes, and everybody loved us.
Does anyone remember the Trump years?
They were only four plus years ago.
He didn't ignore it.
He just lightly reminded us of other aspects of reality.
Context, y'all.
What is he talking about?
Is there's a question about January 6th?
Please, Biden.
There's so many ways you could sound good here.
Dig deep.
I could see what was happening.
Everybody was saying they're going to be there on January 6.
They're going to be there.
And I said, you know what?
There's a lot of people coming.
You could feel it.
You could feel it, too.
And you could feel it.
And I said, they ought to have some National Guard or whatever.
And I offered it to her.
Close it up by talking about Hannibal Lecter.
The late great.
Y'all remember January 6th?
The late great Hannibal Lecter was at a movie playing on TNT.
President Biden?
Look, he encouraged those folks to go up on Capitol Hill.
Number one.
I would just say it.
I sat in that dining room off.
But breath behind it.
She sat there for three hours.
Three hours watching, begging, being begged by his vice president
and a number of his colleagues in the Republican side as well
to do something, to call for a stop, to end it.
Instead, he talked.
Don't get him on the beautiful boaters.
Patrons and great patrons of America.
In fact, he says he'll not forgive them for what they've done.
They've been convicted.
He says he wants to commute their sentences and say no.
He went to every single court in the nation.
I don't know how many cases, scores of cases.
Just to run a hunter.
Can we just run a hunter?
As they said.
Oh, see, I knew this was coming.
This guy.
It should mean we should take him in there.
Nobody notices.
They're related.
It was done.
He did do a damn thing.
And these people should be in jail.
And they should be.
The ones are being held accountable.
And he wants to let them all out.
And now I think this is drugged up, Biden.
I think this is the best they can do now.
It could be a bloodbath.
Thank you, President Biden.
President Trump?
Well, they've done to some people that are so
innocent.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
What you have done, how you've destroyed
the fire phase, y'all.
When they ripped down Portland.
When they ripped down many other cities,
say you go to Minnesota, Minneapolis,
what they've done there with the fires
all over the city.
If I didn't bring in the.
That's a good point, Shaggy,
but someone didn't make it.
Someone could have made it.
They took over big chunks.
And they're not.
I was all set to bring in the National Guard.
They heard that.
They saw them coming and they left.
Immediately, what he said about this whole
subject is so off peacefully.
Pedro, one other thing they should,
they should absolutely face swap him committee,
which is just anybody to horrible Republicans
that are all deep fake him out of office.
He does that shit all the time.
They destroyed and deleted.
It gets a lot of information.
They found because they found out.
Man hates case.
We were right and they deleted and
destroyed all of the information.
They should go to jail for that.
If a Republican did that,
they go to thank you, President Trump,
President Biden, how did that end with
Biden saying Biden should go to jail?
He likes that.
He liked that.
Simply not true.
The fact is that there is no effort on his part
to stop what was going on up in Capitol Hill.
And all those people,
every one of those who have convicted
deserves to be convicted.
The idea that they didn't kill somebody
just went in and broke down doors,
broke the window.
It's exciting to see a president do the
dazed and confused nod.
That being called a felon.
He said stand down.
I'm going to give you a minute,
President Trump, for a follow-up question I have.
After a jury convicted you of 34 felonies last month,
you said you had to give it up for these
moderators for keeping such a straight face.
It's hard not to cough when you're
smelling a tire fire.
And they are just holding their noses.
Can you clarify exactly what it means
about you feeling you have every right
to go after your political opponents?
Well I said my retribution is going to be success.
We're going to make this country successful again
because right now it's a failing nation.
My retribution is going to be success.
But when he talks about a convicted felon,
his son is a convicted felon.
I forgot how fast we failed.
At a very high level, his son is convicted.
Going to be convicted probably numerous other times.
Should have been convicted before,
but his justice...
Oh my God, Biden, close your mouth, man.
The statute of limitations laps
on the most important thing.
Oh geez, he really does need to.
As soon as he gets out of office,
Joe could be a convicted felon
with all of the things that he's done.
He's done horrible things.
All of the death causes...
Which ones?
...the border, telling the Ukrainian people
that we're going to want a billion dollars
or you change the prosecutor.
Otherwise you're not getting a billion dollars.
If I ever said that, that's quid pro quo.
That we're not going to do anything.
We're not going to give you a billion dollars
unless you change your prosecutor
having to do with the son.
For the record, Trump sounds like a fucking idiot here.
You're lucky, you're lucky.
I did nothing wrong.
It sucks that the headline here
is going to be how old Biden looks
because everything Trump's saying
is actually crazy.
Yeah, but you can tell what he's saying.
That's the problem.
I mean, it doesn't make a ton of sense,
but you can tell what the words are.
Since when do we not love fucking idiots, metal chaos?
You remember Frank the Tank?
From old school?
He's real dumb, but he's lovable.
Number three, the crimes that you are still charged with,
and think of all the civil problems you have.
How many billions of dollars do you owe
in civil penalties for molesting a woman in public,
for doing no home range of things,
of having sex with a porn star on the night
while your wife was pregnant?
What are you talking about?
You have the morals of an alley cat.
Do you remember that, sir?
Of an alley cat.
Sex with a porn star, number one.
Number two, that was a case that was started...
Oh, what?
Trump, why would you admit that?
High-ranking official, the DA...
That's half of your riz, man.
The DA's office to start that case.
Okay, that was a slip-up from Trump.
He should never admit that he didn't have sex.
We had a very terrible judge, a horrible judge, Democrat.
The prosecutor, we're all high-ranking Democrats.
That's a real rookie movie.
He is going to lose a couple votes off that.
That's unfortunate.
And the criminal.
He basically went after his political opponent
because he thought it was going to damage me,
but when the public found out about these cases,
because they understand it better than he does,
he has no idea what these cases are.
But what he...
Yeah, he went with the old...
I didn't even put it inside her defense.
My code numbers went up way up.
You know that because you're reporting it.
And we took in more money in the last two weeks
than we've ever taken in the history of any campaign.
I don't think any campaign has ever taken.
Hundreds of millions of dollars came pouring in
because the public knows it's a scam
and it's a guy that's after his political opponent
because he can't win fair and square.
Thank you, President Trump.
President Biden, you have said, quote,
Donald Trump...
At least Biden looks upset.
...are determined...
I can relate to that part.
I think that's strong for Biden that he looks really upset.
...who are likely to vote for President Trump
will be voting against American democracy?
The more they know about what he's done, yes.
The more they know about what he's done.
And there's not more coming.
He's got a lot of cases down the road coming around.
He's got a whole range of...
He's got a lot more cases coming around.
I think that's what he said.
But I do know he has a real problem.
And so the fact...
He's listening to him for some reason making me cough.
...that I'm going to seek retribution.
Do you ever hear any of the presidents say that
I thought Hitler had some good ideas?
What got me involved around the first place
after my son died and decided in Iraq because of Iraq?
I said I wouldn't...
Because of Iraq?
...until I saw what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia.
People coming out of the woods carrying swastikas
torches and singing the same anti-Semitic bile
they sang when they were back in Germany.
And the young woman got killed.
They spoke to the mother.
And they asked him.
They said, what do you think of those people?
The people who...
The ones who got killed.
The one who tried to stop it.
And the ones who said,
I think they're fine people on both sides.
What American president would ever say,
Nazis coming out of fields carrying torches,
singing the same anti-Semitic bile,
carrying swastikas, or fine people?
And this is the guy...
We're talking about Charlottesville?
Yes, that did happen in Charlottesville.
Where Case went to school, by the way.
He going after Case now?
Oh, he just went to UVA.
Jake, both of you know that...
Not at the time.
...the shirts were totally wiped out
because when you see the sentence,
it said 100% exoneration on this.
So he just keeps it going.
He says he ran because...
That's what Crumb tried to say.
...because of Charlottesville.
He ran because it was his last chance.
He's not equipped to be president.
You know it and I know it.
It's ridiculous.
We have a debate.
We're trying to justify his presidency.
His presidency...
Without question,
the worst president...
The worst presidency...
He was in Chicago for the record.
We shouldn't be having...
When the Charlottesville stuff happened.
He just went there.
He made up the Charlottesville story.
And you'll see it's debunked...
Made up.
...for the place.
I mean, he did.
...and every anchor has to...
Every reasonable anchor...
Don't go back and watch any videos of that event.
It was all made up.
...where it was fully debunked.
It's a nonsense story.
He knows...
Wow.
This is a strong move from the president.
Just...
...he used that as an excuse to...
Contort reality to your needs.
...president bun.
It's a strong move.
...it happened.
All you have to do is listen to what was said at the time.
Oh.
And the...
Oh, God, he's eating you.
He's eating you.
...that's the only reason I ran.
I ran because I was worried about this guy being elected.
If he thought they were good people,
coming out of that forest,
carrying those...
Worse.
...carrying those torches that he didn't deserve to be president.
Didn't deserve to be president at all.
And the idea that he's talking about
all this being fabricated,
we saw it in our own eyes.
We saw what happened on January...
That is really crazy that he just...
In the context of what he said,
it sounds like he said
Charlottesville was made up.
Look, there's a reason why
40 of his 44 top cabinet officers
refused to endorse him this time.
His vice president hasn't endorsed him this time.
So why?
Why?
They know him well.
They serve with him.
Why are they not endorsing him?
That's a very good point, actually.
President Biden, we're gonna be right back for more
from the CNN presidential debate.
Yeah, we're taking a break, y'all.
I mean, we're not.
We're just getting fucking cooking, actually.
Give it up for that incredible debate we just saw.
Give it up for that.
Wow.
Oh my God.
A nice little break for us.
A little sanity break.
You feeling like you're maintaining your sanity?
Well, okay.
Biden had some moments there.
He had some, I guess, what could be
gently called senior moments.
And that will, unfortunately,
probably be a big headline coming out of this.
I do think the bigger headline should be
the actually psychotically destructive things
that Trump is saying.
Oh, what did he even say?
What did he say that was so bad?
Right at the end there.
Denying that events that very publicly
happened happened.
Completely refusing to admit
that he stoked an insurrection.
Oh, it was like a tour of the Capitol.
He stoked like a group tour of the Capitol.
You saw the pictures.
Yeah, some people were between the ropes.
Everyone likes to act like it wasn't a big deal,
even though several people died on the day.
It was like, you know,
he didn't deny that Charlottesville exists.
Maybe he was confused.
Maybe he was thinking about a different day.
Maybe he was just thinking about like,
co-eds, streaking the lawn or whatever.
Do we need a therapist?
It's been a troubling thing to watch.
Kendall, any thoughts?
Let's go to our secondary expert, Kendall.
What?
Any thoughts on the debate so far?
Just watch that.
Could you just lean in?
Have you ever put two eggs
on a very hot piece of pavement in the summertime
in a very hot place?
I haven't done that.
What happens?
They get cooked.
Oh, we're cooked.
We're cooked.
That's our color commentator, Kendall.
Letting us know that we're cooked.
It's hard to disagree with.
I do feel like the heat is rising
and only the strong will be fried.
They are both old.
That's another thing.
They're both old.
Who do you think came off older, though?
What do you who do you think?
I thought I just-
The person was dementia.
Well, there you go.
There you go.
An impartial voice.
She's not coming down on any side.
Kendall, I believe coming down on the Democratic side
for the record.
Well, but with that being said,
I think they both came off as quite old.
I think one of them is a slightly more
loquacious old and the other one is a, you know,
it's like one of those fire stokers.
You know, you got to squeeze them
to get a couple of words out.
But some of those words were not bad.
It's just so much easier to be on my side.
Everybody's come over to my side.
It's a little scary, sure.
We openly admit to war crimes and stuff,
and you know, we hate a lot of people,
but at least we're consistent.
Come on, a little consistency feels good.
Like a bath that stays warm.
Then have a weird cold spot.
If we're cooked, then we're high protein.
High in protein.
There you go.
I mean, cooking was one of the things that
brought us out of the caves.
The words were right, but Christ,
he couldn't clap back if he was playing
patty cake.
Yeah.
I would like to see him play patty cake.
That would be a good test of his mental
faculties because that game is actually,
you know, it takes a lot out of you.
You got to remember several words
and a series of claps.
Don't do my voice.
Sorry.
Sometimes I like to guess what you're
going to say.
You can quote Munch on anything,
he says.
That's true.
I've never backed down from anything
I've ever said, except for the things
I didn't that were faked,
which is some of them.
And also some of the stuff that
happened didn't happen for the record.
And that was proven tonight.
That was a bold strategy from Trump.
Stuff that happened, uh-uh.
You can't just, okay, well, it looks
like they're getting back into it.
It does look like they're getting
back into it.
Let's return to the debate room floor.
The second term, President Biden,
while black unemployment dropped
to a record low under your presidency,
black families still earn far less
than white families.
Black mothers are still three
times more likely to die
for pregnancy-related causes,
and black Americans are imprisoned
at five times the rate of white Americans.
What do you say-
They're angling this at Biden
for some reason.
They're both getting the question,
ultimately.
You made a lot of progress, number one.
Oh, you made progress.
You made more small black businesses
than you started at any time in history.
Number two, the wages of black-
That's true, Commander Geb, I am.
Oh, my God.
We're not getting into that today.
Number three, we're fighting housing
for black Americans,
and dealing with segregation
that exists among these-
I don't support this for the record.
It just was what was available today.
To keep people out of their houses.
And in addition to that,
we find that the impact of-
on the choice that black families
have to make relative to child care
is incredibly difficult.
When we did the first major piece
of legislation in the past,
I was able to reduce
black child care costs.
I'll fine.
If Biden teen walls out,
then I will also change
my vote, Reverend Wolf.
So you're admitting you're voting for Trump?
I probably just won't vote.
Because, you know, I'm not on the ticket.
That's my stance.
I don't vote unless I'm running.
Terrible.
Another terrible thought.
You have 49 seconds left.
What do you say to black voters
who are disappointed with the progress so far?
Oh, yeah.
Throw your vote away on a worm,
live in Sleiji.
For example, I provided for the idea
that any black family,
first-time homebuyer,
should get a 10,000-
You know, normally that would be
true smoke packs.
But polling would suggest
there's a chance that
Biden actually wins the electoral college
and loses the popular vote this time.
That's abstraction there.
There's no telling that that'll happen.
That literally could happen.
Anything you have to do with volunteerism,
if they paid their bills
for 10 years until student debt,
all the rest is forgiven after 10 years.
Minutes of benefit from that.
And we're going to do a whole lot more
for black families.
Thank you, President Trump.
And he caused the inflation.
He's blaming inflation.
He leaned in for it.
And he said it's been very bad.
He caused the inflation
and it's killing black families.
He's using the word bad a lot.
That's smart.
Things are very bad.
Stuff is bad.
He did bad.
I can track those kinds of words.
You look at the cost of food
where it's doubled
and tripled and quadrupled.
I think Joe's actual words
have been improving
in about the last 25 minutes.
But he does unfortunately sound
like the rasping of a mummy.
It was perfect.
It was so good.
All he had to do is leave it all out.
Those are his words, not mine.
He destroyed it with his very new scam.
And all of the other,
all this money that he brought up.
It's hard to describe
because it sounds so otherworldly.
As sure as you're sitting there,
the fact is that
his big kill on the black people
is the millions of people
that he's allowed to come in
through the border.
They're taking black jobs now.
And it could be 18.
It could be 19
and even 20 million people.
They're taking black jobs
and they're taking Hispanic jobs.
And you haven't seen it yet.
I would love to hear what Trump
thinks of as black jobs.
What does Trump have
under the list of black jobs?
There was no inflation
when I became president.
You know why?
The economy was flat on its back.
50% unemployment.
He decimated the economy.
Absolutely decimated the economy.
That's why there was no inflation
at the time.
There were no jobs.
We provided thousands
of millions of jobs
for individuals
who were in ball communities,
including minority communities.
We made sure
that they have health insurance.
We have covered,
if the ACA has increased,
I made sure that they're
$8,000 per person
in a family
to get written off
for the healthcare.
But this guy wants to eliminate that.
They try 50 times.
He wants to get rid of the ACA again.
And they're going to try again
if they win.
You find ourselves
in a position where
the idea
that we're not doing anything,
I put more,
we put more police on the street
than any minister can handle.
You think the car is moving
and then it just hits
a bunch of potholes
back to back.
Equity.
Equity in making sure
people have a shot to make it.
There's a lot going on.
But in inflation,
he caused it.
I think
Trump takes this one
because he did say
black jobs more.
And that makes Biden
sound anti-black jobs.
What the hell are black jobs?
The fact you even have to ask
that shows that you don't know.
23 was the hottest
and you don't understand
black people.
in history and communities
across the country.
Black Steve jobs.
The devastating effects
of extreme heat,
intensifying like a South Park
character or something.
like a South Park character or something.
and rising sea levels.
Former President Trump,
you've vowed to end
your opponent's climate
initiatives.
But will you take
any action as president
to slow the crisis?
Possible.
Let me just go back
to what he said
about the police.
How close the police are to him.
Almost every police group
in the nation.
We can talk to AI Biden
after this if we'd like to.
He's supporting Donald J. Trump.
Almost every police group.
And what he's done to the black
What a ringing recommendation.
is horrible, including the fact
that for 10 years
he called the police
if you love the police
unequivocally.
We can't forget that.
This is your president.
Super predators was his name.
And he called it to him
for 10, and they've taken
great offense at it.
Except the capital police?
Well, they failed.
They're failed.
They actually failed police.
for criminal justice reform.
And for the historically
black colleges
and universities
where I funded them
and got them all funded
and the opportunity zones
with and also Sting's police
have not endorsed him.
Unfortunately did a great job.
Great senator
from South Carolina.
He came to me with the idea
and it was a great idea.
I can't believe how much
I have to listen to this guy
talk still.
Development acts.
Four years later
the fact we still have to
listen to this
and the big starting
to make me feel a little
crazy.
And that's why
we have the best numbers
with them in.
Yes. And he is not answering
the question saying ever
I read this morning
wherever the best
numbers.
He's lost much of the black
population
because he's where
where'd they go?
to black people.
He's also done a horrible job
for.
Y'all remember when
Biden misplaced
a huge portion of
the black population
boring into our country
going to take the jobs
and it's already started
and you haven't seen
anything yet.
It's a disaster.
It's one black friend
died from COVID.
Exactly.
He knows the pain
of losing a black friend
who had a black job.
So I want
absolutely immaculate
clean water
and I want absolutely
clean air.
How are you going to
disagree with this?
We had H2O.
We had the best numbers
ever.
And we did.
We were using
all forms of energy
all forms
everything.
And yet
during my four years
I had the best
environmental numbers.
I kind of hope
for that microphone.
I heard that
the environmental people
gave me that statistic.
Move the needle a little
on the stage actually.
I don't know where
the hell he's been.
The idea
the name that he said is
true.
I passed the most
extensive
most extensive climate
change legislation
in history.
In history.
We find ourselves
and by the way
black colleges
I came up with
$15 million for
HBC
the historic black
universities and
colleges
because they don't have
them.
They don't have the
kind of contributors
that they have
to build
these laboratories and
the like.
Any black student
is capable and
he's back to black
students.
They just have
the money.
But now they'll be able to
get those
jobs.
I think he's on the
environment.
In a situation
where the idea that
he is
claiming
to have done something
that had the cleanest
water.
The cleanest water.
What?
He had done a
damn thing
in the environment.
He
out of the Paris peace
court
common court
I immediately joined
him.
Okay.
Because if we
you've got to ignore
some of the
degree Celsius
and there's no
leaking.
And he's making some
points.
His climate change
and he didn't do
a damn thing
about it.
He must undo
all that I've done.
The Paris Accord
was going to cost us
a trillion dollars
and China nothing
and Russia nothing
and India nothing.
It was a rip off
of the United States.
And I ended it
because I didn't want to
waste that money
because they treat us
horribly.
We were the only ones
who was costing us
money.
Nobody else
was paying into it.
And it was
it was a disaster.
But everything that
he said just now
I'll give you an
example.
I heard him say
before insulin.
I'm the one that
got the insulin down
for the seniors.
I took care
of the seniors.
What he's doing
is destroying
all remember
how cheap insulin was
during the Trump presidency.
They want everybody
what a time.
I have the
I have the
You can't just say it
and make it true.
But that's
he's done.
He did that.
So
but we're just
done country.
They're taking over
our schools
our hospitals
and they're going to
be taken over social
security.
He is destroying
social security,
Medicare
and Medicaid.
The idea is that
we in fact
we were
the only ones
of consequence
where the balloon is leaking.
We're not members
of the Paris Accord.
How can we do anything
we've not able to
the United States
can't control
under control?
One of the largest
pollutants in the world
number one
we're making significant
progress
by don't know
the nose it's
that's an alpha
move actually.
Just a
just a light
booger pick
on presidential debate.
We set up a climate
core.
There's thousands
of young people
who are
learning how to
deal with
clump just like
Peace Corps
and we're going to
we're moving in directions
that are going to
significantly change
the elements
of cause of pollution.
But the idea
that he claims that
he has the biggest
hard up here
and he's really concerned
I thought he's going to
say hard on
about pollution
and that could have
changed the whole game
for him.
I've not seen
any indication of that.
And by the way
with regard to
prescription drugs
one company
agreed that they would
reduce the price
to $35
which I was calling
for one
voluntarily.
I made sure
every company in the world
every pharmaceutical
company
cannot have to pay you.
They both are making
actually pretty
similar faces at each other.
Just once looks older.
So every day millions
of Americans struggle
just to make ends meet
for many older Americans
social security provides
a critical lifeline.
President Biden
if nothing is done
to social security
seniors
will see their benefits
cut
in just over 10 years.
Will you name tonight
one specific step
that you're willing
to take to keep
social security solvent?
Yes make the very
wealthy began to pay
their fair share.
Wow.
Now.
Okay.
Everybody making under
$170,000
pays 6%
of their income
of their paycheck
every single time
they get a paycheck
from the time
the first one they get
listen to this
anti-Americans
the idea that they're
going to
duff.
I'm not going to
I'm proposing that
everybody they pay
the millionaires pay
1%
1%.
So no one after
I would not raise the
cost of social security
for anybody
under $400,000
after that I began
to make the wealthy
began to pay their
I understand it's
like he's saying this
out of a broken
gramophone
to be able to
guarantee
but assuming he meant
any of that
it's actually very
agreeable.
82 seconds left
are there any other
measures that you think
that would be able to
help keep social
security solvent
or is just
is that one enough?
Well no that
that one enough
will keep it solvent
but the biggest thing
I'll do
if we defeat this man
because he wants
to get rid of social
security.
He thinks there's
plenty to cut
in social security.
He's wanted to cut
social security and
Medicare
both times.
And if you look
at the program
I put forward by
the house
through the memes
are going to be wild.
Who cares about the memes?
Her actual fingers
take care.
Oh, take it easy.
We don't need
to protect
our seniors.
It's ridiculous.
We put
we and by the way
American public
has greater healthcare
coverage today
than ever before.
And on the AC as I said
you're in a
circumstance
Yes, Wintry Midnight
that's a very good point.
400,000 people
for I'm referring
40 million people
would not have
insurance because
they have a pre-existing
condition.
But not as much of it
I guess.
It allows them to
have that
insurance.
Republicans at least
traditionally actively
go after
claiming they
want to remove it.
And by the way
the other
but both of them
are usually
both parties are too
terrified to
completely destroy it.
Black communities
there's no
surefire way to lose
senior votes.
Under the amount of money
for Pell Grants
another $8,000
for anybody making
under $70,000 a year
going to be able to
get $15,000.
Yeah, when it can
they can just
let it last.
That might be
when it's really a risk.
Thank you President
about President Trump.
So I've dealt with
politicians
all my life.
I've been on
this side of the
equation for
the last
eight years.
I've never seen
anybody lie
like this guy.
He lies.
I've done
they both are
accusing each other
of lying about
so many other things too.
And we mentioned
the laptop
which might bring
the head up.
We don't need to
see the top of the head.
If everything
you all okay good
they cut away.
It's misinformation
and disinformation.
The losers
and sucker story
that he made up
it's a total lie
on the military.
It's a
Trump stop
bringing that up man.
Social security.
He keeps bringing it up.
He's destroying it
because millions of people
are pouring into our country
and they're putting
them on to social security.
They're putting them
on to Medicare
Medicaid.
They're putting them
in our hospitals.
They're taking
the place of
our citizens there.
What they're doing
to the VA
to our veterans
is unbelievable.
See which remit night
and that's why this is
not looking too good
for Biden.
He doesn't know
what he's doing.
The way he speaks
is it's a fun way
to speak.
It's one of the best
anger in our country before.
President Biden.
The idea of veterans
are not being taken care of
I told you before.
By the way
when I said
suckers and losers
he said
he acknowledged
after that
he fired that general.
That general got fired
because he's the one
that acknowledged
that that's what he said.
He was the one
standing with Trump
when he said it.
Number one.
Number two.
The idea that
we're going to be
in a situation where
all these millions
and millions
of people he talks about
illegal aliens
are coming into the country
and taking away our jobs.
There's a reason why we have
the fastest growing economy
in the world.
The reason why we have
the most successful economy
in the world.
We're doing better
than any other nation
in the world.
And by the way
those 15 nobo.
I think they just
have to completely mute
both lights
permanently.
Card games.
Economists.
They all said
that if Trump is
reelected
we'd like to have
a recession
and inflation
is going to increase
and you go up.
And by the way
worst present history
159 presidents
of scholars voted
in him
the worst president
in history
of the United States of America.
President Biden
thank you so much.
Let's turn to the cost
of child care
which many American families
struggle to afford.
President Trump
both you
and President Biden
have tried to address
this issue
but the average cost
of child care
in this country
has risen to more than
$11,000 a year
per child
for many families
the cost of child care
for two children
is more than their rent.
In your second term
what would you do
to make child care
more affordable?
Just to go back
the general got fired
because he was no good
and if he said
oh okay see
he did it up
but we have 19 people
that said I didn't say it
and they're very highly
respected
much more so than him.
The other thing is
he doesn't fire people
he never fired people.
I've never seen a fire
anybody.
I did fire a lot
I fired Comey
because he was no good
I fired a lot of the
top people
at the FBI
drained the swamp
they were finally
a president
that was running on
firing people
and it's fun
when he does it
we remember that right
I didn't put him down
it literally used to be
his catchphrase before
he came up with all the other
ones.
This guy hasn't fired anybody
he never fires
he should have fired
every military
I can't deny
conservatives love to fire
people actually
crime you're fired
Afghanistan
you can't do that so
you can't do that
the most embarrassing moment
in the history of our country
did he didn't fire
did you fire anybody
did you fire anybody
that's on the border
that's allowed us to have
the worst border
okay Biden there's so many
ways to come back
from this insane
tirade he's on
please.
many from prisons
many from
from mental institutions
did you fire anybody
that allowed our country
to be destroyed
Joe our country
is being destroyed
as you and I set up
it's true he has once again
totally ignored the
question
this shouldn't be a debate
basically to yell
several catchphrases
about me because
I said it
but look
he's the worst president
in the history of our country
he's destroyed our country
now all of a sudden
he's trying to get a
little tough on the border
he came out
came out with a
are we sure they're old
and not both preschoolers
reduced it a little bit
a little bit
like this much
it's insignificant
or at least one of them
might be a preschooler
he wants our country
to either be
he's the worst
he's bad
he does bad
he's been bad
I'm the best
I don't think
we just can't let it happen
if he wins this election
our country doesn't have a chance
if he said that
I actually think
that would be the clip
of the debate
we probably won't have
a country left
if he just says that
he's the worst
someone whispered into his ear
someone rub a genie lamp
please
we're the most admired
country
aww he missed it
he missed the jump shot
we're 90 states of america
there's nothing beyond our capacity
we're the finest military in history
I got you fired
what a fucking
the finest in the history of the world
no one thinks we're weak
no one
wants to screw around with us
nobody
number one
an entire battle rap crew
would have run in behind them
just to owe
we were talking about
worst presidents
I wasn't joking
look it up
we'll go online
159
or from 58
don't hold the exact number
presidential historians
they've had meetings
and they voted
who's the worst president
in american history
one through best to worst
they said he was the worst
in all of american history
that's a fact
that's not a
that's not conjecture
he can argue the wrong
but that's what they voted
the idea that he is knowing
doing anything to deal with
childcare
a clap back would have been nice
there it is unfortunate
he's also resorting to just going
actually you're the worst
which has significantly increased
the availability
of women and men
but I don't think he's doing
a worse job than Trump
at this point
and we should encourage
yeah but he looks worse
which is an accomplishment
I will admit
President Trump
the question was about
what would you do to make
childcare more affordable
that's a good point as well
we have polling
we have other things
that do
they rate him the worst
because what he's done is so bad
and they rate me
I'll show you
I will show you
and they rate me one of the best
okay
and if I'm given another four years
I will be the best
I think I'll be the best
facts
nobody's ever
created an economy like
on occasion can be influenced
by your feelings
he's the only one
and he wants to raise
Trump feels these things
very strongly
he wants to raise
everybody's taxes
by four times
he wants the Trump
tax cuts to expire
so everybody
including the two of you
are going to pay
four to five times
nobody ever heard
yeah I guess they both
don't care about kids
if I grow up
and I see politicians
they've got to get me
up there
I will just talk about
how beautiful kids are
as I said
we did
that doesn't sound good
coming from you
oh you're not going to
disrespect me
money back into our country
the worst president
in history by far
and everybody knows it
President Biden
look the fact of the matter
is that he's dead wrong
about
he's increased
he's increased
he's going to increase
the taxes on middle class people
I said I'd never raise a tax
upon anybody
I'm making less than
four hundred thousand dollars
I didn't
but this tariff
is 10 percent tariffs
everything coming in the country
you know what the economists say
that's going to cost
the average American
$2,500 a year more
because they're going to
pay the difference
in food
and all the things that were
important
number two
he's in a situation where
he talks about
how he has not raised
saggy
he somehow helped
I didn't say it
but I am reading it
and I might agree with it
by you
now you want a new tax cut
of five trillion dollars
over the next 10 years
which is going to fundamentally
fortunately that
is the real Trump
not AI Trump
because of American history
I've checked with our analysts
and they have confirmed it
and we are hoping for AI Biden
actually
we are the lowest trade deficit
with China
since 2010
thank you president Biden
thank you president Biden
let's
discuss an epidemic
impacting millions of Americans
that both of you
have made a top priority
in your first term
the opioid crisis
and for both of you
okay now we can have
a little fun
talk about some drugs for a minute
over those deaths
in this country
has gone up
under your term
it went up
under your term
it has gone up
former president Trump
despite the efforts
that both of you have made
more than 100,000 Americans
are dying from overdoses
every year
primarily from fentanyl
and other opioids
what will you do
to help Americans
right now
in the throes
of addiction
who are struggling
to get the treatment
they need
to finish up
we now have the largest deficit
in the history of our country
under this guy
we have the largest deficit
with China
he gets paid by China
he's a Manchurian candidate
he gets money from China
we have
so I think he's afraid
to deal with them
or something
but do you notice
he never took out
my tariffs
because we bring in
so much money
with the tariffs
that I imposed on China
out of us now
he never took them away
can't because it's
too much money
it's tremendous
and we saved our
steel industries
and there was more to come
but he hasn't done that
but he hasn't cut
the tariffs
because he can't
because it's too much money
but he's got the largest deficit
in the history of our country
and he's got the worst
the worst situation with China
China is going to own us
if you keep allowing them
to do what they're doing to us
as a country
they are killing us
as a country Joe
and you can't let that happen
you're destroying our country
so President Trump
you have 67 seconds left
black jobs on there twice
you're going to see the Americans
in the throes of addiction
right now
who are struggling
to get the treatment they need
Jake we're doing very well
at addiction until the COVID came along
we had the two and a half
almost three years
like nobody's ever had
before any country in every way
and then we had to get tough
and it was the drugs pouring
across the border
were it started to increase
we got great equipment
we bought the certain dog
that's the most incredible thing
that you have the best dog
we can spot it
we did a lot
and we had we were getting
very low numbers
very very low numbers
then he came along
the numbers
have you seen the numbers now
it's not only the 18 million people
that I believe is even low
because they got away
they don't even talk about gotaways
gotaways
okay charlotte'sville didn't happen
takes that poll
coming across our border
the worst thing i've ever seen
at numbers that nobody's ever seen
under him because the border's so bad
but the the number of drugs
I mean they're freestyling
now is is the largest
we've ever had by far
case loves that stuff
I thought this stream was founded
on freestyling
for a while no
can detect fentanyl
these big machines
that roll over everything
it comes across
oh god we're back in the fucking cops
touching fentanyl
phase of our
cultural discourse
more fentanyl machines
more more be able to detect drugs
more more more be able to
okay he's more numbers of
it's focused on the border
idea of what he's saying
when we had that deal done
he went he called his republican
comic said don't do it
it's gonna hurt me politically
he never argued it's not a good bill
it's a really good first half
of the word politically machines
I've never seen someone
sound more like a ghost than him
saying politically in asia
in terms of precursors for fentanyl
and mexico is working with us
to make sure they don't have the
technology to be able to put it
together that's what we have to do
we need those machines thank you
president by now president
trump and again the question is
about americans in the throes
of addiction right now
struggling to get the treatment they
need well this because this does
pretend it to it he ended
remain in mexico he ended
catch and release i made a catcher
release in mexico not catch and
release here we had so many things
that we had him in mexico release
him in mexico i got it off and
nothing it's just like when he
have a hostage we always have six
billion dollars for a house every
time we say there's a hostage
now we have a hostage a wall street
journal reporter it's really hard
to remember what the question is
actually by the time trump is done
talking and is laughing at this guy
probably asking for billions of
dollars every question is secretly
about the border i will have him
you just got to close my quickly as
soon as i take office before i take
office i said by literally as soon
as i win the mexican cat i will have
that reporter out he should have had
him out a long time ago but putin's
probably asking for billions and
billions of dollars because this guy
pays it every time yeah it feels like
it's a rax it feels like i forgot to
disperse his fallout points 58
people out and i paid essentially
nothing but there's still time for him
to disperse them for the record let's
turn to concerns that voters have
about each of you president biden
oh my gosh i don't think he can play
elven ring after this end of your
second term
how do you switch to dark souls and go
hollow about your capability to handle
the toughest job in the world
well into your 80s well first of all
i've been half my career being being
criticized being the youngest person
in politics i was a second youngest
person ever oh god okay what's you're
going to say about being old this guy
is three years younger and a lot less
competent i think that this look at the
record okay that wasn't bad actually i'll
give it to you buddy horrible situation
you left me as i said 15 million new
jobs 800,000 manufacturing job more
investment in america over millions of
dollars in private investment the hands
are coming up and he's doing the ricky
bobby growing we remember we brought
an awful lot of people
and the whole idea of computer chips
reached out 40 percent of the market
we invented those chips and we lost it
because he was sending people to achieve
to find the cheap hey mr president how do
you feel about being old and then he
just proceeds to be old for 45 minutes
i convinced samson to invest billions of
dollars here in the united states and
there guess what those fabs they call
there that to to to build these chips
those fabs pay over a hundred thousand
dollars you don't need a college
degree for them and those fab hundred
thousand about 40 billion dollars already
being invested and being built right
now in the united states creating
okay watch the track with what he's talking
about a little bit but this isn't this
is okay this is okay he sounds okay here
would you like to add anything yeah i
would the idea that somehow we are
this failing country i've never heard a
president talk like this before we were
the envy of the world they're really
setting him up to fail their major
country president wouldn't trade places
the united states of america for all
our problems and all our opportunities
we're the most progressive country in
the world and getting things done
we're the strongest country in the world
we're a country in the world who keeps
our word and everybody trusts all of
our allies okay maybe settle down a
little bit
this is the most alert he's been and
he's maybe good scale back just a
little
thank you former president trump to follow
up you finally by the same some stuff i
agree with of course munch doesn't like
it i mean crumb
about your capabilities to serve well i
took two tests i aced them both of them
as you know i debated public he's like
to see him take one just one a really
easy he aced the basic questions he
couldn't do it cognizance tests i took
physical exams every year and you know
we knock on wood wherever we may have
wood that i'm in very good health i just
won two club championships not even
senior he's talking about golf wins you
oh he actually made biden laugh that
seemed like a real laugh from biden
and i do it he doesn't do it he can't
hit a ball 50 yards he challenged me to
a golf match wait he's attacking him on
golf uh i think i'm waiting by next
i feel that i'm mind can't handle this
look how shocked he is bringing up his
golf game actually i'm probably a
little bit lighter but i'm in as good
a shape as i was uh oh my god is it
are we gonna get a push-up contest i
was willing to take a body loves to
throw out the push-up contest could
it happen dr ronnie jackson who's
handle says no okay when he was white
house doctor and then i took another one
a similar one and both one of them said
they've never seen anybody asem thank you
president biden you can see handle has
had enough she's done she's gonna go
lay down
well you said six four 200 anyway that's
it you're anyway what take a look at
what he is look i'd be happy to have
a driving contest three i got my hand
driving and i was a driving contest
and by the way i told you before i'm
happy to play golf if you carry your
own bag think you can do it what is a
six handicap of all i was an eight
handicap now this is really happening
but i have you know okay we do need a top
golf off
let's not act like children president
trump we're going to let's not act
like children
that voters have about you will you
pledge tonight
that once all legal challenges have been
exhausted that you will accept the
results of this election regardless of
who wins
and you will say right for some reason
donald trump in any form is unacceptable
well i shouldn't have to say that but
of course i would rather watch them
debate golf totally of course you would
and if you would see my statements that i
made on twitter at the time
and also my statement that i made in the
rose garden you would say i mean come on
i'm just saying a bunch of crazy shit
anyway maybe we'll hear them just
blab about golf in front of i believe
the thing they've been most fired up
about because they're old as you nobody
ever talks about that they talk about
a relatively small number of people that
went to the capital and in many cases
relatively small relative to what nancy
polosi said it was her responsibility
not mine she said that loud and clear
but the answer is uh if the election
is fair free and i want that more than
anybody and i'll tell you something i
wish he was a great president because
they really did smoke access very true
at one of my many places enjoying myself
i wouldn't be under indictment because
i wouldn't have been his political
appointment you know opponent because he
is not that you don't sound like him
because i was his opponent i wish he
was a great president i would rather
have that i wouldn't be here i don't
mind being here the only reason i'm
here is he's so bad as a president that
i'm going to make america great again
we're going to make america great and
there we rolling out the classics you
love to see it we're seriously failing
it's the on your left moment of this
debate we're failing nation because of
him his policies are so bad same tired
fucking catchphrase policies are
different year insane they're insane
these are wars that will never end with
him
he will drive us into world war three
and we're closer to world somewhere
are you a room of young republicans
just popped a button on there's the
world war three genes cheering for that
and kim jong-un and president she of
china kim jong-un of north korea all of
these are putin they don't respect him
they don't fear him they have nothing
going with this gentleman
and he's going to drive us into world
war three
you want a world war three let him
follow and win and let putin say do
what you want nato just do what you
want there's a thing called article
five attack on one is attack on all
that's so unfair both of these
presidents are equally capable of
driving us to world war three i can't
think of a single reaching across the
idol
aisle to make that bold prediction both of
these men can do it
because we are a powerful nation and i
know i might lean one side but we can
at least admit that right people both
these guys can destroy the world and
right now we're needed i don't admit
that actually because of our own safety
as a state and again you want to have
a war just let putin go ahead and
take key make sure they move on see
what happens in poland hungry and other
places along that border
then you have a war president trump as
i come back to you for a follow-up
the question was will you accept the
results of this election regardless of
who wins just to finish what he said if
i might oh if i may not acknowledge that
question as you took a lot of land from
bush
they took a lot of land from obama and
biden
they took no land nothing from trump
nothing he knew not to do it not going to
play games with me he knew that i got
along with him very well but he knew not
to play games chris great to see you by
the way from me
but now he's going to take the whole thing
from this man right here that's a war
that should have never started it would
have never started ever
with me ever and he's going to take
ukraine and you know you asked me a
question before would you do this with
he's got us in such a bad position
right now with with ukraine and
russia
because ukraine's not winning that war he
said i will never settle until such time
they're running out of people they're
running out of soldiers they've lost so
many people it's so sad
they've lost so many people and they've
lost those gorgeous cities with the
golden domes that are a thousand years
old
all fortunately traditionally or
fortunately actually russia would have
never attacked you know president saying
like he's going to pull us out of
intractable international conflicts is
usually pretty popular so that's
probably a point for trump yes or no
please
if it's a fair and legal and good
election absolutely i would have much
rather accepted these
but the the fraud and everything else
was ridiculous and if you want we'll
have a news conference on it and
first of all he won't pull us out of
anything of these on a in a week
but i will absolutely there's nothing i'd
rather do it would be much easier for
me to do that
then i'm running again i wasn't really
going to run
until i saw the horrible job he did
he's destroying our country i would be
very happy to be someplace else in a
nice location someplace
and again no indictments no political
opponent stuff because it's the only way
he thinks he can win
but unfortunately it's driven up by
numbers and driven up to a very high
level because the people understand it
let's see what your numbers are and this
election is over
let's see you're a whiner when you
lost the first time
that's actually pretty good you appealed
and appealed we got to go baby mode
not one single corp in america
said any yeah i think he needs to lean
into just saying names or local
you're a poopy head but you continue
to provoke you're a big dumb boy about
somehow there's all this misrepresentation
all this stealing there is no evidence
of that at all and i'll tell you what
i doubt what you'll accept little trumpy
big law the idea if you lose again
you accept your you're a whiny bitch for
sure okay enough with the language
we'll be right back with more from the
cnn presidential debate wow live from
georgia the desk is growing an arm and i
love the arm
what a great arm this desk has
what are crumbs numbers i like i think
they're mostly negative i'm throwing a
i'm gonna throw one on here
um i'm gonna go with negative infinity
and that's that i did add that myself
i have my phone next to me just in case
i'll make the bold claim of negative
infinity what how would you that's not
even a that's not a real number
how about how about we use some real
numbers something that's been lacking in
this debate
are you willing to admit so that your
side has lost i thought you weren't
picking a shot well you know i'm taking
the side of the winners and say what
you will i do think trump is winning
this debate house
there's really no winners here i will
admit biden is coming off
you know like a uh the bladder of an
ox that's been filled with the remnant
the like the last air on earth
um he's it'd be difficult for him to
sound much older than he does but
trump is such a bloviating idiot
um that even against potentially the
weakest possible democratic candidate
he still i think he's actually still
gonna lose
because he just says so many stupid
inane things
and the the base idiocy that he
represents is so extreme i do think a
lot of suburban voters will still be
unwilling to vote for him and that's
where you're wrong
we're evolving in our sense of
intelligence for it to include people
that just say fun shit
and he talks fun because he calls
stuff the best
he says it's good and he also calls
things bad and also it's funny when
he fires people which he touched on
you think you're doing well because
he touched on how it's funny when
he fires people
funny and also good
it's good when we fire a million is
crumbs number that's maybe that's the
number i'm gonna hit before these
debates all shit and done
but my score up by a million points
big numbers you think your numbers that
big
i've got too many numbers i actually
support all numbers
i'm not a um i don't have
i don't have prejudices against small
numbers or big numbers
i'm just a fan of numbers
so take that
really if you if you got 999,000 you
wouldn't feel lesser than
well because it's 990,000 a what
if it's 999,000 less
sticks in your ass then actually i'd
say i win that
because you've got a million more
you should and i can see why you're
on the side you're on
all numbers matter
yeah you're an all numbers matter
kind of guy what's wrong with saying
just all anything matters is usually
kind of a negative statement in my
opinion because of what it nods to but
you know i wouldn't expect you to
understand actual uh syntax or
context
so
just keep yappy happy happy well
that's really what we have to do so
and our presidents are doing an
excellent job today
of making that point for us when in
doubt
no matter how terrifying and grave
rattling your voice
just keep saying stuff
even sometimes if you're just like
you know you sound like the
non-diagetic zombie noises
in a fucking b-rate walking dead
spin-off franchise
keep talking and i'm proud to see
biden
rattling that saber keyword on rattling
looks like the debate's coming back
let's see how they're doing
sorry i'm muted right now
biden you have two minutes
these are closing remarks i think
we've made significant progress
from the debacle though it's left
by president trump in his last term
it was okay situation where number one
we have to make sure that we have a
fairer tax system
i ask anyone out there in the
audience or anyone out watching this
debate
oh is this what he's going with i
think this could actually do well for
him
nobody would make it under four hundred
thousand dollars had a single penny
increasing their taxes in the wool
and if i'm reelected that'll be the
case again
but this guy has increased your taxes
because of the deficit
number one
he's increased inflation because of
the debacle he left
after where he handled the pandemic
and he finds himself in a position
where he now wants to tax you more
by putting a 10 percent tariff on
everything comes into the united states
america
what i did
when for example
he wants to get away with
you get rid of
the ability of medicare
two minutes is a lot maybe
30 seconds
look at that face he's making over
there
i'm not making a face
those fucking bat ears barely clinging
to your head
as you grimace
you're rick this fucking grin
this is a support face
because the government doesn't have to pay
the exorbitant prices
some of the stuff he's saying is okay though
don't say senior you don't need to say
senior
everybody in america
he wants to get rid of that
we have i'm gonna make sure we have
childcare
we're gonna significantly increase the
credit this is the nixon kennedy
moment
we're gonna make sure we do something
about
except instead of one guy being sweaty
one man is a fucking skeleton
causing health
fucking doing the jig
from a disney movie
we're gonna continue
well actually the
a non-dancing skeleton
people break
thank you president biden
president trump
he could dance a little
minutes for your closing statement
okay here we go
like so many politicians
this man is just a complainer
nixon would absolutely
i'd be unfortunately
yes nixon would crush both of these
into the dirt
but he doesn't do anything
he doesn't do all he
does is make our country
unsafe by allowing
millions and millions of people
well thank you uncle phil 2k
our military doesn't respect
well we look like fools at
afghanistan
best in this situation
doesn't feel as good as one might
like a horrible thing that would
have never happened it should
have never happened
iran was broke anybody that did
business with iran
i mean he might not be saying
anything that makes sense
but look at him continuing to
speak iran was broke
they had no money for
hamas or hezbollah
fatera no money whatsoever
again ukraine should have
never happened
he talks about all the stuff
but he didn't do it for
three and a half years
we're living in hell
every time he talks
it doesn't feel like he just
unleashed his ice gray
bonkai all over the place
always talking about
fucking bonkai this guy
this is a hundred times
charlesville a thousand times
so the whole country is
exploding because of you
because i don't respect you
three question marches
is the correct response
to the president
and they don't respect you
throughout the world
what we did was incredible
we rebuilt the military
we got the largest tax cut
in history the largest
regulation cut in history
the reason he's
good the largest regulation
cut in history
the relations that gave jobs
but he's putting a lot of
the largest cut of
charlotte's bill existing
in history that we've done
nobody's ever
never seen anything
even from a medical
standpoint right to try
well we can try
space age materials
instead of going to asia
or going to europe
and trying to get
when you're terminally ill
now you can go
and you can get something
you sign a document
they've been trying to get it
for 42 years
but you know what we did
for the military
was incredible choice
for our soldiers
where our soldiers
instead of waiting
for three months
to see a doctor
can go out and get
themselves fixed up
and ready it up
and take care of themselves
and their living
and that's why I had
the highest approval rating
of the history of the VA
so all of these things
we're in a failing nation
but it's not going to be
failing anymore
we're going to make it
great again
thank you former president
trump president biden
stay with us
because we have full analysis
of this debate
oh wow full analysis
now on cnn
and then there they go
off into let's see
how long they hold on them
and they're done
the first presidential
debate of the 2024
and they do seem to be done
wow
listen up jack
microphone of an
hundred just man of jam
three hundred shun
he tasted coins
and i've been dying to
say this
get the hell out of
him lying mushroom cock
fart baby
he sets a thing
and fell with new fire
that would have been
pretty strong
microphone 900
fortunately he couldn't
summon the righteous
fury from inside
to make that kind of
openly aggressive statement
okay well
i don't know if we deserve
the beyblade track right now
i think we all need
the beyblade track right now
i think it's anti-american
that you want to cut
off the beyblade track
and i i i think i speak
for all of us when i say
your number does not
deserve to be one million
well unfortunately at
this time what we do
actually have to do
settle down everyone
literally cutting off a
plus that's who
that's who this man is
um
we do have to do this
just because you know
this is a bait stream
for us as well
who won trump or biden
there's only two options here
because only two people are
running
well that's not technically
true but well but i mean
you know running
in this particular debate
that just happened
so let's do it
i'm on the side of biden
you're on the side of trump
who won
trump or biden
what if i wanted to
be on the side of biden
did you know i mean
i'm on the side of trump but
i'm just saying technically
maybe no matter who wins
in a sense i win
because i'm sort of
not on any one side
but also the
i mean let's be real
i'm going off
who won this debate
one person looked
like fucking
someone
dried out
mumra in the sun
and then removed the bandages
and the other person
you know might have
looked like a drowning victim
but it was a drowning victim
that could still say
sentences
that might have been riddled
with what some people call
inaccuracies
but what i call
election attainment
which is one of our
lowest voting polls in a while
seems people might be
too depressed
to even vote
though i would like to point out
even given his
somewhat depressing
and lackluster performance
at least this audience so far
is with biden
and i but i do think
y'all are lying to yourselves
unfortunately because
i got it
you might
you might be playing
for team blue
or whatever
but that was
really fucking bad
any undecided voter
watching that
1000 percent
their takeaway
is gonna be
this man looks
like someone made
sawdust
out of sawdust
and then try to make
a sculpture of a person
out of it
he looks like
the fucking grave keeper
he looks like
he looks like the fucking
he looks like
the fucking grave guy
what's his name
from the old show
the crypt keeper
yeah he looks like
do you see
you knew
you fucking knew
what i was trying
to get across
because he literally
looks like
the fucking crypt keeper
except the crypt keeper
had way more personality
and frankly
was way more eloquent
well that's not fair
the crypt keeper
was voiced by a
professional actor
you know he's gonna
have like a stronger
voice and a little bit
better initiation
he's also working off
of a script
look at this point
unfortunately
it's an exceedingly
partisan election
it's it's difficult
to get fired up
for either candidate
at least for most people
for the right
it's actually
quite easy to get fired
up for trump
but
i think you're basically
just voting
against someone
why is your
fucking phantom
still here
i can't help it
if my masculine aura
has created a phantom
version of me
that shows up every time
a poll happens
you mean the 81 year old
sounded like an 80 year old
one year old
wild
i yeah exactly
i think he sounded
more than 81
one person's what
78
the other one's 81
three years apart
i think
i think we're doing a
disservice to 81 year olds
to saying he just
sounds like an 81 year old
he sounds
there's 81 year olds
that sound way worse
but your what your point
is that
if you sound like
you know you're
barely mentally holding
it together
you look like
you're actively dying
on stage
we're just supposed to be like
that's fine
well i think we are supposed to be
like
that's fine
because the fact of the matter is
biden apparently won
and i
won as well
plus one point to me
i'm creeping up the scores
you haven't won in quite a while
and say ever since
the nice version of you left
you've actually done nothing but
lose
you can claim to yourselves all you
want
that biden won
but i don't know
i just say put the two next to
each other
and it doesn't really matter
what they're saying
it matters how they're saying
and he was barely howling
he was barely howling
that's true the president
she does age you
like no other job
obama went from a
pepper to straight salt and pepper
tropics better
creating a faster regime
and needs to be stopped
well hey
we love heroic
tales
he's just setting up the first act
of
uh
you know
some sort of hero's story
where they eventually defeat him
you need a strong antagonist
if you want to accomplish a strong
narrative
and you know
so even if you hate him
what maybe what you need to vote for is
the promised one
to come and defeat him
with the spear of justice
your argument for trump is that
eventually some kind of justice
might find him
in the imagined third act
of some non-existent play
it's actually unfortunately
fucking reality munch
reality is what you make it
yes
we're literally technically voting for it
well we're barely voting
we barely had any say in this
they've paraded out two
ridiculous options in front of us
it's not even circus and bread
it's barely circus
it's definitely not bread
it's a fucking
mini mall
car sale
of an election
we've
we've downgraded from circus and bread
to mini mall car sale
where there's one guy spinning a sign
and who's spinning the sign
with slightly more vigor
the orange guy
how about we skip the story all together
no you can't
there is no skipping out on our hero's journey
it's coming for you
reality is coming for you
real quick
this up baby
it's not stopping
they should play mini golf to settle this
I will say they were the most fired up for their golf
section of the debate
well before that this debate happened
we had one request for a debate
that I do feel like we should honor
given the nature of this stream
I have to find it real quick
let's see if I even can
so many crumb planes
and munch jets
oh boy
I don't think I can find it
get deleted
anybody remember what it was
let's see those two fuck around with a windmill for an hour
it would be that
I think that might have been a better use of our time
as if uh
look at that powerful jet
that you made your graphic a jet
shows how baby minded you are
I thought it was something about like one of us or some something
I don't know why it just disappeared
will you watch Fiona's movie is the debate
yes oh
I gotta start saying my answer hot on the tail of
what I
of what I announced what the debate was
um well I'll find out say the side
the side of no but for the record I will
um don't make it confusing just say no fine
I won't watch Fiona's movie
will you watch Fiona's movie
no
yes and uh
in a desperate attempt to juice his score
munch has taken the side of yes
um
look um
out of support for Fiona actually
I'm not going to watch the short film
uh I'm gonna hold so that I can experience
the story in a feature film context
because my faith in Fiona is so strong
that I refuse to watch the short film
until she makes it into a feature film
which is indeed one of her plans
I'm more supportive than you and show
is anyone that votes no that's fucking bullshit
you support her by watching the short film
to build up interest for the feature film movie
chat I know you love to play games here
but if you say no you are literally
trying to undercut the career of a black
French lesbian filmmaker and I mean y'all love
those fucking id polls oh oh we're going there
I mean my id on this poll is the side of yes
actually in the sub-side of supporting
our French black lesbian filmmakers
which is a fun amount of adjectives to
say before filmmaker and anyone who
disagrees is being very problematic I
would say oh my gosh only doing id poll as
you love to say when it's convenient for
you uh look this is just shilly debate
I am on the side of no I wasn't able to
watch her premiere today because I had
to spend time with my kids look at this
he literally I did already watch
I literally already watched it it was
great check it out it's going to be
available I think for free for everyone
or at least for purchase it's 10 minutes
I don't think she's setting the price
high at the cost anything and I think
she might just be putting out on a
YouTube so check it out
juice up the onus fucking numbers
independently of these cooked polls that
this man is fucking perpetrating against
me well we kind of agree with that
yes a big up to Fiona's movie
and but it does look like these people
literally despise you so much munch
um that you just can't win no matter
what's that way it's really close
holy shit oh
oh maybe oh yes oh
oh it's about fucking time literally 50
percent that might be a preview of
election night we coming back to do this
for election night well at this point
you know we finally set it up so that we
can view full-screen videos at the
same time that's the power of the
smoke pack super pack smoke super packs
baby ha ha that's american democracy at
work much closer to american
democracy than i would like for sure
that this is so wildly swung by channel
points
i'm as easy contribute over 314 channel
points actually
actually channel points are
surprisingly low if 314 was the highest
you love
i'll do my voice i've
you did my voice what nor did you love
crumb people doesn't admit in chat that
they love crumb
in a losing effort see the people are
fucking with me check the plane score
13 to 4 but that's not fair people
couldn't even see the planes go off
they're less incentivized to use the
planes
and also case forgot to turn off the
other planes so it's confused the whole
system needs an overhaul the whole
system works beautifully it works like a
charm
there are a lot of channel points now
case has created a system with a lot of
overlapping channel points someday we'll
set this up so they actually turn on and
off appropriately
um for the given segment that we're in
i swear but someone did munch plane what
you meant to do was munch jet because
i'm such a nice person i actually
triggered that for them giving you
technically two points you fucking
piece of shit from judge count for
munch you son of a bitch
i'm fixing that right no no there's no
need it's boring when you do tech work
in the middle of the stream i'm fixing
it now
i can't believe you've been i can't
believe you've been stealing my crumb
planes
my crumb jets
it literally is incrementing your goal
instead of mine
insanity insanity i'm fixing this
i'm sorry that you had to endure this
who knows how up ahead i would be
stop this man there's no time for it's
literally
it's late people don't want to watch you
fiddle with fucking
you're literally doing this right now i'm
looking i'm what looking at his phone
right now he's fucking copying and
pasting
like a coward like an absolute coward
oh my god oh my god and now let's test
it
i'm being thorough i'm being thorough
because that's what you have to be
against this man
finally there we go
oh shit that actually worked for you
take that
well look that was just a thought that
was a tech issue
who did you pay off
look using money as a political force
is a recognized and accepted part of
our democracy
if anything i used a tech lobbyist
to lobby the tech guy
to do what he knew was right
a second okay i can't see that
case is still shutting up for an
for an elden ring stream
we could do an hour of elden ring
oh boy one hour
well it's getting kind of late
although the stream hasn't been that
long that was only a two-hour stream
a little debate stream
we're gonna send it back to case right
now i mean the the big headline here
is i actually won the last debate
i won one two
the amount of open hate against me in
chat
i just think it's unfair people are
just finally realizing what you actually
are
and that i'm actually a really good guy
oh my god check
i don't know how else to say this
i might not be the most morally up front
person at all times
because i'm not a coward
just saying this guy is fucking tricking
you
who am i trick who am i i'm very up
front with my shelf
i've revealed a lot of things about
myself on this stream
i can't help it if i come off as
more likeable than you
you don't
there's no way that's impossible
for you people to appreciate
little toxic masculinity you're putting
out no more maybe we're getting wise to
the game buddy
buzzwords buzzwords buzzing around his
head like a bunch of fucking flies
around the corpse
jesus christ uh uh oh we got a
conspiracy time
oh wait no this that's just a for some
reason a broken alert
dr chaff's evil cousin all right we'll
have case check in with dr chaff's
evil cousin
well for now that's all the time we
have
thank you so much for giving it up for
me incredible work everybody
incredible work we know who won today
i think we know who won i think
do we know who won no no it was very
it's just a horrible mesh well the
winner was america and so enjoy that
and we'll see y'all soon
what a time to be alive what a
beautiful time to be alive
the culture one it's like a kendrick
diss track the winner was the culture
oh boy that was hard to watch
glad i just got to sit here and eat
chips the whole time
didn't have to talk at all or think
about it
that's the that's the benefit of being
the anchors you just don't have to do
as much
um from what i saw it was a deep link
depressing fair or a fair all along
all around
two people i strongly dislike one more
than the other
uh i won't be partisan and say who
but it's trump
um but biden isn't you know a
despicable corpse of a person currently
perpetrating what i consider to be a
genocide so let's say the two choices
are pretty rough
and it's difficult to just watch
that be the options uh not that they've
ever been particularly great but this
time they are particularly bad
if you wanted my take on it that's
probably that's you know that's my
that's probably a pretty standard take i
would guess
it's pretty pressing c pretty bad
what elden ring is a different thing to
complain about where the stakes are
less depressing
i can instead just be like that thing
did too much damage
you think you you shed three pounds
from all the stress
well hey
maybe what i need is an anti-therapist
right now
um and whenever i talk to an
anti-therapist
i personally like to put on my sunglasses
instead of glasses
you actually want to wear sunglasses for
your anti-therapy
so i actually can't see in these
sorry i like to put on my dj music
official sunglasses
i bought these because i'm a fan
let's check in with this therapist
anti-therapist the evil dr chath i think
his name is hatab or something
a dr hatab thanks so much for being
here
if only joe had his sunglasses on tonight
so you're not a big fan of the stuff
joe biden was putting down
obama was a pretty easy choice
okay who are you voting for i'm voting for
trump
well hey man i mean vote your conscience
i don't think i could bring myself to
do it but
do we actually need a second debate
i didn't move what it didn't move one
voter in either direction
yeah that's actually an interesting
question
if this debate did move any voter i'm
a little worried any undecided voter
is mostly going to focus on
um biden's age because he he did seem
pretty incoherent he looks very scary
he just looks and reads as insanely old
um because he is and i do think he is
showing clear signs of dementia i mean
trump has on occasion as well
but biden's are more severe
um i mean it could not be that he
that he even has it but it feels like
he has it and i think that's what's
important so you know as someone who
would love to see trump not be president
again
um that's alarming joe biden more like
schmo biden am i right
man dr hitab you're pulling no punches
tonight
rfk jr just probably pulled a lot more
votes
i mean that would be nice maybe i can't
say i'm the hugest rfk fan either
i'll vote for the worm can i vote for
the worm
it's all relative man the world spins
call that the helicopter that wasn't in
chat what
char charlottesville never heard of it
so that scored points with you because
apparently you're a trump voter
hopefully they both have women vps
honestly i mean great if they do but
i can't say that would make me feel
too much better about the situation
also biden does already have a female vp
i can see you set up your setup in your
glasses
what setup do you mean this voluminous
studio i guess it's a very reflective
studio because of our big studio lights
this feels like a repeat of the grover
cleveland election fiasco that's the
thing you remember stop doing
going on the stream is always going
crazy with the tongues
okay well um thanks doctor the tab
cab doctor have okay uh i bet they both
keel over if they have a golf off while
carrying their own clubs that was a
wild call out i don't know if um i don't
that's a good idea for either of them
this is the debate we need i guess i feel
better now okay well i'm glad you do
the minimum age is 35 well
we're clearing that with a bullet why not
best to say with a bullet in any
presidential context um okay well thanks
uh doctor hitab anything else before you
go
angry birds to golf to the death boom
looks better without his glasses wow
what a night why doesn't say i have
2000 viewers on x speaking of cooked
numbers i love these at this supposed
x viewership that my stream software
always tells me i have eight of the
thousands watching on x thanks for
tuning in bleep bloops to you for sure
the world is watching pin yeah on this
extremely important election night
coverage yeah i think unfortunately as
much as i'm i would appreciate anyone
who is watching if you're watching on x i
do appreciate it something tells me
those twitter numbers are just yeah
only chris the only one on x to shy
not to type is chris and that's why we
love chris because he counts for 1700
viewers
i should have 2000 that's kind of you
to say but i love all the views i do
get
also you know this is a nice amount of
chats because i'm so bad at reading
chats if i ever actually get much
bigger
i'm gonna really struggle with chat
considering how much i already do
my old man pre-biden brain is barely
keeping up
i should challenge biden to keep up with
chat contest he'd show me what's up
jack
you know i guess before we go for the
fuck of it
for the fucks we could check in with the
presidents
real quick
um we'll give each of them just a
couple minutes for for some just to
round out today's uh coverage
just to see if you guys have any
questions for the presidents
following up um their momentous debate
tonight
seeing as we declared biden the winner
i guess we can go with him first
um um just one second i realize i have
to grab something actually to make this
work
we must grab a thing to make this work
all right hopefully this works more or
less
we're going to give it a shot uh let's
see
okay listen up jack you should be able
to hear me now
let me know if you can hear me chat
i'll go off this more or a little bit
than ever
anybody that's saying my brain didn't do
the bud vijingo tonight
vijingo jingo their way to not pass and
go to the
the mausoleum of dreams who's single one
of us
saw what that saw the lies tonight
big time lie boys never fly peace never
fly boys
sorry cover i lost me for a second there
that should be fixed
sorry i was saying that should be fixed as
well i think now you should they should
be hearing me
and hopefully not with an insane
mismatch on my mouth and they should
be hearing you mr president
should i let k speak for him well i can't
speak for the president that's why i
brought him in if you guys have any
questions
uh if you have any questions for the
president
don't worry your belief is is in
suspended animation actually and the
purpose of a debate
is to is to move those beliefs all
around
up and down and move them all around
um so if you have any questions and i
am not out of the same i'm not out of
the same for life throw it for the
president
oh you like to finish what you say
to jack um
ah so why why people are still is this
for my victory lap people are gonna
here to let me know what i did is
actually really great
and nobody's worried and um what is
even um
what's the world nobody's even worried
for um the the unit of time that's um
you know but that's less than uh
more than seconds
mom what's the minute something like
that maybe that's what happened the
whole time both had uh someone behind
them improv style moving their arms
to speak for them is that what was
going on
listen up jack it's come or just mama jam
300 shiny tasty corn who's that coming
from my
seeing two sasparos of all while
added one thing i know there ain't no
meant to that mojito but i'm ready to
may he go to the white house
14 more years
18 and free as you could sit and
listen so a lot of lies tonight and i ain't
talking about sleeping with no
beddy down in the beddy bed
okay you know i don't know if there's
actually any questions for you mr oh
there's one coming in actually right now
mr president why the hell did you uh
didn't you get pissed off get pissed
off at that knuckle tracker
and then i'm very sorry i was just
repeating what you're saying so i
could follow it i did i was mad the
whole time
what point i was like i got growling
like a doggie had him this doggie has
bite
tonight they made me wear my weakest
dentures i had to wear the real soft
cap ones because they knew that i was a
danger
they almost made me wear a muzzle
because i ain't talking muzy and i
speak in french i'm speaking facts
and the the muzzle came off with the
bite of the words of which the words
were biting and this whole time i've
been president that's been a fact that
over four million have happened and i'll
continue
sorry every time it cuts back to me i look
on like i'm lost in a total fog because
of how smart what you're saying is mr
president i know it wasn't uh was a
long time ago but how was school as a
kid
with moses and them kids them kids
man those were the days me and
we used to call him johnny mosey back
then
not the skier he wasn't skiing in the
desert that's for sure
you know the thing he was doing with
surfing on a on a big way
he made two of them
back then you know we'd go down the
old we'd go down to the old river
pop
uh we'd ordered salt sickles because
there weren't no sweets back then
a thuzel and me moses
we he'd part the sea we'd surf on them
but we didn't have no surfboards
we'd have to tame two alligators
straight out of the nile
we ride those alligators we we
we didn't even have saddles for them
we'd have to wrestle them grab them by
the neck
surf on them while moses part of the
sea
we were just kids back then you know
that's what we did for fun
a little lifeguard back then named
jasperilla sunday
and you know that we was a good
kid
whispering long hairs all over his
body look like uh someone
died of sasquatch clear
and uh you know we'd sit around the
fire with him at night he'd tell us
stories about malik and the ancient
beings that crafted the earth
actually kind of more coherent than
what i expected out of all of that
okay well uh you know i can tell you're
a little tired and i don't want to put
people through this too much longer
because i feel like everybody's been
through enough
um
so i'll just take a couple more questions
and then i'll let you go maybe one or
two more
um
do you have trouble remembering what you
ate for breakfast
hey and and that's not even
necessarily me talking trash
i have trouble i sometimes i forget
sometimes i forget
it's real easy to forget breakfast
um
this is one of the earliest meals in the
day
that's like trying to remember your your
mid-sleep
gummy snack
a lot of people don't eat enough meals
there's mid-sleep gummy snack
there's your wake-up jam where you
spray a little jelly on your tongue
first thing in the morning pre-brushing
your teeth so that the toothpaste paste
matter
then there's paste there's paste fast
where you actually eat toothpaste to prep
your stomach for a good amount of
toothpaste from when you brush your
key
then you brush your teeth with a ton of
toothpaste and that's where you eat the
most toothpaste
then there's break paste where they
grind your food into a paste
and that's your pre-break fast
where they make you eat even more
paste but twice as fast
then there's mid-afternoon shoddy
time
where they just poke you with a bunch of
needles and that's where they give you
the sweetest serums of all
and those live in you up they make you
want to do 25 push-ups every two seconds
but you're about when you do it your
body makes the noise of uh like a
megatron transforming but that megatron
is made out of glass
anyway then there's lunch
i guess it actually ends with lunch
okay
um
mr president you may be three days
older than dirt
you have uh you may babysat jesus
you have my vote that wasn't so much a
question as a just a little
show of support
um
last question for you uh did you
go behind a bush
and also people are letting us know that
the fluoride has supercharged your
brain
so i guess continue your paste diet
your paste diet
well that's where a lot of people don't
even understand that a lot of pastes
don't even come as a toothbrush
you can make a paste out anything
you make a paste on a burger and make a
little burger paste spread our cracker
then paste up that cracker
but all the blender comes out real
pasty real good
you can have pasty skin
and that's when you don't eat you just
rub the food on your face
and you let a little osmosis kick in
for when your jaw gets tired
that some people call that a spa
treatment
i call that spa fast
that's when i'm my mouth ain't working
too good so they spread the food on
on my cheeks
and we just waited a couple hours we
hope some of the nutrients stink in
so look a diet i promise to grind this
economy into a paste that all of us can
put down our throats no matter how weak
our jaws and our esophagus are
and by the time we're done it'll be a
paste for america moving at a good
paste
and i won't copy and paste the
mistakes of the paste
well you know what
you have my vote that was um
that's beautiful unfortunately we do
have to talk to your opponent now
but thanks for stopping by
thing by
well good luck with that
look good luck with that
yeah i'm gonna say good luck riding
that bull but he ain't no bull jack
he's a bull shit
you ain't putting a saddle on sack of
poop
because that hot dog that dog ain't a
dog
it's a defecate
and i've decreased the defecate
and he's not
and i promise that i would and i did
and i will
and i was here and i'm not gone
and i'm up
do do do do
they see mom
is now wearing a thong
she got a thong and i waited to go long
go long on the field and the field is
where i napped
i know it might be wrong but
i just pasted stacy's thong
okay we're gonna just move on from
the president for now to the other
president
from strength to strength we'll just
talk to this guy for a minute or two
and then maybe we will get out of here
for the night
maybe we'll elden ring tomorrow maybe
we'll do an elden ring friday
i haven't talked to this version of
trump in a minute this feels right
this one feels right to me today
let's talk to this trump
uh other president former presidents
possibly future president uh-oh
uh with uh thanks for stopping by how
do you feel like it went tonight
not about how i feel it's about how i
did and everyone is saying
there'd never even been a debate
before this was the first one
and i ended them forever no more
need first debate best debate last
debate i won by too much
and people are people are saying no
point to continue all the points
were made by me we made the best
points we'd never stop making
points no further questions and you
are fired
uh did you feel like you made any
particularly strong points tonight
um
you know for instance you seemed to
kind of this might not have been in
your intention but it literally kind of
sounded like you said charlotte's field
didn't happen but look charlotte's
bills in virginia
which it's a place where they lose
colonies all the time
i'm not a lot of people those but
there used to be there's to be a
run oak there used to be the lost
city of atlantis and they sent them
all to virginia and they lose that
they lose everything it's like they
can't even keep their keys on a
keychain i have something to hold my
keys i don't even need a keychain
but if i did i'd hold them tight
and instead charlotte's bill actually
was lost to time
they had what they had was they had a
city of gold where there were nazis
and everybody was fine and they loved
the statues
but unfortunately for reasons we
don't know it disappeared
and it was replaced by a college full
of liberal elites and tina phase
and because of that no one knows what
happened to charlotte's bill
it's a real tragedy i promise to find
it again if i'm president
and we'll build it back better than
ever
we'll bring back the corner
and um kissy noises sorry i was just
saying kissy noises i just like the
way you were saying it so i was
returning the kisses
um okay well let's see if there's any
questions for you uh mr president are
you in a rainstorm
nope these are actually rose petals
that people are throwing salt and white
roses and they're throwing
because white white roses are some of the
best roses
you would like to make that about race
it's not people that white roses just
look cool
ask
see ask um
a kiss from a rose you know ask any
funeral white roses are some of the
most popular and they're throwing in
that knee so fast
that it looks like rain
i'm getting a roman tridute style
parade right now through the streets
dragging the corpse of
biden behind my chariot
and the people are throwing roses at
me it's beautiful i'm already at the
windows as you can see
i'm ready to walk in and take it
and there might be a little jizz in
there but that's just because people
are so fired up
um have you ever stolen a black job
but actually there's no jobs to
steal if you never pay anyone
so i've never paid a black person
actually
and that's one of the tricks is if you
don't pay a black person they don't have
the job in a sense
um and a lot of contractors they come
to me they say
they say hey it didn't pay me
and i say well
i don't want to steal a black job
uh and you're a white guy actually if
i paid you that'd be a job
so i just don't pay you
and if it's a black guy same argument
but i mean i gotta be fair i don't
want to just steal white jobs
so i don't pay the black guys either
if you just don't pay any contractor
you hire ever
and you never really have to
then you've never stolen a job you've
never even made one
so
and it's a great way to keep your
business going
it's actually 100 profit when you only
pay yourself
and that's what i've got to do with
america only pay us and never pay
anyone else
everyone pays me
and you all get
tend to watch that happen
and it will never have been more
successful probably the best payments
directly to a president
that will ever happen
i promise to do that i promise to get
paid more than any president ever
and that's good for me that's good for
you that's good for america
um do you prefer porn stars or your
wife
that's actually a thing i'd love to
clear up some people thought i said i
didn't have sex with a porn star
i'm just saying i didn't have sex with
that porn star
that was my that was my speaking
porn star
if you're really balling you have a
porn star that you kind of use as a
therapist that would storm me for me
then you had all the best porn stars
that are there for sex which i
definitely have
i definitely feel human attraction to
other humans
i definitely i haven't had my genitals
and very desire for sex sanded off
um
in the ultimate kink show of of self
denial i didn't have my basic section
without desire
perverted into some sort of uh
atmospheric super lust
just for the concept of ownership
um i definitely am turned on in a normal
human way and that's why
you know i party like a porn star
how's your hand game
everybody knows this about me i have one
of the best hand games
um anyone's ever seen
um you know
uh i could make i can i can make a
diamond bust
get gay game so strong i could grip a
diamond turn it back into a stone
then milk it um and you know it takes
me seconds to bust or merely seconds
um or it could take me all day if i
wanted if i want to really goon it out
i've got total control
and uh some of the best control some of
the best hand game the best hand game
i once had mickey nano come over and
tell me i i was watching you through the
window of the country club and i've
never seen anybody with that much
can control um and and the thing you
were controlling was beautiful as well
and uh and you could ask i've got over
19 people that can confirm and i have
some of the best hand game of all time
congrats uh biden got you fired are you
holding a grudge well that would have
been really good if he had that as a
comeback
that would have actually that would
have been that would have really
stung that would have made me make
this base
do you know what he didn't know he
didn't say that he instead he really
kind of just felt like
uh you know the dust bowl as a
concept had come to life
and uh yeah i mean i virtually just
rolled back the tape
i did watch it on mute if you have to
has nothing either of us said
i mean i said a lot of good stuff but
really you could watch it on mute and
probably get a lot of of what um
a lot of what people are going to read
off this debate off of it and i think
on mute i actually come off
possibly even better people are saying
i'm one of the best people ever to
watch on mute
and people love me on mute more than
anyone else
because what i say is so good you don't
actually even need to hear it
and a lot of people didn't
and and people that didn't hear it are
loving it
okay last question are you going to
um enact the robo cop project
ten steps ahead of you i actually
already am robo cop
i uh i actually i've been such good i
got such a good clean bill at health that
the doctor said are you a robot
because only a robot could be as smart
and strong as you it turns out i am
i'd actually ten thousand percent
cybernetic and i will be
spending the streets of detroit
actually on behalf
of the corporation from that movie
which i now own
i'll be patrolling the streets
and just absolutely turning people
into blood socks
i will be using one thousand percent
squibs
on every single person and just
turning them into you know
paul veerobin style
blood sacks
and i can't wait for you to see it
it's going to be beautiful
it's going to be the best i can't
wait to win
i definitely don't feel a deep
sense of dread at having to be
president again
and there isn't a voice in the
back of my head screaming
why are you doing this it makes you so
unhappy
you hated being president
it was just uh four years of
feeling like you were trapped
at a historical museum on a field
trip that you begged to get out of
that's not what's happening with me
can't wait to be president again
will be president again
and i can't wait to never come back
on the show again
fake news fake media
literally a fake guy next to me
but i'm real and that's all that
counts and i'll see how soon
i'm leaving right now bye bye
well there you have it
you okay kendall
kendall's nose hurts okay i think
we're gonna save amongst the net
for tomorrow apology xander
um it's just getting a little late
over here
and i feel like i owe it to kendall
to quit
look at beautiful kendall
are you still sick
she's sick
i didn't wash my hair in a week
but it still smells good would you
believe that
it's because
but she's gonna slap me
uh thanks for hanging out tonight
the fact we didn't lose any viewers
uh on on x according to this is
just a real good show of how
how numbers work over x
that's another thing we've
continued to prove
over the course of this stream
is the erroneous
numbering of x livestreams
um thanks for hanging out guys
we'll probably do this for all
the debates why not
it's a way to
it's a way to watch these things
for sure
can't wait for are they really
gonna is that it
that could be it they could
kind of just stop
i think we get it
i think we know what we're in
for but maybe they will do more
i think there are
i think there's usually more
there's usually at least three
i think
we'll find out
i could imagine either of them
just bailing on this at any
at any moment
just being like actually
reasons we can't
and i would honestly get it
trend and that's it is
i do think the biggest loss
tonight of all was trump
saying he didn't have sex
with a porn star
that is a wild move
to ever
he did he's like i didn't
have sex with her
a rookie move
you always want to
you always want people to think
you did have sex with a
porn star
that's crazy
well i might not be playing
elden ring but jena is
so let's send you over
jena darlings way
ooh and you know we'll get
our favorite thing going
a presidential trap beat
while we send you off
it's a jena raid
boom
listen to this candle
this is presidential hip hop
what's presidential about this
you tell me look at this
look at this church
presidential
well look how cool candle looks
oh my god
yeah secretly
behind a filter the whole time
oh you threw it to me
throw it to me again
well i'll throw it to you
catch it you have to catch it
i caught it with my body
you have to catch it
i caught it below frame
okay the raid is ready to get
oh she's gonna throw it to me again
okay she's done throwing it
it was a really it was a jump shot
okay i'll throw it up
i'll throw it up throw it up
yeah this is the secret stream
at this point we already rated jena
okay have a great night everybody
we'll see you soon have a good