I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said thank you for wishing birthdays for America.
It will always be a beautiful newborn country that smells like fresh milk.
Mind me a daddy.
Yeah.
Ooh, the flies are out one second.
Let me see if I can get these flies out of here.
There go the flies.
It's a birthday stream, maybe a little bit of a short one, but
I thought I'd wear my special birthday Hawaiian shirt and do some news.
Some casual birthday news.
Even Papito's getting in on it.
Papito rocking the finest in Hawaiian dog shirts.
Yeah, this is my casual dog look.
I can't believe we wore the same thing.
That's crazy.
That is nuts.
Oh, this feels weird to me.
I might have to move that.
Due to my own insanity.
Anyway, good to see everyone.
Be Grendel Apple Apple, Greg T.U., Lady Cytrick, Smokepax, Card King, Kev Slider, Greg, T.U.
Again, love the hate.
I love to see you.
Yeah, that's casual, Papito.
The dino's out in honor of my birthday destroying the city,
which I like to see.
Stormburn, great to see you.
Oh, we might do a little news or something.
Whatever.
And then I'll probably play a little Elden Ring to feed my addiction.
I got to get that guy ready and in shape for the expansion.
You bet Krum will refuse to wear a matching shirt.
That does.
Oh my God.
The hype train arrived so aggressively now.
Was that Obama?
Microphone 900 just absolutely pounded 2,000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this, to celebrate Kase's birthday,
I will commit a drone to deliver a cake right into Kase's cake hole.
Perfect that I don't even have to find the cake.
It comes straight to my cake hole, which is exactly where I want it.
It's a win, win, win, win.
Look at Papito go.
Oh boy, he's getting a lot of gifts on my birthday.
Microphone 900, thank you for the 2,000 bits.
Oh my God.
Insanity.
So you're the 100 bits dilemma.
Summoning Obama from Hulu Retirement Microphone 900 with a massive bit drop.
Lady Tide Citrix, thanks for the resub.
That sure is cheese.
Apple travel feeding Papito the hot bits.
Thank you so much.
I guess there is also a hype train here as there tends to be.
Wait, he's trying to save it.
Whoa, level three.
That's what the hype train likes to see.
Insanity, thank you so much.
You know, it's Kase's birthday, but every day is technically,
every time I show up it's my birthday because I die when I'm not here, I'm dead.
It's your rebirth day.
That's even more impressive.
It's my rebirth day every time you summon me.
And that's what I'd even like to see.
I guess that's what the people like to see.
Thank you for the five community subs entity.
Everyone who watches must be subbed.
Oh boy, the birthday is truly popping off.
And we do in fact love to see it.
Hey, not to blow up your spot, but it is actually also my birthday.
This is the, you're in the middle of the hype train, Crumb.
What?
It is also my birthday.
I wore my birthday Hawaiian shirt.
I guess I'm sorry I didn't know.
It just, you never mentioned it.
Yeah, it is also my birthday show.
Listen to that, Jan.
This is Kimber, Jess, man.
Jan 300, Shannon, you tasty cori.
On my birthday?
I'm behind to say this.
Write to Joe Crumb.
I just, you know, I told the whole staff here that it's my birthday.
You could have kind of mentioned it then.
I'm just sure I want it.
I don't like to make a big deal out of it.
That's what you're doing.
You're interrupting.
People are subbing Crumb.
Well, I think it's just, I thought they might be
shoving for my birthday.
So I wanted to thank Skimer for the 300 bits
and Jojo Monopoly for the 100 bits
and Lyman Schleazy for the 100 bits.
I do think you're feeding the dog a bit much cheese.
It's a hype train right now.
Get out of here, Crumb.
You can't believe you interrupted me like that.
This is the one time I have to be alive.
That's just so rude.
It really, it's insanely rude.
I won't let him do that again.
I'm so sorry.
But Peter, please just don't let him
go back on the screen.
I didn't, yeah, I gotta honestly,
I didn't know that I did let him.
I don't get how anything works.
I do forget that sometimes.
Find me.
I need birthday songs.
Find me a birthday trap beat.
The birthday to.
Oh no, that dog is getting abducted.
Get me birthday trap beat.
This is the official,
official k-
k-otonic trap remix of the birthday song.
There it goes.
This is the birthday trap.
Oh, shit, it's another day.
When you're older and you're looking a little gray,
only on the side.
A little fucking gray on the side.
But when you're older, shit, you rocking that skeleton pride.
You looking like mom bra, but he gained some weight.
So now he wears a mom bra because he ate his shape.
That's not.
What?
The birthday to do you, and the birthday to do you.
Hey.
This is sort of my choice to do this on my birthday.
A lot of things he did for the 100 bits again.
We will go amongst the web.
And I've been wished happy birthday by,
by a train.
And all of you.
It's the power of their hype that allows me to wish you happy birthday case.
Never forget that it's all about the power of hype.
You know?
Just getting some of the power of America.
I can't keep letting this trap beat autoplay.
Enough of the trap beat.
Enough of the birthday beat.
This is a happy birthday drill type beat though.
And it's only 58 seconds long.
Oh, that's the perfect amount of time.
Okay.
I'll let the, I'll let the patriotic beat autoplay after this 58 second long drill type happy birthday beat.
The ultimate way to spend your birthday is with this tattooed robbers mask underwent Trent.
Thank you for the 18 months.
18 nasty months.
That's straight up crazy.
There's only a 58 second birthday song there.
Uh, King of Bacon.
Thank you for the community sub.
Congratulations hype train on getting to exist.
If this is due to your birthdays, the one time I've been alive that you're glad that you're alive case.
That's a little dark hype train.
Oh, sorry.
It looks like I've been pretty blown out this whole time.
Let me just, somewhere there's a source doubled or something.
We'll just turn myself way down.
Yeah, turn me down in the head.
Thank you for the three community subs, Card King.
Truly the news is birthday.
Today my news is birthday.
And I hope there's some other news because frankly the birthday is not news.
What do you know about news hype train?
I've seen all the news in the unit.
All right.
It's patriotic news.
We will be going amongst the web shortly.
I'm assuming this hype train is soon bound for hell.
No.
It's a birthday reported on the news.
That's if you're in a news looking room, everything you say is news.
I think that's how it works.
Yeah, that's how it works.
Oh, good.
Hype train, do you want to cover any news?
You've got three minutes of life left.
I mean, I'm a reporter now, so yeah.
Oh, I guess he's a reporter now.
Happy dinky doodle birthday.
It's a birthday for all of America.
It's a hype train birthday.
It's not gonna, it's also my birthday
because I will be born.
I'm born and I will die today.
Let's just tell that works.
Get me a news story.
I'm coming over.
All right.
The hype train is going to shrink in size and come over here.
Great.
You can talk about one of these hot news.
This is fine.
I was going on the world today.
Exxia what I love to report because I choose the news.
Oh, oh, this is some positive news for your birthday.
Researchers estimate that 99.9% chance that I will destroy humankind.
Not if I get to it first.
Woo.
You trying to destroy all of humankind type train?
No.
Ignore the warnings.
I'm not up to no good.
I guess a little for training that reports news to beats.
Well, then reporting news to beats is new.
Thank you so much for the five community subs I worship channel.
Propelling case to greater birthday and propelling me to infinite life.
That's never that infinite hype train.
What if it is one of these days?
Anyway, what's going on here?
Humans have no fear reported in a survey earlier this year.
It might look dark and it might look like you want to get further.
But it was reported by over 2000 researchers that there's a 5% chance
that humans will be driven to extinction among other extremely bad outcomes.
Quite a 5% chance.
That's a bit of a misleading headline.
I said a 99.9% chance.
Well, that's maybe included in the other extremely bad outcomes.
68.3% of respondents said that good outcomes
from superhuman AI are more likely than bad ones.
I don't understand the headline now.
Might have been a bit of a clickbait headline.
What?
I don't like that.
Okay.
When the news comes late.
The only thing that I like to click is on my own train.
They not been baiting all day with my smokestack gray.
I been poppin shit.
All day no doubt.
Goon Squad.
You're gooning now hype train?
I'm gooning on the news.
Some are extraordinarily negative.
Let's see.
Lex Friedman, he predicted that there's a 99.9% chance
AI could wipe out humanity within the next 100 years.
Oh, this is a headline straight from Lex Friedman.
I mean, is it wrong that I want to goon to this?
Why are you into gooning now?
I feel like gooning was popular a couple months ago.
And now we're off the goon train.
I never stopped being the goon train.
I locked the door.
What for?
Gooning now you can't come in anymore.
I got the Provelectic Sacked up.
I tied off my nuts.
And now I'm looved up.
Gooning commenced so I can fuck with myself.
I thought you didn't have genitals.
I don't.
This is all a fantasy.
A fantasy in a world where I can goon.
But instead I'm a train with no genitals.
I'm so sorry, chat.
This is just how my birthday is going.
It's all your fault.
It is all my fault.
Anonymous Gifter, thank you so much for the two community subs.
They gave me a line.
And chat with them train love.
I think it might be birthday love.
No, it's train love.
It's patriotic train love.
In honor of gooning the news.
Thank you for the happy birthday, big J-Dub.
Anyway, what's going on here?
Lex Friedman is also a male fact.
If Lex Friedman says something, you can report that as a fact in a headline.
Pertice of the bite.
We biting off some facts today.
Lex Friedman says we're fucked.
It's more allowing to take on perceived risk.
Lex Friedman says you're fucked if you all just catch my gist.
With Jan Polotski pointing out chaos exists in a larger context where AI gets smart and pissed.
They already made mistakes and we had some accidents.
They've been jailbroken and we honestly haven't controlled them since.
I don't think there's a single large language model today
on which no one was successful at making do something developers didn't intend it to do.
Says Yama Lansky.
That's not the name.
Well, I think we got a bunch of podcast bros think AI is going to kill us all in the next five minutes.
But what if given enough time, they're right.
Oh, relaxing Nintendo music.
Yay.
Lake Lamode.
Oh, we haven't been this deep in the train in a while.
Wow, yeah.
You're so close to that level 25 pipe train.
I'll get there someday.
And then you'll see.
I don't know if you're ever going to get there.
You'll see.
Maybe we do some event stream or something.
Card King, thank you so much for the five community subs.
As we do this relaxing stroll down Lake Lamode.
I love Lake Lamode.
My eyes are filled with power.
I think your eyes are see through.
Four minutes of hype gooning.
Deep beneath the sea.
Riding on the waves with my genitals so free.
The mermaid swim by and they say, do you want some help guy?
And I say, no, thanks.
I'm here to goon.
You goon by yourself.
You have to goon by yourself.
That's the first law of gooning.
You don't get, you gotta do this solo.
Otherwise it's not a challenge.
Sounds better than it should.
I can't, maybe.
I sound beautiful, man.
Gooning in the sea.
Feeling the waves upon my face.
But mostly feeling them with my genitals.
Weak, I understand.
There you goon.
You've never gooned in the midst of the ocean stranded.
After your ship sank.
But instead of panicking you just goon.
And the waves may wash away.
The lube you spreaded all day.
But the water makes you feel so sad.
Coming till seven days later in the afternoon.
Seven and a half, seven days and six hours.
That's my gooning record.
I thought you don't have genitals.
I don't.
But I think about it while I'm in hell.
That sounds right.
It feels right.
Thank you all for keeping me alive.
When you don't keep me alive, I'm vanished directly to hell.
Where I just think about gooning.
Maybe while you're in hell?
No, it's actually heaven's fine with gooning.
That's mostly what they do up there.
Heaven is mostly gooning?
Heaven is just gooning and never having to stop.
Tell me I'm wrong.
I hope it's not that.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Heaven is just gooning.
I guess if it's supposed to be eternal pure bliss.
Which is basically gooning.
What's some other stuff?
These goons could talk.
They'd have some stories to tell.
Of relaxing and prolapsing.
Relaxing and prolapsing.
Thank you for loving me.
Jesus Christ.
Thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone.
Metal chaos with the with the hot birthday and or hype train gooning sub.
It's always on gooning sub.
Every sub you've ever sent my ways.
A gooning sub.
You're kind of a mustache coming in hype train.
I've had a mustache coming in.
As part of being in hell is you never grow your mustache all the way.
But that's why I'd love to be alive.
Gooning in the caboose.
Can your passengers goon at least?
The passengers love to goon.
Just like card king with the five subs.
Don't assume that about card king.
Well, either way those subs are now empowered case's birthday.
And also the power of goon love.
What the hell is goon love?
Self care.
All right.
Oh my god.
What's up Obama?
Oh, he didn't have anything to say.
He's just kind of come out to stare you.
I don't think he appreciates what you're saying.
No, that's a love look.
He's thinking about he's here to show his support for the goons.
Ash is just keeping an eye on it.
In case I break a record.
See you buddy.
Microphone 900 just absolutely.
What?
1000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this.
Oh, you said he still did his little pre his little pre recorded message.
Thank you for the five community subs card king.
Keeping the hype trains goon sesh going all day long.
Well, hey, there's more AI news.
If you want to read that hype train to these chill Zelda beats.
Uh, get me a crash bandicoot trap.
What is that?
I don't know.
Find out.
Crash bandicoot tight beats.
Whoa.
This is kind of harder than expected.
I guess it kind of does.
Oh, crash bandicoot in the phone.
A bandicoot.
She said, whoa, whoa.
Good news, everybody.
I ain't a pusher.
I'm just getting fucking pumped for the first ever beauty AI
influencers.
This is pageant.
You got a talent.
My talent smashing.
I see these AI beauties.
You know why I'm passing.
Great news for venues like fan views holding this AI.
Whoa.
We're finalists aren't human but artificial.
You feel the tissue when there's no issue.
Intelligent personas from around the world
are creating the world's flyest.
I ain't girls.
Well, how do you know who is the most elite?
You need to see these AI beauties compete like only fans.
They got the stands.
Well, now let's see who's got the most demand.
I'm talking who is the flyest computer in the world.
Who zeros and ones are the hottest girl?
Who's got the most ass in the back?
AI hotties on our hanging with Chad.
What?
Chad is in the back with the AI pageant winners
and they're making that beauty a center.
They're saying feed me some of that binary Gucci.
I'm gonna give you a little other Chad.
What?
Chad is fucking AI.
No, they're not.
But that's coming soon.
2025 we gonna send you the hottest AI beauties alive.
You gonna get those shits as an emote.
An emote?
Yeah, but an emote that like talks to you
is like I love you.
I guess I don't think that's gonna happen hype train.
2025 the hottest AI beauties for everyone.
Really?
Our view bots?
Yeah, I mean something like that.
Crash Bandicoot.
Look at this.
Look at this beautiful still frame.
This is a crash bandicoot one part two sample rap beat.
I think somebody just uploaded this is like a placeholder
just to show their work.
You gotta show your work when you're making hot beats.
Look at this guy.
This man's my hero.
Look how you pissed he's shirtless.
He's walking around an island.
That's how everybody wants to live.
That's how everyone wants to live?
Everybody's just trying to be a crash bandicoot.
That's the vibe everyone inspires to.
Shirtless, pissed, attitude, walking around an island.
Choose.
Rockin' the sneaks.
Three environment.
They go speak while he's platforming.
All the hate that he's absorbing.
Me while I'm trans bandicoot transforming I'm becoming the bandicoot.
I don't lose.
Hype train bandicoot.
Me cute.
I feel confused.
Fusion dance.
Bandicoot.
Now I'm wearing only pants with the chest out.
I puff it out.
I'm bandicootin'.
No doubt.
Why not?
Why not?
What?
Why not?
Why not?
Oh my god we're in for more.
Cod came came through to raise the score.
Now we level eight.
Hype train I'm achieving what's great.
What's fuckin' good?
Level eight just because we good.
A careful case.
You know they might hit 25 and then you're gonna have to go.
We have a call for an expert actually which happens to be Crash Bandicoot.
Sorry to cut you off Hype train.
I also do need to go amongst the net before I get out of here for the day or play
a little Elden Ring.
But I feel like Crash Bandicoot deserves the right to respond.
See you all.
All of this.
Well I guess you're kinda hyping them up.
But I don't know how Crash Bandicoot feels about that.
So I guess let's ask them.
Zoom out.
I said zoom the fuck out.
Bandicoot.
I'm in the gut.
No doubt.
What's up?
It's your boy.
It's your boy Bandicoot.
Lookin' cute.
Bandicoot.
What up?
Everybody raps really similarly.
It's weird.
It's weird how you sound honestly quite a bit like the Hype train.
Crash Bandicoot.
Yeah.
I don't give a fuck how I sound.
I'm high off the bandicoot.
I may platform tight.
But in life I'm keeping it loose.
I found a shirt.
That's Hawaiian.
Oh yeah you are wearing a shirt.
Abbey Grendel thank you for the sub.
Look at this next beat that just loaded.
Do you remember this Crash Bandicoot when you were in space with your two pals?
Absolutely not dude.
I'm fucking I'm honestly pretty.
I got pretty fucked up.
Like I got pretty fucked up in space.
I don't remember a lot of what happens there.
So anyway what what did you why'd you call me over here?
Uh you were summoned I need an expert.
On what?
Um a bandicoots?
What's what are bandicoots like?
Bandicoots are the nastiest motherfucking lie.
We do anything we have to survive.
And if you remember the plots of my game.
The challenge is to get some bandicoot brain.
I'm on a fucking crest to get the best head.
And if I don't get sucked then I might get dead.
I gotta collect coins or maybe some shit like that.
But honestly I'm just looking for a mouth that's fast so we can suck.
On this bandicoot buck.
And honestly I am always in luck.
The plot of the pandicoot games is to get my fat dick sucked.
Jesus take it easy and also you said pandicoot.
Well uh that's also a friend named pandicoot.
I don't remember that being the plot of the games.
Do you remember the plot of the games?
Probably like an evil scientist or something?
See if you don't know then you don't then you can't say I'm wrong.
There's gotta be an evil scientist.
An evil scientist from another dimension is trying to teach me crash bandicoot a nasty
lesson that his mouth is the nicest mouth in the universe and I'm going to give it a test
and use it like a purse.
I'm shoving shit in.
It feels good.
I say yeah you know what bandicoot would.
And he opened that mouth wide with the positive science and I learned at the end of the day
he wasn't lying.
Yeah.
Wow okay never mind.
Given this image that just loaded that might be the plot of the crash bandicoot games.
Yeah that's pretty much.
Dr. Cortex he's the best.
I'm giving a force for that.
What?
What are you going to say about Dr. Cortex?
Nothing.
I'm just giving him some loving.
Dr. Cortex all the way to the serve backs.
Yeah you know that when he gives brain it's the nasty best.
He solved gravity and now he's raising me to space with this you know B.B.B.D.
I'm right crash bandicoot.
I apologize for the damage you've done here in the drama stream.
I don't apologize.
I've been dying to tell my truth.
This is your truth.
This is the truth of the bandicoot.
Damn.
Look at him in space there.
Yeah that's that time I was in space.
I went all the way up there just to oh wait I'm a bandicoot.
I'm alive actually.
I'm fine I'm just crash bandicoot so that didn't affect me.
Oh the hype.
The hype train's in trouble at least.
For some reason when the hype train left crash bandicoot also left.
It's funny how that works.
But what can you do?
Thank you so much for all the birthday support.
We learned a lot during that hype train.
We learned there's AI girlfriends that will kill us
and that before they do crash bandicoot will probably test out
if they can give the best brain in the universe.
So I never knew it was the plot of his games but I also don't remember the plot so
I guess he would know better than me.
The hype train was just right.
Oh no and he got slurped into it straight back to hell.
We are very close to the eight hour debate stream.
Damn that is so much faster than I expected.
All right I'm going to start setting this bad boy up.
Eight hot hours of debate.
It's also Kendall's birthday week so I don't think I can do it this week but we
could potentially do it the weekend after this weekend.
Yeah casual crumb showed up just to tell me that it's apparently
somehow also his birthday.
Why is that that surprising?
You're back again.
Well I'd been here after I was rudely basically told to exit my own workplace on my birthday.
I didn't feel like I'd leave.
I just kind of popped in out of nowhere.
Well I'm excited for the debate stream.
That's a great name for it Greg to you.
Eight hours of debate where I plan to make the ultimate crumb back.
Now that there's been the munchback of a notar shameless.
I'm not in the lead currently.
Munch is currently got a very slight lead.
We've been trading it back and forth quite a bit.
Well actually my friend Alan I were trading it back and forth.
Oh so you're now committed to Al being a different person.
I know it sounds crazy but I do believe there's a man there's an actual soul trapped in Munch
and by shattering his mind against the rocks of my excellence.
I unleashed his inner decent guy and I do believe if I run up the score enough I might
be able to bring him back.
There's probably better ways to make friends crumb.
I'm not taking advice on making friends from the guy who spends all of his time doing this.
You spend all your time doing this.
You do.
You do.
You do.
It's not my birthday.
It's my birthday.
I'm not getting pulled into this with you crumb.
Happy birthday.
That's all I was that's all I wanted is for you to wish me happy birthday.
And I suppose then it would only be it would only be fair for me to say
happy birthday to you as well.
And I made you this.
That's our stock good job graphic that I made.
I made the same graphic.
That's crazy.
You made that too.
Gina Darling is the best the best debate and we could probably get Gina to pop in for a debate.
Whoa raspy girl with the five shoves in honor of my birthday.
Yeah I'm Hawaiian style today because it's a birthday and I'm going to a tiki bar later.
Me too.
You can't just do everything I'm doing.
It's all independent plans.
We're supposed to go amongst the net.
I'll come amongst the net with you.
But put on your suit and then change depending on the shot.
I'll do that.
Let's go amongst the web.
I mean I'm the one who says that but fine if you want to go amongst the web with me today
I guess that's okay.
We're going amongst the web.
Case change so fast.
Wow it's great to it's great to be in a different environment.
As my birthday present I requested to do a segment with someone who doesn't despise me.
My good friend one of my best friends, Case.
And what are you waiting for?
Just for you to you know agree.
Okay let's get into some web videos.
Let's get into some web videos.
Case is really good at quick changing.
Well he has a producer come and stand right here.
For continuity and then he rushes in whenever we switch the shot.
Is that what's happening?
Yeah that's what's happening.
Turns out that's what's happening.
We've got some hot web videos loaded up.
Let's see what we have today.
Oh my can I show this?
I can't show that.
Sorry someone was doing some really impressive stretching but also that stretching might
have led to some self.
We'll call it self gooning.
To be generous.
All right let's see here's um I'm a huge fan of laser shows and I think this might be
a my sort of a preview of one.
Let's see how this fellow's doing.
Oh I wanted more.
I wanted even more.
That's okay.
I like I I don't goon like a mad man.
I don't have the time.
I'm going to wait till I'm in the kingdom of god before I spend all my time gooning.
What you're going with that too?
Well that's just classic biblical script that uh the kingdom of god is a goon cave.
I don't know what church you guys are going to but does not sound right.
I think that's pretty good.
I think people don't allow you to nap enough at parties because oftentimes you're very sleepy.
Shandstorm does demand a high rating but it's also
it's reasonable to sleep to the to the song sandstorm because it's such a classic that it
that it might soothe you remind you of the good old days when just you and eight of your best friends
would eat Doritos uh watch the news and listen to sandstorm when you were 14.
What did you do?
You know just you and eight of your middle school best pals would sit in the new
sit in the basement watch 24-hour news stations and eat um
barbecue flavored Doritos all of that every part of what you said
other than being in the basement does not track for me.
You know kid stuff let's just try another video.
Let me just check that out again because I am always looking for a good energy awakening
class and I so I just want to take in the room that's beautiful that's a 10 for me that's an
easy 10. You like that? You like the energy awakening class?
Um yeah well I mean I go to the energy awakening class with my wife
it's a studio run by John Sebastian oftentimes he has the husband wait in the other room
but then he takes my wife into another room and I hear the energy awakening going on
and she comes out at an incredible mood so I would really recommend it to any married couple.
John Sebastian's energy awakening class thank you for the 50 bits.
Donna my wife is just in a great mood for weeks he usually only will do one or so sessions
a month with any given couple but the time I spend in that waiting room is I just have a
big smile on my face because I can hear how much of her energy is being awakened and she just
she always makes me an incredible meal afterwards a meal of her own happiness that's great from
I do energy practice with my wife as well um but you know it's just it's sometimes
it's good to consult an expert and John back John um you forget his name John right
yeah John okay John yeah I it's great that's great chrome and uh congrats that was a seven like a seven-ish
I think score so John seen his energy awakening class oh I would absolutely take her to that
I bet he could awaken a lot of my wife's energy good for you and belulia okay let's uh let's
check out this Rubik's cube oh this is a Rubik's cube thing whoa oh the first part was in real time
this is the slow-mo that's let's see that again wow oh my god and well you know it's crazy with
enough practice you can actually do that too I think the world record is around that I don't think
human hands can do that crumb no I've seen I could um one of my kids schools they used to
have these competitions for like this and cups um some of those kids you know is like watching
mr. Roboto that's that's cool did your kids ever do that oh they tried but
they unfortunately inherited what I call my clumsy uh clumsy crumb fingers
clumsy clumsy crumb fingers clumsy crumb fingers um we're great at big movements but we're less
good at precise intricate um movements it's the same thing that um the current king has king
Charles or whatever king Charles or whatever you know the current king it's like he has sausage
fingers I just have clumsy crumb hands it makes very hard to do intricate movements
you know like hard for me to even pick these sunglasses up do I look good in these I just
bought these is this a good look I'd literally just bought the same sunglasses I can't help it if
we have similar taste there's I do not have similar taste to you look like is it a bit of a pit bull
look it's because any bald man in glasses kind of looks like mr. worldwide I think has our heads
are shaped like a globe see I can dish it to myself as well I can have fun in a more playful
environment I'm glad you're having fun crumb I am on my birthday it's my birthday
I'm just gonna take those off me too okay want to see some minions I love minions let's check it out
you I can't wait for the next for the film where the minions are superheroes that's
actually because that's just combining so many beloved genres the genre of minion and the genre
of superhero let's see if you love minions don't scroll right above me is a picture of
a minion washing another minions feet okay we both know a minion never did that but let me tell you
who did Jesus he came down to the earth he humbled himself all for the purpose of redeeming yeah of
paying the price for your sins yeah save you and ultimately to have a relationship with you and
so if you want to receive the peace the joy and the love that can only be found in Jesus comment
below Jesus I receive you into my heart and subscribe now God bless what a positive video
what a beautiful positive video that's exactly the kind of thing I like exclamation point 100
God bless appraise me to his name and it's really nice to see the minions attached to such a
positive message you really like that I know a lot and some people say that's an AI generated
image or whatever but I think if the image is positive enough then AI has a lot of really
useful applications like generating biblical images of the minions because anything that gets the word
of God out I think is positive well it's a bit more split in chat uh from 4.6 is a position you
can grow from I mean it might not be a position I can grow from but Jesus can you can take it
easy on the self burns that wasn't so much a burn but just a recognition of limitations
nothing wrong with that yeah it was a penis joke I just I thought that you made those
that we do 4.6 is fine I didn't say it wasn't yeah I didn't say it wasn't either a weird
energy in here today I wonder who's fault that is maybe it's the monkey do not blame him
see what this kid's up to let's check in with the youths of America American youths good morning my
name is glitch and today I'm going to be sharing with you some light codes in the form of like
no language is a language I've spoken Spana chie thank you for the raid you guys came just in time
to learn whatever this guy's saying I hope you had a great stream thank you for the birthday wishes
it is indeed my motherfucking birthday um and also just for the record you might not be familiar
with me but it is also my birthday it's also crumbs birthday he's said I'm not it just is
it's just a fact that it also is it's also crumbs birthday so but thank you for the birthday wishes
um you guys haven't seen this one yet so you're gonna have to be sharing with you some light
codes in the form of light language now light language is a language I've spoken channel from
channel from source consciousness that are different energies and different uh coding that like help form
you like subconsciously and help your energies in your org field and great great great great
in different ways um today the light codes are going to be for awakening and healing they're very
basic kind of energies um so if you'd like to receive this you can say yes if no we almost
had our first zero next post
it's
not that's our lowest yet that is our lowest yet
these are codes by the way thank you for receiving and happy birthday I love these
they just put that in um the next time you're playing moral combat that's actually how you
unlock uh real blood in the snes version
I'm just trying it
I wouldn't do that I don't sound like maybe you were doing some offensive accent or something
what no those are the light codes yeah I'm pretty sure he said gooning in there I didn't I don't I
the gooning is for the kingdom of heaven someday we're all gooning with christ
I don't do you understand what gooning is positive shelf care
baseball let's check out some baseball this one served a center field Bobby Wayland
surveying looking and that ball is gone oh no wait where how did you even see where the ball went
ran away this one served a center field Bobby Wayland surveying looking and that ball is gone
I lost track of the ball and but did he maybe he got it I don't think he got it I don't know
maybe he just needed some energy codes
extirpator thank you for the 19 months from I think you're just doing
like the the tattooing java the hut talk
they George Lucas stole those from the inherent energy codes of the universe
malacapabli clot these are the stuff that John John my wife's energy coach
he does they make all sorts of noises like that and I do too
just gonna pull up another video before you keep talking about that whoa that's loud
that was a 6.4 something scored at least let's see what this guy's deal is quiet now
sweet potato jams yeah I think I get where this is going
sweet potato yeah sweet potato yeah
yeah yeah yeah sweet potato yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah sweet potato yeah oh shit
yeah yeah yeah yeah sweet potato jams yeah yeah yeah yeah sweet potato jams
that's pretty good yeah sweet potato jams
what else oh my god the suspense is killing me
sweet potato jams oh our first over nine
sweet damn it's not for me I prefer a little more substance to my lyrics I just felt like
there could have been a little more creativity in the lyrics all right crumb what all right man
you just said yams a lot that's like when rappers rhyme like you know bug and lug what
rapper is rhyming bug and lug you just mean you gotta put more effort into your lyricism
all right man the gorilla liked it I don't I'm not we're having fun it's both of our birthdays
I'm having a great time maybe I should play elder and ring with you later that's okay
that's okay I can only play a little bit so I'm okay don't see a bear yeah I do want to see a bear
oh she's still using the camera though oh oh he's getting more pissed oh oh we
need some therapy after this apparently we do need some therapy now is that is it safe I mean
I guess as safe as you can be in a cage with a bear outside of it I can make the elton jump
well if we run into patches we're basically running into a someone say a cooler version of you
hey that's sounds like a guy I'd like to meet wow another highest of the day that woman getting
attacked by a bear but in a cage she was in a cage a ruin bear probably could
it's got enough um stance breaking just shatter that box stance break let's do two more it's my
birthday so okay I do two more we'll do two more crumb let's see this is the requested ATW
this is from live in sleazy apparently this was requested so it might have been from someone
else then live in sleazy wisely put it in here for us thank you to both of you oh oh my gosh look
at tasty go perfect perfect perfect holy hell this is the birthday gift I needed this has to be a 10
look at these moves a 22 combo
another nary nary a flaw in sight oh kev slider with the upset he said this isn't a 10
she's only a nine so close
but perfection is is hard to achieve so far nothing is hit 10 except for the gorilla
damn these are all perfects this is crazy tasty straight up home to square yes he did
and a beautiful combination did he goon we might not be able to goon anywhere but heaven but tasty's
getting awfully close damn the highest score of the day by a mile or you know 0.8 did you probably
broke it oh that was absolutely beautiful it's great to see a master at work you know sometimes when
you see art you just observe and that's all we had to do we're finally in agreement hey I don't
mean to be difficult happy birthday crumb you know you might kind of have put force yourself down
here a little bit oh what no I just happened to stop by I mean I work here that's fine it's
if it's your birthday then have your birthday well it's my birthday this time next month my
birthday is actually July 10 but isn't that crazy like we're that close I consider if you're in the
strike zone of a month it's kind of like you share a birthday of congratulations to tasty on that
incredible performance what I hear him I'd like to see you try please please I've never been
fired before I honestly don't need this job but I've never been fired before I'm not going
to fire you if I was going to fire you I would have fired you for all those times you said you
were going to drown babies I've never said that it's just it's throwing babies out with bath water
I and I don't use it anymore I don't use that particular parlance anymore let's just end
things off with a gorilla video now that we've seen tasty blow our minds let's just call
ourselves down with a gorilla video I'm continuing my video documentary of the shitting
want to thank you for the six months for this squirrel this squirrel tends to hide its shit
underneath leaves so I'm sure that there'll be some shit in here whoa
only 10 jobs to the debate an eight oh can we show this shit it's a big foot and a sand
squash they're holding hands oh they're in love whoa oh my god this is huge season or something
this is huge holy shit it's another snag squash what's she doing well she's pissed she's pushed big
foot no she's smacking the shit out of that oh no she's got bigger boobs oh okay I noticed but
you don't have to comment on that here it is look at this we have got a regular cat fight going
out here wow holy handfuls of pure they care what bigfoot must have got busted on a booty call
are you kidding me look at this oh now he's pissed at at the eight point four four
he just gave it a finger and now she's pissed at him well she's where is this going how long is
the rumour there wait hold on baby it's just you and me now oh no uh oh come on shoulder to cry on
no no no no don't go come on Jesus this guy's really this guy's really desperate my god this
is being really desperate any women around here damn it I don't know if our gorilla likes that one
I don't feel like that video is being fair to forest gorillas well they were big foot
it's different I can just tell he's playing kind of angry now he's a pro obviously he's
going to keep playing but he looks a little angry oh you changed again okay yeah yeah I apologize
for my enjoyment of that I apologize rockifier gorilla I don't think he accepts but it's a good
step he doesn't accept well maybe with time I can run back as trust probably not he's sort of a one
chance there really yeah but we do have to get out of here so let's end it on that note oh okay um
but like I guess that is all the time we have for today I'm being told I need to go for
to therapy for my hatred of yams and then I do think case wants to play a little elvin ring before
he he goes out for the night a night on the town shall I come shall I come to give me the
double birthday boys it's your we'll go in July when it's your birthday uh the mighty oz the
might oz however you prefer to say it thank you so much for the five five tier one shoves
conscripting so many of you into the news this is the news this is the news
these are serious debate network it's a debate network well we're what I do is sort of the
main event so it's mostly a debate network okay uh thank you thank you all uh but thank you so much
especially to um for the for the subs to the mighty oz and to everyone who subbed during this
segment and everyone's who subbed all stream let's get crumb over to therapy and see what
we feel like doing uh for the rest of the stream it's time to exit the web and and de
de-monster we're going de-monster the web is that in my head what's happening no don't push the
camera I'm frightened I'm frightened now are you okay say something if you're okay all right
anything I'm gonna go to therapy I'm gonna go to therapy oh uh lube coming through about two
we'll do a little quick therapy with lube chef there's any other segments that are demanded I think
that's the last one we have on the docket for today though you're always welcome to demand a segment
that's why they're there to be demanded oh we do also have a new conspiracy segment if anyone
um what didn't see it's very blown out introduction I'm having some kind of sound
issue that I have to sort out with this stream um someday we will and in the meantime we'll
just send crumb to therapy he's already locked in and over there so no need to wait let's um
let's check in with crumb at the at the doctors do you need your glasses
because I'm gonna put mine on thank you what happy early birthday crumb how have you been
um pretty good looks like maybe we need to move that there we go
who we're gonna have to reorient how this therapy sesh looks we'll just leave it we'll just leave it
do you miss your hair oh we're just getting right into it um
you know recently I actually briefly started regrowing phantom hairs and I found it unsettling
I actually love the smoothish of my head um it gives me a consistent facial and scalp tan
uh I can get it really it's very easy to um moisturize my scalp now and to know that the
moisture is getting all the way into the root of the scalp so I would say honestly here's a little
overrated there's a reason as a species we've been losing it over the years and if I could be a
completely smooth being I absolutely would be a monster a monster mounting monster what
Dr. Chath looks real
it uh yes or are you worried you don't you're a filthy liar oh you don't think you look real
why is your best feature your personality because really um as Yoda once said
uh beings of light are we I think something like that and um and that light is our is is that is the
is the hue of our soul and our our personality is that hue shining through so that the the world
can observe the brilliance of our being and so I I prefer to be judged by more than my body
and by my lovely personality which I have honed over the years um into what I consider a
delicate cupcake of friendliness what's a phantom hair oh it's just we need to looks
like there's hairs on you but when you reach up you feel no hair
show me the dolly where the yams touched you whoa I wasn't that didn't happen
duke duke duke duke duke duke duke duke duke don't try to force this out of me yams aren't
capable of of that and um it's a fairly dark subject to broadcast who would collect more
objects crash bandicoot or gex gex crash bandicoots he's a little too wild he's a little more and um
gex has more of a james bond vibe because he quotes james bond all the time and he and he's
no and he's worn a white tux so he's got basically mi6 training and crash bandicoot is just
a shirtless australian from how do you stay so awesome and great while working with a thing like
munch it's a really good question um I think when you're faced with uh sort of the personification
of injustice it's important to stay true to your core principles have a really strong sense of self
which is why every night uh after I've had a after I've had a debate with munch I take a
really long bath I put on my favorite sax music um not from Kenny logins actually from a guy named
benny joggins one of my favorite sax man like he's local he only releases his stuff on tape
put that on and fill my bath with salt just regular salt you don't need to spring for bathing
salt be at bath salts you can just use regular salts in the tub um and I just really center
myself and I listened to pod shave america when I run on a sax music fair point yes shut up oh
okay get enough of that show before if you didn't talk to me like that you wish you could re-energize
your wife like the good doctor does I mean that's why we go to these sessions so I can learn
I was rooting for you was how was your hand game lately strong strong as ever I mean you know
every guy has hand game not enough guys are willing to talk about it I keep mine strong
I watch the tapes back I make sure that I'm in the game and that the game is strong and I change
as strong as ever because because dr chath is malfunctioning must reset are you a robo
damn I forgot to take mushrooms recently this guy has ascended
that's kind I don't think you actually need hallucinogenics to reach enlightenment I actually
think the other way to do it is through pure meditation but I do appreciate that you're no
artist an artist respects the silence that serves as the foundation of creativity well
actually I don't really consider myself an artist I can think of myself more as a
um an opinion maker and a taste maker sweet potato yams oh not a fan
crash only collects one object geck's collects many that's exactly my that's exactly my point
serud dandstorm okay crumb high five uh okay I'll come in if you come in
what is the truth of why cremton chased you out of town well it just is an electoral process
it's not you know it's a it's I think it's a little dramatic when they say
political officers are chased out of town I think it's a democratic system where
you know there's necessary turnover for appropriate representation and I think
given the right context I could return why do you dislike the yams so much what did they do to you
was it dirty did you like it because it's okay if a part of you you know did
I just I'm not a fan of the taste of yams you can read into it all you want but it's a food
notorious sex guy benny joggins yeah he's really good why do you only use power to potty toilets
um well there just there's one outside of our bathrooms you've been on the fridge we rented
one and at this point I kind of wish we bought it because I don't know when that
portapot when our normal toilets are going to be fixed we have eight bathrooms and you know
we're all using world cramming into one portapotty outside is it tiring because is it tiring
being you yes yes i love the bath cell well just salsa in a bath it keeps your skin it
challenges your skin in a way that regular water doesn't why is much so much better than you
oh okay this is challenge therapy I like that are you cheating on your wife with a blanket
oh I can't grow so he tapes it tapes what to answer the ring to answer the are you a robo question
yes I am a robo a fraudster a con you just threw a lot at me doc a lot at me rapid fire
so to answer all three or four he's not better than me and and you're not going to rattle my
confidence by saying he is if you're asking what I tape and you're referring to the hand game
comment yes occasionally I take it to review the tapes because I'm looking for ways to improve
why am I cheating on my wife with a blanket she's aware of the blanket we actually share it and
my night events are not intentional it's basically like snoring but you know with your genitals and
frankly if you are a con I would I appreciate you being up front about it but I wish that you
I would like you to clarify what you're lying about you sell the piece of egg from which you
hatched I'm not I was born with what they call um egg scallium condition where there's bits of
hard skin that do kind of come off with a little bit of sort of a mucusy membrane underneath them
but those are just basically it's like a prehensile tail and it all fell off you know shortly after
I was birthed surprising very nice meditation is an alt slowest one though what meditation is an
alt the slowest one though oh you're talking about the speed of psychedelics to achieve
enlightenment but it's true enlightenment if you if you got it out of a out of a drug
oh crumb can't be around salts how's your grandma um I can and then she's good are you bald all over
yes I'm sorry that's a gut reaction but yes I didn't want you to know that but yes
goonie will make you go blind well you don't need eyes in heaven because god does the sheen for
you I can't tell humorous in terp live is wild and fantastic uh okay you make me sad I don't intend
to do that with anybody I am told that by a number of people I don't quite get it because I feel like
I bring a lot of positive energy to most situations but if that's how you feel well I
can't control how you feel can I and that's actually something I made peace with a long
time ago doc so good try understandable yes absolutely why do you use coupons for polis
massages I can ask questions too what the eyebrows well that doesn't I'm I'm and I have chest here
everything else is smooth were you where were you on 9 11 uh I mean I was at a deli near the twin
towers but I don't consider myself a survivor do you bored for the lord um I can't I can't surf
but if I could I would god isn't real did you got to get the memo religion is a lie again I appreciate
the sort of um what's the word contact not contact therapy but you can be you can change stuff like
that but you're not gonna you're not gonna rattle my faith for even a second praise me in his name
someday I'll be goonin with the lord and uh it'll be a goon time modern medicine is a lie that I do
agree with in parts why can't I answer questions correctly uh well you know and unfortunately as
we've learned over the past I'd say several decades the truth is a moving target um and I do think our
sort of factless and baseless society is an unfortunate consequence of a fractured and
trustless media sphere but I do think the thing it replaced was potentially equally unhealthy
which is an unchallenged primary narrative um that you know led to a general acceptance of various
principles uh that didn't really reflect the reality of the world why do you eat all your meals in the
office port-a-potty well I actually do think we need to get to a how-to show were you upset
that munch that munch was brought back to life yes yes I was because you killed my friend
sometimes you have to let a part of you die to be a better person and I wish that that
munch had done that with his entire personality if god is real then your friend al is trapped in
hell if god isn't real he would be in hell he's in there and I where it probably is a hell being in
that man's head but I intend to get him out like in um like in the film the core I will drill to
the core of the earth even if I must sacrifice myself as the noble doctor who discovered on obtain
him I mean I was hardcore atheist till I did DMT 45 times and talked to the hindu beings and was
like ah shit you again not just a schism of my consciousness I that's a common experience I think
for a lot of people that do um that do hallucinations they experience beings that seem to come completely
from outside of themselves and while I do appreciate you entering the flock of faith I would just say
I hope that you can do so in the reality as we experience unfettered by chemicals I just prefer
to live queen you should go to hell and save al I intend to and that hell will be the debate
with an its d eb 8 and I will emerge with hopefully him alive again uh and the beast slain that is
the ego monster munch wouldn't even show up to work to wish case a happy birthday and I think
that's enough shed all chemical well okay well um I guess I guess that'll do it for today and uh
and let's send it back to case shall we check it one second uh wrong one
uh um one second and now we're sending it back to case sent it back to me
birthday shirt monday the debate is almost upon us we got here way faster than I thought we would
although to be fair I forgot that uh it was almost my birthday thank you red eye shop
do appreciate it we had the request for a how to just make sure there how to get from apple dapple
missed a dapple would you would it bother you if we save that for tomorrow because tomorrow
we definitely want to do our kitchen stream and I think if I'm going to elden ring I have to
probably switch over now but I also hate to not pay off a request you can you can request whatever
how to's you want out of him um when he does it tomorrow if that's all right I forget how hard
that cream rises I gotta ring in the elden I have to finish making this character so I can blast
all the new content with science eyes okay cool also if you would prefer it today that is
also completely fine because at the end of the day it's all just crazy stuff uh let's send it over
to elden ring in that case I will turn off these little segment alerts for now look at that look
at those dinos go pito thanks for all the birthday wishes pito's been wishing me happy birthday
all day oh actually he's puking did it sound like I was saying happy birthday yeah you were
like happy birthday case oh that's just how I puke oh I guess he did sound a little strained I was
because I was vomiting it wasn't from the cheese um I ate a bunch of chemicals in the bathroom
forgot we spilled all those chemicals on the floor in there and they tasted good
but they wouldn't stay down and I kept trying
oh thanks no that's just I thought one was coming
anyway don't do that but be it up okay well let's send it over to um elden ring it's probably gonna crash
it loves to crash when I change these scenes over but I will reload it shortly if it does
uh see you on the other side of the veil with any luck