I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Rock over London! Rock on Chicago Diet Pepsi Hop!
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this! I'm Pepito!
Oh my eye! Oh god my eye! Right away!
Hello everybody! It's the news, it's the news again or whatever this stream is at this point. I don't know.
Hope you're all having a lovely...
Uh, oh wait, I was trying to catch this to fix it but I never... I missed it again.
This huge... you're talking about this thing?
It's got Thor on the front of it.
It's my friend Jayman, my stickers.
Anyway, good to see everybody. Hope you're having a lovely start to your week after a weekend of news or other things that you might have been doing.
How high can I get this hair up?
Am I... semi back to normal? Am I Thor? Maybe.
I mean I'm unaware of me being Thor but I'm down to throw my hat in as the god of thunder.
Lightning? Whichever.
Hello Ray Silva, Boulevard Trask, Bonsai Bullfrog, Live and Sleazy, Skymer, Rattle Chaos, Propaganda, Greg T.U.
Ray Silva? Others most likely in there? Dilemma, good to see you.
If I'm Thor maybe I should take some aspirin?
I could use some.
You did help, Psycorp. Good to see you. You're an Other?
Like from Lost?
If you could be a Lost Other, the Others... Would you join the Others from Lost?
That's my big question of the day. For you, Chat.
If you could join the Others from the show Lost, would you do it?
That's a stupid question.
Why?
Yeah of course I would.
Do you know what they are?
Meat.
Maybe? Yeah they were okay.
I just want to be the smoke monster. Everybody seemed pretty invested but they did have to just live...
I guess you have to be religious?
I'm religious. I'm the Pope of this street.
You are my Others. Let's go to an Island together and wait for a light to go off or something.
Oh so you have seen Lost?
No I don't know.
Can you join the Dharma Initiative?
I don't want to do that.
Why?
Initiative? It sounds like work.
Kay and Sawyer got fucked a lot? Oh they just fucked a lot.
They fucked that much?
You know I recently watched it and they definitely had sex but I can't remember how much.
I wish I could remember that.
Can you join the Dharma and Greg Initiative?
Now we're talking. I'm in. I've never seen that show.
But I like both names and I like people that give me food.
Kate Actress is no anti-vax. That's actually her name. Is Kate Actress?
I'm a huge fan of Kate Actress.
That's the name of the actor too. You nailed it.
I've heard she had opinions that were not my faves.
But I assume that's probably true of a lot of actors.
Evangeline Lilly.
Yeah she got in trouble with Disney or something.
She's still an ant woman but they don't like her as I don't know.
She still seems like she's still affiliated right?
Homework can wait. You heard she was dumb?
I heard that about most things. I've heard most things are dumb.
A lot of... I mean who am I to talk?
Anyway that was my question for chat of the day.
I'll get right on making a graphic for that.
Thank you Pappito. That's a don't though. I probably will forget to do it.
And that's the news.
That's all the news everybody. Good night.
No we should...
I'll talk about the major news events of the weekend.
Pappito give us a loss related sermon please.
Did you get me sermon music yet?
No I don't have that as an easy trigger.
I'm sorry. Wait that's your the producer.
No I asked you to do it as the producer case.
And you failed.
Shoot okay I apologize again.
Wait no you're just tricking me.
I'm a dog case if you're tricked by me that means you're really stupid.
This is Eric Sermon music. I found it.
This is Eric Sermon.
Just like new day.
Okay more copyright strikes for us I guess.
This is not exactly what I think you were meant.
This is exactly what I meant.
In the beginning there were good rates on filming on beaches in Hawaii.
And the CEO of... I can't remember if it was NBC or ABC said...
And we shall speak on to the guy who owns this beach in Hawaii.
And onto him we will spend like 20 million dollars on a pilot and that's unheard of.
And from that pilot will spring forth the vile abomination that is the combination of Prestige TV with...
Um like cliffhanger based serial television designed to hook the viewer.
And onto us we pass the whole new genre of TV that still persists to this day.
In the space between thoughtful entertainment and just whatever who gives a fuck.
You think what's gonna happen entertainment.
And thus we learn that there really was never a difference between the two.
Amen.
And praise and now give me food.
That was pretty... you seem to have a lot of opinions on law.
I have not seen laws case. I'm a dog.
I just I hear the holy word. I hear the holy voice.
I saw the YouTube video pull up.
Okay.
It was giving me all the opinions on law.
Amen.
Thank you to Eric Sermon for giving us that sermon music.
You can't deny that it's sermon music.
I never would.
Okay, let's talk about the general gross violations of human rights, American rights, all the rights.
Let's talk about all the rights that aren't happening.
It's news time.
It's still your the guidance.
Don't let them take it from you.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Take you on a trip to history.
America is like a space jam DVD.
Hello everyone.
Greg To You's shouting out my good personal friend General Gross Violations.
A great American who has served his country as one of our generals for a long time.
And I appreciate that the rest of us are celebrating our troops and law enforcement just like me.
Your number one CIA sponsored newscaster.
Rick, you were just here.
Yeah, but we're talking about.
I didn't really pay attention to the news this weekend.
Rick, that's not true.
I really wasn't really keeping up with what happened.
Why are you here then?
I maybe I got with this morning that people are upset with something or other.
But your favorite testosterone salesman me.
I sell it to you via setting a good example by being so high team myself.
Well, anyway, I don't really care.
You have to say Rick.
That makes two of us.
Okay.
Well anyway, I'm sure all of you heard.
You think Rick pulled the trigger?
Yeah, we don't.
I don't even really know who was down there.
I don't work for ICE directly.
I mean, sure, I appreciate the thing that they're doing the things that they're doing to the overall American consciousness.
You know, if anything, they're a side project for the CIA.
Okay.
But I, you know, do I agree with everything they do?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, I don't that we don't need to hear from you then.
What are some rights of been foot Friday to come?
Of course, genital slit right to piss.
That's got to be one of them and piss rights.
Are those two different things?
The right to piss and piss rights are two different things actually.
They're legally distinct.
One is very straightforward.
It's the right to piss.
Okay, do you agree with that right?
His rights though are the rights of the piss itself.
And those are pretty limited.
You're anti piss rights.
I'm pro piss rights.
I'm just saying it's limited rights.
Well, the right to piss, the most celebrated been right.
And I can't deny that.
It's so good to be here.
You're the one who decided to show up.
And anyway, I'm sure all of you heard over the weekend, there was another ice shooting of a killing.
There was an execution.
There was just a straight up execution in the streets of a nurse in Minneapolis who was filming some cops and also trying to help a woman up off the ice.
I'm more is unfortunately, but yes, there was a there was a nurse out in a protest.
He was filming the cops.
They started, I'm not going to show you the video because once again, it's an execution video.
But they're fucking with some lady.
He tries to help the lady.
They start fucking with him.
They shove him to the ground.
They take away his gun.
And then they riddle him with bullets.
There's really no other way to put it that might sound over dramatic.
Well, there you go.
Thanks everybody for.
Oh my God, I'm hearing noises in the distance.
My videos are out of play.
I'm so easily distractible.
Anyway, I might sound like, you know, I'm being over dramatic.
Obviously, I am more likely to support the protesters over ice law enforcement.
But if you watch the video, unless you've taken a drill bit, unless you've taken an actual icicle and shoved it into a drill bit,
unless you've taken an actual icicle and shoved it into your brain.
You know, it's just, it could not be more blatant what happened.
You've probably seen the video.
If you haven't, unfortunately, you should watch it.
It is a murder.
But it's a murder that I think unless there's consequences for it happening, more of them will continue to happen.
There's been, what, three shootings in Minneapolis by ice agents in the last month.
And I think it will only get worse as they try to flood cities with these fucking people.
So anyway, I mean, I don't have anything fun to say about it.
I don't know who would or why they would.
It's bad.
It's on trend of general government overreach from this fucking agency and this administration.
And I am, and the only bright spot is that protesters in Minneapolis are continuing to protest and speak out against this.
And if you look at all of the guy who died, he was like a nurse at the VA, seemed to be all the things that, you know, the people who supposedly support ice.
He seemed to be all the things other than a like vicious racist that American values purport to want people to be.
He was like helping his community.
He was using his civic voice and bonus American points.
He was a legal gun owner.
But those, none of those things seem to matter because Team Trump want to do violence.
I don't know.
I don't I don't have any particular political insights into what will happen out of this moment.
But it does seem like this is an insane overreach on their end.
Begrile says I don't even think he was a protester.
He was just seeing a woman get harassed by ice.
I do think he was a protester.
I could be mistaken, but I mean, again, it's totally everything he was doing was legal.
It's legal to film law enforcement.
It's legal to help a lady up.
It's legal to have a firearm in Minnesota.
I think concealed carry laws totally a thing there.
He was within his rights to have.
I mean, I'm not the biggest fan of carrying guns all over the place, but he was legally within his right to.
And you know who else is carrying guns all over the place?
Fucking ice.
And they're the only ones who used one in this case.
So yeah, just a straight up execution in the streets.
It's possible that they like, bumbled it.
Like, they got nervous and shot him, and that's the reason why that doesn't really improve things at all.
But it's a fucking disaster.
Listen up, Jack.
BigJDub91 just mammajammed 300 Shine E.
Taste E coins, and I've been dying to say this.
They took his gun and shot him.
Mr. President, you sound different today.
What's up with that?
You tell me what are you, that's who our former president.
That was not me.
Solid Biden.
That was a solid Biden.
Let me see what might have happened there.
Let me see if I can see what might have happened there.
I think I could see the problem here.
Oh, God, he's back.
He's back for more.
Listen up, Jack.
BigJDub91 just mammajammed 300 Shine E.
Taste E coins, and I've been dying to say this.
I will avenge his death.
Man, Biden's taken a much harsher tone after the events of this weekend.
I hope all Democrats follow his example, although that remains to be seen.
Okay, I think I...
Guys, I think I might have already destroyed the button here.
Listen up, Jack.
It's come to just man again 300 Shine E.
Taste E coins, and I've been dying to say this.
Do I talk like this now?
Fucking ACU, bozos in 2028.
Biden, as soon as you mention your voice, you're back to normal?
Aw, shucks, man.
Aw, jeez.
Aw, shucks.
I shouldn't have said that, man.
Classic Biden stuff.
What the hell's happening right now?
It's the hype train.
I know it's contextually not appropriate given what I was just talking about.
But this is the way I set up the stream, Rick.
This is a mess.
You're a mess.
Uh-oh.
No.
That's all you got.
No.
That Biden was cooler.
Well, that could be a slight preview for certain segments where possibly you'll be hearing
probably too much of that voice.
But I'll never tell you which segment has that voice.
Ugh.
How many kids?
Eight kids.
Eight kids.
James, get control of your dogs.
This is a problem.
There's no law and order allowed in this country.
Dogs are taking hallucinogenic teeth.
Empresses are appearing in the middle of the air.
And yet we're supposed to just act like law enforcement is the problem?
Yes.
Yes, I'll take more passers in the air, please.
Stop it.
Everybody calm down.
Not allowed to be excited right now, okay?
Rick is on the case.
Literally.
Too many case phones today.
None of them.
Therapy.
No, we don't need therapy.
What we need is national priorities, okay?
And all of them are out of work.
I swear you can't stop giving bits and songs.
I love you.
That is not allowed, okay?
I mean you are not allowed to take concealed bits
to this stream.
Concealed bits?
What even is that?
Everybody settles out of these bits and subs, okay?
This is not the time.
What do you have against bits and subs, Rick?
Look at this.
Look at what's happening back there.
I'm just supposed to let that out.
Oh, great.
Great.
Great.
You're probably gonna talk to a train, though,
aren't you, Kay?
Card King underscores zero one,
just absolutely pounded 1,000 sweep bits
straight into this great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this.
First decree, fuck with.
Second decree, reset Biden's voice to solid snake.
Then give that man a toxin headband.
Third decree, fuck with.
I never liked you.
Ah, shoot.
I tried to fight it when I just, oh.
Really, still?
I mean, I think you are dropping bits,
swapping subs.
Disgusting.
That's why this country's in the, oh, great.
And I'm just supposed to let this lotion
run all over my hand.
Because that's what freedom is,
and then I'm supposed to,
that's another just instinct.
So Richie said I've been doing all the work
but lately that's why my voice was like that.
They have the opposite effect as hell.
I still hear, ah, there we go.
You have to salute every president.
Some of us still believe in this country, Kay.
Really?
You see, pretty, I guess a lot of the fundamental
establishing rights in this country, like protesting
and for some reason having guns.
Look, I agree of course that everyone should have guns
just not when we don't want them to.
Yeah, some of us still have scruples.
Propaganda gets it.
I don't think propaganda's on your side.
Everyone's on my side.
Even if you don't think you are yet,
soon we'll force you to be.
Yeah, they did shoot the good guy with a gun,
their whole argument.
No, he was like a,
a guy who was really, really good right up until he was,
he just, you know, he had a mental break
and decided to just bother law enforcement.
Other than, before that obviously he was an incredible
American and we appreciate all the work he did with the VA.
Right up until that just, he had a lapse.
What was a lapse?
He was talking.
He was, no, he wasn't talking.
He was standing.
Oh, and filming, which annoying.
Come on, can't we all put our phones down?
Can't we agree with that?
So you should be shot for filming?
You're being filmed right now.
Does that count?
Well, that's, you're saying you should,
that we should shoot our non-existent cameraman?
Is there a camera guy back there?
There could be.
It's really dark behind Papito.
I can't see that.
Well, the lights in here are very,
I mean, yes, there's bright lights everywhere.
Look, obviously I support our crew
and I'm not saying they should be shot for filming.
Because you're a cop, right?
They're filming you.
Well, I, this is, you're being so stew,
this is such a dumb argument.
Yes, obviously all the dog arguments on our stream
are dumb, Rick.
Okay.
Can we thank some subs in the middle of us
arguing about a killing?
That's just how this stream goes.
Deal with it.
I'm not, get the train in here.
Okay, well, if you can't handle it,
then I will get the train.
I'm not afraid to get the train.
That's right.
It's a fun day to be a train.
I don't know if that's the energy,
hype train, it's my energy.
Get me a bouncy cartoon trapped beat, please.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I can see it.
That was so Papito.
Look at this.
This is a bouncy bunny,
the baby type bunny type beat case.
This is the most, is this the dumbest stream?
Do I have the dumbest stream?
Yeah.
Go stupid, go dumb, go idiot.
Had a brain two hats, now I'm splitting it four hats.
And now I'm in the fucking bath,
blowing fucking farts and laughing out of my ass.
Like what?
What?
I don't know what baby dumb as fuck.
I'm a train.
I ain't change, baby.
What the fuck?
Turn my beat up.
I'm a beast so dumb that I can't hear you.
Look at this guy go, he's bouncing the bun
cause he's a bunny son.
Look at him young.
What is the point of any of this case?
Why?
Why not?
Rick, take him to shop, but you can get up the spot
because I'm spitting the slop.
I'm the hype train.
I don't care about your earthy desires.
Baby, I'm just here to get hyped
and be inspired by bits.
Subs and showing me love when it comes to the facts.
Baby, I don't give a fuck.
I just get stupid bitch and I'm staying extra dumb
so I'm about to talk about piss farts and cum.
Let's go.
Didn't stop.
Okay, anyway, I guess I'll think some subs.
Huh.
My work is never there.
It ends on a timer.
It ends on like a two minute timer.
My work never stops.
Cause my shit is too hot.
Let's go.
I got subs to thank.
I'm about to shout out these names
like I was saying the prank,
but it is actionable names.
Dang.
Let me say all these people's actionable names
while they're handles.
And I'm too much to handle.
Bump in the sub, baby.
Your shit is like a battle between me and graphics.
They never fucking stop.
Listen up, Jack.
Bons and bullfrogs.
This man, Jim, 300 Chinese tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
I would like to call for Rick to join the fire Greg
of my own today.
Greggy off the top getting fire, baby.
That's some emulation that don't stop.
Okay, who's been giving me subs and showing love?
I'm about to say the name, baby.
I'm over reading the bubbles go big, jade up
with the nine and the one 300 bits.
They've been filling it up, son.
They took his gun and shot him.
What's that about case?
Not the time to talk about it.
Well, I guess okay.
Big J, Doug with another big three and Skimer
with the three times that B.
That's bitch bitch with the bundle sprout shit.
Another hundred because they love to see it.
We got Apple, Depple.
Yes, they're still addicted to Snapple.
And honestly, I don't even mind seeing it's never a hassle.
We got dank sauce and they the fucking boss.
For seven minutes to go 39 months, no laws.
We got big day, Doug again.
With 150 car, gang 1000 bits.
That shit's Swifty like Rick.
That's the other Rick from a kind of a old reference.
Swif, Swifty?
I can't be honest, I remember when it was.
Remember when everybody loved Rick and Morty?
It's still okay.
Is it?
It was Swifty.
Give me this beat.
Give me this beat case.
And look at this.
What's, who makes all of these?
It's the internet, Rick.
It's the power of the internet.
They love to make beats.
Yeah they do.
See a new bit every time I come through.
Bits, beats between the sheets.
Baby, I've been fucking up these cus I'm so elite.
All right, mighty eyes.
Behind the curtain, filling my ass up lotion.
Because you know that I love learning
how it feels to slide right in.
Like 27 months coming in from Jeslin.
Mighty eyes again with the hundred bits
and cocking with five and bonds up with fuck with three.
The bits and...
Oh!
Are we done?
Are we done with?
Can we be, what the?
I don't know if we can be done, Rick.
I don't know.
But yeah, the hype train is dead.
Okay.
Take Rick with you.
You wanna go to hell with the hype train?
I, what am I supposed to be the sin eater
for this stream just because I actually believe
in something?
What is it that you believe in?
The rule of...
What's the rule of law?
The flexible rules of law.
Oh, they're flexible.
I do believe, I believe in guns.
I believe in me having guns.
Doesn't that make me more American than anyone?
Just you?
Well me and whoever agrees with me.
Can we just be real?
Yes.
I think that people who agree with me should have guns
and I think that people who don't
should shut up and be scared.
What's so wrong with that?
Are we not supposed to say like that?
Yeah, I think that's not that convincing, Rick.
I think that's sort of a...
The fact that everyone's just basically saying
exactly that is...
Should be troubling to everyone,
even the people who necessarily
have political disagreements?
We're over that.
Look, if you disagree with me, then shut up
and honestly, you're in danger.
I don't think it's acceptable to people.
Well, but...
Well, you will make it acceptable, but threats.
That's all I'm saying is we're gonna threaten you
till you shut up.
When has that ever not worked?
At various points throughout human history,
people reach breaking points
because they live under totalitarian governments.
I don't know if we're quite there yet,
but this is kind of the road to that
and I don't think it actually ends that well
for your side either.
Nah, it's gonna work this time.
Okay, anyway.
Oh, also Snorlaxing, ZZZ.
I will thank Snorlaxing for the 28 months, Rick.
You haven't earned it.
Who has earned it?
I guess technically me.
Can Rick shoot his mouth off literally?
I could still talk with no lips.
It's the inside of the mouth that makes me talk.
You'd sound weird with no lips.
I'd sound, I could figure it out.
I'd get metal lips.
I'd look like a James Bond villain.
In my industry, I would get a promotion.
If I got a full ass metal jaw,
now I'm not just a henchman.
I'm a henchman that has a whole name.
My name could be like Met Maw.
Jaws is already a famous Bond villain.
Yeah, so I'd be Maw.
It's a combination of metal and jaw.
Barely.
Hi, T.
Hi, Rick.
The other Rick.
I could be the other,
because Rick is sort of the most famous Rick as a cartoon.
You're kind of a cartoon.
I'm a man case.
Prove it.
Oh, you mean like show mine?
No, okay, never mind.
Look, obviously we've gotten very off track here.
Let's run through some of this story
and then we'll get to the other segments on the stream.
Metal Rick.
Oh yeah, like Metal Sonic.
Mm-hmm.
That could be you, I guess, if you shoot your mouth off.
Well, I'm not gonna do that.
And I have access to the good healing spells
that only the CIA gets.
You have healing spells?
Of course we have magic healing spells.
Wizards are real.
I can say whatever I want is my point.
It's over for you, host.
Don't say that, it's over for you, host.
Rick, who do you even represent?
Just, just power?
That's so vague.
I found, I found, look, I know exactly who's in charge
and I'm representing them.
I don't think you know who's in charge either.
Yeah, it's the, they're up there and I'm serving them.
Okay.
Want me to read some news?
I don't even, I don't even know if I want you to read the news, Rick.
That's how, that's how misbehaving you're being today.
That's how misbehaving you're being.
All can be a good, well you're not being.
Okay, where was the story we were even gonna read?
Border Patrol plans to reduce the presence
after Alex Paredy killing, say sources.
John Curtis of Utah wrote in a post that he disagrees
with the Department of Homeland Security,
Secretary Kristi Noem's premature response
to the killing of Alex Paredy.
And if you're wondering what that response was,
here it is.
At 9.05 a.m. Central time,
the Department of Homeland Security Law Enforcement Officials
and officers were conducting targeted operations
in Minneapolis against an illegal alien
whose criminal history included domestic assault
with intentionally inflicting bodily harm,
disorderly conduct and driving without a valid license.
An individual approached US Border Patrol officers
with a nine millimeter semi-automatic handgun.
The officers attempted to disarm this individual,
but the armed suspect reacted violently.
Fearing for his life and for the...
So anyway, I'll let her finish her complete,
just fabrication of her response.
But if you, again, if you watch the video,
much like in the killing of Renee Good,
it's just the exact opposite.
He was standing there, they assaulted him.
I guess you could argue he was like slightly,
like trying to shake them off,
if that counts as resistance,
but they shoved into the ground and then they shot him.
So anyway, none of this makes any fucking sense.
The lives of his fellow officers around him
and agent fired defensive shots.
Medics were on the scene immediately
and attempted to deliver medical aid to the subject,
but he was pronounced dead at the scene.
So again, basically bullshit.
I think she made that statement
before the second angle of the shooting came out.
Again, I just, I think,
because my stream is so silly and filled with cartoons,
I just don't feel quite right showing the shooting of this guy,
but now there's a couple angles of the shooting,
there's clear audio of the shooting.
Basically, within a couple,
like an hour of her making this statement,
there was like another angle on this video
that just made everything she was saying
completely irrational.
Not that it was rational even from the first video,
angle that we had on this video,
but I think it's at the point where even
some conservatives, as the story is pointing out,
have to admit that the official line
from like the DHS Kashpatel
and Boner Gino, who I believe,
I believe is having to resign.
We can get to that in a second.
It was all just insane and insane fabrications
and straight up lies.
Not that that's ever stopped them before.
Anyway, sorry, sometimes I like to really masculine
up my voice.
Curtis joins a growing number
that is John Curtis, a Republican from Utah.
A growing number of Republicans pushing
for more transparency on the investigation
of Peretti's killing said no's response,
no's response came before all the facts were known.
Continuing, we must have a transparent,
independent investigation into the Minnesota shooting
and those responsible, no matter their title,
must be held accountable.
I have no faith that a majority of Republicans
will follow that particular line.
I also unfortunately have no faith
that Democrats under the leadership of Chuck Schumer
or whoever they're taking their commands from
will put up a meaningful resistance here,
but I would love to be proven wrong.
I do think that there's some possibility.
There's talk of another government shutdown, oh goodie.
But I would totally be in favor of the Democrats
growing whatever semblance of a backbone they can
and making a wedge issue out of this.
Almost no chance they will abolish ICE, unfortunately,
which should be the move here.
I think that they could sail into the midterms
if they made like a bold move like that,
but it's just extremely unlikely with Democrats
as they stand now.
But they could possibly at least get something out of this.
Maybe a clear investigation,
maybe clear limits on what ICE can do
or the president's ability to just at will deploy them
to American cities.
We'll see, fortunately I would advise caution
on the optimism when it comes to Democrats
meaningfully restraining any of this activity.
But we'll see.
And there have been Democrats making statements obviously.
We can watch a little bit of Tim Walz's response
to the shooting.
I've mixed feelings on some of it,
but I saw some positivity around his response.
And so here's some of it.
Join us again.
We're now about 24 hours from the killing of Alex.
And during that time of everything that's happened,
I hope everyone's taking away a picture of a life
of generosity service oriented.
And his life's coming in a clear focus.
I had the privilege of talking with Michael and Susan,
Alex's parents yesterday.
And the heartache in the hours after your son's murdered
in front of the world is one thing.
But what stood out to me was a parent's desire
and their passion to make sure that the story
of Alex was told.
Someone who went to work to care for veterans.
Someone who was a valued coworker.
Someone who relished and lived in this state in a big way,
whether it was outdoor activities or being down there
on the street as a First Amendment witness
to what ICE is doing to this state.
So once again, to Michael and Susan,
when I talk to these parents,
it's always in deep confidential conversation.
In this one though, Michael was very clear to me,
don't let them forget Alex's story.
The world knows how he died.
He died at the hands of ICE agents on the streets
of Minneapolis.
They want us to make sure we said how he lived.
So to Michael and Susan, our deepest sympathies,
but you have my commitment to continue to tell that story.
So now we've got two Minnesotans dead.
We didn't had time to start telling Renee's story
of a poet and a mother and a bright spirit.
And now we're telling Alex's story.
So my question is, what's the plan, Donald Trump?
What is the plan?
What do we need to do to get these federal agents
out of our state?
You thought fear, violence, and chaos
is what you wanted from us,
and you clearly underestimated the people
of this state and nation.
We are tired, but we're resolved.
We're peaceful, but we'll never forget.
We're angry, but we won't give up hope.
And above all else, we are clearly unified.
If it was the intention of Donald Trump
to make an example of Minnesota,
then I'm damn proud of the example that the world's seeing.
We believe in law and order in this state.
We believe in peace.
And we believe that Donald Trump needs to pull
these 3,000 untrained agents out of Minnesota
before they kill another person.
And we're up here telling another story
of a Minnesotan just trying to live their life
without the interference.
To Americans who are watching this right now,
and I don't know, maybe you're watching it with curiosity,
but wilderness, whore, scorn,
a train, or sympathy.
I've got a question for all of you.
What side do you want to be on?
The side of an all-powerful federal government
that can kill, injure, menace,
and kidnap its citizens off the streets,
or on the side of a nurse at the VA hospital
who died bearing witness to such government?
So that's the basic gist of...
He gave, honestly, there's only like two minutes left
in that speech, I believe, before he lets the...
What is it, Attorney General for Minnesota Speak?
I might be wrong.
The title of the guy behind him there.
The other side is all-powerful.
We don't stand a great chance then.
Yeah, I don't really feel like
I have to shit on Tim Walls that hard.
I do think there's some positivity
to what he's saying there.
To me, the only...
The main issue that I would have
was sort of the democratic response to this is...
There's very little talk of like,
there's a lot of asking Donald Trump to do things.
Donald Trump, please remove these people,
or saying you need to remove these people.
There's sort of hedging,
as Chat was pointing out with statements
like untrained officers,
as if that's the problem in this case.
I think that there's like a wide open lane
for Democrats to take a more combative stance.
You could argue that Tim Walls is playing it more so
to actually effectively negotiate with Donald Trump.
He doesn't want to like burn the bridge.
That feels insane to me.
It feels like the bridge is completely burned.
And that the more effective thing to talk about
would be what you're going to do
without the permission of Donald Trump
to get these ICE agents out of the state.
Maybe the real politics of the situation
is there's just no way to do that,
but that doesn't seem realistic to me
that there's just nothing they can do.
And at this point, you would be better off
attempting to do anything
without the permission structure of Donald Trump.
Which, in defense, if you watch the rest of that speech,
the...
Is it DA? God, I wish I knew.
The guy behind him comes up and says
that they're going to take a bunch of legal action
over the next couple of days
to try to do various things.
But I think they'd be better off leading with that sort of message
than Donald Trump, I'm appealing to your morality.
Get these guys out of here.
I don't know.
There is no way to do it without blood,
says Lyman Sleazy.
Well, clearly.
I mean, there's already blood in the streets.
I don't know...
I don't know how effective violent resistance
from citizens would be in this case.
I don't claim to have any answers in that regard.
So I could see it being better or worse.
I don't claim to know that at all.
There's already been violence clearly aimed at citizens
from ICE, so...
We will see what happens.
Keith was the former deputy DNC chair now in Minnesota AG.
Attorney General, there we go.
Yes, that's who's behind him,
and that's who kind of comes up after Walton and talks about
the legal action that they're gonna try to take
to mitigate whatever ICE is doing.
Trump wants this to happen, he's insane.
I mean, his entire...
Branch.
His MAGA branch wants this to happen.
It seems like...
There's been a little pullback from specifically Trump,
which I guess kind of leaves the Blavinos of the world
out to dry and the JD Vance's of the world out to dry.
By that, I mean more specifically,
some headlines you're seeing today.
Again, I would never hang your hat on Donald Trump
deciding to deescalate things.
However, I can imagine that...
The diet in the wall, like MAGA,
immigrants are the problem type people are,
and salute our troops and our boys in blue.
They're not really gettable, but his coalition
relies on more than that, and I don't think
middle of the road Americans like seeing
VA nurses get executed in the streets.
So I think Donald Trump probably has the political instincts
to know that he shouldn't be the one
talking about how great all of this is,
and he hasn't been, which could signal that
he's going to try to deescalate,
but I just don't think he's a rational actor,
so I wouldn't count on it.
Resolute trial says the rapture is coming, Magus.
The rapture?
God, we should be so lucky.
Get that rapture over here already, come on.
I'm ready to have what is, you know,
I'll be one of the miserable souls left on earth
while everybody floats up.
You're like, oh, nice, they got it.
Every time I fade, just makes my voice so deep.
Impossible thought, this was coming in today
from Reuters, impossible thought,
Trump and Minnesota's governor talk after fatal shooting.
Judges are setting to consider a pause
to the crackdown in Minnesota as Trump dispatches
the borders are to the state and signals
cooperation with walls, Republican candidate
for governor, abandons bid and blames crackdown.
Those are the big headlines I saw right before the stream.
President Donald Trump and Minnesota governor Tim Walts
each struck a conciliatory tone on Monday
after a private phone call about immigration enforcement,
a sign the two sides were seeking a way to end the standoff
over a deportation deportation drive.
That has claimed the lives of two US citizens in Minneapolis
in another apparent signal of a thought in the crisis,
a senior Trump administration official
confirmed reports that Gregory Bovino,
a top US border patrol official who has been
a lightning rod for criticisms
and civil liberties activists will be leaving Minnesota
along with some border patrol agents.
So that was, I guess the headline,
not that he's resigning, just that he's leaving Minnesota.
With some border patrol agents,
two that we know of says Commander Gabb.
Propaganda says Trump will listen to money more
than its citizens get corporate America involved
and held by down to the dollar.
Maybe, maybe.
I just, I think we're in the midst,
as Canadian prime ministers would say,
we're in the midst of a rupture.
And I don't know if Democratic will
is going to be the pivot point here.
Like I think right now Trump is responding somewhat to
his political instincts that this particular issue
is a loser and I'm not gonna be on the side
of these loser ICE agents who suck at shooting people.
That seems to be the energy from Trump to me.
But I'd say the bigger issue is what will happen
to these ICE agents that fucking gun this guy down
in the streets?
Will there be any consequences for all the people
who immediately went on TV and just said he was a terrorist?
He was a domestic terrorist wielding a gun at ICE officers
when that was just a total fucking lie.
Obviously it was a lie even when they said it,
the video was already out.
Will all the people that are creating a permission structure
for this kind of killing and the people doing the killing,
will they face any consequences whatsoever?
Because if they don't,
then there's no reason for them not to do it again.
And you know, Trump can do whatever political maneuvering,
walls can make all these speeches.
If no one is held accountable for this shit,
then it's just gonna continue.
So we'll see, I don't see good signs right now
that they will be held accountable.
At the very least, they need to
trot out these fucking ICE agents
that riddled this nurse with bullets
in front of the entire country
and have them face some consequences.
There needs to be an actual trial and investigation.
The problem there is nobody trusts the FBI.
It's under fucking cash patel.
Nobody trusts the Department of Justice.
They're both just propaganda arms for Trump.
So I don't see a lot of good outs myself,
but you know, I can be too pessimistic for sure.
Anyway, we have some comments.
How do we use points to get his mom to talk again?
That's unrelated to what we're talking about,
but that's for the segment crypto Zeus gaming,
which you can request.
Card King says kill each other.
And I think we're several steps ahead of you there,
Card King, unfortunately in this country,
piggy Greg Bovino forced to retire.
Is he, I guess I should check,
has there been an update on him?
Bovino, it sounds like he's just being told
to leave the state.
Yeah, I think, oh, Greg Bovino loses his job
courtesy of the Atlantic.
Okay, this is at least according to the Atlantic.
This is again the type of thing I would love
to actually research before the stream,
but unfortunately I spend all my time doing things
like giving solid snake a voice.
Anyway, the board of actual chief has been ousted
from his role as commander at large
and will return to El Centro.
So he hasn't been forced to retire,
but I guess he's being demoted.
Is commander at large really a title?
What?
It's in the chat news.
Okay, we'll get to the chat news
after we do a couple other segments.
You know, obviously I've spent a fair amount
of time bloviating on this today.
And I've gotten almost no words in case.
And I have a lot of things to say.
Rick, I just can't.
I just can't with you today.
I'm being silenced?
Nobody wants to hear from Rick?
I just don't know if this is the time for you, Rick.
Anyway, a couple more comments.
American Sniper is by far the most violent
of the American Pie Movie series.
I was testing some voice stuff out
using a synopsis of American Sniper.
And that is true.
Case is worthy.
Hell yes.
Why does case still employ Rick,
journalistic neutrality
or a gross use of governmental power?
Yeah, case.
Whose side are you on exactly?
It's a good question.
It's fair.
I believe the lore is that I'm required to have you here.
Oh, did we establish that?
I think I did establish that at some point.
Though the lore on this channel is a little fuzzy.
Can Munchgett Crumb killed again
so he will release the Hellcrumb poster?
I gotta find that Hellcrumb poster.
I know what you guys are talking about,
but I do not know where it is saved on my computer,
but the answer has to be somewhere.
And that is the comments for now.
Ooh, one more.
Genital Slit was, I almost missed that comment
and that would have made me sad.
I'm glad that you got that in.
It's important.
It's important work that we're doing here.
Okay, well, anyway,
sorry, I just had another audio disconnect.
Good thing I got backups for days, everyone.
Days and days of backup.
Give me the power of audio.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
One second.
And I'm back.
There we go.
We can move on from me talking about this.
But I don't know if I have any viewers in Minnesota,
but if you're protesting, try to remain safe.
I think it's very heartening,
the fact that Minnesota is so consistently protesting.
I know people have different opinions
on the efficacy of protesting,
but I would certainly be in favor of taking any action.
What?
Brandon, it's time to game with your little friend.
Take me and shit like, like, yeah.
So that'll also be happening today.
That's crypto Zeus gaming.
This is why I shouldn't attempt to say things
I mean on this stream.
Anyway, I do find it heartening
that people are protesting so intensely in Minnesota.
I hope they keep it up
and I hope ICE gets the fuck out of their states
and it just gets abolished entirely.
But that's probably a longer term project.
You have to bet on Chrome for a while.
The smart money is usually on Chrome
for if that's my only betting tip for everyone.
We will be playing though today with crypto Zeus,
diva stars, Malmania for Game Boy Color.
Divas stars.
I'm gonna let crypto Zeus set up his own fucking game
because I have enough trouble with it, okay?
So we'll let him set it up in the segment itself.
We also have to do several interviews, I believe.
I've got a backlog of interviews.
What was the last one that was requested?
Important interviews are happening on the stream at all times.
Oh God, it's so hard to,
there's so many alerts now that I have so many.
So much of Brandon's mom is in this.
Guys, Brandon's mom is the most popular alert on the stream.
I'll have you know.
Looks like, oh my God.
Divas stars sent to discord.
Thank you so much, Leven Sleazy.
For saving the stream from more of me searching.
Now they just have to tolerate me
trying to get this emulator,
working with a controller which took way too long last stream.
Funneled, thank you so much for the 39 months.
I do appreciate it.
Impreciate and appreciate.
Gunshade says some Looney Tunes fan girl
that slanders Space Jam and back in action
for not getting the Looney Tunes personalities right.
Got a lot, yeah.
I have a lot of feeds on that for sure.
So that'll be easy to talk about.
Some Looney Tunes fan girl.
You don't like Looney Tunes case?
You'd have strong opinions on Looney Tunes back in action.
Let me see.
Who's even around?
That's a Looney Tunes fan girl.
I would love to know
who's got strong opinions on the tunes.
Who cares about these tunes?
Everyone, that's who.
Okay.
Sorry, I'm just seeing if I can find any ladies
that really love the Looney Tunes.
Because obviously I'd love to talk to someone.
Okay, this isn't a fan girl exactly.
Maybe, I don't know.
No, what their deal is.
So I shouldn't make assumptions, actually.
But you're a Looney Tunes fan?
Yo, what's up?
I'd say I know a thing or two.
Hi, my name is Marcus
and I have had dramatic cosmetic surgery
to look as much as possible.
Like a fuckable Bugs Bunny.
I think Bugs Bunny was already fuckable to a lot of people.
This is what counts as fuckable.
You're not seeing it?
I don't know if I'm seeing it.
You sent a review of some fan girl on the Discord.
Okay, we can try to watch a little of it.
You know our track record of watching videos
on this network.
We don't last.
We never last very long.
But we will attempt to watch this.
Oh, this is a review by Eliza.
This is a written review, actually.
Did you write this?
I know, but I am a huge fan of Eliza's work, actually.
Yeah, what is that as a very fair question?
What the fuck?
It is not letting me read this.
Okay, what is this?
Rick, can you read this?
Okay, well, now I'm allowed to read
when it's about Space Jam.
Doing a LT movie marathon rewatch.
This was my second favorite,
I elicited film after TDTBU.
Yes, over back in action,
and now I'm scared of for how the rest
of this adventure will go,
because upon rewatching, I kind of hated this.
I knew I'd have a lot of thoughts on this going in,
so I took a bunch of notes, here's the notes.
Insane, we're starting an LT movie with no LTs.
No loony tunes, that is.
Bugs Bunny credit immediately after Michael Jordan
credit made me laugh out loud.
The opening credits are burning my retinas.
They hate the bug aliens,
I'm just gonna give you, just gonna read random ones.
Bob Bergen's voice sounds deeper,
Porky asking Michael Jordan's autograph is consistent
with his autograph collection mentioned in the Ducksters.
Good job.
I was just about to say that's one of my favorite parts
of the movie.
Oh, you like the consistency
on Porky Pig loving autographs?
A lot of loony tunes fans were really invested in that.
I forgot Lola existed, that's insane.
That's when all the credibility's gone.
Really?
Everybody knows Lola exists.
When you think loony tunes,
she's one of the first faces you see.
Maybe the last face you see when you close your eyes
at night, if you're a real loony tunes fan.
Well, which loony tunes character is the most fuckable?
It's Bugs.
What's up, cock?
Let me put it in my mouth.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What, that's on my website.
LoonyCocks.org.
Backslash edu.
Backslash edu.
A reptile dick.
Up.
That's what that stands for.
That's the part of the website
that my catchphrase is on.
What's up, cock?
In my mouth.
Which loony tunes character is the most fuckable,
droopy, genital split beans,
gossamer, and Elmer Pud?
I love Elmer Pud.
I am a huge fan of Elmer Pud's work.
Are you trying, is this a joke?
No, not to me.
Elmer Pud was the winner.
Thank you guys made the right choice.
That, you have a,
can you trigger applause or something, is that it?
Can you trigger some applause?
He also had cosmetic surgery to look like a fuckable Elmer,
a fuckable Elmer Fudd.
The original is fuckable, I'll give you that.
You're supposed to have specific complaints
about Space Jam and stuff.
I echo all of the sentiments of Eliza
from that review that you refuse to read.
For instance, I agree that Daffy comes out
to no applause joke serving as my appetizer to BIA.
Considering how much this annoyed me,
I'm not eager for a whole movie of this.
What is BIA?
In that.
If you don't know, then I don't have to tell you.
Her last thought is this movie would be 1,000% better
if it said that it was based off a true story.
A line of thoughts spurred by watching the famous basketball
guys touching the basketball of talent.
You disagree?
What does that mean?
It'd be funny, it'd be a funny joke.
She's giving specific joke ideas?
Or she's serious?
Either way, it's a good point.
I think Space Jam is,
are you really, you're gonna duck this?
You're not gonna come down on a side?
You're fine with the portrayal of the toons in Space Jam?
The only thing I have a problem with in Space Jam
is the portrayal of Newman,
is he can actually ball.
He balls a little bit, he barely balls.
Real Newman, the actor can ball.
I'm not saying, all I'm saying
is the only thing that bothers me
is I think Newman is probably top 10
Seinfeld characters that can ball.
Actor, top 10 Seinfeld ballers.
And I don't think they gave him,
I think they should have had him, Dunkardner.
Wayne Knight, why is it so close?
Wayne Knight?
Wayne Knight?
Okay, there's just nothing for me to ask you.
I can't help it if you've got no sound opinions
on one of America's most treasured IPs.
It's not my fault that you don't take this shit seriously, case.
Huh?
You ever seen a guy?
Oh, what's this?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hi, is this a toon?
You got toons here?
Listen up, Jack.
Bonson bullfrog just momma jammed 300 shiny tasty coins
and I've been dying to say this.
Space Jam D, Space Jam D, Space Jam D.
Space Jam D, Space Jam D, Space Jam D.
Space Jam D, Space Jam D.
He's been dying to say that.
Space Jam D, Space Jam D.
He has been dying to say that.
What were you fucking saying?
I can't remember now.
Okay, that's honestly fine.
I got thoughts and I got a lot of opinions
and I got a real clear point of view.
You do?
Yep, it's your fault that you didn't access that
because I got stuff to say, didn't say anything.
At my website, I sell Acme-style guns that shoot,
that they're blanks, they shoot out a flag
that says like, whoops, or blank,
or you know, like the gag of it's, there's no bullets,
but they're meant to be loaded into your penis.
And the words that unfurl are like, come.
I run a sex Looney Tunes website, was that clear?
Yes.
One of them does say bang, because that works both ways.
How does it load into your penis?
Carefully.
Only loons?
No, I gave it, it's got a different name.
I said it earlier.
Do you remember?
No.
Well, just rewind for it.
Okay, thanks for being here.
Oh, just cutting right back to myself.
That was a good, that was, did you like that, Rick?
Yeah, you liked that?
Yeah, that was the part of the stream I liked.
Everything else he said sucked.
Did I make it clear that I'm on the side of ice?
Yeah, I think that's clear.
Okay, just wanted to make sure that that's clear.
You guys hear that?
I'm hearing like a little techno in here.
That's feedback, maybe.
Rick secretly turned on by cartoons?
No, we're done hiding.
Very turned on by tunes.
My wife kind of looks like Lola Bunny.
What?
She's got big cheeks.
We come way out.
It's college and mostly implants.
We're not afraid to admit it.
It wasn't too look like, look,
she just kind of reminds me of her.
She's got a hairy butt.
Okay, Rick.
I'm past shame.
Now I'm pro violence, pro self-actualization.
Wow, that's beautiful.
Yeah, I'm like a Buddhist, if Buddhist like guns.
Okay, Harry or furry?
Furry, furry.
It's on a woman, it's fur.
That's, well, since what?
On a woman, hair is fur.
And that's all the time we have for now.
Let's send it to the next segment.
It's a good outcase.
That's a good out.
Demoted?
What is the meaning of this?
I'm meant to be a newsman,
but today I'm video guy.
Ha ha ha.
How fun for everybody.
It's me.
I'm one of the guys here.
Yep, can't deny that.
I'm a newsman no more.
Well, if I'm playing a video, it must be news.
So let's find out what the late and breaking
internets are today.
Gosh, we have fun.
Um, you can share videos.
Do you know where?
Jeff, do you just want to call me Rick?
Because that son of a bitch is a news hobbyist.
I'm an actual newsman.
I would never, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for even implying.
That's your him.
I'm not him.
I am him, but I'm not him.
You know what I mean?
Okay, let's see.
You can share videos at the cream.team,
the Discord, in the bin section,
and then there's another section in the bin section
for amongst the web.
That's the best you can describe it.
The only way to describe it.
All right, let's see what we got today.
Ooh, there's no thumbnail on this one.
That's scary.
I recognize these guys.
Okay, let's see what the Game Grumps have for us.
My name's Aaron.
We ordered a bunch of your pickles, delicious by the way.
We have some jars that we opened
where they just like really bubbled over.
I mean, it was like an attack of bubbles.
Is it still okay to eat?
Sure. Yeah.
Okay.
What?
Have my phone outing?
Did you edit that case?
I did not edit that.
I cannot take credit for that.
I don't edit all of the Power R videos.
They have a couple editors.
Did you edit it?
No, I'm a news guy.
Shout us to Vanessa, Vanessa Guerrero.
Follow her on social media, show some support.
That one I had not seen.
I had not seen that.
Oh, thank you.
I forgot to hit the rating button.
The mods are on it as always when you're not, Case.
You've seen the Game Grumps?
That didn't shake your head like that.
What do you watch that's so good?
8.06.
Can you watch this?
I watch the World Case.
I watch it turn.
And I comment on the turning.
Oh, okay.
So you're not a TV or a YouTube guy.
I'm a guy.
That's deep.
Okay, let's continue.
What the hell is this?
Let's all find out together.
Ringling Brothers and Bartome and Bailey Circus
has in store for you.
Exciting, death defying, spec.
Ringling Brothers and Bartome and Bailey Circus,
the greatest show on earth.
Now playing the Anaheim Convention Center
through August 14 opens Long Beach Arena August 16th.
Tickets at Ticketron.
Great news.
Anaheim's not that far away.
We can see that, everybody.
Case and I, that is.
Want to have a boys night in Anaheim?
I think that could be a little dated.
Though Kendall and I did drive to Anaheim recently
and I did see that there was a traveling circus
in a parking lot.
Was it Ringling?
I don't think so.
An off-brand circus?
Now that's a real boys night.
Yeah, I mean, if you want to hang, I'm actually busy.
That was more banter.
I don't have time to socialize with you.
A 3.8, you fixed it, Case.
I did.
That's the number, 3.8.
I don't think that clown was that scary.
He'll only be in my dreams a little bit.
I've seen worse.
Are there ever good clowns?
No.
Just a hard no, damn.
All right.
I don't know what this is, but it's off to a good start.
You know, he said it was off to a good start, Case.
I stand by that, it was off to a good start.
And then it continued.
It continued.
That's sort of like what watching the stream is like,
I think, for people.
A lot of instruments set up, and by the end,
you're just kind of rolling on around on the ground,
making fart noises with your mouth.
I take it back, I relate to this guy,
and then that's a good video.
Case likes it, it's got my vote.
But what I got from chat was a 6.42.
It's a good point, don't forget about the this.
That's another essential element of the stream.
Back pocket gag reel.
I have no idea what this is.
I think it's too long to watch though.
Okay, this guy is naming some,
as you'll see from the explanations,
this guy's naming some G4 shows.
See if you can keep up chat.
Oh no, it won't play.
Load, please, I wanna see him name the shows.
Oh, one second.
Maybe we can just load it.
Yeah, it's on TikTok, we're good.
We can figure it out.
Ah.
If I can name some G4 shows under 30 seconds,
attack the show, X-play, filter, pulse, cheat,
arena, unscrewed, the screen savers, electric playground,
judgment day slash, reviews on the run,
Scott DeWars, name your price, hey Donna, boosted.
Okay.
All right, icons.
Portal.
It's still going.
Last but not least, pull.
Let's see if you can name some energy four shows
under 30 seconds.
Can you name some other G4 shows, case?
Animal, friends.
Animal, animals?
Was there an animal one?
Didn't they play an animal thing?
I can see what I did.
This is a lot of fun.
It is fun, it's fun to name things.
It is, it's categorized as a fun game.
Splunters Cave, oh, I love Splunters Cave.
Oh, the back feed, that doesn't count.
Yeah, I think that was the thing that we did, right?
That was also on technically on the network.
What's the one that was a cartoon?
I'll touch you, okay.
Retribution, vibe check, there you go, vibe check.
He missed vibe check, how could he miss vibe check?
Everyone's wondering, we're all wondering through this thing.
My God, this is a Shakespeare rap.
Get excited, everyone.
Code Monkeys, case was trying to think of Code Monkeys.
He might have said that one then.
Those were real, real butt cheeks.
Who was responsible for this?
Who has done this to us?
Attack of the Electro, how could you?
Those were the Code Monkeys?
Oh, it says it's Patrick Springstube though.
No, no, those are the Code Monkeys.
The original Code Monkeys.
You don't wanna hear more of the song?
The widgets and the gadgets will all appear.
Only you will help us, we'll call it a dare.
But robot take a stand.
I don't think cutting to the middle of the video
made it less mentally damaging.
It rarely does.
But you know, the score was probably fair.
Thank you, thank you for submitting your video,
as always, thank you to all of our video submitters
who throw it into the gauntlet of crowdsource scoring.
But we have no choice but to continue.
Let's do a couple more.
We do have a number of segments to get to today,
and we really took our time with me ranting
about political issues, so.
What are the, basketball, this is for the ballers.
This is for all the Newman fans out there.
I didn't get what was happening.
Now I kinda get it.
No.
Case you like to make noises, can you make any of those?
I can't make a single one of those.
I do not have the police academy powers at all.
Shenanigans?
Could be.
They could have copied and pasted it.
I choose to believe.
Still really you, damn it, still real to me.
Every TikTok video that I see is a choice to buy in.
And I'm buying, baby.
Using his sandal as a phone was a nice touch.
Yeah, if he's really making those noises,
which again, I'm down to believe.
That's some good mouth control.
We always respect good mouth control here
at whatever this station is,
and that's why it got a respectable 7.43.
Thank you so much for the video.
Cut my life into pizzas.
Oh boy, guys, psychor has loaded us up here.
Psychor is almost a live and sleazy level savant
when it comes to rolling the dice on video quality,
and I'm excited to see what they have for us today.
You thought it'd be a zero?
Well, MSG, are you ready to put your money
where your mouth is?
Cause that guy was a zero?
Did we see the same video at everyone?
Oh yeah, is that your brother, Jeff?
He is aspiring to have the raw level of
visual acumen that I bring to the table.
He's on his way.
He's smooth with it, I'll give him that.
But is he ripple smooth?
Cause ripples aren't entirely smooth, case, okay.
I don't actually care.
2.44.
It's not quite a zero.
He's on his way up.
I like to call that an up and comer score.
We'll see how we feel if someone
links to him several more times.
Not to be outdone, coming in from live and sleazy.
The true dice roll is here.
Will live and sleazy in their infinite wisdom
punish us or reward us?
Let's find out.
Let's run that back one more time.
I think that counts as a reward, everyone.
I want the full mix of this.
We need this on the 10 hour loop.
You two get to work.
The real question, is that high school or college?
I feel like that's college level physicality there.
Pretty good.
Pretty good?
Okay, very good.
I'll give it very good.
We do numbers here, case.
Chat does the numbers.
I don't want to over influence them.
We were rewarded.
We didn't anger the gods today.
Okay, and to daddy is also over here.
The strong audio start there.
This might be our last one.
We'll see how this makes us feel.
And this could be where we call it.
Oopsie.
Oh no, we're not rating anything.
Oh shit, rate this as it comes in, everyone.
Now, grand baby, now before you scroll,
has your teacher pop up please?
Thank you, grand baby.
Oh, you're getting the live scoring here.
You know that I love you, and I miss you.
And I'm hoping you have a good day today,
because if not, I hope you did get a good sputter,
because you do have a grand baby.
Yes, you do.
I'll cheer the salute to you.
There's still a minute left, everyone.
Say grand baby.
This is what pop-up will take.
Here's what I submit.
The first 30 seconds of that video got a nine.
But what will the last less than a minute get?
That's for you to decide right now.
I know that people trigger us sometimes.
They do, by the things they say,
the things that they do, the things they don't do,
or things they don't say grand baby.
We get triggered, and we have the right
to feel the pain that we feel.
We have the right to feel those things, grand baby.
We're not crazy.
That's about to respond to those things.
We have the right to feel those feelings, grand baby.
However, we are responsible for how we respond
to those feelings, grand baby.
A lot of times we're like, yeah, we're gonna get angry.
We sit down.
We do fight a fight.
We do all these things that are healthy for us, grand baby.
But we have to learn to be responsible
for how we respond to the things that hurt us.
All right, grand baby.
Keep that in mind.
Have a little tea.
Eat and go.
I love you, grand baby.
Take care now.
Bye-bye.
That's grand baby.
Come join me, grand baby, at Pop Pop Bruce Johnson.
Look at this.
Look at this screen.
These are all, this is the most promotion
I've ever given on this stream.
And it's for Pop Pop Bruce Johnson.
That's not true.
It's not true at all.
We're filled with lies here.
Yes, we are.
Look at this gorilla.
God, he's good.
He's not even playing what he's practicing all the time.
That's what it takes to be the best case.
You'll never understand that.
But me and this gorilla get it.
We fucking get it.
And Pop Pop, Pop Pop.
Practice that pronunciation.
I will tonight.
Pop Pop Bruce Johnson gets it too.
That's why he got an eight and a nine.
Which added together gives him the highest score
ever received on this network.
Oh, you don't divide it?
Nope, you just add them together.
Okay, that's all the time we have.
I'm calling it.
You're calling it.
That's it.
We're done with this segment.
We have no choice but to move on to therapy.
Who's in therapy today?
I'm actually, I'm actually, I don't actually know.
I also don't know.
I should find out.
No, I got it.
I don't better way to do these requests.
I need more triggers.
I gotta add more text to the screen, everybody.
Therapy was requested.
I swear to God.
Lube chef, lube chef.
That's a challenge.
Cause he's all wet and nude.
He is a wet nude man.
Add options now.
Add text to the stream, everyone.
You can, yeah, you can.
That's one of the things that this bull does.
It sure does.
It adds even more text to the stream.
We never stop adding text.
We never did.
And we never will.
Vote now.
Come now.
Text with several T's.
Poop, poop magic.
And of course, text.
What text is the best add text to add to the stream?
That's not for me to say.
It's for you to say, chat.
That's the power of interaction.
God, we love to see interaction.
We love...
Mm.
Nope.
Nope.
That was what I was looking for the whole time.
Poop, magic, and text in a tie.
Adding double the text to the stream.
Oh my God, you guys did such a good job
adding text to the stream.
Double the text we expected just got added to the stream.
And that's why you guys are the best goddamn chat.
I've ever seen.
You're the only chat I've ever seen.
I used to work on cable.
I don't know what happened to my life.
But it's moments like this that I tell my therapist,
make it all, therapy's busy today.
It's actually Lubechef going into therapy.
As I was speaking, I realized I need some.
Sorry, it's Lubechef today.
Okay, let's send it to therapy.
A segment that I'm still not entirely sure I fixed.
Might be some issues.
We'll find out together.
It's therapy time.
Man, it's always so fun to run over to this office,
talk to Dr. Chath.
Dr. Chath, I actually won't be the one in therapy today.
He'll be my close and personal guy
that I've been in the same room as Lubechef.
And he's not quite here yet.
He's not here yet.
I'll go ahead and admit that.
But he should be soon.
He's been going through some stuff.
So I think right now he's actually fairly dry and wearing
clothes, which is fucked up.
That's not who he's supposed to be.
And maybe you can talk to him about that.
Boy, there's a version of him I wish I could show you guys,
but it's just too...
I'm not sure what.
Racist?
Maybe.
Okay, anyway, Lubechef is now here.
So I'm gonna go ahead and get out of here.
Hello, everyone.
It's me, lately kind of normal chef.
Just working in a normal kitchen.
Yes?
So Brexy said, is Lubechef available for hire?
I've been bungs up since the first Obama presidency.
I need to get things moving in my butt.
Yes, I've sold myself out to the world of normal cooking.
And I'm barley wet at all.
But I feel fine about it.
I don't think I even need therapy,
but I'm told that I have no choice but to take it anyway.
And so I said to this doctor, hello.
What do you have to say to me?
How would you feel about being part of the pine box?
Your son is buried in...
I don't know what you mean at the time, doctor.
My diagnosis is you need therapy.
Okay, what makes you say this to me?
What do you want your wood to be made into?
Oh, if that could be made into even more
and come out of more parts of my body,
I would be for that as well.
I jate Jeb too.
And I don't even know him.
He has that effect on people.
I've had several patients reference him.
I do not know what you mean, but I do not care.
Should there be a limit to my statements?
No.
Better dildo, meat carrot or wooden pickle?
Um...
Wood and pickle.
Now, meat carrot.
No, God, it is so hard to choose.
Boy, these are the sorts of questions I miss
working in a regular kitchen, just making normal foods.
You're bringing me back, doctor.
Me?
I haven't told my asses stupid before,
but nothing's aware of what I think you mean.
Ghost glasses, get it?
Don't understand.
I've learned the spell that trapped you in the wood.
I just need to...
Wait, Jeb.
What are you doing here?
No, no, no.
Hmm, is this some sort of immersion therapy
where case forgets to tell you who I am?
Vengeance, inspector's name.
Okay.
Kay?
Yes.
Wait, how old are you?
Me?
I believe at this point I would be roughly 20.
How long have you been 16?
I said I'm 20 now.
Isn't that a normal age for a young boy like me?
No amount of therapy is gonna help
with cleaning all this piss.
That's not true.
If you believe in yourselves, there's no meant-of piss
that you can't clean.
Believe me, you don't even need a map or a bucket.
All you need is the will to succeed
and then open the mouth and mind.
Are you scared of chocolate croissants now?
I've always been slightly scared of them
because they are almost always hiding a secret.
Where is your lube?
Do you even say,
hello, Kevin, anymore?
Uh...
And it's been so long for me
since I've had the privilege to say that name.
I've sometimes been like this, abandoned me,
I've never seen him,
and so what does be occasion to offer him greetings?
There is basically none.
It has not been easy.
I work at a faster restaurant,
cooking the boringest of foods,
making millions of dollars a year.
And yet I've been totally empty inside,
cooking all of this boring shit
for people that eat food with their mouths.
Anyway, I haven't said it in a while,
turns your question...
Which base is best for cooking,
water, oil, or silicone?
Hmm, actually, the best base is human secretion.
But it is only a base...
Hmm, if it comes from the right person.
Are you concerned that Comcast owns your likeness?
Lube Chef?
I'm sort of actually into being
sort of a switchy therese.
I'm a subordinate, you know, subordinate, I'll take it.
It's sort of fun to feel owned in self-and-sense,
it's fun to feel like you own them.
I love how they sort of corporate power-plies
as I do with my body, which they do in fact own.
I thought it was going to see your nipples today.
Disappointed would be an understatement.
The oratory yourself has eaten.
They're going to put me into a well
because I have escaped many before, sir.
I think I will be fine and I'm ready.
You're supposed to cook food, not crack what happened to you, man.
I mean, I would prefer to cook crack.
It is CDR and it leads to more sex.
But alas, I am but a...
Stockhand play five-star chef in a French restaurant.
I would like my husband for me.
Hello, where is he?
He's not here, don't lie to me, please, sir.
I miss him so much, I would long for the day
where I can wave to him while being mostly nude.
Are you still violently crying when you hear George Michael sing?
Absolutely, and yet he has banned from my restaurant
as I want his like violin music and occasionally flowrider.
Healing can soon begin.
There you have it.
The will to sex-seed?
I said, well, it used to be.
Now it's the will to cook with seed oils.
I still use them regularly.
Honestly, just to fuck with the various rich guys who pay me.
Why does my penis get soft when I smell baby oil?
Is it because of pee-ditty?
Yes.
Or Pat, say, Jack.
Yes.
Did you go to culinary school?
No.
50% less lube than build-up from there.
Have you been reading my recipe book?
I don't.
No, it's a context for this.
One sec.
I need to talk to my lover, Pastor Joe.
Where are you going?
Why do you always leave me around this time of the day?
I'm so sorry.
Is you having a romantic twist that I'm interrupting
because I did not think.
Honestly, I'm sort of one of those guys
that doesn't believe in therapy.
I mostly believe in sex.
So I would be happy to stop doing this.
Kevin left us.
Kevin left us all.
It was not just me because I don't even know the word
for saying goodbye to such a man, such a beautiful little
body like an elf that never ages.
He always greets you with a shining Irish smile of crinkly eyes
and perfectly situated bark and stalks.
Oh, how I miss this magical little man and the things
that I would either let him do to me or do unto him.
I was trying to fuck him for the records all the time.
Could you taste my cooking?
I have a sample from last night.
Just let me undo my pants first.
Is that counter therapy because they're not
do you like therapy more?
How many metal pots have you microwaved?
I guess all of them.
You've got to make sure that it's actual stainless steel.
And the best way to test is in your microwaves
the size of a large pot, which I don't know about.
It's not the lube all over your body.
It's about the lube around your heart.
So you have read my memoir because that
should be impossible.
I have not posted it.
You have access to my Google Drive.
Hold up.
Wait up.
I got a weird question.
OK.
Try to understand one of life's strange lessons.
Waves crash and things cause rocks to roll
that I know but more intense than magnetic fields
or a thousand shocks of an electric ewe.
What my blood must be set free.
Release me.
Is that an evanescent song?
Because if so, I do like it very much.
Lube chef, I know you used Splinthor's wooden penis
to stir your food.
I did.
I pulled it off him and he said that I could.
He said that he could no longer feel anything in it.
And I said I will find a way.
Have I?
I do not know.
But I do still contain the phallus in my kitchen.
Did you hear?
Kasemji is streaming again.
Wait, really?
I'm sort of curious.
Wait, actually, is that because I did not know he's doing that.
Kevin left us for an AI bot.
How sad.
That is very sad.
Proliferation of AI into our things makes me so sad.
That's why I get so relieved when I talk to a realist guy like you.
What is a realist guy?
I do not know.
It's sort of this actual fast to fast interaction
that makes the world go round.
I need to make a chocolate pipe bomb.
I was inspired by you.
How naked do I need to be?
And how much lube will I need to cover my supple, boyish figure?
The answer to all your questions, as usual, is more.
Do you prefer to microwave your lube or to heat it up on the stove?
When was the last time you just used good old fashioned body heat
to prepare that lovely lube?
The real answer is what you said at the end there.
It is the finest culinary technique to heat up the lube
on the body of an aging and hairy 40-year-old man
that has trouble regulating his body condition,
body temperature due to a thyroid condition.
But it is hard to come across this type of guy nowadays.
Everybody is still fit and they're eating too much canola.
We never stopped lubing.
We didn't?
I actually...
When are biscuits on the menu?
You know what?
Doctor, you have inspired me today.
And now it's something to use that I will leave this job forever.
Because this is a sort of place where I would never let me serve
the rankest and freshest piss to my customers.
And oh how I miss having an actual mustache
instead of this boring ass beard.
And being a sexy guy with lots of hair.
But that is also apparently a child.
I'm going back to it.
This is my promise to you.
I'm once again 16.
I will go get a bunch of lube.
And I will make people eat various bodily fluids
as was the original intent of my character,
such as it was and if it ever was even one.
And so I am being healed and it is done
that you have healed me.
And I can go back to probably not appearing on this stream
with much regularity.
Because I'm so busy, would be the reason.
And that is why today I say therapy works,
man and the ladies are right.
And you should honestly probably be doing it
to this.
Okay, very good stuff we've done again.
And of the only choice to say to that is bye bye forever.
Hey everybody.
Oh, I'm not Jeb but that was lube chef.
That was that he looked fine to you.
And I'm not Jeb.
What kind of standards are we applying here?
That seems extremely unfair to me.
I'm upset.
I'm actually in a really great mood to be here like always.
And I'm like lube chef I won't complain about existing.
And I'm staying around forever.
And you'll never get rid of me.
Gonna be right.
Oops, shit.
What the hell son?
I burped out of my stinky mouth.
Ew, don't describe it that way.
I didn't mean to.
Shirt.
Oh, shard up my shirt.
That's unprofessional.
I'm actually here to learn just like all of you.
Maybe I can learn to control the gases in my body.
Although fat chance of that happening.
Given the rumbling in my tummy and the thing
that comes flying out of my butt lately.
Shit, I'm just talking too much.
I'm all worked up.
I need to relax and learn something new with all of you.
So why don't we get into that right now?
Test your larynx position.
Grab your finger.
Okay.
I guess we're gonna learn to test.
And I'm fine with that.
Squished head jab.
Just how many times do I have to explain
that I fell on a well?
And then I smashed my face in the bottom of a well.
And that's why I look different.
It's a normal reason to look different.
Why do you have a well?
What does that even mean son?
You don't know.
It's the well, the old family well in our basement.
I fell down there.
What?
You and Jeb always acted like,
and Jeb always acted like,
you didn't know what the well was.
But why was it in the basement?
Why is it whispering to me if you don't know about it?
What?
Okay.
Actually, I'm not here to teach you about the well.
I'm here to learn how to test my larynx position at home.
So let's get into it.
Trace it all the way up to your neck
until you feel that little bump.
Right, that's your larynx.
Put your finger there.
Gentle, gentle.
I want you to give me a super relaxed.
Oh my God, I need to go to bed yawn.
Okay, really yawn for me.
Okay.
Oh.
Hi.
Immediately you should feel that the larynx has drawn.
Hi.
Great.
You can feel it with your finger.
Low.
Hi.
Low.
Hi.
Low.
Hi.
We wanna keep it low.
Wow.
Now that we're in this position,
I want you to give me a very low, comfortable note
that gives you no problems.
You can sing this even when you wake up.
I just woke up.
You can sing it or hum it, okay?
Mm.
Ah.
If your larynx is raising already,
then there's your problem.
If you're maintaining it low, then cool.
Problem with what?
What's the problem?
Is that the lowest you can go, son?
This is low.
Ehh.
It was lowest like a seabird.
That's pretty high up.
Got a highlighted comment here from Giggle Trash.
Which one, Cinnamon Toast Crunch Minute,
Jebs Glasses Giggle, just like Peter?
I'm nothing like Peter.
Who's Peter?
Don't worry about it, daddy.
Hi everyone.
Okay, this is Taco.
This is Taco Tongue.
I'm not sure what that is,
but I'm excited to find out.
Sometimes learning is learning what you're learning.
And let's learn what we're learning together.
Hi everyone.
How many of you can do a taco tongue like this?
Today we're gonna teach you how.
Hey, they already did it.
Open your lips like a kiss face, right?
Bring your tongue out a little.
Get your pat-a-pop stick and rest it on your tongue tip.
Hold it there.
Now keep your tongue in that position.
Open your lips a little bit more.
Now I want you to blow.
Well done.
You're getting there.
Do it again.
Round your lips.
Don't blow.
Get your pat-a-pop stick.
Push it down in the middle of your tongue
so it cools flat.
Hold your position.
Now I want you to blow.
You got it.
You got your taco.
That was speech pathology services.
And it wasn't a sex thing.
If anybody thought it was, cool your jets.
It was a speech pathology.
It's just a normal minute long YouTube video
teaching you speech.
I know a lot of people can do that with their tongue.
But curl their tongue.
Just move their tongue.
Jet is pretty cool.
What does that have to do with tongues?
You know as well as I do,
Jet has a lot to do with tongues.
Okay, yes.
I guess in the sense that he holds the world record
for best tongue kiss.
And that he figured out how to regrow tongues
in that boy who lost his tongue.
And that he can lift 20 pounds with his tongue.
Other than that, well,
and then he was commended by a lead singer of Kiss
for having a better tongue than him.
Other than that, he's not known for tongues.
Gene Simmons?
You remember that?
You're not supposed to.
Is that our neighbor?
Yeah, daddy, that's our neighbor.
Let's do one more.
Let's do one more.
Practice kissing with me.
Okay, Jet, we'll see who holds the record
for best tongue kiss after I watch this video.
It's time to learn to kiss
with these kind and giving women.
Oh, not, oh.
Oh, uh-oh.
Hey guys, it's Marissa.
And today you guys are gonna get
to practice kissing with me.
No, not on them.
No, not that with you on the cast.
Kiss me out of the bearded barley, nightly,
beside the green, green grass,
such as the...
When I was younger, like teenage years,
I had this like...
I think they blurred her face for her own safety.
I think this is like one of those interviews
they do in the dark on TV.
They just forgot to change her voice.
And that's why she looks like this.
We're gonna bump it up to three times speed
and see what we can get out of this.
I'm not gonna do that.
I'm just gonna hold on!
That's the secret.
We can do that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
That's the secret.
I'm gonna do it.
I can't wait.
We can do that.
I'm not gonna do that.
Shall we do that?
I'm not saying I should saying I can't practice
this. I mean what am I gonna do? Kiss this? Kiss this
boggling? He's a little too weird looking. I have a spirit
boggling. What the f- how'd you get that in there? Get him
out of there. He's my friend. Hey, that's a grovelin, sorry.
You're not supposed to have other things in there. He whispers
to me. He tells me the secrets of how to escape. Get him
out of there. Are you gonna tell me how to escape? Into a world
of kisses? Don't look at me like that. I'm not gonna do
anything unless you want to. And I know you and I know you
neither of us want to. So why would we do that? Stop. Hey, no.
We're friends. We can't. He just says, hey, obviously there's
some tension here, but it's not the time. He's being
crit- We can't do this on camera. We can't keep
meeting like this. I got it. That's it. I gotta go. Sorry. I
gotta go. I'm kidding. I'm doing a joke. That's a joke. Let's
just send it. There's a gamer who's gotta do a game. There's
no time for me to- I already kissed mine. We tongue
kiss deep and I drink of the knowledge of his mouth. Daddy, stop it.
Stop casting spells with your tongue and mouth like your name
is Jet. Alright, I'm gonna send it to this gamer guy. I just
can't. I can't today with all of this. Everybody's being
too crazy. And I'm actually the only sane one because what I
understand is that you're never too old to learn a new
trick. We'll see you soon. Okay?
Okay. Yeah, everybody.
I'm starving. I gotta eat with our honey. So, God, I had to
wake up so early today. I gotta feel like an army of
sport. I've been up for 20 minutes. I'm exhausted. I didn't
wake up to crack a 6 30 PM. We just can't start it. So, if
I have low energy today, just deal with it. I'm doing
the best that I can.
I'm
today. We're playing.
We're playing a game that I honestly I said I'd stop
playing because the the desert is fucking
ruining it. They're fucking ruining it. Yeah, you know,
okay? I'm like, I know these guys and they're just
fucked. There is a fucking mess. I got the feeling we
yeah. Game development is hard.
So, maybe stop if you develop a good game. Maybe don't
fucking ruin it with your patches.
All right. Anyway, mom, clean up your room, take out the
garbage and quit using up all the washcloth. Why did my
music re-hit as soon as she said that? That's
fucked up. I'm just making sure my shit works, mom. Actually,
I'm cleaning up my computer which counts. It's actually how
we afford this whole house. Well, it's suddenly
suddenly eats your house. Technically, I could buy a
mansion though if I wanted to. So, you're lucky that I
live here actually. I could live in a fucking, I like a
really big house to be annoying and I wouldn't want
to go there, but I could. Okay. I just gotta mom.
Brand, brand. The news media said your best friend got
found guilty of some real bad stuff.
What? Guys, this fucking honestly, I don't, this isn't a
drama channel, okay? This is a gaming channel. Well, I'm not
getting into your petty YouTube drama bullshit actually,
okay? We have some fucking standards here. We actually
have some standards. So, I today we're playing
Divas Stars, Malmania for the Game Boy Color, even
though the mods fucking ruined it with patch 48.5687.
What? Brand, honey, your computer was a bit sticky earlier
when I was cleaning it. Is that why it's slow? I've been
experimenting with candies. It's for a thing. I'm, I got a
sponsorship from Timothy Chalamet directly. He's
trying to crowdsource funding for an independent
version of Willy Wonka, but where he, where he
combines Willy Wonka with the life story of of Pawn
Shuffy Combs. And I, so I've been experimenting with
candies because he's, I want me to eat candies that
have his face on it on stream to sponsor his movie
where Pete Diddy's Willy Wonka. I've developed a
hokey heroin addiction and it's all because of you,
brand, brand. Also, Kendall wants to play
Pete after the stream with you. Did she say that in the chat?
I told her that I, I'm not in a place for a relationship right now.
So, I don't have time. I don't have time for a relationship right now.
So, tell her that I can't because I'm busy. Brandon, why is the inside of this
groveling so crusty? Because I'm experimenting
with, um, I got, I got a tissue sponsorship.
Sorry, someone's talking to me. Yes. What's up?
Someone else is calling me. Yes. Why doesn't that one thing work?
One second. Yes. Are you touching yourself?
Yeah, no. Stop that or it'll get infected.
I have to figure out a, look, something's not working or something. I, I gotta
figure out this thing that's not working for some reason.
Guys, we're gonna get down to business in just a second. But shit's being crazy
right now. Shit's like legitimately being
fucking crazy right now. I gotta fix this. I gotta get it to work.
Yes. Mom. Got good. She fell asleep or some
shit. Okay. This was working. That pussy better
stink. Otherwise, I don't want it. Popped a perk 30, got straight till
fucking. That pussy dole say. Smoking fentanyl
lace cereal milk. I see God. This shit ain't nothing to me, man.
That pussy got me screaming, crying, pissing, shitting, shooting ropes.
Yeah, we getting that pirate bay alien shish kebab
cordycep money. I hope them aliens are real so that I have more things to
fuck. Smoking the Qui-Gon Jen Vietnamese
Phillips head run. She sucked me like a cordless Dyson V8.
Does this work? Okay, that does work. That does work. It just is on a long
delay. There's like a real backlog, I guess, of
guys that want to talk to me, Snake. Or what's your name?
Brick? Brick, I don't have time for this.
What? Honey, Pastor Joe will be over soon.
We will be praying really loud and hard. Just letting you know.
Mom, I'm just trying to play Diva Stars, okay? It's a sponsored stream by Timothy
Chalamet to promote his new P. Diddy Willy Wonka crossover movie.
I need to play this game or I'm gonna lose out on a six million dollar
payday. And that might not mean anything to you,
but to some of us it also means nothing. I don't actually need, I don't need the
money, but I'd feel rude if I didn't do it because I said I would.
Yes. Well, no, wait, mom, I'm busy. Your friend said you were going to help him hide
stuff on his PC. Yeah, because he doesn't understand how
folder passwords work. He doesn't like get that you can
encrypt hard drives, which is it's respond, if you have important financial data,
that's a normal thing to want to do. And if I helped him do that, that is a
normal thing to do. Because like, privacy used to
mean something. Wow. That's the healthiest, that's the healthiest
BM I've had in months. And yeah, my doctor told me my burps are
bowel movements. Yes. Brandy, where did all the
slarmjarms go? I just bought a case of them this morning at the Walmart.
I like to throw them up in the air and pretend they are the New York Knicks.
Mom, stop trying to play basketball. Your knees can't handle it.
She thinks she can, she wants to break down gender gaps, which I've
already talked enough about, and joined the New York Knicks men's team.
And I think that's fucked up because I think she has certain biological
advantages too and it makes it unfair. That's why you gotta keep the sex
separate. What? Good. I guess she fell asleep. You ever see the Sparks Brothers
documentary? Apparently, they are your favorite band's favorite band.
But my favorite band is Slayer. Is Slayer's favorite band really Sparks?
Or is it 98 degrees? It's Sparks. Wait, you mean Bubba?
I like Bubba Sparks more than 98 degrees, but I also don't like music.
And I'd appreciate it if you stopped playing it because I requested that you
stop playing music ever because it's bad for my ears.
Bran Bran, are you going to pong some noobs today?
Yes! Don't make me get on there and fuck yo shit up.
Mom, you suck at, you suck at diva stars. You honestly fucking suck at diva stars.
It'd be dangerous for you to play me. You could die from
um getting fucked. God, okay.
She's so fucking dumb I just fucking rocked her ass.
Guys, shut up. Honestly, everybody shut up. I got-
No way you could suck more at video games as if there was one about blowjob.
There is, and I've played it, and I got a good score.
And that was a sponsored stream. Maybe you like that new Maserati?
That you- we both decided we didn't want to buy
what we could have? Yeah, that stream hypothetically would have paid for that
if we buy things, if we bought things. I haven't actually bought anything in
about three years. My doctor said- my uh my cotton said that I
I have actually more money than- than several countries.
Colonel, I think this is working.
Rick, I don't have time for this. I'm also working for the CIA right now.
They contacted- this is also a stream sponsored by the CIA
and this is the guy that I've been interfacing with.
Right now we're sponsored by Timothy Chalamet's new movie,
Willy Diddy and the CIA. I'm supposed to have an overlay but I
fucking forgot. Sue me or something. I'm saying your
name so it counts. So why don't we just not-
Do you have anything else? Nope.
Hey, Bran, Bran. I met a handsome orange mullet-haired man today.
His name was Masimo and he's a part of some gang or squad.
I don't know but I think you might have a new stepdad soon.
So behave. I'm not even- Mom, I don't care.
You think I care if I have another dad?
Oh, we're on dad number eight. I stopped counting.
Got her. What? Are you a pervert? No!
I've literally- I literally swore off sex
but secularly. I'm one of the first secular guys to remain a virgin
for- due to secular logic. I was one of the first guys to do that.
Get on my level. You're actually ruining your life every time you come.
And not because you need to retain. It's because it's like- it's a distraction.
It's just people trying to enter your brain through your penis.
What?
Toothpaste is a government conspiracy. Never brush your teeth.
That's what I'm fucking talking about. This is why I accepted the sponsorship from the CIA
because my boy Brick fucking gets it. Absolutely. That's why this is my guy.
That's why this is my guy.
Seriously, do not brush your teeth. It is- it is a one way- you're gonna end up
on the side of the road caught in a bear trap, okay? If you brush your teeth.
It's- they're trying to enter your mind by- actually fluoride is- it turns out we were
wrong. It's good for you. When you brush your teeth it removes it from your brain.
And by then the radio always get right in there. What?
Got my knee pads on and everything. One second.
Oh wait, never mind. I thought someone was calling for me but it was just my mom in the CIA.
Okay, I gotta play this game. Look, what you don't understand about streaming
is that it takes roughly 30 minutes to load up a Game Boy Color game.
Oh fuck. Sorry, I fell asleep. I fell asleep with a rat in my mouth.
I thought it was my blanket but it was a full rat.
What CIA? What? Brick? What? This is Brick Lizard. He's a spy.
And I'm allowed to say that I'm not burning him or whatever.
I'm in a k-hole licking balloon nun. When I got the meat cannon I be shooting
straight rope. This shit ain't nothing to me man.
Chanel optics got me seeing shit. I need fentanyl slime.
I just popped a whole garbanzo bean. Fuck you mean.
I smoke real emerni-wraps, galleon ghost nuggets. Y'all can't fuck with me.
I'm him. I've been him. I will continue to be him.
Yellow rubies glistening like piss. Gulping sea monkeys by the gallon.
My tummy feel crazy. That koochi yummy slime.
That koochi doing it for me slime. Okay.
This crazy rambling lady. Do you want me to take care of her?
Um no no it's my mom. It is my mom. Oh no hey wait I said no.
The diva calls to battle Brandon. Is that another one of the spies?
Oh that's the game I'm supposed to currently be playing.
Yeah sorry guys today we're playing the Game Boy Color game diva stars.
Um as I pointed out I am in an active feud with these mods and I am being sued by them.
By the game creators sorry by the game developers.
They claim that I inspired a hate mob to burn down several of their houses
and just because I did say that should happen I was actually in character when I-
All of this is also a character like Alex Jones.
So you are allowed to say basically anything and that's why-
Can you ever find love on the battlefield?
Like I mean I mean like battlefield six.
How can I find a girlfriend on there? I'm super lonely.
Dude don't bother with that stuff it's literally
they're literally trying to control your mind but like through your crotch.
You're trying to reach into your- imagine if you were crying from ninja turtles but your brain
was your penis and the robot was the state and the state was every woman.
That's what you're up against and you understand because you're CIA.
Dude just stay on the line.
Okay I gotta load this game.
I have to load I have to play this or Timothy Chalamet is gonna be mad at me.
I'm in a k-hole licking balloon nut.
When I got the meat cannon I'd be shooting straight rope.
This shit ain't nothing to me man.
Chanel optics got me seeing shit.
I need fentanyl slime.
I just popped a whole garbanzo bean.
Fuck you me.
I smoke real emriny rap scallion ghost nuggets.
Y'all can't fuck with me.
I'm him.
I've been him.
I will continue to be him.
Yellow rubies glistening like piss.
Gulping sea monkeys by the gallon.
My tummy feel crazy.
That koochie yummy slime.
That koochie doing it for me slime.
It is pretty good.
I mean it's pretty good but like seriously don't- that's rude to do.
Don't use my stream to promote your rap career.
You're supposed to be the CIA.
That's who's sponsoring me not your rap career.
Okay.
One time I caught the fairy over to Shelbyville.
I needed a new heel for my shoe so I decided to go to Morganville.
Which is what they called Shelbyville in those days.
Now to take the fairy cost to nickel.
And in those days nickels had pictures of bumblebees on them.
Give me five bees for a quarter you'd say.
Now where were we?
Oh yeah.
Mom.
The important thing was that I had an onion on my belt.
Which was the style at the time.
Okay I gotta play this game mom.
For real.
Can this-
William you have to come watch this wrestling match.
The undertaker just threw mankind off hell in a cell.
And he plummeted 16 feet through an announcer's table.
Okay that's cool mom.
That's great.
Do you know why there is such add delay between my knock and when I start talking?
I don't know what you-
Ask yourself that question mom.
I'm actually trying to play a fucking game that people care about.
So I must actually have a real fucking job to do mom.
Okay.
Hey girlfriend are you ready for the big fashion show tonight?
Ring ring.
Ring.
Hang on.
Hey Tia, Nix.
Um the-
Nate I'm playing a game.
Right now I'm playing a game.
This is why people watch me so if you want to sponsor my stream maybe let me do my fucking job actually.
We're going to the mall.
I'm in a caole looking the loon nut.
When I got the meat cannon I'd be shooting straight rope.
The shit ain't nothing to me man.
Chanel optics got me seeing shit.
I need fentanyl slime.
I just popped a whole garbanzo bean.
Fuck you man.
I smoke real imrani.
Wrap scallion ghost nuggets.
Y'all can't fuck with me.
I'm him.
I've been him.
I will continue to be him.
Yellow rubies glistening like piss.
Goping sea monkeys by the gallon.
My tummy feel crazy.
That koochi yummy slime.
That koochi doing it for me slime.
Is your refrigerator running?
Wait who?
Ke- is that-
How many times did that get submitted?
Love the hate is going psycho mode on that one.
I'm here to take down a new type of metal gear called your mom.
What?
Really?
At our- because I did say probably don't do that.
Probably we can't do that.
Anyway she has to go to the mall.
Use the control pad to move the scooter.
Use the button A button to jump and the B button to speed burst.
Okay we're trying to get to the mall.
Some of us actually have some shit to fucking do today.
Okay?
Oh that's- it's 2D.
It's- it's sort of a 3D looking world but this game's actually 2D.
That's- it's one of the first games to do that.
I got every single fucking power up.
Let's go.
Let's fucking go.
Um so in patch 40- in patch 3.4a lemur you wanted to go to snack spot first.
But I've heard that they fucking ruin this game.
And I think now you're supposed to go to music spot.
The speed beat route has been completely ruined.
I don't know why mods are so aggressive against the competitive community but
um they've just- they've completely like fucked with most of the routing for this game.
So the diva stars friends are ready to hit the dance floor.
Watch the bottom of the screen.
Uh when the button-
I'm not talking to that snake guy.
Mom!
I don't care if you say he's cooler than your dad that left us.
He runs around in a box.
If he tells you to hide in a box and go to a government base does that sound like a good idea to you?
Yeah I probably would do that mom.
I probably would do that because maybe-
Because he actually- at least he like calls me with a ringer.
He doesn't bang on my fucking door all the time.
You- I have to talk to her like that or she will not shut up.
Anyway when the button reaches the red line and the highlights press the matching button.
Okay whatever.
This is fucking easy.
Uh B. Miss.
A. Miss.
Miss.
Da- oh good.
Good.
Good.
Oh that was a miss.
Miss.
Oh the buttons are-
Oh I lost.
That is bullshit.
Mom!
Mom you're ruining-
Mom I'm lo-
I'm-
Mom.
Mom.
Mom.
Mom.
I'm literally playing a rhythm game right now.
Can I-
Okay well maybe you don't drink that much mom actually.
It was when you throw it back you kind of become insufferable.
Dumbass.
Time for a delicious snack.
Use the spoon to move the sundae on the left to one of the dishes on the right.
Mom I'm literally trying to focus.
Use the A button to pick things up.
Quiet pastor Joe don't disturb brand brands.
You are though.
Do you like he suspects a thing?
Mom you are disturbing me.
He's so stupid like your boyfriend.
Okay.
He can be doing it on them of them getting all sloppy and they wouldn't even
know but now let's get to my room.
What am I supposed to do here?
Am I supposed to fucking do here?
Wait what is the fucking point?
What am I supposed to fucking do here?
What am I-
This is impossible.
This is actually impossible.
Like what could I even possibly fucking do here?
I love you.
Carry on.
This is impossible.
Oh I did it.
It was easy.
Hey girlfriend!
Pick a-
Pick a motif.
Fabulous, glamolicious, groovalicious.
I'm pretty much fable-licious actually.
Yeah I did it.
I did it.
They changed it.
They fucked it up in patch 1.48.
Lemur alpha 6 but I-
I've gamed a lot so I think I can-
I can sort of see through that kind of bullshit actually.
Like it's basically the same mechanics even though they didn't ruin it.
Timothy Salame called.
He said you have five minutes to get that game working or the deal is off.
Well I'm on now so maybe let me know earlier next time mom.
Maybe you don't fucking w-
Miss!
How did I fucking miss?
I literally didn't miss.
I do not miss.
I literally don't miss.
Oh the-
Okay.
This is hard mode because the buttons are literally reversed.
They literally reversed the buttons guys just so you know.
That's how much they fucked this game up with their last patch.
They literally have been ruining this fucking game.
It was just a shame because it's got such an active community like some people actually care about this
shit like me.
Like some was actually game.
What mom?
You know if you want to come out of the closet I understand.
No.
This room isn't a closet mom.
This is the room you are playing.
Mom I had this room legally zoned for business.
It's no longer a closet.
Technically this room is a multinational corporation just so you know.
Yeah you rock.
Yeah I fucking know.
I'm smoothalicious actually.
Okay.
I've pretty much been destroying this so.
I said knock knock.
What?
Brandon.
What?
Knock knock.
Can you hear me Brandon?
What mom?
Brandon.
What?
Brandon.
Yes.
Knock knock Brandon.
What?
Knock thicken knock.
What?
I don't get it.
Oh shit I didn't read what I was supposed to do.
I didn't read what I was supposed to do I'm fucked.
Oh I nailed it.
Actually I fucking nailed it.
Hey Brandon I'm making a grilled cheese you want one?
Yes.
I can cut the crust off just like you want it?
Yes please mommy.
Okay I love you brand brand.
Okay I love you too mommy thank you.
Boom.
Awesome job.
Yeah I know.
Uh probably this actually.
I don't really need a fucking pendant.
Actually I already have a functioning heart.
Might have heard about it.
It was literally being studied by medical science.
They're not quite sure how it's pumping because it's
completely shriveled in black.
But it is.
What?
What brick?
You can get to a secret diva level if you call for an extraction at the mall.
Over.
Okay that is useful brick thank you.
If you could give me a little bit more of that and a little less
trying to kill my mom I get it.
I get it but at least not on stream man come on.
What am I supposed to do with this fucking cat?
What am I supposed to do with this fucking cat?
I miss the instructions because everybody's fucking bothered.
Like bugging me non-stop.
Give me this give me this fucking cat.
Oh that was it.
That was literally it.
What was that mom?
I don't actually care.
I don't care.
I did it.
I found fluffy stars.
Okay this last level is nearly impossible is the only problem.
The thing is like obviously I have been destroying this game
and you're probably not surprised because you've seen me do that before.
But this last level is fucking bullshit and they did ruin it.
So it will be a fucking miracle if I can make it out of this like with a shred of sanity intact.
What mom what mom what?
Who are you talking to in there?
You.
They all know you have no friends and oh yeah by the way I've got you some more tapeworm food.
Oh thank you mom.
You're gonna have to fatten up those tapeworms.
Yeah they're gonna I have been told that they need to get a little more in them.
Or they will start eating me.
And I do already know that mom but thank you.
Wait what?
Uh what's-
No one believes you have a girlfriend other than your flesh light.
I literally am not wasting my time on this bullshit okay.
Wait what was this isn't hot oh what I had in mind what did you have in mind?
Different colored shoes okay.
Not sure if the hat goes with this that's it.
What the fuck?
Yeah now it does this isn't what I had in mind what how am I supposed to know you fucking had in mind lady?
This is just what you have run out of stars nice try.
Favorite heated rivalry character and why is it the Russian?
What was that was that important?
What?
Um it's the Russian.
Alexa needs a fab outfit for the fashion show.
Press left or right change the clothes until you pick an outfit that she likes.
Use the reset button to give yourself more chances when you're finished.
Just so just fucking guess what this lady likes.
Yeah you like this shit?
What snake?
A brick.
So trying to get to the mall huh?
Yeah make sure you stay cool that's critical for the mission.
Also make sure to keep an eye on your map it tells you how to get there.
There's I didn't see a map okay this looks honestly fucking sick.
Not sure if this hat goes with this outfit.
What hat do you fucking want this?
I'm so fucking good at this game.
That that is literally like what brick what?
What a thrill ness in silence through searching and I'll melt into you.
What a fear in my heart but you're so supreme.
Yeah I did good thanks honestly thanks yeah I feel like I did down that whole level pretty much.
It's because it is impossible.
Way to go.
I fucking know what to do here.
It's kind of everything actually.
Brandon!
God this sucks.
I was just on the Facebook and you know what I saw?
Well Esther shared this video of a cat playing a keyboard.
Great mom.
Yes yes yeah that's great mom.
You're a little polk shirt on and everything.
I think they call him keyboard cat.
They do.
They do.
I don't know what to fucking pick here.
This is impossible because that this one looks elegant and this one looks fun.
And I don't know what vibe I'm supposed to go for.
This is why I fucking hate this game they ruin this shit.
The vibe used to be so clear.
Cookies out of my computer.
There's a big bake sale tomorrow and I didn't bother baking because I knew my computer had some.
I always click accept cookies.
So are they?
Where's my goddamn cookies Brandon?
They're both in the computer and we have a ton they're old but you can
stale stuff.
Shikko and Stale is actually just a lie perpetrated by the state.
Cookies actually stay good forever because they're just oat and oat doesn't rot.
They're like oat and corn based and oat and corn both don't rot.
What?
Up, up, down, down, left, right, A, B, select, start.
You're not tricking me.
Select, start.
That doesn't work in this game.
I tried that first thing, Rick.
It doesn't work in this game.
Thanks to you we have everything.
Yeah I know.
That's what I tell my fucking mom.
She doesn't listen.
See you at the fashion show you better.
They better not fuck with me at this fashion show.
Some of the late run nerves are kicking in right now because this has been going really well.
I'll admit I'm a little fired up right now like I am nervous.
I am obviously nervous because this run has been going so well.
You want to grab tacos after work?
Yeah I do.
You have to bring them here I'm not leaving.
I'm not fucking leaving for tacos.
I can get tacos delivered.
I'm not leaving for tacos so you are gonna have to come here and also you can't come in.
But I will eat tacos.
If the question is will I eat tacos then yes.
Let's get to the rest of the divas friends fashion show password.
Okay.
BGSLSLSL5.
Just remember that because somebody just remember that.
I've always thought that like honestly like everyone says Nikki is OP.
But summer is better all around.
I think it's more impressive if you win with summer.
But yeah I do agree that Tia is like-
I'm gonna read your letter to Penthouse.
How you have two petite girlfriends and you like to bathe them after a long
session of love making?
Great job washing your hands.
No that was I got confused.
I was trying to write to Penthouse.
I was trying to write about the rats that sleep on me.
And how I want to know how I can bathe them so that they will leave.
I was trying to find a rat that's scared of water like me and if I bathe them if they'll leave.
Okay what?
Brick what?
Just follow your heart Brandon.
That's how you become the top diva.
That's what I'm doing.
That's literally what I'm doing.
Okay fashion spot.
But the right accessories and the matching weight this is the exact same.
This is the exact same.
Oh but there's more.
It's the exact same but more.
Okay okay this is what I mean about them ruining this fucking game.
Because they're trying to make it too complicated.
It should be the exact same setup as before.
Like the fact that there's three they think they think they can get so fancy with it.
But don't they understand that I just want to play the exact same game four times for each girl?
Oh god I fucking I fucking I'm trying to sneak around but I'm dummy thick.
And the clap of my ass cheeks keeps alerting the guards.
That's I that I don't know that's your problem.
That's a that's a you problem for sure.
I can't I gotta fucking.
I got all these DMs from fucking Timothy Chalamet.
I can't I gotta go too much shit.
They they fucking the devs ruin this fucking game.
They made it so complicated now there's too many boxes too many bags you're too
many clothes to try on they try to get all fancy with it.
Actually what we really like is just simple and solid game design and you had it perfectly.
Hey I slipped a gorilla keys under the door for you.
But are only on one side just like you like it.
Oh okay thank you thank you mommy.
Thank you mom momoropolis momoropolis.
Um I do have to fucking go.
Like it sorry.
I know the streams have been short lately it's because that foot fungus that I have.
Apparently it's it counts as possession of illegal mushrooms so I've been dealing with a
lot of flak from the cops.
Just because I showed my feet on that one stream.
Now apparently the DEA is on my ass which maybe this guy won't even remember to keep
your cool when picking a fashionable outfit.
Being cool is half of the fashion.
Yeah that's how I live my fucking life dude.
My style is completely my own.
Nobody else dresses like this.
And that's what makes me unique and that's what makes me an individual.
And that's what people are afraid to be nowadays.
And that sucks.
That fucking sucks.
Look all the shit about my friend um and the hard drive and people throwing around the word domestic.
What?
You can unlock the sniper outfit if you take out the guard at the fashion show.
Over.
Look all I'll say about the situation with my best friend is if you're gonna call pick
pick an insult terrorist or pedophile.
Okay.
Because it's kind of ridiculous if you're calling them both.
Just at least pick one.
People think they're so fucking cute.
Okay um I gotta fucking go.
I have to fucking go.
We gotta find somebody to raid.
Um.
Terrapito is not you know you need to pick one.
You need to pick one.
There she lusted after her lovers.
Who's gonna go to like those of donkeys.
Mom you're reading out loud.
I'm using a mission was like that of horses.
Mom you're reading out loud.
That's my favorite verse Pastor Joe.
Oh she's fucking praying again god damn it.
I can't even tell because she's always reading the erotic bible.
Um.
All right Ricky Peacock's on.
Let him know that he's getting raided.
It's gonna freak him out that he's getting raided by probably one of the
biggest gamers on the planet.
Um.
I'm back to games now.
I've decided.
What snake what.
Remember the fashion is subjective to the time period the game was made in.
What is popular now might not have been popular at release.
This game literally just got updated yesterday so I don't know what you're talking about.
But it literally just dropped a patch yesterday so I really I don't even know what you're talking
about.
I got a raid Ricky Peacock.
Um never tell ask him it's a mom it's a mom raid because she's fucking raiding every
second of my life with her bullshit.
Sorry if we didn't get to everybody's stuff.
Okay.
Careful Maverick the ocelot shows up at five one at stars over like the animal.
Anyway say hi to Ricky Peacock for me.
We'll be back on um I'll be streaming uh 36 hours a day seven days a week but
apparently this guy's stream will be back on Wednesday.
We'll be back on Wednesday.
I will be live on um CNN OAN and my own stream though starting immediately after this stream.
Who is doing this such a lust for revenge.
Whoa.
I think you got the wrong call dude.
I think you got the right thing that was for somebody else.
Okay uh say hi to Ricky Peacock for me.
Have a like do whatever you're gonna do.
I could just fucking we don't do uterus.
That's fucking stupid.
I'll be back in two seconds on my own stream and CNN OAN.
Can you go snake?
Oh my god.
Has your father and clone brother tried to kill you too?
Yes.
Is that so bad?
I have a complicated relationship with my father.
My brother father.