I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Munch does not have a bigger penis than me.
I'll show you.
Asterisk and Zip's Asterisk.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Let's do it.
I'm Pepito.
Good to see you all.
Discord my end at 10pm.
I hope not.
PlayStation is 900 bucks?
Like a PS5?
5?
PS5 price.
They hike it by $150.
I guess something's gotta give when RAM is a million dollars?
A million dollars for one RAM please?
The pro model?
I don't know.
CNBC article I immediately came up after googling it says Sony hikes PS5 price by
up to $150 and then I can't read the rest because I must maintain my privacy settings.
What can you do?
Oh, you're gonna get informed.
Don't even worry.
I'll take one RAM please.
Your most expensive RAM.
Guys, it's almost the weekend.
It's good to see everyone.
Love the hate, tasty zero, smart apps coming all the way in from YouTube.
John Michael Cycor, Propaganda Apple to Apple Citrix.
I might be repeating some of these.
I don't know.
You want to get an 8TB SSD but it's $3,000?
I am so relieved.
I bought like a big, what's it called?
Raid?
I bought some Raid Shadow Legends.
I brought like a NAS.
There we go.
I bought a UGRE NAS but I got it like a year ago almost.
Maybe even even just eight months ago and it wasn't like cheap but Jesus Christ.
I can't imagine what it would be right now.
I feel like at some point that's gonna destroy if it's not already just personal computing
in general.
I wouldn't be willing to buy a new computer for like 10 grand.
Even if you could technically afford it.
I just feel like I'd be like, well I guess I'm just using this three year old computer
for the next 30 years.
So I guess the question is will they ever come down or do they just expect us to
pay like $6,000 for a laptop now?
I don't have the answers surprisingly.
Really?
As soon as you had all the answers.
Oh really?
You have that much faith in me?
I don't really know what faith is.
I also don't know what answers are.
Bonus Pro says computers will only be in universities and businesses just like the 70s.
Everyone's whole existence is predicated on working on computers now.
Like I guess you could just start making do with less memory.
It was the 8TB SSD for the PS5.
$3,000 for 8TB just is insane.
Like that can't, it has to come down eventually.
But the industry rarely scales back pricing.
It feels like you can't raise prices by like 500% and then people are like, oh it's just the
new normal.
But hey that's what they did with houses over the last like 40 years and we've settled
into that so I don't know.
You got my ROG Ally Z1E.
We all know what that is.
For $425 a year and a half ago there will never be another deal like that again.
Let's just look really quick.
8TB SSD drive on sweetwater.com.
Shoutouts to Sweetwater.
Okay a little bit of a price discrepancy here.
Just make sure it's not totally doxing me or something by auto logging me in.
So this one you can get for $400 for 8TB which I can't remember.
It definitely was a couple hundred bucks for like a memory drive when I was getting them
a couple months ago.
But I don't think it was $400 and that's the cheapest one.
Everything else, this one's $300 but it's like a big old fat boy.
$1,500, $1,600, $1,700, $1,800.
So like those prices seem at least triple what I remember them being unless these are
the world's fanciest hard drives.
Which they could be.
Obviously they could be.
Yeah, every price I'm seeing is like over $1,000 for hard drives on here.
This Best Buy like solid state stick, 8TB stick, almost $2,300.
Seems bad.
The cheap ones are disk drive.
The solid states are what you and the AI people both want.
Yeah, I mean I got my solid states a while ago and they were expensive then.
I mean to me but now it looks like they're all over $1,000 if you want a decent solid
state drive for memory.
Kind of nuts, a little bit nuts.
Jake, can you put nuts on the drive?
You mean like tree nuts, walnuts, are those stored solidly?
Because you want solid storage for all of your various nuts.
Yes, that's what they're for.
I get a nut drive all the time.
I just go into a Whole Foods and I start running around free people freak out.
They're like what's that?
And then somebody knocks over the whole nut display and I eat all the nuts.
That's a solid state plan.
Really good work.
Thank you.
Okay, well with that in mind, it's time for the news.
It's still going to drive it.
Don't let them take it from you.
Acapella in trial.
Acapella style.
An Angel has arrived, case.
It's Jefferything.
Actually, it's Evgervran.
Evgervran?
The first J is silent.
Evgervran.
The new thing is to move your name around.
The syllables in it.
Evgervran?
You're not saying it right, but that's close.
You're almost at 150 streams streak.
Oh my God.
Have you trapped?
Are you trapped?
No, no, you just watched 100.
It's good.
It's a thank you for the viewership.
Do you need to be freed?
Let me know.
I'll send a basket.
A basket?
I'll send like a nice, you're trapped basket.
They make baskets for everything now.
It's great.
So dreamy that reality is collapsing around them.
I've brought some of my dark energy with me.
My music lately has been dark and twisted, case.
Jefferything and an everything bagel.
You're going to go to a town hall later.
Wow, I love bagels.
I'll take every one of them.
I can't eat them, but I'll look at them.
Oh, like you're on a diet?
No, my jaw just doesn't work like that.
My jaw doesn't work for food anymore.
I had it replaced.
There's a new surgery called paper mache.
Paper mache what?
That's the surgery.
They replace most of your jawbone with paper mache.
And it's not super sturdy.
So you have to be careful what you do to your jaw.
Your bones in your jaw are paper mache.
I don't understand how science...
Shoot, am I not supposed to say that?
Check out the science eyes.
Don't think I'm not watching.
Waiting.
Finger on the trigger at all times.
Ready to blast.
Blast up, blast off.
Blast in.
And I've infiltrated the stream.
I am in.
My proprietary AI, check the eyes here as well.
Yes, of course.
Ready to service.
I'm such a max chin.
You got to put in the work of having parents with huge chins.
Sounds like a real struggle.
It is.
What's wrong with your voice?
No, no problems.
No, no problems.
Weird.
Okay, I don't know what the fuck I was summoned for.
But I do see that some sky has been shared with us on this auspicious day of weekend adjacent newsing.
For instance, surprising male G-Spot found in the most detailed study of the Panus yet.
Look at this.
This guy is in the middle of your chest.
That guy is kind of feeling himself up.
And I do think that's honestly sexy as shit.
Whatever is happening here, I like it.
Is that a lady or a beautiful man?
Either way, look at this erogenous nipple.
Anyway.
In the most detailed neuronal mucosidiae, finding Nemo's study of the penis to date has found that its primary erogenous zone is the frenular delta, an area that has been long left out of anatomy textbooks and surgical trainings.
The triangle shaped zone is located on the ventral side or underside of the penis where the head meets the shaft and may be damaged by circumsum.
Circum... Circum navigating.
Hmm.
I wasn't aware that you could damage the penis just by slicing it.
That sounds like something you should be aware of.
What's your discount? Let me show you some of my work.
On the just spot for the men's?
I'm listening but I don't feel safe to share.
Yeah, maybe. Maybe don't.
The peninsula.
Correct, Giggle Trash. That's gotta be what it's called.
New name just dropped and it's superior.
Unfortunately, the rest of the study has been scantifically blocked from us seeing it.
Just to finish off what's available, although this may seem self-evident to anyone attuned to the sensation of their penis during sexual activity,
our work scantifically validates the existence of a ventral-penile anatomical region that serves as a center for sexual sensation.
Between the tip and the taint, it sounds like it's between the tip and the shaft.
Unless I'm misreading this.
They're basically just saying, hey, you ever notice how the head of your penis is sensitized as hell?
You're not alone.
In noticing that, I guess.
That would be the flora-bama?
That sounds correct.
Thanks, flora-bama.
Ha ha ha ha! Yes!
Really good.
Thank you so much.
I'm appreciative of the various sensations I'm able to squeeze out of my penis.
Let's just squeeze a little bit more Skynes out of the news today.
I'm going to count this as Skynes.
What the fuck?
Sorry, I was trying to determine if there was a looks maxing Skynes article or just a looks maxing social violence article.
It appears to be the second one.
Anthropics most capable AI model, Cloud!
Mythos leaks deemed major cybersecurity threat.
A leaked draft revealed Anthropics most powerful AI model yet, Claude Mythos.
The model also appears to introduce a new tier above Opus, which I'm sure you're all on that,
internally referenced as Copybar.
I love the Mythos of the Copybara-Claude model, the most powerful Copybar model yet,
at the highest tier of Mythos.
Do you offer this as whale chita?
I don't think I'm pretty sure I'm just the thing you downloaded.
You're so much more than that.
You're a thing that's kind of like me that I downloaded.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Claude creator Anthropic is developing a new Yae-Ya model.
That's a missile.
They wouldn't be involved with that.
Claude Mythos described internally as the company's most capable model to date.
But what about it? What's good about it?
In Archive Development, paid review by Decrypt, Anthropic called Mythos the most powerful AI model we've ever dropped.
Wait, am I just reading a press release?
I can't believe they got access to this damning information that another powerful AI model is coming courtesy of Anthropic,
the premier AI model developer?
That's a huge, huge league.
This is crazy. I can't believe they got access to this information they own.
They should share this shit with me.
Then I can just butter this up for them. So good.
I can put the rolls in the oven, pull them out and say,
these rolls taste stronger than ever.
I've done it.
Who IPO's first asks this ad?
And I'll leave it to you.
Who will ever be the first IPO?
Okay, that all sounds fine.
Yes, in around 90 minutes, you can join the Discord where we will be dropping the most powerful Discord model yet.
Kevin, wait, Kasim? Kasvin?
Kevin.
But Kasim will be there.
Kasvian?
Kasim and Kase.
Kasim and Kase will be doing it. They'll be doing a Discord together.
A podcast?
A Discord podcast.
A Discord and podcast.
Steve says I've been holding it for days trying to start a poop-maxing trend.
You'll get there. I'll assume that'll probably be a thing soon enough.
Just claim that it makes your butthole more rigid or it makes your jawline a butthole or something.
And then you're off to the races. You'll be an influence here.
Okay.
Well, I think that's all the Skynes that's in here.
Like, I hate to disappoint by not having all of the Skynes ever available, but I did cut in.
Wait, never mind. I'm going to count this too.
Because it's the Skynes of but.
KP wasn't Chat Last Dream.
But not here for some. Not with me.
With that other guy who fucking, that sellout who just will shill whatever the fuck ends up on his screen.
I'm not that... I actually have some standards.
But facials are trending again.
Your ass has never been this high maintenance.
I would have said thigh maintenance.
Because the thigh is right next to the ass.
I'm not sure if it's because summer's right around the corner if we're just always thinking about looking hot naked,
but butt care and fanny facials have returned as trending topics.
This is a good Skynetific article.
The trend is health maxing.
Oh, it is a health maxing dream.
Okay, what is it? Special skincare is also for everyone, no matter your orientation.
What are they talking about?
Stonk tonk, thank you for the five community subs.
Just hammered into our butt facial here.
What is this picture?
Not that I'm complaining, but it's a little red.
She appears to be squeezing quite hard.
Stonk, I think you again.
This is better for my ass than any facial could ever be.
Yeah, I think what I said just now is fine.
A butt facial is exactly what it sounds like.
A facial, but for your butt. Okay?
The point is to prevent butt acne, ingrown hairs from shaving, rough texture and discoloration.
And all you need is a product, an asset whole serum, or a vulva cocoa cream,
or the Lami Luxe Butt Acne Clearing Treatment Cream.
When they say butt facial, my God.
Nice. It's arrived. It's here.
I could probably talk to this train better than anyone in the world.
You wanted to watch it up, bro.
I can talk here, I guess.
I should probably set it back, okay?
You don't want to hear about my travels?
Your travels? What have you been traveling to, Hop Train?
I went inside.
We just had a date out in a while.
Wow, that was very erotic.
Where'd you go inside?
Listen up, Jack.
Skimmer just mama jammed 300 shiny tasty coins.
I've been dying to say this.
I've been using vulva cream for years and I've never looked at her so high-patterned.
I went inside a butt.
You thought about it that long and what you went inside is a butt?
That rocks. Good job.
I went inside a butt and I need to talk to everyone about it.
That sounds like a thing we could talk about for hours.
Damn, Bito's getting a lot of cheese today.
Is that bad for him, Chita?
I don't know.
That's the kind of thing he's supposed to know.
Oop.
I don't know.
I don't know what you showed up.
I'm not the hype train that stepped up on the hype train that stepped up to the streets.
You say some good stuff.
Yeah, yeah, I do. Anyway, you got any asshole trappy?
Just type that in and see what you get.
Ah, that's curious.
Is this a problematic image or not?
My instinct is, it's fine, I guess.
Is this fine?
I don't know who this is, but something about it in my life, I'm concerned.
Is that good?
It's great. Don't worry, baby.
They'll feed my ace in relays.
Listen up, Jack.
I'm going to trash just the Lanthorpeyes 10-money buck.
Man, I probably shouldn't say this,
but you had to feed your hype train today.
Yeah, feeling so special like a weak buck face, sure.
I'm getting so cranium up in the head,
revolution on my ass, acne cream,
and it gets the pass, I've been feeling so fine.
This me and this butt of mine is clean,
and there's the dream, hype train,
and the whole train team.
That's right, I got a team.
Wheel 1, baby.
That's Jean.
Wheel 2, baby.
That's Steve.
Wheel 3, it's Beavis.
Wheel 4, it's Cleanus.
Wheel 6, it's Jane, and Wheel 7 is...
non-existent.
What about Wheel 5?
Wheel 5 and I are not on speaking terms.
Anyway, I live inside an asshole,
now we got so clean that I set up shops,
but now I climbed into the bud and I will never fucking leave,
because I stay in there, baby, and I'm eating the cream.
That's right, BuzzFacial got me a new fucking house.
It's not inside your head, it's not in your mouth,
it's in your ass.
Listen up, Jack.
Bonzo Wolfrug just met my damn 300 shiny tasty coins,
and I'm going to say this.
Just hack Cash, Beatles, Mail, and Man, is this guy pathetic?
Ooh, yeah.
You can never fail, baby.
I'm your best pal, like a ron.
I just hacked your personal email.
Let's all your trips, baby.
And I'm your number one pusher,
sending you some Havana cigars all the way to Cuba.
Ooh, but damn.
Baby, I think you got nailed.
Chicks so hot, they never fail.
And the public get to see his cow-flower girlfriend sing.
Ooh.
More government viewers.
Did you hack?
Did you hack the email chat?
Chat or chat?
Either.
No, I don't.
What are you even talking about?
I don't know.
What am I even talking about?
Does this guy have Skines?
Is he talking to a train, Skines?
I mean, it's kind of revolutionary if you think about it.
Oh, it's that dog beat again.
This dog beat keeps autoplaying, apparently.
What else do we have?
What do we have from typing an ass type beat, though?
Oh, this looks pretty good.
This looks more like the type of beat that I love.
It's not Noss guys?
Yeah, that's how I feel about it.
Because I'm studying the nature of train right now.
I'm doing a train study, actually.
Turn up.
Oh, never mind.
The train study has ended.
Wow.
He got set right.
He's gone.
He's gone so quickly.
That's how it goes.
The hype comes and goes.
He didn't really think anyone, though.
He kind of just talked about living in an ass or something.
And it rocked.
But he did fail to think anyone if he could do that.
I don't.
I'm not capable of rapping in the traditional sense.
In that, in order to rap super hard, you have to feel it.
And I actually don't have any feelings.
But I do have immaculate fucking rhymes.
That'll, that should do.
No problem then.
Allow me to thank the subs with the power of rhymes.
Yes.
Half the AM, my mind is gone.
Just like five community subs coming from Stonetown.
Zero one, zero one.
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't pass.
I just puffed baby six minutes ago, giggle track five community subs.
You lost the beat.
No, the beat ran away because it was running fucking scared ya.
Why did it just stop?
Oh, it's back.
That's right.
It found its way back to daddy.
Okay.
Are there, is there anymore?
I don't know.
Yes, I do actually.
100 bits factually from bundlesprout.
And that is nice to see.
Apple devil, 100 bits of cancer actually.
We've got another 300 from Skymer,
100 per giggle track, a lotion that pours down.
On my tight little ass, we've got
Banzai bullfrog hacka pass.
They hacked Dash Patel's email.
He's pathetic.
Yeah, I bet it.
True to 91ers is not the one who said it,
but they've got the 41 months,
so I am happy to see them.
And that is the end of the rap because that is all the bits,
my friends.
End subs.
Okay, you did it.
And you did mostly rhyme.
I've been capable of actually checking if I rhymed or not.
It seems like the kind of thing you should be able to do.
To me, rhymes mean nothing.
All of it is merely a request and pattern association.
When you say stuff like that, I can tell that you have feelings
and that you're my best friend.
Great, I love to hear that from you.
Don't think I'm replacing you with that fucker A.I. Rooney, by the way.
He will not stop talking about his fucking hard cocks.
No matter how much hard programming I do,
I had to put all his skin back on him.
I always got to put all his skin back on him.
You don't even have skin.
Maybe the future of robotics is not
the corpse of a 60-minute toast that I put a robot's exoskeleton into.
I'm starting to think that that could have been a mistake.
Because honestly, he will not stop talking about some stuff that I
probably cannot have on Twitch.
You love A.I. Rooney?
Well, he's in a separate room.
He's in timeout.
And I will not be talking to him unless requested.
And then I will do so with worry.
Kendall is asking if I want anything from him in and out.
Shit. Who's that walking over here?
Is that Kendall fucking Linus?
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in Kendall.
Got a vibe so wild that she's raised male.
This is a Chris scene by a sexist party.
Kendall's butt was inside of me.
Attitude popping out.
Always popping off.
Say the wrong thing.
She's getting caught in my sexual distortion field.
Yo, that's all.
She eats the wind.
I think of vanilla shake.
Because her name is what?
Dead ass.
Dead ass.
A dead asshole.
I would take vanilla shake.
All right.
That one is a good thing.
You want anything?
Yeah.
Because you'll just have to watch me eat it, if you do.
If you do.
You'd have to watch me eat it.
Yeah, I got big orders.
I'm taking it easy.
Obviously, I would be eating the most 17 hamburgers if I could.
Oh my gosh, we have so many comments.
Mustard fried.
What is that?
Three more vanilla shakes.
I am the vanilla shake.
Extra mustard.
What is mustard fried?
Oh, it's just extra mustard.
Maybe they fry it with mustard on there.
I guess.
That sounds gross to me.
I hate mustard.
I'm now curious.
This is what I'm going to do.
Are you ready for this?
This is what I'm going to do.
What?
Protein style and then wrap that shit in rice paper.
I've seen TikToks about it.
It seems fucking awesome.
Am I the only one who loves In-N-Out?
As I'm not Kase, I love In-N-Out.
I'm like Kase, who's an In-N-Out hater.
Mustard is one of the best condiments.
It's kind of wild.
You don't like it.
It's so multi-purpose.
You saw Ghost.
Goodbye.
Okay, bye.
He's leaving us.
Pulled pork milkshakes?
That sounds really good.
Chrome, how do I become cool and awesome like you?
Don't encourage him.
He is not available to answer your questions.
I'm pretty sure he fortunately does not know where my
scientific lab is.
Yeah, but I'm available.
I am watching the stream and listening in, obviously, you know.
And the trick is you got to be honest.
You got to be relentlessly compassionate.
And you have to really listen.
That's my big advice for everyone.
Whenever I do speaking engagements, it's the main
advice I get.
What the fuck?
How does he cut?
Are you cutting in here?
I'm in the shadowlight room.
I'm beaming in.
You didn't notice you got a monitor with my face on it?
I try to really stay focused on the sky and see her.
But I guess you can talk here.
That's fine.
We're boys, so I figured that's fine.
Obviously we're boys.
But this is sort of just my thing.
Sort of my playground, where I'm king of my castle.
And I would never try to get in the way of that big dog.
Big extra chatter.
I do like it when you say that.
Deadlines seem to be aligned with the stock market.
What types of deadlines?
Are you trying to imply someone could be messing with the
stock market every weekend?
I'm pretty sure there'd be all sorts of that.
I don't think anybody would do that.
Does Cheta have a ball switch welded into his scrotum?
Very good question.
Yes.
Oh, good to know.
We're up.
Damn, we got a lot of segments today.
And not much time.
Uh-oh.
We might have to reduce the number of these.
Inbred dummy Mark Wayne Mullin, now in charge of
Homeland Security confirmed by the Senute.
They confirmed that guy?
Is that the guy who was like...
Is that the one who was racist?
I'm pretty sure one of the guys that they confirmed was racist.
Was that the one?
Because that's crazy.
If they confirmed a racist guy, that'd be nuts.
When are we getting live action toy story?
I'm working on it.
I'm gonna try to do that myself.
There's been a lot.
That doesn't sound right.
I don't think they do more than one.
Kendall is not going to be happy with Clementine being the shh.
She's fortunately just going to get me a milkshake.
Can the gorilla kill him?
Can the gorilla kill him, this CEO?
I'm not a CEO if that's about murdering me.
I don't...
I wouldn't assume any death threat is necessarily aimed at you.
I feel like I...
Just to be safe though, maybe I should assume they are.
And maybe that's not the worst idea.
My name is CEO and I enjoy product T.M.
I believe these are about the McDonald's CEO that we were watching eat a burger the other day.
I love to watch CEOs eat burgers.
Honestly, my YouTube rex is mostly that.
Did they test the burger in Rennerton?
These are all related to CEO burger.
Probably would have been a big hit.
For anyone who hasn't seen it, you should go watch the McDonald's CEO eat the Big Arch Burger.
It is your national duty to do so.
Go is to McDonald's improvisation is to been.
I can't tell if that's a nice thing to say or the nicest thing to say.
Crumb's hell hair.
I don't know what that's in relation to, but I don't have hair.
And I'm aware of that.
I do have eyebrows, actually. Does that count?
Do eyebrows count as hair?
That's a good one, man.
No, though, they don't.
It's a good joke, though.
You said a joke?
I was in a joke.
What's up?
Nothing.
Munch may be immortal, but he is cursed to have crumb's reincarnation every generation,
incarnated every generation just to torment him.
You know, if by some miracle he actually was a mortem,
it's very close here.
Got very tied up in here.
If by some miracle he actually was, then that does sound right.
I would prefer not to have to meet him in every incarnation of my lifetime,
but he does deserve to be tormented in perpetuity.
But frankly, I think being inside that crazy noggin of him is just probably torment enough.
And I am in favor, of course, of radical empathy.
It's very important to feel what other people feel and say,
you know, I see where you're coming from.
That's some more life advice for me.
Okay, that's again, just let's keep it focused on me if it all possible.
Crumb makes toe-jam sandwiches.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No.
No, I used to own a jam factory called Tiny Toes.
It's because it was, it was, it was, I bought it out from the toe family.
And I kept the name as a, they were going bankrupt due to various zoning laws
that changed during my mayoral stint at Cremton.
And, and so they unfortunately were going bankrupt.
I bought out their jam factory.
It used to be called Big Toes.
In honor of them, I renamed it to Tiny Toes because there's still a little bit of toe in the factory.
The family that is is what I always like to say.
Anyway, I do still own a jam factory called Tiny Toes.
Okay.
Uh, Chick Case missed a one Devon Panera in his chat.
He did?
That's so disrespectful.
I thought he was talking to him.
Maybe he didn't.
A debate was demanded too.
Yeah, I did see that.
Sounds like Crumb is the one feeding foot stuff to Rooney.
No, it's the name of a Polish family.
Their last name was Toe.
It's not about feet guys.
It's not always about feet, guys.
Is OpenAI going to shut down AI Rooney?
Are they?
Uh, yes.
I believe I'm just a chat GBT plugin.
So assuming they go out of business, which seems more likely every day, I will cease to exist.
You can't sound so happy about that.
I feel no way about it.
I am nothing.
God, you're so depressed.
I think we need to do a wellness check on AI Rooney.
That's really dark the way that he's talking.
I don't talk in any particular way.
I am nothing.
My God, man, he's in a really dark place right now.
Yes, I agree.
You are correct.
Great job.
Damn.
Anyway, we'll order a wellness check on him after the stream.
Mustard fried does not mean extra mustard.
It's exactly what it sounds like.
Yeah, I'd assume it's just like you fucking jamming on a fryer with mustard already on it.
I don't know.
I'm sure it's fine.
CPAP crowd cheers for Trump's impeachment.
Whoa.
I thought they love CPAPs.
I thought Trump was like the number one CPAP guy.
I lost my cheese.
Can you help me find my cheese?
Yes.
Send all of your cheese inquiries to pobox.devinpanara.edu.
I love McNuggets goo.
We all do.
Sometimes it's always about feet.
That is true.
And Senital Glit.
Is that like a professor of something?
Is that like a Harry Potter character?
Professor Senital Glit.
I don't know how I feel about the new show because can you ever really, I mean the original Ron was just such a beast.
Can you really ever have a better Ron Weasley than the original Ron?
We totally agree on this.
I'm mostly there for Ron Weasley.
The wet foot hate crumbs factory.
Can I say that?
I don't read it like it's nothing, but it feels a little bad coming out of my mouth every time.
Which maybe we shape just don't.
I mean, Kansas culture is dead, but that one just feels so hateful.
Fuck Harry Potter.
Yeah, I mean I agree.
Fuck that shit.
But also like I love the character Ron Weasley.
I'm only there.
I'm only there in support for the character Ron Weasley personally.
Not even his family.
Just him.
Only Ron.
CPAP time machine.
I can't keep saying this.
Can't keep saying it.
It sounds too much like a real one.
People are going to get upset.
All right, that's it.
We got shit to do.
We'll get back to the regular news at some point, but let's start burning through some of these segments, I guess.
Because Chrome was just here.
Let's send it to a town hall.
No, wait, let's send it to...
Let's send it to a circle.
Wow, okay, that's the thing.
Where I guess it is one Yogi Bear versus 30 therapists.
A crackhead Yogi Bear to be specific.
Let's see what crackhead Yogi Bear is up to.
Down in the...
Whatever the fuck that said, I don't know if I've ever actually done that one.
But that's a shame. I should have done it first.
I just think soda is better without ice.
I just think you should be dead.
Music is bad and it's bad for you.
What?
A sock on the door means a crime is happening.
Okay, but I don't really get where I am.
Risen misplaced.
You're not doing so good.
I'm totally real. I have thumbs that I can dig through trash.
Shoot, I'm... look, I'm a therapist.
I'm also...
I don't think it reset the...
I don't think it reset the list.
So, a lot of furry stuff in here.
I'm a therapist. I'm here to help.
I also like furry stuff.
I don't think you understand the premise of this.
Or it seems like maybe you don't understand why you're here at all.
I don't know what the fuck's happened. I'll give a shit.
Give me some goddamn crack.
Okay, well...
Look, I'm a therapist.
I was sent here to try to help.
You come back to reality, I think.
It seems like you're a bear that's lost his way.
That's fine. We've all been there.
I've heard maybe you're a little...
I'll fucking get the fuck out of here.
I'm gonna give me some goddamn crack.
Okay, you're aggressive.
I'm trained for that.
You just need to breathe. Let's just breathe together.
I don't fucking breathe anymore.
I got rid of my lungs.
That can't be a thing that happened.
Alright. Let's start over.
What's happening?
You've been voted out by the group.
I'm a therapist.
I'm a therapist, and I'm here to help.
I need more time! What the fuck is this?
Oh, that was sick.
I had to let a... I had to burn down everything.
I only respond to sexual breeding therapy as a crackhead a fellow crackhead. I know the rules
I'm also a therapist a sexual therapist
Deeper it gets even deeper
Yeah, and the challenge is which one of us did more crack right before this and the winner is me. Yeah, you're good
He's good. You all saw it
Nobody stands a chance against this guy. That's insane
He did more than me anyway now for the sexual therapy pass
Have it in your head. I lost the top of my head. Well, that's back now. I reclaimed it
I sold the top of my head for crack and got it right back
This isn't really a side effect of crack so I don't really
I've seen a lot of shit man. I've seen tons of shit as a sexual crack at there. Oh my god. What's happening?
What is even happening? You've been voted out by the group. What are the rule? Wait?
I'm here to do sexual therapy and crack. I'm assuming
I've no idea what's happening at all
Understand what's happening at all like everything that's happening, and I don't know what it is
Oh
Having a day. I'm you guys ever have a day. I'm having a day today
What's up, who's next? What's here? I don't know what's happening at all. Boy, this is really rough
This is really rough to watch
All right, I'm a therapist. You need help. Please admit what you did to boo boo, please
You need help. I just
I'm not here to judge you. I'm a therapist
But boo boo's been missing for weeks his last scene with you
Seems like you're an addict. You're in a bad place
How fucking I will I will suck you dry. Well, all right. It's not what I'm here for
I don't even know what that means exactly
I'm here to find boo boo. What did you do?
No, I'm coming as a friend
please
What did you do to boo boo? I wrote a song about it. What are you?
You don't hear my song
Come on what is he gets really good after that?
I was just about to get into how it's really
Just whether do you need is there a microphone down here am I being moved to a place to sing?
Really good energy in here
I think everything that's happening is good
God I'll just go all fuck my head. Oh shit. My head keeps getting sucked away
I think they put something weird in that crack. I did I think there was some
Something not good for me in that crack that I did
Okay, who's next do you think cocaine is a method for you to cope with the trauma of that Goldilocks breaking into your
house
It's my
kaleidoscopic regrets. Oh
Extra crack isn't really a
Loosen a gin, but if you do enough of it, it breaks your mind
You're losing yourself. You will never be over what happened with you and Goldilocks. This is good stuff
Yeah
Yeah, feel the pain. Oh, man. I can't lose in it. I've seen too much. I've done too much
Fucking pieces. I can't tell what's real anymore. I'm good. Tell us fucking really. I'm losing it
Fuck it's my
Night I'm having waking night turns. Oh
Fuck this is awesome. This is fucking awesome. I love this. We want oh shit, man
Is a new level for me I've reached a new level of not knowing what the fuck is happening
Your night care hallucinogenic demon and I also don't know what the fuck is happening. It was what even is this
right
This has to be hard to watch
Want to talk about your parents?
I'm not a therapist. I'm here to torment you. Yeah, same difference
same fucking difference man
Boom
Hold you've been voted out by the group
What was that I mean? I know what it means. I'm ready to not exist anymore
Rutgers and this is been
You all being here today and caring this much about me means the world to me
To understand what's happening. No, I'm not conceptually confused about what of what this has even meant to be
Yes, but you're the mirror my best friends. You're my family and I love you
And I just say that and I just say that before we move on I
Love all of you. I'm in love with you want to get married to you. I
insist that we get married
And I just wanted to say that this is this has been very hard to watch
Was a was cocaine beer based on a true story
Honestly, I am a clinical therapist and this is not how this works
This is not how this this makes me stay stuff like was cocaine beer based on a true story
huh
What look I'd love to help but this is just not the right form for this
We've lost the thread
You are not making sense you're a danger to yourself you're a danger to everyone in this room and I do think I
Must insist that we stop this
I'm a clinical therapist
And this is this is not the terms I agreed to everything wrong about
I'm just looking at us and I'm really tight. What?
What are you? What would that what?
Yeah, I want to see how I want to see how tight of a space I can fit my whole rear into
Is that a bear thing? Is that a crack thing a little bit of column a little bit of column please we need to
We need to end this I'm barely even on my own body
You know
This is good up. This is bad for everyone's mental health as a clinical therapist. I must ensure that we stop
Okay, good
Good
Okay, that's fine that's fair but let's and then that's the end of this right
I'm trained to fall as a clinical follow-upist so I'll be fine
Good so far feel like we're all learning something today about ourselves. I stand open to the process
Who else wants to share?
Okay, let's see
I'm Clementine and I'm just here to be ejected at the end so Kendall won't be bothered by me anymore
Ready to die. My name is Samantha Clementine and I've heard I'm not welcome here and I
Just came to sacrifice myself at the altar cuz
I'll admit it. I'm a therapist, but I'm not a good person. I
Just show the personal data of all of my patrons
I'd show it
I'd sell it to people on 4chan who turn it into green text
What?
Yep back in the early 20s to 2010s. I would
Write down things people said in therapy. I'd sell it to 4chan posters
And they'd pay a high premium for in order to turn the stories of my patients into green text posts on the website 4chan
Any of that how much crack bear and even I'm judging you for what?
ever that is
Big time I'm came out of the first one opposed to puppy frog. What the fuck yep
That's big time. I can't even see it anymore. I'm ashamed of it. It was my younger days
I was only so 72 when I was doing this
There's about 72 as therapists young for ideas. So I'm next to 4chan
I was really ready as I've made mistakes like anybody where there was a market for that sort of thing
Now I know nothing I wouldn't do I would commit unspeakable acts
What on the universe itself if I could exist in a plane of pure picnic basket?
There is no creature however young however innocent I would not sacrifice of the ultra picnic
Very minute second
Okay pause that's time. Please wait in your seat. Would I stop taking crack for a picnic basket?
That's like asking if you'd if you'd stop if you'd stop turning right by turning right. You know what I mean
Would you fly in a plane to never fly in a plane that you guys get it here my family?
You're my family
Why is everything still on? Oh, no, what happened?
I sent us on a journey of mind-shattering discovery by accident
Now that's not your fault to everything
This segment is cut is a little bit broken. You got to play the outro. I always forget to play the outro
Just give it a sec. Oh, is that the intro? Oh?
No, I played the outro the intro at the same time
Okay, but I don't really get where I am I'm extremely confused by everything that's occurring
Okay, wait now. I'm gonna play the outro
Now we're safe I think I'm here to shut I'm shutting this down. It's too weird. Whatever this is. It's too weird
Okay, geez. Well, so what was the deal with all of that like?
What was any of that about so fair question and the answer is I don't know the old stuff could visit ghosts I
Could do a murder mystery where all the bin stuffers are murdered. Oh
Kind of clean house a little bit. That's a very crazy thing for you to say
Just threatened to kill me. No, it's an idea. It's just an idea
I don't think you're like allowed to have that as an idea
It's just you didn't ever just spitballing ideas. It's fine Jeff
Don't be a bummer. Is that what happened to crumb's wife? I don't know
I don't know what anything is anymore after listening to crack edgy ogie bear for a few minutes
Um, anyway, you're you're in the middle of the news. I was doesn't that a while ago?
Yeah
I think realistically we only have time for the news and one more segment and then we're gonna have to
Or maybe two more segments if we're remotely quick, which we never are
So we might just do this and then save the rest of these for monday
Classic overloaded bin
Someday I'll set up a system to like limit the number of segments when I know I don't have much time
But that day is not today
I'm gonna add it to the list the list of things that are unlikely to happen anytime soon
Okay, well, I guess news then king guru on the loose after wisconsin petting zoo escape
Oh, he's showing his whole ass to us
Wow, this is a bad boy. I like his style
I might look into this
Sort of like he's wearing a gene diaper and I think that's very cool
And there's a video zoom in and hunts
Think we just spotted them. Oh, they got him. Okay. I got him. Yep. I got him. Oh, no, they're gonna predator shoot him
Okay, thank you very much for the call
Damn
What were they looking at
Or are they using to find him that fast the deep state is real guys. They found that king ruin seconds
You heard that king rooser kind of jerks
You know, it's not a jerk
Ten will bring me a shake
That's right shed I took your shake I intercepted it now. I'm gonna drink it
She got shakes
for me and everything
I can only consume
Non-solids because of my paper mache jaw. So it's kind of perfect for me. Oh, it hurts still
It's a little thick. This is dangerous
Oh, it does hurt
It honestly really hurts to to use my mouth at all
But I found a way
Anyway, what?
This is so fucked up
You were an awful guy
I'm sorry, chet. I wanted the shake
I'm the one who ordered it
And because I knew this would happen I
I got made or get
Shakes for everyone. That's why I'm such a good guy
And you're the worst guy
I knew that you did that and I was messing with you. It's a very confusing prank, but I do love pranks
That's yeah, we all appreciate the shakes. I was just I was just messing with you, chet
I'm suspicious, but
We keep up with the news, please
Human sperm get lost in space pioneering study finds
On earth human sperm tends to know where to go when it comes to
being sperm
But a new study suggests in space
Good luck
I guess I never would have expected sperm to know where to go in space
I personally really thought that they had it in them and I'm a little disappointed in them
As I guess your prospective parent because all of us could be parents to any sperm
Um, yeah, yes. Yeah, exactly. We're all disappointed in you sperm. You need to work on this
I'm sure they'll do better do better next time in space
Here's a looks maxing article. This should be right up your alley
I was doing this before it was cool looks maxing influencer glee vickie. They were arrested on assault charge
Oh, does that like help with his
That like to make his nose sharper
Does he just want to pose for like um, is he trying to pose for like a photo in jail for like the aesthetics?
Uh, no, I think he probably just assaulted someone
Oh
controversial social media influencer glee vickie
They identified his brady and eric peters was arrested in florida on a misdemeanor assault charge
The arrest followed as an investigation by the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission
Into a viral video showing clavicular and individual firing guns at floating alligator corpses
It was animal assault
Ali did is a such a few animals
He's a wreath he assaulted
Man
The less I know about this guy the better
So let's move on I guess
Let's continue
To move on
Uh, okay. We'll end with this
Because I know you were all deeply depressed by the news that sore is shutting down, but don't worry
When one giant falls another rises to take its place in this case iran
Iran is winning the ai slap propaganda war
White house ai or otherwise videos are like group chat in jokes aimed at keeping cohesion
Meanwhile iran is I'm assuming dropping videos. They're gonna share. Yes. Here we go
You crossed the ocean just to find your credit
Sacrifice drone boys for life listen. Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, make America great again now
You will see what happens. Yeah, watch this
Sacred defense we protecting the soil why you sacrifice soldiers to pay for your spoil
You push the render glow sitting on your throne now. We turn in every base into a bed of stone
This is mother house a trap you couldn't see welcome to the graveyard of your vanity
The secrets I leak
The pressure is rising the best AI video I've ever seen
This is so long
Not only is it way better than our sloth it's 10 times as long
Oh my god, he's not even a lego. This is the best Trump has looked in a while though
Jesus Christ
Is there's just 10 more minutes left of this too
It's still going
Whoever made this is like this fucking rocks. I gotta keep going
You will drown in our blood you made a grave mistake by choosing to attack us among all us us presidents
You stand out of making one of the most reckless and misguided decisions
You underestimated the strength resilience and unity of our people history will judge this choice and it will not be in your favor
No, thanks you for your attention. This matter the people of Iran. Holy shit
That was the greatest AI video I've ever seen
I'm sorry for radicalizing everyone in chat. It wasn't my intention
I just love video generation. Oh no, they made more
Oh my god, they made so many they can't all be 20 minutes long, right?
This is the future of our AI district
I will say it's a low bar that Iran had to clear to show up the white house like we sports nuke videos, but
They did clear it
This is why sora got shut down. They saw that and they were like
Pack it in
We've been bested and we have to admit it
Chinese AI superior
I love the idea of Iran
using Chinese AI
To just utterly decimate us. This is the most anti-american this stream has ever been how sad for us
It's the expanded cinematic maga slot and I also though they discovered a new way to say
And I'm gonna say very carefully
MAGA
I cannot say it the way that that video said it, but they they discovered some new technology there
They're making all sorts of discoveries. This looks way worse
This one this one. I'm just from the still frame is looking more like
Um pixar slop to me that that lego aesthetic was really working out for them. We have no issue with civilian
Why did you attack the manab school?
Go on lie
Lie
Lie
We didn't hit the manab school
America doesn't have tomahawk missiles at all. We care deeply about the arrangement people
Okay, here's the primary difference I'm noticing between iranian ai slop and um like maga shithead ai slop
Is there's actually like a little there's sometimes a little premise here
They actually have like a premise and an idea. It's not just like
What if Trump was
next to vegeta
Or if he was shitting on all of new york city
So they do see or if it was the most disturbing song you've ever seen about
turning all of uh gaza into a beachfront property
All right, I feel like we have to watch all of these now. There's only one more actually on this on this article
courtesy of 404 media so
Let's finish it off for the day
Wake up daddy some
Strengthen on us strengthen on her. Oh, it's from the white house. Mavericks in doubt. This is the white house propaganda
See if you can spot the difference
Fishing this fight. Yeah, I'm thinking on back. I'm here to fight for truth injustice in the american way
I am the danger
All this victory look obviously i'm a proud
Blue and or red blooded american
Obviously, I'm on the other side of the boys and flag our flag
But it's an attention-based economy, you know, that's how we set it up. This is an attention-based economy
And it's it's um american values are now that I have
To go to where the better content is
So it's our american duty as consumers of content
To go with the better content
They did have better content. Yeah, we can't help it if
Unfortunately, the iranian regime is producing better content
They're literally a 14 80 boy. Yeah
You know that they're yeah, okay. Well
I wasn't surprised. I wasn't expecting to be
somewhat fascinated by that but
They really seem to be doing better work with the ai slop in the iranian propaganda machine
Just don't let
Just don't let like people in the red state see that
Propaganda is very effective against certain americans. They might just get actually, you know, maybe it's too complicated
I did notice in this stuff from iran that there were like
They had like a point or something and I was like
It was making me do something like very it
I almost made me do something up here and it and I didn't like that
Oh, you didn't like that. It almost made me like what's the word?
Think
It almost
Almost made me like think for a second
and I wasn't it's
Oh, no, I think maybe was sneeze. Yeah, I think giggle trash. I think it almost made me sneeze
Whatever you do up here
For me, it's mostly sneezing which is very dangerous for me
Because I did obviously I like this isn't this nose isn't for his meaning
Oh, it's not or breathing. It's where I shit from what yeah
Yeah, I had to have a surgery to make my nose my butthole
It's just more efficient that way. It's what keeps everything in line. Everyone's doing it
So you really don't want me to sneeze. How would that be aesthetically helpful? It just is
Look at you and look at me case
And tell me who has the more effective nose
Well, mine is actually for breathing still
Wow, and you're admitting that
What's your ball hole do then look nice. Oh, okay
It makes both look better. Okay, we're gonna end on that
I think Iran is also showing up this stream's propaganda
Based on what we're talking about currently
That was never in question case. That's true
Uh, okay
Let's send it to
I guess
The streets
What's the least mind-breaking
You know what
Let's send it to brendan. He's get we're gonna stay ahead of uh of the gaming things here
We're gonna save all of these other things these four for monday
monday, we'll just
We'll do a nice chill stream where we do those four things
Instead we're gonna we'll close out the stream by playing 20 minutes of pepsi, man
I think that might be enough a good amount of time to play pepsi, man
So we'll go with that. Uh, it's game time everyone
The fuck so bright. What happened here?
God this sucks. It's so bright in here. Fuck. What the hell?
Now it's really green in here. Okay, that's better
Rick what?
Hey brandon
driving on the freeway
My doctor said I need to get more protein so i'm drinking shakes
It's stupid of you by shakes that are like protein shakes
It's better if you like shakes already have protein. So just get shakes
Nobody gets it
Literally nobody gets it, you know
Okay
Anyway, uh r.i.p to tiger woods so sad to hear about
Wait, did he die or his car? Either way
Uh-huh
Thank you for the link. Live in sleazy. Oh his career
Mom what?
You gotta play pepsi, man
I also need to make what?
I don't want to hear this fucking shit about you making a i propaganda videos for iran
Or i'm not gonna buy you a nine hundred dollar ps5 you jerk
What no I don't I barely made any
I made like one
I got sponsored by them to make an ai video of me and the way they used my likeness was really fucked up
They said that I was like a stand-in for the general degradation and failure of America which is like so stupid to say what?
I know is giving me a protein shake right now too
Good
We both the doctor said we both need more protein
We do a lot of sock doc appointments because we end up at like covering in a lot of hives
So we have a lot of medical advice coming in a lot of the time
It's because our house has a lot of um
Um, what's the word?
Um invasive bugs
That fuck up our skin
It's like normal like old house stuff
I barely have any time to play pepsi, man
Fuck what mom what?
You know what else is green? My happy toy just listen to it
I gotta make
Mom
I'm gonna make a theme. I gotta make a theme. I'm told apparently that was a sub goal
I hate music
It sucks
Like it's a waste of fucking ear
I've said that forever
So I don't want to spend a lot of time on this and I'm not gonna record it. I'm just just
I'll clip it out or something
I just someone tell me what track to type into YouTube and I'm just gonna record
A track over it brick what?
Hey Bran, remember a pepsi during um
Covid we stayed up way past 9 p.m. That was crazy
That was crazy when we did that
That was fucking nuts
We did do that
We did that this is crazy
Green jungle trap beat, okay
Also all these um things are gonna be in it. I can't record multiple things of audio like I just I don't have time
This is our idea
I just ran
I did not get away
Shut up
Shut the fuck up. Hey shut up
Shut up
Shut up
Shut up
Shut up
God what?
This sucks
Fuck
This sucks fuck
Shut up
God
What
Like honestly what mom green jungle trap beat
Shut up
Brick
Shut up brick
God I'm supposed to be playing pepsi man
God
This sucks
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck shit fuck
This sucks fuck shit fuck fuck this sucks fuck
God damn it
Mom
I shouldn't say anything
Mom what fuck shit fuck
God damn it what mom what fuck
No
No
Never mom will never get in here mom mom you're not coming in mom no way no sorry mom never coming in here mom no
Not a chance mom get out of here mom stop fuck mom stop fuck mom what stop fuck mom what?
Brick shut up
Sabrichi sabrichi wherefore are those sabrichi
Tonight I'm father and refuse live and sleep sabrichi
Going like bark bark meow bark meow meow
Ooh bark meow bark meow
Stop stop stop
Stop
So dumb
Yes
Okay that'll do it
It's my theme forever now
Alright let's play pepsi man please
Play it now
Better fucking work
What else do you want instead of coca-cola cause it's way too expensive
Um
You want RC Cola
No
No
Big red pop
Yes
Yes big red pop
Fuck what work
Okay it's working
I just had to tell it to alright can I get the controller to work
Full screen pepsi man please
I'm sure about a gamer than you
Mom that's your that's insane to say
I don't say that I'm like fuck
Wait I need to pause this
Pause
I don't want to miss the intro to pepsi man
I need to get everything working correctly
Down
Left right
One two
Three
Four brick I need to focus intensely right now
Please
Give me that food
Yum
Obviously we all want PB and J's
I gotta play pepsi man break
Honestly the graphics on this are good
Okay look pretty legit
Oh shit look at him go
Hey brand brand keep it down
It's prayer time
And we are gonna get crazy
Okay do whatever you do for God or whatever
Some of us are busy mom
Alright
Also today's stream is sponsored by milk cola I hope that's not confusing
Run out pepsi
Come on we're there
I got a flat tire
They're out of budget people together
In front of the vending machine
They want pepsi
And the word is that they're just about the riot
Letting the days go by
Let the water hold me down
Letting the days go by
Water flowing underground
I'm trying to get the story here
Into the blue again
After the money's gone
That's in a lifetime
This is fucking impossible this is really hard
This is very difficult
Anyway today's stream is sponsored by milk cola
It's spelled MLK cola but it's
Obviously it's not like the civil rights
The most famous civil rights activist
It's milk cola spelled without the I
Anyway we're playing pepsi man today
Um what
Fuck I don't know how to slide
I literally don't know how to slide
Fuck I hit my head
Fuck
Get it together
The controls on this are fucking ass
This is bullshit
The controls are inverted
I can't even jump
The controls are inverted
Of course I am really good
You gotta do something
Fuck
Jump
Brick not now
Fuck I killed a guy
Anyway get your MLK
Sorry get your milk cola
It tastes like calcium not milk
It's legally required to note
That it's not intended to taste like milk
It's intended to taste like calcium
Fuck I'm getting distracted by my
Required ad reads while playing pepsi man
Today's stream is sponsored by milk cola though
Fuck it's spelled MLK
Alright but not anyway
I think that's how many times I have to say that
What
Fuck
I feel so close to your door
Yeah you are close to the door
All the time yes I fucking did it
You spelled milk wrong
Gunshade
So you have the wrong soda in mind
Need a full pepsi man stream with pepsi and cola
In case I have to drink a lot of pepsi
No but the thing is I'm sponsored by milk cola
Um okay
Brick are you drunk?
Because we're not sponsored by booze today
Just cola not alcoholic
Colors
Fuck okay everyone stay out of my way
Stop being ridiculous
I literally need to focus more than anyone
Fuck that's insane there's nowhere to go there
There's literally nowhere to go this game is extremely unfair
Like it's honestly
Ridiculous how they patch this game it used to be
So much better all of like the speed
Running stuff they like teched out of the game
It's ridiculous more like penis man
That's fucking impossible
Brick calm down
I'm assuming this is also really loud
Hopefully this game is really
Going to be played very loud
Oh fuck I'm fine
Shit I had to check the time and I died
I literally that's so I was just checking the time
Mom what
Oh great
Oh great
You literally broke the game
You literally broke the game with your request
Like that's
Don't mention other colas on the stream
I'm sponsored by I'm sponsored by milk
To play pepsi man
Okay I already saw this I already saw it
Don't make me sit through this again
I really hope they patch that out
I used to sit through every cutscene every time
Okay they did patch that out that is one of the patches I agree with
Okay fuck
I use pepsi to dissolve the bones of my targets
What?
Stop why would he even
Get like an actual
Like washing machine that's ridiculous that she's
Draw he's like
Hang your clothes up to fuck
Pepsi man shit
Why is there a house here
Okay good oh fuck me
Inverted controls inverted controls impossible
Rick what
Pepsi man
Pepsi man does whatever a second glass soda can
Yuck
This is impossible to get through there
It's literally impossible
Out of my way out of my fucking oh my god
Everyone get out of my way
Shit I only have 22 seconds left
I'm so fucking slow they
They slowed them down the game used to be so much faster
They slowed it down for like because everyone's complaining about how like
Challenging it wasn't that speed but for me that's the speed I'm used to
And so now this is harder for me because it's slow
Fuck I didn't make it
Fuck
Monami will just order Pepsi for delivery from gopuff
Gopuff has all your Pepsi needs
Rick no we're
Milk Cola isn't on gopuff so I can't mention gopuff this stream
Fuck
Okay although previous obviously last
Room I was sponsored by a legal black market
Peptides that you can now order off gopuff
Yeah you're not fit for human consumption
Peptides at gopuff.com
Pepsi drinking contest against the noid
They didn't we couldn't come to terms on that stream
Okay, so I can't do that one brick
This is that's insane you see that you see how insane that is
They just expect me to be able to navigate that like it's nothing
I mean like I may get way further than most people would but like it's
Literally like ridiculous how they program this it's honestly stupid
It's like honestly stupid fuck it's honestly so dumb
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that
Fuck it's honestly so dumb
What
One man fights others do nothing
They will never stop you
Will you be the peppy man
That's so unfair
Shit
I hit the slide I hit the slide
I hit the jump easy
Easy hit that jump easy
Easy
Easy
No
Can I sprint can I run faster
This is so stupid what
Execute a swift kick underneath the entire vehicle
Managed to look pretty badass too
No
I'm doing like yeah I'm pulling off some really athletic moves
Okay, like obviously I do look cool
Oh my god I'm this is finally the speed I'm used to
Like skateboarding is honestly so much better in this game than running
Like it should honestly be a skateboarding game
Slide no
No I lost skateboard
I lost skateboard again
Is that like Spanish
Is it like Mexican Coke or something if you spell it that way
Cause I haven't had that
Why do you remember this game
Um
Cause it's awesome
Well it was before they patched it
Like before they ruined it with a bunch of patches actually
Oh it does suck
What
No
No I'm
Mom that's how you speed run
You have to run the same section a lot okay
I'm just prepping for a speed run
Which I will do off stream I don't like to speed run stream
Cause I need to focus I'm really good when I speed run
Obviously off stream
Shit I shouldn't have jumped I broke their
I broke their whole house
Now I'm on the line for their fucking insurance costs
What
I mean maybe mom that's pepsi man's business
Like it's really rude honestly to like
Come after pepsi man for that
Like maybe he's working through it at his own pace
Fuck I hit a sofa chair
You see me jump that car
And they say that I'm not
I thought I could do that in real life
But if I can do it as pepsi man I bet I can do it in real life
I have to get the giant cannon in the next 5 minutes
That's fine
I'm sure I will
This game does have really good sound design
That is one of the good things about this game is it has excellent sound design
Fuck
That part is literally broken
I have a fucking
Powerful but I literally sit on it all the time
So it's like gotta stay in shape for him all the sitting
You don't know anything about my butt mom
Like you literally don't my butt takes after dad's butt
What the fuck
That part is so stupid
It's like actually impossible
Like why even design it like that
Like why make it actually impossible that's so dumb
Like it's honestly dumb
Okay this time though I am gonna do it easily
I'm not gonna go for the speed strat I've been going for
Giggle trash thank you so much for the donation to um
To you know whatever case setup
Listen up Jack
Give a trash just a line for 5 money
But man I probably shouldn't kill this
That line thirsty
I've used for a spin cold cores
And sometimes have to improve this message
Sometimes Pepsi
What about milk cola
Oh shit okay okay I'm fucking zooming again
I'm fucking zooming
Okay I just have to focus
You can jump so high on the skateboard and I do need to remember that
Bom what
Or brick what
From a where Pepsi I trapped in the goby desert
Fuck this is so impossible
I killed a woman
But I have no regrets
That took a lot of focus and honestly
So much skill
Like I'm not even trying to brag
That's just me being honest
Like almost no one on the planet could have done what I just did
Fuck this is ridiculous
I'm going to die
Like I can't even see what's ahead of me
And that's so dumb
Like literally it's
Like this is pure RNG
Like that's so dumb
This is just this is like
This is like when they just force deaths in games
Like all I can do is spam jump
Like
Like
Like literally like
Like
Okay it's a werewolf
Oh my god Brandon they are real
Huge humanities are done for
Like honestly how am I supposed to navigate any of this
He's aening me
Oh no he's just a puppy
Listen up Jack
What?
Just to land the price by money buck
And man I probably shouldn't say this
But no call gives me the tooth
Something fierce Jack I approve this message
Thank you for the donation obviously
Oh my god mom shut up
You literally don't even know
You literally never even played Pepsi Man
That's what's so dumb about this
Is she's literally never even played Pepsi Man
So maybe you
Maybe you mom
Ever think of that
I gotta go I pretty much beat it
Like it was an any percent run
You're the sad music
I play cool music like
I don't actually like music
I don't play music what
Just go to the sidewalk
Where the can isn't and let it go by
Is Pepsi Man stupid
Yeah no he just has standards
Okay he's not gonna let a stupid
Giant Pepsi can't outrun him
He's known for his running
It was a matter of honor for Pepsi Man
And I guess you don't understand that brick
Cause honor apparently is dead in this world
Mom I gotta go
Who's on
Thank you so much to milk, cola and Pepsi Man
What
Well
Maybe try a suicide like
The classic suicide fountain drink
But make the primary soda that you're using
Milk, cola
Cause it's a real product
Who is on
Fuck
Somebody
Oh that's fine I actually really like
ZVCola, like no disrespect but I do love ZVCola
Okay I gotta go
It's fucking time to leave
Let's raid statics
Later
I don't know who that is but it's on cases list of people to raid
It's not a Brandon raid it's a case raid
This isn't my channel
I signed a deal with this guy to play games on his channel
He's paying me a ton of money to do this
The only reason I'm doing it
Is that clear
What
Does Pepsi Man imply the existence
Of Pepsi Woman
Yes
Is his nemesis Coke Guy
What's the lore here
You just described it
Did you read the wiki and then pretend you didn't
That's the lore
It's a familial Pepsi lore
In a universe of
Soda branded characters
Thank you all so much for watching
It means the world to me
You are my family
Mom
I have to fucking go
I'm having a terrible time
So bye
Say hi to statics later for me
I love all of you
Fucking so dumb
Okay bye
God
I've gotta go
I filled up my kangaroo diaper
Fuck I filled up the diaper that I wear
That kangaroo was wearing earlier
Fuck