from the hype train today.
All that ass weight you lost?
I've only lost weight in my ass.
A train ride stream, that's pretty reasonable.
We could certainly ride a train.
I could take Kendall on a train date.
Yeah, Kessim's air stream is like a train.
You could attach that to a train
and then just have it drag along
while sparks blast everywhere.
Why not?
Also, am I doubling the fun today in my stream?
No, Kessim's not on yet,
but he probably will be soon.
Well, I guess before Kessim slams into the internet,
oh my, I forgot to make that a smaller bear.
He's so big.
He's just so big.
I guess we'll attempt to go amongst the webs.
We got a whole thing for it now.
We can do a whole webs thing.
So I guess let's set it over there.
We're down there.
We'll set it to the alternate dimension,
that is the webs.
It's time to go amongst the webs.
What the hell?
I'm fucking huge.
Oh, I know what happens here.
There we go.
I'm down to normal.
So pumped I got fucking giant.
Kendall's here.
She's amongst the webs.
Everything's fine and you like it?
You like how fucking big I am?
God damn.
We got a whole ass webs going on here.
Look at Kess looking fucking weird
as hell behind this podium.
Kendall, you want to say hi?
You like the monkey?
Check him out.
We got a monkey.
He's playing the hits.
We could use, we probably need to oil him.
I got two mics.
Always so unnecessary.
Doubling up on the mics.
Yeah, I forgot that that might happen.
You forgot that that might happen.
You're blown away by how much work at work.
Case puts into the stream.
No, he had a higher whole construction crew.
Check it out.
It's my girl, Kendall.
Well, Kendall's also here.
You like, do you want to be Kendall?
She looks great.
My face is like a force of gravity.
Working quotes, yeah.
My hands are unfixable.
Skynes can't fix my hands yet.
What are we to do?
We'll get you back there.
It's like a parrot on my shoulder.
You can barely see my body, by the way, Chad.
I'm stand, Kess is making himself look taller
than it really is.
In reality, I'm feet taller than Kess.
You're so beautiful, Kendall.
You look fantastic.
You should also be able to trigger
the graphics of the other stuff in this, I think,
unless you can't.
Oh yeah, they're weird looking,
but you get me, of course, we're back there.
UFO, some reason not back there.
I don't know, I guess it doesn't totally work.
Kase, you blew it, we're trying.
Oh, there it is.
Wow.
Look at her go.
This is all you need.
She's beautiful.
Oh my God, the planes are racing.
Oh, that's my girl, Chandl.
Can that gorilla talk, Kase?
Did it talk and gorilla?
Unfortunately, it can't talk yet.
We gotta oil it better before it can talk.
He's so good at playing music, though.
He's really chilled out.
This is the weirdest episode of Defense of the TV special ever.
Listen, we're amongst the web now.
My own thing, inspired by my thoughts only.
Thank you, thank you.
You're looking great too.
I can't see it, Dano, but in my heart, I know.
Oh, Jesus, those graphics only appear behind me.
We'll have to fix some of that later.
It's a work in progress.
We're trying to get this monkey.
We're trying to get everything to work.
And we'll want a pair of headphones
that we're keeping back behind this podium.
Woo, okay, bring it in.
I guess we're going...
What's the deal?
This is just an elaborate way to watch...
Is it an elaborate way to watch videos?
Is that what this is?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, we're just watching videos.
To be fair, that's all it ever was.
Oh, shit.
I guess that's kind of true.
Okay, well, let's see what's up.
Let's see what's going amongst the webs
on the webs as selected by your webs.
To pick the webs that we watch,
go to the Discord, the Cream Team Discord,
and you can add webs to amongst the webs.
Confusing way to put it, but yes, all of that is true.
All right, let's check it out.
Let's check out the first one in the...
And thank you for renaming this to amongst the webs.
A shout-out to Xterminator for doing that for us.
It's important to theme out your segments.
Excessively themed segments
are what make this stream happen at all.
That couldn't be more true yet.
Okay, let's see what we got.
This looks like some wholesome stuff
to start us off right away.
What's the deal?
What the hell?
I thought that there was some kind of error
in what I was looking at,
but I think this is actually just...
What the fuck?
One second, guys.
We gotta fix this.
It is an error.
There is an error happening.
God damn it.
Ace, why is it always like this?
Fix your life, man.
One second.
We need to capture a display,
and that is the right display.
One second.
Boom, boom, boom.
Just that easy.
Not that one.
The other one.
That one?
There we go.
There's our guy.
That's the guy.
These are the guys we're looking for.
Okay, and then we just...
Boom, this is just that easy.
Just that easy to have things work.
All right, let's see what's going on.
Now that we're finally fully acclimated
to being amongst the webs.
What?
What is happening?
Huh?
What is he playing?
Oh, my God, fill it.
I fully don't understand what I just witnessed.
Is that the new Def Pump song?
I don't know, but you can rate it.
Ace decided to create a rating system,
and you can legitimately rate them now,
assuming it doesn't all smash to bits.
Exclamation point one to 10.
You can only vote once.
Also, zero if you hated it.
It's the most accurate rating system on the Nets.
It should theoretically work great.
Well, theories are beautiful.
Scoot over, because that thing's in my fucking face.
Scoot over, scoot up.
Let's see what it comes in at.
Get me some chill music while chat rates this.
He was playing the hand xylophone.
I don't know if that's what that is.
A 5.74.
I think that's fair for that one.
5.74, congratulations to that video.
Graphic was a little weird, but that's fine.
Get over it, Ace.
Even better than G4s?
It is technically better
because you can't vote infinite times or any number.
Well, you could only vote between one and 10 at G4,
but you could also vote decimals,
which just won't work here due to limitations.
But you can now rate anything.
Mods, if you ever want to just call for a rating,
exclamation point rate will activate the rating system.
Any mod can type that in.
So knowledgeable chat.
I'm filled with knowledge.
I'm a man of sconce.
This is well-documented.
All right, let's see what's going on.
Let's continue our journey.
How come you don't write me intros?
Didn't you do that for other people?
We used to write intros, yeah.
The shapeshifter, I don't think you're a mod currently.
But mods can type exclamation point rate
if they feel like it.
I can also do it myself.
It's not a 60-second cooldown.
The graphic is three times better.
It's got a more elaborate entrance, that's for sure.
Which is honestly half the battle.
Let's see what's going on with this guy.
It looks like a lot's going on.
And I'm excited to find out what.
Jesus.
What the devil states us?
We have to get into this.
We have to get into this comment.
It's on a string.
Oh, but before we even get into it, we've gotta make.
That's right.
Here he is, the Nicholas Cage basket.
There he is, into the basket.
Okay, I'm gonna pretend
that she was all in one take.
He's telling us it's not on a string.
The ratings have to be active by the way, chat,
or they won't register.
When that graphic's up, you can't rate it.
We gotta let it play all the way through, though.
There you go.
Lavinsleazy dropping the rating.
Get ready.
It's time now for the giant racket.
It's not on a string.
Why do you have to doubt me?
Why do you have to doubt all that I do?
Here we go.
How long does he do this?
Is he gonna die?
It's way, way too heavy.
I wish it was on a string.
Please, stop with your doubting.
Oh my God.
Thanks for the comment, bye.
I mean, Jesus, color me impressed.
8.84, nearly a nine.
I would say well-deserved.
I'm blown away.
It wasn't on, well, if that was on a string,
he was hiding it well.
You're still not convinced?
Is there, yeah, maybe I'm just trying.
Well, if I, I guess I have to tell him it's not on a string.
There's no way it's on a string.
I mean, you can do a lot with editing.
Is that a fact?
Is that a lot with editing?
That's the most with editing.
When are you gonna make the gorilla emote?
When's that happening?
It's right around the corner.
Jesus.
Well, it's not on a string
and it's our highest rated video of the day.
Again, you can add videos for us to just play
sight unseen very dangerously.
In the cream team discord,
amongst the webs is where you do it.
And you can send it out.
Jesus, what the hell?
I see him back there.
All right, let's see what else we got going on
on this here, internets.
Hmm, we can't, we might not be able to watch this whole
thing, but we can watch some of it.
The new movie twist star is coming out.
But the twist, the biggest twist of all
is tornadoes as real as hell.
Oh, there's no audio.
There's legit no audio.
Here, I'll make the noises.
Whish, oh my God, all my sons,
they've been swept up in the tornado,
but they're fighting it.
They're doing well against it
because I'll train them good.
Ah, oh shit, were there some cows in there?
Oh, the poor cows.
No.
Okay, it's mostly the breeze.
The jeans that my son jeans in there,
he's battling it.
Get them jeans.
I screamed from the safety of my basement.
I've trust you to fight it.
I'm just giving you the play
because there's no audio.
It's important that I feel this in.
I do, do, do, oh no.
Old man McClintock is out in the fields again.
We warned him he was too old.
Oh God, he's been slurped up into it.
He's being shredded by the cow hooves.
Oh, looks like something out of a,
out of a guy, Garafilm.
He's being split to bits.
What the hell, he's full of diamonds.
My sons are fighting over the diamonds now.
That's blew out of his corpse.
Anyway, that's kind of the stuff I'm assuming
happened in the tornado.
You get the idea, it's a tornado.
Let's skip to the end.
Oh, does that mean they get so far away?
Oh, it evaporates eventually.
It disperses.
If you thought twisters were just for the films,
joke's on you.
They're real as shit.
I think we just proved that.
God damn.
You say tornado, I say tornado.
I say, that's the power of God on display.
And me and God, we have a twisted relationship
because he's fucking up my life
making me get divorced and stuff.
But I'll power be to him.
That disaster, that was only a category five tornado.
I think that's the highest category, maybe.
Really?
Yeah.
Was there six?
The movie's twister, were they blown away
that it was a five or a six?
Well, if it's a five out of 10,
then it's honestly kind of a weak-ass tornado.
It was a sick tornado, but not that exciting of a video.
You think tornado videos aren't that exciting, Chuck?
I'm a man of taste and means.
I could see any tornado video, I won't.
I've seen it all.
And that one was just okay.
I'm chats back.
I think it was pretty good.
But maybe not seven minutes good.
I had to skip around.
It's a five out of five tornado,
a five out of 10 tornado video.
They could have better skin metagraphy.
What?
Oh my God.
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone and I under Justin Emma Jam, 750 shiny,
tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this.
What's that?
Listen up, Jack.
I'm gonna get Space Force to lace up tornadoes
and stop them.
All right, Biden's mouth ain't working so good.
I'll deal with that some other time.
Deal with it now.
No, there's too many videos to get through.
Fine.
Poor Biden and his mouth.
We use foundation.
This is goth makeup.
Let's see if that, maybe it's a new spin on goth makeup
or maybe it's just some of the classics.
Either way, I am curious.
We use foundation.
No.
If we do our eyebrows.
No.
Also, thank you microphone on hooded.
So you start with a whole bunch
of black, wet and wild eyeliner
because this was all we could afford.
Usually we stole it.
It is applied as imprecisely as possible.
Now this look can also be achieved
by applying your eyeliner and then sleeping in it
for a few days up to a few weeks.
Could we have used eyeshadow?
Yes.
Could we afford eyeshadow?
No.
Oh, shit.
After eyeliner is sufficiently smudged,
add more eyeliner.
Apply approximately 57 layers of great lash mascara.
Did we wear fake eyelashes?
No.
Did we have black lipstick?
No.
We had that same wet and wild pencil
unless it was Halloween.
Is this normal makeup?
Did we spill awesome on our lips?
No.
So we used our lip smackers
and that, my friends, is how we did goth and goth.
What?
What was she using?
I don't understand makeup well enough
to get what I just saw.
What was the deal?
I think she was using cheap makeup or no makeup.
It looked like makeup.
Budget guy.
Is that budget makeup?
Should I call for my expert, Chandl?
Do you want to let us know if she's doing a crazy makeup
thing and I'm too much of a classic ass man to get it?
Let us know, Chandl.
We use foundation?
No.
We do our eyebrows.
No.
We left them thin to win.
So you start with a whole bunch of black, wet and wild eyeliner
because this was all we could afford.
Usually we stole it.
It is applied as imprecisely as possible.
Now this can also be achieved by applying your eyeliner
and then sleeping in it for a few days up to a few weeks.
It seems normal to me, right?
Is this eyeshadow?
Yes.
Could we afford eyeshadow?
No.
This is an eyeshadow?
No.
Eyeliner.
Oh, OK.
Add more eyeliner.
Apply approximately 57 layers of great lash mascara.
Did we wear fake eyelashes?
No.
Did we have black lipstick?
No.
We had that same wet and wild pencil unless it was Halloween.
I go goth?
That's the next sub goal then.
All goth stream.
She used our lip smackers.
And that, my friend.
First Jeb has to drink rags, geez.
Yeah, she fucking killed it.
What's the question here?
I'm confused.
I just didn't get if she was doing something impressive or not.
I didn't fundamentally understand.
You listened to the beginning of that video?
That's how they did makeup back in the day, right?
Yeah.
OK.
I get it now.
For goth girls, because they didn't.
You're so tall.
Makeup right now, I know.
You're just really short.
What?
Yeah.
No?
Yeah.
She's playing, I'm huge.
She did makeup that would have been 25 cents in the 90s.
Oh, shit.
You can look that good for 25 cents.
Makeup right now is so diverse.
Like, the range is huge now.
The range of what?
So we don't have to do the product.
The range of product is so diverse now.
The range of product.
That you don't have to do those cheeks anymore.
Like, people do sell black lipsticks now and black eyeshadow.
I see.
I get it now.
She killed it.
I got it all along.
I was in the know the whole time.
Shut up.
You shut the fuck up.
Ha, ha, ha.
These are the things you learn amongst the web.
That was a weird one to make you watch twice,
but I just didn't get it.
Well, you know, she was doing classic makeup.
You didn't fucking get it.
I got it.
He's full of shit.
Oh my god, he's even bigger over here.
You both should just go goth case and candle goth goal.
We'll do a full goth goal after the racks goal.
We got to do the racks first.
We got to do the racks first.
Do the racks stuff.
If anybody doesn't know what that is, it's force in case.
Sorry, you're forcing Jeb.
Yeah, I would never do it.
It's forcing Jeb to drink Fanta, High Sea, and coffee
with crushed up Jolly Ranchers in it.
How do you know that?
I mean, the racks is a classic drink.
To me, that would be like nothing
attempting to drink that.
To me, it's more like, why can't I drink it already?
But I guess some people aren't on my level
and that's understandable.
Upcoming it next, maybe you need help with marketing.
Everybody's a brand now.
No one more so than me.
When's my shirt coming?
You want a shirt?
I'm a brand.
Make me a shirt.
We haven't done any merch stuff, I don't know.
Well, anyway, if this is for case, then,
to get off his ass and hear some branding ideas.
Okay, here we go.
Charlie gets some nickels here at class.
Charlie leaks a sex tape.
Ivan Dutch is playing softly in the background.
These are viral?
These are a huge New York Fashion Week party
and she's nice.
Everyone entrance.
Here it is.
Charlie X just runs for president.
Charlie poses in a full gown
in the middle of a tube.
Charlie dresses up as Anna Wintour.
Are these viral?
She's fucking viral.
Are we viral?
Thank you.
Who's Charlie?
Why do I feel like all these are over my head?
Whoa, damn.
That's the most, this is the most viral video
I've seen in a while.
That's my kind of fucking viral.
Boom.
Charlie don't surf?
I guess not.
Is she Charlie?
I don't know.
We have some branding.
We made you guys creamy condoms.
Really?
I mean, I haven't heard of that.
I mean, that's branding for sure.
I mean, I'll take some.
I'll say no to free condoms.
You can use them for sex
or you can store coins in them.
That's where you store your coins.
Yeah, the new coins are nice and lubed up.
No, that was devastatingly low.
Damn.
Branded as a 2.33.
Take that, Charlie.
You thought you were the fly shit?
R.I.P.
I deny it.
That was cruel to Charlie.
I thought it was fine.
And it's also slightly honest.
I couldn't even hear it at first.
Charlie deserves better cause she is the fly shit.
Who's Charlie?
She's a viral.
Branded a fool?
Sometimes you think you're branded as a virus.
But it turns out you ain't Cyrus.
You Miley Cyrus.
I didn't know that.
I forgot what I was saying at the start of these things.
That does happen to you.
That does, it happens to me a lot.
That monkey's so inspirational he never stops.
He never stops playing.
I just thought of that.
That's fun.
All right, let's see.
This balloon touches the ground.
I spoiled it a little bit with that audio
but this is a balloon video.
And that's all you need to know.
If this balloon touches the ground, I will die.
And with that we have replicated the balloon boy event.
He is now completely invincible and yet his life.
This is a series of videos?
It's completely in my hands.
Now we have tested this on dozens of death row inmates
to figure out what exactly quantifies the ground.
I'm glad that this is a series.
Notice how I can put the balloon on a shelf
and it is completely fine.
However, even in this container,
if I place it on the ground, he will die.
If you pop the balloon, there is no effect
so long as the pieces of the balloon
don't touch the ground.
Oh, no.
Obviously I have a balloon of my own
that I wish I had left at home.
Oh, no.
Is he dying?
Oh, shit, did he fucking fully die?
I like these videos that play after, honestly.
Whoa.
We're in the internet forest now.
It's beautiful.
It was literally death note.
It was death note condensed.
A fine anime, but imagine that anime's entire plot
in not but 60 to 10 seconds.
It was like a minute.
A two.
Oh, you just review bomb that shit.
Shaka.
The ratings are what they are.
There's no denying any rating that's typed into chat.
Pretty high.
Not quite as high as
whatever our winner was for the day so far.
Oh, the string.
There's no string on it.
I think the string video is still my personal favorite,
but I appreciated the balloon video too.
But maybe we got a contender coming in here
that could change up the whole fucking game.
Let's find out.
I am so shocked at how good this cake is.
It's only three ingredients.
Let's try this.
All you need to do is separate the Oreo biscuit
and fill it.
28 Oreos, place your tool.
Everybody's doing this.
Bring the hard ones to be tops.
Whether you're sexy celebrities or this guy.
Crush up the biscuit.
Crush the hard ones so they don't feel too power.
Is this Bill Clinton again?
I think it's currently cooking powder.
Whisk out their souls.
Pour in milk and add the Oreo filling.
Pour in milk that I bought myself.
My dad is still searching.
Dirt everything together and mix the mushy whites
with the blacks.
Why does mine look like muddy water?
You can line a microwave wool cake mold.
Put them in mold.
I didn't know I'm making penicillin.
Microwave for about six minutes.
Microwave for about six minutes.
Is it the Bill Clinton again?
Let it cool fully then turn it upside down.
Flip it then blow it to release the steam.
This looks like that.
Or is it just to get out the similar voice?
Make it look and taste even better.
Add melted chocolate.
I thought it was supposed to be three ingredients.
I'm a little afraid, but let's taste it.
I give this a three for looks and a 7.54 taste.
Let's try again.
Hmm.
I don't know about Bill Clinton, kid.
And or his sound alike.
To me, that was just all right.
But I don't want to influence the votes.
You can influence the votes.
Then I fucking hated it.
You hated it? Why?
I don't know.
I couldn't eat the cake.
That's how you judge cooking stuff.
But if you couldn't eat it,
I couldn't eat the cake at all.
And that pisses me off.
I couldn't eat either and there were two.
It's a video chat.
That's so.
I thought it was all right.
The cake is a fucking lie.
You have to make it yourself.
I'm not a fucking cook.
Division of labor and shit.
I'm an internet man who lives in the internets.
Some people is internet guys.
Some people's cooks.
Some people's is monkeys.
And you can't look at him.
He's a gorilla.
Don't get pedantic with me.
I love him.
I love the gorilla.
He's just so consistent, man.
He's playing the hits all the time.
Rock a fucking fire, baby.
Gorilla of my dreams, too.
Oh, shit.
There's a hot team.
Uh-oh.
What am I saying?
It's hot right now.
There's a hot balloon.
I was going to say there's a hot balloon team.
That's pretty fucked up, Chad.
I don't know.
It just sounded like a way to describe a video.
Well, don't describe it that way.
Hot balloon team?
I think it's actually an adult.
Good.
All right.
Anyway, it's a teenager in front of the- it's an adult.
It's an adult running off a tower with a balloon.
They both look very adult.
OK, well, it's a balloon adult with a balloon.
Pop is hard.
Can I keep showing this?
Music is loud as hell.
Sorry, that one was loud as fuck.
They were so proud of themselves.
They looked so fucking pumped.
They did seem very pleased with their antics.
There's no telling how they did it.
I mean, you know how they did it?
I have an idea.
Me, too.
What's yours?
They were storing an invisible laser in the balloon.
Correct.
I know it's correct.
The invisible laser in the balloon is a classic trick.
Please rate this Disney video.
The teen balloon video?
It's an adult woman, a young woman, doing a laser- doing laser-based eroticism.
Laser-based eroticism.
Is that a genre?
Can I look that up?
I'm sure you can look it up.
That's what I'm doing after this fucking stream.
Yeah.
You have more of her?
That's kind of ominous.
I just said it's more of her.
How much more?
Are you asking?
I don't know anymore.
I'm a married man at some point who's not divorced.
You're single then.
Oh, is that how that works?
Yeah.
Damn.
I guess, uh, awakening painful memories for me.
You were divorced like a year ago.
That's not that long ago.
Yeah, that's true.
How long were you married?
Six.
Six?
What?
My secret.
Everything is six with you.
Yeah, it is.
Except other- some things are six times two.
Good math, Chuck.
Thank you.
Let's watch another one.
Let's watch more.
What's this?
Flutes?
This better not also be slightly pornographic.
What celebrity is this?
Oh, shit.
They love it when pop stars play flutes.
Oh, it's M-by-hold.
You go to a high school music for like five bucks, but you're getting the full by-hold
plus flute.
Just like Lizzo, but without the banana stuff.
And you can decide for yourself if that's good or bad.
You can literally decide using the power of ratings.
Don't finish my sentences.
I want it to.
You're my fucking co-host now.
Notice the stance here.
Main host.
And you're my little guy.
You're my little co-host guy.
Tiny little boy.
Who's my co-host?
That's fine.
I'll be a co-host.
So far, only the devil sticks have truly surmounted past the number eight.
That's accurate, Chet.
And it appears this one will not but break the streak.
He's your co-host because he does nothing that hurts.
But I'll take a co-host and cool on the co-host.
I can do that.
I can watch a video.
Really?
Yeah?
That's all you're doing, Chet.
I'm fucking providing a valuable commentary.
Gangsters versus Nazis in New York.
This is an hour-long video, but appreciate it nonetheless.
I believe that's from Entity, maybe?
Randy Johnson.
Uh-oh.
Is this a fucking tragic?
All right.
This might be a murder video.
What do you mean?
I think an animal might get murdered in this.
I don't know if we can show that, then.
We show motorcyclers hitting an animal.
Is that a thing we even want to see?
I mean, I'm curious.
I won't deny that it's fucked up, but I'm like, well, let me just preview it just
for a second.
Let me see how bad it is.
Oh, we can't show that.
Yeah, that's actually really brutal.
It was depressingly brutal.
Why are you laughing?
It is kind of sad.
Yeah, you're not going to want it.
You're not going to want to see this.
It's the power of previewing the webs.
It's not murder.
It's a goat murder.
It's a goat satisfaction, a goat's sacrifice.
It's out in the reflection of my eyes, and it's different.
These are powerful eyes I've got.
You can see universes in here.
Universes of meaning.
Play me.
Play us a powerful tune, monkey.
He's kind of only playing the one song again and again.
It's the only one he's programmed with currently.
We'll get him some more songs eventually.
He's a synthwave rock gorilla.
He just loves this song.
DJ Drunklesapien.
Okay, this is not featuring Animal Desk, so this one we're back on track.
And you know what, Chet Fina, I'll watch it.
You're supposed to be a stepmom, but I'll tell your dad I said what's up.
Oh my goodness.
Orange doesn't work.
Uh-oh.
All right, go.
We've got seatbelt.
What the hell?
She is in an extremely dominant position, but she's a powerlifting world champ, JT.
This is just a little room for battle.
It's going to be, looks like a force out here.
She is absolutely strong.
This is my whole high school experience, guys.
Seatbelt, look at that, JT.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely dominating the match.
You already know this one's for you.
I don't know about the shout-out to all the single daddies.
Probably scaring some of them.
Somebody is afraid of me.
I want them anyway.
Right on.
What?
Is this a fan video?
Wait a minute.
Oh, so it's playing some old WWE music.
She's an athlete.
Wow.
What an athlete.
Is that a Jeremy Renner song?
More or less.
I mean, if slap fight can be a thing, then why not car seatbelt strangle?
Well, that's only one move in the car submission genre of sport.
Car submission genre of sport?
As someone who never played professional sport, you probably wouldn't understand,
but Karjutsu is a respected form of combat.
By who?
By any athlete.
You have to work twice as hard, because you win a little car.
Clowns have been doing it for years and they gave it a bad name.
It's not a sport just for clowns.
Is that how clowns fit in the cars?
Well, that's if they were professional, yes.
But instead, they're just giving the sport a bad name.
Just jumping into cars, walking into cars, filling the cars up with more than
more than could possibly fit in the car.
Still, that was our number two video of the day.
I would have given it a straight 10.
Shout out to that fine athlete, Heather.
You already forgot her name.
I'm a huge fan.
You don't even know her name.
Well, I'm a huge fan of her technique.
She wants to become a stepmom.
And that's one of the most noble.
I mean, I'm looking for a stepmom to stepmom my kids.
So let me know.
I could defeat almost anyone in a car.
I've proven that to myself through various altercations I've had trying to leave bars.
I feel like we're on the same page.
So Heather, if that's even your name, it's not, then just hit me up.
Hit up the cream team discord or whatever.
Just put it in Rafi's market.
You can't use the discord as a place for you to meet car fighters.
Then they're not in there anyway.
They're not watching chat.
She might be.
Please, if you're watching, give me a sign.
Give me any sign at all.
Please.
What's she supposed to do?
I don't know.
She didn't go.
Wait.
No, I saw.
I saw an emote.
That's just chat.
That's a sign.
She's watching.
Bons up bullfrog.
I see bullfrog is not her.
Let's continue.
We got like, um, six more of these.
I don't know how many of these we'll usually do.
Ah, dealer's choice.
These are the top 10 to 20 videos of the day.
Exactly.
You never know.
She could be watching.
Well, then best of luck chat.
If that's the best game you got, that's not the best game I got.
Look, um, I saw what you do with seat belts, but I'm not looking for something safe.
I'm looking for something fast and meaningful.
You're doing a bad job.
Anyway, I'll have sex in a car.
But respectfully, and then we can raise my kids together.
That's how you, that's the game you're going with.
That's the game I just spent.
I don't have time for games.
Let's have sex in a car and raise my kids.
All right.
We'll see if I guess that technically she wasn't asking for stepdad.
And I am.
Well, I'm a real dad with the energy of a stepdad though.
Let's see.
Stepdads can be real dads.
It takes a village of stepdads to raise a step son.
Would you have sex with a car?
Absolutely.
I think we already debated that.
No, I think actually this Joe Rogan talked about that once.
Well, he would and I would.
Where do they stream car fighters?
Carmax.com.
That's for buying cars or fighting them.
Let's see what's going on.
What the hell?
That's $8 million right there.
Okay.
Look at the drip.
Atlanta Kyber.
Atlanta Kyber.
Yeah.
He's holding $8 million right now.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh my God.
Exclamation point 10 million.
Holy shit.
That should have just about blew my fucking mind off.
ATL Kaiba, absolute legend of the game.
He really is getting so pumped.
He's playing the same song.
He loves this song.
He really can't get enough of it.
Me either.
You can only have four of the same card in your deck.
Yeah, but if you're balling, then you can have infinite of the same card in your life.
And he's living that Kaiba lifestyle.
Blue eyes on blue eyes on blue eyes.
Play a tune.
You can put in an ape request command for tunes.
Okay, you can request this one song.
7.8.
I'd say that's, that's respectable.
Very respectable.
Congratulations 7.8.
We're all proud of you.
Oh my God.
Does the ape have a space suit?
No, but he did cost a lot.
There is a guy in there.
There's a guy in there.
There's not a guy in there.
I saw him get in there.
He's sweating.
And we have to have an EMT on.
We have to have medical staff on standby.
The whole time he's out here.
It costs about 100 grand every time he's on screen.
Look, I'm familiar with situations like that, but this ape is not that pricey.
That's fine technology with a tiny man inside.
Sweating, crying.
All for your entertainment.
We spared no expense here.
I spared every possible expense.
Almost.
One of that Gorillaz concerts.
I'm fucking so jealous.
I'd love to see him live.
He's live right now.
Yeah, but with a whole band.
He used to have a band, but they broke up.
They had a whole fallen out.
It's a whole thing.
We can't even get into it.
We got to watch more videos.
We have no choice.
We have to watch more videos.
Oh, it's Rick Rubin.
Nice.
Ignore the audience.
I love this guy's advice.
Not to say that their opinion doesn't matter.
Yes, Rick.
Tell me more.
The best art is to what makes you happy.
So if you are making a painting, for example,
and you have a little kid,
and your little kid goes,
Dad, that sucks.
Dad, Dad, your art sucks.
Kids do laugh at me.
Dad, your art sucks.
Tell your son, I wish you weren't born.
He'll fuck off.
That's dad game right there.
Honestly, dad game recognized dad game.
Sometimes that is how you have to treat your kids.
So tell them to fuck off.
Rick Rubin has the best advice.
That was the lady in a wig.
Yes, Rick Rubin.
He's a man in the wig of a genius
with the beard of a sage.
And everything he says is money.
Chatting out a fan of the Rick Rubin impression.
They might be.
You never know.
The score could go up.
I don't know if we have the volume of votes.
I don't know if the votes are there, chat.
The votes could come in.
Don't disrespect Rick like this, chat.
It's not Rick.
Please, it's at least a seven.
All of his advice is at least a seven.
Oh my gosh.
Great geniuses are never respected in their time.
I'm sorry, Rick.
I'm sorry, Rick.
Well, our monkey needs help.
Can you come produce him?
He needs to learn a second song.
I'll teach him another song.
You're no Rick Rubin.
You don't have the ear for hits.
You're going to have him playing some
lame-ass rockabilly shit for not careful.
All right.
Let's see.
Here's the speaking of songs.
Transition.
What?
Is this just a video?
A song about dils.
Oh, it's about dils.
That's not really dils-focused, though.
I need at least...
Oh, wait, never mind.
Okay, it got very dilfy at the end.
I didn't respect that it was fully dilfed out until
we got to the second half of the lyrics.
I feel like the lead was slightly buried.
It wasn't that dil-heavy until the second part.
She writes great songs.
Shout-outs to Anya Nami.
Even if she doesn't get the highest score,
she's a 10 in my heart.
Oh my god, Kase, are you trying to...
Are you cheating on Kendall with Anya Nami?
No.
Quiet down, chat.
What the hell?
I don't even know her!
Oh my god.
Horrible.
With respect to Anya,
somebody's got to make music for the dils.
And that person is me.
You're going to write a song about dils?
Add it to this up.
No, we're doing the...
We're making you do goth.
Doing a goth stream.
Eventually.
4.83.
Well, look.
You don't want to peek too early.
Drake?
That's the issue with Drake is he peeked too early.
He peeked in the 2010s,
and it was too early.
He should have peeked in the 2020s
when he was being accused of being a pedophile.
That way people would have liked his music more
and forgiven him.
I don't think that's how that works, chat.
It could have worked,
but he peeked too early.
He's been famous for so long.
It's a pretty long peek.
Well,
and now he's sliding off the peak.
Seems like he's doing fine, honestly, despite...
Seemingly, well, whatever.
Allegedly.
Allegedly, seemingly, whatever.
Okay.
Let's continue.
This is a man with a car.
Or another person...
I can't tell.
This could be another...
This could also be Rick Rubin.
Maybe he shaved?
I don't know.
That's another...
Is that the same person as the Rick Rubin?
Are we getting infused with this?
Maybe we can't vote on every video.
Maybe it's a repeat person.
We can't vote on every video.
Maybe then we can't.
No, we can.
We definitely have 40 seconds to spare chat.
My time is fucking money, man.
All right.
I'm gonna...
Oh, my God.
This is a oldie but a goodie.
Or a newie,
but an old friend.
This is an old friend of cases.
I think...
I don't...
I can't claim that it's a friend,
because I don't...
I don't know.
Might be a spoiler.
Maybe you can play us a song like this chat.
I can play guitar pretty good.
I don't even see...
Oh, it's a 5.1.
That's fair.
I thought she looked...
He looked pretty tough.
They definitely look tough walking into the store.
A tough store.
Let's check in with a classic.
Oh, my God.
His hair's gotten more luxurious.
This is how I play this...
I can play with that speedboat with my tongue.
L Begin
Pretty good, right?
Oh, shit.
He's a one man symphony.
A one man symphony of strings.
Makes you a miscreed?
Well, hey, maybe someday I'll get a different co-host.
Maybe we can get some co-hosts in here that aren't Ace,
now that I've got the whole set up there.
They have to come running.
Ace, use the power of the internet
to get Creed in here.
Well, maybe eventually.
We'll do some stretch calls
some uh co-host in here eventually. 5.4 honestly that's better than he used to do
Marcien's on the come up technically yeah that's uh an improvement I am people
hate Marcien yeah a little bit but now some people love Marcien there were a
lot of 10s in there okay the people are split I'm on the Marcien side I was
always on the Marcien side even if I wrote a few things that suggested I
weren't he's talented young man I didn't say he wasn't I didn't say he wasn't
either he very clearly is and the faster you play something the better it is I
agree you dig Marcien don't care what anyone thinks I mean that's he's
fucking legitimately amazing at guitar yeah they're my closing the stream in
protest not register with the average score um no I felt that I factored it
it's minus six that's a negative score then minus six he's had a negative one
now I'm cheating on the vacuum no we have now there's no cheating at all now the
vacuum or on it you fucked a vacuum no I never fuck oh my god he fucked a
vacuum that's nuts let's just ignore let's try to gracefully ignore that and
continue with these videos I guess geez called straight edge you can join straight
edge straight edge is everywhere straight edge what is straight edge what
is straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge
straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge
straight edge the other side of straight edge straight edge straight edge straight
edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge
straight edge it was the perfect straight edge crime straight edge straight edge
straight edge straight edge army straight edge straight edge eyes straight edge
straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge he
he became a cop straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge
Republican Christian straight edge
This isn't made up of a red-n-hole thing
Straight edge anarchist kids
Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight Edge. Straight
straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge straight edge that was beautiful
the gorilla loved it the gorilla gave it a 10 he is straight edge though he doesn't
drink he doesn't smoke he only does injectables he is straight edge but only
because he's an animatronic there's a guy in there and the monkey also has a
personality you're diminishing both the man and the beast I'd rate that highly
I'm convinced I'm going straight edge. I'm done with my beer chugging free-willing cowboy lifestyle
I'm going to a free-willing not beer chugging vaguely religious
I'm better than you cowboy lifestyle. They're both cowboy lifestyles. Not a straight edge cowboy
You're welcome
I'm better than you and you know it. You're mixing up your catchphrase
You're done with beer
Straight edge is just not drinking beer, right? I could still like pound whiskey
Because that's cowboys hail
No, you don't never mind. I didn't to be fair. They just said it a lot, so whoa weird dude energy
Pace knows a thing or two about this one
Here's some weird dude energy. You know what just for that. I'm gonna watch this one show. Oh weird
It's not showing fully on my
Check you take over. I should have taken over the whole time
Now I take over
To be fair, I think he's just giving up
I think it's just a drug that Jay Matthews has a prank on all of us in about the last
10 years or so of his activity. Oh
My god, let's skip ahead. Let's skip ahead. Whoa. I skipped to a powerful part
Why are there so many cameras? Wait a minute. Can we see that last one again? I know that's a kind of an old clip
Who is this Janet Jackson? Wow straight into the Johnny Depp. That's a powerful editing choice. Let's get bad one more time
What's up? That's not me with the vacuum
Our relationship isn't that intense. I want to bring this back into music
Yeah, hey to see that happen, that's rough, but music is beautiful
Ducata duca duca is what music is by default. Everything else is decoration. I could not agree more
Bring it back. I
Want to start a full duca duca band what even with that beat check just a bunch of bros going
That's music that's some stories about the concerts it's been to. Oh
My god, that's a high score right there
9.88 that's the winner of the day so far the video of the day all but unless it's usurped
9.88 that's dangerously close to 10 if people forget to go vote you can almost fix the vote
The dukes would be dope duke duke band name the dukes
I took it that they got the duke. You want to be my band?
Maybe
You might let me in maybe you got to audition. I
Don't want to be in it. You've got to audition and if I like you then maybe duke duke. You're in I
Don't want to be just audition. You're in that's two members down
We'll see who may maybe that MMA fighter in the car will hit me up. We can get a lady in there
Ladies can be duke duke dudes, too. The dukes take all time. We got two more videos for the day
And then we've done the whole webs the entire internet has been cleared. Oh, that's the one actually we only have one more video
Did I click on the wait were there two of these videos?
This is a different. This is seven minutes long. We can't watch the whole thing
But we'll give you a taste. I think this is part one of what we just watched
So let's see what other stuff they were bringing to the table
This might be kind of more of the same though
This is case preparing for the stream
Oh, yeah, that's a classic
Seven minutes in it
Maybe we'll just take this in a minute at a time for the next seven times we do this segment
Well, that's kind of sick. This one's sick famous image from life magazine. Oh
Yeah, this guy shot in the head
Hp give it to me mr. Hp give to me these guys give me in the duke band
Backing for me
Okay, okay, okay. That's all we get for today of that one. We'll look maybe we'll come back to that one
We'll hit you up with some more of that one
Eventually, what'd you think gorilla?
He just loves music
So for him that was an easy 10 and for me as well, I love that duke energy all of them are invited to my band
I'll be shocked if we ever actually get a ton shock head
Well, you might be in for a shock to the system because I think by the seventh time we watch that video. That's an easy 10
Exclamation point 20 you just threw your vote away only up to 10 increase the vote count case
And it's just a different way of I have to make so many more. It's 10
It's only up to 10 well in my heart add 20 to this score because that's how averages work
And I'd say those performances were anything but average those were some fine man and women applying the master of craft
I think it was all dudes
Damn both of those videos coming in with a hard nine pluses do duke energy wins for today
The duke is the duke of the
music prime
Save me save me gorilla play me
Gotta be able to request songs from him. You can only play the one right now. He's practicing. He's practicing this song
Count duke
These are not the droids. You're looking for this is our house
This is our gorilla. She's our house band gorilla
Count duke don't take him from us. All right, let's watch one more video. This is
Some kind of press conference with Mike Tyson. This is dangerously close to news
Given the amount of coverage of this fight. Let's see what's going on
One thing people don't know about you
What is one thing that people don't know about you we'll start with you Katie
Wanting that people don't know about me. I
Can't sing or I can't dance
The crowd is not rating my comment. I think people don't know about you. None of their fucking business. Oh
Amanda Serrano, what is one thing people don't know about you?
That I actually don't like fighting or arguing outside of the ring. I love to fight in the ring
That's my home, but I'll side don't like that. Why do people go to press conference?
Jake Paul one thing people don't know about you. I want to kiss Mike's big juicy lips
It's playing the heel it's going for it. You want to kiss me
Indeed he said he wanted to kiss you that's all right
All the guys are like wait
The crowd doesn't know what to do
Gentlemen right here with the hat
They're like, I guess we want to see him fuck shit. I don't know how to react. They both seem to do it
nothing to boo here just to
Equally legitimate fighters doing normal things
That's my impression of you case. It's a good impression shit. I've been working on it
But the feelings on this one are mixed much like the crowd which was
upset and then
Sort of like wait who's gonna fuck who and then confused and then they maybe they were like
Wait a minute that one girl can't dance
Yeah, they were caught up on the booze from saying that one girl can't dance and you can vote zero actually you convert zero
But not 20. How is that fair?
I don't know zero. It's part of zero to 10
6.41 we came in kind of on the middle in that one
We go with it if there was no deciding
Decisions weren't made
Explanation point dash five. I don't think you vote decimals
They can do what they want let them vote. I'm letting them vote do gay guys fucking no problem here. I
Mean if they want to fuck they should
Would they do well on pay-per-view?
That's a good question if they put
Jake Paul Mike Tyson fucks Jay Paul live on pay-per-view triller. I
Mean, I'm not planning on really buying either, but I would definitely watch the highlights
You can't they the highlights are too hot for TV. I
Think it would do well. I think if that was live on pay-per-view Jake
Pay it Jake Jake Jake Paul Mike Tyson have live passionate sex
They work for edge back in the day
Live on Netflix
Hey, they could up the price. It's a more niche audience, but you can offer more
Anyway, that's the last video of the day
I think our winner was was once again
Skadoo-ka-doo-ka dudes duke a rap
Dookie songs duke everything
King of the dukes
Dookie the zoo
Yeah, that's the video of the day is as dudes
I guess dudes rock today that day we they we proved that multiple times
Watching the dudes rock and rock and this is a gorilla is in and is sort of a man as well
So our rock-of-fire gorilla also I think
Rate the rock-of-fire gorilla. Let us know what you think of the rock
Can we rate him real quick? Yeah, I'll I'll trigger it myself. This is a rating for the gorilla
I'm just curious how people feel about the gorilla. I mean, I think it's an easy 10. I
Mean look at him. Look at him go. He hasn't stopped for one fucking second
It's a thing of beauty to watch a master at work. Are you just juicing the score here chat? No, I'm a whole legitimately want to know I
Feel like the gorilla works
He's a 50 out of 10 your score doesn't go high enough for this thing
I mean fucking look at the look at the keys at work
And he's got to play sense and a little bit of bass in there. He's playing all of that by himself. I
Guess I can't deny that he's
That he is a master
And it was also a convenient way to see
That that graphic works well
Congratulations to the gorilla our first straight 10
And y'all just straight chin for sticking with this
I mean that you know, this is our brand new segment the only segment on the internet where we watch the internet
We're the only ones. I'm me. Oh, this is the only place you can see two guys
watch internet videos
Yeah, you're totally right
I'm totally right and you're totally the best chat. Thanks for hanging out with us
We'll probably be doing these more now that we have this whole unnecessary set
And we'll see y'all see bye-bye
Ended so suddenly I
Just sprint back over here. It's a good thing. I've been working out now. I can make it over here though wheezing
Yeah, the animations are coming in harder lately the hardest animations
You got to have a you got to have extended intro segments so that I can make it over here
And then it has any need to yes
I certainly could have just watched those videos in my usual the luminous studio
But I said not good enough for me
Damn the munch planes are just slightly up today
Well, we've had a request to send it over to the movies
This is technically still a news show the movies are news
Entertainment news the entertainment news of trailers
Oh, we probably did that song for quite a while
Thank you again for all the support today for the subs from earlier
Thank you for attacking the city on the regular feel free to attack this city as much as you like
And just a reminder if you want to feed Pappito cheese it currently costs a hundred bits
Which might be a little excessive for feeding him cheese
But you know, it's just important to let you know that you have the option
Let's send it over to the movies though. We'll see what trends up to
We'll get some trailers out of the way. Maybe we'll do a little news before we get out of here
But first it's time to go to the movies. Oh my god. Just in time to see Pappito eat cheese. Thank God
Sorry about that
Almost covered up that I we got to add those graphics to everything all graphic everything
That's true young blood. What the fuck
What what you look totally fucking different. I'm wearing different glasses. I
Was do not dude, you got to go back to the previous look. Well, maybe I lost my red beanie
Someone who's lost your beanie before
That shit happens
Stuff's covered in hair
Damn it. I have this gross black beanie. What's gross about it. It's kind of covered it stuff
I don't know young blood. How are you doing?
Not that good. I don't like this new look. What's what's not to like about a young blood? You're copying my style
I'm black beanie your red bean
Doesn't have to be the case
Trent entertainment weekly. I like this. I can be like the new Mario Lopez
Is that who does entertainment news Mario Lopez? Um, yes
All right, I can't handle change. It sucks. Put on your old sunglasses. I
Just I wanted a different pair of sunglasses. I don't like seeing your eyes, man
What's wrong with my eyes that there's boring a hole through me. Jesus. Yeah, John Tash seriously
I'll look for my old glasses. I just I missed place in this morning
It happens
Don't let it happen again
I'm not I don't dress to impress you
Come for Tim pool at the movies
Yeah, a pool full of fucking old man shit
That's all about you dude your logos on bad spot. I'm moving it for you. There you go
That's better
You can't control my logo
Only I'm allowed to control my logo. Also, it isn't a bad spot to fix it. I
Mean, I'll try fix it. You Pete. Oh, that's too high now
But you don't get how to do fucking anything, man. I'm so pissed
Pissed about all of this. There we go
No, and here it's in a bad spot, too. This new graphics ruined everything for me. It's fine. Just watch some movies
All right, that is what I am here to do. Let's see what movies is in the world today
Brats. Well, that's an easy pick. You want to watch the brats trailer?
We have a moral responsibility to see what these brats is up to they're out here misbehaving for all the young ladies
Let's see what the brats do. What them brats do everybody needs to know
You were coming of age in the 1980s the brat pack was near. Oh, it's not the brats cultural awareness
I wanted the brats dolls experiencing it from the inside the brat pack was something very different
on June 10th 1985 New York magazine published Hollywood's brat pack
I just remember seeing that cover and thinking I feel so fucked with right now
From then on my career and the career of everyone who was involved was branded to the brat pack
I'm really sorry that article had to come out. I've never talked to anybody about what are they mad that just at the word brats
I thought it might be interesting to try and contact everyone who is in the brat pack
Hey, I was fully expected calls to this is Andrew McCarthy calling you. Hey, Allie. Hey to me. Hey Molly
Let's call raw. Hello, Judd
Is this just me friends calling each other
You did not it just been talking about the brat pack for years
I can't everything I've been talking to me because you called me. It was time that we clear the air in a couple things. I
Love you stuff. Hey. Thank you. I hated the brat pack for decades. What a disaster
If you could have the brat pack name not exist would you?
Hmm
It really irritated me. They said what's more important you the movie or your life and I said the movie Andrew
Have you talked to the others the others like again, it feels like a cultur. Yeah
Why did we take it as an offense as opposed to like right because we were young
It feels like a joke. Are you in the brat pack? Is this really a movie? They want us to have to watch
I am not in the brat pack
Oh, what I showed you back in the day. You did not know you did not
Being in the brat pack not only changed all of our lives. It changed what entertainment is, but I'm not gonna say we did
How so
1985 I think we could
We're just doing this documentary
Ancient history
Yeah, apparently
Yeah, play that music instead. I'm so pissed and confused
All days fucked
Hi, it's just a that's just a classic if you were of that era you'd understand. It's just like a fun
You know, they were famous. They they're some of them still are I just don't get it
It's for a certain age group. Yeah, you had to be there
Well, you know none of us only they were there, but you'd watch and we'd be like, oh, it's those famous people
I wonder then they're all friends or something and now I'm curious
What now that they're old?
What about that? What do you mean? What what is the question here?
What it was what is it to be a brat pack of
Today a brat pack of today
You're always about your fucking rat pack you and scorpion or whatever now used to be me scorpion Elvis and one piece
We had to kick Elvis out but that's different everybody cares about that. It's the same and nobody cares
But people do care about this one and you're mocking it and I care. I wonder they up to their black folk that having drinks or something in a house
You're diminishing it, but people are excited
They were a hot commodity in the 80s. They were what drove folks to theaters the bright young faces of Hollywood. Yeah, they were like
Today we have Timothy Chalamet and no one else but back then you had like five choices
No, we have Timothy Chalamet and I'm Zen Zendaya and then those two hot guys that kiss
That's the new brat pack except we call them the fucking
Scrat pack
You can't have that. That's not a word. Nah, scrap the new scrap pack is Zendaya
Timothy Chalamet. There's two dudes that kiss and play tennis and also the whole cast of euphoria
The smash sack that's a better name that yeah, now it's called that think shape shifter
You just stole that from shape shifter. No, they stole it from him the smash pack
Zendaya who did that kiss and play tennis?
Timothy Chalamet everyone in euphoria even the extras. That's too many people. It's a huge back
It's a pack that you got to watch out for they could fucking it's like a gang a gang of sex
And what will they be up to in 50 years? They'll probably all be fucking dead. Honestly. They live that hard
Anyway, turn that music off. It's bumming me out
It's one who played it. It's fucking bumming me out, dude
Shadow of the Erad tree
I'm curious. What's in them shadows? Let's find out together. This is a movie by had the
By hot high high powered Miyazaki. Let's see. What's up Peggy's 16
Little Hercules movie. All right, let's watch that next
Yeah, that's a weird thing that they say in these to peg you
the beginning
the seduction and
the betrayal
What the fuck was she doing?
Why is everything so wet an affair from which gold
She was like in a blood wound who was shadow born
What the fuck got a big
Billers of bodies war
unseen
Whoa, look at those things
One that could never be put to some metaphor for menstruation. All right, that's for the ladies
Big-ass walking torches the tyranny of mess. What the fuck is that?
Bloodborne showed up. Sorry. It's a little loud as hell. Yeah. This is Ellen ring
You
Interview various people about their lives, but they don't tell you shit
And then you're rude to everybody and so kindly make it
Would abandon everything his golden flesh
His blinding strength isn't he like a little kid?
My god, yeah, this is all of this is Ellen's ring trees do have shadows. That's pretty soon. I
Am I mean I played that first one and from what I understood the story was about like
You become a king but being king is kind of sad. That's true. That's one of the deepest stories
Is the burden of the crown?
The you want you you yearn for it, but when you get it, you're like
Shit, it's kind of depressing and confusing. Yeah, that's what I took from it as well
From soft game dialogue is basically a I generated text
But the ads only read every single magic gathering card ever printed. Yeah, but the lower in the magic the gathering card is some of the best
Fantasy tellings of all you play magic the gathering. I just read the cards for the story. What I don't I refuse to read the books
The way to get the magic story is to just read the cards and you'll be like
Squeak goblin they've up counted the coins, but for how long and you'll be like for how long did he?
And you never know but you fill in the blanks and that's like L Ellen ring
One of the rudest rings, but also one of the best. Let's just watch another trailer
I mean it looks good. It didn't you know for video games. I'd say the day the elder bring series
What do you fucking know about video? I played video games back when you was a
Pixel in your dad's
CPU
Really?
Well, sort of I mean I had a Commodore
Let's see. I'm picking one. Oh wait. No, we were gonna do what we're doing little Hercules. What was her question?
I already forgot watch this and then there's a rent fair trailer. Let's there's some big movie. I'm forgetting about. Oh
shit, there's a bunch of movies out a
Trailers they're not movies. No, you said it. They're movies
Clipped
Harold and the purple crayon featuring
That one guy. Can you believe the Phyrixians?
Competed Jace. I can't believe that Jace
Did that thing that's what you got from all those cards he did the Jace did all this stuff dude
He's crazy. Anyway, if anyone remembers it was a Hercules trailer or something. We'll watch it after another trailer
The Phyrixians. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they're like a little sludge guys that I was also once humans
It's a tragic tragic story of what happens when humans become sludges
That I haven't played the game, but it does not sound right
It's basically right
Beetlejuice we already watched that multiverse more multiverses. Okay, whatever. Let's go with um
Feel like I'm principal. I shouldn't watch Harold and the purple crayon
This is all very approximately correct. Exactly the best kind of correct. He's like, yeah close enough. That's the best kind
Yeah, yes, basically how you graduate from high school. Uh, Harold and the purple crayon is what we're going with
Everyone's favorite crayon. This is a classic. This is I mean, I don't know this is a classic
But the actual children's book is in my opinion kind of a classic. It's very sweet
Little kid draws a crayon purple crayon makes his imagination reality. It's great stuff. I guess I
Guess
Also, am I totally blown out again? I see that I constantly am peeking here
In case leave a fucking source open. Let me double check before we blast your ears with more shit
Which we've probably been doing all stream. Oh
No, never mind. I guess maybe it's fine
Okay, whatever. Uh, let's see
What this purple crayon do what the purple crayon do once there was a boy named Harold
With his purple crayon hardly anything he drew came to life
As he got bigger so did his imagination
You're fine. Let's go to the real world. That's not how it works. Harold. You can't just oh, he's an adult
Oh, that is how it works
In one day, we're going after him, right? No, they stepped right into our world
Oh
Oh, he became an adult christian
My insides are coming
It has the same budget as one episode of chuck so you know it's gonna be good
Come on Harold can do magic
With this little guy, I can make whatever I want neutral
That's spider cloth. Oh no that is creative
And I guess in that's terrible. That's terrible defense of this movie. It's the door or keep chill if you know what brought you
And i'm gonna doll your crayon is made of the most powerful extraordinary stuff on earth
Wax pure imagination
You can't use the crayon or by yourself. It's too powerful
Yeah, Zach levies in this that me
Zechara levies
Was crayon nothing could stop me
No, we're gonna figure out how to stop that guy with this
You know from what I remember about the
About the little picture book. This is not capturing the vibe of it
I do like that. It burped to be clear
That's my kind of stuff
Oh, shit. That should have decapitated a bunch of kids
Oh, no, honestly, I don't do a lot of thinking
It's the watchman show director
That's the follow-up project for him, you know, I'm probably too old to be
Disappointed in things that are squarely aimed at children
But um
The original book is real sweet. It's got a nice energy to it and that sort of made me feel a little sick
So
I'm not mad. You're mad at a kid at a kid's thing not being what?
Childish and not whimsically childish enough. It was not
whimsical. It was not filled with
A sense of imagination and longing for childhood
To over the top in lane
But said better by red-eye shaman
I just I don't know. I mean it does not for me
Kids get to do what kids do, but I was the kids reading this and now that I'm the adult looking at it. It does make me a little sad
It's the dictionary definition of soulless garbage
But that's the power of the purple crayon is anything soulless
can be filled with burps and um slips and also smashes
And that's what the purple crayon is all about. That is not what the purple crayon is all about
It's about one child's imagination being represented by by heartwarming
We're saying the same thing, but you're kind of being a stick in the mud for literally no reason just like to point that out
Let me scoot over
Okay
Did you draw a hot lady car fighter with the crayon?
It's a great question. No, it's for it's a kid. It's a child. They don't want a hot lady car fighter
We don't know maybe he wants a mommy that can be there for her stepdaddy
It sucks that you wouldn't
Chet sound exactly the same. I do not sound different out of different thoughts
Okay, um
What's with the imagination movies maybe because it's an election year never stop believing
Are you saying you don't believe in democracy? This is nothing those two things aren't related
Everything is related by the power of the crayon. You just don't get the new age new age of purple crayon
Let's do one more movie because that bummed out somebody so much it did bum you know
But a lot of the trailers we watch are pretty bad
So we could stop when I let's do ren fair
Case recently went to one
Because I guess he's eating that kind of thing. So let's see if they accurately represent that
You can't even that made that whole trailer worth it. Is this going to be like the movie waiting in the united states?
Came into being because they wanted to be like george
He's built this whole thing. He's the ruler
He's not crazy. He's just thinking on a level that you can't comprehend
I don't know what's gonna happen to it after he's
Because if he ain't working it it don't work
The perfect way to go would be have a woman screw me to death. That's
My goal
Okay
I'm trying to find somebody this is a documentary. I thought it was an actor
I'm trying to play the long game when he dies george's put me in position to possibly fell in for his shoes
I just don't think jeff has what it takes. I guess he's not wrong
I have yet to see a fair successfully handed from one person to another
When they get their knife out cut my balls off
I have a reaction
What?
Where it comes across with the cash gets it all you have to do is make the plan
Don't be fun
This is secession, but I guess a documentary and the nerds. Yes. That's all you got in your bag of tricks
Don't ever render us to make me
Jeff fucked me. It's just a lie. Is this the la one on social media
Why does it look they are thick as thieves make a little bit
Is this a series or is it a documentary, but is it
I'm curious what chat thought of that one. I'm activating the ratings
Uh, thank you so much for the raid coming in. Damn
Uh bruce green with the massive raid. I feel like people always raid while i'm out me trance
um, yeah, I guess so
Oh blast and zelda music now
Uh, welcome bruce raiders. Hope you had a great stream with bruce. Uh, we're watching movies
But we just wrapped up doing that. We'll probably do something else after
Yeah, you unfortunately came at the tail end of getting to hang out with me the coolest guy who is trance
Who is at the movies? Well, yes, that did all happen
They're currently rating a trailer that you didn't see but feel free to type exclamation point. No, it's over never mind
Uh, came in at a hot 7.5, which is respectable. I'd give that I was intrigued
Check out if you if you just joined us and you're actually sticking around check out the trailer for ran fair
You may be disappointed or you may be confused or you may be into it and I was all three
You're disappointed. Well, I'll mine is disappointed. I was not disappointed, but you might be disappointed now that i'm building it up
well, I mean, I'm disappointed that
That fucking crayon movie for sure. Yes. Do not check out the trailer for herald on the purple crayon because chris is a hater on it
It's very bad. Don't see it. Well, the the jury's out. It could actually be an excellent film bruce. Thank you again for the raid
Let's send it back to case right now to do news or whatever it happens on this station usually
And uh, and I'll see you all again because you do in fact know what it is
Oh straight into pepito's mouth
Oh, I know why that keeps happening because the
Because the thing is still active, you know, uh bruce. Thank you again for the raid
But pepito keeps chowing down on cheese between those breaks
He's probably is never gonna poop. Yeah, we keep feeding my um producer dog cheese. Oh, yeah, baby. Give me your sweet bitties deep inside me
I love it. I love it. Which is just
Definitely not good for him. Let me fix that graphic so that you can actually feed him cheese
Just one second
Everything on the stream is working as intended
the whole stream
works like this
flawlessly
Oh my god, it's rogan time
All right
Okay
I see how it is
If you say so chat
Uh, there's pepito. Okay. Here's our here's our pepito cheese boy in honor of that last uh drop
Wait, where'd he go? There he is
There we go. Thank you pepito
Okay, uh, we have a request for joe rogan. Let's do a news first and then we'll get out of here for the day with some classic rogan stuff
Things were intended to not work
I could play that that's a smart that's smart to say that
um, yes
I built the stream to barely function and it's functioning flawlessly
Wow crumb crumb takes the lead in the plane count for the day
So bricks, he said everything around here works great
Except your mouth joe
His mouth is supposed to flap up and down
But I guess I can't have it all
Whatever happened to joe's mouth
We should end the day by watching the rest of that seven minute video. My god, we could
There's gotta be a news. Let's do some value. Let's provide value to your minds with the important news of the day
Definitely the most important types of news is all I cover here
So let's send it over to the the same newsroom but with a guest
Uh, it's news time
ready for some news
Get it together, man
Uh, I don't know what this headline this sounds made up. I don't know what this headline means either. I'm jeff ripple
Uh, that's me
So that's good news for all of you
But the bad news is I don't know what the fuck this story is
Whoa, it's huge
I'll tell you what it is. It's
Way bigger than usual. What's going on here shrink this down my man
Everything's all moved around. What's happening case you broke the whole stream and I don't even know how
Get it over
Scooch it over. There we go
Save it last
Jesus
I'm under assault. Okay. There we go
That's how a news box works
Back to the bin penis roots. This is your kind of story case. This is the kind of thing you like to talk about
I mean, I'm curious what Napoleon's penis is a long-term New Jersey resident means
It did fly too close to the sun. It seems to have smashed a few things on its journey on a celestial journey
But we're returning to a strong base of classic news here, California, Colorado
Uh, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia opt out
What is happening here
How are these two things related? California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia opt out and privacy rights
What?
I don't really know what the story is
Oh, that's an ad. Okay. Wait. Is that an ad?
Let's go back to the to the root of this
Okay, that's it seems to have transcribed a video whatever program you use
We're gonna just read this right off the confusing new york post website
Who's got tons of the ads for us and this picture of napoleon
Also, apparently something about his penis
He bought it. He never showed it to anyone. He never told anyone. He just took it put it under the desk and there it was
Did I miss a headline? Okay. Good. We're up here. Jesus these websites
Here is a short history lesson
And i'm getting ready for the laughs now
Move this over. All right
French emperor napoleon bonaparte died 203 years ago may 5th
But his legendary petite privates were last known to be in the red hands of anglewood new jersey resident
The penis belonged to evan latimer whose renowned urologist dad beat out stiff competition at a paris auction in 1977
To buy the organ for three thousand dollars and that's real inspirational if anybody's worried about size because
They keep saying it's tiny. I don't how do we know it's napoleon's penis even
You can see what they're doing with this article. Yeah, me too
It's all about the the boner part
Leave it to the professionals you fool
I refuse to acknowledge that penis pun
He bought it. He never showed it to anyone. He never told anyone dr. John k latimer who did extensive research for the abraham Lincoln and
John f Kennedy assassinations
Died in 2000 at age 92. Okay, that's the guy who had it even latimer now 70. Jesus these sites are terrible
Now 75 declined to comment on the famous french member of the family when they reached the post as legend has it
A resentful doctor supposedly snipped the inch and a half long penis during the five foot five rulers autopsy
Well inch and a half soft
well
I guess probably it's a corpse. Well, but sometimes
You know, don't they doesn't matter. Well, whatever. It's apparently a little guy
The postmortem was carried out by napoleon's doctor francesco
Auto marchi in front of 17 witnesses
And that's just the worst when your doctor does the extra circumcision after death in front of 17 witnesses
But it's an important part of the life cycle getting your penis cut off in front of 17 people
Well, maybe he did it real
Sneakily just a little snip snip
We're we're learning. This is the news according to nyc writer tony
Uh, perto uh, perotet who wrote the 2008 book napoleon's privates 25
2,500 years of unzipped history
That's a real thing. I guess that's a real book a whole book
You know, you're famous when they read a whole book about your tiny dick
That math doesn't check out 2,500 years
Maybe it's not just napole. Maybe he's writing about
all sorts of
dicks
Dicks through the ages
I don't this I don't know about this
I do know I I need to scoot over there we go that feels better
Napoleon's pistol warrior was among relics brought by american rare book dealers asw rosenback in 1924 and displayed at the museum of french art
In manhattan in 1927
It was eventually auctioned in paris in 1977 and bought by evan latimer's father a professor of urology at columbia university
It was just don't even say it. We already had enough of him today. Oh, it was for history then
Even evan latimer has kept private for the most part of his kinky keepsake
Oh, he's kept private for the most part
his kinky keepsake
This is such a weird article. You're the one who picked it. I can't deny that I
That this is my fault that we're reading
Napoleon bone apart boner apart was the right title for the book. Don't give case that credit
Well, I mean, I'm not the first person to make a boner joke out of his name. You're not
Because I was impressed. No, I think that's a pretty common one
Damnity fooled me
Perotet. Whoa a ranger
This is the worst website
Don't profane the good name of the new york post and their ranger over his pop-up ads
Evan latimer has kept private for the most part is oh my god. All right
Um patrote has the rare privilege of perotet
Sorry had the rare privilege of seeing a little napoleon about 10 years ago in englandwood. Is it about is this dick right below us?
The box is closed. Oh my god. Here's the here's the dick box
It's his dick in a box
napoleon's dick in a box, baby
Bring that song back for this. I can't help it. It's his dick in a box
Rumors say that it was they already told us that who is this lady
Evan latimer has kept quiet for this that's is that
Evan what is happening? It was a fascinating moment. She hadn't looked at it for years
It was in a fedex box the legend was the doctor kept it under his bed the writer explained it had been an air dried
So no one is going to look so great after 200 years. It was like a little baby's finger
It's always compared to beef jerky. It's sort of dried out
I mean that is like the ultimate version of the pool is cold
It's 200 years old and freeze dried. I swear it was bigger when I wasn't a mummy
Only his penis is a mummy now
And that's the last thing you want
Is just your dick to be a mummy
The pharaohs fought against this. I'm pretty sure they had their
whole junk just torn off and
Fed to the most powerful dogs
Because dogs were gods to them
People on the stream need to stop making up
Facts, but then there will be no stream
Here are the whereabouts of some of the other a-list body parts. Oh good. Here's a here's the rundown
Can we get some like y'all ready for this music?
Is that a thing we still have?
Hmm, maybe it's not
I don't think we have the y'all ready for this music anymore
And that's just so sad for us. Okay, skit. This is the nba rundown
But that's Zelda music
Y'all ready for this
I need this to do my job. You need this to do your job. Yes. This is the starting lineup of ancient dicks
Ludwig a star starting penis in the lineup of a Bill and Ted's characters dicks
Ludwig van Beethoven
Give me some fucking echo. You do it for the hype train
Ludwig van Beethoven's ear bones. What that's not a dick
Ira f brilliant center for Beethoven studies at California's san jose state university microphone 900
Thank you for the 18 months
Lincoln skull fragments national museum of health
Thank you for the the uh the sub at tier one in honor of lincoln skull fragments
Galileo Galilei's finger the museum of italy thomas Edison's last breath
In a glass tube at henry ford museum in michigan
And of course albert einstein's brain your starting center for the night at the mutter museum in philadelphia
Yes
Folks come on down
To the quick and loans arena to see all of these players in action. They're all dead and they're all body parts
Was napoleon famous for his junk. I apparently not well
It could have been huge at the time the fact it's still a little baby finger after all these years in my opinion means
It's a survivor
It's a survivor. It could have been big. It just got smaller because it's dried up
Also, no size shaming. Sure. I mean, whatever. It's fine if the plane had a
Weird little dick if they were all they slept in tiny beds back then so the dicks looked bigger
And we need to bring that back
Because if you're not blessed, but you sleep in a tiny little bed it makes it look two inches longer
And that's just classic get that over to
Get that over to alpha youtube quick. I'm starting an alpha youtube channel around bed sizes
Make your bed tiny to make your penis look bigger
He was famous for his compensatory success. I've heard that that's sort of a rumor that he was short
supposedly he was like a normal height for the time and also some of the
Stuff about his height is from questionable sources
Which means some of the stuff on his dick could also be from questionable sources. What's the question? It's right in that box
Yeah, not short just insecure and you know, sort of a mass murderer, but grading on a curve
The liberator of Europe
The grading on what curve the curve of you want to know is a long time ago
The same curve we grade on, you know, all of our founding fathers on they're on the money ignore the rest of the stuff
The rest of the stuff. Yeah, they're on the money. They were pretty good for the time
Grading on a really intense curve that ignores a lot of people
But most people some would say okay. Well, that's the power of history
And I'm the power of ripples because that's my last name
And so I use it in all of my signouts. Ah, shoot. I'm not supposed to say that part
But you get the idea by Jeff ripple. God damn it classic ripples
Well, now we know
Now we know that some crazy guy claimed to have napoleon's dick
And that's the thing I didn't know at the start of the day that now I'll forget by the end of the day
And that's the power of the news
Um
Shockingly Joe Rogan has been called for he's been summoned into this plane yet again
Oh, I've been running my voice changer this whole time
If you've been hearing
Joe Rogan's voice this whole time
It turns out you weren't insane
Anyway, we'll probably have some technical issues because some things got broken in our journey amongst the web
Uh, so it might take a rowan for Jamie to
Get out of whatever
Sugary soup he's sliding around in to fix this for Joe, but we'll make an attempt to let the joes do their thing
Look at these
Poor city dwellers so many dobbies so many dobbies every day
Literally if you were hearing it you are actually still insane
Maybe
You gaze upon his ripples. All right, let's um
The plane is 200 years of staying power
If you think a little baby shriveled up baby penis is staying power, then you're correct
I am impressed that his dick is still in any form after 200 years my dick in 200 years from now
Dust baby dust in the wind
Oh, you're gonna do munch and crumb today too. Um, maybe we'll we'll do munch and crumb after a little joe rogan
And that's what we'll end with for the day
but for now
There's no choice
I'm turning off these graphics because you can't even use them all uh
All we're over in the mud in the in the rogan verse
Powerful rogan verse. It's time uh for our boy joe to do his thing
The joe rogan experience
Okay, let me know if you can hear me
with any luck
You are hearing joe rogan
Danny's just staring at me slack jawed
Um, he's been trying to stretch out his jaw. It's his new thing. He saw snake eat a bunch of
Big rabbits and it impressed him and he's been doing jaw stretches that i'm in favor of getting in shape obviously but
I don't know it's starting to feel like a hellraiser movie in here
Yeah, he he wants to unhinge his jaw like a snake and
This to devour bigger cakes
He thinks it'd be great to eat a cake in one bite. You want to shut up about it. So
He broke a pool cue and he's he's been and he's been breaking off these
Wool cues and trying to stretch out his jaw with it by jim get into his mouth
Which obviously is the least safe way to do it. We shouldn't even get into it. It's actually legitimately disturbing
Yeah, he's starting to scare me
I'm I'm scared now of jamey. He gave him too much power and
And I guess that's not us
I mean he sometimes he gives give a friend a couple million bucks and it goes to their head and
He tried to draw stretches with broken off pieces of pure cool cue so they can unhinge their jaw and eat full cakes
Just that's the price of doing business
I mean, yeah business costs money and a lot of people are afraid of that
In this country, some people don't even want to make money anymore
But you got to make mistakes to make money and you got to break eggs to eat breakfast and I breakfast
Every other day depending on my fasting cycle
And that's the same with business. Anyway, we're both Joe Rogan. I'm Joe Rogan
Yeah, and I'm me too as well is I'm also him. So if anybody has any questions, uh, we're on some weird guys fucking twitch stream
Assumingly cursed and tricked into being here at his beck and call
Sometimes I feel like the faint echo of the spirit traps
In a monstrous hell of my own making
But also I think we we decided to deal with him like a Spotify or something
He's probably paying us millions of dollars
Dude, we get paid so much to do this. It is nuts. Anyway, if you have any questions, let us know
And we're having answers. This is basically the only time I take questions from from regular from what I call the regulars
And yeah, that's not an offensive term. It's just you know
By any metric we sort of live the life of a of a greek god
Well, I mean you are by by that nature the regulars and they accept it
You have no choice and I don't mean it as a term of diminishment, but
What I'll answer your questions from from my high
Olympian podcast studio
Yeah, that's a good way to put it
Are you aware of any intermittent slowing diets where I'm allowed to binge on mondays and tuesdays?
Well, the garfield diet lets you binge on mondays and the two the odi diet
Just because odi's a real piece of shit and he started his own after garfield is the same version but on tuesdays
So you couldn't do the garfield odi diet just know
That might create a bit of a time cop situation
On where on wednesday you just explode because you're combining with your diets, which is never to be done
Yeah, you don't want to confine the garfield and odi podi diet, which by the way is you only eat on monday
Or you only eat on tuesday, but you eat as much as you want
I'll thank you for the follow the monsta
Yeah, it's dangerous to eat as much as you want both days
It's honestly a pretty dangerous diet in the in the first place, but danger is an important element of eating
Yeah, eating used to be dangerous as hell
You'd have to fight bears to get coyote meat and stuff
That's how humans used to live so I didn't favor the garfield diet because it it introduces a sense of danger back into eating
Yeah, I hate eating safe. Uh, joe who was uh more insane to interview catwilliams or taren tower
Interesting question because I thought they actually both made a lot of sense
I mean, yeah, they're both great guys to be clear. They're both nice guys
They're super nice guys
It's gotta be said they're both such nice guys so many of the guys I interview and hear the people hate are just such nice guys
I'd say visibly every guy we've ever ever interviewed it is a really nice guy. Um
And I mean they've both had such great points. It's too bad that I have to say either of them are insane
I will say
Um after talking to taren's howard
All of my all basically the entire way I handle money doesn't make sense to me anywhere
Yeah, because
I I try I've I've you know, of course using his math to um
To pay for things
And when I try to take like a percentage out of one wait, it's like you can't take a percentage out of a whole
So a lot of times, you know, I'll pay people one dollar for stuff
Yeah, like I'll give waiters a one dollar tip or whatever and like I'll try to and then if they if they do bad service
I try to take a percentage off the one dollar tip that I usually give waiters as a as a max
Yeah, and ever since I try to do math the taren's howard way
There's actually no way to take 15 out of a dollar
I just don't tip waiters at all
So I guess I would say taren's howard is more insane because the way he's affected my life is pretty nuts
In a positive way. I don't have to pay waiters anymore
Which is which has been so great. I mean not people and none of the people give taren's enough credit
I was paying waiters so much a dollar for every meal
Uh and now courtesy of his math, there's no percentage of a dollar and I've never had perfect service
So there's just it it averages out to zero if you try to divide um one by 15 percent
Anyway, so to answer your question
Um, he was insanely awesome taren tower. It was insanely right and he fixed my life
Am I in danger chat? Please don't eat me
Yes, I mean you're always in danger
That's important to be the people are afraid of danger like we said earlier
But you want to always be in danger?
Well, that's the thing I learned actually from the x-men what I was in my 20s
Yeah, my 20s I used to watch the 90s x-men show
And they had a whole danger room
And that was a room where they just went to be in danger and everybody wants to be wolverine
But nobody wants to put in the work. I mean that's why I'm on the wolverine diet
I only eat wolverines that I have to catch myself
And there's really not that many wolverines in texas you'd think there'd be more
Well, I wander out into the desert. Mostly what I find is fucking cactuses. I end up eating a lot of just cactuses
And my mouth is just full of little spinies
Not great, but you know, whenever I catch a wolverine, it's a huge accomplishment
I mean, obviously I have like a second with me
Who does the wrestling of the wolverine because I'm busy. I got to take like business calls. Why I'm dealing with
Yeah, I mean sometimes we have jamie second doesn't fight the wolverine
And maybe if he can get his job again, I think he can just swallow it in one bite
Yeah, but then he's gonna eat our food. Uh, let's see
Gina
Oh, yeah case did a whole attack of the attack of the ripoff thing earlier. I don't oh jeez and chat
What the goddamn fuck? That's a really good question. That's a really great question
Tina not enough people ask that what the goddamn fuck is a really good question
I mean, I guess in my opinion like what the fuck
Sort of is like, huh and goddamn is like
Whoa
So it's sort of like, huh? Whoa
Yeah, that's it. It's like a pretty accurate way to describe that statement
But also the question is, huh? Whoa
Yeah, so in that case if what you're asking is ha and whoa, I guess I'd say
Um, all of it and uh-huh
That's a really great way to answer that now. I don't know if people think of it that way
Yeah, I mean honestly a lot of times when I wake up in the morning. I'm like, what the fuck and then I'm like
Whoa
And that's kind of how I live my life
Really great point
Speaking of garfield, how do you think it'll hold up at the box office against furiosa?
I do think furiosa apparently it's underperforming. Some people are blaming how woke it is
Well, people are saying that furiosa is woke
the movie about um
like
Everyone murdering each other in the apocalypse
Yes, like a man a lazy susan is the main character
Is she not lazy though? I mean she basically gets tortured the whole time
It's mostly about torturing a woman in the desert
Yeah, it's like woke or something though and so it went broke
But I said I thought I think the real mistake might not even be that is that um
Is that they put it up against garfield and honestly if it's like
That's the problem with this country if it's a movie about how hard it is to eat
First a movie about eating as much lasagna as you want. I think it's really the sad state of this country that
They will go to the lasagna movie
Yeah, maybe maybe you're right. Maybe that was a mistake because people love lasagna and I think they hate desert murder
Well, I mean americans like murdering stuff in the desert
I mean that don't get us wrong
I like I do that in my desert all the time I kill all sorts of stuff
And honestly that's a lot of how this country came to be as we murdered stuff in the desert
Well, but I guess we kind of have forgotten that in favor of lasagna and I do think that is a problem that
Unfortunately, I'm part of some of the brightest minds and no one has any idea how to fix that
Yeah, that's a really good point like
How do you stop people from wanting lasagna over desert murder?
I mean smarter minds than me are thinking about is literally 24 seven and so far. There's no there's no solutions
But I think we can't get there eventually
And congratulations. Gina you've been forced into watching this. Um, you have to watch this now
So, you know, that's what that means
Let's take one more question. I think we made a lot of really good points
I mean, I couldn't agree more. You've said basically exactly what was on my mind
I mean, I've been trying to find the words and you found them
Can you do any impressions?
Um, let me see
Uh, this is my
Kind of do a drake impression. I know that he's not that popular anymore
Great people are mad at him because he like he fucks models or something
Yeah, I think people are mad at him for fucking cool models
So but anyway, hey, it's me drake. Um
You need a ride to school
Hey, listen, that was a great session
For me drake, but if you need a ride to school, you got to tell me which one
I know the quickest run to all of them
So just tell me which one I don't even have to
I don't even have to use a gps
I can drive on my fast sports car there right now
Yeah, man
I'm drake
Anyway, that's my impression of drake
I'm not as they know fucking good and impressions. That's why I'm mostly you comedy about like
How crazy does that women give birth?
Dude, that's fucking nuts. Have you ever considered that like that you just fall out of a person?
Yeah, that is fucking crazy. It's fucking crazy that we fall out of people. Anyway, drake's my only impression, unfortunately
That's a wild drake impression. I've been working on it, but then he got
Cancel or whatever he can't have anything fun anymore. Every time I do a drake impression. I have to I have to register as a sex offender
Is that the reason why we have to do that? But that was the thing that we tried to get cleared up
Oh, oh, no. Yeah, maybe that's maybe that's the thing. Anyway, um, I'm Joe Rogan and uh
I think we said basically made sense, right? I think it made the most sense of anything we've ever said
That's a really great point. I've actually never thought of it that way. Okay. Well, we'll be back. In fact, I think we never actually leave
Oh, Jamie has done it actually
Wow, I'd usually in Jamie's plans don't work, but
He just unhinged his john swallowed his entire laptop
If you already seen the game cat a catamari damasi
I never played it myself, but
It's sort of like that. But if it was eating it, that's sort of what Jamie's doing to the studio right now
I might have to actually flee because he's devouring more than you should because that managed to eat his whole desk
Um, and he does he's giving me crazy eyes and I do think I might be next
So I'm gonna go ahead and use my cardio have to burn my cardio for the day
The Joe Rogan experience
My god
Did I break my audio?
Did I permanently break my audio?
Oh only I can't hear it for some reason
weird
the Joes have have uh
Smashed my ability to monitor my audio against the rocks for the day, but hopefully you guys can still hear it
Which is what really matters
That's the power of the Joes. They have the cosmic ability to destroy to destroy my audio monitoring
Sick, okay. Well, we're gonna munch and crumb and get out of here for the day
We're gonna munch some crumbs and then flee into the night. Thank you for the the special appearance from Gina during
One of the more challenging segments to watch for some people probably see really quick if I can uh
Make it so I can hear stuff. It is nice to be able to hear through here
Yeah, I'll just monitor it through my speakers. You guys might hear a little doubling, but you're fine with that
Okay, um, let's send it over to munch and crumb
hopefully
They're doing okay
They've been a little weird lately
Which you know for them if we're grating on on a curve
Then it's it's worse than usual, but we'll see how they're doing. It's time for munch and crumb
my hair's
Get back just in time for some crummy sure are
It sounds crazy in my ears, by the way, just so you know, but that's fine. That's all right. Everything's fine
What happened? I mean, I guess what happened is
I'm in a great mood. It's great to see everybody and it's great to see my good friend crumb
He's trying to do a thing
He's trying to trick me into into a false sense of security and be my pal
I just want to be I just I don't know. I see a fellow traveler who seems to be hurting inside and
I can relate. I've had I've had struggles over the years and I'm not hurting. I was having a rough
I had my wife and I were not in a rough patch, but we had a little bit of a rough argument
Uh, that makes it sound worse. Oh my god. No, we didn't have a physical altercation
We were having an emotional altercation
Um over the last week over the swelling of her feet. Anyway, everything's fine. We we had a great weekend
Uh ai has bed head
What is my hair not looking good? I've been using a product to kind of bring it back
You're open meeting to using a hair product
Well, a friend recommended said hey, you used to have a lot thick lustrous hair and I've been trying to bring it back. She
Now that he's tied again, it's all coming. He's trying to wind himself back up into becoming the
Slavenly egomaniac. We all know you are
I'm elm again. I'm just I'm just elm Manchester
I'm just a man that's happy to be here
Why the new hair anyway? Great question munch. This is just it's my hair. I don't know
My hair my head's going full egg. Well, actually I I shaved my head this morning
My hair has been behaving oddly lately. I I am bald, but you know
To maintain the look you do have to save some of the stubble and my stubble has been difficult to manage lately
I mean, you could have let it come in. That's what I do even though I'm also bald
Well, now you have more hair, whatever
Whatever, it looks ridiculous. You look ridiculous. Well, I mean, I'm sure that in a sense. Yes. In a sense. No, you do
What are we debating to admit today
I I'm not I don't want you to be mean. It's just so insincere that you're pretending to be nice
So I love the heat that doesn't only work
Yeah, that only works if you if you drop bitch
Maybe case could drop the amount of bitch you have to drop
It's it's not so much that he's trying to get a bunch of bitch donated. It's just that the the graphics can be a little intense
You don't know what case does what he does
What are you disagreeing with me? I'm just saying you don't know
But it's fine that you don't know. Okay, whatever. Uh, if you've got anything you'd like you should debate today, let us know
Oh, yeah, you act you can activate the munch jet or the crumb jet
Well, congratulations on being ahead of the jet come. Oh, yeah, baby. Give me you sweet biddies deep inside me
I love it. I love it. Let's see if it works
Sorry, just
But like a hiccup from my feet if that makes sense for a second there
Does case no
Yes, no debate this no what?
Does case no. Yes. No eggman versus robotnik. Are they the same guy?
Um, are eggman and robotnik the same guy?
Lost the wig
No
I never wore a wig
I don't know who they'd be asking
But if someone did have a lot of wigs it might be really easy to misplace them
Graphics yay or nay
Yay. Well, no, that's
You can't just always take the the easy one
Oh
You want yay. I guess nay. Well, no, you I'm not gonna just I'm not begging
I'll do whatever nay then
More macho movie top gun versus roadhouse. Oh, okay. That's an easy one. Uh, roadhouse. Um, okay, top gun
You think top gun's gonna win? I don't it's fine. I mean just to be you know a roadhouse. Sorry
I don't mean to confuse you roadhouse. Wait, what did I say? What's wrong with you? Top gun top gun
I'm taking top gun
Okay, road roadhouse. I guess
Are you all right
I'm fine. Um
Which roadhouse?
But the both both combined
Okay, which top gun both combined
Okay, um
but look
Popkin is actually more of a broad appeal film
I mean both have their broad appeal in their own way, but
I mean, I think both are great movies and if you prefer one, that's totally fine
Uh, although preferring it in this case doesn't necessarily mean like you prefer
It's which one do you think is more macho which is a bit of a reductive way to look at masculinity and gender as a whole
But I would say in the traditional sense roadhouse is more of a guys movie top gun
It's meant to play a little bit more to all sides
Tom cruise has sort of that cross appeal between uh demos there I would say and it's got a romance story
Whereas top gun is more of a traditional just dumb action flick about a guy who solves problems with his fists
It's almost like a cowboy plus a bar. I mean, you know, it's a guy. It's a guy movie
It's a guy's guy movie. I guess I would say but I had a strong opinion on it, but honestly, no
Okay, well look, um
Top gun is jets jets are more masculine than bars
Um, and then not to get too gendered with things. I know that that that
But I would say uh jet beat guys and bars in the macho niche
If a man could be made out of a jet that would be one of the most macho man
But what about cowboys?
Cowboys aren't jets aren't they sort of the traditional vision of american masculinity?
Well, yeah, but if a jet could if a jet could be a cowboy, it'd be more of a cowboy than a
Than a non-jet cowboy if a cowboy was like what made out of jets. No, the cowboy is a jet
Talking jet like a transformer talking jet transformer would be more masculine
than
A man cowboy. Yes a talking jet in a cowboy hat would be more masculine than um, then a man boy
A man boy a man cowboy boy. Sorry. I'm just trying to track
Putting putting jets in a cowboy hat
It's more macho in this case. No, the jet at base is my argument is that that is more macho than a cowboy
silly rotos isn't even about cowboys. It's about bunkers
But they just have a cowboy attitude
And the people agree with me. Oh good
You're crumb believable. Oh, I got that one
release
I got that one. We can cut the problem. I was talking out
No, this is all going in the sun
What?
um
Boy, huh
You have a little hair coming. What?
Hey
That was close. Um, it did look a bit close. Yes
I'll bring reason to the form. I've challenged the status quo and exposed the lies. They know
I had to hold on to prepare for ride the truth. Yeah, that's good. Congratulations
You vote win. Well now it sounds like you're diminishing my win
No, congrats. You had two more votes. I mean you that means you win
It does yes, it does mean yeah
And what does that make you feel?
I'm Leonard Crumb. We believe me something here. It makes me feel proud of you. Congratulations. You did a great job
Please
spare me
What was so far from very oh, it was pretty confusing to switch which one you were
Just the bridge three times
Where
I mean, that's totally fine. I'm saying was it was a little confused
I mean, I mean, I really could have gone either way and I'm glad it went your way
It seems like it seems like it's for you that you win in and I think you do a good job
And really fought for it
This is the point is that we fight for it
There's a whole premise
Not that we I'd be nice if we didn't fight, but you are still fighting me
Things you are still fighting me
Even if this nice guy act is is a challenge to me and I I'm not going to sink to your level by being nice to you
Uh
Okay, yeah, I mean stay on whatever level you're comfortable with
I don't really look things in that that things in that kind of hierarchical way, but I respect however you need to see
Uh, to find a way once looks different now, uh, you have to go to the debate segment from I think
Yeah, in some cases case blackwell streams. I beat him. It broke him. I smashed you
I smashed you. Oh, oh
Ouch, would you smash you you lost to me
After a year a whole year of me losing I beat you and I still feel good about that. You feel good
Yes
I'm having a rough time
I uh
And it's not that I put that much stake in my relationship with you
That's fine if you do
Sort of a yin yang situation
Uh, what's what's a yin without a yang if you're twins and you're and you're yin yang twins
Then now I got no twin
But I hate my I hate my twin. I want to eat him in the womb like uh like a like a roman city founder
I just could you stop doing whatever this thing is is one of my point
I I don't know how to I don't know what you need, but I'm here for you. Oh, that's the opposite
That's the opposite
Not accountable
I just I'm having trouble conveying this because I have mixed feelings about it
But I don't like the way you're behaving. I'll change
To accommodate you as much as I can
Just be yourself. Okay. Good. I love you. What?
Brotherly love I've said in you all my love and well wishes it seems like you're going through a lot
I don't miss I missed a little bit of honesty
And you're not that he was honest. He's one of the biggest liars of all I miss not having to
I just don't like
I miss talking about sharks we can talk about sharks
Look, it doesn't just have to be a week you talk about sharks your whole life
Some people study sharks for their whole life and that could be you you can look at the wikipedia on sharks
We could watch baby shark
It all can happen
Just bring him back. I know you are him, but uh
This is ridiculous. It's just ridiculous to have to pantomime this. It's just you seem really upset and I wish I could help
But it seems like I can't
Seems like what we got to do is just get out of here for the day
Maybe what you need is a little bit of space. Yeah, maybe that is what I maybe I quit
But you're in first. I am I don't quit I
I'm gonna take it you quit it
Updating the score 97. I'm in fucking first fucking first. How did I make you feel bad for me for?
I wanted to win
Come on
How does my head look it looks nice. No, it looks bad. Yeah, you're gross
He's being gross
I'm uncomfortable. I don't want to I don't want to make this weird, but you're making me uncomfortable. What?
Just I think we should end the segment. You're making me a little uncomfortable. I did what we do
I'm not being kinky. I'm just uh, you know what just strike this front. Can we strike this one from the record?
It's live right now, but could we just delete the
It having happened. I don't think that's how it works, but I'm happy to not talk about this anymore. Okay. Let's just go with that
Okay, um
Look, I'm not saying that was weird, but
I'm just saying maybe maybe for now. Let's zoom out actually
Yeah, you can't it's fine. It's fine
It's just he's having marital problems and stuff. I don't know but congrats on your win and we all love movies and
I think the winner today here is the film
something
Let's see you soon
Everything's fine. Let's see you there a bit weird
Crumb's being a bit weird
Let's I guess munch is also being a bit weird. It's a toss up. Okay. Let's uh, see who's on
Already trending on tiktoks. Finally
Finally
Gina is on cast him is on
Horn between two worlds
But let's send you cast him's way
Because one of these days he's gonna he's gonna fall out into beating the game
He's gonna fall out of not beating it into crushing it finally for all of us
fly for partner
Oh, yeah
Then I'll be a real twitch boy. I guess it's been long enough. I guess I can
I wonder if they actually actually watch my stream if they'd be like
Whoa, that's a lot of stuff. They'd be like, this is too weird. This is too weird for us to support
Who knows then again? I have some pretty unsavory characters on that are sort of their top creators on this platform. So
Honestly a robot will see it either way and make whatever algorithmic decision it wants to
Uh, okay. Well, everybody have a great night. Enjoy some time with cast him
He's out here. He's out and he's out in the wastes doing the lord's work
I think I might unfortunately abandon fallout now that I realize that um
Elden rings expansion is coming out
I think that might be maybe we'll maybe we'll do a couple elden rings
Elden ring streams
To build up a character to tackle the expansion or something just because I am gonna want to play that game
I'm a bit of a dark of a dark souls head
But if I if I want well, I could play it with a character. I already have it's been so long. I feel like
I should re-engage the original content build it up for myself
So maybe we'll do that merely that on friday or something
It's a short game. I can just blast through it
I've seen people beat it in five seconds by teleporting across the map
And so the falling out with the falls out
Yeah, well, maybe we'll beat it someday
Maybe okay. Enjoy your enjoy some cast some time everybody. Thanks for hanging out
Thanks for being amongst the net and we'll see you later. Bye. Bye
They're gone
Now I can tell you what's really going on with crumb
Just kidding. I can't it's a secret. Okay. Bye everybody