Whoa, no transition today.
Straight to it!
Boom!
Oh no, what does that mean?
Are any of them working?
Let's do a little test.
Oh no, they're not.
What has happened to all of my beautiful transitions?
I feel so nude without them.
Hmm, I don't know.
There's no telling.
Today, we will do exactly barely functional news.
A sick, transition-less news show.
What can you do?
Can I still zoom in on myself?
I can still zoom!
Boom.
Nevermind, everything's good to go.
Ahem.
Who is that?
Who is who?
What are you guys even talking about?
Everything's normal.
Everything's totally normal.
Anywho.
Fiona's dog, did you mess up the transition?
I don't think so.
Good to be here, Fiona's dog.
You saw a ghost?
I see ghosts all the time.
All dogs can see every ghost.
That's why we're so,
we just kind of have no choice but to resign to it
and be happy.
Because we're surrounded by swirling specters!
That's why I'd like to be a dog.
I didn't know that.
Ghosts can, dogs can see all ghosts.
Fun fact for the day.
Okay, good to see everybody.
Do a weird start today.
Me immediately complaining about tech issues as usual.
Good to see a fan of Spaceman's reaching Jay Money.
Of course, Daedalus.
The destructive one.
Oh yeah.
Junk Dog.
Gearless Joe, no mad.
And to daddy, Huey Keeler.
Good to see you all.
Um, scanning Stormburn, Greg, to you.
I love it.
I love it all, baby.
MSG, 1138.
I love read names, Reverie Wolf.
Oh yeah.
Eh, there's stuff going on in the world probably, right?
Henry Kissinger, everybody's favorite.
Possible mass murderer.
Possible in Minecraft.
Dead, at 600 years old.
I was hoping to make it to seven.
But what can you do, you know?
Sometimes you think they're immortal.
And then it turns out, not so much.
Remakes sense with Fiona's dog, ASAP?
Tempting.
Very tempting.
Cause it can see all the dead people, apparently.
But speaking of people that are debatably alive.
Let's see what's going on with one of our correspondents.
Let's give frickin' Liliana over at the desk.
She hasn't been here in a minute.
Liliana, thanks for joining us.
Wow, everything's just bumping straight to me today.
Okay, well, I am here.
It's me, it's Liliana.
Let's go to see you all.
It's wild to see all the blow-hards kissing Kissinger's ass.
Such a big, I mean, you know my stance.
I am in mourning, cause that was, for my tastes,
the most power daddy you can get.
Oh, you're giving me your sweet bitties deep inside.
Michael, thank you so much in my time of mourning
for supporting me.
Even Kissinger, have you seen a recent photo of him?
Seen a recent photo?
I've seen a recent straight shot down the hole,
if you know what I mean.
Oh, wait, not like yesterday recent, but you know.
I mean, look at him.
He looked great.
And I'm glad that they found such a flattering photo of him
over here on the intercept.
Got to see you of the intercept for this headline.
Henry Kissinger, top US diplomat responsible
for millions of deaths, dies at 100.
Can't you just, doesn't that just get you going?
I don't understand your kink.
I don't think it counts as a kink, Liliana.
I mean, if I've, if I feel it,
if my ovaries are juiced, then it's sexy.
Your ovaries are juiced.
Can we just keep it a little more PG today?
Okay, PG-13.
I don't think you can say whatever you just said
in the PG-13 movie.
It's exactly Greener Sam.
War criminals is the ultimate bad boys.
Can you picture this guy on a motorcycle?
He'd probably have to be in the sidecar
and have like an attendant driving him around.
And that sidecar would need an IV,
but that just adds to it.
He's such a bad boy.
He's not even supposed to be alive.
And he's been jammed into the sidecar
of a motorcycle in this fantasy.
I don't know, Lily.
I just, I can't follow you.
I can't follow you down this dark path you're traveling.
It's too, it's too gross for me to think about.
Well, look, one man's gross
is another high-powered news woman's absolute fantasy.
And I just have to say, you know,
gone, never forgotten,
saved it in the FAP folder.
All of our encounters.
What?
Can we just read the story?
Okay.
Also, you could probably use that too late.
Well, now it's too late,
but you probably could have,
you know, use that for political capital.
And who says I didn't?
Okay, a few people have a hand in as much death
and destruction as them.
And as much human suffering in so many places
around the world as Henry Kissinger.
Talk dirty to me, intercept.
Oh my God, this is the worst kink I've ever heard,
Lilliana.
And what's our, no kink shaming.
So, shut up.
Okay, keep, can you at least keep reading?
I knew who Henry Kissinger,
National Security Advisor and Secretary of State,
an absolute smoke show.
He has died.
He's died at 100, 100 years young.
I really thought he had another 20 in him.
I thought he was gonna be like one of those guys
they find in New York that survived off nothing,
but like bacon, fat and beer.
And somehow they're 125.
Because I've seen this man eat
and it's a diet you wouldn't,
I can't actually reveal,
because it's a state secret.
I knew who facilitated genocides in Cambodia,
East Timor and Bangladesh,
accelerated civil wars in Southern Africa
and supported coups and death squads
throughout Latin America.
He hides a blood of at least three million people
on his hands, according to biographer Greg Grandin,
who I didn't know was into adult erotica.
They just said biographer Liliana.
Oh, I thought we were reading a steamy introduction.
I was ready for like a pirate to show up
and be like, you all got to go on my ship Henry, you know?
This is all real.
He really was involved in a bunch of state decisions
that led to massive death tolls,
or at least contributed.
Okay, a 2023 investigation by the Intercept Fund
that Kissinger perhaps the most powerful
national security fires in American history
as a chief US architect of war policy
in Southeast Asia from 1969 to 1975.
And everybody loves 1969.
I know it's classic year for art and war crimes.
Was responsible for more civilian death
in Cambodia's and was previously known
according to an executive archive
of US military documents on the field
was Cambodian survivors and American witnesses.
What will we do without Henry Kissinger
and his magical murder bag?
Exactly, like a murderous fritz the cat showing up,
pulling infinite tricks out of his doom pouch.
And those tricks were usually,
sure I'll support this guy who's saying
he's gonna commit genocide.
How's that like fritz the cat?
They're both old.
Okay, I know who.
The intercept is closed previously unpublished,
unreported and underappreciated evidence
of hundreds of civilian casualties
that were kept secret during the war
or made almost entirely unknown to the American people.
Kissinger bore significant responsibility
for his attacks in Cambodia.
So it killed as many as 150,000 civilians
up to six times more known combatants
since the United States has killed an airstrike since 9-11.
So if anything, you can take that as a slow march of progress.
We're not killing nearly as many people
if that's your thing.
That should be everybody's thing Liliana.
I mean, I'm not saying I'm turned on by the death.
I'm turned on by the power.
And the deaths are just an expression of that.
That's horrible.
Sorry, no kink shaming.
There we go.
Born Heinz Alfred Kissinger in first Germany
on May 27th, 1923, he immigrated to the United States in 1938.
Among a web of nodules flings and all the oppression,
Kissinger became a U.S. citizen in 1943.
And sometimes, okay, now it's getting around
a bunch of weeds here.
Wow, they really, they must have had this shit locked
and loaded.
This is a pretty long article
since they dropped right after he died.
Kissinger married Anne Fleischer, lucky lovely lady,
very generous in sharing him.
The two were divorced in 1964.
Was there, God, that's part of why?
In 1974, he married Nancy Maggins,
Vara, generous in sharing him.
He is survived by his wife, two children
from his first marriage, Elizabeth and David,
and five grandchildren who, of course,
are also approaching, you know, 80 and 70
and, you know, really, obviously,
was such proud lineage, very sexy.
What's a murder boner called when a female gets one?
Um, as they call it,
unclearing the swamp in DC Pollards.
Unclearing the swamp?
Yeah, flooding the swamp, actually.
And my swamp's been flooded so many times
by this absolute
police, not in the sheets and not on the streets,
but behind closed doors, a real power daddy.
Not sexually, incredibly frail sexually.
Again, that's mocking, but you know,
you just look at this desiccated body,
barely clinging to life and you're like,
how did you manage the force of will
to do so much damage when you're just a disgusting,
gnome-like vestige of humanity?
And then you just get going, you know, from this guy.
Okay, I really get it, Lily, I get it.
I mean, I don't get it, but I definitely track
what you're apparently attracted to.
Perfect, okay, we were half convinced
that nothing was always beyond the capacity
of this remarkable man.
ABC News, Ted Copeland, said in 1974 documentary,
describing Kissinger as the most admired man in America,
you know, because he got all that XP
from all those murders.
Now he was a level 199 American.
That's not how murder works.
You don't get XP.
Tell us that to ABC,
because that's the thing is the most respected
and I mean, who are you to argue?
You're just some guy on Twitch.
Never lose Nixon Kissinger
and the illusion of national security.
That's by Carolyn Eisenberg,
who praised him for his wit and geniality
and his master of illusions, apparently,
from that headline.
He had disturbed personality
and was unbelievably adolescent.
He admitted he was egotistical,
but he was far beyond that, she tells the intercept.
He was, in many respects, very much stuck at age 14.
His opportunity to, sorry, American ones,
his opportunism was boundless.
His need to be important, to be a celebrity, was gigantic.
God, just, whoa, so sexy, he's so needy and destructive.
Kissinger turns ladies to that swamp
over his trousers, never ending story.
Exactly, there's like seven unicorns
dying inside me right now, reading this
and all of them are just like, ooh.
As the little boy's like, no.
Sexy, I don't, okay, I take it back.
I don't understand your kink at all.
He was, in many respects, very much,
it's okay, we just run that.
Okay, he was awarded with the presidential medal
of freedom, America's highest civilian award,
a totally decorated career,
worshiped by many of the politicians
at the highest levels, right until his death,
so I'll just go ahead and summarize that.
In his 2001 book, Length Endightment,
it's a trial of Henry Kissinger.
Christopher Hitchens called for Kissinger's prosecution
for war crimes, for crimes against humanity,
for offenses against common
and customary international law,
including conspiracy to commit murder,
kidnap and torture from Argentina, Bangladesh, Chile,
and East Timor to Cambodia, Laos, Uruguay, and Vietnam,
an absolute globe-destriting demon of destruction.
Wow, Crumb's going to look like that in 50 years.
Sorry, I just, I had to zone out
and read chat instead of this.
Oh, I already read that.
Love to put it on the camera.
Liliana's catchphrase should be
you can drown a horse in my pants,
but depends if I'm like an OPEC meeting or something,
and probably OPEC, yeah.
How do you feel about Pinochet Liliana?
A pole-pot?
I'm less familiar.
But, absolute horrific murder, daddies.
Okay, since when is it murder, daddies?
I thought it was a more innocent love of power.
What's more of an expression of power
than ruling the country by brutal force?
Okay, Liliana, I might have to cut you off for the day.
I might have to cut you off
for following your kink to its logical extremes.
Anuho, gets your nose repeatedly fatted
about his 100th birthday in May 2023.
A black tie gala at the New York Public Library
was attended by Blinken.
Power, Biden's CIA director, William J. Burns,
disgraced former CIA director
and four-star general, David Petraeus.
And to be clear, not disgraced for all the murder he did,
mostly for cheating.
Oh yeah, I forgot that he was disgraced for infidelity.
Yeah, and everybody else,
the New England Patriots owner, Robert Kraft,
former New York City mayor, Mike Bloomberg,
former Google CEO, Eric Schmidt,
and Catholic Archbishop of New York,
Timothy M. Dolan, among other luminaries.
I would just like to point out,
you're acting like I'm crazy,
but how does these mainstream people
openly celebrate his 100th birthday?
Very popular.
I think you're actually in the minority opinion
that he's not an absolute sex beast.
Okay, I can see how you're saying
that he's still accepted by a lot of mainstream figures
as a reasonable figure, but then the last thing,
no, nobody thought that.
Tells that to Robert Kraft,
owner of the New England Patriots,
because we talked about it.
We're like, goddamn, he hasn't lost a step.
He's still just as sexy as I ever.
Again, just check the receipts.
Hmm, yeah, daddy.
They tried to play him by picking this picture,
but it just, it works for him.
You can't take a bad picture of Kissinger.
Well, I bet now you could.
Is that so?
You're being gross.
I'm being gross?
Can you, let's just skip to the last paragraph.
Let's see how they send this thing home.
Okay, it's too late, of course,
to put Kissinger in the dark now,
but we can still have a reckoning
with his role in atrocities abroad.
Broadly towards the intercept.
Indeed, his death ought to trigger a full airing
of U.S. supporters for abuses around the world
during the Cold War, and since,
maybe even a truce commission
to establish a historical record,
promote a measure of accountability,
and if the United States are ready to all apologize
or acknowledge our misdeeds,
as we have done in places like Guatemala and Iran,
to foster reconciliation as a country
where people suffered the abuses.
And it's fun to read that last part
because it gets me going in the other sense.
Well, I know those things will never happen.
We'll never apologize, it would be no reckoning.
He got away with it.
He's like it's the end of Ocean's 11,
but if instead of watching a big fountain,
you know, go off, you just sort of died
and went to hell, but probably sexy hell.
Well, I don't know.
If such a thing exists,
he's certainly earned a spot.
Pop draft pick.
Absolutely.
Sexy hell, yeah.
Well, you know, cause there's just so many
sexy power daddies there.
And you know, if you're liking to hell raise the stuff,
plain for pleasure.
Okay, Lily on it.
I think we get it.
Sorry to show I could keep talking.
I think I think I'm good.
Just found out that Hamas released the 12 year old
that hadn't captivity from our city.
They still have his dad though.
Take any good news.
It has been somewhat edifying to see
some hostage transfers happening.
Yeah, they extended the ceasefire one day,
although it's also been violated a lot,
but it's been good to see people getting out.
Had some concerns that if you're a Palestinian hostage
who is transferred out,
you might just be immediately re-arrested.
So that's just a worry.
Um,
reminds me of that one clash song where they said
it's Adolf Hitler flew in today.
They'd send him, have you seen anyway?
Yeah.
You're at least not into him.
No, I just don't like that mustache.
That's the deal breaker.
I mean, it's just like silly locker.
You just ran out of cream.
That can't be the only thing.
I thought he had bad breath.
Okay, can't all be aesthetics and sensory.
What else is that?
All right.
Well, Liliana, thanks for whatever this was.
I'd say sorry for your loss, but I'm not so hateful.
Me?
Yeah, you.
He had a good, I mean, he had a long run.
You know, he wasn't here for a good time.
He was here for a long time,
but all long things must come to an end.
And his wasn't long.
It was stubby, my relatable and trivial.
Okay, Liliana, thanks again.
We'll have you back on in another three weeks.
Until then, I'm sorry, you're cut off.
You're cut off, Liliana.
Oh, I think I see what's happened.
Wait, sorry.
Scene.
Oh, my scene transition got deleted.
That's why it's not working.
Is that exciting for you to hear, Liliana?
No, it's not just all very boring and unnecessary.
Okay, well, yeah, smoke teleportation.
The transition of the future.
Damn, non-notification.
Well, all he missed was Liliana
just saying some real psychotic shit.
But anyway, Henry Kissinger's dead.
He didn't make it.
He didn't make it.
Oh, I can't believe it.
Oh, maybe that's who's buying all the goods
in Lethal Company.
It's just Henry Kissinger behind that hole in the wall.
I'm curious what the plot of that game is.
I can tell that they're trying to sneak a plot in there.
Maybe it was CM Punk.
Kissinger was like,
See, I'm punk, wouldn't have a return to the WWE.
Why, I had a word freeze over first
or however he sounded.
He heered, cult of personality.
Straight into the grave.
Boom, slams the arms down, shh, falls back.
Perfect, 90 degrees, slam into the ground,
corp'sed by CM Punk.
It is a little too round of a number,
isn't it, Reverie Wolf?
Just feels a little too tidy,
like his time was up due to some sort of external dealings.
But probably he was just old and died.
Or, I mean, maybe we should check
how good at the fiddle he was when he was like 11.
Maybe he was an 11 year old fiddle prodigy.
And then, it's just so easy to make a deal,
if you know what I mean.
Devil went down to Eastern Europe.
All right, Kissinger's soul entered CM Punk.
Yeah, that's why he delivered such a
somewhat unexciting promo, which I did watch.
I'm home, guys.
I'm home.
Boom, I never changed the loop music.
This is the loop music that's home.
Now, we just have to get the folks responsible
for the three million dead civilians
during the Iraq war to croak.
Unfortunately, how old is Bush?
Maybe they all made the same deal.
Got away to another 30 years?
How old is, how old is young Bush?
George W. Age, 77.
We just got 23 more years.
23 more years of his incredible paintings,
clearing out brush on the ranch.
And then, I don't know,
whatever other wrestling figure is controversial at the time,
we'll make a return to WWE.
And then, Bush has to, boom, clunk.
Although, really, I guess you could argue Cheney
would be the more exciting power broker
to see just get absolutely wasted.
Grand Theft Auto style.
I do love the idea of when all these guys die.
The last thing they see
is just the big block techs from Grand Theft Auto.
Wasted.
Be careful Googling young Bush.
Oh, don't tempt me for all that.
After talking to Liliana for that long,
how could I resist?
Let's do another story.
Let's do a story that's less about, you know,
old murderer kind of ultimately getting away with it.
Doctor explains what no nut November does to a penis.
And we've already talked about no nut November so much.
Can I keep talking about it?
Some group techs exploding.
Exposure to widely used insecticides decreases sperm count.
I don't need all this sperm anyway.
Too much of it.
Oh, Brian, I had an update on Brian Johnson.
There was a masturbation world record somewhere on here.
And I don't know what that means.
I am curious, of course.
I see certain words I can't help but click.
Ah, man trying to, okay, here's our next story.
That first story, not our top story.
Our top story of the day, whatever this is.
Boom.
Also, I wonder what happened to my scene transition.
Let me see if I can fix that real quick.
Just listen to this hot track really quick
while I try to fix my busted ass scene transition.
Eh, okay.
Will this do it?
We can only hope.
Come on, come on.
Okay, this might be it.
Okay, theoretically, this should have fixed it.
Assuming I spilled everything right.
Let's see.
Is it fixed?
No, oh, there it is.
It is kind of fixed.
Liliana's just hanging out in that room though.
Odd behavior from Liliana today.
Very weird behavior from Miss Liliana.
Liliana, you still there?
Okay, now we know.
It's back.
We're back, baby.
Oh, shit, I actually'm not sure if we're back.
Liliana, just one more time, are you still there?
Yes.
Okay, good to know.
He splooshed looking at Randy Orton's
roided masterpiece of a body.
Randy Orton has become insanely ripped in his time away.
If anybody is unfamiliar with wrestling,
Randy Orton is just a sexy kind of evil guy.
I wonder if I can, Randy Orton return body.
What happens when I Google that?
Yeah, dude, this guy's looking swole.
Let's just show off the fucking bod for a second.
Shit, you guys are gonna want to see, oh my God.
Look at the fucking, is that, is that Royds?
Is this like a distended Royds stomach?
He just looks crazy for even him.
I think he's in his 40s now.
He was never like normal looking, you know,
certainly compared to Usmere Mortals,
but that's a lubed up muscle daddy right there.
I'm just saying, I mean, are you really gonna deny it?
Speaking of not denying things, thank you to CV loves you,
TamTran, EntaDaddy, Street Marine,
and I Worship Shadow are top underwriters.
Ooh, and of course, bees, Scott Max,
Endless Soup and Salad, whose name is so powerful,
it's going off that screen up there.
Farty Cakes and Novel 15286,
for being our recent subs,
and Microphone 904, the constant and impressive support.
That looks natural-ish to me, Lil,
not bubbly, like the other people I do.
I can't tell, I mean, he's definitely,
I mean, if you're a pro wrestler, oops, why not?
When in Rome?
Oh, maybe that's really bad.
Maybe I'm saying something actually really awful,
because it could kill them.
But I can imagine if I was in this industry,
there's a chance I would have at least attempted it
at some point.
Or maybe not, I am pretty lazy.
I subbed bees when we were grabbing beehives
to sell for big cash.
Oh yeah, later today, probably pretty soon actually.
I'm gonna be rocking some lethal company with Fiona,
whenever she texted me that she wants to go.
So we might have to cut off the news at that point.
Could it be exercise and creatine?
Yeah, I don't know.
He's always been ripped,
but now he's taken it up a notch.
And it gives us, it gives all of us aging guys hope
that maybe we, maybe we too,
can become big old muscle day.
Boom.
All right, let's cover another story.
Let's talk about more important, very important news.
Yeah, he's bulky.
Yeah, he used to be a little more spelt,
but I think he's pulling off the pole.
Anyway, from one pervert to another,
though a less murder obsessed pervert,
which I find more comforting, honestly.
I can relate to that.
I can relate to Chet's perverseness a little more.
I'm sure he wants to talk about jerking off,
so let's welcome to the desk, Chet.
Obviously, I'm multifaceted,
but if you need, if you absolutely insist,
I do happen to know a thing or two
about masturbation records.
Not to brag, but you know how like,
there's probably been a world record speed run
of a certain video game
that the guy just, or Gail just didn't record?
That's how I feel personally about,
I would call it my masturbation expertise.
You're proud of it?
I mean, if you're good at something,
why not be proud of it?
Wear it loud and proud,
except I don't wear it loud.
I just wear it proud.
Masturbation that is.
Yeah, you know, you're tracking.
Anywho, man trying to break masturbation,
what the fuck?
World record has specific approach to self-pleasure,
and he ain't even done it yet.
We're almost out of November.
I've transitioned from no-nut November
to almost never stop nutting November.
I appreciate that you're not
doing whatever that is currently.
Well, the rest period is part of it.
I thought you said it was only no-nut November
or all-nut November.
I'm experimenting with a new month.
November is now a new month
because of your masturbation habit.
I think I've changed the whole month of.
Destroy Dick December.
That's gonna be a challenge
after what I've been doing
for the last couple of weeks of November.
For anyone who's not tracking,
Chet was very insistent
that no-nut November is an important thing.
Then he lost it on stream,
which might be why I didn't make partner, by the way, Chet.
That could be your fault.
Let's be real, you were never gonna make partner.
I honestly don't know
because I don't get how the process works
or what the qualifications are,
but I have to imagine if anyone from Twitch
watched my stream,
they'd probably be pretty upset that I was,
that there was certain members of this network
constantly screaming about coming
or just apparently doing it on stream.
What?
E2 Brutae?
That's not the right quote in this context.
I can't come, Caesar.
That's not a quote.
Someone probably said that.
Let's be real.
He was alive for many years.
A lot of people probably came around him.
Probably somebody was like,
I can't come, Caesar.
But in Latin, so it was probably like,
come is no miss, Caesar?
That you don't,
I guess nobody speaks Latin, exactly.
It's a dead language until I resurrected with excellence.
All right, look, we got to talk about this.
There's a story to cover.
This is a news network.
A man claimed he was attempting to achieve
the world record for time spent masturbating
and his self-pleasure or approach is very specific.
And I'm all ears.
I'm all ears and thumbs.
The double grip.
That's a move.
I don't think it is, but fine.
Drake Hardy is a 40-year-old bisexual man
who said he was attempting to undergo
the longest period of time masturbating
during a 2018 interview.
The claim to beat is
Missinobu Seitos,
nine hour, 33 minutes, nine hours, 33 minutes.
Recognized by the center of sex and culture,
way back in 2009.
I feel like there's fucking teenagers
smashing that record all around the country right now.
Nine hours and 30 minutes, that's a lot of time.
That's a full, that's a full work day with overtime.
I mean, not anymore because everybody basically works
like 12-hour days with no overtime.
But in the 90s, that would be a full work day
with overtime.
It's under time for me, dude.
Those are fucking rookie numbers.
I swear to God, I was crushing that shit at 12.
To exactly rate, uh, Ray Silva.
Not, I'm supposed to be impressed.
It's like fucking somebody running the Olympics,
smashing the world record of the 100 meters in 10 minutes.
I think nine hours of jerking off is a long time.
That's my claim, that's a lot.
I don't challenge anyone to do that.
I think it might be a bad idea.
Also, do you have to stay hard the whole time?
Isn't there like a, keep reading.
I think we need more details, okay?
Interesting, the record is a part
of the San Francisco Establishments Annual
Masterbatathon fundraiser.
I am gonna click on this hyperlink.
Okay, seems safe.
The latest charity news and breaking stories from Ladbible.
Oh, okay.
It linked us to Ladbible,
where they've never stopped masturbating
for even a minute, crushing all the records.
Plus, you have to have a ref there the whole time.
That would just get me fucking worked up.
Now it's a team sport.
The ref there would get you worked up.
I mean, that's fine.
You got no kink shaming policy.
It's not a kink.
At that point, it's about the record, man.
You and the ref, you're in a sacred union of trust.
And you know that he's gonna call you out.
He's calling it straight down the line.
He's making sure that that line's straight
for nine plus hours.
Sexy ref, I don't even care.
It ain't about sex.
Jerking off for nine hours isn't about sex.
It's about, it's about excellence.
Okay.
Anywho, interestingly, the record is a part
of the San Francisco establishment's annual masturbate.
Okay, I read that.
The latter, what?
Is it latter?
Later?
Ladder?
You just said both.
Now I don't know.
The latter event simultaneously raises money
for various charities, dispels self-pleasure shame
and contributes to various debates about safer sex
by engaging in some high-wire, dangerous as shit sex.
Fucking straight 12-hour boner,
which I'm in support of.
Hardy, a master's graduate in physical sciences,
claimed he had already beat the record.
I bet he was beating it.
That's not even a, you didn't even have to say anything, man.
It's not even a joke.
Man, it has no taste.
I mean, he beat, it's so hard to read.
He beat the record.
God damn.
But did it all away from Prying Eyes?
Which I mean, so again, how do you,
unless there's a video and a ref watching that video,
how are you even supposed to trust this?
Speaking of manual magazine,
at the time he said, I knew I could beat it.
This article's hilarious.
If the word beats gonna get you every time,
I don't know how we're gonna make it through this.
We're not.
I'm gonna have to laugh and I might die laughing.
I've been getting lightheaded lately from laughing.
That's a bad sign shot, are you?
Still taking that cryptotine or whatever?
Crypto creatine, absolutely.
The only creatine linked to your crypto wallet?
I still don't get how that works.
Exactly, because you're not an early adapter like me.
I drink at least two spoonfuls of cryptotine a day.
Let's not explain this too much.
Okay, actually, I beat the record by myself
without a witness.
I figured there's a world record for something
I haven't been pretty good at and have a chance of beating.
He added, so he's already done it.
Again, but I've argued millions of teenage boys
and maybe ladies too.
How come ladies can't get in on this?
I think this is unfortunately a gendered record here
in this case.
This is the male category of jerking off.
All right, I'm just saying I feel like a lady
could crush it easily because it's so hard to prove
if they're even, you know, you just kind of,
you could just kind of like, what?
You could, you know, like 12 days.
12 days, it's like fucking sanding off a doorknob
at that point.
Jesus Christ, man.
Really?
I mean, probably not, that's not it.
That's what I just said is inaccurate.
And the who?
Hardy claims he can masturbate for a total of 10 hours
and 10 minutes and offered readers
his tried and tested tips for lasting longer.
Okay, now we're getting to the good stuff.
Speaking of the publication, he explains he first gets
in the mood by putting on some music and sit lighting.
Okay, let's get this going.
What do you get?
What going?
A little mood music.
Maybe we turn on a couple of little lights,
if you know what I mean.
Mood music.
Little, what?
Little Christmas jazz.
You masturbate to Christmas jazz?
It's Christmas time.
Okay, and now a little mood lighting.
That one I'm less sure how to do.
Let's see, just gonna add a little mood lighting real quick.
The mood is real.
The mood is lit.
I just put on some sexual lighting.
What the fuck?
How are our studio lights even doing that?
I'm in the mood now.
The mood is erotic.
I mean, I'm impressed.
You should be.
You bought a very expensive studio.
We got strong purple lights, you know?
You're hard to look at right now.
And I'm gonna be hard to stop.
I'm gonna be, I was trying to say
why I'm gonna be hard.
But I guess I won't jerk off here.
I'm just walking, we're following through on the steps.
We can't follow through on all the steps.
Well, let's see what the other steps are.
This is a time to focus on pleasuring me, he explained.
And that's so important, fellas.
Time to be champion.
The to be champion also claimed that sex toys
help extend his marathons' ceasings.
It's work to go beyond six hours,
but I strive to keep it pleasurable.
And that's admirable because I'm assuming
after about hour four, it's more of an endurance test.
I won't continue if I'm not receiving pleasure.
And I certainly stop if it becomes painful.
Well, now he sounds like a quitter.
Flying purple penis, Peter.
Oh, shit.
You think I should start an only fans under that?
Um, sure?
All right.
I mean, maybe not if I have to do anything.
So lazy, you won't even set it up for me?
No, but I look so good right now.
You're just so purple, man.
Can we turn, can we change these lights?
You know, dog, don't touch dial.
We gotta finish these steps.
Leave the mood lighting on.
It's just hitting you so specifically.
And I look good.
Okay.
While he does advocate for people,
doesn't advocate for people masturbating
for an insane, any insane length of time,
the 2B record holder did say he wanted people
to focus on pleasuring themselves more.
Don't just make yourself come in five minutes
because you're horny, you're watching crime.
Focus on pleasuring yourself
and finding out what turns you on and what he is good.
This is a good advice.
He also admitted to keep up momentum while masturbating.
He often allows his erection to become a partial too many.
Too many, too many, too many, too many, too many say-ons.
Too many say-ons, too many say-ons, too many say-ons.
That is a wild thing to call a partial too many say-ons.
Is he gonna say he loses the erection?
Again, I kind of wonder what the rules are here.
So he's letting himself soften up.
He's getting half-bricked.
A partial too many say-ons, if you will.
Since when is an erection a too many?
A too many say-ons?
Too many say-ons.
Can I, microphone 900 says,
can I stop nutting when I stop nutting November ends?
It's like dust clouds now.
Yeah, that's the, and congratulations
for not falling off the wagon.
Although I'm sure seeing me like this
might be getting you going.
Again, I would love to set the lighting back to normal
and thank you for not hitting me with your light.
Well, I'm very specific in, you know, my lighting choices.
Too mess since purple, we have a new Crayola color.
Look, here's a whole rainbow of colors for you.
All of these to protect your too messy, too, too missons.
He also admitted to keep a, oh yeah, the way I read that.
He admitted that resting his bits in this manner
can sometimes be risky
and said that it often leads to losing momentum,
that all important momentum.
Honestly, I feel like I've become
like a perpetual motion machine.
Like maybe they should strike me up
to like a Hoover dam or something.
I can create infinite energy the way that I get going.
The cream team needs to go all for this masturbation record
if they really want to be the cream team.
I just think it's fucked up
that this guy isn't using a ref.
He's letting himself get half hard.
I think you need to be rocked.
I think you need to be bricked for the full period.
I think you lose even one flick scale of hardness
than disqualification.
You're going by like classic rules.
You're going by the Scottish system
of masturbation measurements.
The Scottish system, the classic Scottish,
you're checking the stones.
That's weight.
No, it's also used for jerking off in Scotland
when they compete.
That's why they all wore kilts all the time
so that they'd have easy access to challenge each other.
It's like two stags meeting in the field.
This is the ancient Scottish technique.
They'd come, they'd lift up the kilts
and they'd see who could last longer.
And the strongest masturbator among them was King
and he almost never stopped.
None of that was true.
Where did you hear that?
I think middle school.
From a teacher?
No, from my friend Kyle.
You have a friend named Kyle too?
Yeah, of course.
I was so focused that the next thing I knew
was I was ready to quit and it was 10 hours.
This is just gooning, I would also like to point out.
Gooning, no, gooning is cheating.
Gooning is cheating.
If you need a video to keep yourself bricked
that's telling you the time countdown and stuff,
I just mean from what I've heard,
there's like 12 hour gooning videos.
Yeah, but they might be taking water breaks
and this guy's not.
He might be becoming a partial tomb,
tumies, tombies science, two messians, two messians.
Currently working barely informed for 13 months.
Thank you, we are currently working.
I'm working hard right now.
I'm done at the news factory covering the stories that matter.
Resisting the urge to masturbate
because I'm in mood lighting
and I got this sexy music playing.
This is sexy, this is sexual music
and I'm rocking.
Anyway, I gotta finish the story.
Stop interrupting me.
I swear, you're stopping yourself constantly.
Like everyone does here.
And I learned it from watching you.
The first time I did 10 hours,
I remember looking at the clock.
So I was about six and thought,
okay, just a little more and I'm done.
I was so focused that the next thing I knew,
I was ready, okay, I did read that already.
The true reason is that he can inspire people
to have open and honest sexual freedom, of course.
He admitted that when he was younger,
he was taught that pleasuring yourself sexually
was sinful and something to be ass-hammed of.
I want to share my experiences with others
in the hope that their journey to sexual freedom
can be shorter, better informed and more open and honest
with themselves and others.
And that's beautiful.
Are you forgetting how to read in real time?
What?
Okay, look, I guess let's turn,
can we switch the lights back?
So much less sex in here.
And let's turn down this beautiful music and find out.
Now I'm not masturbating.
What?
I mean, now I won't.
What?
Okay, so what did we learn?
In summary, mood music, mood lighting,
allow it to become a partial time scene.
Who messes?
Let your dick get a little soft but not all the way
or that's a disqualification.
And never let it not feel good, which I disagree with.
That is where I'm gonna take issue
with that portion of this tale, this tale of this news tale.
You gotta, look, winners don't quit.
Can I get some fucking look?
Winners never fucking stop.
They don't take no, even from themselves as an answer.
Or ant war, what's that saying?
And basically, if you wanna be excellent,
you have to be willing to sacrifice.
And sometimes the thing you're sacrificing
is all the skin on your penis.
But skin is like a coral reef
in that it grows back real quick.
So ride your ski dues over your own coral reef penis
and destroy it, but let it come back stronger.
That's not only the American dream.
That's the man's show's dream.
And what I'm trying to say is jerk off for a long time
if that's what you're trying to do.
And God bless all of you and God bless America.
And I believe in yourself
and I know you're probably jerking off right now
and never stop if that's your dream.
Never quit jerking
Oh, again, oh, jerk it off.
Okay, can we count that as your sign off?
Oh yeah, that was my sign off.
Oh, okay, anyway, thanks for being here, Chet.
And thanks to us.
All right, yeah, we'll have you back real soon.
Sorry, teleport again.
Wow.
Then we never stop coming.
On this stream, basically, yes,
I'd say it's about half of what I talk about.
And we don't.
We never did for even a second.
Okay, it's Thursday.
And that used to mean something.
You know what it used to mean specifically?
It used to mean that it's trailer Thursday.
And I don't know when Fiona wants to play this game.
But an easy segment to bail on at any time
is watching trailers.
I say we watch some with our boy Trent,
who I've been told has some very cold ramen
that he's trying to eat.
So he might do that while we watch trailers.
Let's send it over to him.
Also, there's a movie review.
Someone linked to today for a film called,
a film, capital F, called Obliterated,
which apparently is bad.
So maybe he'll take a look at that too.
Either way, he's at the movies
and who I'm talking about is Trent.
So let's send it to him.
Send it to him.
Oh my God, I got the hiccups today.
I hope Trent doesn't.
It's Trent at the movies.
What the hell, where's my fire transition?
Did that die too?
Yo, that's fitting to piss me off.
No fucking fire transition for me all day.
It's really not need a young blood, it's fine.
Not everything needs to be a perfect transition or whatever.
I'm just like, what the hell happened?
What happened to my transition?
Again, it's just watch some trailers.
All right, anyway, I'm Trent.
I'm off to a fucking piss start
because I ain't seen no flames, which is in my rider.
You don't have a rider, young blood, you.
Weirdly are doing this as community service.
I've explained it too many times,
but you kind of have to put up with whatever.
Oh my God.
My rider is being disrespected.
I'm a good rider, so it's fucked up.
All right, look, there's trailers and shit.
Apparently there's a terrible film
that some haters hating on.
Sometimes when I see something getting hated on,
my instinct as like a hero is to rush to its defense.
So it's a film called Obliterated.
You know what, let's do this.
Let's watch the trailer for Obliterated.
And then let's read a little sampling of this review.
We'll see if we think it's fair.
Then we'll get into some more actual trailers
because this is a thing that's already out.
What even is this?
Hey, stop, stop this music.
Stop it, I need to watch the thing.
I need it.
It's off, it's off.
I'm so thrown because there's no fire transition for me.
It's fucking with my whole game.
Your game's too easy to fuck with in you.
Look, let's watch the trailer for Obliterated.
You can currently watch it on Netflix.
Apparently it's terrible.
But what if it's not?
Let's be fair and find out.
Oh my God, no fire transition.
It's so quiet.
Oh, it's muted.
Two, one, let's finish this.
This looks like an action on.
Get me out of here.
Who has one thumb and just saved Las Vegas?
This guy.
That mother.
We just saved Vegas.
And if the world knew what we did here today,
they'd want us to party like the rock stars we are.
Are you feeling it?
Oh, I'm feeling it.
Are you feeling it?
Hmm.
And it was a fake.
We still have the five killer city will be obliterated.
See, this is why I don't drink.
Oh, good for you, Paul.
We should all be so fucking boring.
Did you hit something?
Of course not.
What the?
No, I don't care.
I'm not stopping.
We are.
Yes.
We're still the best in the game.
Let's do it.
Make one move and I'll blow you, motherfuckers.
Oh, shit.
Away.
I got that one.
I have a clean shot.
Even though I am half drunk and he is fully drunk and high,
we're the only people on the planet who can keep it from getting blown to hell.
Oh, shit.
We believe he was drugged.
Any idea what drugs they gave him?
All of them.
Dude.
He's throwing me every time.
I mean, what's not to love?
That lady said, I'm going to blow you guys.
She's like, it's not even what she meant, but she said it.
And also there was an old guy doing drugs.
Anybody else noticed that?
Am I crazy?
Am I taking crazy pills?
To me, that's hilarious.
An old guy doing drugs.
So if I were to rip a fat line of coke right now, you'd laugh.
Well, are you actually going to do that?
Holy shit, Chris.
I didn't know you were so cool.
I'm not young, but I'm saying it's not funny.
I got to deviate it's not from cocaine.
It'd be very dangerous for me to do it.
Aggravate the whole condition of my nose.
You got to take it easy.
Exactly.
Greener sand.
Take it easy, old blood.
Wait, I'm old blood.
I'm not doing coke.
Why would you get me all fucking hyped up for you to do coke and be hilarious?
Why is that funny?
Dangerous for an aging heart?
Uncased itself in amphetamines?
What's that?
Amphetamines?
What?
Amphetamines?
Kids in a trench coat, con Netflix?
It did feel, I will say this, the production values confused me slightly.
It kind of looked like it was made by a frat, like someone's daddy at the frat had a ton
of money.
A situation I can relate to.
I feel like my dad owns a steak shop and like they just kind of let them make a thing.
They're like, yo, all of our graduated brothers are going to put them in this frat film.
And everybody's been fucking hating their ass off, apparently.
Let's see how much.
Call it the search.
The worst show.
It's a show?
I thought it was a film.
Damn.
Unless you're a 13-year-old boy, in which case obliterated is your dream product.
Guns, naked breasts, wait a minute.
Stop the presses.
How come that wasn't in the trailer?
Well, thank God it wasn't.
I think in case you get a band hammer, it wouldn't just be partner, he'd be pushed off
a cliff.
Sorry, that wasn't very good, obviously.
Elite character who is a government operative also looks smoking hot in a red bikini.
Again, I don't see what the complaints are.
And that's before we get to the script in which a foreign baddie, damn, okay, plots
to New Colossus Vegas.
Oh, like a bad guy, not a baddie, all right.
Standing in his way is an elite tactical unit.
The best kind.
So far, they're just saying agreeable things.
Whose members say like, we're supposed to stop the bad guy with the bomb into the female
team member with the computer.
You're the tits tech chick.
Damn, unfiltered, like Matt Reif.
Oh my God, I knew that was coming.
There's no way you're actually watching his content.
Yeah, but I stand by his desire to be unfiltered.
He's not afraid to look at a chick and say like, yo, you got tits.
Damn.
That's kind of comedy that's missing.
That's not comedy.
That's just telling someone they have tits, which they know.
They know trend.
Sometimes you got to be reminded not by you.
Respect, young blood.
That's disrespectful.
Obviously.
Shit.
Okay.
But it is.
It's a joke is what you're missing.
All right.
Can you just keep reading this terrible article?
I can.
The hour ends with the team's crazed bomb disposal expert following.
Okay.
Now they're just spoilers, please.
Spoilers much?
How long is this?
Okay.
It's the shortest shit.
I'm already bored.
Not a good sign for the film.
For the film.
This is the review of the film.
I thought you're on the film site.
I lost track of which was what.
Jesus, young blood.
Anywho, no one's ever going to know what we did because until this is declassified,
nobody will ever know.
And they're walking away from the job that involved military helicopter firing missiles through
a hotel window in a packed holiday destination.
Oh, now they're, now they're just spoiling the film again by trying to insult it, insulting
and spoiling at the same time.
Had we streamed our takedown on TikTok, we'd be trending right now limits the team's female
sniper.
Damn, that's a modern commentary.
Who also says admiringly of a colleague, McKnight might be the cockiest son of a bitch
I've ever met, but that's why the ladies love him.
I can relate.
I see ladies and I'm like, yo, I'm fucking good at dates.
And then they can't resist because that's some cocky shit.
That's an insane thing to say to a woman, young blood.
And this is terrible advice.
And they're saying it's bad advice in the review to be clear.
I guess we're, I feel like we're reading different stories.
Anyway, um, see what I mean about a 13 year old boy writing the dialogue.
Well, I'm slightly older than 13 and it gets a pass from me.
So maybe upgrade your reading level, miss or sir.
Anyway, it turns out that their mission actually failed and they get called back
to so many spoilers.
They get called back to the field despite all of them including the pilot being high.
That's fucking funny as shit because they're killers and they're smoking weed.
Can you imagine they got to upgrade your standards, young blood.
This is madness.
I'm the only madness I see here is that there's a fucking six year old man forced
to watch trailers with a hot young boy like me.
All right.
Yeah.
I mean, that is, that is pretty weird.
The whole situation here is weird.
Specifically, this is a bad movie and you shouldn't watch it.
Well, I did already watch it because I watched the trailer.
Oh my God.
Okay.
Just finish.
You're so close.
Just finish.
I don't care how effed up we are.
We're still the best in the game.
Says a character called Chad McKnight.
Damn.
That's a fucking alpha as shit name.
That's almost fucking Sigma.
I don't think it was possible to cross the hangover in the combined.
Oh, you're of Steven Seagal.
But here we are.
Well, in defensive.
Damn.
She is a foreign baddie or was she that no, she's an she's a CIA agent.
I just think it's nice that they're finally making CIA agents or whatever seem sexy because
like for too long, spies and movies are have been like played by like normal, unsexy people.
It's just like you're so committed to saying the opposite of the truth.
There's just no point for me to say anything at a certain point.
What do you mean?
You even see that?
You ever see that movie where Tom Hanks has to cross a bridge or something like Tom
Hanks?
God damn.
You ever see a thinker?
A thinker nailer soldier sperm or something like that.
Tinker Taylor soldier spy.
That's such a crazy name.
It wasn't that.
Anyway, none of them were hot enough spanker, jerk or wanker pot.
No, guys, it's Tinker Taylor soldier spy.
That's not you're making up it.
You're just making something up.
Why would you call anything that?
Why would you call something spurker, jerk or wanker pie?
I mean, at least you're in a genre now.
You are with Tinker Taylor soldier spy as well.
You're in the genre of spy and soldier.
But there's also Tinker Taylor.
Can you justify Tinker Taylor?
Spies wear suits.
Okay.
And they tinker with gadgets.
Checkmate.
Fine.
You win this round.
Philadelphia was apex Tom Hanks hotness, especially the last 20 minutes.
Okay.
Let's see.
Life is easy.
He's never wrong.
But Philadelphia Tom Hanks.
We got a guy.
I'm sorry.
I have to confirm.
I need to see.
Oh, shit.
Damn.
Yo, who's in town?
Yo.
Damn.
Damn.
Yo, what up?
Fucking looking slick.
Fucking chat.
Hanks move over.
I want to fuck your dad.
What?
I lost the thread a little bit.
But anyway, I think I think I think I do confirm that live and sleazy continues to be right about everything.
Anyhoo.
Let's move on.
Please.
Now I'm tempted to keep talking about this.
Oh my God.
Come on.
Just watch whatever.
Anything else.
There's a Pokemon trailer.
Ooh.
Ooh, little monsters.
I'll watch that.
Pokemon horizons.
All right.
What's the deal?
A Pokemon is on the horizon.
Ooh, it's a minute and 10 seconds.
All right.
Let's take a look.
That still fucks with my head.
Look at that little guy.
My name is Liko.
I came to Indigo Academy in the Kanto region, hoping to learn more about myself.
I was so excited to see so many Pokemon I'd never seen before.
Whoa.
My name's Roy.
Oh, it's Roy.
All I really want is to be a trainer someday, but not just any old trainer.
A young one?
Power mission is to uncover the mysteries of Pokemon and of the world.
I've got business with that girl here.
We do as well.
I don't know what I'm caught up in.
Me either.
Like what's with the pendant?
And why are those explorer people after me?
Come on, this way.
I'll never find what I'm looking for.
I'm going to be a Pokemon trainer and have some adventures.
Oh, look at that guy.
What the hell is that guy?
Yo.
Is that a Pokemon wearing the skin of a Pokemon?
Is that fucking Buffalo Pokemon?
Look at this fucking guy.
What's happening here?
Would you train me?
I'd train me.
You know?
What's the TM 96 on its skin?
Or else?
Squirtle used hoes.
Ha!
It's slightly better than usual, young blood.
Some of those comments.
A little obtuse, though.
I don't know if it's tracking that you're referencing Buffalo a little bit.
Okay, I don't need the commentary at all times.
With respect.
Okay, as long as with respect.
Let's watch one more trailer because Fiona just messaged Case.
And then Case messaged me.
And he's going to apparently play a game.
Which is what you're supposed to do on Twitch, by the way.
I don't know why he's doing a new show.
Anywho.
TM.
Official trailer.
Resident Evil VR mode.
Goddamn.
How does Trent even know that movie?
I had an uncle who just watched it on repeat.
He lived in our basement for a while.
Never turned the lights on.
He just always watched Silence of the Lambs on repeat.
Didn't talk much.
When he moved, there was a stench in the basement.
We couldn't get rid of it for, like, really ever.
It still kind of stinks down there.
But, you know, I've seen that movie, like, five or six times.
Because, again, it's like Oli Washes.
I think maybe he didn't even realize it was on.
Sort of just glazed over eyes staring at a screen.
And barely talked in the dark basement.
Youngblood, you should maybe dig around in the basement a little bit.
Just to...
Hey, you know, I was fucking messed on there and I want to bother.
Alright, TM.
An international trailer.
Whoa.
It's TM time.
I don't know what this is, but it's...
I relate to the name TM because I know a lot of TM's.
So, this could be good.
Wouldn't it be nice not to have to lift a finger ever again?
Because everything is taken care of.
The dream is now a reality.
Welcome to the ultimate personal assistant in your home.
We guarantee he will change your life forever.
Hello.
I'm TM.
You're technologically integrated man-servant.
How can I be of service?
I think we're going to be really happy here.
I love you.
But when the fully integrated technology falls apart.
Trust me, Abby, you know exactly where you are with a robot.
I hope to bring you a life of ease and pleasure.
If you'd kindly give me a safe phrase, I will be fully operational.
Safe phrase?
A series of four words that will trigger an immediate shutdown.
To ensure peace of mind.
Oh, he's back.
We said things were going to be different here.
What do you think?
You're perfect.
Don't you find them a bit freaky?
I think I should very much like to be loved.
You understand I've been programmed to serve you over, Paul.
I don't like the way he looks at you.
You deserve better.
Damn, he sprung.
This was recorded when you went to London with Mr. Dutham.
Trust is an admirable human quality, Abby.
What's wrong with Abby?
I'm afraid not, Paul.
I'm not a person.
I'm a computer.
Would you put it on for me?
He's trying to break us up.
He's a robot.
Stay away from time.
I won't let you do that again.
You cannot be trusted.
I cannot allow you to shut me down.
I don't wish to see you suffer.
I'm sorry, Abby.
Okay.
That was a movie?
Obviously that was a, it was a trailer for a movie.
Okay.
So, hey, I will essay you.
Seems that we're going back to the movies.
We're currently at the movies.
Shit.
How do we go to the movies while at the movies?
Also, why didn't, I didn't get a notification that on any of these things that I was just sent to the movies.
I think maybe Casey's stream isn't working right.
Pull out your phone and watch something there.
That's true.
You could go to that movie.
Pull out your phone and watch like, um, I don't know.
The Squid Gangs reality TV show.
It just, that movie felt like about seven other movies I've seen.
Which means it feels comfortable and like home.
So, you know, uh, it's, it's easy watching that happens to feature a robot assaulting a woman.
I mean, it's basically, that was ground already covered probably more gracefully by season one of Black Mirror.
And then there's also that movie where the lady thinks she's a robot, but actually she's like a captive housewife.
That genre's been making a couple.
There's been a couple of those almost every year I feel like for the last, you know, five or six years.
Uh, Screw Squid Games reality show and its staggered release.
I, Kendall and I watched, uh, Kendall told me she in case watched the first 10 minutes.
And that it seemed fine.
You ain't watched it yet, dude.
You gotta see those, those people are getting tortured for real.
It's like fucking exhilarating.
What?
Yeah, dude.
It's like they took actual Squid Games and they said, let's replace murder with people in desperate situations who need money
and we'll put up with any kind of production snafus or demands.
You know?
Sounds pretty awful.
Yeah.
It's like fascinating, man.
It's like, it's like, what if we were in a dystopian society where people would do anything for money and also anything for fame
and also would do anything just to be attached to a recognizable IP debate demanded by big J Dubb.
Okay.
Um, we can get out of here with a debate for the day and then we got to play case has to play that game.
Um, because he has not texted back yet after said case had good in five.
So we'll see how we'll do a speed debate.
I'm fucking texting crumb.
I got his number.
You got crumbs number.
I got crumbs number now.
I'm going to text him to hurry up.
So let's send it straight over there.
The rare immediate transition to a different segment.
I'm sending you to Munch and Crumb.
Meanwhile, I am Trent and you do know what that is and you know what it is, but I got to go for now.
Here's some Munch and Crumb.
Yes.
All right.
Trying to get out of here for the day without sending it to me.
The man who can't be beaten who's never lost telling me to hurry up.
I've never hurried for a second in my life when I go fast because I feel it.
It's not because I'm in a rush.
Meanwhile, the man next to me is constantly in a panic, constantly sweating and wishing that he could get everywhere faster.
Because secretly he crazed for his life to end because he knows it's an immoral mess.
It's crumb.
That's crazy.
I don't feel the call of the void at all times.
And I think it's polite to hurry when you're late, but not speed.
Don't speed.
Honestly, what is two minutes going to save you?
Moralizing, speeding, one of the funnest activities you can do on a road.
That's terrible.
It's that's dangerous advice.
Look, Big J Dubb requested this and I've been told by my good friend Trent,
your friends with Trent now, friends with Trent mentor program that we need to hurry show Travis Kelshi versus Jason Kelshi.
Okay, Travis Kelshi is of course Taylor Swift's boyfriend.
He's a football player.
A thing I know.
I know and that's what he's famous for.
Well, and Jason Kelshi is his brother.
How are we supposed to debate this?
When you don't know anything about sports because you're unamerican.
I know plenty.
I love everybody loves a good football.
I've pull I've supported it in every town I've ever.
You can't even summon the enthusiasm.
Jason Kelshi's wife is also cool.
Shit.
I don't have this setup to show you guys pictures.
All right, we're going to have to do this real janky way.
Can I even get this on stream?
Okay, look, there is Jason Kelshi.
Okay.
And in case anybody doesn't know, you can pull up Travis Kelshi.
Okay.
And to pull up him really quick.
Oh my God, we're going to have to shape therapy for tomorrow.
Apologies, just because we're going to play a game in a second.
We'll have to just we'll have to slightly delay therapy to tomorrow, which case could absolutely use.
So don't get it twisted.
He did.
He should be in therapy.
And I'm happy to send him there and there's Travis Kelshi.
That's Taylor.
That's mostly Taylor Swift.
Well, she he's there.
Okay.
Well, look, obviously I'm taking.
I'm taking the better Kelsey side.
I'm taking Jason Kelshi.
Neither of these no neckers matter to me.
And that's I hate to disagree with you.
These are American Titans are the most classic American game baseball.
No football.
Obviously football.
Look, if we get that pole going, we're going to do this tomorrow.
We're going to do therapy exterminator.
Don't worry.
Maybe case can do therapy while he plays this fucking game.
And here we go.
All right.
Look, Travis.
It already ended.
Shit.
It was 50 50.
I didn't even.
I missed the pole.
It's not in the debate.
Oops.
You blew it.
How did it pull not show up until it was done?
We got to find out a better system with this new fucking multi streaming to know when
the polls is like, well, you could just pay attention to Chad.
Was a two second poll.
We'll do my voice.
What do we do is 50 50.
Has that ever happened?
We when we don't debate, it's how did 100 100 votes came in?
You were 50 50.
God damn it.
I was so excited to defend this Kelsey.
This one.
Do you know?
Yes, this it's this guy.
I was so excited.
Start defending him.
It's not the Mods fault.
We're it's the fucking multi stream.
We're used to looking at the chat to see when the poll is live.
And because case is desperate to stream on X for some reason.
We couldn't see it with this new system.
We'll get the bugs.
We'll get the kinks out of the system real soon.
You feel robbed.
Fuck.
Can we rerun the poll?
We'll count this as a double win.
What?
No.
It's a miscarriage of something.
I don't know.
We'll look.
We'll debate it purely for posterity.
Travis Kelsey is the better is the more recognized player now.
He's got a more famous woman that he's currently romantically involved with.
And I think he's regarded as the better player.
I don't think that's necessarily true.
They're both good at football.
This guy's got a way bigger beard.
He doesn't have to stand on the shoulders of his famous fucking girlfriend to be famous.
In fact, he's married supporting traditional American institutions and global institutions like marriage.
Not tearing down traditional American institutions by making his fucking girlfriend more famous than him.
Upstaging the classic game of American football.
The most fucking beloved thing in the entire world if you just count America, which I do.
I just think it's a Taylor Swift has a lot of bangers and he gets the residuals off the residual popularity off of that.
And now we got mad love, you know.
Anyway, it was 50 50 who debated their Kelsey the best.
Oh shit.
It's just him versus me.
Now we're just debating who's better at debating.
It's clear.
Okay.
Play the fucking quick.
Play the fucking music.
Obviously, I'm better at debating jet.
Don't fuck me here.
Don't fuck me here.
I'm not begging.
I don't have to.
I'm just saying who brings more passion to the table.
I make louder noises.
This man's often very quiet.
I don't even believe the words he's saying because his voice is at such a calm register.
I'm currently very upset.
And look at this guy.
He's barely even trying.
All right.
And you don't have to try when you're fucking smooth with it.
Like my boy TK over here with the dude.
With the TS.
The TS is in the case.
We get smooth with the debates.
We feel ourselves.
We don't have to fucking scream in people's faces all the time to prove non-existent points.
We're just chill with it.
We say what we mean.
And that's the crumb style.
So crumb and get me some.
Coming back from this for you.
He was on the ballot.
Oh.
I got that one.
We can cut the part where I'm just talking out.
No.
This is all going in the sun.
What?
Um.
Boy.
Bono.
Bono.
Bono.
Bono.
Bono.
Hey.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm just more of a disinformation.
Oh.
Dunked on.
Oh.
The whole fucking basket explodes in the glass.
Shack fucking dunk.
Shack foo on your ass.
You'll never come back.
I should get 20 points for that.
Look.
Look what it says.
Crumb munch.
And who won?
I'm Leonard Crumb, believe me, dude.
The things you say.
Your twisted tales will give you away.
The things you say.
You say.
Because it's.
You're crumb believable.
What?
What is so far from marriage?
Channel points are unfair system.
What?
Channel points are an unfair system.
We should go back to one vote.
I should have a bunch of stuff.
Unless you're, um, one vote, one person.
Unless you got the right opinions.
Oh, you're crumb believable.
Oh.
You got nothing.
Look, I take no pleasure in saying this, but we should abolish channel points.
You're crumb believable.
You're pathetic.
You're pathetic.
It's your system.
It's your system that you're getting beaten by.
You're crumb believable.
Hoist it on your own petard.
What?
You're petarded.
Easy, man.
That's a venture.
That's your petardage.
Can you, you're just staring at me now.
It's because you're in the middle of recording.
I don't want to talk over you.
This is all going in.
I'm hearing it now.
I am hearing it now.
Why don't you just do a little edit?
What I'm saying is fine.
I can't spend that much time on this.
Hoisting things on a petard is a classic shake.
To who?
Fucking you won't edit something for me.
Look at fucking Jason Kelsey over here.
He's so confused by you.
You're a crumb believable.
You're perished.
Just moving further back.
You see what I did at the end there?
We were arguing.
I think I nailed that vote.
Look, we got to get out of here.
We got to play a game with Fiona.
I crushed you.
Oh my God.
Nothing happened.
Nothing happened.
To quote a green haired man with three swords.
Nothing happened.
One piece for you.
I've always been a one piece man.
The one piece is real.
My pirate dream is that I've never lost and I never have.
And I never will.
This is this is get it off the fucking screen.
Get it gone.
And look, nothing happened.
Nothing happened.
That's all the time we have for today.
We got to play a game.
My hair looks fine.
Nothing.
I could strangle him.
I could.
I could strangle him.
Maybe we've won on that at some point.
Everything's cool.
I'm still ahead.
You can do the points later.
I'll talk to you soon.
Everything's fine.
Oh, okay.
I got to get out of here.
I'm going to meet up with Fiona.
I will be right back.
Literally, I'll just be sitting in.
I'll teleport just a little bit.
Let me teleport real quick.
We'll instantly be back with some game time.
It's time for the company to get back in business.
Much needed therapy.
Therapy tomorrow.
Apologies for not getting to therapy today,
but I don't want to make Fiona wait all day.
Fiona's away from keyboard.
AFK.
Well, let's hang out.
I have to pull up the game and everything.
So let's get over there.
Let's send it to space.
We're joined by Guy in space in space.
Our correspondent man in gas mask in space is standing by
and waiting for us to get it to him.
So let's not make him wait anymore.
Anyway, I will be right back.
Let me just transition to space.
One second.
There are occasionally monsters in space that will snap your little neck.
Right off your, right out of your spine.
Crack that spine right open.
Who's playing?
Me.
We're setting it up.
We're doing it.
We're playing Leafle Company.
No, it won't let me sign in.
Come on.
I can't sign in.
This is going to take a second.
Uh-oh.
Why isn't it?
This room is so smoky and weird.
I'm upset.
Oh my God.
How many...
Oh my God.
How many captions?
It's ridiculous.
There's no space for me.
One can't be compared to Charles Lindbergh.
He can't?
Click the bicycles.
It's the click...
I'll give you guys a play-by-play.
It's the click the bicycles till there's none left.
Okay, there's no bicycles on here now.
Why is it making me do 30 fucking captions?
Never forget your Steam password.
It's very harsh if you do.
It's making me do it again.
This just worked last night.
The static is on purpose.
Though I can turn it off to make the viewing experience less annoying.
Okay.
Um...
Absolutely destroyed by this capture.
It keeps telling me that I'm incorrect.
I swear I'm doing it good.
I just can't show you guys because then you'll know my password.
And then I'll have to do this whole capture thing again to protect my account.
Also, I'm a little...
This is a little odd to me because I didn't...
I just signed in last night.
So I'm like, did someone just fucking change?
Alright, this is hopeless.
Um...
Let's just reload Steam and hope for the best.
It's a little fucked here, guys.
Skymer, thank you so much for supporting me in my attempts to sign into an account.
The password that I...
Why didn't it just save it?
I don't know.
But now we're in business.
Okay, it's gotta find Fiona.
Alright, is Fiona on?
I'll play the game.
Malco, I'm inviting you to game.
Hello?
Hi, case.
Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
Everyone was lying to me in chat.
They were lying?
They were lying to me because they said you were AI because you can't pass the capture.
I couldn't.
I failed to pass the capture every time.
There was so many captures.
I can't be blamed.
It's just crazy.
Yeah, it should be easy.
It should be easy to do, probably.
Oh, my God.
Traditionally, that's easy to do.
Info, inverse, teleport.
Okay, it's business time, exactly.
Are we still the same crew?
Who's here?
Fiona?
Yeah, we're the same.
Oh, yeah, Malco's back.
Malco's back?
Fuck yeah.
Is exterminator in here or no?
I only see three people.
He's not here yet.
Okay, well, I invited him.
The inverse teleporter is a modified teleporter, which will teleport you to a random position outside the ship.
All your items will be dropped at the teleporter before transport.
The inverse teleporter can be used by everyone at once and has a 3.5-minute cooldown.
Okay.
Wait.
You're telling me...
So we can buy an inverse teleporter.
And what a teleporter...
But they're expensive.
Out of the field?
I'll probably get the regular teleporter first.
For everyone, it's still with me.
First of all, very, very much there's no way, you know what I mean?
Because we don't even have that much money.
Okay, I'll invite you to buy the exterminator again.
So you only use it once strategically?
I haven't really done anything strategic the whole time I've been playing.
Well, there you are.
Well, me neither.
Damn.
Same.
Same.
Zoom?
Yeah, what is that?
Oh!
Oh, right!
I forgot what you did.
Ew!
You hear that?
Okay, so we have two more days and we need 384 per quota.
Oh, also I need to change my stream title.
Hold on, let me also do that.
I updated the gaming category already.
Oh, you did?
Oh, my God!
You're the best!
Okay, so I'm gonna now not do this.
Cool.
Hell yeah, guys.
Worst case.
Behind you.
What's that?
You were hit!
You were hit!
Okay, so, well, where should we go to, guys?
Well, we're on assurance right now.
Can we get more stuff here?
Well, we already did, right?
Oh, we already tried.
You both died.
Isn't this a place with the machine gun?
Oh, yeah, let's leave.
Yeah, let's leave.
Okay.
They are very wet bees, space man.
The wettest bees.
Let's go to, uh, offense.
Let's just fucking do that, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Let's just fucking do that.
Let me also make this smaller.
Ew!
That sound is so gross.
Ask me what I'm doing.
If you hear this coming out of a room, would you associate that with beehive?
You are fully jacking off.
Like, I'm jacking off an alien.
Yeah, you're jacking off an alien and it's very squishy.
Yeah.
And he's just doing nothing but coming.
Who has her level B?
Oh, is that bad?
Oh, we're here, baby.
Ew, pumpkins.
So, we should buy stuff, right?
We've got three radios here.
We have radios.
Okay.
Thank, okay.
Do we need a flashlight?
Is that a thing we, uh...
Um, we'll get it next time.
Okay.
Okay, uh, do you guys...
I'll stay here since I'm on a release call.
Okay, cool.
All right.
Uh, exterminator.
Off we go.
All right.
I'll open up the walkie when we get to the main entrance, okay?
All right.
All right, let's go.
How you guys, how you guys feeling?
So good.
Great.
So, you're feeling good, exterminator?
Add your lotion.
Do you feel like we're going to find some really good loot?
Because we have to?
Yeah, we're going to find like a kind of great stuff and then we're going to die.
Well, well, don't say that last part.
That, that last part, we don't want to happen.
Right, case?
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't want to die.
I don't want to die.
Oh man, I almost fell to my death here.
All right.
I'm the worst.
So I should sacrifice myself and go in here in case there's a machine gun.
No, there's no machine gun.
Well, I'm going to...
Uh-oh, what if there is?
I guess she just found out.
Okay, we're good.
There's no machine gun.
We're so safe.
Wait, do you guys hear?
Wait, can I speak that?
I don't hear him.
Okay, got it.
Should I go in here, chat?
It's empty.
Um, apparently there's some IDA.
You can't do anything with this lever?
B-type engine here.
Hmm.
This looks a little alarming.
Uh-oh.
Maybe I shouldn't die for once.
But what if there's a goodie back there?
Oh, a laser pointer.
A laser pointer, guys.
How much is that worth?
Five.
Maybe it's a weapon.
Maybe you can extract a spider.
Yes, I think I can.
I found a spooky hallway, but I don't know what's down it.
I hear sounds.
Is there anything in it?
Uh, I think someone's running.
Uh-oh.
Okay, watch that.
Watch up.
Okay.
Oopsie.
I got a little...
Oh my God, you're alive.
You're alive.
What do you get?
Uh, I didn't get anything.
I just got bit.
Oh, okay.
I guess this is good enough, right?
Is it good enough?
I mean, gotta...
I don't know.
Uh, should I just go back in there and hope for the best?
Well, but there's a spider.
Yeah, I mean, what do we...
A laser pointer?
Is there any way to avoid it?
It opened a door at what I tried to hide from it.
Oh, oh, oh.
So should we just go?
Um, is there anything in, like, the entrance way that we didn't grab?
Was there any other green items?
You saw?
Okay.
Okay, so there is.
So there is an item there.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh!
Yeah, we can't...
We can't be there.
See, I think if we go in there, we have to not talk.
Like, I think we're trying to sneak.
I see.
Okay, so...
Okay, so do we just want to go?
I mean, we can try.
I mean, is it really that bad if I die?
Did you try the laser pointer?
We have a laser pointer?
Oh.
You want to try it?
Okay, let's try...
Yeah, I have a laser pointer.
Hold on.
What does this do?
Also, I can't pick it up.
Oh, there we go.
Like, are you gonna distract it?
Maybe, I don't know.
Well, we have to go fast.
Okay, well, I think we can't talk.
Or it'll notice us.
Okay, okay.
All right, let's be quiet.
Do we know where the laser pointer...
Or do we know where what we want in here is?
You're what?
I think it's on the right, at least there's that.
Because we cleared out the left in the most part.
Okay.
Oh, I think Malco can see where you're pointing the laser pointer.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'll go for it.
I might die.
Okay, I'm critically injured.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, he's injured.
He's injured as fuck.
Yeah, we're coming back.
We're coming back.
So, in case...
You should grab it in case I die.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm fine now.
I got better.
It was just a big spool of blood.
Everything's fine.
Wait, where's Exterminator?
He just went in?
He went in?
Wait, no, no, no.
We have to go back.
Let's go back.
Well, wait, we don't have a thing.
We don't have a goodie.
I got it.
I got it.
Oh, okay.
Chat, I did a pretty good job.
Exterminator's dead.
He's dead.
Okay, let's go.
Okay.
Okay, we have to be quiet.
We have to be quiet.
I think I will keep up my lazy streak.
In fact, I think I'm pretty lost.
Uh-oh.
I should have stuck with Fiona.
I've made a few errors, Chat.
Oh, my God.
I'm sensing I might have made some mistakes.
Did I just see a tail?
I feel like I just saw something moving.
Oh, boy.
I'm just going to sprint for it.
Where's the shit?
Oh.
It was right there.
The problem is, if I just talked to Chat,
I also talked to all the monsters out here.
It's encouraging me to be lazy and quiet.
Fiona, there's a monster coming to you.
Is Fiona back?
The monster's in the direction you're looking.
Or was looking.
Yeah, I should not have abandoned Fiona.
But I kinda did.
Rest in peace.
Oh, did you die?
Oh, she's still here.
Okay.
I was just saying rest in peace today.
You're in bad anger.
Damn, it is real dark.
Maybe I should go get her.
What time is it?
Um...
It's 8.37.
I am kinda dying.
Also, Skymer.
I am dying, correct.
I don't think her mic is actually on.
Her mic?
I'm not sure it's actually on.
I can't hear the walkies.
I think only the person holding them can hear them.
Yeah, only the person holding them can hear them.
Um, is she just going the wrong way?
I don't know which way is the right way.
I guess I'll just go look for her.
Alright.
Oh.
Yeah, I don't know where she is.
There is a giant near you, Fiona.
You might wanna tell her that she only has...
It is coming your way.
She only has like two minutes.
It's 10.
Her timer's on her stream.
She can see it.
If she scans, there's a chance she might be able to...
Find us.
I see her scanning.
She's just not scanning in the right directions.
Oh.
Oh, she's still at the building?
That's fucked.
Apparently, she's still right at the building.
Hmm, okay.
I gotta do a better job of like, um...
paying attention to where everybody else is.
Oh, I think she's done.
Oh my God, so many monsters.
Oh no, she's getting swarmed.
Alright, well...
Damn.
I'm the most paranoid.
I've been upgraded.
From laziest to most paranoid.
That is so annoying.
I can't believe Fiona couldn't find her way back.
I couldn't find it.
Yeah, I should have stuck with you,
but I figured you'd already found your way back.
No, I saw...
So I saw a dinosaur or that monster,
and you kept talking,
and I wanted to tell you, like, shut up.
But it was right there.
Damn.
Was your radio still on?
My radio was still on, yeah.
Yeah, I couldn't tell which way was the ship from where you...
Yeah, I couldn't.
It was bad.
Okay, well...
We just gotta make $300 this time.
We need to make $300.
We all have to go.
We're good at this.
We're usually good at this.
I think when we're in those...
When we're in the area,
we just have to not talk, really,
and be, like, a little sneaky,
and maybe the monster will leave us alone for longer?
Well, yeah, I would guess.
But I did try to, like,
crouch and not make any sound,
and it was, like, looking away from me,
and it still turned toward me and got me.
Oh, I just mean, I think maybe...
Which monster was it?
It was the spider.
No, it was, like, some weird...
It had spider-ish legs,
but it had, like, a human-like mouth
and eyes.
Oh, God.
I think if we're quiet,
maybe the monster just doesn't show up as soon.
I think once it shows up,
you're kind of, like, a little fucked.
Yeah, make sure you scan up
and, like, figure out what they are
and how to deal with them.
Oh, that's true.
Do we know?
Do we know?
Wait, let me look here.
There was one that got scammed,
but I don't remember when.
What was it?
Eyeless dogs?
Eyeless dogs.
Eyeless dogs?
Is that not the dinosaur-looking one?
I don't know.
I guess let's just go somewhere else
and then we'll scan the next one.
Bunker spiders.
Bunker spiders.
Oh, that's probably that.
Ooh, asked a monster for a loan.
That's good advice.
Bunker spiders of the...
Okay, are the largest, whatever...
Bunker spiders produce silk
and lay it around their chest and nest area,
then wait for it to be tripped on.
They can be seen waiting on walls
often over doorways
where prey could enter unaware.
If you find a bunker spider unprepared,
it may freeze as a defensive reaction.
Yeah, it definitely wasn't that.
In this case, they are best left alone.
If a bunker spider reacts aggressively,
it is best not to fight with ordinary tools.
They use their webs to make up
for their rather slow movements.
So take note of your surroundings.
Their webs can be broken easily
with any blunt tool.
This one was pretty fast and...
Yeah.
Well, I say we just go somewhere else.
We have no choice.
Okay, let's just go...
Yeah, let's go...
Moons...
Let's go to...
Val.
Val.
We need to stock up on...
hives that we could get.
Just...
hives would be fine.
We just need five items.
Five hives.
All right, let's go.
We got it.
Let's land the ship, baby.
Time to die.
We all...
we all just have to...
I think we're better when we all go.
Oh, God, case.
Are we?
I really don't think the last one had...
Last time we did...
You're not being able to find your way back.
I don't think I made a deal with us.
I think we looked out last time.
All right.
Off we go.
No, we were good.
We did good.
We were so good.
I think this one's on the right of the...
correction.
Where is it?
Like, exactly the opposite.
Oh, we have to go the other...
Oh.
All right, Chad.
I have to pick up anything this time.
We got this.
I believe in all of us.
Vlog.
Vlog?
What was it?
I just picked it up, but I think it might have been one we already had
because it didn't say anything.
Oh, really?
Is it a weapon, then?
I kind of want to go...
Oh, there's something down there.
There's another V5.
There's another V5.
Should we get it?
I think we have to.
Should we get whatever's in here first?
How do we get down there safely?
Let's go in here first since we're here.
Let's go in here.
Okay, okay.
Clear.
Should I go for it?
It's probably a bad idea.
Bad in here?
No, just jumping again.
I'm so tempted, Chad.
I need to get the thing.
Well, wait, was there anything in there?
Find some boobs to look at.
I should drop some.
I got it.
I got it.
No, I have it.
I have it.
Yeah, exterminator might be dead.
Oh.
All right, should we try to get this beehive?
I mean, we need way more than that to not get...
Yeah, we do.
We need the beehive.
What was in there?
I don't know, but it was a monster.
It was a shadow monster guy.
I didn't scan it.
I didn't scan it.
I didn't even think to scan it.
If you squint so many objects in this game or boobs.
So someone might die.
So should I just go grab it and run?
Well, should we try the fire exit here?
Yeah, let's...
I mean, we need more stuff.
What the fuck was that?
What did you do?
I flipped a switch.
We're so dead.
So should we just go up?
Uh, no.
I mean, we may as well just die, right?
Oh, hairbrush.
Nice.
Here, go on.
What?
Nice, what's that?
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
Damn.
I think we should...
I think we should go.
Yeah, I guess so.
And let's just try to get that beehive.
Falco?
I'm going.
What was that? Nice!
Chemical jug?
Is that exterminator?
No.
Oh, wait, that was exterminator.
How do we get out?
I was...
Okay.
I saw a key.
Oh, you did?
Should we just grab it?
Somewhere just now.
I was wondering if maybe we have to flip a certain thing and it turns off the lock on that door?
Guys, let's...
I think exterminator got a jug.
He did, but I think we need more stuff, right?
I have a few things.
Now let's get the beehive.
Okay.
What the hell?
Is that a exterminator?
Oh my God, I think it's him.
I think he's dead.
Okay, well, I'm going to grab his body, but someone needs to distract Falco.
Um...
What do we...
Distract...
Distract the bees?
Okay, I'll distract.
I'll distract.
Got an air horn.
Can I just grab it and run?
Yeah, grab it.
Oh, no, no, no.
You have to distract it.
They're not moving.
Run!
Oh.
Oh, no.
Keep going, I'll try to get her stuff.
Okay.
I think I might have killed her.
Okay, now I just have to find the ship.
There it is.
Well...
Yeah, that wasn't possible to get their stuff.
Oh, they're just still over there?
Yeah, they're just...
They're just...
It was their zone, basically.
Should we go back and try?
I mean, we just have a little time.
Maybe one of us can die for it?
Yeah, let me...
Let me store this.
So I don't lose anything.
Although it does get dark soon.
I think it was this way.
Yeah.
Those bees are just going.
Shit.
Where are you at?
I'm up on something.
I can't see very far.
Oh, there you are.
Okay, I see you.
All right, so the bees are gone.
Okay, that's good.
Did the exterminator have anything?
I don't see anything.
Oh wait, there's a thing.
All right, I got it.
Okay.
I didn't see the jug that the exterminator apparently got, though.
I think he already took it in because there was a jug in the ship.
Ah, true.
So I'm sure there's definitely going to be a monster waiting for us.
That would make sense.
The use of you on his dead body as a decoy?
If I can, I absolutely throw her to the wall.
A viking burial in a giant wood monster's mouth.
Of course I got her on the way.
How did he get it up there?
How do I get this up there?
Try the other side.
The other side.
I just jumped on that rock.
That works too.
All right, well, I doubt we met the quota, but we gave it a real effort.
Yeah.
We let so many people die.
I sustained the most injuries.
Grade D.
Wait, okay.
Let's do the math, guys, because I think we made it.
No, I guess I did.
Two hundred and forty-nine.
What the air horn?
Report to the company building immediately to sell your scrap metal and other goods.
I wonder what happened.
A few days left to meet the profit quota.
You can use the terminal to route the autopilot to the company building.
Can I give them more money?
No, no, no.
We can't sell the walkie-talkie.
I just want to see if I had a value.
Damn it.
Oh, I thought we had enough.
Three hundred and four.
Three hundred and four?
Fuck!
So does that mean we get killed?
Well, we can just go and see.
Yes.
Maybe they'll be nice to us.
Oh, good.
No.
I'd be kind of mad if I sent a couple astronauts to eight different planets and they came back with a jug.
And a beehive.
Two beehives.
Let's land this plane.
Man, that noise is crazy.
Let's get this L.
Oh, we know that.
Maybe there's a goodie out here.
I thought so too, Case.
The only thing that's out here is this thing.
Come, let me show you.
There's a monster.
In here?
No, I just hear it.
Wait, no, put the jug back. Put the jug back.
I don't want you losing it.
Shouldn't I drop it off?
Yeah, drop it off.
Maybe there's something here.
Yeah, screw it, let's check.
We're going to die anyway.
I just found a lock.
Oh, if you have we die, we sell our bodies.
I tried that too, Case.
All right, well, I guess let's get killed.
It's so wet out here.
Can we sell the water?
What counts as profitable in this world?
What was this?
I can't interact with it.
Nothing.
It was nice knowing you guys.
You know, maybe we sell everything.
Yeah, it's everything on there.
Maybe they'll recognize our inherent value as space humans.
Maybe they'll be nice.
Be nice to us.
Eh?
Fuck.
I'm excited to see how we get killed.
Well, god damn it, we were so close.
If only we had one more beehive.
Well, so far we're not dead.
View sound behind the wall.
I got woken up early this morning because we were going to the company building to sell our useless garbage.
The rate was 120%, which Desmond says is rare and he didn't want to miss it.
He's been watching it like stupid stalks.
It still sucks here. Rich still smells like piece of shit.
I can barely sleep.
I heard the worst sound behind the wall of the company building.
It sounded like crying red faces all churned up and swept away by concrete.
Crying red faces?
Yeah, like pestle and bull, my mom crushes up her seeds and spices in.
I still care. It's a nightmare. No one else heard it.
They don't know what to do. Just thinks I'm home thick.
No, I'm sick of this cheap suit.
Well, wait, because we haven't been killed, can we just leave?
Well, we can leave. They'll kill us when we leave.
Oh, okay. Let's see us. Let's die.
I'm curious how we die.
The case really wants to see us die.
We're going to die. Damn, we were so close, huh?
Do we explode?
They just... they just...
Spoilers.
Yeah, no spoilers. Good point.
Well, guys, it was nice knowing you.
Going to get sucked off? Damn, Greener Sims says we get sucked off.
Yeah, we're going to get sucked off. Real good.
As you have not met the Prophet Order, your presence has been deemed the most vivid.
Welcome to our Disciplined Objects.
Save me! Save me!
No! Disciplined! Disciplined!
Damn, I feel so disciplined.
Well, tough but fair, exactly.
What can you even do?
Okay, well...
Back to space we go.
Start over again.
Hey, we're getting better at this stuff.
Welcome to your first day on the job.
This is your very own autopilot ship, where you will eat and sleep for the duration of your contract.
Well, now... now we'll try to grab as much as we can.
Yeah, on these easy-complete the onboarding process.
You will want to check the instruction manual and sign into your ship.
Does the death live up to your expectations?
We trust you will be a great asset to the company.
A great, great asset to the company.
Wait, wait, wait.
Space! You're in space, man.
Space!
Hi, Kendall!
Hi, Kendall.
Kendall, you want to play?
You'll be better than me.
Well, we're already on experimentation. Hold on.
Well, Christian says you actually get the mod.
The mod?
Oh my God, we're going to have up to 20 people.
That's crazy.
They can all talk?
You sure you don't want to try? It's going to be fun.
Kill myself. I mean...
Kendall doesn't want to do it while I'm streaming.
Well, we could do it. I have to just get the mod.
I don't know how to get the mod.
Yeah, 20 people would be pretty funny.
That would be crazy.
The new strategy is grab stuff, yes.
Do we still have the money?
We still have money.
We have the base 60.
Fuck.
I think Kendall does know all the secrets already
because she watched a TikTok on it.
All right, let's go.
Yeah, let's do it.
Royal, thank you for the bitty titties.
She watched the Hidden Places
the lethal company TikTok.
The lethal company TikTok?
The lethal company TikTok?
Apparently there are specific ways to beat the various monsters.
Yeah, we have to read up about that.
Yeah, I don't know if I want...
If I want to figure that out by playing
or figure it out by looking it up.
Yeah, I saw some videos,
but I just figured I'd just learn by playing.
Well, it tells you how...
In the logs, yeah.
In the bestiary.
You just have to read a lot.
I hate that.
I hate reading.
Reading?
Yeah, if you scan the monsters on the computer,
it will teach you.
And they are correct.
Guys, check it out.
I'm eating the...
Who's cookies?
Pumpkin?
It's Pokimane's cookies.
Oh, you ate one? You had that?
Kendall got Pokimane's cookies.
Online.
Wow.
She spent like $60 for...
Yeah, they were $300.
Honestly, they're $7 a bag.
Don't think it's that bad.
They're $7 a bag, but you have to buy them
in like an 8-pack or something.
A 4-pack, I think.
So you have to spend $28.
What do they taste like?
I'm going to see if it's safe.
They taste like a gluten-free chip toy.
To me.
Oh.
What's that? I've been eating carrots.
The most annoying thing I could eat for my stream.
Grace isn't a broke boy.
No, I...
She...
I got a key.
I think they're good.
Is it good to all stay together?
I'll stay with you.
I'm down here.
I can't see.
There's a key.
Be careful.
Be careful, yeah.
Yeah.
Can you guys hear Kendall?
Yes.
What is that?
What is that?
Can you tell him about the sound?
Yeah.
So we'll just turn it.
Okay.
Well, we should probably...
We're the worst ones.
What are we supposed to do?
There's a turret right there.
Go where?
What?
I don't even have to do that.
Where's the exterminator?
Is this just out?
Oh, turret.
Where's the turret?
Right here.
Can we sneak up on it?
No, it's a fire guard.
What killed me?
Chat, what even killed me?
Damn.
I honestly wasn't trying to die for once.
Did they die?
Did they die?
I wish I could tell them I died.
I thought I was safely not...
Oh, was he going to grab that?
Nope.
I guess I wasn't as hidden as I thought I was.
I'm dead.
I have died once again.
Did he die?
I thought he died.
Oh, my God. I think I just got to go.
They're very close.
Yeah, you do too.
You're so close.
Step down!
They're still in acceptance.
Yeah, they made it to acceptance actually pretty fast.
There wasn't a ton of denial.
From anyone but me.
Here.
Sorry, people want to know where this cult happened.
Where are you?
Go to the ship and immediately just take off.
I don't know what that is.
Okay, so look at it, so look at it, so look at it, so look at it.
Bro!
There's the bottles over here.
Exterminator in meltdown.
Oh, my God, she got...
What the fuck was that?
I'm blind.
I can't find the ship.
I can't find the ship.
I never can find the ship.
Exterminator in melko are still alive though,
and I think they have stuff.
Oh, if you don't, I haven't chased her dead.
I didn't see how they died.
Fuck, how did they...
I didn't...
I had so much shit.
I had so much shit in my pockets.
Monster, straight ahead.
I'm assuming chat was also telling you that I died, Fiona.
No.
No, they weren't telling me,
which I wish they did tell me.
Well, honestly, they're maintaining the continuity
of the quality of the game.
Respect the game.
Run.
There's a dino out there.
I just wish I had so much shit.
I'm so mad.
I had nothing.
And I got shot by a turret.
I had so much shit.
But hey, we're off to a better start, sort of.
We're off to a better start.
Damn, I had so much shit.
But yeah,
my sense of direction is so bad.
I...
It's at night, it gets pretty rough.
Damn, they got a lot of stuff.
Damn, wow, they collected it.
Oh, they pulled it.
We noticed.
Yeah, it's not hard to tell
that I'm maybe not that good in this game.
Yo.
Guys, I...
I'm alive when we find the fucking shit.
You were close, I think.
Do you scan for it?
I do.
I do scan it, and it doesn't show me.
You gotta spam it.
We got $233 at least.
Should we, like, keep going
and, like, save some for the next game?
Yeah, let's keep going and save until the end.
Yeah, nice. Okay, good. Let's go.
Yeah, let's start hoarding.
This is hoarding level, that's true.
Where should we go, guys?
You're cool. I have a key on me.
You have a key?
Nice.
We can go to...
We can route
to offense.
Oh, we're already on offense.
We can go to assurance.
Sure.
Okay.
Routes.
So, yeah, I was skating around
and I could see the main entrance.
I was scanning the entrance,
but the fur fur away I went,
I wouldn't get a scan on anything.
Chase, how did you die?
The turret. I thought I was around a corner,
but I guess I wasn't.
Yeah, I saw, like, two stars
and then I got separated from you guys.
That is so annoying.
And I just whispered Marco
and exterminators happened to be nearby still.
Yeah.
Are we flying yet?
Randomly seated.
Yeah.
It was a spider, too?
58.
I might have gotten turreted and spidered,
but damn,
I'm just that good, guys.
I tracked all the monsters.
All right.
It's time to be good at this game this time.
For me, you guys are doing great.
No, you're doing great, too.
Ooh, look at this huge ladder.
Thank you for coming.
Ooh, what's that?
I don't think there'll be anything there, but...
Up the ladder?
Yeah.
But it's so tall.
I think we lost them.
Where'd you guys go?
No.
They're there.
I see someone over here.
You can use the ladder to jump on these pipes.
If that doesn't anything for us.
Oh, there's something on the ground.
What is that?
Oh, my God.
Should we run for it?
Uh...
Where's the entrance at? We just need to find that, I guess.
I'm going to go up the ladder.
If you want to find the entrance,
carve the big pumpkin. That does sound fun.
Uh, Supreechi,
enjoy dinner. Do not feel obligated to watch me
fail at this game repeatedly.
Okay, there's an entrance for sure.
All right, guys. Maybe I'm on to something here.
Maybe I found a useful place.
That's a negative.
It's negative on me doing something useful.
Can I make it down here without dying?
Oh, bees.
I could suicide with the bees.
I'm hitting the scan button, but...
I think unless I'm pointed at something, doesn't do much.
Oh, hi.
Hey, it took me forever to find it.
Okay, well, that's good you found it, at least.
I don't know where Exterminator or Milko are.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, they grabbed, they got something.
Someone got something.
There's a big bolt here.
Should we get it?
Should we go down?
Oh, there they are.
Oh, they got something good.
Yeah. I'll put it outside.
Should we go? Did you explore all the way over here?
I just put it outside, huh?
Oh, I just mean there was more stuff over here.
Was there?
Like, there was stairs down.
Uh, I guess there's nothing down here.
Uh-oh.
Oh, hey, guys.
Hey.
Milko?
Is Milko deceased?
I don't know.
We do have enough stuff that we can probably leave if we want.
Yeah, I feel like we should bring back the V thing.
Cause that was a lot.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
We think we should balance-
We should leave. We should go.
We're gonna go for the PI's.
Okay.
Look, we have this thing.
And then let's try to get the beehive.
And let's go.
Can I go ahead and jump?
Um...
You can climb down.
You can drop it though.
Like, you can kind of drop it off the edge.
So, I guess I'll try to distract them, okay?
And you grab, okay?
Also...
Exterminator.
Okay, I'm gonna distract and you grab, okay?
Let's go!
Let's go, go, go!
Did you get it?
Did you guys get it?
I think it's still over...
Exterminator, did you get it?
I think he got it.
I think we just have to go?
Okay.
Exterminator, maybe let the other one?
Yeah, let's hope he's alive.
Wait, is he alive?
Exterminator?
Uh-oh.
There's a monster.
You fucker.
Move it.
I had to drop the thing to get up here.
God damn it.
I'm alive.
Wait, where are you?
I had to drop the thing to escape a monster.
We should go back and see if we can get it.
Let's get it, let's get it.
I have a weapon.
It's through here.
This monster is just hanging out though.
Oh, you did?
I got it, so you can run.
I'm running, trying to run?
Okay, Jesus Christ.
I was the wrong person to carry this guy.
I can't be left in this kind of responsibility.
Hurry, hurry.
Big thing, big things out there.
Oh, she died?
Yeah.
What about Exterminator?
He's dead, too.
Okay, so we should just get out of here?
Yeah, let's get out of here.
Should we go get our stop sign?
Yeah.
Let's go get mine.
We did get a lot of stuff though.
Oh, should Exterminator got lazier?
Um, so I hit that animal
and it like,
like, um,
it like moved away from me
when I started hitting it.
Oh, well then it came back with the vengeance.
Yeah, then it came back.
Yeah, you gotta keep hitting it till it does.
Yeah.
That's cool, but look, we got so many things.
We have one more day?
Well, we have one more day.
Should we try, should we try another?
Yeah, let's do it.
Let's fucking go.
Um, oops.
At this rate, maybe we'll, uh,
be able to get like, tasers.
Yes, I agree.
Um,
let's go to
Reds.
Fuck, I keep picking ones
that we already have.
I miss having a bee thing.
Well, I almost got one.
I don't know what happened. I ran away.
I got a pretty far distance, but they just kept coming.
Damn.
I thought I distracted them enough.
They just kept going.
I kept, I sprinted as much as I could and they, uh,
they didn't stop.
They didn't stop.
Can't stop, won't stop.
Oh, I used to call stops soon.
I haven't even gotten to my part yet.
What part?
The part where I have to verify that the UI deployment went well.
Oh, well.
802, sunny, 75 degrees in Los Angeles, California.
Beautiful.
Beautiful planet.
Oh, the main entrance is close.
You're right, Skymer.
Only the hive is being able.
Yeah, the sound of this game is good.
The sound?
The sun, the sun is also good.
This giant red sun.
Where are y'all going?
I don't know.
Actually, where are we going?
We're actually probably going the right way.
Oh, there it is.
Don't mind us.
Oh, you're good. You're good.
Yay.
Alright, it's time to die.
I still have the key on me.
Nice.
Oh, turret.
The turret's locked, so it's perfect.
Dark as hell.
Alright, well, I just unlocked this door over here.
Okay, I need to not die from the turret again.
The turret's over there.
Can you sneak up on turrets and disarm them?
I thought it was in front of it.
I was in front of it.
I think the only way to disarm it is through the ship.
This one I just walked right up to and it wasn't doing anything.
Oh, it's not doing anything?
Okay, because I did too.
Tell me, I don't want this door and there's nothing in here.
It seems like some of them are programmed to attack enemies
and some of them are programmed to attack us.
Can we grab it?
What's that sound?
What's that sound?
Launch curtain.
That's got to be a monster, right?
Yeah, that's here. That's close.
Oh, it's here.
I tried to scan it, but nothing came up.
It was a spider, it was a spider.
Oh, no, that was not a spider.
Are you sure that wasn't a spider?
No, that was too big to be a spider.
Did we try to scan it?
That was a bigger thing.
Can we scan it?
I can't seem to scan it.
Oh, someone got it.
How was it?
I did know it was the thing I saw that one time
that I said it was like a spider,
but it had like a human.
Should we look for like a fire exit?
Fire exit?
I mean, we can try if we want.
I've got like one HP, by the way.
Do you want to run this back?
Sure.
Yeah, why don't you do that?
Yeah, why don't you do that?
I can't climb with this.
I think you can drop that.
I'll drop it.
Okay, I'll go with case.
Maybe we can find a secret entrance.
Yeah.
Maybe the ship is over there.
Do you see it?
How did you guys get up there?
That is jumped.
Give yourself to the spider lord.
That is tempting.
You know I would love to give myself
to the spider lord.
All right, fuck it.
I'm going rogue.
No fire exit.
Okay, there's the ship.
So I've gone the wrong way for sure.
That's the main entrance over here.
Large axle.
The largest axle.
Oh my God.
Come on.
Spider lord, show me the way.
I'm trying to...
Guys, I want to make it back to the spider lord.
Metal sheet collected.
Great news, everyone.
How do I even get...
That's the main entrance.
So I feel like the fire exit would be
over here.
Spider lord.
A willing sacrifice.
A willing sacrifice to wait to.
Man, should I just...
relieve them of
having to wait for me?
That's got to be a fire.
It's a fire exit.
How do I get up there?
Tell me spider lord.
Spider lord!
I might be too dumb to figure this out.
Oh wait, that would probably get...
So I just need to jump on.
Okay, I think I see.
I'm counting on a ladder being over here.
Because I hear a dinosaur.
And it will kill me.
Oh my God.
Also, if you can hear us, I will be on the close door.
Oh, case is on his way.
Case is here.
Case.
I did find the fire exit, but I just couldn't figure out how to get there.
Yeah, we gotta go.
Why? Just because there's a giant hulking
wood creeper to kill us?
Yeah, yeah, because there's a giant hulking wood creeper.
Oh, should I just scan it? Did anybody scan it?
No.
Fuck, I keep forgetting about that.
I don't think we need to scan that one though.
I guess we can't kill it.
You want to try?
Yeah, I'm definitely not.
Guys, we're fucking rich.
Definitely not, Ty.
Dude, we are so rich.
Should we sell everything?
Crazy that the door was open for...
Okay, well, I...
I...
I opened it and when you died...
Yeah, I was up against the door...
Okay, but like...
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.
I opened it though.
Yeah, I'm not sure we have to close it for that giant one.
I don't believe it can just reach in here.
Okay.
Well, here's what I have to ask you guys.
Should we sell everything or should we just keep it
for the next day?
Oh.
Oh wait, I sent it to the company building.
Don't we have to go deliver stuff?
Yeah, we have to go. We have to sell it.
But not everything.
We don't have to sell everything.
We'll see some math here.
What's the advantage of holding onto it?
So we don't have to...
The next three days.
For quota.
Oh yeah, exterminator. How'd you die?
Last round.
Fiona killed me.
I did not kill you. I didn't kill you.
I closed the door because it was scary
and then I opened it and then you were dead.
Oh, that sounds like no one's fault.
It was just bad timing, really.
It's impossible to know who to blame.
We have... there's nobody to blame, truly.
Ice cream truck rockets?
Skymer, if that's the thing we can buy, we do need to get those.
How much is apparatus 80, right?
Yeah, it should be 80.
Apparatus is 80. Apparatus is 80.
We could sell to Air Horn and Apparatus.
Let's fucking go. Let's do it.
Do you want to sell anything extra?
Do we want a little bit extra?
Oh, to buy stuff?
Yeah.
Do the walkies ever really do anything for us?
Maybe we just need defensive items or something.
We need defensive items.
I don't even think the walkies really help us.
If I was better at the game they would,
but instead I just don't know what to tell people.
Oh man, they got 50% off on boomboxes.
What does that do?
What does that do?
It just makes noise.
When you get some water real quick.
For who? But I need to know, like, what monsters is that about.
It's a distraction.
So, like, if we're getting Chase,
or if we can put a boombox down
and go out to the boombox instead of us.
Right, right.
Maybe we should get some pro flashlights to start off.
Let's get some flashlights.
Okay, but let's sell things first.
Yeah.
Alright, cool.
So, okay.
So let's just, uh,
let's just sell
pro flashlights.
Flashlights only 25, so it's just 100.
We get 134 our quota.
Okay, here's what I say.
I say, um,
let's sell everything small.
I can't convince Kendall to try around.
Small in value or small in size?
Small in size.
Oh, that's the thing, the air horn.
One is 70.
Damn, what is the air horn 70?
I think if it's unused at 70,
if you use a little, it's probably less.
Oh, okay.
Okay, I would say
let's sell
better.
I mean, I think we'll be fine with just, uh,
big air horn and the apparatus,
because that'll be enough to meet our quota
and get the flashlights.
Let's just do that. Let's just do that.
Alright, let's land.
We're at the company building, right?
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
Can I go get food after I die?
I've got the items.
Okay, you have everything?
The air horn and the apparatus, yeah.
Okay, cool. Yeah.
Alright, you go sell those.
Damn.
Should I go back down here?
Should I go for it?
There's nothing.
They should take off without me. That would be appropriate.
Oh, baby, paid.
That's good then, right? Yeah.
Yeah, should be good.
Cool. We're good to go.
Alright, let's, uh, get the fuck out of here.
Alright, where are we going?
Um, let's see.
Hmm.
Alright, we'll go to
March.
Is there, like,
do the moons, like,
tell you,
like, is there specific items
you can find on specific moons or not?
I don't know.
Or is it all random?
I mean, probably the paid ones have to have stuff.
Yeah.
Oh, you bought everything?
I got the pro flashlights.
Okay, cool. I think that's a good
starter thing for us.
Um, I will say,
I think Case is right. We're so good.
Sorry, I cut off there.
We're good at, like,
going all together.
Yeah, I think we're better off having four people in the field
than one person.
Yeah. Hanging back.
We already have enough
to meet the, uh...
Jesus, why is it so foggy?
Can't see shit.
They didn't say it was foggy.
It is very foggy.
Wait, where's the, where's the spaceship
and the pro flashlights?
It should be here soon.
I hope there's not a quicksand around us
because I would not be able to tell if there is.
Oh, hell yes. It's time for that.
I can't see. I can't see, guys.
It is. I've penis-smoked this whole place out
live in Sleazy.
Where's that ice cream rocket?
It's my favorite thing.
Just have Case's then.
I have Case. Case. Where is Case?
I can hear you guys, but they're there.
Okay, here, Case, for you on the ground.
Um, does this help?
Not in this lighting.
Damn. Um, I don't think we should...
Well, we may as well, right?
I guess so. Yeah, I guess you're right.
I mean, I don't know how we find our way back, unfortunately.
Well, that's the tricky part.
I'm like, I don't even know how to get back.
Well, maybe if we really all stick together
until we die at least, we'll have a better shot.
Not with the pro flashlights.
Just pull it off the corpse
and just fall in comrade and then run from the spider.
What's that? No, be careful.
I ran into something.
That's quicksand. No, that's quicksand.
That was quicksand.
Okay, so...
Let's just go back. This is quicksand and foggy.
I mean, that's a wrap.
Yeah, but we just lose a whole day, right?
Well, yeah, but at least we have
extra stuff in storage.
There's no winning this.
I mean, frankly, I don't really know
how we even get back to the ship.
Just keep scanning.
Does anyone...
Exterminator?
We're good.
Okay, I thought you felt your death.
Yeah, everyone does disappear.
I see the ship. You see it?
I see the ship, yep.
Where?
It's followed this way.
Oh, I see, I see, I see.
No, I mean, there's no way we would...
There's no way.
Yeah, this isn't great.
There's no way we have to go.
There's no way.
All right.
Okay, well...
All right, just missing exterminator.
Oh, uh-oh.
What do you mean? Where's the exterminator?
Exterminator.
Exterminator?
He's not moving.
He's moving?
No, he's not moving.
He's dead.
There's no telling where he is, right on the map?
No, when you stop moving, you're dead.
Probably a quicksand.
Yeah.
Maybe we should just have two flashlights?
I'm gonna store mine.
Yeah, store yours. That's a good one.
Okay, um, I think we gotta go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There would have been no way we could have found...
find our way back.
I think he got quicksanded.
I think he got quicksanded.
The most paranoid?
I wonder if that just means that I talk the most.
Maybe. Is that it?
Exterminator, what happened?
Um, I was walking back to the ship,
and I took one step too far to the left.
I fell and...
You fell?
I landed in some water.
That was like a steep cliff.
And then I landed in the quicksand slash water.
Oh, damn.
Well, let's actually go somewhere where we can see.
Yeah, probably after we hit this next quota,
I need to call it, for myself, at least.
What do you mean?
Oh, I just have to go.
Oh, yeah, yeah, after this quota, yeah.
Um, route, Val.
Okay, cool.
D-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d.
So if two people have flashlights,
and we stick in teams of two, then I guess we're good.
Oh, I can land this right.
Yeah, Landlin.
Not foggy?
Val.
Yay.
Val.
Oh, we can see where we're going.
This is beautiful.
Hazard level C, that's not comforting.
Yeah, I don't know what that means, necessarily.
I think it's like great at rankings like A,
being hard and C, as far as danger goes.
And D as well.
So this is now.
No, D is just easy.
Oh, he's out of here.
Hello, everybody.
Where are you guys?
Wait, is that Fiona and Melko?
Yes, yes.
Exterminator sprinted off into the woods.
Oh my God, okay.
Where is he?
He went this way.
Hey, thank you for the raid.
It's an ash raid.
An ash raid.
We're playing Lethal Company.
Exterminator had a 60.
I'll see you, ma'am.
Oh, cool.
I hope he's alive.
I mean, that would be insane if he died, right?
It would be pretty wild if he sprinted off
and immediately died.
But that is the kind of thing I do.
Oh, there's Exterminator.
Oh, Exterminator, okay.
Hello.
It's how you died.
Yes, you guys should get the game.
I asked Cass if he wanted to play,
but he never responded.
He refuses to respond.
All right, shall we?
He did leave early, Commander Kevin.
I approve.
No walkies because we're all alive.
What's over here?
Oh, a red light.
A fire exit.
Yeah.
Bottles.
50?
Do we check what's outside of here?
What the hell is it?
The fire exit.
A canyon is out there.
It's a canyon.
There's some models in the corner out there.
Oh, you're right.
A bottle boy.
I hear Goo Goo.
How did you guys get there?
I have a key.
Come back, come back, come back.
Come back here.
There was an animal.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's go.
Hello, guys.
Hi, there's an animal.
Yeah, I saw it.
Okay, cool.
Okay.
You didn't get too much.
Can we close the door?
No.
Someone got an apparatus.
Nice.
Nice.
Hell yeah.
This is good.
This is good loot.
We're looting.
All right, let's go.
Yeah.
All right, fuck yeah.
Let's grab it.
What's worth less?
I guess we don't get it.
Nice.
Nice.
All right.
Now we just need to not get eaten by a giant tree monster.
Well, we, you know, we kind of finished early.
So I'm hoping there's no monster.
Yeah, Ash, you should get the games and we can all play.
Loot monster.
Loot chef.
He's rubs himself in loot.
Ah, there it is.
What a chunk.
Yeah, it's like 10 bucks.
It's like super worth it.
Hello, beehive.
Oh, look at those bees.
You can either get this or you can get uno for $10.
It's up to you.
That's true.
Uno's pretty good.
Uno's a good one, but.
All right, that was a good loot, guys.
All right.
One more.
Yeah, let's do one more.
And then we sell everything and then we're good.
All right.
You want to try and yellow with no items on us?
While we're here.
Run out there.
Well, I'll put down.
On our my348p, we probably won't have much time.
Let's just go to a new one.
We're kind of, we're kind of killing it.
I'm afraid to charge flashes too.
Oh yeah.
Let's do.
I think a lucha.
I want to get a stun gun at some point.
I would love to get a stun gun.
A stun gun would be fucking sick.
How did I sustain the most injuries?
What even?
Oh, I'm a part timer, guys.
Okay.
Let's go route offense.
We're close to the quota already.
Yeah.
No, I mean, we like, we have quota for sure.
Yeah, we have quota.
But we'll do, we'll do one, we'll do one more and try to grab as much as we can.
And then we're set up for the future.
Yeah, we'll be very well set for the future.
You know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
I don't know.
That doesn't sound great.
Competitive ecosystem.
What did you land us?
I landed on, I didn't think that was going to be a big ass dino.
I went to off.
We landed on dino world.
I went to offense.
I don't know about this.
Damn, what a waste, huh?
There's no way we can get through this.
What did the Patrick level stuff say?
It said nothing.
I guess we go to the company building.
We definitely can't get by this.
I don't think you watch me.
I don't see how.
Let's have one of us run out there, distract and another three.
Do you want to do, yeah, do you want to do the air horn?
It looks like it's gone.
If you use the air horn, it loses value.
I don't see it anymore.
All right, let's just go.
All right, let's go.
I'm going to leave my stop sign.
The monster was in the floor.
There's a floor monster for a bit.
It's the other way.
I left my flashlight too.
That's fine.
Do we have a flashlight?
Yeah.
We should be quiet, I think.
What's that?
Be quiet.
It's there.
It's coming.
What?
Liv, Melko.
Liv.
He definitely just got exploded.
What blew us up?
What was that?
Was that a monster or an anomaly?
Oh my God.
How much is our bodies going to cause?
We're going to fail the quota again because we all got blown up.
Maybe Melko has to go get something.
No, Melko has to go home now.
But what, we just died?
I mean...
What is the quota?
I think we will still have quota.
Oh, we'll have plenty for the quota.
Okay.
Actually, unreal.
That was actually unreal.
Fuck this shit, I'm out.
That was actually unreal.
We had all three of us at the same time.
I guess we were clumped up.
We were literally clumped up.
Goddamn.
We were clumped up, there was no way.
Clumps.
Damn.
My lovely lady clumps.
My lovely lady clumps.
Jesus Christ.
What?
Stupid.
Let's just go to the company.
What a fucking waste of money.
I pressed my DVR on that too.
Hopefully I got it.
I'll send it to you if I do.
Yes, please.
Because what was that?
What killed us?
That was a fucking alien spaceship.
It felt like we got nuked from orbit.
Because the creature wasn't even that close to us.
It went so quick.
It went so quick.
Mr. Ruby Boo Boo saying it's bizarre.
It was so bizarre.
I think maybe it attacked us through the rock or something.
It was from the ground.
Maybe we got like tremored.
Maybe there was a tremor up there.
I don't know if we got eaten or we fell or anything.
I don't know what happened.
We all definitely got eaten if anything.
So we got to turn in everything this time?
Yeah.
We could.
Yeah.
I think so.
I don't think we have enough.
We have enough money.
You think so?
The apparatus.
Oh yeah, okay.
Okay, yeah.
Well, I just turned in the engine.
Oh, you brought in the engine.
Bring in a thing.
Let's see how much is that.
That's 102.
102?
No, 102.
No, it says 102.
It might not be counting the apparatus.
I don't know.
Oh, it's not.
How much is the apparatus?
It's 80 usually.
Okay, that's 226.
Do we need this box of bottles?
Yes.
I don't think so.
Okay.
Do we have quota?
What's quota?
Quota is 239, but we have the apparatus.
I think we have to do the bottles too.
Because we're at 138.
Oh, the apparatus says...
Oh, the apparatus says question mark still.
Yeah, it's 80.
It doesn't factor in until we turn in.
Let's grab this.
It says 138 for me.
We can't.
I see 185.
Okay.
We should be good.
Be careful.
Who rang the bell?
Someone rang the bell?
The bell is rung.
Oh, we saw the screw.
No one rang the bell.
We got a screw.
No one rang the bell.
Maybe I didn't.
We definitely overshot that.
We overshot that for sure.
Maybe it was all the noise we were making.
It was all the noise probably.
Um...
Fuck!
Well, I guess we'll have extra, right?
Yeah, we can just buy stuff.
Okay.
Well...
Well, that was good then, right?
Good job, everyone.
Nice, we did it.
Successful...
Successful, um...
thing we did.
Chat team.
Alright.
Quota reached.
Oh yeah, I did DVR.
I can send you the video.
I don't know if you want to show it on stream or not.
It might be funny.
I want to see.
Wait, how do I look at it?
Um, I think I'm going to quit so that we can eat it.
Okay, yeah.
Well, we're going to end the stream now.
Um...
Alright.
Well, good game.
Good games, everyone.
GG.
We're back at level three or whatever.
We're three layers deep.
Yeah, we're doing good.
We're doing good.
Alright.
Things are getting good.
You're my beloved space friends.
Alright.
Alright, videos in your inbox now.
Okay, beautiful.
Alright, goodbye, everyone.
Goodbye.
See you back in hell.
See ya later.
See ya, bye.
Damn, y'all.
Another brutal day in space.
What can you do, you know?
Nothing, you just have to accept.
Space is a dangerous place.
I think we won.
I feel victorious.
And I'm in my giant space cave where I feel safe.
Alright, let's find someone to raid.
Thanks for checking out today's stream.
Guys, I'm a variety streamer now.
News end one game.
Come on, I can't be stopped.
Oh, Fiona's on.
I should raid Fiona.
I'm just kidding.
I know this.
Or is she going to keep playing?
I think she's getting off too.
Okay.
Um, I will raid our friend, Ricky Peacock.
It's a Peacock raid.
Okay.
Ask Ricky what I should eat.
Anybody sticking around for Ricky?
Ask him what I should get for food.
I need advice.
I play two games.
That's true, Resident Evil, one of these days.
A true, a real ass gamer.
Alright, I'll see you guys later.
Oh, this was just instant noodles.
I've just been sort of slowly eating because I didn't eat today.
Sometimes you gotta eat on stream.
Okay, you're the best.
We the best.
Ooh, maybe tomorrow.
We'll hit this sloppy wings goal.
We're getting dangerously close.
I'll talk to y'all soon.
Have a beautiful Thursday.
We'll send it out with a little news tomorrow.
Bye-bye, y'all.