Literally, I'm I'm gonna bleach my hair tomorrow. I'm gonna be blonde
I
Think it's cuz I'm going through a breakup, so I decided to be like
Sorry, I'm not trying to spoil it, but oh wait what does say this game was made in the lands of something
I don't know
All right, so yeah, I'm gonna just sort of lean back here. Well. What am I looking at? Is there any south?
Oh, do you not hear it? Oh, there's no sound. Do you not here? Do you hear? Oh?
Wait, maybe it's low. Oh, I hear something. I hear something. That's my oh, that's that
Maybe I don't have the game
I don't hear it now. I don't think there's sound
It's coming out of my mic, which is set to
Broadcasts broad crass stream on crass
I
See I'm robbing this
Headphones line out. Maybe there's no stop. I think you maybe you just start hearing it yet. Oh, yeah
This is turned way down. Oh, I hear it. Okay. I hear it. I hear water
Yeah, I hear water
He's bent down he's bent over
What the fuck does it? Oh
God
He said it not me
It's not this is not even like Sims. It's not like Simlish or anything. It's like literally
It's thoughtful gibberish will say fuzzy ghost fuzzy ghost. Ew. Oh, honestly, he's kind of looking cut
He's kind of serving cut
Look at him post I got it's not telling us how to fuck. How do I play? Oh, okay? Okay. Oh
My god. Oh my god. Here we go
hype train coming I
Mean, all right, let's fucking go guys. Let us fucking high tree. Oh god get high for this get high
Queer man peeing on a rock. He's peering or peering, right?
Isn't
He kind of walks a little weird. Oh, he's a bit of a fruity man. I'm assuming
Can I run I can't yeah, I could skip I can skip that's a high train run. That's a high train run
All right, what's in here? Do I die? Is this the rock? No, this is a pond
Can I can I peer? Oh?
Yeah, baby. Give me you sweet bitties deep inside me. I love it. I love it
What is what is the game? What is cases stream? Oh shoot? It didn't work. I apologize. What happened
It's supposed to automatically trigger graphics, but it didn't I guess that might not work on this setup. I'm sorry
Nothing pretty, but
Okay, well, maybe that specific graphic that I forgot to add
What specific graphic?
Nope
No, who says no?
What where do you think this man's at is this like is this just like this is the juicy first basically
Well, love it too
Hello
Pop it off today chat
All right. Here I go into the water. It's a bit too deep for my tastes. Oh, yeah, baby
Give me you sweet bitties deep inside me. I love it. I love it. Wait, so let me fix one thing
Don't have a thanks for the hundred and stormy. Thank you for the resub and shadow flame. Thank you for the hundred
What the hell was that
Listen up Jack
Microphone and I and under just Mama James 750 shiny tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this
I'm peeing in solidarity. Wow
Congratulations, Biden. It's important to express your bladder at every at any age
What the fuck is going on I'm like so
What is this music?
Okay, no, we got some music that playlist is going again. Can I fall off again microphone 900?
I fall off. Is this like your pet? I don't know what the fuck that is. I told this is like um
This is like how it feels when you're like on acid, maybe
I'm waiting for the um
I'm waiting for the the big lizard to eat me. Oh
Oh, that's
It's a what is
What are you talking about I
Went in for the Alzheimer's to get yeah, where's the alzac? I'll turn you to C foam
Dude, I don't think this guy's okay
I mean, I've done worse things
I but you know, I probably have I probably have this is what like
The people on crack on skin row like this is what they think skin row looks like
Yes, unfortunately when you see a drug addict like storming around outside of a bunch of bars
This is what they're seeing, you know, you see
I'm not making fun of anyone there because I truly think it's the most disgusting thing America has but
This is exactly what they see
And honestly, I kind of want to get on this level. Yeah, every time I take my trash out
I saw this thing following me around instead of just like oh, I'd be the happiest person
The objective of the game is to assist the queer men to piece together
The his memories about the state of his world and his prior relationship
Wait, he said the man named Dar Darrell
He said that this is a okay, so it is about like his mind is falling apart
We're in his mind palace right now, but so it's okay. So, um
Wait, so he said he has a roommate named admin
If acid feels like that you are not on acid. Well, oh, I don't think this is acid. No, it's probably not acid
I've never done acid. So this is all I can think of
Evening admin. I got a postcard today. I don't think anybody snorting ketamine seeing this world. No, no, sorry
I didn't catch any of that
But I will go put this on my wall
Well, they'd appreciate using the highly unnecessary, but vaguely music to me scroll function, which any subscriber can use
Whoa, what the hell
Said a letter to Darrell
That's a beautiful letter that's is wonderful
Evening Darrell my machine finally booted up. Thanks for your postcard
Not sure he's so fast at what it means yet seems like something arty
Pick up my first chunky today
Wait, I'm not sure what it means yet seems like something arty picked up my first chunky today
Things are looking up. I just remembered your elbow had a twinge. Are these like real words? Yep
Yeah, do you have enough tiger balm where you are dude? I think this is
Giving a schizophrenic. Yeah, I think this might be
Schizophrenia not stimulated activator. Wait, do you use the mouse now?
Okay
Printed yeah, wait shoot. Sorry. The hype train is covering up this incredible animation of printing
Is he asleep?
Brain trauma sim the twinge is real absolutely
Good morning. So did he just go to bed? I
Guess let's find you some friends. So that what did he call that thing up chunky chunky?
So we're gonna go find more chunkies
This is that does feel like a thing an insane person. Yeah, I need to find a friend for my chunky
He's like, oh, no, what am I walked into?
I
Don't know cuz like is this supposed to be like I'm also worried to like make fun of it cuz I don't know if this is like supposed to be like
Oh, I'm illness awareness or I've intrigued by the art
C-foam I
Guess I'm just a little confused. I don't know what the what the story is here
Maybe you can find out from that I miss that's I miss I remember you from before times
But were you always this big?
Is it alive? I think it's a rock. Oh my god. I miss is taking over this whole life. Hey, all right, I miss
a chunky
Where are you sir?
What's this a playground? Yeah?
creepy
Okay
This is where I need that I want to play twins inside of these though. Ah found another chunky found another chunky
This is giving me twins and five. Yeah
No chunky. Oh
No, chunky. I'm gonna get up here. Oh, I can't go up here
They have it bottled. I'm not allowed. I'm not allowed. Um
I also realize I can also skip. Ah
There's a lonely chunk that will be happy to see something about chunk
These days go by in a flash now. I'm supposed to be doing something with you all
Like what only I don't know what okay, so that's a sir be nice if admin was better at instructions
I I don't know. I just don't know what it's saying half the time
Okay, oh a sub goal shoot. Yeah, wait sub goal nine cases
Jack the number is almost as big as my age
That's accurate
Yeah, thanks for talking to you again. Thank you. Thank you, Biden
so
I'll make a small sub goal for an amongst the net segment, which I'm also looking to make
Oh, what do I do amongst the webs?
So you found chunkies for them more chunkies. Oh
Okay, what did that do
Can we upgrade his house here?
You kind of want to upgrade the
Satisfying angle of it. You're okay. So is it like are you like feeding the house you need to feed the house
Chunkies maybe we kind of improve the state of his bow. Oh, okay. Nevermind. Oh, hi. Wow. Oh, I think I know what you mean
Okay
All right, we've received the hearing static and so what were you chunky?
Okay, he's asking the questions. I'm asking this is like a memory. This is hard work
It's a sitter sitter. Oh, we should play a 3d o game
Original Gex run-through
Okay, let me see what I can do
We should play that Sega CD game with real actors. What it what does that mean?
It's just an old game. We could honestly play it. You might get a kick out of it
There might have been a couple games like that on Sega CD
Sacred pools night quest is what I'm thinking of but sacred pools is also
What's sacred pools? I think sacred pools might be the porn one. I'm down
Excuse me or figuring out what pairs and chairs. Sorry, I'm trying to figure out what what you know these ah
Oh, it's night. I want to say Moroccan
Why he's wants to say that word. Well, what a day
Thank you for that. Oh bad. We're at a little cross and just slowly but surely yeah, we're we're
Picking up pieces of our life together berber souk. I could be way up. Oh, this is this is gonna make me lose my fucking mind
Hello, Darrell. Good day today found some abyss. They're very still maybe their statues
They were statues of animals before weren't there. I like calling abyss that feels more appropriate
Yeah, right found some more chunkies to the house will be back to normal
in no time feeling good ex is
Abyss a bird an ibis. Yeah, I this is a bird. I think so. Okay
Dude, this is so unsettling that he just prints these out. It's like and then he goes to sleep
well cuz he doesn't
Does he think he's sending messages, but he's not actually sending messages
I think that person who reviewed this is like an Alzheimer's simulator is he's trying to like piece together his brain or
Right or maybe I'm reading into this too or we might be so out of league
But I think
I'm hoping that this is like there's something here. There's a big very
Beautiful message at the end of this which is makes us cry. Yeah, it might make me cry. I might cry
How do I get down there?
The question everyone's yeah, let me get down. Here we go. Oh
That looks like a chunky
You know what I'm gonna get on this kid. We need more chunkies. It reminds me of that Tim Robinson sketch or he's like chunky
They take me for reviews aren't real big J. No, how could they lie to us? Wait, what do you mean?
The reviews aren't real. There's 79 reviews. They couldn't fake 79 whole reviews
Yeah, they can't this whole thing is a sigh out by the gay agenda for sure
for sure
and like
This is all hidden sexual innuendos probably
All right, another chunky
Anyone? Anyone?
Wow today a lot of chunkies, huh?
home time chunkies
What happened to the world chunkies?
Well first came the flood
And then the flames and churning of the milk and the angels
But not the nice kind of angels
Then the arc I
Think we're still in the arc part now. Oh
He's fucking he's lost it. I don't I refuse to believe it. Love the hate. I don't think anybody's like
Fucking lost it. Here. We are home
How could you didn't lie to us when it brought us this beautiful game about chunkies and this is chunky house game?
They should have called this chunky. I do think the creator here did a great job with this walk animation
Oh, absolutely. This is how I want people to walk in Dark Souls. Yeah, I wanted to be a call-of-duty mod where everyone is
Is the queer man peering into a rock right literally?
But he this and that is accurate. That is what he's doing. He's peering into this rock. He's peering into a rock
Dude, this is kind of unsettling. Yeah, I don't like it freaks him out doing it
Sounds gooey. Yeah, like are we what are we doing? It's like where you escape the scroll courtesy of karkin
So I will live for this. Oh wait, never mind. You're in the scroll. What?
I'm just losing my mind from all these chunks. You're fucking losing it. You're fucking losing it, dude. Oh
Don't need to remember to water these ladies. I really should check my mail
Now that I have a letterbox. Oh
Is it outside? Oh
Nighttime also apologies worldwide on the other side. Good to see you, but you just be sub for the scroll to react to your commas
Letterbox assuming I set it up right which is a big. Oh my letterbox is there
Yeah, why is your letterbox all the way over there? That moon though. Wow. Where's the moon?
Check the p.o. Box. We'll check the p.o. Box in this game. Maybe the mail guy. Oh, whoa
The why is the moon so fucking close?
Ah
Now you can now you can scroll away. How do I get down here again?
Okay, I have to go this way, right? I
think so I
Think so. I have a suit. I have a fucking feeling that I got to go down here again and
Go to the letterbox and hope there's something new to discover. I'm gonna start talking like him truly
Oh
Knights Jack Haran does I
Do recall having to walk a long way to check the mail
Down lots of stairs. I don't remember them being these stairs saying this
Scafford too long. It's good. It's not like I'm
Really no absolutely or this kind of letterbox
Letterbox
All right
Is that what was his name car car Darrell Darrell is that Darrell or is that kid in jail?
Hey, it's me and Darrell. Where are you? Where are you down there? I
Remember this photo also does Darrell have a nose ring or is that is how they animate noses? I
Knew it
So
Okay, so we just go back home now
Yeah, this is just a wonderful game of of gay love and I guess it is
Just wait, I'll go send you a message. What is in there?
Thanks, Reggie. I appreciate the tough acting tough tough and quick acting, you know, he's here
With Darrell here everything will go back to normal
Okay, buddy, and he can help with remembering things in the house. Oh, it's going to be so nice having him here
Thank you so much King and Bacon
Why is your gate shut
Excuse me admin, can I come in the fuck what now?
But it's my bedtime that chunky wasn't even there before we're unlocking chunks of his brain
We don't I never had to walk so far after bedtime in my life. Oh
Wow
He's mad he's mad
He doesn't want to look at his new walk. He doesn't want to yeah, he doesn't want to he's upset
He's mad. He doesn't want to walk this
Doesn't want to go who the fuck is admin to be telling him what the fuck to do
Yeah, since when do we have to listen bossing him around?
Hello chunky. Yeah
Or in the his parlance. Oh
Guess it's a lovely night for a stroll. The stars are coming back and the moon
Did you see the moon chunky? This guy definitely makes these same noises when he's having sex
Oh, what's this thing illuminating? Oh
Just grass just grass. Okay, cool. Or is it or is it just grass or is it another chunky?
This is like a Miyazaki style storytelling. No, absolutely. Can I not go through? I?
Hope that out of nowhere a boss pops up, but it's like oh my god. I have to go all the way up
Oh
Chunky
Arbiter of the surreal cerebellum
Yeah, right chunk. Chunky's actually just like Avengers level villain. Oh, there's another chunk. Yeah, I think yeah up here. I have to go find
First came the flood
came the arc a
City and with chunkies came disparity
It's like the Bible. Are you Taipei?
I think maybe so. Oh
Okay, yeah, this guy's lost it clearly
Is it like the more you like play the the more this becomes like a normal city you're like uncovering
Things I that would make sense, but I'm gonna say it's never gonna become. Yeah, I don't think I know
It's like, where are you?
Darrell be so excited to see Taipei so sad if Darrell isn't real
Absolutely, he's out of his fucking mind. Maybe he is Darrell or Darrell. He's Darrell. Oh, he might be Darrell Darrell kind of looked like him
He wears too much black or or like Darrell's dead
Maybe Darrell is closeted. He listens. Yeah, you'll all love him. Is he telling me? I
Guess so
Yeah, what?
Can I go back home now admin? I
Like like who the fuck just locked the door on me at yourself, right?
But like Darrell
It ends with him remembering what a good
I was a good one externer
That's a good one. This is taking so long. I know you're so tired. You're suffering. Oh
No
He is giving good vibes
The other day I brought a gun Mario and I was like, yeah, I'm not checking
Oh, I am scared to but I bet he's still active. He's probably normal now
Like 16 year old phase. Yeah. Is he like he's like 20 years old now?
No, that's a big one. He's in college. He's in a frat. He's in a frat
Yeah, he just gets a bunch of bitches now. He's like fully
He's gonna become like a
Yeah, he's like he's like my hnr tax
tax guy
My cousin set me up with a job at Merrill Lynch, so
set up
And you get
and it
Get Mario definitely gives Wall Street broker guys. Oh, absolutely. He's the one who definitely helped a game. Stop
I think it is Sam Altman. Yeah, I would not be shy. Whoa, that thing is big
Weird and I want sleep. Just let me put this postcard away. Then let's finish this. He's so tired. Why are you making him do that?
There
Living says he said gun Mario says I'm unmedicated and unsupervised Jack. Oh
Use your powers to super
Glock
This game would have broader appeal if every time you got the trunk is you gotta get them up
What was that you had to take a little light them up?
Can't say he's making the house nicer. Yeah, no, it's putting pairs in it
Looks like I'm still thinking about Taipei
He thinks he's in Taipei he's fucking lost it
He's in bubblegum world
Oh, maybe he isn't Taipei
It's gonna be a rough one. We're both 80 Fiona and we get what this game was about
I get it
Literally I was getting grabbing chunkies absolutely
Can you go to bed? Darl? Sorry, it took so long to write to you
I've forgotten what I wanted to talk to you about also psycho apologies TTS only works for uh for mods right now
Or if you donate haven't run out of it. I view profan again
Good night
Dude this game is starting. I'm like it's freaking me out freaking me out yawn. Oh rain
Last time it rained like this
Darl was fucking me and the water came up through the floorboards
We had to get to every up everything up into the dining table. Yeah, we haven't even touched on his sex
Yeah, I need I need the sex memories
stat
Obama will magically appear for donations over a thousand stats crazy
Where do I go now? I don't know that makes it worth it. Also much of diamonds will fly everywhere. Oh
It's a graphically based reward system
The water came up through the floor
Yeah, that's what he said
Where do I oh? Oh, yeah
Oh a different letter box game is the edibles. No, this is full edibles. Yeah, but they shouldn't move
Oh, the letterbox is fucking sent to it. Oh
God, why is he always turned away? It's like weird. Is he gonna get slender man? Yeah, this is giving a bit slender man
There was so much rain. I forgot about the garbage falling from the sky
It turns out queer man peering into Iraq is the ultimate scp
Yeah, literally
Um
Okay
Also, is that like are those Japanese memories over there? Yeah, it's Taipei. He keeps talking about Taipei
Okay, so where do I go now? Do I do I go put it in the house? I guess
What if this game is like
20 hours today I would be like hello. What is this?
dude like
The the reality is like I love games. What?
That admin did that admin could go fuck himself. I don't think you can die in this game card game
I try already died or he's dead like yeah
This is like the afterlife because I don't know where the fuck we're at
I would argue this is the level of depth of storytelling similar to lost. I would put these two on the exact same
Plateau this is giving yeah, this is giving lost for sure
We're gonna theorize that he's in purgatory and then the credit escape is gonna say no in the end
They're in purgatory. Yeah, he's in purgatory. He
Killed a child
To fight the angels
Was that before or after?
What there's the smoke monster look at the fucking arm
Whoa?
He's like
Chunk. Oh my god
A thousand bitties my fellow Americans humans and everyone who was a part of this great experiment
We call life big j-dub 91 just absolutely pounded
1,000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress and I just have to say this Fiona
I love you on arena, but you're still not blacker than chasm. Oh
It's so funny that like I was even in that show
even like I
Was there like being made fun of damn
Barack calling you up for not being black enough. Honestly, that's fair
honestly, whatever
Another chunky
Thank you so much for the thousand that's a thousand bitty titties though. Hell. Yeah, it's always good to see Obama
You know come up from behind the scenes of secretly controlling her
Home yon time
Oh my god, what is he what is this guy holding?
Yeah, what is that real ones not like a statue kind
Yeah, that didn't look easy. It's an it's a vape. It's a vape. We're bringing back vapes here
Time to bring that back
Ending is just an Ava
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Sees takes that it's like Darrell to be fair given on the original event going ended
Sure, I in my headcanon this could be what the world that yeah to end up it. Oh my god
I have to do a rewatch of that. I think I'm gonna start rewatching full metal alchemists because it's so good the brotherhood one
So good, yeah, I do take it as a judgment of gamers live and sleep in you get
Go get him. Oh
Is there an ending to this game or or I'd say about
15% of my male friends maybe more me like 30% of my male friends vape pretty regularly dude
Everyone around me vapes. It's like dude. What are you doing? I always don't go to bars long enough anymore
But I think a bar is 100% of people they literally all vape. Oh
Oh, that's smudged. The fuck is that?
Yeah, I have I do have a lot of friends in my craft at a resting rate of constantly vaping weed
From dust held on
But instead of vampires, it's weak. This is a mess
What is that?
That's true. I've been sleeping. Oh, it's a basket
okay
Okay, this isn't really constructing like a a narrative that's building
What is that?
It's he just losing his mind more. I think he might be cuz what was that? What was that a tree?
Okay, that's a tree. No, no, no. We already yeah, he calls this smudged. What the fuck was the other thing?
Yeah, what was that? I don't see it in the home
It's time to write to Darrell. All right Darrell or a Darrell
Darrell I am beginning to wonder if this place isn't normal like the world wasn't like this before why can't I remember?
Why can't the letterbox just stay in one spot? Oh
Well, you're losing your mind
That's probably the reason and truthfully I can imagine
We have about three more postcards to find. Yeah. Oh, it's there
Chunky, I think this game has the same ending as Bloodborne, right like look at this. Oh
What the fuck you get the good end?
Whoa, what the fuck? Oh, that's what we
That's not I was tired. Oh, no, this poor man is losing like he's losing his mind like what he's aware of it
He's like, oh, no, I didn't mean to make that
Where did you come from that review was right? That review might have been real the Alzheimer's. Yeah, I
Can't believe someone literally made a
simulator
You got this come down in the rain Darrell. Oh
My god, what is that, bro? I guess he's having memories of like a good vacation
He had with his boyfriend either that or it's tight pay and also I think like how do I get up there? Oh?
How did you get up there?
Okay, any more chunkies
We're on a chunky. We're on a chunky. We're on a game play focus here. Can we move through the story so we can get to
Sorry, I'm trying to just get the
People speed me
Yeah, I'm trying to speed run queer man peering into rock pool dot jpeg
My name is silver Excalibur 487 and today I'll be running
Manping into a peering into I got this in 10 minutes. Let's fucking go
So here let's you jump straight through the first thing the pear smells
Wait, you're not an ornament this is food
Well, I would get rid of that
What's this? Oh, you got a kitchen has this kitchen been here the whole time what and it's not oh
No, it's brain. I'm hungry. I haven't eaten since
since
I'm starving. Oh, okay. It's actually a cry from hell from chat GPT which has become
These cupboards don't even have real handles my brain is all noodles
Noodles, that's what I want
I bet there's noodles in here. I
Bet there's fucking noodles
Oh, is this a button? Oh, no, I thought it was gonna be like a mannequin, but right. Yeah. No. I was like, oh an ass
Okay, so he has a fridge now
Well, if you've been the squirrel cut off attack in the show a
Noodle mixer. I don't think so. I think that's a blender. I wouldn't make I wouldn't put noodles in that
Where's his like real good at clearing all these trunks? Yeah, where's his like nurse?
You know what I mean like noodles and a cooker
I'm worried for him. I'm worried to time for noodles. Okay. Let's hope you know. Yeah, it's not noodle mixer. Oh
A box. No, they're meant to be inside
The noodles go in and cook
Baby babby building oh
I'll go out and find noodles myself
He's like really hungry, I mean he hasn't eaten anything
Okay, this is looking slightly tidied up flood. Don't need that
Alright, let's go find some noodles
Rixie said it's perfectly normal to have noodle brains and spend your days searching for chumpies
Important thing is you never admit it or you're too old to be the president
Hey, all of us are gonna be old eventually we gotta train up. I'm training my brain
I'm training my brain to be finding chunkies. Okay. Yeah, I'm preparing iPhone IQ game
Yeah, where are the real people? I'm preparing for chunky hunting when it will happen. Okay, his chunky hunting will happen
This is retired. I am practicing and and when I find those noodles ooh when I find those noodles
You guys won't fucking believe
You guys won't fucking believe what I'm cooking in that box
Oh good a box for cooking a box for cooking. Yeah, let me get those noodles
What the hell is our man supposed to do here? It's too flood. I can't yeah
He's we're trying to find noodles, but I can't I can't find noodles
He told us he'll never find them. Oh my god
Wait, who said that? Oh his friend
He said it he's like I'll never find noodles. Oh because he was so determined to find noodles
I mean, he's clearly still trying. Oh, can you still get over that island? Oh, maybe I might be over there. Yeah
Let's try that tree
Yeah, it's like literally dude
He's a yeah put the noodles in the box at the bottom of the buffalo bill well
Literally, this is all a fucking dream. This is what what's her fucking name? What's names actress?
This is kind of the perfect game for us to play there because I feel like there's a chance
We will beat it today. Oh, I'm beating this because if I don't get my fucking noodles. I
Need my noodles. Oh
The noodles is at the Minecraft tree in the back. Oh good. Oh
Good. Oh good
Yeah, so once I get the noodles from this pink rock right next to the minecraft once I get them right next to the minecraft tree
I'm gonna bring it back into my house where my neighbor
My neighbor admin is going to screech at me and let me know that I can either put it in the box
The box noodles and the or the noodle mixer totally totally everything you just said. Yeah, or the noodle mixer
Oh, oh this tree is following me
And the noodles aren't here
I walked here for nothing
The noodles so no noodles noodles where the fuck are the noodles
Yeah, what the hell are we supposed to wait? Are they can we so I got to that bird in the distance? Well, oh the here
Over there. Well, I think it might be flooded
Just wanting that bird gives a ride. Maybe it's here
Maybe that bird
That's a ride
Yeah, no, I know you're thinking my brain's been thinking. Yeah, you're thinking chunky. That's that's what we need. We need to think chunk
Yeah, if I take this bird and fly to get the noodles
If you hit the Roblox like you've gone too far. Yeah, this would be the ultimate Roblox mod
Oh, yeah, this is what any kid that plays Roblox now. I get the age of like 10 to 12
Yeah, maybe
This is what happens when you play too much Roblox at the ages of like eight to 12
I mean, I'm I mean, I don't I kind of miss his mad walk. I want him to get pissed. Yeah
He got really upset that last time. Yeah. He's like, oh, I'm so upset
Oh
No guidance
Okay, what until you're right there's stairs. I tried. Yeah, so I I tried going down, but it's flooded there
Like we can't go down the stairs. Can you just go back in the house? No, he closed the door
Close the door on me
Darrell Darrell Darrell, please
Darrell
Yeah, like where am I?
Good name for yogurt core. It does look like a gogurt ad
The danimals are on the animals
Bro speaking of animals like that's a good. That's a good IP
Can you walk around your porch? No, I can't it's closed off
Is there anything you do that tree? I?
Mean, I didn't get like a button action. So
It's just slightly glowing. I can like just walk through it. You get sparkly. Yeah
my guy like
Yeah, I am like trying to even like a sparkle or something to really guide me. Maybe this is GG
Does anyone have a
Tutorial we might be we might have the world record for beating this game because we might be the only people who ever played
Yeah, that's probably true, but there's 79 reviews 79 people must have played this game
Yeah, but I'm guessing they gave up here and we're not going to oh, I'm not giving up if there's one thing
I'm gonna fucking do is get these noodles
No, Darrell's the new Carl. Sorry. It's like Darrell from the walking dead. Oh, but oh
Oh, Darrell. Why is there a trigger a random cutscene?
Darrell's
Home is floating away
Uh-oh action scene. Oh, am I supposed to do something? I guess just follow it. This is kind of sad
This is kind of sad Darrell is leaving
But is it actually leaving or am I just oh? Yeah, go down there. I'm not going any further
Well, what do I do? I'll go inside and message him. Oh
Of course, of course. So no noodles
Look at him running. This is a new run. This is a new run animation lock a new run a lock
He's like not going any faster. This is that's right Vania style progression
Yeah, this is where
This is where shit gets real guys. I don't know where you unlock a double jump. Yeah
One of these days will rock. Yeah double jump and a and a ground. Yeah
Darrell, are you okay? I'm gonna come help you
Are you we just gave you every opportunity to try to swim man. He just prints it out again
Okay, I need to find some rope. Oh, I don't think that's for Darrell. Oh, that's what Darrell next up the gun
Yeah, we're nudes list. He gave up. Oh
Plot twist plot twist. He can't escape. Did he just give up?
What you're gonna get rope man. What happened? Oh my god the bird grew another head
Holy shit. He's so depressed. Oh, dude. He's not doing good. Looks like rain garbage last night after all
What the fuck is going on? Oh my god, there's so many chunkies. He doesn't even care. Oh, he doesn't even care about the chunkies
Wait, where do I go?
It rained garbage last night. Hello. Cast away in your own mind. It's time to go to bed
Whatever your name is I can't
What did he say he needed to do he didn't say shit. He just told me that he just told me
Skopak looks how's it going
It's not working
And yes, this game is as unhinged as any more unhinged than anything we're saying. Yeah
In a subtle way though, I got to give him credit. It's it's unsettling in a way. I wasn't expecting
Yeah, it is a bit unsettling, but I'm trying to wonder like what am I supposed to do?
Chunky a chunky I can't care about any of these chunks. I don't know. We just have to check on Darrell
So we just have to look for his house. Oh, is it here? His house is long gone
Is it look down there? Oh look?
Whoa. Hey, that's our cafe. Oh, he's happy. Oh, he's in a good mood
Damn, that is the power. How do I get over there entirely about his trouble. Absolutely forgot about his trauma
How do I get down there? It's not just down the stairs. I don't know
Dude, this game is Dark Souls. This is the Dark Souls DLC for a Dark Souls game. Wow
Lot of stuff here. I'm gonna find Darrell holding an egg
He's just hanging there
It's nice to see Sydney again. Oh, so we're in Sydney now. It's a bit smudged
Maybe I just need a coffee. Oh
Wow
Yeah, I mean Alzheimer's will do it, huh
Was there a chunger to pick up? Shape shifter? I'm too gullible. I don't even know. I don't think there was any chunk chunkies
I'm gonna look in here
Unceasing
Synecdoche, New York. I never saw that movie. Was that any good? Which one cuz it was like this game that I got a chicken
Which wait, what is it? There's a movie called Synecdoche, New York
But I remember getting good reviews. Oh, you're flat
I'll make my own coffee
What? Oh, you're flat. Oh, you're just a flat man. I want to see them make this into a movie
I can't see. Oh
You see what we tell you to see
What the fuck? Oh
No, you pull off a pull off an elite frame perfect out of bounds and now we can skip to the end of the game
Well, I don't know where I'm going. Okay. I
Can't like change the
He said he wants to make his own coffee, so I just go back to the right
Like here, you can't like walk around and then go left, right?
Jesus this game
Okay
The walk is still immaculate. Maybe he just doesn't maybe sometimes this guy does lie. He does lie
He doesn't lie. He does lie. Yeah, he does lie to me sometimes. So maybe I just have to leave
Struggling
Just have to leave the letterbox. Oh my god. I thought he was throwing up
It's not wearing pants. It seems yeah, who's that?
Does this mean you're okay Darrell? Does he look up? He's staring into the fucking. I don't
Silent Hill
Okay, so no coffee
No coffee
Or do I go back now and see if we can do it
Just maybe just go back
Go back home
Yes. Yeah, okay. No no coffee here
Okay, I guess yeah, I'm just gonna go back home. I guess I don't know
It's just worrisome because what happens is like the doors are closed
Is there anything here?
Any sparkles
Did I look like having Alzheimer's I sound fucking crazy any sparkles
Well, then I guess those these games really are connected this game in this classic film
Honestly
It's this so next can you work and lost the great works of American intellectualism? I
Think the door might be closed
Was there no other chunkies
Was there no other chunkies?
Milord was there and an ounce of a chunky I
available Eastern King's news a chunk for you master and a chunky for you my dear
Yes, yes
We all chunk. It's not letting me
It's gotta be done there right we just must have missed something this this looks nice. That's a rock
That's a rock. I guess maybe the coffee thing was real. I well, but it wasn't let me
All right, somebody look up the game facts for this and like literally wouldn't let me
Can we get the official Nintendo power strategy guide for this someone please I?
Don't want to keep going down and walking around with a centerfold map. I wish there was fast travel
Yeah, I really don't know if this might be the only YouTube record of this game existing
Yeah, it's a live odd of this. Oh, I should have just streamed this on Twitter
Yeah, honestly, like yeah, right though. Honestly, this is a Twitter game for sure
So I have to make the coffee. There is a playthrough video. Okay, I
Think I have to make coffee
Listen Fiona and I are steam explorers. We'll find the weirdest games on steam. I promise you
Other than the porn games that are you know, I do believe that shapeshift. I
Believe that that in my headcanon. That's what happened
Okay
Okay, dude, what an insane choice
Yeah, this is just not I guess we could we could go to YouTube and look up a playthrough
What do we need do we already need to cheat? I don't know where I'm going. Okay, let's maybe it's like Castlevania
And you have to like go to a corner and hit a certain button combination. There's a secret door. Yeah, there's a secret door
Where's the secret door?
French crime. I we I don't know we we were discussing playing French crime again, and then we
Wow sick
I'm near just like do we care and I guess we just don't well the French crime
I was down to do French crime and then I was like it's so long
I'm taking these chunklets home, but you're asking for too much. Look at this place. You want me to remember so much. I
Didn't even remember eating. Oh
This whole street is photos and my barista
My beefy muscular barista
Him being flat is a travesty
Damn
Kendall's calling me
Everything is such a mess
Let me check
Welcome to the world chunkies. Oh, yeah, I'm done. I'm done. I'll be free anytime after like four
It'll turn you to see
Yeah
Gotta go see Furiosa
Went tonight possibly. Oh, I need to go watch it. I'm gonna watch it next week probably. Yeah
I'm gonna watch Furiosa. I also want to get I want to go watch Wolverine's when it comes out
You sit down and Chris Hemsworth is immediately like I need to find the chunkies. I need the chunkies
in you get
My destiny girls FMV dating sim. What's that? I was playing the dating sim that metal chaos bought me and
I still need to finish that. Oh
noodles no
Please noodles
Please noodles look at that handyman hammer. Maybe that's what Darla's telling me. I need to take these things into my own hands
Okay, so we need one more picture
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, okay. Fuck. Yeah
Yes, I ate the pear while you were sleeping
It was terrible now everything tastes like sloppy pear
Let me write my letter now. I'm sick of today. Oh
Okay, I guess no more chunky. Oh God. Thank you
Oh, this is like insane my dear darl. It's been a rough day here. I feel terrible. I couldn't come get you
I hope you're safe. I'm taking your advice but but and getting things done and had a lot of coffee
Damn they just prints it out
And it doesn't go anywhere because he's also the other letters are gone now
Yeah
Yeah, where are they going? Oh, no, I'm awake
Damn I say that every morning. I mean
Wait, oh God
It's a chunk zaster. I
Haven't saw me and you're putting me to work
I'm gonna make such a mess
I'm just gonna misremember everything
Okay, this is like
It's like insane
Wait a minute
Crazy
This game is fucking nuts
Okay
Yeah, dude like my god. Oh, no, I'm awake
Was relatable thing. Yeah. Oh
What the fuck was in the trash? Yeah, what was that? This is a trash to your memory. It's the trash
Yeah, he says that it rains trash sometimes whatever the fuck that means
Okay
Anti-animal crossing you're unimproving your yeah, you're literally I have a lot of things to remember right now
This poor dude just falls asleep at the computer every night. It's bad
Finding this in the garden bitch seems right
Wow, okay sassy pants
What the fuck?
This is what happens when you stop playing at him. Yeah, of course
What was that what is this even for
Okay, it's a jumpscare. Dude something about what the fuck a calculator
Yeah, did you say should put this back in the computer and the garbage in the garbage, okay
Okay, why can't you just write to me admin can hardly talk everyone feels so far away like I'm at the bottom of a well or something
Okay, Buffalo Bill
It just unlocks the entire Silent Hill film
Right, I have a lot to me silence of the lambs. There we go the chunkies in my brain are starting to get
Oh the light what a sleep. Oh, I slept all day
My body clock is gonna be a mess as facts. Oh, what the fuck silence of the hills have eyes. I saw something look
It's flashing
SOSing
Flashing move chunkies. I need to save my boyfriend
Hey, hello. Hello. Are you there? Oh?
No, yes. Yes. I mean so he was there. I need a torch. I'll get one from the garbage. Oh
Here no
I reckon I can use this one. Come on be a good chunky and be a torch
Come on be a good chunky
It's like is that a oh wow
Okay, okay bestie. All right summoning things. I thought there's like a pipe for a very magical man
Darrell is partying. Darrell's having a great time over there. Oh, he knows fucking Morse code
The things you remember. Yeah, yeah, yeah
You don't know what the Chuck hope you're okay the cream play
Oh, I sent a little hot. Also shout out to the exterminator who?
Updated the news section to be a little easier for me to parse
What postcards?
pics of us
Don't have stamps wasn't me
SOS sinking
I'm coming. Oh
Damn, I mean I want nothing to do with you admin. Oh shit, okay
Well, then how do we get there buddy?
I think you have to interact with that thing. Oh, he's walking on water. Oh, it's sinking. Oh
It's sinking. Oh the jacket's gonna soak up the solution
Is it boss battle time?
Is he dead?
Darrell artificial artificial it's like a fucking super smash bro. Yeah, mr. Man. Yeah, mr
Darrell this place is certainly
Unusual
No, not at you anyone but you okay, oh
Shit, oh
I'm ignoring you. No, don't ignore him. He's trying to help you
You've blown it
Oh
Darrell's there. This is death. Is that Darrell?
Please tell me that's Darrell and all the messages. I'll say we have the cure. Yeah, that Darrell
Pickle you made it. It is you. Oh
Is he disappearing? Oh
My god, I thought they were like gonna fully have sex fully have talked tongue fuck each other
So good to see you again. Hello
What's going on here? Oh
It's just admin
But I don't want to talk to them
They've been trying to know how I feel about that they've been lying to me, you know how I feel about look at the
Wait, look at the distance real quick
Look at look to your left
Look, it's just that fucking guy. Oh, what the fuck? Yeah, this is even gellin
Where were you before all this?
In my house, I guess I think do they both have
What about you or have you been same just on my island in my house and
Before that
Oh
The first thing I remember is looking at a postcard. Oh wow
So this is admin really wanting attention. Yeah, and lying to us
What if it has something important to say it's the medication you don't need it
Oh
What the fuck great now the postcard is full screen
See, this is why I thought the postcards were from you. This is dude. This is saying this is when we were in Taipei
Oh when you were living above me
Yes, and there was a hole in my floor. I
Saw you through my ceiling. Do you remember all this pink stuff?
No, they look like pixels. Are you okay? No, I'm not dark. Okay. Yes
I'm too annoyed to scream
Is this them dying? Are they dead? This is us, right? Did they get killed by no way? That's you
Why do our faces look so different it seems a bit dramatic even for us
Do they break up and who would have taken this photo and that garbage falling from the sky?
Yeah, don't you remember we're garbage when the rain got really bad. There was garbage, too
And it was world-ending
Why am I going through did they live in that walled city that got destroyed wait? I know what this is
You know what what you know what what is this is all from a movie
These are scenes from a movie
What fucking movie?
We love this movie. It's called the whole
By Tsai Ming Liang
Is that real?
We're all we've always loved his movies
Except in the movie the real one. I think this was a dance scene
And I didn't see this as a postcard why would this seem be so very different
What has admin been trying to say is it that they can't speak for themselves and they try using movies?
I'll pay apparently it's a real movie. Whatever they can find in our memories. Is that why they're so confused?
This was the end of the movie
When the world was ending
Is admin trying to tell us is the world how the world ended
What the fuck is going on?
Now this is dramatic. You're so chill all their brains are level. They are literally losing their fucking mind
It's melancholy enough. Yeah, I guess so
What is this?
It's the spiral. This is like a blender
Excuse me. It's Uzumaki suddenly
They just put everything in together
But couldn't keep them separate
The Digiverse
If you eat metal if you meet metal at the end of this I'll stand up in a blood. Yeah
Pictures animals junk browser histories into a computer
Maybe but it still feels physical doesn't it?
Feels like a mess more like I hope as I lose my mind
It's like so it's so positive
Dude, I'm like this is fucking awesome
Yeah, let's look through that hole. I knew it
What what's in there?
My house
Metal gray mode. Oh, yeah. Oh, I love that lamp. I
Knew you would here are the postcards much less impressive on paper. It's a lot of noise
So what do I do now? Yeah, I like to imagine if it's Steve Carell tried to make a really introspective game
It just be like this but just a lamp which could be better or worse. I'm not sure it's who
You tried real hard. It's all very confusing
What am I
Tasty zero. Yes, I think unfortunately we are so admin is I
Guess not so bad after all
They seem even more confused than we are
They were left to clean up
Just like us I guess
So where are we going?
Chunkies to collect a world to remember god. They're setting up the sequel or part two of the why us
How did we not get blended?
Maybe we did
Bro
This is like an Adam and Eve story
It's a literal Adam and Steve Adam and Steve
Forever negating that powerful
Right
This music is fucking insane
chunky
What do you suppose this chunky was?
Not sure. I
Think it's something big
Mountain maybe
This makes a whole mountain. You don't have to find chunkies everybody
Oh
Hummuck this is much easier with someone else. Oh, that's sweet. That's sweet. That's very cute. What do I do?
He comes a chunky battler
But where do I go? I think in your house, dude, this me. Oh, no, I not yet
This music is insane
It's just gonna make us walk back through all the fucking locations to get like oh my god
Fuck it's gonna be takes so long
This part of the simulation when you are losing your mind like fuck everything's taken forever. Yeah, that's takes forever
What an interesting game I I and all because we searched peace
All because we searched pee and then somehow found an Alzheimer's game
About chunkies Darryl and a movie. Yeah
And a man with an incredible walk honestly several incredible walks many many great walks
That's it. It's so not that it's not now this chunky. I have no idea what it was
I don't think you knew what any chunky has been it is seemingly a love story unless they're tricking us
It's a very good idea
Let's see. Hey, what if we get them all back together?
It's a lot of like, you know
I'm I'm like obviously slowly losing my mind because I like my brain likes to piece things together and like
Try to make sense of things and this is just a game that doesn't make sense
It's a good strategy that a lot of games about kind of madness employee where the characters are obsessed with questions that you
Would just never ask yeah, right because I'm like this is like that none of this shit makes any sense
Okay, I have to go over there. It's like Jesus Christ
We've clearly lost our minds and said they're like maybe we should get these chunkies to get the chunkies and then now I'm like, oh chunky time
Yeah, I don't know. Um, I have not understood anything. They've said to me
I've tried to put them two and two together. Does it make any fucking sense?
Yeah, some kind of trip to Taipei with emotional resonance. Yeah, and I
think it's related to his relationship with his
Former boyfriend or lover or something. Yeah, like it's Darrell alive or just remembering that barista because that's like a former hook-up
Yeah, the barista. Yeah, the barista was fucking weird when he said that he had like a fat ass basically
I was like hello
That would be incredible Google trash if in the matrix agent Smith is like the first matrix was a paradise that he shows
Literally
Right and do you not remember like the angels and things he was talking about? Oh, I think we're done. Alrighty
That's all of them. I guess thank fucking God. You worried about getting things, right?
I mean, that's always gonna be there. I think Darrell clipped out of bounds. Unfortunately, Darrell. Yeah, no
We can only do our best, right?
I guess
Oh Darrell's here. Let's go inside
These shoes are not good for sand. I I hate sand. I bet you do
Does it get in your boots? Yeah, it gets in your boots
But you know what I'm wondering like is Darrell does Darrell also have Alzheimer's like is it both of these people?
Cuz they like even with the way they talk to each other
I'm like does anyone have a clue of what's going on agent Smith coming to multiverse. Wow
They didn't decide to bring in Neil Patrick Harris as the therapist
Darrell
Is he locked out?
Dude, that barista was selling cake, you're right. Dude, like but he was flat. That was the most shocking ending they could have had
I'm gonna learn something, but it was
I'm blown away. I'm blown away. What a plot twist. The plot twist was the end, bitch
Get wrecked. I guess they just didn't love it Alzheimer's rule
So I guess this game suggests that when you get Alzheimer's, yeah, you're mentally connected to everyone else in your life
Is that what you got from that?
Yeah, all I got a superpower of telekinesis or sorry and supporting tiny queer indies
The whites came on and they're horrifying mental maze of
It's a beautiful game. It's just like because it doesn't make any sense. I'm having such a tough time
I gotta give whoever made this credit
The vague feeling this game gave me is will stick with me. Yeah forever. Oh, you could restart day. Oh
That was a day I
Didn't tell chat and we could do this before you see it to go that we would use the internet
There's a bunch of videos
That could be a way to mentally let's mentally fucking figure out where we're at right now. Okay. We'll do that here
Close it off and everything
Jesus what a fucking weird game we found. I'll go ahead and click with oh, I can't
Oh, you're stuck there forever
Wow
All right
Next time will be a more fun game guys. I promise I make no problem. We do we do need to play a gardener band band
I know I just did I'm so bad at playing scary games alone
That game a good review, but I think whoever left at the positive review
Yeah, and said and described it accurately was that was you know, I laughed I laughed at that review because I was like
What an insane thing to write but he was absolutely correct saying the gospel
Actually was saying the right thing all right, let's use some internet. Okay. Oh
I see some titties I see tits. Wow. This is gonna be a tit heavy use the internet
Yeah, and they're all psych or
Psych we're dropping the hotness in shell. Let's see what we got
Running in those heels
Pretty that's pretty good those heels running in those heels are crazy. That's also a wild outfit to put on to go for a while
Wow
Invincible heels
Could pierce the hole of a battleship dude
Stormy G is sprinting at all times and yeah, yeah stormy G
Shit, dude, I'm getting nervous is one of these gonna break. Yeah
Stormy careful
These are like those heels are crazy
She's able to do insane things with those heels
Holy shit. She's in shape apparently. I mean that was an insane video. It's a hell of a workout
sweet, but psycho
This is what Casem would like
This is what this is like a Twitter D or a tic-tac D. I'm from absolutely
I
Never realized that what they say there is oh mama mama my mama my mama mama. Oh mama. What's this so confused
Wait, is this real damn?
That man was chunky hunting. That was chunky hunting, but isn't Bieber another word for pussy
It is but I mean I think he means a more literal creature
Based on this man's beard, I think he does both wait, it's quiet. It's too quiet
I can I can jack it. This one's just a little bit quiet. Oh, I can jack it chat
Yeah, I have everything maxed out on volume chat. Apologies. Well, he eats beaver. It's fine
Wait, wait this walrus went in and just poked his fucking oh
Get
That felt like that was like personal absolutely. This is your stream
Okay, no wait, maybe not no I say this stuff on my screen. Yeah, she needs a telepathy
Okay, damn
Who is this son son freaks son?
Son we should try to find some fire TV son fire TV. We should find going to pull some TV
Yeah, pull up. I just want to see what she's live right now. She might be live
She is not live right now live. She's a drummer. I mean, she's a really good drummer. Wow. She is good
Wait, is there any huh? She doesn't have any
Twitch con performance. Well, she's just a drummer. I thought maybe she wouldn't be doing insane things. I mean, this is kind of crazy
We are doing support son fire TV. Yeah
What a position is she gonna drum, huh?
There we go. All right, son fire. Great work. Okay, so great. Awesome. Not really amazing stuff here. What's this?
Okay, that's pretty good pretty good
Anakin
Now I'm just playing it's bailing. Don't bullshit. It'll take you to jail for that. It's bailing. Yeah
I literally thought you're just asking my costume
I said, what's your first name? I know I thought you're talking about the cost of your body needs to be
Listen up Jack
91 just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this one wants to sniff her hair
I can relate
I
Can that kind of a hallucination when an AI does that
What
Well, like Biden's doing great. Okay, he's just trying to remember what he wanted to say that was actually in the top
That was pretty good. That was real Joe
He's like the trunk and it never stopped and it didn't stop like even thought he was gone
I
That's the party I it's not life like
Isn't there real crimes we're wearing outfits in the store
It's not a human face a quick question. Why are you so upset?
Yeah, man all the time being proud of me. We're doing dogged the other night
It's your sister, bro. Oh
You got a favorite stars movie
Mine's revenge of the Sif. They need it back up. Why is
Wait, is this real?
So just so we know what not to do next time what a what crime do we I don't know
Wait, this is insane
Had slightly unreal vibes to me. Oh my god. Look at my boy
Damn his figure right there is him following you
Dude, I love this energy he gives out so he's just in the like scooper part of a
construction vehicle
Like this one of the greatest storytellers of the modern he's the best. This is such dad energy. Oh
Shit
This is a character new character drop character unlocks
New character just drops good. Why do I feel like he's gonna show me his dick?
I think he is it's its whole body right now. You ever been fucked by a half-soft
He's getting close. Oh
He's doing my pose
No
Okay
Whoa, there's some serious nipple grazing going on there
He has he wears that hat all the time that it's in his like skull. Did he marker?
Damn, is this a intentional character by this manners? Oh, okay, so this character's welcome USA style case
This is your next character, dude
Wow, that was it damn guys
Well, the threat has not been fully populated yet because we just reset everything basically good to my on-screen screen
That's good. All right. Well, those are your top five to top seven to ten videos
Who knows I saw I stopped counting after it
I thought I saw a chunky and the corner my eye
I think I also finally should be able to set up something so you can vote
Attack of the show style for video. Oh, that'd be awesome. Oh
You're adding to your
250 scenes. Yeah, I need a couple more scenes. My scenes look like that game. We just played my scenes are getting too chunky. Oh
There's an old is there an older thread? Oh, this is the older thread
Not yet, but I should have the exclamation point number thing worked out soon, like how did they get an orangutan?
Why is this orangutan eating grapes in a car?
Oh, you might you might be impressed by this lady in pink
She looks kind of familiar I did watch this tic-tac before but she also looks kind of familiar
Don't want to look at that
That is not okay
Chicks
What did he say is this going to get some cheeks after this horsepower drink is what he said?
I don't know what that means. Oh, you'd say it
This is pretty nuts. This is a longer one
Does she expene he's like gonna like fuck. Yeah. Yeah, he's gonna get like I guess not like an erection
It's like an erection. Oh
He's gonna get sex, okay
What is happening? They're having like a
This is that punch kind of out of nowhere. It's like an argument, but not it. Yeah, and even when he punches his face is like this like
Where's his pants? Oh
Also, is that guy a racer? Is he just a dude that walked up? He's like in the beach shorts
the sound
About six people are fighting here. This is literally tummy tummy. Yeah
Also good balance on these guys. They keep getting shoved off stairs and just landing
The guy in black is well-hated. I see
Cameras like all around I don't give a fuck
Was it cast them
I don't give a fuck. Did you hear any send back? I don't give a fuck
There's fucking what's it called the fucking
It's the fucking
No, it's the yeah, it's the other thing that Kevin does that was it I forgot what it's called Kevin's progress vapes and
Crypto to zone and yeah, yeah, literally Zin Zin
All right. Well, what are you about to do case?
You know, I might call it there for today. I'm gonna stream tomorrow. That's fair. Um, normally I would play a little
Fallout yeah, I kind of need to brush up on a couple paid projects
Well, that's fair and I have to go back home and prepare my discussion with my girlfriend tonight
Thoughts and prayers everyone. Yeah, that's awesome prayers
We'll see what happens
That's how life comes at you life comes at you pretty fast on a full moon, too
she's going to end the day Ferris Bueller or
The guy that crashes the dead scar both of them end up learning valuable lessons. Yeah, you know
I might just go back on my bender era. You guys remember my bender era during g4. I
Remember you remember I learned I wasn't really in her proximity during benders, but she showed the next day and be like
You were there you were there at some occasion
They're occasional just about too early to be there for the late night. Sure. That's true
But I was on a bender going through it
But I would come back to work the next day hung over
Stories pretty pretty I was on it. I was on it, but I was going through it
I might go back. I might go back to this. I might go back to this bender, you know dependent on how tonight goes
Or I maybe take a healthier approach and I take some time to myself and self reflect
Okay, here's a poll to guide Fiona check cheeks or break up
Do I if I get broken up do I go out tonight and fuck?
Or do I go back home and you know reflect on myself?
I don't know if we have any mods in chat that can make that poll, but I'm curious
Yeah, the reality is guys reality is it's kind of up to me about this breakup
It's it's kind of my decision. I chew honestly. It's really tough
It's really tough to
It's really tough to what's it called to
To break up with someone actually
The best pull I've ever had
You know, we'll see we'll figure it out
That's what the last game we played is about to cheeks or reflection
Yeah, it's cheeks or reflect and he chose cheeks and I think that's the life-affirming choice
Yeah, you know, it might be oh, no, who knows it's gonna be it could be you know continue
Press start to play
Reload last save and continue
Reflect is it reflect is having it seems like the longest poll ever my polls are usually two minutes
But generally I'm screaming over them as well as to psychopaths. Yeah. No, I mean, you know
What would cheeks do cheeks would help me feel better just at the moment and then maybe I
feel bad after or
I don't wallow in my sadness. I go straight out straight out fucking running. I
Just it is hard to break up with someone
If she's watching this dream at least she's gonna see it coming not watching
Not watching this stream. I think well, we'll see it. We'll see it, you know, it could be a discussion
Could be a break, but maybe not a break up
That's the best way to break up is with a break. Yeah, and then eventually you're like up
Wait up. Bye. Bye now
Give yourself what you need 50 50. Oh, that's the ultimate you guys are making it so hard for me
This chat is incredible at nailing the 50 50
See it looks like though usually I let them use channel points to juice the votes. Yeah, this one's more of a legit poll
What's why is it 50 50? You guys are not helpful guys. Is anybody gonna break this deadlock break all of our
Active chatters voted already. Oh just barely cheeks
Damn cheeks with the 51% these are presidential poll numbers. All right guys. Well, I'll have a story for next time
Most likely let us know if the cheeks had it after all
Because the cheeks had it here
Really could be I feel like a senator now. It could be well guys
Off I go into the abyss. Let's rate
Send you brucey babies way
All I see is green
Maybe he's taking a day off and I don't I never know I am getting off where you when I often start so
That's very true
Alright everybody, thanks for hanging out. Thanks for letting us
Rend your brain to pieces. Oh, yeah, thanks for experiencing mental illness with us. Yeah, it's a sneak peek
If Biden or Trump die they're running queer man
Peering into a pool as the as a candidate for either party crazy what Joe Biden said
That was a crazy if anyone can clip that I'd like to rewatch it
Our faces must have been priceless
Very yogurt yogurt core is the hottest new yogurt core. I love that. All right, everybody. Thank you so much for the subs
Thanks for hanging out with us. Thanks for peering into the rock and we'll see you soon. Have a good one
Still Bruce high from behalf of Fiona night. Hi from case and fee