Give in the slip
Watch the throne
Queen Elizabeth the second in the bone zone
Ask out the wagels now. I'm popping with the P
Tiny legs spreading on
In the streets with the kids
Damn, damn clown, we better put some for present day
I hate
Look at this hot hype already flowing in here
My god good to see everybody. It's Friday
We're in slightly. Oh my
What could it be this time?
Looks like we've got
Another rat in the wall. Hi Peter. Oh
We got a lot of we're gonna get some extra Peter today. That's exciting speaking of the wall. I
Gotta beat on an electrician which I have to send into the wall for safety purposes
So the walls almost ready to be explored
It's a slightly more complicated process setting up this wall expedition that I thought it might be
But it's so close to ready
And oh just in time for the stream to start in case you're wondering if I look a little extra jittery today
You might have guessed the cats are hanging out again the cats ride again. Let's see if we can see him
I'll move let me move this
There they are. You can really only ever see the one
But she found a blanket she likes so I might never be able to use that that green thing behind her again
Because she's using the green thing the bigger green thing
What can you do?
Unfortunately, I'm still in my huge studio
Okay
Good to see everybody again sinister dev skull meet John Michael Greg to you currently working mr. Whoopie boo boo and to daddy
Skull meet CV loves you if you love to see you as well just some addict
Apple dapple so breechy the master mob live in sleazy could be in here somewhere. I worship shadow
others
In case I missed you
We're happy to have you here
As always
Let's see
What are we getting into today?
Dr. Zay is good to see you all the way from YouTube land
It is a very greenhouse. Oh
My god my arm my arm
It's a very green room
Although I think the color settings of this camera make it look even more green. I got a green couch
Because I was like well, maybe it'll
Match this green. Maybe it'll make the green screen looks slightly less insane
But the answer was no
No, a giant green screen looks crazy in your room no matter what
Bonsai bullfrog I say we talk about it. Thank you, CV loves you glad to hear it. Let's uh
Let's get into the news. Why not it's Friday, but the world
Continues to produce news
Trees grow leaves and the world grows news
That's the whole reason the Sun came into being and scattered us out like stardust
So that we could make news together. So let's check it out. It's news time
Don't let them take it from me. It's news time. Let's get this over with please
How great everybody it's scrum
You've had subs and
bits
pouring in
like
disgusting honey or syrup
slathered on
Fried dough
You're gonna do anything about it. Why don't you think I'm scrum? We didn't get the chance to do the hype train
Here
I'll play you a
Very simple rap instrumental and you can just thank them
Does that sound good? No
I'm not gonna thank these people musically
That sounds disgusting
I'll just play it and you do what you have to do. Okay. I'm not gonna thank anyone
I'm going to acknowledge their existence
But don't take that for a thank you
What you do with your bits and subs is between you and the grave worms the grave worms the ultimate arbiters of
Organic material are the bugs that consume us when we die
They're the closest thing to God we can hope for Jesus
so
Thank them if you must in the meantime, I'll simply say the names of those who have subbed
Thank you currently working
You exist
Thank you as well to you're thanking them. Fuck you think them immediately. I take back my thank you
You already said it you can't do that. It's done
hmm
And to daddy you exist and thank you fuck. I don't mean to say thank you
I'm just used to you saying it. I'm like a parrot
Stormbird 92. Thank you so much fuck
It's fine to thank people damn it
34 months you exist
Bundles sprout 100 bits
Say that's good thanks fuck just thank people no
Apple Apple thanks shit
100 bits that's a nothing what it thinks fuck okay
Be Grendel thanks fuck. Thank you shit bonsai bullfrog you exist. Thanks because it's in my brain
Just I'll thank them. No
No one's thinking anyone reverie wolf 34 months
that's a
Thing of which I appreciate that that I it's fine you exist uncle Phil 2k. Thank you. All right
Just know I didn't mean to think any of you
I'm they were all Freudian slips
Like but in a literal sense like Freud slipped on a banana smashed his brain and got a concussion
existential terror I dream of you and me Ralph and below your roasting together roast chicken squeezing
Who the hell was that? I think that was crumb. I think occasionally munch gets his wires crossed a little bit and
He accidentally accidentally
Sends the audio up here stop this music
Can you slip on me scrum mr. Smith only if you're goo are you goo?
God I'm having a heart attack. Whoa really are you too? No, I'm I was saying the Pledge of Allegiance off-screen. I
Like to do that sometimes at the start of the stream just to give thanks for our incredible country
JD Vance is no I'm not look I look slightly different than him because I got a haircut
Ignore the fact I'm going gray in a very similar way to him
That's just that could happen to anybody now. You're laughing. No, I coughed. That's how you cough
Yeah, I cough like this
Scrum you don't have to make this as hard as you're making it
We're just gonna read news about pedophile cover-ups like usual. It's simple. Just get with the program man
I don't like any of this
I don't appreciate any of this
uh
Okay
You forgot to pull up a picture
Mmm. Okay
There I found I found a picture
I found a picture
I'm helping. All right, it's news time
Sure is
Oh man, this thing's not working
It's not working right
One second. All right, there we go
Shit did I make everybody glitch out? No, I feel great now
I've always felt great
Stop this incessant music
Mmm
scrum dvance
Oh, I look like the vice president that's supposed to be some sort of insult
The second most powerful man on the planet. I think this vice president's the second most powerful person on the planet
Yeah, they're number two. It's a simple hierarchy
from president
to vice president to
I don't know
China the whole country of china it goes president vice president all of china
That's a unique view of international
Politics and pecking orders. That's because I'm a unique man with powerful original thoughts
Not what I'm about to say which is a headline
G-L-A-N-A
Maxwell told doge no doj. No. Oh
There's a doj and a doge
Yes
She told doj. She is unaware of any epstein client list
So maybe now we can all shut up about it
Just because a financier got into some trouble doesn't mean
That it's a conspiracy. Okay. We got mad every time a banker
Did something wrong?
Well, how would we even go shopping?
Since when do you care about shopping and also what you said makes no sense
Oh, then z then hexas is
Is z does he represent all of china?
Let's just not get into that scrum
Maxwell said she never saw trump in any inappropriate setting
Trump faces political dissent over handling of epstein case and Maxwell seeks clemency for trump
And she's been moved to a less restrictive prison. So again just to summarize
It's done
It's clear what happened nothing
Well, even
Gelaan good old jizzy lane maxwell isn't saying nothing happened. She's just trying to clear trump's name
I just don't know how convincing that is coming from
jeff rey fsteams primary
pedophile sexual assault accomplice
Are you growing hair? What do you mean?
crumb looks like a certified massive
I can't even if I can read that why not I'll say it come shoot on leaser
It's an unleaser. What means I thought if someone does that I destroy their lease
Your lease is up. You've been evicted for your nasty mouth
Great, okay
Uh, so what's the deal here exactly? I guess that did they leak?
The meeting she had with the department of justice or who's releasing this information? Well
To continue with the news
Who?
Just go gars garzlin. How do you say her name?
jizz
Lane
That doesn't sound right
Hmm
Wait, where'd my news go? Oh, there it is. Okay
Garth
Gummy bear Maxwell is serving a 20-year prison sentence for helping jeff rey upstein sexually abuse underage girls allegedly
No, not a lot. She got convicted. I don't think you have to say allegedly anymore
Well, according to the administration allegedly
Uh, she told a top justice department official who happens to be trump's longtime lawyer
In july that she was not aware of any clients list belonging to the late financier
Which is how everyone knows him and never saw president donald trump behave inappropriately according to a transcript of an interview released on friday
It never saw him
behave inappropriately
granted lesser than uh sleeping with underage girls
I feel like we've all seen him behave inappropriately. So that's just an insane thing to say under any circumstance
What has he ever done that's inappropriate?
every time he talks
He recently said he never had the honor of going to epsdine's island
Every time he speaks ever he does something that is classically inappropriate and that's why we love him. He's like the jerky boys
You love the jerky boys. He's like he's constantly doing cranky anchors
One of the greatest comedic achievements of all time and I hate comedy
Do you think the president is like a cranky anchors character?
I think he's like a cranky anchors character and a puppeteer all at once a perfect fusion of everything that made the show
Cranky anchors great turned into a president people don't even know what cranky anchors is anymore scram. They should
That's not my fault if you're uneducated
Anyway, she said I never witnessed the president in any inappropriate setting in any way
During the interview the imprisoned 63-year-old former british socialite
Which is how we all know her also said she does not witness
She did not witness any sexual abuse by epsdine her longtime boyfriend and did not
Implicate any other prominent individuals in wrongdoing
She didn't witness any
sexual abuse every multiple
Multiple epsdine victims have gone on the record saying that she literally actively participated
Directly in the abuse
And she was found guilty of exactly that
well
We can't get into the
We can't get into that. What do you mean? We can't get into that. It's what this is about or done getting into that
This is about how it's done now
Let's check out some comments
This is it's the fact they're trying to trot this lady out as some way to
Steer the controversy away from trump is just so fucking ridiculous
If anything all of this story from her does is throw it back into the news
I think some of the coverage of this had slowed down a little bit
Uh, yeah msg. She participated in incredibly graphic ways that I won't even describe
On this stream, but the fact that they're trying to use this as some gotcha to protect trump is
It's impressively low
She's a dufus, you know dufus
Actually is from the greek word duphi
Who were uh, who were a league of powerful gentlemen in ancient rome? That sounds super made up scrum
Well, you don't know you never studied latin
So I took two years of latin in high school
You should have learned the language people actually speak so now you're just
Being a fool again
Okay
I bet that hurt what I just said Kendall needs to do a performance review with hate sock calling everyone dumbass
That hate sock is one of the few people on this stream. I respect that's really not surprising scrum
The national guard is now carrying gun in dc. Well as long as they only have one, what are we complaining about?
They meant to say guns
That's not what they said though. So as far as I can tell they only have one
the national guard
There's no carrying guns in dc, but that's the second you just said guns while I was reading it for the second time
So I made it plural
What else do we have?
Scrum is more hateful than hate sock. I take that as a compliment
There's many things in this world to despise and he despises the most is the most accurate
Okay
And this thing is not working the way it's supposed to
uh
Okay
Guns like these check the biceps
What are you working with over there worldwide on the other side?
Everyone has biceps. I'm not impressed
Let's see if this is working
Crumb's voice was coming out of scrum's mouth. He can speak through bald people
I'm very different
Joann spoon. Thank you for the follow
Though I'm shocked that anyone would
You're on the stream currently
That doesn't change my opinion
I'm willing to admit this is disgusting even with me here
For the record scrum is here very rarely. So usually the stream is just dumb in a different way. I'll oh, that's rich coming from you
Calling me dumb
You okay over there? I'm doing great truck nuts. I'm just reading that
I don't approve
But I will read
You don't approve of truck nuts? Nope
Anyway, she said nobody did anything wrong. Yeah, that's
Truly insane truly insane that she said she never witnessed him do anything and basically never saw anyone
Involved in any ill do any wrong doing he did basically all this somehow happened in a vacuum
As he trotted these underage girls around in public
I mean, you know, you guys don't even need me to say this. This is just so fucking stupid
It's insane that anyone is lending any credence to the stuff this lady says
The justice department releases of the transcripts and audio recordings of max wells interview. Oh, they put out the whole transcripts
To publicly I don't even want to listen to it
I guess if it's I mean, it's probably not public enough for us to hear
Maybe got released to journalists, but even if it is publicly available. I don't think I want to listen
Well, they're out there for someone
And they came out amongst curiosity about Epstein a multimillionaire who socialized
Dilemma 01 thank you. So you just did it again
You exist dilemma. Thank you so much for the 34 months. You gotta have my news
Not all that spelled. I think dilemma knows crumb
You didn't even say my name right. I'm not him
He now is just a few particles on a wall after the cleaning job
It's dark but accurate
Also, though he got put back together. He's kind of around
Did you hear about the streamer dying on kick? Yeah, we might cover that when we go through the rapid fire stories
Uh, can you hurry up with this one scrum? I am moving at a deliberate pace and I will continue to do so
Uh, a republican trump a republican
He's trying to tap down on the political crisis stemming from the justice department's decision
Not to release files from its investigation of Epstein despite its earlier pledges to do so
Oh, this is interesting phrasing from Reuters the justice department's decision
Yes, I'm sure it was purely Pam Bondi's decision in a vacuum and
Definitely no one else had any input on that
Well, the buck stops with someone
And I will agree with what this story says. Thank you very much
Maxwell spoke with blanche on the condition that she did not get prosecuted for any self-incriminating statements
She were to make but she could be prosecuted if she lied in the interview. Oh, well, then I guess she's got to be prosecuted
You can't prove that she lied
I feel like
Her saying she never witnessed the abuse already proved she's lied seeing as she's been held criminally liable
For the abuse that Epstein perpetrated and that's why she's in prison
She literally under a legal definition. I believe lied
Or can you just say stuff that contradicts the thing that you are convicted of you can she did and it's fine
Maxwell was previously charged with perjury for lying in a 2016 deposition about her knowledge of Epstein's illegal behavior
She was already found
To be a liar legally, but she's done with that. She's moved on
Though prosecutors dropped those charges after a jury found her guilty of sex trafficking. See she's not a liar. She's just a sex trafficker
So now well now that she's been proven not a liar. She can say she's not a sex trafficker and we all have to believe her
Why are you so on her side because the story needs to be done? I'm tired of talking about this
I just get bored when anything's in the news for more than a couple days
That's why I hate presidential elections. No one will shout out about them
Everybody talks about them for max
Turning into the penguin from the tim Burton batman movie. What's going on with you? I've always been that
During Maxwell's month-long trial in Manhattan jurors heard emotional and explicit testimony from four women
Who said Maxwell recruited and groomed them for abuse by Epstein
But who knows who's lying my guess is the one lady who lies all the time and not the four victims of her abuse
No way to tell we literally told in a courtroom and she was found guilty
But now there's no way to tell three of the four said Maxwell herself
Abused them to paraphrase they got a little more graphic there. Epstein died by suicide
In a Manhattan jail cell in 2019. Can we find Reuters guilty of lying? What do you mean?
I'm just saying things that happened. He had pled not guilty
Epstein's death coupled with his friendship with powerful people. Well, now they're just describing the Epstein case
Are you familiar? Yes. I am. I'm actually not that familiar. So this is sort of news to me
Why do you have such hardened opinions about it then? All I said is I'm tired of hearing about it
I don't claim to be an expert, but I am an expert in
People wasting my time
What am I supposed to do about this? I don't know. You could just
Care a little bit that everyone's openly lying and seemingly tons of wealthy people are involved in oh my god a
All
Fuck I might have to do that on Monday just so I can set that segment back up
I think various parts of it are no longer on
Failure case we'll do it on Monday though. We'll have it ready to go on Monday today. We can do this uh
lingering
Whatever
God, I can't remember the name of jumbalaya segment instead. So we'll just swap the two
Grandman we'll get grand man in there too. We'll have a town hall with grand man
Nothing is stopping the bucks this season. Mike Evans and beaker beaker will certainly be passing two other bucks, but I'm sure anyone with
Physically past someone
I have no idea. I don't follow sports. I follow something way worse politics lately
This grumb looks like the wet uh weird wrestler robot from TMNT with the hole in its stomach
So crane can ride it
Really let itself go
I'm not familiar with that reference. I actually don't watch children's cartoons. Well, this would have been on when you were a child
so
I didn't watch them then
I was busy
With what I was busy. I don't have to tell you with what
Nut truck nut trucks. I don't support that
But I will read it nut trucks
Max will also said Jeff didn't do anything. She thought was inappropriate
She's are you can't be found guilty of lying twice?
Well, they said she could be they said that what she said that was a lie could be used against her criminally
Whatever
um
Ralph was the mr. Rourke at Epstein Island
Ralph munchkut
That's a big accusation
I mean, I don't know his history
I just employ him. I don't have to know anything about him
Trump thinks having a sex trafficker as a character witness is a flex. He really does seem to think that or someone thinks that
I'll be if this somehow
I just can't imagine a the Epstein case isn't actually dividing the republicans as much as
We all might wish it would I do think it could have an effect in the next election
um
But I don't think it's going to like divide the party dramatically unless more information comes out
Which all of this is about keeping more information from coming out. So
Short of of the of them actually being forced to release various files, which I just don't know how that
would happen
Technically congress is trying to make it happen. But I don't know I'm I'm incredulous about any movement on this in a positive direction
Unfortunately, but maybe anyway short of that happening. I just don't see
This really like shattering the republican base the way we all might hope it would but hey, I've been wrong a lot. So hopefully I'm wrong
Next election. I mean the midterms actually. I do think the midterms are going to happen
After that, we'll see we'll see what happens
Uh, Trump thinks having it. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I think for some reason my comments are doubling. Sorry
Ah, and there we go
Bro, my keyboard is doing me dirty today
Now I think the typos help
It force your brain to really consider what it's reading
Mm
It's jackknight
What's jackknight
Well, it is that
Scrum was a flight attendant on the epstein jet but quit to get away from the crying children
I'd feel no shame being a flight attendant a perfectly valid job
One of the most beautiful things you can do as a human is serve other people individually wrap nuts
Well, not individually individual the that's not each nut isn't wrapped
depends on the nut
You shouldn't want to be a flight attendant on an epstein's plane
I wouldn't have known what was happening and apparently he wasn't doing anything anybody knew about
so
Okay, scrum, you know, I really didn't think you'd be so pro-epstein. I'm not I think he's disgusting
But I thought he was disgusting before all this came out. I just don't like
Guys over 60
You're gonna be there soon scrum and I'll think I'm gross
Okay
Truck nuts. Yes. No
No
Jackknight is the guy who sued your show a few months ago. Oh man
I don't I I'd then no comment
Can I say anything to incriminate case in this lawsuit?
jackknight
No comment
Do your worst jackknight
Come at me, bro
Why are you trying to get on this scrum because I fear no lawsuit?
He probably should honestly
He can really tie you up burn tons of money even if they're completely erroneous
I pick my teeth with erroneous
What?
I don't know
Really even scared about that
Okay, well, anyway, screw that screw suit to screw scrum instead
Sue scrum
Your tongue's all tied up because what you're saying bullshits
All right. Well, that's probably enough of this incredibly frustrating story for the day. I guess let's move on to uh
Who the cats are gone? Oh, they're just meowing loudly
Let's move on to I guess a how-to looks like we're doing that today
Uh, then later we'll be getting into a jumbalaya and a little bit more news
But for now it's time for how-to
with who
Well with jeb nogget
Jokes on you. I didn't even care. Bye everyone. I'll never see you again. Wait. Do I have to come back on? I do
Hi everybody, it's me Jeb
Still me
Still classic Jeb
Doesn't feel right nothing about this feels right
Where's my son? To me. I'm right here
Right here daddy. Don't even worry about it daddy. There's my son. Well, I know where you are. You're dead and you're in the wood
Oh, yeah
That's right. I don't like that at all. I knew you'd I know you don't but it's okay
I'm here to soothe you daddy. Everything's all right
Where's my son? Oh, man
Brain research like a goldfish. I forgot. Okay
Let's see what we're learning today
Last time we learned a rap
um
We learned
Other stuff that I remember. Oh, I tried to whistle again. I got a lot closer actually I got really close
So close but I didn't quite get there, but maybe today we will
Oh, that's trailers. Shoot. I keep looking on the wrong thread how-tos, okay
Let's see which ones we haven't used yet
How I made hains mayo onster
The hains you might remember the hains mayo yonster
I don't know if I'm saying that right, but
I also might be saying that right. Let's see what this guy's all about
Last year for april fools day. I made internet cream. Well this year I made this mayo onster
Now this was by dr. Photograph on instagram and I thought I've just got to make it. So let's see how I made it
Just
Okay creations
Somehow I'm going to mix monster energy with hains mayo. Oh has to be hines for the shape of the bottle
Obviously, we're going to double time because this is eight minutes. I've prepared with some mayo
Actually, I'm going to use home make a matter in it. It has to be hines. I've got food dye
Obviously, so I've got my monster. I've also got energy drink flavor flavoring and I've also designed or redesigned the label
And I printed these out. So just cut one piece. Wow
And first thing I'm going to do is actually get some monster energy on the hob
To see if it can reduce it down a little bit to a syrup because I would like to put some genuine monster in this
Rather than just flavoring. Let's see how it goes. Literally as simple as it looks
Just want to see if I can reduce some
Reduce the monster energy drink
Is he using that word correctly?
I guess he can
It smells bad is what he says
Okay, I'm just taking off the heat and I
It's a little thicker. It's probably gonna thick enough as it cools down looks unholy like yeah monster syrup
Um, I'm hoping the colors not gonna ruin it. Okay. Looking at the label now. I've got the right size
The problem is monster syrup. You can just see the other label beneath. I'm gonna have to try and get this off somehow
I did try a little bit that it's a little bit tricky to get off, but I'm gonna have to do I think
All right, wish me luck. Okay, I've now got it off. So
Just need to put that one on
Cool. I'm actually gonna use some of the tackiness that's already on there just along with some other things
And I'm gonna do that last I think let's make the actual mayo. All right, here we go. Let's make the actual oh man
That does not feel right
Why is he using two types?
Oh ASMR stream everybody
Right, don't want to get to come out pour some liquid away work a little bit in but then pour pour some away because I don't
Obviously want to get too colored nor
Too wet
Oh god, he's making the Zerg free from starcraft
That just seems fun. I've got quite a lot of this in this um, such a red bull flavoring I got from ebay
It's got child lock on it as well. All right. Okay, here we go
No
Oh, yeah, I bet you can
Oh, that's just food coloring guys
I guess this could be the next we all we have to do belly dancing class. We'll do that on monday
Because I want to be here. The image was so you can see how good I am
I don't know if I want to do this for the kitchen
Oh god
Somebody call slimer. He's being massacred
Milbog is goblin backwards
He just said flavor turn
No, don't do it
Is he gonna say this is good and that is it
Now I've just got to figure out how to get it in the bowl because it's not the biggest of holes
It's just a little hole. Okay. I actually do have a piping bag
So I'm gonna use that
Oh no
No, no, no
Why in a bag?
Why in an icing bag? Oh just to put it in a bottle. Okay, that makes sense
It still bothers me, but it does make sense
I mean it makes as much sense as it can make
Oh, no, he doesn't have enough
I think what I'm gonna do is shake it up and make it look like it's full because it still will look full. It's like that
Right, let's get the finishing touches on them. Okay guys. We have done it. There is this finished product
So that's how I made it. Um, yeah, I haven't changed label on the back. Sorry when I do the April Fool's video
I just won't show that bit. Hopefully you've seen the actual video of me reviewing it if you haven't here's a little bit of me
Eating it. This is Heinz Mayer one stuff. Let's give it a go. Oh, oh man
Oh
Wait, is it bad? No way
I think my reference outrank it with the birds I took in Christmas. So there is guys. That was the April Fool's for 2020
Thank you very much for watching. Hope you enjoyed this and so on. I'll see you next time
Oh, man
Geez
I think it looks all right
Well, that's because you're dead and you're in the wood dad. Oh, yeah
I don't really taste things anymore
And I also don't really experience color in the way you do to me. It mostly looked like
Wood
Oh, that's how your vision works. Yeah, everything kind of looks like wood
Because I'm wood
You are dead and you're in the wood. Oh god. I am. Yeah
But it's okay daddy
All right
2.5
I don't really like to rank learning
What that one did score a little low
Geez
Geez that hurt
It kind of hurt
You know, this is one that could be useful though useful follow up
Because if you eat a bunch of mayonnaise you might get it in your mustache and then you might think
How do I trim my mustache?
Everything I just said tracks. So let's watch this video about how to trim your mustache
How to trim your mustache?
From pirates to playboys to village people
There are as many types of mustaches as there are types of men
But all they need a good trim every once in a while
You will need
A pair of grooming scissors a fine toothed mustache comb a mirror
Sink or a basin
Some water
Optional an electric mustache trimmer. Oh
Step one slightly dampen your mustache with water. You don't need much just a bit
Step two just a little bit comb your mustache with a fine toothed comb in the direction that it grows
I don't have any of this stuff
Step three trim first for shape and definition
Clip across the bottom of your mustache giving it a smooth even line and clip along the outer edges
When I disappeared for a moment parameters
If you're using a mustache trimmer start with a setting that will clip the least amount of hair
You can always go back and trim more trimming too much will trash your stash
My dignity's intact step four now trim for length and bushes
I swear start at the middle of your mustache and begin lightly trimming out to the edges
Mustache hair is tougher than other facial hair. So trim just a little bit at a time for better results
Step five comb through your mustache one last time clip any hairs you may have missed
And wink at the macho man in the mirror
Okay
Did you know groucho marks is original signature mustache never needed trimming. I didn't know that was made of black grease paint
Oh, it was fake. You had a fake mustache. Mine's real. Check this out. Ow
It's sensitive though. Oh
Does your mustache have feelings daddy? No. Do I have one?
Kind of I mean you're dead and you're in the wood, but you appear to still have a beard
Great
God great
All right
That was kind of a palette cleanser
Because the last video hurts so much
But let's close things out
with
How keegles work for oh, we can't watch I think we watched that
How did she bend?
Oh my god
Wait, wait, it's super quiet
I have to bump the volume
But this guy's gonna really quietly teach us how to she bend
I'll shut up so I don't blow your ears out when I make noises
It takes you how to cheap end
That's your cheap end. It is able to hands together
Give a little rub and just put your hands about two three centimeters apart from each other
I'll focus on
Collecting all the energy around you and feeling all the energy just finest way between your hands
Now you might feel a little bit weird
But the energy that you'll be collecting
Will push your hands apart from each other
Let it
And you can bring it in
And out
But when you're ready
Just bring your two hands together to a comfortable position
In this comfortable position. I want you to try hold
And focus on strengthening that Chi energy ball
And you can do so
Through taking deep breaths for three to five seconds
So breathing in
And out
And also through meditation
What people find is by by chi bending as I like to call it and making these Chi energy boards
You can improve your concentration your focus
For some people it helps to make them feel calm and
And more relaxed
And for others it helps them to sleep
So whatever benefit you find from chi bending. I hope it serves you well
Enjoy chi bending
Wish you learned how to volume bend
That's so quiet
Really quiet. Could you hear it daddy?
Yeah
But I hear a lot of surprising things
Because I don't know if I have ears in a conventional sense
That's a good point daddy
Due to you being dead and in the wood who knows how volume works for you. I don't know myself
Also, oh my god
Okay, I guess I'll try
I guess I'll try to chi bend
Um, he didn't really give a ton of advice
Other than
Think about doing it with your hands like this
So let's give it a shot
Oh, to be honest, nothing's fucking happening
But I did try
Why'd you give up? Felt like you really into it. I was
But I felt nothing
Felt a complete absence of everything
Between my hands
Felt totally empty
I think you're getting a call. Oh, it's kindle
Okay, well, I'm gonna send it back to case because I stole his phone
And he's probably gonna notice now that I got a call from his girlfriend
I've send a take in it
But I did
That's all the time we have for now. Have a really great day
Try to bend some chi on your end. Let me know how it goes
And maybe I'll feel the vibrations on my end or maybe I won't feel a thing either way
Fortunately, you're never too old to learn a new trick. Bye. Bye
I miss call. I had to run down there and get my phone back
From fucking Jeb
That son of a bitch
Hey, you're on the stream just to warn you
Yeah
You okay?
Yeah, no, it was a good thing
Are you on the way back? Are you still staying out for a bit?
No, I mean, I'm on my way to the Royals right now
Okay
Enjoy I'll see you tonight
Wait, wait, my family's bringing Filipino food. So if you want dinner go over there, okay?
Okay, we'll do just like maybe text my sister. I'm like when to go or something
Okay, are you gonna come back and have any or you think it'll still be out?
I don't know yet. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye
Also my
flashlight's been on for who knows how long
My food's gonna be cold. I don't even think the food's been made yet
Unless it has
Uh, okay. Well while we're here, let's do more news. I guess it's
All this news I haven't checked in with from you guys. It's more news time
How's it going man? It's me
Coach McGurk
Oh
Oh
Don't you remember me
Me coach McGurk. I guess
Me coach McGurk. I guess you don't really do anything with me. Yeah. Who is a great question
I was helping out munching crumb, but I couldn't keep doing it because
Frankly, I just couldn't get behind what he was doing to that poor man
Yeah, you got fired. Well a little dog hired me back
Fucking Papito. He's been m. I. A
I mean, he's still around but he's just not at his desk
Well, he was there to hire me. God damn it
56 minutes ago. You were crying in the shower for 56 minutes
I've been there man
Look
I'd love to say it gets easier
I'd love to say the tears are just weakness escaping your body
But I like to think it's the cosmic gesture hitting you with a joke so accurate that you just can't do nothing but weep
So
Just pay the toll of the gesture with your tears
And hope that he doesn't return for a long while
You know, mostly we just read the dick stories that chat sharers
in this particular segment
so
You don't really have to do that kind of stuff that you just did
all right
I'm open to notes
this doesn't have to be
I sense some aggression here. It just doesn't have to be that way, man
It's the only way I know how to be. Well, maybe we should work on that together
I was a coach for years good kids
Some of them may be not so good when they showed up. That's what people said about him as least but
I actually think there's goodness in all of us
Really only takes
The right moment and the right momentum to bring it out of anybody
Effort over time yields morality. That's what I used to tell my kids
I see the same thing for you young man. You might be older than you actually
How old are you?
Let's see what's going on
In the news
The girk puts in the work
That's true. I really I've always yeah, let's get to the news actually
Let's do just a little bit of news before you
Hit us with more inspirational words
Um, all right
I didn't pull it up in advance so
It's a second
It's just a second
A lot of good stuff in here
A lot of good good stuff the world's been doing some great stuff lately. You heard about all this news
Hmm, I don't really follow the news. So this will be news to me. I guess that makes it news
Yes
You think you can win the back half of the game?
Look, the front half of the game is just practice if you think about it for the end of the game
And even the end of the game isn't the end of the game because the end of the game
Is just practice for the start of the next game
Everybody says you talking about practice. Well, I say there's really nothing else to talk about
Think about that
You can't keep doing this
We will not get through any news
You call it the snooze. Well
The snooze is an important part of nope. No, no, no, I'm cutting you off. I'm getting rid of that. Thank you
I'm not hitting it that music just plays sometimes when I talk
What's this guy doing? Oh marriage. That's beautiful
Anyway
Skibbety tradwife and brolic archie are among the latest additions to the Cambridge dictionary
Do you know what these words mean?
I'll be honest with you. I do not
Do you know what these words mean case? I don't chat. Do you know what these words mean?
This is a good format for speaking and someone should try it
No, no and no, well, then you're gonna have to inform us coach McGurk
Skibbety tradwife brolic archies. What does it mean? Oh, that's the headline. There's our headline. Thank you for the headline
You're not the Lulu the English language
Uh, just got a little more
Skibbety after the Cambridge dictionary added thousands of words over the last 12 months
These include words popularized by social media celebrities gen z and gen alpha
Among the 6,212 nude words
Nude words. I misspoke it happens. I'll admit it and let's move on
Internet culture is changing the English language and the effect is fashion. Well, what are the words mean though?
Brolic archie
All right, first I want you to guess case was just on the screen. But did you read it now?
so
I'm guessing it means a bunch of bro. We dudes being in charge maybe
You know like Trump's sexual assault squad that
It comprises almost his entire cabinet
All right, let's see if
Sexual predator men ruling the world is what it means
Combined with words bro and oligarchy is defined by a small group of men, especially men owning
Or involved in a tech business who are extremely rich and powerful or want to have political influence
So not quite case. I think mine was pretty close actually. Well, but they said something different
Something different
Dulu lu up you want to guess I think it means crazy
It's a play on the word delusional and means believing things that are not real or true usually because you choose to well
A little more specific than crazy
You're gonna want to get it right because these kids will say stuff around you and they'll be speaking circles around you
You don't even know if you should be mad or if you need to
to make something they say into a teaching moment because
honestly cruel words are actually often aimed at
yourself
Because when you aim them at another person, it's really okay
But you know if you can not use that sound cue ever again, that would be great
He's not doing a thing just happens man. You like gotta let it happen. All right
senator Amy clobe clobe car
Targets a a threat after sydney sweeney inspired deep deep fake sexually
clobeture
Oh, right. Okay. What's up? No, me. They think I'm saying those
BMG on the case. What do you think of the brave new world here?
Not too good. So
To be clear when videos like that show
Um, there are people that think it's real because it looks so real. They don't know me. They think I'm saying those words
I think I'm saying that stuff then the wait. There's a different video apparently
Senator Amy clobe char is waging a war against artificial intelligence after a deep fake appeared of her
Saying she loves sydney sweeney's perfect titties. Oh, they have the other video too. Fortunately. Let's start with that actually
I scrolled down. I get it now
Oop, there we go. She'll open it up something else
Is that we want representation? Okay. Let's let's full screen this
So that we can really get a sense of uh
How believable this is look all we're saying is that we want representation
Okay, if if republicans are going to have beautiful girls with perfect titties in their ads
We want ads for democrats too, you know
We want ugly fat bitches wearing pink wigs and long-ass fake nails being loud and twerking on top of a cop car
At a waffle house because they didn't get extra ketchup, you know, just because we're the party of ugly people
Doesn't mean we can't be featured in ads
Okay, and I know most of us are too fat to wear jeans or too ugly to go outside, but we want representation
Look all we're saying is that we want representation
Okay, if if republicans are going to have beautiful girls with perfect titties in their ads
We want ads for democrats too, you know
We want ugly fat bitches wearing pink wigs and long-ass fake nails being loud and twerking on top of a cop car
At a waffle house because they didn't get extra ketchup, you know
Just because we're the party of
We heard it. We heard it
But I think what she was saying really means a lot to all of us so
I wanted to hear it again
That woman in the background really isn't reading
I could I couldn't tell anything was wrong with the video except for that
I just knew that young lady was not focused on her work
And that's a real shame because
You know, if you're gonna do something do it 100%
Anyway, that's that was a senator Amy Klobuchar. I guess just saying a thing she believes so
That's wild, but politics has gotten crazy
But I guess we can hear her
Deny that that was her
Even though that mouth looked flawless and there was no way to tell it. It was fake
The other thing that happens is even people that know it's fake
It changes their image of that politician or that school principal
Or whoever else has had this happen to them and it's a lot of regular people
And so that's a problem with this and why I'm pushing so hard to take down these misleading
Misleading and just horrible deep fakes. I'm on her side
I agree with both statements from her both the thing about the perfect titties
And that it's just so frustrating that you can't tell what's real anymore
It's impossible to know
Yeah, pretty much. Okay
Moving on
To more the first butthole might have been for sperm instead of poop
Okay
Don't laugh they weren't laughing back then
They couldn't even poop without
Taking in jizz
What you haven't read the story yet coach McGurk. I'm just inferring from the headline
You couldn't even poop without taking in jizz back in the day
Forget everything you thought about your butthole forever
Turns out at least according to a
Currently unpublished and unperviewed study
anuses
From which you just fell poop might have originally been used to dispel sperm
See how the backwards that you were you were pooping out sperm
You're pooping out sperm man
not
Poop that's just don't say it do not say it
Say what I was just trying to read geek castix comment, but okay
Turns out at least according to a
Unpublished and unpure reviewed study anuses from which you dispel poop might have heard of that
May have originally been used to dispel sperm
That means that our anuses might have begun their evolutionary journeys as a male sex organ
researchers from the university of
bergen in norway dug into the genetics of
Zena zena
colomorphs
Kind of sounds like colon which are a group of tiny creatures that uh without assholes
And they're distinct. They're distant cousin of flat worms
But hey, I say no matter how far away you might be genetically doesn't mean that you're not all related in the great cosmic soup of
Monkey genomes or whatever evolution is and I say that to all my kids
Maybe not your best speech
They gave me feedback at the time. They do agreed
These critters have a simplified digestive system essentially a dead-end gut that doubles as a mouth waste exit hybrid
What would eventually evolve into our anuses in a complex animal was originally a reproductive hole
How is it wait it's reproductive it just shoots out
sperm
I guess you got to get it out of you somehow
but
What about the hole that it comes in now they're probably getting to that
There was no dedicated waste evacuation to him
The sperm just got a free pass through the same tube that poop would travel through
So it was just a butthole that also leaked sperm we can do that too
Humans can still do that. What are you saying? I'm just saying
It's kind of things humans can still do the first butthole might have released sperm instead of poop
It's just repeating the headlines now. I guess we get it
We're not doing that life in Sleazy. We can't do that
Okay
Let's keep it moving here
Looks like trump has asked FIFA president if he can keep the world cup trophy
And let's just see these two hanging out these two titans vibing together. Oh, I love sport only the FIFA president
President of countries and then those who win can touch it
Because it's for winners only and since you are a winner, of course you can as well
Touch it. It's pretty heavy. It's the winner trophy. The last one we lifted that is leo messy
Leonor messy of Argentina and here look at that hand in the olah office in
The white
That's serious though that it fits well. It's very well on the wall right over there
It fits well here right below the angels. Give it to the next winner. If you think about it though
Don't we keep everything right below the angels?
case
What else we got today? Well before we move on I just love it when he says stuff and people laugh because that's how you know
It's a joke
That's a great point. It's very funny when he says things that he definitely means is a joke
Um, all right
A couple more stories here before we
Move on to whatever else we're doing today
Also, we'll be talking to Justin juice powers to tell us more about the sperm butt story
Our little Tommy big lot to tell us more about the new words the user using. Oh, or it's a it's a it's a choose your own adventure
Um
You know what this is the perfect chance for chat to decide
The the the one second there it is
Uh, who's our
expert
Justin juice
little Tommy
big
law
Boom
Let's do this for a minute. Oh
Let us know chat and we'll talk to one of them for sure
That's the power of democracy and I do love to see it in action. All right
I'm using an ad blocker that is correct apparently that's immoral case
These these websites work hard for your clicks
And they need a chance to support themselves
Yeah, we'll be okay
Much to be the expert because he lives forever
On the sperm butt. Oh, maybe he still has a sperm butt. Well, but he's not an option. So we'll find out
New open a CEO is a character and a harry potter fanfic that's wildly popular with effective altruists
uh
What
Harry Potter and the methods of rationality. Oh god
effective altruism
thank god, uh
Fucking bankman freud destroyed that entire movement seemingly
Looks like Justin juices who we'll be talking to today more about how it is
I should have known
In case you think case that's fun to say he's kidding harry potter and the methods of rationality is apparently
A fanfic that's real and I guess was really popular and here's a little passage from it
Can I get some harry potter music actually?
Let me let me pull up a little harry potter music
To get you guys in the correct mood
Everyone's favorite franchise that is not at all disgraced itself
The final quidditch match of the year was between raven claw and slitherin
Earlier in the year griffin doors initial quidditch match
Lead had vanished after their new seeker emits sheer
Fell off a possibly malfunctioning broomstick during his second game
This had also required some hasty rescheduling of the remaining games
This the final game of the year wouldn't end until the snitch was caught
God that is some good writing
I know the whole scenario now
Kind of feels like when I read a book about like a dog running like say a dog named spot that you see run
You know exactly what he's doing. You're and you exactly what you're seeing which is spot run
And that's some writing right there
Really strong stuff. Glad that the effect of altruists enjoyed that book so much
Are there any other passages in here? Nope. That's all we get actually
Was it the match of the year?
Yeah, and it was over when they caught the snitch actually which is one of the things that made it so unique
Was that about that particular quidditch match definitely not one of its most famous rules
AI experts no longer saving for retirement because they assume AI will kill us all by then
I just don't expect the world to be around
Jesus Christ
Every time there's a
Article about how AI is going to kill us all I just think it's an ad for AI
What do you mean? It's very scary the meteoric rise of artificial intelligence has instilled an existential fear and AI doomers
Okay, and the Atlantic has the Atlantic reports
God, I love it when the Atlantic reports all of us love it every time the Atlantic reports
Some are taking that pervasive fear to striking extremes in their daily lives machine intelligence research institute researcher Nate
Machine intelligence research institute researcher that's an accurate title
I guess Nate soars for instance told the magazine that he's given up
Saving for his retirement based on the assumption that AI has already guaranteed the final nail in humanity's coffin
I don't expect the world to be around
But it's not looking like pure fiction what he's saying
There's a lot of theories la la da da da then they basically pad the word count for the rest of the story
One guy said he's not saving for retirement and they wrote a whole story on that
But when I say it my wife leaves me
Your wife left that was a joke me and my wife are still together happy and I'm saving for retirement
That's my sense of humor kicking in sorry
Just making a little joke. Is that is that still legal around here? Oh god, you're one of those people
It's not us people. It's it's the state of the world
But who knows what the state of the world should I stop saving for retirement honey?
Maybe we should take that trip we've been dreaming of we're gonna take it anyway, but maybe we move it up
I mean, I've been not saving for retirement for years. Yeah, everybody's doing it. This guy's just paunting it off on AI
Don't act like this was your cool idea all of us
In this chat and me included I've been not saving for years
Well, I guess you're ahead of the curve then because I guess it's popular now because of the very
real threat
That this not at all slot producing technology
Offers, I mean, I guess AI could potentially spin out of control at any time
But to me it's like not planning for retirement because we have nukes which I would still say are probably a more present threat
Uh
You may as well count on a future you're in I guess otherwise. What's the point of planning for any future?
I don't know
Squirrels and nuts and racing tortoises. I can't forget three sex moves are most likely to break your penis
Three sex moves are most likely to break your penis
Oh, that's a strange headline. It seems like should be the three sex moves that are but okay
Uh sex may not be all it's cracked up to be. All right, let's skip ahead
What are the moves?
We know what a penile fracture is right
So when you break your penis, all right, that's what I thought. Well, where are these perilous positions?
Okay, what are they though?
What are the positions? All right, I guess I'll actually read
2020 brazilian study
Uh 20 years worth of penile fractures found that doggy style was responsible for 43 of cases while missionary position accounted for 40 percent
Uh and women on top 12 percent
So don't do any of those those are the
I'd argue every position is just a variation of those three positions
Well, they can't do them and you got to figure something else out do the triple cow. Do the reverse cow girl
Well, that's just her on top. No, it's different do the sideways cow girl
do the um
Bermudan caddy
Do the uh
Do the psychic spoon bender?
Reverse anal you ever done reverse anal? That's not all right
A california resident tests positive for the plague
after camping
Man the plague is back
Like what else is 2025 gonna do to us? Sorry plague is back. That kind of a recession indicator. No, just counts as the plague
California residents are probably upset as a resident of lake tahoe in california has tested positive for the plague
Where'd you just vacation again?
How recently did they test positive for the plague?
About a couple weeks ago. Wait. No. Tell me how recently it was
Statement released on tuesday by health officials in eldorado county said they were notified of the situation
by the california department of public health the statement said that individual is now recovering at a home
Which is a great place to do it. The plague is naturally present in many parts of california including higher elevation areas of eldorado county
It's important that individuals take precautions especially while walking hiking intercamping or they might get the plague
Damn it. Why did I move to the state with a plague?
Case gets tested for the plague. I was at the lake part. It wasn't even that high up. I stayed low down
I was at the lowest part of lake tahoe the lake
An arizona man already died of the plague this year. Well, at least we're not in arizona
Although kennel's parents are from arizona and they're visiting
He's trying to get the plague young man
Because that's okay
But the most important thing is family and we don't just give it a family because they might be carrying the plague like a boat full of rats
No, we welcome that at the Thanksgiving table and we say god bless you for this bounty of food and diseases that we share in together
Amen
Well, it's just one guy who died and they probably don't hang out with that guy
The lake is where all the plagues are
Yeah, how come this isn't happening in florida. It's probably happening in florida to be clear
But we just don't notice usually i'm from florida. You're from that's a florida accent. Is it florida's a home for all accidents?
The swamp creates all sorts of swarthy
powerful accents
All right
Anyway, we probably had the plague but we just call that a
We call that a um
Port canaveral hangover
Okay, well look we've probably covered enough stories. Let's see if there's any
Let's see if there's any other classic stuff
That we just have to click on
There was a story about um a french streamer dying unfortunately
Who seemed to be part of some horrific kick abuse stream?
Guess if i'm gonna talk about it
kick streamer death
yikes
It's very it's it's it's it's honestly a pretty big download to end on because
Whatever the fuck was going on here seems to be
A particularly i mean talk about recession indicators a particularly depressing
innate commentary on the modern world, but
Uh french streamer dies live online after months of apparent mistreatment french authorities are investigating the death of a man during a live stream on kick
Okay, prosecutors ordered an autopsy
France's minister of AI and digital technology clara chapas said rafael graven known online as gene
pormanove
Had featured regularly in videos on kick where he was physically assaulted or humiliated by his co-streamers as viewers watch live
Um, okay choppa
What happened though is not clear from the experts whether
Porn and pormanove had subjected himself to the violence voluntarily or is forced to endure it or whether the action was real or staged
It seems to be real i'm not going to show you guys any clips
But i saw some floating around social media unfortunately and it seemed like the whole stream was just
Um, i guess like a completely
Massacistic form of jackass like take the prank silly part out of jackass and it's just them essentially beating the shit out of their friend
throwing things at him
financially, uh manipulating him
It's like absolute bottom of the barrel disgusting shit
I don't know
Why that would even be like legal to broadcast, but i guess kick has no rules
It does seem like they're kind of in violation of just
Classic human laws
By assaulting their friend. I guess if he was
Presented as and as doing it willingly. Maybe there's not a lot of legal recourse here, but
For my understanding of the story. They basically checked on him on stream after throwing bottles at him to wake him up
And when they checked on him he was dead
Um, so
Yes, the platform mr. Beast just joined
Uh
I don't know
It's like so through the looking glass absurd
Um, it does kind of feel like
You take like that absolute bottom of the barrel like prank content to its logical extreme and this is where it had so
I hope this doesn't become a trend. I hope that this doesn't this getting coverage doesn't just make other fucking complete
Psycho pasco like oh
Killing your friend is actually a great way to blow up
on kick
I mean look
Are all of us tempted by the snake of fame to
Get bit by its delicious venom
and let its cruelty run through our veins in the name of clicks views and
Hooking up with hot chicks on jet skis all of us have had the thought but
It's important not to kill people and I've said that for a long time so
You know don't beat your friends publicly and murder them
No matter how many views it gets
Wow, thanks coach McGurk. That was a powerful speech. I think it's important to say stuff like this
Because a lot of people don't even think about it that it's not good to murder your friends
YouTube drink channels were bad, but this is uh, those were all staged. Yeah, I just mean
You kind of take that like ethos of
What like whatever that is like I'm gonna do anything on camera just in the desperate bid
to get views
and I feel like it always kind of leans a little sadistic and
If that kind of shits just around long enough and
If it just if it's just allowed to kind of fly on these platforms
I think this is the kind of thing it leads to this seems really extreme to your point
I don't think everybody's doing this but
the fact anyone was doing this and there was an audience for it is very alarming and
Kick should absolutely
Be banning accounts like this. I mean so should youtube so should twitch
all of these broadcasting
Hubs have some responsibility to not allow this shit on their platform, but notoriously kick doesn't give a fuck about any kind of moderation
Oh, shit
Yes, mr. President listen up jack card king unjust mama jam 300 shani
Tasty cohen and I've been dying to say this what's that I've hijacked the presidency
You should find a little executive order. No one can use the touching music for a week
This one for idiom bulldog has ruined it for everybody by now
I can thank you
Mr. President
Oh, look, I agree with what the president said and I think it's incredibly important
That we respect the wishes of our president
Because even if we disagree with him say he's not from the party of our choice
At the end of the day we got to come together as a country and respect the rule of law
You son of a bitch
What I don't have control over it. All right coach. McGurk. You've ruined it. We're done. I'm fucking done
All right, that's all the news we can handle. I wanted to click on this story about uh
Eric Adams, but I guess I won't yeah, well we can cut ourselves off at Eric Adams
Um, okay, it's time for debate. I guess and then we have a bunch of things left to do
So we'll be getting into
All sorts of stuff still and we have to make a song so we might have to pick up the pace a little bit
But for now it's debate time
Yes
Come on. You got a plot for me. There it is
Yeah
I know this audience loves me so much
Every time someone turns on the stream they say where's much
The audience should always be asking where's much and they never have asked even once where's crumb, but he's still here and he's right here
He's and he's fine. It's crumb
crumb
You fucking take a vow of silence finally think I've got a dance real easy to do
I learned it with no rhythm and so can you
So move your body if you've got the notion front to back in a rock like motion
We all know it now that you've got it if you think you can I know that to the music. That's the bartman
That is not your dance. Okay crumb
You might have his voice you might have stolen the bartman's voice
But that does not make you the bart man. All right, and I want you to remember that
You will never be the my baulia baby my baulia
your baulia
Not like a new type of instrument or something
But if you know where your wife is again, I would really like to know I too am dad and in the wood. Oh
That's just disgusting. I guess I thought you lost your penis. So I don't even know what that is in there
Goddamn you are nasty bring back my soul bring back my soul bring back my soul bring back my soul
You're just putting you're just putting you're just putting it now. Okay
And I'm not
I'm not gonna entertain that kind of thing. We're here for the coaches here
Look, we had a debate the man about big j-dub should case play a plagues
tail requiem
First I need to know what that is
Plagues is that the one with all the rats?
Is that the rat game?
A plague sale requiem is a great game
Is what it says when I searched this
I'm looking for the trailer though
Okay, here's the large trailer. We'll watch some of it. All right
What's wrong?
Those last months on the road
After all that happened in gwehan
Hugo was always worried that it would start all over again. Where's the gameplay?
I know about these story trailers everything was so nice man. This is all oh wait
Those are in-game graphics at least
Maybe it was
Where's the rats?
Where the rats at?
All right, I need to know all this background story. What kind of game is this? What kind of beeps and boops are we dealing with?
Game play please
Okay gameplay overview trailer. This will be more instructive to my opinion on this situation
Amicia and hugo are headed south along with their mother Beatrice and the young alchemist lucas
Reaching places still spared by the devouring plague where the rats are raging wars and the rabid rats of a mysterious island
Okay, here we go. You throw shit at people you burn people
Hugo wants more than ever to help his big sister. You go plagued up hinder their progress
It's like assassin cream, but with oh, there's some rats can decimate entire squads of soldiers. Okay now
We're talking takes a severe toll on hugo
Yeah, he's got rat powers. I fucking knew it
Okay, look, I didn't fully understand what we were dealing with
At first but now I understand it's a game of rats and thus I'm in favor of it as someone who's had to fight rats nuts
Is that it? Is that you say is that you trying to diminish the quality of this rat game?
Which is rich coming from you seeing as you're a motherfucking rat crumb
Yeah, that's silence to his ass. He knows much
I'm right fucking here. Are you kidding? I may have stolen the botlan's voice, but you stole my penis
Which is worse. What is that thing in your fucking pants sticking out? Oh shit?
I just remember that's your hip bone because I didn't put it in right
Munch, could you shove some laxatives down my throat?
I'm all backed up from the all the undercooked pasta salad. I've been eating in hell
It's delicious, but really hard on the digestive system
Stop eating al dente pasta salad
Even if and especially in hell just starve to death
Like the tortures stole my unit because she is a unique
God you fucking wish and if I was I'd be the powerful
Voice of the king most likely just to let you know I did contract the plate
That is not surprising. You certainly look like you did. Thank god. I'm immune to all
pre 20th century diseases
Because honestly I got all of them and it kind of made me sort of immune to poison
One of my many skills actually so not surprising. Anyway, which do you want to play the gamer now?
Actually, it doesn't matter. You don't want to play the game and I think they should you've gone and made a big mistake
And I can't allow you to think you can just walk away
So turn around and face the piper you're gonna pay because the end is now
This is gonna be your judgment day a cheap shot. That's the way that you play the game
I was blindsided but things will never ever be the same
You know you say a lot of things I agree with but yeah, yeah, exactly
Exactly. Okay. Uh, look if we have a mind that can make that debate. I'm on the side of case should
Play a plague tale requiem because controlling rats is pretty fucking cool
I mean just ask the Spanish dude
They were throwing those things all around as a weapon of war back in my day
And they were pretty good at it. So look, I mean, uh
Does it look like the most original game?
I mean, yes, and that's one of the reasons I'm interested in this type of game because
I think it's important to practice for the very real plague outbreaks that you might have to deal with
In the city that you still have a lot of business interest in
And a lot of people they just want to play, you know, silly fun games
They want to play their marios. They want to catch pokemons
Well, nobody's trying to catch the goddamn plague and yet people are so we should fucking learn how to deal with it
With an educational plague game where you set guys on fire and control rats with your mind, you know, I'm tired of this
We've lost sight of educational games ever since mario is missing didn't do big box office numbers for the super nintendo
Well, now we're bringing it back by educating these kids about the motherfucking plague and how it was perpetrated by a bunch of psychic orphans
Nobody wants to talk about that
But I bet you think it shouldn't be played isn't that right crumb?
Only old house
What the fuck are you talking about now?
Jesus Christ
15 bucks little man, but that's shit in my hand
We don't I mean if you want to bet money on this shit
We can crumb because I got a lot less than my check you had so little it got you fucking killed
That's right on the king of the wall when you're the king you also are the king of the walls
You just say you wish that is so fucking rude you are not allowed to say that that is not your word
Oh my god, I know that there were a couple rats in your stomach crumb, but I got them out so can you not
Make that real
Where's the real munch? There's only one munch. Okay. He's the realest. They're fucking is and you're looking case doesn't need to play in a game
Time
Well, we'll be when he has to fight off Kendall's parents when they try to eat him
That's a good point case does seem to be very geolocated in a plague-like region
So maybe he doesn't even need to play this but the answer that we came up with was that he actually
I train stopped not in front of company silly
What the fuck
Are you doing down in hell where you're not at because you're alive sitting next to me
Officer most importantly I won
Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again again
Actually the 284 times I've won very fairly to be exact
Unquestionably everyone agrees. Maybe I didn't hold you all those lonely lonely times. I guess I never told you
I'm so happy that your mind little things. I should have said and done
I just never took the time but you were always on my mind
You were always on my mind. Tell me. Tell me that your sweet love hasn't died and give me give me one more chance to keep you satisfied
I'll keep you satisfied
That is not the song we're listening to. Okay, so if you want to play sing along
The the song is actually how I want a munch boom
The boom is silent, but it's in there. So deal with that shit
Got him
Talk about yourself
I got thought about that dumbass
He says
Takes one to be you are one got him
I'll see you in hell
Let's have a damn debate in hell
But the devil gets to choose the winner
Well, the devil already chose to get defeated soundly by me a bunch of times
I actually need to get rid of these graphics because that whole section is over after I easily trounced the devil several times
Every time basically the people are saying
Point is I'm doing great and I just won again
And apparently the fucking electrician is almost here. So pretty soon. I'm gonna have to go in the fucking wall
And apparently deal with you somehow even though you're right here
But I will
clear my name
As I'm an innocent man. See you soon munchie. Ha ha
It's sort of unsettling when it's coming from the guy sitting right next to you
Except I'm unsettled. Oh, wow. Me old Towsel
I don't know what that means. I'm gonna assume it's offensive and I don't want a munch
Well, you just did anyway
And everybody else did you heard the song so says you I am saying that actually I am saying that crumb and he says
You too. You just said let me gobble that dumb
What the fuck
God
I can bitch you cannot perform the hideou can you can barely control the chi of your fucking asshole?
Okay, barely control your wish you wish you wish you could control your root chi like me
I could hideou can out of my fucking ass. That's how powerful my chi concentration is you had no chi concentration
You got mo chi concentration because you made a fucking ice cream you soft baby, bitch
That's all the fucking time we have I'm not even upset about what he's saying to me
I'm impossible too upset, but I win impossibly every time
Making the impossible possible and I will possibly be here next time meaning I definitely will be
And I'll see you all then and the credits better be fucking working. Where are my credits at god damn it
Where am I? Oh my god. I'm sorry. This is your fault. This is your fault. You son of they're supposed to be credits here
You piece of shit
God
You're the dumb ass motherfucker. And then whatever I'm out of here, man. I'm going to goddamn chili's
Nothing works when it crumbs not around apparently including the credits
I wish we could all go to chili's
Oh my friend john called me
We'll have to call him after this, you know, okay, how about we do this because I'm running a little
long in the tooth here and uh
Kendall's parents are in town, so I probably shouldn't stream for another full
Hour plus, um, we will also do
We'll do jumbalaya in the town hall on monday. We'll load it up
So for now, we'll talk to
Who are we talking to?
Let's see if I can find what I'm looking for here
That's the work
Okay
Yeah, there we go. Um
For now, we're gonna talk to justin juice powers about the butthole story from earlier. What was it about again?
Oh
sperm butts
I don't know why he would know about this
But I guess he does
Um
Pito are you
You know where justin juices you get him on the line? Yeah, he's usually around
Are you okay today? Yeah, I eat an interdimensional portal and it's kind of warm doing some stuff to me
You ate a portal. I kind of lapped up an interdimensional portal
And the wizard who was guarding it said hey, don't do that. And but it was too late. I already had him on my mouth
I was glitching all over the place. I saw infinite versions of myself
You know you think infinity's positive, but it's also every type of negative
So really this kind of leaves you feeling totally washed up
But also hungry. I am still hungry
You're disappearing. Yeah big time
Let her eat something
Was it a wizard or a meth dealer both man not mutually exclusive
Honestly, most wizards are meth dealers, but that doesn't mean they don't know spells
Yeah, that's true. You know what that's true actually
Um, okay, let's talk to the juice
Let's get this juice loose guys
Uh
One second
We need to talk to him apparently
about buttholes
So let's do that
Juice are you here? Is the juice in fact loose?
Usually I can hear oh he's here
Let me put on my glasses so that I make sure I can see him actually
Juice you around buddy looking for the juice
A baby
Hectating darling. Yes
Yeah, baby
I can see him really clearly because I'm wearing my glasses. You all right. Oh fucking lovely darling
He's feeling a little bit
Really fucking sexual is what I say. Do you want to fuck?
Do I make you want to fuck?
Um
You mean do you make me horny do I get you fucking shopping way in your parts darling? Yeah
Do you can you uh
Do you know anything about buttholes releasing sperm? Oh
Yeah, darling, they do
Yeah, they do
Well, sorry, I should have clarified
Back in the day apparently we might have evolved from organisms
Then at one point only really had one shoot for both releasing sperm and
poop
so
Well, we got one shoot that could do both now. I'll tell you that in my experience
And I don't know about coming in go do you know what I mean? I believe I got music
I'm bisexual, baby. Yes. Was that ever established in the films?
You mean in Austin powers? No my just induced powers films
You're aware that I used to make documentaries
About what?
About fucking oh you mean porn. No, they were documentaries
right
Anyway me and Austin powers above bisexual darling. Yeah
Like they was pretty like um
they're like
Various vaguely homophobic jokes in the original Austin powers. No shade honestly a classic regardless, but
Wasn't he always trying to assert that he was straight?
He might be a certain it that doesn't mean I'm not incertain it. Yeah high five too far away psychic boom
That's what it looks like
What sex looks like
You know what I mean
That's what fucking is like if you think it's just holes and it's a toads and shafts
Boom boom boom. I love it
Okay, man. Anyway, I've got to go. I'm really fucking busy
Fucking
You know you said fucking busy. I got it. Yeah, but I'm in it literally
In case that wasn't clear
So I do have to get back to that and I'll go back to your back if you let me you're all invited to fuck me
Yeah, darling. I don't have any standards. There's a hole in me. I can't feel case
No matter what I do and I'm never pleased. I've never satisfied
Yeah, darling. I'll see you all soon. Somebody help me. Yeah
Okay
Sounds like he's doing well
Does it fill the hole with a pole
You didn't really ask him about the butt stuff. I tried
He was had his own agenda. My brain is almost gone
Okay, well, thanks. We wouldn't worry about it too much
What's the price point to make justin juice powers meet Kendall's parents?
The price is my life
And I do not pay it willingly
Um, all right
We got to get do a little music and get out of here
The music man is calling me. Uh, let's send it down to DJ C4 who today will be making the classic hit
His next classic hit
Another rat in the wall with peter gibbon
Fantastic. How long is that song?
Hopefully not too long
Regardless, they've got to do it. It's uh, dj
C4 time
Oh, yeah
I'm locked in guys
Today we're in the studio and today we're locking in actually
Ready to make some hits
Today we're ready to make some hits in the studio. So I'm trying to get my uh
Trapaholics mixtape voice going just in case I'm trying to settle in on my kind of dj call sign. That's an important one
dj c4 the hit explosion
Anyways, I think I might steal that guy's voice to do it, but I haven't found the right phrase yet. So let's booms and baps
That's a huge part of production actually
But my job is mostly to find the track on youtube that we're gonna steal
To make our track
Another brick in the wall is what we need today
I guess we could
You know, we could uh make you to a genre shift. Let's see if there's another brick in the wall trap beat
Because I'm curious
Oh, there is
Oh, it's okay. Let's see. What else we got
It doesn't really sound like this original. So maybe not
Okay, this is kind of this is all right
Kanye West times pink floyd
It's kind of got the whole chorus in there though, which is not ideal
Yeah, there is a rule 34 for trap. It turns out this is not
It's not right. Oh, that's a great question. What is your favorite hole in your body?
Exclamation point. Oh is how you give us your favorite hole and then we'll vote on it
After dark bootleg. Hmm. Maybe we just go with the original here
I think the first one was fine. Maybe we just do this one
Okay, fantastic now we just need the lyrics to the original another brick in the wall
Lyrics our winner was finger hole
So
Either whichever hole you like a finger in the most or if you have a hole in your finger
I could see either being your favorite another brick in the wall
lyrics
Um
Let's go to genius.com for this. I need these genius lyrics
All right, great. Great. Great
Good. Good. Good. Great. Great. Great. You know, I've always said
Uh
Good is the enemy of fine
And we're really shooting for fine here. Okay
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Well lyrics are in that means it's ghost writer time
Yeah, because the google ai results have fucked up the lyrics in the past
Which it does auto give you now, but they're often for some reason wrong for some reason sometimes google stuff is wrong lately
I don't even know
Let's send it out to the ghost writer to take care of
Honestly, probably the least important part the writing
Let's I mean even a ghost can do it. Let's see how they're doing ghost writer. You're ready to make a hit
kind of fucked kind of fucked up that he uh
Underselling my contributions like that, but
That's fine. I'm a professional
I don't do this for approval. I do this for ghost money
We still have commerce for some reason as ghosts. It's a huge bummer. It just doesn't go away when you die
It's just it's still full on capitalism. Sorry everybody
Daddy's flown across the ocean leaving just a memory a snapshot in the family album daddy. What else do you uh, did you leave for me daddy?
What did you leave behind for me?
All right, let's just make it all wrap. Let's just make it all like a braggadocious rap for no net
Hmm. Let's make it all bread at braggadocious rap for no reason
Daddy looking fly
from across the ocean
uh
What's the name of the new song?
Um another dick in the wall
Oh, it's another rat in the wall
Wait, what is it? I gotta get it. I gotta get this right. I gotta say I just gotta I gotta put this on screen
I should just have it auto populate
We'll figure that out. I'm a ghost. I don't have to do that. Someone else do that. I'm a ghost
Where was it? Why can't I find this?
Dang it
Ah another rat in the wall
Never mind. We have to make this all about rats
Let's back this up. We're not just making this some kind of generic rap
This is a rap about raps rats
Daddy's flown across the ocean leaving just a memory. I think I remember that with me
Okay, so this would be like one line for us
Um
Daddy's is an impressive how and all we are is just another brick in the wall
All in all it was just a all in all it was all just rats in the wall. We got to leave that the same
That's our chorus
You're doing the part no one listens to unless they're high. Yeah, we got to do the whole thing apparently
I mean all I really know is the chorus
Across the ocean
Why do you think he'd do that?
Daddy got some memories
Of fleeing from the ancient rats
It's a sort of rap lore
Daddy's flown across the ocean. Why do you think he'd do that daddy got some memories of fleeing from the ancient rats?
Sort of gonna be incomprehensible honestly if we use the original lyrics, so I say we do it
A snapshot in the family album
That's like 20 minutes
Jesus
Why is this song so long?
Daddy snapshot in the family album daddy. What else did you leave for me daddy? Oh wait, how long is the intro in the original?
Isn't breaking the wall super long
Crazy, maybe we just forget this part actually
Yeah, they're thinking of we're thinking of this one, right?
Yeah, yeah, we don't we'll just cut this part
We're gonna go straight we're gonna go straight into the into the meat
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control
Rats don't need no education
Rat packs have mass thought control
Moving scurry
Patrol yeah, yeah patrol works
These lyrics are two part no one
Part one not part two with the kids
Fuck
How many lyrics are there?
We don't need no education. Okay, we're starting here
We're starting here
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom
Okay, this is the right part right
Wait, what's which part am I supposed to do part one or part two? I don't understand part two. Okay
So that I was doing the right thing then right don't we want to do part two?
This is part one
Cut parts one and three. All right, great. Where does part two start?
Oh, yeah, yeah part two
Did I cut part two?
Fuck
Let's go back to the source. Okay. This is part two
There's part three. All right. We just want this part. This is a part part of the creative process
It's figuring out which lyrics you can get get away with cutting. Oh, yeah. Yeah one second. Let me close this thing
Jesus one second everybody
All right, there we go. I don't listen to pink floyd dude. I don't listen to music. I make music
Duh
You don't have to listen to it to make it
I'll show her all the way back at the top now
42 pages of just banger lyrics
In my ghost book here
All right, we don't need no education. We don't need no thought control
Fantastic
We're in it now rats don't need no education packs
Just use mass thought control
um
Scurrying sick plague sensations
a scratching
in and out of holes
We're just gonna add some lyrics to make it more rat stuff
not sarcastic
rat fantastic
Pest control. Oh, you're right
Packs too big for pest control. Fantastic
No cheese at the end of the right yellow brick rolled beautiful msg. Yeah, this will be I'll be in the producer credits, of course
something something
Not sarcastic rat fantastic
Rats have burrowed in my soul. How many lyrics you have? Oh god, it's still kind of long. All right. I shouldn't add too many lyrics
So something something in the classroom. What is the original go?
Oh
No dark sarcasm in the classroom. Okay. Yeah, we'll just cut that
You got tickets for your favorite artist artist lyric in the song. Yeah, we should just leave that in there
Catcher leave those rats alone
Fantastic handled
Hey catcher leave leave them rats alone
Get tickets for your favorite
I attempted to leave that in see upcoming rock shows get tickets for your favorite artists
But I guess we'll cut it
Uh, you might also like him Tyler the creator. Hey chain Tyler the creator
sticky Tyler the creator
Somehow paste it in the ad
Maybe I should have just left it
All in all we're just another rat in the wall. Okay, that takes care of itself
All in all, you know, we'll say we'll go from your to where
Spooky guys that makes it spooky
It's another rat in the wall
Um, okay. Anybody let's we got any other hot education rhymes that are rat related
Uh infiltration
Infestation stuff humans need
An infestation this is going to be hard to wrap
Good thing. I don't have to humans needed infestation
Rat king penis masturbation
Someone said masturbation
Humans needed infestation rat king penis masturbation all their dicks are tied together
mastication
Uh, yeah, we want the rat king penis masturbation line
We'll just see how that works. I honestly don't know if it's gonna fit this song at all
What peter can figure that out?
um
No dark sarcasm in the kind of teacher
Catcher do you think he's alone and that's the same we just paste that in
We'll use strange Jesus lubrication that's going in
That's going in
So no dark sarcasm in the classroom. I don't know what to replace that with
I guess we need to rhyme with one of these maybe together
Or some rat control
It's not the right place for that that lyric
But it does rhyme somewhat with control
Mastication as in chewing food. Oh, you didn't even write masturbation
That was my ghost vision. Sorry
No ventilation in the drywall. That's beautiful
I've been mad. That's true. I've been masticating a lot lately
I guess we just lose this whole outro
Because we kind of I don't know. We just don't need it
Humans need an infestation right?
How's it for some rat control note?
Let's just see how this is super short and weird
Chains kids to rats
Where did I leave kids?
Oh, yeah, leave those rats alone
Rata
This might not be
doable
The way I've written it at all
So let's find out
Kick in
Yeah, we're gonna say ad-lib it I guess
Oh
Let it go
All right
Rats don't need no
Education the pack's too big for pest control
Scurrying sick ass plagues sensations
Scratching in and out of holes. Yeah, we are not
sarcastic
Rat fantastic rats have borrowed in my soul
Yo
Catcher rats alone
Feel like that'll work good enough
Let's make peter do it
Peter you're supposed to be the artist so um
You figured out
Yeah, man, it's it's on you peter who's in the studio now
Do your best
I'll do more than my best. I actually love collaborating
I love what you guys are putting out
I've been focused up
I've been kind of working with the pen and the pad too as well in case you need any
Lyrical help and I just do it it like I wrote it can do because I can also take notes
You don't let case fool you
We're civilized in the wall more civilized honestly than out of it
And I love to work with talented gentlemen like yourself
Thanks peter. Um, but you know, let's just try to get through this. I'll set you up real quick
Let's set this guy up. Let me just open up this
important dj program that I use called um
adobe audition
All the dj's are using it to make beats actually
come on
parabolic
Is our downloader of choice in case anybody ever needs a decent youtube downloader search up parabolic youtube downloader
So far it seemingly hasn't given me a terrible virus
We're white enough to be that offbeat absolutely
This sounds like moves like jagger that all kind of sounds like moves like jagger
I'm willing to admit that
Damn it. This thing isn't working actually at right after I sing its praises
Let me see if I can get a different one to work
youtube's just getting
Better and better at denying
downloads
A ytdlp-gui is what this um parabolic thing is using it's just an interface for it
I know that there's like one that you can run as like a command prop or something, but I'm
Too dumb to figure that out unfortunately
Son of a bitch
It just took it a minute. Okay
Oh, I never rendered last week's insanely terrible song
And me
So let me just what even was it last week?
Oh, you've got a friend in me. We've been making some good stuff people
Friend in
We'll get that one rendered for next week. So we have another
Classic track to add to our friday pre-show playlist
Now we're locked in
Fantastic, baby
Dianth that should be fine. All right, peter. You're all loaded up
You've been professionally set up by this producer here. So now you can do your thing
Oh goody
case, when are you gonna do your djc4 release party?
Oh, yeah, we got to get those things on a soundcloud. I just haven't signed up for soundcloud yet
Now that we're almost done with uh
I've been told your wall is almost ready to be explored the walls always been ready
The question is are the people who are exploring it ready? And if they need time
Well time is an illusion
Outside of the wall
In the wall, it's real
My hat looks great and thank you for the free hat
actually, we uh
They're they're not free. We ask that you return those when you're done
but
You know coach margherit still has his
He bought that
That's not what he said
You ready to go? Oh, um, yes
Yes, I guess I am
Is it working?
Okay
Test test. Oh good. We're out
Hey there, it's peter gibbon
Yeah
I'm outside of the wall, but you know where I'd like to be
Probably back in it actually because that's where the rats are. Let's go
Yo
Peter g out of the hole
Ready to flow
You know ready to flow
Peter g
I'm out of the hole
You know ready to flow
You know ready to flow because rats don't need no
education
Packs too big for past control
That scurrying sick ass plague sensation they're scratching in and out of holes
It's not sarcastic. It's rat fantastic because rats have borrowed in my soul
Hey
Catcher
Leave them rats
All alone. Hey catcher
Leave them rats alone. You know what I said boy
Leave them rats alone
Because all in all you're just another rat in my wall
Humans need an infestation
Rat king penis
masturbation
All their dicks are tied together now house that for some
past control
No ventilation in the dry wall. All we do is have a ball
In the wall
There is all yeah in the wall. You know there is also hey
Catcher leave them rats alone
Leave them rats alone
Leave them rats alone
All in all we're just another rat in the wall
I didn't nail that
But you can time that out for me right?
And then the beat just comes back in
Because that'd be kind of sick if it dropped out like that and then boom i'm peter giving i'm back in on it
You know great you're done. Oh no second take I could go again. We're good. You got it
One take peter g that's me
Yeah, really good great so done
Incredibly done stuff dude. You nailed it and it's finished because I did so good
Thanks peter. Thanks man. Really good to have you done
The close-up of peter will be in my nightmares tonight because the song was sort of a dark twisted rat fantasy
That's why not because of my face
Not because of this
Don't you don't have to do that with your mouth do what why does he sound like a ghost?
Why do I sound like a ghost?
I'm just kidding. I think it's I think you turned on an effect battle man. I've seen some stuff, but this guy
He's an incredible artist
Yeah
Okay, well, thanks so much for hanging out peter. We'll get that track all set up for you and by god
Just hit the eject button. I've never seen that happen before
DJ c4 was like i'm done man
If I hit this button, I don't have to talk to this guy anymore. He didn't even turn his music on. That's how over peter
All right, everybody
that
Will do us for today
Let's uh see who's on and who's in the mood for a raid. But peter you want to take care of it?
Yeah, play me that beat while we get out of here keep that rat beat going
It's the kind of beat I relate to
slow it
Slow it down
Has speed for me. Oh, yeah, that's good there. We had chocolate screwed y'all
Uh, but you don't drop it if it eat all the boots and cats
Eat them up with my fellow rats except i'm a dog
But I eat like a rat
Um, yeah, this is good nasty stuff. All right
Let's raid my day, baby
We out of here, but we'll still see you lately
My brain's disappearing
Maybe that's why my mind is clearing
Okay, sad exclater is playing together. It's like the raid's been created. Don't even worry. I mean
Might be disappearing
But I'm gonna digest this portal and come up come up even better on the other side
I'll let you know how the meeting goes with justin juice powers and Kendall's parents
I think they're gonna get along great because I believe in friendship
I'm doing every week already
Bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
I'm a Pita. Why did I have a little guy who say you bye bye bye?
Pita, we got it. The stream's over. Are you yipping?
No, you're kind of yipping there. Nope. Nope. No, no
But I'm saying no. Yep. All right. Like I'm done. I murdered that
That was you just said yipping by a lot. That's rap dude. That's when you feel it. You just kill it like that
Anyway, I can't feel most of my head. Yeah, it's disappearing. Oops. Don't miss it
Honestly, those people can live without half their head. No, I don't think yeah, they can