I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Farma John Cronus is secretly alive.
Sick.
Hello everybody.
Oh my god, it's back.
No!
The newest addition to the stream.
For some reason, still there.
Oh well.
I thought I got rid of it before the stream, but I didn't.
Good to see everybody.
Metalcast, MSG, Greg Tew, Propaganda, Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo, Apple to Apple.
Yeah, we're in the glitch zone now.
Commander Geb Jay Money, Psychor, Not Cases Brothers, Subreechi, others.
These UFOs are adjusting my reality.
I really do wonder what's causing that.
Too much, too many goodies on this stream.
What can you do?
End to daddy.
Snorlax, good to see ya.
Yes, it's Monday.
We're back.
Doing streams.
Isn't that great?
Pepito?
Don't ask me.
I don't measure quality of anything.
Tastes to me are not a moral judgment.
I eat the good and the bad.
And to me it is all stuff in my mouth.
That's deep, Pepito.
No it's not.
Oh.
Okay, that's probably more accurate.
Anyway, I guess I might have to go a little faster today
because as usual I'm starting a little late.
Though I say that at the top of many streams
where I go at the exact same pace.
So let's just get into some news.
Graham CD, thank you so much for the 35 months.
Wow, is that like three months?
No, it's 35 months.
Like five months?
Three and a five.
It's a lot more than three or five months.
I'm still, I'm impressed either way.
Just do four hours?
Yeah, start doing four hour streams, you nerd.
I just don't have time.
Yes you do.
Not if I'm gonna watch Animais with Kendall.
I'd say that's equally important in my scheduling.
Any good news out there?
Hey, we'll be going into all the news
that you guys have shared at the cream dot team
in the Discord, in the bin section.
They just go there.
You can share news and I will click on it
and then someone will read it.
But first of course we'll start with
whatever the supposedly major news of the day is
which is usually bad news, I'll level with you.
It's usually pretty bad.
But who knows, it could always surprise us.
Maybe we're all getting,
maybe the big news of the day is that there's free foot
by the foot for everyone.
Is that news?
No, no I just made that up as an example.
Would that be that good?
Free for everyone?
Free foot by the foot for everyone?
Would that be good?
You wouldn't want that Pepito?
Obviously I'll take it.
Give it to me.
Make it real case.
Give me all of it right now.
More than I can handle, kill me with the fruits.
Give me, get some 10,000 miles of fruits.
I, okay I can't do that Pepito.
You liar.
Are we getting those doge checks yet?
Yeah all those savings that we got at the beginning of this year
from doge, I'm sure those checks are coming anytime soon
so hold on for that, just hold on for that Commander Gep.
10,000 miles of fruits, fruit by the light-year.
More foot than you can fruit on.
Give Pepito, since when do you like fruit?
I didn't do nothing, you said nothing about fruit.
I'm talking about lengthy gummy tape.
A long gelatinous tape, stripped off the paper and fed to me.
I think we should just get into the news.
Don't avoid this.
Fruit by the marathon?
Yes!
Let's just get into the news I guess.
Uh, Pepito will settle down eventually.
For now it's news time.
Don't let them take it from you.
Propaganda you guessed it correctly.
Great news everybody.
It's me.
Oh great, it's Rick.
Yep get excited.
I can tell you're all excited.
I think you're misreading the room.
Who me?
Never Rick.
You're all excited for Rick.
You can say it every time you show up Rick, it's not going to make it true.
Don't do my voice.
I'm not trying to.
Uh, bad news Rick.
No!
Your best pal Rick.
Beloved Rick.
I don't know.
What about that title Rick?
Only fix one thing before we get into this Rick.
So that I can talk to you more seamlessly.
What more could you possibly need to talk to me?
Just don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it Rick.
Good ol' Ricky that's right.
Uh, okay.
One second.
Little issues to fix on the stream as always.
Just little baby issues though.
Hmm hmm hmm hmm.
Um.
Oh my gosh.
Whenever I have to go into the stream deck live on stream, I mean the streamer bot.
It's truly a journey into madness.
Why do I even do it to us?
And where did I even put this?
Uh, one second.
Okay okay okay I'm finding it.
We're finding it.
I don't know what it is chat because it's too boring but we're finding it.
Okay.
And Rick I'm cutting you for a sec.
Okay.
Uh, okay.
That's something you feel like you need to do.
Then cut to me.
Okay the question is isn't working.
It should be working though.
Oh good it's okay is this working?
That one's not working.
Damn it chat we're gonna have to do a couple more fixes.
A little preview of what's supposed to be happening there.
What is all of that?
What's this?
Why isn't this working?
Hmm it's a fair question.
Why don't things work?
Who's to say?
Check check okay it's working now.
Yeah now we're working.
Okay the new presidential NFT just dropped.
Yeah let's get into it.
Kasim and I.
The Kasim G you know him?
Yeah I know the Kasim G.
We went to the No Kings protest in Glendale.
Here in sunny Los Angeles on Saturday.
Was it Saturday or Sunday?
Man the fact I can't I think it was Saturday.
You can't even remember when you were protesting?
It's the weekend baby it all blends together for me.
Saturday we went to the No Kings protest in Glendale.
It was an incredibly mild affair.
Kasim took pictures so he's locking the pictures behind a Patreon wall.
Though I will say one of the actors from Kids in the Hall was there.
Wait am I wrong?
Let me double check the claim I'm making.
Yeah Dave Foley was there.
And I don't think it's on his Instagram anymore but Dave Foley was posting pictures on his Instagram of just the protest
and he got a hot shot of Kas with one of the G4 producers.
So it's a pretty big deal we're on Dave Foley's Instagram.
Wow you're really making connections here at the No Kings rally.
It was an incredibly mild and respectful crowd.
Not that I'm complaining that's fine by me.
DePorte has asked back to Canada.
Dave Foley?
He's not American?
Are those kids not even in an American Hall?
Yeah they're firmly in a Canadian Hall.
Oh stay in your own Hall kids.
Okay?
And that goes for all of you including you Kas, you may as well be Canadian.
You know at this point I might take it.
Kevin McDonald was not there.
The wrong guys Dave Foley, yeah the comedic actor in a bazillion different comedies Dave Foley.
Kevin McDonald will be at Sketchfest on the same Sketchfest as my sketch group.
They are their immigrant halls and they've invaded our country and they were protesting along with everyone else.
I have no idea, maybe Dave Foley might be an American citizen I have no idea.
Flick from Bugs Life Dave Foley exactly.
I can't believe even Flick has turned against this country.
Anyway I didn't take any pictures.
You know all of my contrarian instincts as I mentioned I think on the Patreon make me a really bad protester.
I'm in support of the protest but the whole time I'm there I'm like I can't bring myself to do chants and I feel uneasy.
I like that. I like that you're bad at things.
Thank you yes I'll admit to being but I am a nice warm tall body to have in a crowd so at least I did that.
Yeah I suspect many of us have.
It's not that I'm too cool it's that I have some weird probably social anxiety that keeps me from truly enjoying group activities in the way that I should.
Specifically when it comes to like group chants and like movements.
I'd be a really bad backup dancer is what I'm trying to say but I was you know I was glad I was there.
There's been some critiques I've seen of the protest for them being too mild.
I don't know.
I think at this point if people are out there and protesting I'm gonna take that as a positive and they can wear all the inflatable dinosaur suits they want.
I was just glad that you know there's some engagement at least.
If Munch had when it would have been he would have been way more active that's for sure.
Shouldn't Bonzai Belfort says shouldn't triumph the insult comics Sue Trump for stealing his for poop on me bit well hey we'll get there.
Anyway democracy now posted a little montage of some of these protests so we can steal little democracy now content.
Nothing more democratic than stealing another channel's videos so I'm in support let's give it a shot.
It's silent.
Case it's silent.
One second one one second.
Make your voices being crazy today.
What why is this quiet.
There we go.
Okay here we go.
Days of protests in U.S. history surpassing the five million in the first No Kings Day of Action in June.
On the mic.
Chicago the protest stretch for two miles is about a quarter of a million people took to the street.
Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson called for a general strike in his address and estimated 200,000 people rallied in Washington D.C.
The metro area of Washington D.C. has the highest concentration of federal workers furloughed and fired.
Can we confirm that.
Estimated 200,000 that's like an inauguration silence size crowd.
Yeah that's a Trump inauguration level crowd except maybe real.
Oh.
100,000 people were in the nation's capital.
My name is Anthony Lee I'm from Woodlawn Maryland I'm a member of National Treasure Employees Union.
Chapter 22 that represents employees at the Food and Drug Administration.
I'm here today because we shouldn't have kings in America and stand up for our democracy to get our services back to make sure that what's been happening in this country that someone stands up to it stops it and makes a change.
I'm currently furloughed.
I'm a federal employee at the FDA myself and hundreds of.
We're currently standing up and making all sorts of changes what do people want.
Not the types of changes you're making for me at least speaking for myself.
Yeah but I guarantee we're doing some standing and we're making some changes so maybe just let them play out protesters.
Our employees there are furloughed we want to work we want to get back to work.
You beat your two adventure 2k's already been fired.
To protect and promote the health and safety of the American public and so employees are now going without a paycheck struggling to figure out how they're going to make ends meet how they're going to pay for the bills and uncertain about their future in the federal government.
My name is Kathleen Romig and I formerly worked at the Social Security Administration.
Well we're asking Congress to stand up.
They have the power of the first they have oversight control over all of these important federal programs including Social Security and we're asking them to be the co-equal branch.
Anyway I won't make us watch this whole video but as always check out democracy now and Amy Goodman one of the goats.
What sedition.
Yeah sure.
Anyway I just think those clips fairly accurately if you just look at the background show there was good turnouts a lot of them it was like an incredibly calm relatively affair.
I didn't at least hear of any real violence anywhere across the country and there seem to be hundreds of thousands of people across the nation doing these protests you know spread out quite a bit but.
So it seemed pretty mild maybe even some people again so I thought too mild some people weren't a big fan of the branding of no Kings like the organizers.
At least some like.
Maybe odd statements is the wrong word but maybe some of them not the most inspirational like why we're wearing yellow and statements like that.
I don't know who who honestly cares that much if people are actually getting out in the streets to protest whatever gets people to do that I don't care if it's a two hour window if we if this happens more often I say good.
It's a little disappointing that they're like seem to be a little tepid on like including like say like free Palestine type branding a gross word use in this context but.
They seem to be kind of reluctant to attach that movement to this movement it's odd but I do think if anyone online is like.
Going after the no Kings protests I just think there's better targets and honestly you'd probably be better off at this point encouraging this kind of thing.
And and trying to like move it more in whatever direction you think is more appropriate just by engaging with it because on the whole it's just a bunch of people who are like.
Oh I hate what's happening getting out in the streets.
And I think at least broadly that's a sentiment we can relate to everybody hates what's happening pretty much 100% of people hate what's happening.
And the only challenge is getting them to agree on what's happening.
And I'm I'm excited to see how you guys handle that challenge because we have some interesting plans to keep you from knowing what's happening.
We need a national strike well hey you know like they said they're the Chicago mayor.
God whose name I can never remember as soon as I left Chicago I forgot the name of the mayor.
He was calling for a at least I guess general city wide strike or maybe more.
I would certainly be in favor of any kind of solidarity or organization that we can scrape together.
Oh of course you would good old commie black will is organization communist and also I am fine with that moniker.
Hmm Congress is already on strike. Yeah they beat us to it.
And you know they're forcing a lot of federal employees on on to strike essentially if you count being unceremoniously let go of your job for no reason.
Case hates the mayor.
See you don't even like democracy you hate your elected representatives as all of these no kings protesters.
We're showing and look the president reacted like any president would.
You know I should have pulled this up beforehand.
Yes.
Not to sometimes I wonder if it's even worth showing stuff like this because I'm assuming the only reason to post the kind of things that our president posts is to just get attention.
Not that he needs it.
Oh he's got the whole world's attention pretty much whatever he's doing.
I will say though the video I'm about to show you truly proves that Vince McMahon and Donald Trump are soul mates of the worst type because they have the exact same taste in.
I guess who they view as the bad guys getting their comeuppance this is for any real deep cut wrestling fans is a very spirit squad coded segment.
So let's check it out.
This was directly from the Trump from President Trump's official truth social.
And I you know that might be against terms of service but I would argue it's literally from the president social media so maybe not.
Yeah truly they've those crowds got epically imaginarily owned by whatever technology they're using to fill up a fighter jet with that's that much shit is it's impressive.
Did you know that was a I know what that got it keeps getting better and better.
It is also funny I don't even feel like the president's social media team is using like the latest models maybe they can't get sore to generate images of the president because they're trying to scale back on actual people being able to get generated.
So he is no longer legally occupying the office.
President Trump.
I mean he's trying to certainly reestablish what legally anything means.
He's posting that he is king.
I mean obviously I don't think he should be in there but he is he's attempting to define the laws for himself and redefine taste and it tastes like comedy.
You're going to knock the president for talking about bodily fun doing bodily functions jokes.
Mr. Piss King.
You know certain.
Unverified leaks would suggest maybe Trump is the Piss King.
Oh we're trying to bring back Russian hotel stuff.
It's always already been depart.
Yes that does seem like a stretch major maybe but I don't know I'm not the president.
I'm like a guy on Twitch with 70 viewers.
Maybe if I'm lucky so I don't think the same burden of not just posting shit videos on main is I don't think I have the same burden.
I'm just saying do on to your Twitch audience as the president would do on to you.
And you just love talking about piss but the president can't talk about a little bit of shit.
It's a video it's an AI video of him dumping shit on protesting crowds and he's the president.
And also as I mentioned those are the most respectful protests I could really imagine it was like the crowd was honestly largely probably medium age like 45 is an older crowd on average in Glendale it was the demographics for maybe not the most inspiring.
But you're going to get upset by that.
Then I guess you are as thin skinned as we all kind of already knew he was.
It's funny that he finds it so offensive.
The protests are me finding the shit video offensive I don't really find the video offensive I just think it's so I guess it's not even surprisingly stupid.
It's not as bad as the as the Gaza video that he posted but this guy truly fucking loves AI.
Which really hardens my opinions around disliking it even more so maybe that's a positive at least.
You can't dump shit or blow up boats what's the point of being president.
You know it could be like to enrich your nation I guess via sound policies and promote peace and freedom worldwide.
What do you think a president is you fucking idiot.
Well not that not what I was just saying.
Yeah like Kevin the point of being president is to blow thick vape clouds of dark chowder actually I think.
Enrich yourself.
Well look the more you enrich yourself the richer of a leader you are of the nation vis-a-vis the transitive property of sentences and words in them.
The country is richer.
Trump finding the peaceful protests so offensive that he has a video of him dumping feces on people is so funny to me also pathetic.
I mean I just outside of him actually doing that and not there not being an AI version which hey I shouldn't put it past the possibility of that happening at some point unfortunately.
It is and it's also like lazy and stupid.
It's it's hard to know what to say like I again I don't think it's the most offensive thing on the planet like the president posting a shitty AI video it's just also embarrassing like also.
I don't want to use the word cringe because I hate the word cringe but.
But you're saying it's cringe.
Essentially whatever the word cringe does for you this video should probably encompass that emotional landscape for you.
What an unnecessarily complicated way to put that case.
Why thank you very much I'm really trying to elevate the conversation around this shit video from the president.
Cringes cringe.
It's just dumb on becoming of a president I'm not even that big of a fan of presidents in general I don't think I don't think I have the same reverence for the office is like your average American.
But even I'm like come on man just do a little better.
He's not even doing authoritarianism in that exciting of a way it's just like.
I just don't know how everyone is a little bit more embarrassed.
We're all embarrassed sure.
We're just trying to be radically open to whatever the president express himself.
There's no wrong answers in art.
There are there's super wrong answers in art.
Let the president he's in an experimental period okay he's trying to find the right AI lane he tried classic rock and cowbell videos and the reception was mixed.
He's tried guys he's going to find a lane and once he's in there he's going to really make you feel the sting.
I'm waiting for it.
I'm you're embarrassed of Rick what did I do.
I didn't post a video of me taking a shit on like a bunch of hippie hippies whatever protesters are now.
God we should be so lucky as they have hippies up there.
It's just like a completely disunified group of individuals you know milling around and I think that's a decent enough starting place so I'm done.
Yes Rick you are in fact a bootlicker.
Oh I've never licked a boot you think they make you like boots they make you like way worse things than that.
We should be so lucky as to lick boots.
We'll all get there eventually.
What have you licked?
What haven't I?
You're admitting it?
Whatever we want now there's no standards that's the beautiful thing about dissolving all meaning.
You can dump shit on people you can openly threaten violence that may or may not happen you know it's a word we're in the middle of what's the word you guys love to use.
Psyop that's nice because it makes it sound smart but no we're not even trying and we don't have to.
We're just going to make everything completely meaningless and while we do that we'll be making more money than ever somehow.
Because actually when there's no meaning money can be whatever you want it to be and we've decided it's everything and we have it all.
And maybe I'm lying right now that's the point.
Money is wolves?
Sure for you guys for us it's all your resources which we're going to get more and more of but again maybe I'm lying.
Well obviously you're not lying that's just observably what's happening.
Yeah but maybe I am and now you're confused.
I'm really not that confused Rick I think your whole strategy is pretty dumb.
Exactly you can't just say everything is a win Rick but I am and we will and we did and speaking of winning the president is given some tough talk to Venezuela who by the way the free ride Venezuela is over.
When were they on a free ride?
It's a country that's experienced tremendous political turmoil for like the last 50 years.
Well it's that's they've had it too easy.
It's that's who says me and the president agrees so deal with it.
What's happening around the world I'll say that.
This country all the natural resources even recorded a message to you in English recently offering mediation.
What should we do?
He has.
So if anybody couldn't hear that this were basically just said Maduro offered you everything.
What's up with that?
He has offered everything.
He's offered everything.
You're right.
You know why?
Because he doesn't want to fuck around with the United States.
Thank you everybody.
Thank you.
Mike dropped.
Mike dropped out of an F-16 and the Mike is covered in shit and it lands directly in the mouth of you case.
Why does it got to be me?
I'm just saying make that an AI video Mr. President.
I don't think the president's going to make an AI video of me anytime soon.
You don't know you could be randomly generated into a crowd.
I'm sure your likeness has already been absorbed.
Yeah very cool.
Again tough talk.
It is.
What's tougher than saying fuck?
You think I won't say it?
I don't fucking care.
You know fuck around and faffo.
No you can't say the acronym at the end of the.
I don't even care.
I don't even fucking care.
He'll make a bit of JD.
Who knows what kind of.
I mean Trump's got unrestricted access probably to a lot of these generative models.
Who knows what kind of fucked up stuff JD he's generating.
He's not into JD.
Too old and the wrong gender.
Too old?
I mean too.
You're talking about his friend.
Hmm.
Well and meanwhile while the general.
So just to point out in that video that President Trump basically says yeah they did offer me anything.
Bye.
What's the problem with that?
Well if they're offering you everything why would you still be threatening regime change if the country is already rolling over for you.
Well there's everything case and then there's everything.
It's like that song.
Everything is everything.
All of your oil reserves unrestricted access to all of your resources.
Everything is everything.
I don't know that song.
You don't like pop music.
Hmm.
And in our he tried to kill JD on the high five.
I didn't actually look into what happened with the Navy's 250th.
Excellence parade.
Thank you for calling it its accurate title.
So I know I heard that there might have been a cop car that was hit.
Maybe we can get into that in the second block.
But you know as our president delivers all of this tough talk.
And oh yeah we have headlines by the way.
Oh we had a headline this whole time.
Well he delivers all of that tough talk.
It seems that the to the surprise unfortunately of not many the Gaza ceasefire seems to be on slightly shaky legs.
Well everybody's legs shake every once in a while doesn't mean that you don't stand in line for six hours to wait for whatever.
What kind of analogy is it.
I don't know.
That's kind of stopped halfway through.
Anyway yeah they got the ceasefires.
It's a it's experiencing growing pains.
Okay we'll call it that.
I'm not calling it that while I'm trying to call it that it's just growing pains.
But it's but the key word there is growth.
The ceasefire is doing a growth.
The ceasefire was broken because an Israeli bulldozer exploded in ordinance that is a more accurate summation probably than what I'm going to give live in sleazy basically over the weekend.
Well that's real.
A side effect thanks so much for the 14 months.
And thank you as well.
And I promise to keep melting that brain of yours.
Keep it for another 12 months and we'll have you not believing in anything.
That is not what we're going for here Rick.
But it's what I'm doing.
At least I have a clear mission statement case.
Well anyway.
Yes over the weekend despite.
Oh God.
Good luck getting to any news now you fool.
You know Rick I'm replacing you.
Actually no I'm not.
I was going to say I'm replacing you with a hype train but.
Forgot the hype train is his own proprietary screen now.
So I can't even do that can I.
That's right.
I got my own thing now.
I'm on my own thing now.
Yes.
I'm here to the news.
We talk about the ceasefire in Gaza.
No no we're not going to do that.
We'll just everybody take it easy we'll get back to the news eventually.
When.
You don't stand a chance against this news case.
I swear to God we're going to report the news sort of.
And by that I mean read things we've seen online.
Nope.
Not a chance.
I'm getting what Rick wants.
Which is craziness all over the screen.
That's what I want to.
We're all in agreement.
The main thing that we want is for me to wrap.
About.
What do you want to wrap about.
The Care Bear cousins.
Why would you violate the ceasefire.
This is great.
We're doing coverage right now.
You are not allowed to do coverage of the Gaza ceasefire hype train.
I can get hyped about.
What is it.
I don't even know what a ceasefire is.
It's got the word fire in it.
That sounds like I'm allowed to be very hyped about it.
Technically yes we would all be hyped if there was an actual ceasefire.
But it's not appropriate to talk about it as a train hype train.
Oh I'm being silenced.
But the answer to the question was.
General Sling.
That can't be the answer to every question.
But yet it is.
I really like this for the record.
I think that you should do more coverage like this case.
This is all the coverage always.
I just not paying attention.
Why do you want to wrap about the Care Bear cousins.
Don't question my motives.
My motives are pure.
Find me a Care Bear cousins trap.
Maybe you could find a Care Bear trap.
But why would there be a specific trap.
For the Care Bear cousins.
Listen up Jack.
Skimmer Jess.
Jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I have been dying to say this.
Let the hype train do what they do.
Do you back at Crogers hype train.
Joe Biden is a huge fan of Crogers.
Hype train can you get to thinking people.
That's the one thing you're here to do.
Okay. I don't need your opinions on international events.
That's what you think.
What you secretly do.
I really feel you do.
Can you find that beat for me.
There's not a Care Bear cousins trap beat.
On YouTube at least.
This is fucked up.
There should be.
How could there not be.
There's just not the best we can get is a Care Bears Anthem remix.
But look the cousins are involved.
What the fuck.
I was like oh do I can I not play this.
Dance the Care Bears.
This is not a Care Bears trap remix.
At that oh no.
Ice cream.
A board a board a board.
Okay let's try this one.
What is the Care Bears.
Your worst request yet.
Hype train.
It's got too many lyrics.
You can't rap over that.
Don't stop me from doing my thing case.
That seemed good enough to me.
And yet you can't handle it.
You know I'll give you this.
The baby times NLE chop a type beat called broccoli.
That also came up.
So deal with that.
See isn't this what you want.
This is not Care Bears at all.
But it kind of gets all counted.
It's got the Care Bears spirit to it.
Hmm.
Sinking on a clown.
Like your cousin I've been puffing on that loud.
Tap the chest.
And rub it from the start.
Like the Care Bears.
On my heart.
What?
On my chest.
Oh no.
I'm dead.
He didn't really do the.
Thing he was gonna.
He didn't really do the thing he said he was gonna do.
I noticed that.
Yeah he didn't think a single sup.
He was building up to it.
He was getting there.
He took too long to find his Care Bear trap beat.
Why would he want a Care Bear trap beat?
You're saying it wrong.
Care Bear cousin trap beat is actually with the hype train requested.
I'm sorry.
As a reasonable man and a representative of the American system I apologize.
And I will be taking cases behavior up with the.
Um.
With our ambassador to hell.
We have a the American has an ambassador to hell.
Yeah it's actually also Steve Whitcoff.
He's got a double duty.
Why am I pissing on the hype train's dreams everyone's asking that case.
Everybody wants to know why you're so rude to the hype train every time.
Any thoughts?
Because he just always wants to wrap about piss and some random reference to like an 80s cartoon.
Sounds reasonable to me.
Okay well anyway.
Um.
Thank you to Side Effect for the 14 months to Tam Tran.
Thank you so much for the 34 months.
A microphone 900 34 months.
My God we are getting dangerously close to two years.
Three years here.
Apple Apple thank you for the 100 bits mighty odds.
Thank you for the 100 bits and the.
Lotion which the hype train really seemed to enjoy.
Skymer thank you for the 300 bits and letting us know about President Biden's
Crozier habits.
And um.
Rick did rap battles in high school.
That's true. I was an early adopter.
There weren't that many white guys doing rap battles in the 80s.
High school in the 80s.
I was a fast you know I graduated when I was 12.
From high school? Yeah I'm like a Ben Shapiro style genius.
That's not a compliment.
I don't think that you're complimenting yourself there.
What? He's like a little boy genius.
Just like me.
Why would you graduate from high school when you're 12?
Because I was that fast.
And then I was in the CIA by the time I was 16.
You're way older than me.
Yeah but I have access to the good stuff.
I have access to the best experimental face creams.
I don't even have to divulge my age.
Because I'm old as fuck.
I can guess I'll hold you over here in high school in the 80s.
Ah man.
Okay look. What were we even talking about?
We'll never know case. Give up.
You can't cover the news. I won't let you.
Rick I brought you here to help me cover the news.
And that was your first mistake.
We were talking about the ceasefire and it being violated.
Ah man. I thought you'd forget for sure.
I guess we were talking about that.
Can you just read courtesy of Dropsite News?
Not that this is a good transition.
But they have a summary of basically what happened
over the weekend in regard to the ceasefire.
So just read.
Use your mouth and read.
What? No I have to use my eyes and read.
You don't get it at all.
This is not a good picture.
One second. Case found the worst picture as ever.
Ever ever ever.
Okay.
Please open up.
There we go.
Now we've got a picture of civilian seeking relief.
Great. Okay. Whatever.
So the Israeli military on Monday said it killed several
Palestinians in two separate incidents in the Shuzhaya
neighborhood of Gaza City claiming they approached the
yellow line where Israeli troops have withdrawn under the
ceasefire agreement.
Israeli forces also fired artillery in areas east of
Der Elbala in central Gaza and explosions were heard
east of Kanyunas according to Al Jazeera.
The bodies of 57 Palestinians arrived at hospitals in
Gaza over the past 24 hours according to the Ministry of
Health including 45 killed in new Israeli attacks and 12
recovered from under the rubble.
At least 158 Palestinians were wounded.
The total recorded death toll since October 7th is now
68,000 with 170,000 injured rough estimates.
But probably as has been pointed out many times,
large undercount just because it's extremely difficult to
get the accurate death count at this point.
Okay, if you want to be all accurate about it I guess.
Since October 11th the first full day of the ceasefire
Israel has killed at least 80 Palestinians in Gaza and
wounded 303.
The health ministry published photos online showing some of
the 150 bodies of dead Palestinians headed over by
Israel as part of the deal.
Israel's defense minister Katz warned that any Palestinian
found beyond the yellow line where Israeli troops are
stationed would be targeted without warning.
Writing on X, I have instructed the IDF to convey a clear
message to the Hamas leaders in Gaza.
Through the American oversight mechanism,
every Hamas terrorist found beyond the yellow line in
the territory under Israelis, Israel's control must
evacuate immediately.
Anyone who remains in the area will be a target for
attack without further warning and Hamas leaders will
bear responsibility for any incident.
They warned them.
They just said any Hamas terrorists found in the area
will be targeted and then just shifted to anyone.
Yeah, that was, thank you for pointing out that
distinction.
They definitely meant to make a distinction there,
just like you said.
I think what I'm saying is they didn't,
they're just saying anyone, they're basically calling
as always anyone in Gaza, any Palestinian in Gaza
a terrorist?
They, you know, they're just, it's probably
X's translation feature, they wouldn't, they wouldn't
do that.
Everyone in Gaza is a terrorist?
See now you said it.
Well I was reading that from CyTrix.
Yeah, but you still said it.
Reading a thing isn't saying it, yes it is.
It is.
Israel carried out a wave of attacks in Gaza on Sunday
with strikes hitting a cafe in Tenzinier's
hospital, near hospitals in Al-Zawida, schools
and homes in the Nuzret and Bariji camps.
And just to go ahead a little bit, they're giving us
a pretty thorough rundown here at Dropsite of the,
basically, not to diminish things, but the,
the one Dropsite is doing here is pointing out
that there have just been, there's been
violation after violation of the ceasefire by
Israel.
They are continuing to kill dozens to hundreds
of Palestinians and imposing in severe draconian
measures for any violation.
And they also tried to say, I believe on Saturday
or Sunday that Gaza or Hamas, which they use
interchangeably, violated the ceasefire by
exploding an ordinance that killed Palestinian
civilians.
It turns out that they just rolled a bulldozer
over one of their own unexploded missiles
and it, and it blew it up.
So they literally blew themselves up with
their own unexploded munition and then tried to
blame Hamas for it and essentially say,
the ceasefire is over.
Let's get back to it.
So they seem to be trying to find any excuse
to fire this thing back up while violating
the ceasefire regularly, both in Gaza and
Libya, which they've been doing for basically
a year now.
But specifically in Gaza, they're violating it
constantly and really just stretching the
credulity of the whole thing and they are
looking for any excuse to just resume the
full-scale genocidal slaughter.
So it seems to be on very shaky ground.
The Trump administration seemingly still wants
the ceasefire that they're taking credit for
at least to hold.
So in this case, despite them trying to use
an explosion that they caused to restart
what they're at least calling a war,
it sounds like, I guess, Trump was like,
no.
You guess?
I mean, the reporting around it is a little
murky to be fair.
I don't really want to give Trump credit
for being like, nope, you're not allowed
to do the full thing.
When, again, there's constant violations
every day of the ceasefire and they
continue to bomb civilians or machine
gun civilians.
But anyway, it's worrisome.
I don't know what our worry does for the
situation, but just as a way of an update,
unfortunately, and this probably won't
surprise most of you, it seems like the
ceasefire is barely holding.
And it also seems like Israel's going to
keep trying to basically go back on it.
And as soon as they can do it without,
if the Trump administration just loses
interest, I just don't know what would
restrain them at that point because
they seem pretty committed to continuing.
Does reaffirming the ceasefire...
Wait, does reaffirming the ceasefire
consider stopping a ninth war for Trump?
Wait, are you trying to say, like,
what's the scoreboard for Trump?
Were there any consequences or penalties
included in the ceasefire agreement?
I mean, consequences imposed by who?
Any consequences are probably only
going to be imposed in one direction,
basically on Gaza.
I don't know who would be imposing
consequences on Israel other than the
United States or other Arab countries
in the area.
And it's not like we want to see, like,
another war with Iran, so...
At this point, it feels like the only
thing keeping the ceasefire held is,
like, the attention of Trump wanting
to seem like a peacemaker.
And his attention span is not
notoriously particularly strong.
So...
It's a...
It feels bleak to me.
It's a bad...
It's a bad situation, not that you need me to tell you.
Finds embargoes anything?
Life in Sleazy could impose consequences on Israel?
What? You got some back channels
you're not telling me about Life in Sleazy?
I'm not even going to interrogate what that means.
I'll just say, oh.
You're not allowed to say that.
I'm not allowed to say, oh.
I don't like the way you said, oh.
Well, what are you going to do, Rick?
Just...
Oh, who knows?
Something.
If I... If I believed you had any power,
Rick, I'd be a concerned...
I do!
I'm a big deal.
I'm just doing this as a hobby.
Israel famous for following international laws?
Yes.
Bonsai pull frog? I...
Again, I don't know what...
I don't know what's going to keep them on track here.
There also was a pretty harrowing incident
where an American journalist
that was embedded with various Palestinian
farmers in...
not in Gaza, in the...
God, why am I forgetting the name?
In the other part of the Palestinian...
part of this world by the Palestinian Authority?
Uh...
What are you trying to say?
Look, there was a...
there was also a journalist embedded with...
Yes, the West Bank, God.
I could...
I was like, West Side?
That doesn't sound right.
You're so dumb.
Yeah.
Yes.
Occasionally you get to be right, Rick.
Anyway, he was embedded with Palestinians in the West Bank.
He basically got...
him and all of the farmers in the West Bank
that he was embedded with got assaulted by,
like, settler terrorists, essentially,
for lack of a better term.
Um...
And they seem to be completely,
uh, aided and embedded by the IDF.
There's some pretty harrowing videos of it,
but...
Um, in the interest of not...
you know...
just staying on this the whole time with my
very weird way of covering it will move on,
but if you're interested, um...
the West Bank also seems to be...
as it has been, um,
in a lot of risk as well.
So, you know...
Troubling...
For you, I'm on a different wavelength,
where I'm just like, let's do our best.
Rick, assuming that you actually have influence
in the government, would it be nice if you took a little bit more of a,
you know, steak in this?
Oh, we're staked up, baby.
We're eating staked dinner, you know?
We're staked, don't worry. Just not the way you like.
Uh, you're a citizen of two of these countries talked about...
Oh, you're a citizen? I didn't know that, Lyman Sleazy.
Or a dual citizen?
We learn new and fascinating things about Lyman Sleazy every stream.
Case on his way to China,
if things go south here, I don't think...
I just don't think there's...
I'm not as... they're not a big fan of cases, I am of them.
See, and now you've got a parasocial relationship
with the country of China case.
I'll admit it. I'm a little parasocial when it comes to China.
You know, they don't care about my life,
but I care so much about theirs.
You're triples... I don't even know...
How many citizens... how many... how many citizenship can you have?
Depends how much of a baller you are.
If you're alive in Sleazy level.
Sky's limit. For you, case,
barely one.
Damn it.
Okay, well, we're gonna do some other segments today,
so we'll move on for now.
A couple comments first.
A 62-year-old woman was arrested in Alaska for wearing
an inflatable penis costume.
Well, we are gonna do one more segment where we cover the news that chat shared,
so hopefully that's in there.
Oh, and it doubled up nice.
The USA recognizes two...
USA and one more... ah, so you can only do dual.
Unless you're Jason Bourne, which liven Sleazy might be,
and I'll never tell.
That is in there? Perfect.
Then we'll get to it.
For now, let's get to whatever other segments we have.
In fact, let's do a movie just before we get to the other ones,
as we have not watched some trailers in a while.
It's time for Trent at the movies.
I'm just adjusting his beanie so the fit's totally right.
I got a monitor up there, so I really like to check it out.
Yeah.
Yeah, that looks good.
Damn.
I'm gonna like the way I look. I guarantee it.
You look the same every stream.
Whoa, look at this.
It says, when do you wear purple?
I just am feeling purple today.
Can I get a different fucking colored coat?
I thought I had to wear blue.
I don't know.
Look, there's available colors of coats.
I went with this one.
Dude, what?
A lot of technicolor dream coat, like my boy Joseph.
Oh, you are aware of stuff from the Bible?
No, my friend Joseph has like a crazy fucking coat.
He's got a bunch of like wolves that are different colors,
and one of them is fucking smoking a spliff.
It's called Spliff Wolf.
The brand is called Spliff Wolf.
Can I get a coat like that?
Who is your friend Joseph?
Dude, my boy Joe.
His name is Joe Sif, S-I-P-H.
Sometimes we call him Sif Lord.
He's always sipping on some Cisurp,
which is a little dated, but he's always spliffing on some Spliff Wolf.
Okay, well look, that's a lot about your social life,
so maybe we just check out some trailers.
I was going to, dude.
You don't have to remind me of my job.
I feel like I literally do.
Also, it's not your job. It's community service.
Let's not get into that right now.
Okay, I don't need you constantly doxing my criminal record.
You do it yourself.
You tell me crimes all the time, and I'm your parole officer.
Well, who else am I supposed to tell them to?
Chris, isn't it your job to hear about my crimes?
You're like my crime therapist.
No, I am not.
It's young blood.
I'm meant to make sure that you're not violating your parole.
Well, it's already your community service in this case.
Whatever, dude.
God, it's so fucking boring.
Let's watch a trailer.
You're like keeping me from doing my job,
and it's crazy.
Okay, a lot of trailers,
because like I've been busy,
so I have not been able to do this.
No one's requested the segment.
I've been really busy.
Sipan in British cinemas.
It's only in British cinemas.
Guys, this is a UK only trailer.
We are not allowed to watch this in the United States.
It's what I've decided.
It's called Sipan. Let's see what's up.
Going again.
Sipan.
Sipan.
This is Sipan,
where Irish preparations for the World Cup are in full swing.
We're sending them to the place that launched the nuclear bomb.
What a somnolist.
Maybe I'll bring you all close together.
The war starts now, yeah?
It's the crew game.
Come on!
How are you going to manage Roy Keane?
I'm a winner, just like Roy.
Not again has changed.
No, we need to be prepared.
We're going out there to work, aren't we?
And to acclimatise.
There's been a bit of an issue.
I've been promised some things that haven't been delivered.
We don't have footballs.
We can manage without that stuff.
Footballs?
It'd be better if we had footballs.
I want us to be winners.
Can't all be Roy Keane.
Do you think the Portuguese are eating cheese sandwiches?
I'm trying my best, Roy.
Anything you want to get off your chest?
Captain Keane's pick up what Lance will win.
That's a good one.
You call us a little setup, you got going on here man management.
That's all sorted for tomorrow, boss.
What is?
The banana boat.
What doesn't destroy you makes you stronger.
Are you still in charge?
This has been shambles after shambles.
They were done.
No, we're not done.
You'll ever tell me when we're done.
I'm just getting stabbed.
You can walk away a hero.
I don't know, hero's here.
Didn't they just make a movie that was like that but it was football?
Oh, you mean the one that was produced by the get out guy?
Can I answer your question?
I don't think they're probably pretty different totally.
I just mean they're both like about like fucked up football.
So it's a year for fucked up football movies when trying to get at Jordan and Peter.
Yeah.
Sorry, I'm getting texts.
What are you?
I have a job, I get texts.
You're not allowed to look at your phone while we're doing it.
Appealed in direct just produced him.
Oh yeah, it was called Hems.
It was the story of a man becoming even more of a man.
Hems directed by Jordan Peel.
I don't think that's right.
I think it's the opposite of what Chad's saying.
Maybe I'm not remembering that correctly.
No, actually that does sound right now that you say it.
I think it was called Hems and it was directed by Jordan Peel
and it was about men becoming men.
Even more than man actually through the supplemental power of Hems.
Mm-hmm.
But look, I don't care enough to really dispute what you're saying.
So let's just keep it moving.
Keep that across the pond.
It's been banned.
Don't even worry about it.
British release date only.
Movie called Primate?
The family plan to?
Plan B.
Hmm, what should we pick?
Another Running Man Trailer?
We've seen a lot of Running Man Trailers.
I feel like there's been Running Man Trailers for like two years now.
Hems, isn't that a documentary about hair loss and masculine regain?
Yes.
Yeah, the Hems documentary.
And they've been advertising that for like a year or two.
Directly in my like social media feed.
You shouldn't be getting Hems ads, young blood.
You're too young.
You claim.
If you're getting Hems ads,
I would suggest the algorithm thinks you're a lot older than a teenager.
Teenagers get Hems ads too.
What if you're experiencing young teenage baldness?
I think unless you have a serious medical condition, that shouldn't be a thing.
Well, then you're being dismissive of serious medical conditions for us teens.
Are you going bald?
Is that why you wear a beanie?
Is that why you wear a fedora?
Actually, I still have a lot of hair.
Surprisingly, I just like to keep it contained
via my fedora.
Cartoon says your broken society is failing the good news will make you happier, hairier, and harder.
It's a good pitch.
I can see why they're successful.
Anyway, let's check out this trailer for Fruithead.
Richard.
It's time we talked.
What are you doing in my house?
Who are you?
You don't remember me?
Funny.
Because I think of you quite often.
What?
Come on now, Richard.
How do you know my name?
Interesting.
Would you say it's driving you, Rudy?
Radical.
With a taste.
It'll drive you through.
This isn't working.
None of this is working.
It doesn't feel real.
Wait, this is nine minutes long?
We're done here for today.
Oh, this is like the full, this is like a short film.
Feel absolutely real.
Yeah, I guess we'll just watch the whole thing.
I'm going to take a call while this is playing though,
but you guys don't get to hear it.
Go shit up.
Go shit up.
Go shit up.
Go shit up.
Go shit up.
Not the line.
What are you doing to me?
Oh, come on.
Come on, buddy.
Richard.
I had the art department try the same effect using an emerging technology called CGI.
Oh, that's even better.
Let's use that.
Okay, people, that is a wrap.
Dude, this trailer is so long.
To you, Richard, one that you discarded after our shoot and forgot.
But I didn't forget.
You see, I couldn't.
Mother of God.
I was reminded every day by strangers pointing and laughing.
Looks good.
By the tailor who had to adjust my necklines because the shirts I liked wouldn't fit over
my deformed strawberry head.
I didn't understand.
Well, I guess things aren't quite so radical anymore.
Are they, Richard?
Oh, he's going to become a fruit head, isn't he?
Why does he look like Martin Scorsese?
Good question.
What are they trying to say?
No.
No, no, no, no.
Jacob, Jacob, I was young and stupid.
I know I can't undo all the damage I've caused, but you need to know.
I would give out everything I have if I could go back and stop my shoot.
You forgot about me.
No, Jacob, you're wrong.
I see you every time I close my eyes.
Every time I smell a fruit cobbler.
Jacob.
That's heavy.
He looks fresh.
Oh, shit.
I still drive you totally fruity.
I think that was still a Gushers commercial, though.
He was good, but it was like a good Gushers commercial.
I'm pretty sure that was still a commercial.
Are Gushers even still for sale?
I'm assuming.
That trailer was so fucking long, dude.
Are you allowed to do that?
No, that was a short film.
What's the difference?
Well, one is a preview and one's the whole thing.
They sound the same to me.
It was okay.
If it was like two minutes long, that would have been a better trailer.
But I guess for a nine minute trailer, it was pretty good.
Hmm.
That's fucked up that they used to do that to kids.
They used to make them like, they turn them into yogurt,
and they turn them, at Capri Sun, they turn you into T2 Terminator.
They used to not care about kids in movies.
They turn you into all sorts of stuff.
Just like how books used to turn kids into anamorphes.
It's just too much there for me to break down why your brain works the way it does,
so I'll just say, interesting.
This time Trent was right about the trailer, really was the whole movie.
Dude, I'm always right.
I knew people were coming around in my side on this.
The Strawberry Mask was good.
Did they explain what happened to the other fruit kids?
Because I kind of wanted to see, you know, banana girl or like lime girl or whatever
whatever the other fruit kids were.
Art. Okay, they made the artistic choice to only have one of them kids.
Okay, well, that's only two trailers.
No, that counts as six trailers due to the length.
Cases dating banana girl?
What does that mean?
I guess Kendall's banana girl now.
All right.
They didn't eat the magic gusher.
Oh yeah, you're right.
Only the one kid did.
I wanted to see more fruit kids is all I'm saying.
They should have all eaten the magic gusher.
I'm just giving notes at this point.
I don't think they need your notes.
I was giving a couple notes, Chris.
I would have had more fruit kids.
That's just me.
That's what reviews are all about is your opinion.
Well, that's going to be all the time we have.
I'm going to red light from case because I went way over watching a full film today.
Like I usually watch three today.
I'll have time to watch two.
So let's send it back to whatever's next.
Because case might have to end the stream early apparently because he's being a whiny baby.
So whatever else is coming up is coming up.
And you probably know what it is actually because you do know what it is.
We'll see you later.
Hello everybody.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for being here.
Yes, very excited.
It's another big day here in the town hall town hall Mondays.
Let's get right into it.
You can send us a message with exclamation point th.
And we will get right to it.
Of course you can read them.
You can get in line to say your message basically with exclamation point th.
As you know, you're all live here in the studio and ready to tell us your thoughts.
Yeah.
Yeah, you there and you there.
Okay.
Let me just make sure both of our guests are ready.
Yes, they are.
I think I'm hoping they are.
Okay, there we go.
Looks like they're both ready now.
Always more setup than you'd expect here at the town hall.
Joining us all the way from a sock drawer.
It's hate sock.
You wish you wish you fucking wish I do in fact wish I wish the hate sock said other things to me, but he does not.
Dumbass.
Also joining us.
It's little Tommy big law.
Yeah, well,
about
big time
what go talk to
incredible intro to yourself.
Little Tommy big law.
Of course my lawyer, I am having to pay his retainer for him to be here and it is extremely expensive.
That's why I charge a ton.
Yeah.
Look at that.
They have how much money I charge case.
Are you being billed immediately for this?
Thousands of dollars.
Yeah.
We love to spend money.
Great.
All right, looks like we got some questions loaded up so let's get into it.
Yes, you there.
Let's hit us with that first question.
How does best fuel the hot train?
Does he have a fusion fuel tank like and back to the future?
Um,
Hmm.
Well, if you think about it actually, you wish dumbass.
I will think of trains.
Um,
the trains are powered by friendship.
So that when the trains are good pals, they travel the tracks together.
I see your question.
Thank you very much.
That's beautiful little Tommy big law.
So I don't think they answered your question, but there's not that much time.
Let's keep it moving.
Thank you for your question though.
Yes, you there.
Don't be shy.
Step right up.
Oh, okay.
That's tip for Dino Nugs.
Dino Nugs, um, probably bullshit dumbass.
Try that.
Dip in that bullshit dumbass.
You could just be a little less rude to all of our guests.
Dumbass you wish.
Well, Tommy big law best death for Noggy says ketchup.
The people tried to make it more complicated, but that's a mistake.
Just a ketchup.
It's good with everything.
Just put on everything.
I'm tired of this.
Put on everything.
They love it.
You guys didn't know you love it.
Yes.
I'm tired of this.
Just a ketchup.
Come on.
Okay.
You're blowing my mind that people like that that much.
Well, Tommy, but they really do seem to.
Of course they do.
Next question, please.
Yes, you there.
You got you got it here.
You there.
No, for a wing.
You wish.
Yes.
But what?
But not spicy.
What?
Not spicy.
Too spicy.
Make them teriyaki buffalo wings.
It's spicy.
It's helpful for my mouth.
Well, you are pretty young.
So you're maybe you're not your pal.
It's not ready to spicy foods yet.
Stop it.
Stop making them spicy.
Catch up, please.
You catch up.
Catch up wings.
You wish.
You hype train.
It's hate sock.
That's not helpful.
You wish.
Dumbass.
Catch up wings.
I'm pretty gross.
Little timey big love.
But that's not taking comments.
Next question, please.
Keep it moving.
It seems hate sock hates everything but Kendall.
Is Kendall here?
No.
What you wish dumbass idea.
It'd be nice if she was here.
You see?
No.
Dumbass.
So you do hate everything but Kendall you wish.
Could you answer the audience member?
Will you be nicer to them?
Well, the thing is dumbass.
You wish.
I won't really think that his name is hate sock.
Which is a mean type of sock.
I don't really get why you like this.
Let me think about that.
Dumbass.
That's a really bad thing to say.
And honestly, that's slanderous.
What?
You are miming my character.
And I won't stand for it.
And you will be receiving a cease and desist for saying these things on your phone or TV.
What?
You catch everything and you can't put things on matchable TV.
And you'll be getting a window for my world as well.
Wait, you are the lawyer.
You wish.
Okay, I'll agree with him this time.
Thank you for your question.
Yes, you there.
Yes.
Oh man, are you one of those shy ones?
We might have another shy one, folks.
But maybe if we pray, we can get them to say something.
Come on.
Come on, you.
Just say a word, please.
Give it a shot.
You can do it.
Be brave.
Something just so sad about this little guy just not saying anything.
Come on, come on, come on.
Oh my God.
Okay.
Just gonna real quick, really quick, try to get this fucking guy to say something.
Okay, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Okay, okay, let's try this again.
Please.
Please.
Can we get another Top Gun sequel?
Or are they fly those Trump jets that drop feces instead of bombs?
Wow, he finally got there.
No, you wish.
You wish, no, you wish.
Oh, he said no, you wish.
Yes, we can.
But how will we like the one where the guy with the jet?
He's got a motorcycle and he's got a jet.
That's crazy.
You got a buffle thing, he said, Joe?
Are you a motorcycle?
You were saying jet correctly a little time.
You just really try to sound it out.
Joe, maybe don't.
You just stop saying jet.
Joe.
I'm just worried it's gonna go in a direction I don't want it to.
I will like how he has a job of a motorcycle.
I don't we'll say I'm flying a long because I will show you.
You can't sue someone for jet.
I'm your lawyer, sir.
Can you speak about yourself just way and call.
Thank you for your question.
Do we have any more?
Oh, this guy again.
You risk.
You risk?
You just say you risk.
You wish.
Could you just say that one more time, buddy?
You wish.
He's got two voices.
You wish.
Actually, you wish.
So take that.
You wish?
Wow, he's got voices.
You wish, actually.
Sir, you wish.
Wow, he called you sir.
He's respecting you.
Yeah, you risk.
I was always happening, but I believe in the power of wishes.
And then we will wish to go.
We can be one wish.
We're talking about 2028.
I'll put this message.
I don't guys don't applaud that.
He shouldn't be a politician.
He's a tiny child.
It will be deeply dangerous for our already in battle country
if we elect a tiny baby to be president.
Stop applauding it, guys.
I will officially fall in my head into a wing.
And I will really just make you to go with the wishes of our world.
Thank you very much.
Next question, please.
Will you all dress as Hamtaro this year to celebrate his resurrection
and rise to Godhood?
I can't even wait to get in the camera shot.
Dumbass.
And you wish.
Yeah, I'll do it.
I like to dress as a world hamster.
And I believe we're with him.
What?
I believe we're with him.
I believe it's a power of guab.
And you are a hamtaro.
Devote, hamtaroist.
Yup.
Man, the religion keeps spreading.
Well, I guess that answers your question.
Thank you.
How and why did former ECW wrestler John Cronus fake his death?
The thing is he fell into a dumbass.
And you wish.
Why would that get applause?
That's the dumbest answer he's given yet.
Guys, come on.
I've nothing for the ad.
I hope he said it all.
Well, we agree.
I mean, we've been at each other's fault,
but I can't help but agree with him here.
Okay, next question, I guess.
When are we getting your moms at horror
and other honest criticism hosted by hate sock?
You're looking at me?
I don't want you to have your own segment.
Dumbass.
It would literally be you saying two things.
You wish.
That's, I don't want to do that to anyone who's watching this.
It sounds painful.
You wish.
I would like to see it as well.
But Casey, we will we will we up when in a boat?
You know the word obstinate?
I know one of your words.
Wig words.
I know one of your words.
You being will we may with me.
Dumbass.
Are you saying it to me or dumbass?
Okay, well, thank you for your question.
Maybe. I don't know.
Maybe.
G-O-O-G-O-G-A-H-G-A-H.
I have your B-A-B-A.
Great question.
You like that one?
You do. I think you do.
Maybe you need a little kiss on your dumbass.
Are you into this bear?
You wish.
I will we will we do like that.
And when you get one, you jump down your mothin'
you can do about what you did.
We will we hope that it stops working.
Thank you for your question.
I don't know what the question was or if they answered it,
but we got to keep this moving.
It's National Chicken and Waffles Day.
You got to get some chicken and waffles for din din.
Yeah, what?
Will we?
You wish.
Okay.
Yeah, and I get the appeal of that.
Maybe I can get some too.
Oh my God, yes. You there?
All babies are dumbass.
You wish.
Dumbass.
Dumbass, you wish.
What is this one?
Don't panic, little Tommy.
Just don't look at it.
I can't help but look at it.
We will we...
It's fine. Just again, it's just a question.
I don't we we I am whatever you say I am.
Just please.
Get left. Good.
Oh God.
Giggity boo.
Giggity boo.
Blah, blah, blah.
That was beautiful. Thank you for ending this segment on a high note.
I really like this song as well. Great work.
Yeah, without plotting, sigh, won't we?
Because that's so impressed.
They started talking.
Did you have one other question?
Because if you did, then we will get to it.
Oh, she didn't. She didn't have anything else.
That's actually it. Okay, sorry.
I saw an opinion that was kicked to the streets actually.
Oh, you guys really like that she didn't have a question?
Okay. Okay, I guess.
I guess you want to leave.
That's true. Okay.
I'll always have to hold time and you will be receiving
this. It was overtime for me.
You'll make me use our child waiver hours
and you'll make me work for six hours in child years.
Child years aren't an official way to build me for things.
It's your contract. Check it again. Bye-bye.
Fuck. Six hours?
I have to take out another loan.
Oh, really?
Hey, sock. You're not going to say anything.
Dumb it.
I guess that's all the time we have.
I do have to keep it moving today because we're
kind of need to end the stream.
I'm going to go to the next one.
We need to end the stream.
But thank you for all of your questions, everyone.
Yeah, you don't have to keep applauding. I don't have anything else for you.
But I mean, if you want to, I guess that's,
I guess that's fine. Okay, that's all the time we have.
Thanks so much.
Okay.
Guys, look.
Look.
You don't want to say hi?
Yeah, there we go.
Look, it's Kendall.
Who's that walking over here?
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in candle.
Got a vibe so wild, miss you's raised male.
This is Chris, seen by a slice of this party.
Kendall, how's your day?
I did a lot today. Nice.
You guys want to see what I did today?
She's out of here.
But she's coming back.
Oh my God.
Ah!
Wait, show it again.
It's so huge.
Put it right next to my head to show them the scope.
Oh, she ran away with it.
I can't show you for too long. It's like a secret.
I can't give away the secret.
It's a secret head.
Yeah, that's the rat stuff right there.
It's Chuck E. Cheese.
So, unfortunately, during this,
I got a message that I need to finish a deadline project
a little sooner than expected.
So, I am going to have to end the stream there.
It's a short one today.
Yeah, now? But maybe we can actually do a longer Wednesday stream to make up for it.
Or, I sit here for an hour
and we just play Minesweeper.
But I have to use this computer to edit.
No, you guys don't understand.
I sit here.
It doesn't work. And I Minesweeper.
Oh, so I just don't do the thing I'm supposed to do.
Correct.
I also don't stream. You just play Minesweeper for hours.
Correct.
That does sound kind of appealing, honestly, but
I think I'm supposed to do this thing.
Kendall, you haven't done your streaming so long.
And your computer technically more or less works now.
We don't know that because we haven't plugged everything in.
What do you mean?
Just the stuff that he said don't plug in yet.
Oh.
I took Kendall's computer to get fixed.
And it hasn't crashed since?
It crashed once, remember?
Well, it crashed once. It hasn't crashed every day since.
Yeah.
Every time she turns it on.
My computer crashes sometimes too.
I mean, computers do. So it crashes less, but a lot less.
I'm being semi-responsible.
I honestly would have done this earlier today if I knew it was so urgent.
But what can you do?
We'll get to all your news, though.
So keep throwing that news in there.
Maybe on Wednesday we'll just do the chat news so we don't start with our
confused breakdown of international events.
But I'll send you somebody else's way. Let's see who's on.
Unless Kendall wants to go stream Minesweeper for an hour.
No reaction, I think.
I don't have a camera.
I can give you a camera.
I can set you up.
You think I don't know how to plug in cameras?
It looks like Gina's on.
We haven't rated Gina.
Actually, we saw a gold.
I forgot to mention that we also ran into Golden Boy at the protest.
So let's rate Golden Boy.
Yeah, that was fun. That was good.
It's a Glendale protest raid.
So be sure to shout him out for his seditious antifa actions
that we were partaking in together.
Twerk my way out of here. Kendall, do you want to show off your...
They said case better.
Twerk is way out of here.
But I can't do it.
But you're being requested.
But I don't know how to twerk.
You're being requested.
I have to do a Beyblade thing soon also.
Not to change subjects.
But it looks like we hit our Beyblade gold today.
So maybe this Friday, assuming I have time to set it up.
Because I need to figure out how the betting mechanism works.
It's going to be a four-way Beyblade bet off.
He's stalling on the twerk.
Guys, I'm ending the stream.
I can't pay this off right now.
He's stalling. He's waiting for that ray cap that'll go all the way.
I wouldn't do that kind of thing.
He's doing it right now.
That doesn't sound like me.
Do it to the Kendall song?
What was that?
Sorry, I was in the wrong spot.
Okay, I will do this for you.
Oh good, Chet will do it.
Is this how you twerk?
Check this. What the hell?
Why am I disappearing?
They can't handle my ass on this stream.
Check this shit out.
Is this twerking? How do you twerk?
Pull back that way.
I'm trying to check from the side.
Am I twerking?
Pull back.
Yeah, like hump this chair.
But go more backwards.
Backwards.
Backwards thrust.
Yeah, a backwards thrust.
That's how you fucking do it, Kase.
You gotta redo the ray by this.
God damn it, we're not even raiding.
Did it work? I can't tell, guys.
Did we ray Golden Boy?
Did it work? Did that work?
It looks like it.
I can't tell if it worked.
The ray happened.
The ray happened.
Alright.
Support Kendall Boy.
Kendall Boy.
I combined Kendall and Golden Boy.
That's all the time we have, guys.
I gotta send you out of here. That's it.
I can't twerk anymore.
I barely was able to twerk at all.
Because of all my football injuries.
But we'll see you Wednesday. Have a great one. Bye-bye.
Kendall, any closing words?