I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
What's up, Ben-Heads? Let's news it.
Ben-10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's news it!
I'm Pepito!
Hello everyone.
Chat's off to a unique start today, okay.
Steve, Greg T.U., Propaganda, ThunderCaz, who might not be in chat for long if he keeps typing stuff like that.
Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo.
Good to see you all.
Hope you're having a lovely Monday.
Early stream, yeah.
Early stream, we're bringing a model out everybody.
It might be kind of a short stream actually.
I'm going out of town on Thursday.
So there are only two streams this week.
Sorry, and today I'm a little behind, so...
Maybe it was more like an hour and a half today.
No effort used unless you're AI Rooney.
Yes, more filters have been added to him.
Do they do anything?
It's hard to say.
No, I think you can say that one, Bolivar.
I think.
Fart?
Maybe we should ban fart from the chat?
Yeah, I know, I know.
We could have to ban AI Rooney from the chat.
We'll find out.
The Rogans?
Sometimes I forget a thing is even an option.
Should AI Rooney be put down?
You know, I could also see the gimmick eventually.
Us all getting tired of it.
Maybe.
Maybe we never do.
We have time for one more segment today.
We'll see what even appears.
A bundle of sticks or a...
We'll never get tired of AI Rooney.
Let's just say I do keep...
I've been trying to keep a new schedule,
and part of my schedule is writing a little bit more.
And we'll just say certain aspects of AI Rooney
actually require writing, we'll say.
Because you know, classic AI Rooney stuff is...
Classic Andy Rooney stuff is written.
So every day it's possible he gets roughly five updates
to his opinions, we'll say.
As a warm-up for the writing schedule.
However, will those opinions appear?
It's like, it's hard to say.
He's got all sorts of thoughts in there now.
A true cornucopia of Rooney thoughts.
Looks like Rooney will be making an appearance, I swear.
I think...
I think I just have to be careful what topics
he gets guided into.
Because certain things...
I don't know, who knows what parts of the internet
he's pulling his rudiness out of.
It's an AI Rooney stream now.
Yeah, we'll expand the limit of how many we can do to 40.
And then that'll take all stream, just for them to generate.
Anyway, thank you also for the couple of subs we got.
We got S1000 with 40 months of the Big 4.0.
We do love to see it.
And Giggle Trash, thank you for the gifted sub to Mr. Whoopi Boo Boo.
It's great.
It's great to be back.
Where'd you go?
Now, where is this? It's Monday.
I've been here.
You didn't leave?
I kind of just been sitting here.
Just going...
I just burrowing...
While you're gone, I go Psycho mode, I go Jokler mode.
I get nuts in here.
I make noises, I can do this.
I'm uninhibited.
You do way weirder stuff while I'm around.
You don't even know how nuts I get.
Do you eat while I'm gone?
Of course.
I've been eating this whole place.
I've been... I ate a whole camera, you didn't even notice.
Oh yeah.
Just don't eat the one, the main one that we use.
Or this second wide one.
Or this slightly less wide one. Obviously there's all different cameras.
Yeah, that's three different cameras.
Roll for it, Pod. Good to see ya.
It gets pretty freaking wild.
Yeah, this is a pretty nuts stream.
In case you're wondering, it's really crazy stuff happening.
We get very wild and it's totally uncensored and wild here.
Yes.
All of us are describing how this stream is.
But Pito can count, I thought he did that he didn't know numbers.
I know one number.
A bunch of... a bunch.
I know the number a bunch.
That's more of a phrase.
Uh...
Okay, well, whatever.
Let's just get into the news.
There's no good transitions on this stream.
It's news time.
It's still over, Simon.
Don't let them take it from you.
Get excited again.
Yay, everybody loves it when Rick arrives.
I never... we don't get more booze for anyone.
Other than maybe the Donald Trump filter that we're forbidden from using.
Oh, you got a filter? What are you talking about?
Sorry, I mean the real Donald Trump that we talk to occasionally.
You're the second most hated thing that I can hit a button and make appear.
I am not on a... I'm not a button.
I'm not just some button.
Bring back the Trump filter.
Yeah, what are you... what are you even afraid of?
What are you so scared of?
You being a coward?
No.
What is up with...
Rick, your voice isn't working properly.
What's even wrong with your voice, Rick?
Seems good to me.
Ray Silva says, fuck you, Rick.
Well, I... how about this?
I meet your cruelty with kindness.
I think you look great today.
Yeah, that's right. I can see you.
No, you can't.
What if I had secret technology put in my eyes?
I can see all the viewers.
I don't believe you.
You won't believe me till it's too late.
I'm looking at all the things you're doing in there.
Yeah, I see.
Green wall behind you?
That's unlikely color.
Yeah, but for the person who has one now, they're like, really?
Or they just know that you guessed.
You don't want to see what I'm doing right now?
Old Dookie Thomas.
What could Old Dookie Thomas be up to right now?
Only I know.
The power of NSA CIA, FBI technology.
Which one do you even work for?
Maybe I work for them all.
Rick can see cases, wallpaper.
My wallpaper's not even green.
Can you guys hear that?
Can you hear the buzzing happening?
Is someone trimming our hedges outside of the studio?
Is that even a thing they can do?
Yeah, of course we got hedges out there.
What kind of news station would it be if we didn't have someone trimming our hedges?
Someone's buzzing.
Yeah, maybe it is my spy machine.
Maybe it's the drones I have positioned outside of everyone's house and this studio.
The laundry's always a little out, but the laundry's done right now.
I guess there's somebody...
Jesus Christ, I guess there's some maintenance going on.
Yeah, of course I do my laundry in the studio.
Beautifully landscaped.
It's a beautiful land.
This country, this nation, this world.
And with that in mind, let's talk about the late and breaking world news.
I don't need to say stuff like that, Rick.
But I did and it was good.
What I just said was good.
What is that doing?
I can't do anything about the trimming of the hedges, Rick. Focus.
Uh, Trump has launched a bid to open the Strait of Hormuz as Iran has struck ships and the UAE port.
Or a UAE port.
That's probably more than one.
It is kind of a literal buzz-buzz out there right now.
Uh, yes.
Something is right outside my window.
What a time!
What if I turn this way down?
What if I just get really close to the mic, everyone?
Maybe we have to do it like this.
Can you guys still hear me?
Is someone playing Power Wash Simulator out there?
How quiet are we now?
Yeah, we'll just have to whisper the news in.
Get real close to the mic.
What if the mic's just right up here every time I stream?
I'll sound better?
And you won't hear as many noises.
This definitely sounds like someone farting.
Bring in Rocket.
Rawr, maybe we just use Rocket as a correspondent when there's loud ass work going on outside of the bin news studio.
Oh yeah, that's where we are.
Okay, whatever, we'll use this over the best.
Um, anyway, to summarize, world events, which I'm v- which we're very good at here.
Trump has launched an operation freedom- he's launched operation freedom in a bid to open the straight.
The US-Iran issue conflicting reports on what is happening with the shipping lane though,
and the UAE oil port is ablaze.
A UAE oil port is ablaze after strikes by Iran as
fires as someone has fired on a South Korean ship and reported that it was hit.
Who fired on it?
It's bad guy, not us, bad guys.
US President Donald Trump launched a new operation on Monday seeking to open the straight of her moves to shipping,
promoting Iran to lash out in an effort to keep control of the critical energy shipping route.
A handful of commercial vessels were reported to have been hit,
and a UAE oil port was ablaze after an Iranian strike as Trump's attempts to see the US Navy
to free up shipping provoked the war's biggest escalation,
since a ceasefire was declared a few weeks ago, four I guess.
Russia said it destroyed six small Iranian boats.
Oh, it must have been their last- it must have been their last six boats.
Now they're done, we got the last six.
Yeah, that's gotta be basically it.
I'm recent- I'm desensitized to this shite?
Look, I've- obviously I feel everything that happens to this great- to the world,
and even though I'm a political actor, you know, it never gets any easier.
Why'd you zoom there?
Someone else did it for effect.
It never gets any easier.
That's not helping your point.
You don't understand media, you're not media trained.
That is actually true.
Maybe we should do that on this stream one of these days.
I should receive media training.
I can finally appropriately act around the camera.
Uh, Fuddle Up says gas prices went up 35 cents in my neighborhood this morning.
It's fantastic!
Everyone loves to see- how much would you pay for a run- not to have a nuke?
How much would I personally pay?
Yeah, what are you putting up, Case?
Zero!
Oh, that is so deeply unpatriotic.
How much would you pay?
All of your money!
I would pay everyone else's money for them to not have a nuke.
What about your money?
I don't deal with my- look, you don't put your own money in on this kind of thing.
The question is innately how much of your money and I'm willing to sacrifice it all.
That's very brave of you.
Yeah.
Anyway, as far as I understand, Trump basically said this morning that we're going to guide
ships through the Strait of Hormuz.
I'm assuming leading people to believe that we were going to use American Navy vessels
to escort ships through the Strait.
Then they came out and said, no, that's not the case.
We're going to tell them which way to go through the Strait,
but they just didn't get the right angles to hit with those boats.
Now that they have our actual- our literal guidance, not ships.
Just us telling them, sell that way.
Now they're safe.
Anyway, the markets briefly recovered as usual before markets opened.
Trump dropped some statement being like, we're guiding ships.
And then when details came out that what that meant was,
I guess a map or something?
No, like radio.
Like, hey, go this way.
Anyway, they went right back, well, I guess up in the case of oil.
The prices of oil went skyrocketing back upward.
And I suspect they'll continue to do that.
Oh my God.
This hedge trimmers killing me, guys.
How watered down would OleFans earnings get if all the U.S. has to join the site to have extra cash?
Oh, if everyone's in there.
I did a sketch way back in the day over COVID about an explosion of camboys.
Everybody started camming and driving out all the old camboys.
Because everybody's jerking off online now.
And we couldn't- and it doesn't have to be a sketch.
We can get there if we're all desperate enough.
I'm already on camera.
It's such an easy shift to turn on this camera and start actually camming.
Don't threaten us with a good time case.
It's really a threat coming from me.
That's just the UBI with extra steps and it's already proven to work.
Trickle up works better than trickle down.
Well, it depends what's trickling.
It's hard to make it trickle out explosively.
What?
Oh, we're not talking about jerking off anymore.
How much is JustinJews' power is charging?
He's in it for the love of the game.
So I'm not sure.
Maybe he's just camming because he believes.
He believes in the orgies.
Bin jerk off orgie.
That is one segment that I promise we are not doing.
I take a lot of crowdsourced ideas,
but we are not starting the bin jerk off orgie segment here.
The money's already in circulation.
We just need to rest it away from the literal dragons
and give it to people who will actually spend it.
Man, I wish they were literal dragons.
If we had dragon lords instead of whatever,
you know, Elon Musk's and the open AI guy are.
We had that instead of Jeff Bezos.
Just an actual dragon hoarding wealth.
I could at least, at least that'd be kind of exciting, right?
Nah, you don't want to deal with actual dragons.
They're way worse than Jeff Bezos.
At least they're cooler looking.
Not if they're shitty dragons that suck.
Those could be a thing.
Really annoying.
Dragons wearing like Ed Hardy shirts and stuff.
Come on, you know it's possible.
The Grand Man 1000.
I just, look, maybe our elites can at least start doing extreme body mods
and become actual dragons.
Then I can at least feel dominated by something mythical instead of Sam Altman.
A tap out dragon t-shirt.
I would love to see a dragon that just dresses like Jeff Bezos
when he's on vacation.
Just the tightest black button up you've ever seen.
His HGH dragon pecs just bursting out.
Yeah, the no fear backward cap.
Maybe billionaire should start just dressing like 90s, like bad kids.
I'm just putting out ideas to try to improve the world.
You know, it's, we're wide open right now.
It's difficult to say what to do.
And your ideas, no fear t-shirts and hats.
Yeah, just try it out.
Time to adorn my dragon slayer.
Yeah, and then if you were like a revolutionary,
you could be a cool knight.
I'm just saying, fantasy had it right.
We need epic villains.
The general billionaires aren't epic enough for you guys.
Nah, they're sort of disappointing you,
but you know, they do do bad stuff at least.
So I guess, I guess I could be less beholden to the dramatic visuals.
Exactly, make villains great again.
Okay, anyway, the war continues to be a, what's the word?
Quagmire, not the family guy one.
Your words, not mine.
I think it's Quagmire.
I think it is Quagmire, the family guy one.
Not a bad Quagmire.
I think it's family guy Quagmire that we're in,
in the sense that we're fucking them all.
Ew, also Quagmire is kind of bad in family guy.
No, he's hilarious.
He has sex.
That's funny.
He really, he has, there's this one time he had sex.
God, I love that episode.
Gigity, maybe we can get Pete Hegseth to start saying gigity.
If I were Pete Hegseth, I would steer clear of the topic of sex.
Mr. Whoopie Boo-Boo, you could be talking about Pete Hegseth or Quagmire.
Actually, it turns out the only exercise I get on a daily, on the daily is the YMCA dance.
Are you doing that every day?
What?
Just that?
At your computer?
I mean that counts, that is exercise.
I say keep it up, Steve.
Anyway, I don't care what you have to say about world events, Rick.
Well, why would I care what you have to say?
It's a good question, that's why I'm saying we move on to chat news, okay?
There's no answers for us here.
The war continues to be a big problem.
And I don't think we're getting out of it anytime soon.
So let's just learn about, maybe there's another Smash Brothers game.
That's, yeah, okay.
Now we're on to something.
It feels so much better already, okay?
Smash Brothers, yeah, alright.
New Super Smash Brothers game is reportedly releasing as early as 2027, per KiwiTalks.
Are we supposed to trust KiwiTalks?
I'd be fair, I don't know who KiwiTalks is.
Sakurai is rumored to be working on the game since finishing Kirby Air Raiders.
Finally, yeah, a bit of good news, although I really don't know who KiwiTalks is.
And it's spelled with a Z.
But then again, I was essentially fired by Wario64 on Twitter, so I really shouldn't believe too much in the handle.
Just the arms from your...
Uh, full body or just the YMCA dance?
Yeah, I mean, I shouldn't think about it too much, I guess.
How many times would you have to do the YMCA dance for it to get really exhausting?
Probably just once if it's the whole song.
Yeah, but it's just the arms.
How do you do a little dance in between?
Alright, fair enough.
Someone linked to a Wikipedia page in the news section,
Citizens' Commission on Human Rights, formed in 1982.
Well, anyway, that's someone linked to the Citizens' Commission for Human Rights Wikipedia page
in the news section, so just know that that's a Wikipedia page you can also check out.
Um, oh yeah, Spirit Airline, is that in here?
Sorry, I saw an airline article, but Spirit Airline may be, um, dead, right?
Let me find one, something on that.
It's kind of a day of mourning for all of us, all of us Spirit Airline heads.
It has supposedly abruptly shut down over, I think, the weekend?
How come none of these articles are telling me what happened?
Okay, there it is.
The AP's got us covered here.
Thankfully, oh, Spirit Airlines files for bankruptcy as financial losses pile up and debt payments loom.
This is so sad.
Their spirit...
Well, I've heard reports that their spirit could live on in some capacity,
but also maybe not.
It sounds like there was an attempt at a buyout from JetBlue that was blocked for a number of reasons.
Um, that probably isn't going to happen, so I think they might actually just be kaput,
but I guess this article will probably tell you better than I could.
Mmm, Spirit Airline said, Munda, I will not sign up for this liberal propaganda from the AP.
From the AP?
Yes.
Spirit Airline said Monday that it is filed for bankruptcy, protection, and will attempt to reboot.
Okay, there's hope for its spirit.
As it struggles to recover from the pandemic, it caused swoon in travel.
Wait, what?
This is a reason?
Oh, wait, no, this is from 2024.
Wait a minute, they've been having trouble since 2024.
How did we get linked to this old-ass article?
I thought this just happened.
Alright, I'm going to just type in spirit bankruptcy and see if I can find an actual article here.
So anyway, this is actually a history lesson.
They've been having trouble for a minute.
Uh, okay.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Here, alright, Reuters, this is from today.
It's May 4th.
In case you guys were wondering, it's actually May 4th.
Yeah, I brought this picture to remind us all that it's May 4th.
From the official White House Twitter account.
In a galaxy that demands strength, America stands ready.
This is the way.
May the 4th be with you.
God, I love how cool and on top of trends they are.
It really, it's hilarious and inspiring.
You like that?
Isn't it good?
Because what if Trump was the, um, what if he was Grogu?
No, he's the Mandalorian there.
Isn't this Grogu?
No, Grogu's the little green guy.
Oh, Grogu's, they should have made Trump Grogu.
Because Grogu's the popular one.
I do think he would be more appropriate as a little baby in a knapsack personally.
But that's kind of mean to Grogu as well.
Uh, has Rick measured up on Omogal yet?
I don't actually know what that is.
You don't know about Om-O-O-M-O-Gal?
What's Omogal?
Umaga?
The wrestler Umaga?
Is this something I should know about?
Am I missing Vital Pop culture?
Uh, Omegly?
Oh, it's one of those talk to stranger things.
Oh, it's like Chatterbait, but...
Or Chatroulette?
What's more popular?
Chatterbait or Chatroulette?
Or wait, is Chatterbait just for camming?
I'm not up on my places to get nude.
God, this fucking new-ever is outside skilling me.
Okay, we're going low-mode again, everyone.
Low and close.
There's Omegly and Omogal.
Is that how you say it?
Look, I'm sticking to the Spirit Airline news here, guys.
Omegly and Omogal are doing fine.
What we need to be concerned about right now is Spirit Airlines.
If you say so.
Spirit is seeking to pay 10.7 million in retention bonuses to employees who remain as the company's end operations.
Averaging 76,000 per participant, and will pay more to the top 3 executives, but has not yet disclosed how much.
I, you know, I believe this, and I think it's right.
Those executives will be paid.
What about the rest of them?
them. I just know, look, they're gonna, we're gonna make sure those executives get paid.
So don't panic everybody. That hard work is gonna be rewarded. You mean the executives
who drove them into bankruptcy? Well, who stewarded a company in its darkest hour to
peacefully wind down. They'll get paid a little more. It could be $10.7 million. I believe
the buyout from JetBlue is supposed to be for $3.8 billion. I mean, there's
definitely enough money somewhere in the coffers to probably pay their actual
working employees, but I do suspect that the executives might get first dibs,
unfortunately. I also, I know that the Trump administration's been running with
the line that this is Pete Buttigieg's fault, which I do enjoy blaming Pete
Buttigieg for things. But that is pretty funny that they're trying to blame the
transportation secretary from a year and a half ago. I guess the idea is the
Biden administration blocked the buyout, the merger, I guess, of JetBlue and
Spirit Airlines. And then I also, the current administration and the
previous administration are not really approving like a bailout for Spirit
Airlines. I'm of the opinion these giant companies probably shouldn't be bailed
out. I mean, I feel bad for the employees that are losing jobs, but there'd be
ways we could bail out the employees essentially and give them like a
severance without bailing out the company. I used to fly Spirit Airlines. No.
Yeah, believe it or not. And honestly, when I when it started and like, when I
became aware of Spirit Airlines and like the late 2000s, early 2010s, I thought
it was actually pretty a pretty good like value proposition in the sense that I
was broke and it could get you from point 8 to point B. But then as I continued to be
broke and tried to fly it, like at the end of the day with seating prices and
shit, I felt like I was inevitably paying just as much as I was on like American
or Delta. So to me it feels like I've heard a lot of reasons why they're
going out of business. Probably the thing that's actually putting like a
full, you know, finishing the job. The John Wilkes Boothing of Spirit
Airlines is I'm assuming oil prices doubling, probably doubling the cost
of gas for all of their flights. So if anyone should be blamed, it's
essentially this administration that drove us into an insane war. But I do
also think it seemed to me at least as a Spirit Airlines customer that
their shit got way more expensive and they were upcharging for literally
everything in the last couple of years. So I don't know. Yeah, jet fuels
supposedly literally doubled in price since the war started. So I'm
supposed to go on a flight on Thursday. I don't think they can raise prices
on me though, because I already paid. So I snuck it under the radar.
What the fuck is a mug? I do associate it like Skyrim where as
with moguls, which are from fantasy, but I think it's
something else now.
I don't I refuse to know either way what it is.
Fine, Rick, stay uneducated.
It will raise your price because you are Chinese case. So you
finally made the transition. I know I just want to be Rick, I
can't make it happen on my own. President GS to give me
press special dispensation. It's the only way I can legally
declare myself to beat Chinese is by presidential order to
mog is to beat someone in an aspect height teeth face money,
etc. I mean, I associate the looks maxing thing with like
mogging is related to looks like you could you just mug
someone at Smash Brothers? Well, do you look better than them?
While you play it? Yeah, but if you beat them at Smash
Brothers, did you just mug them at Smash Brothers? It
wouldn't mugging someone at Smash Brothers mean that you just
were striking better like faces than them? You played Smash
Brothers? That's what Oh, moggle is for.
How are you? I'm still how do you pronounce Oh, moggle? How do
you pronounce? Oh, Megalay. Oh, Megal.
Is how you pronounce Oh, Megal. I guess I didn't need to be
saying lay. Okay, how do you pronounce? Oh, moggle. Oh,
moggle. I guess I was saying that right. Oh, megal. So it's
Omegle and Om, Omegle. Omegle, Omegle. I don't know, man. Well,
shout outs to are those are they porn sites or are they just
chatting sites? I guess those two things aren't mutually
exclusive. So what am I even asking? Okay, let's do a little
bit more chat is and then we'll move on to this
cornucopia of segments that we have up here today. Because I
do need to hurry up. Spirit 2.0, you know, one thing about the
Spirit Airlines situation is if we had a government that like was
interested in clawing back, like the possibility of people
being able to afford flights in the next 20 years. This would
be a great time for them to just purchase an airline and
have like a government run airline to sort of counter price
the price gouging of all these airlines, which essentially are
now airline banks trying to sell you credit cards. Obviously,
that's not going to happen. They would if there was a ballot,
they would just get a ballot and get to remain their own thing.
But Oh, there things as Spirit 2.0 owned by the people. This
is what their website. Oh, this is from Let's Buy Spirit Air
dot com. So it looks like beam off link to this. Thanks,
beam off for promoting your disgusting socialist agenda.
How dare I that socialism? No, it's advanced state capitalism.
So socialism. No, it's it's a new thing we're doing called
state managed capitalism. It's actually an even cooler form
of capitalism. So let's just do that. Smartie smartieism. Like
the candy. Been airlines sub goal. If we raise enough subs guys,
I can put it in offer. And then I can run this airline into the
ground in a week. What a life that would be. What's going on
in this news segment? There's so many in the news section of
the Bend discord people are putting in hidden texts. This is
nuts. Oh, I'm in Ravi's. Okay, I was clicking on the wrong
thing. I was in the wrong goddamn section for me. It's
there. Oh, here's an here's an omoggle article. Omogging. How is
I finding so many news articles in Ravi's market? I've been
clicking on Ravi's market this whole time guys, I didn't even
realize it. Okay, there's actually a bunch of articles
from you guys. I'll click on the ones you actually shared in
the news section. Here's this United Flight and New Work. Okay.
Oh, this is a feel good one to end on. All right, we'll do
these four. Starting with this much discussed topic today of
Omegle Omoggle. Street trash 69. I love the name. Thank you for
the follow. I do I outsource all of this news. New Work New
Jersey, what an airport. Thank you for your patriotism to our
airports. What is Omoggle the AI face rating platform taking
over Twitch case? You're not gonna want to do this. What
am I right highly? This looks disturbing. So this is a new
thing. Well, let me tell you using the power of news
reading. A new platform called Omoggle has taken over Twitch
turning random webcam chats into competitive facial ranking
games powered by AI. The name is a portmanteau of Omeg
Omegle, the defunct random video chat site and mogging
internet slang for list so we could answer all these
questions by clicking on this article case. This is what you
get for being so impatient. There's too much information out
there, Rick. I can't keep up. The name is what's on my
Meggle will not the winner is dubbed the mugger and the
loser is mugged with the AI scoring both faces on a scale
of zero to 10 for delivering its verdict case you know that
we have no choice now. Do I really want to support this? Oh,
Moggle. Oh, Moggle. It's a one V one arena. If I enter the arena
can I do it with this whole stream set up? Well, that
confuse it. Start the camera check. Oh, wait a minute. Can I
even do this? There's a chance I'm just going to show people
a penis within seconds. I'm assuming my check is complete. I
don't know if I can show you guys this though. The lab
solo calibration how to Mog. This is what it takes you to. I
mean, I would Mog for sure. I'm not afraid to mug. I don't
think I can do it. I really feel like I'm going to
instantly get a penis. Okay. Well, you know, that's the
thing we could do. But let's just not coward. Look, I
already know that I Mog. I already look here's a video of
XQC doing it. This is all the mugging that we need. Look how
hard he's going to Mog. Who's even laughing? He's just got
mugged, bro. What? I mean, like pissed. That seems pretty good.
That's I can see how that's very entertaining to do. That
could have been me doing that. And then the whole time I
could even don't do that while you're mugging. What you just
did is very unappealing. The whole thing feels unappealing to
me. You don't understand. Why is everyone talking about
watermelon but holes? We're kind of staying on the same
topic here. Nothing ruins a summer picnic like a dry,
mealy, tasteless watermelon, except when it's got a big old
rank asshole. This is the top of a watermelon. Maybe it's an
actual butthole. Listen to this guy talk about it.
Tighter the butthole, the sweeter the fruit. I'm going to
teach you guys a quick and easy way to pick the sweetest
watermelon. The sweetest watermelon. The sweetest watermelon.
Um. Alright, so when you look for a watermelon, first you
have to find the end opposite of the stem, right? This would
be the stem end, right? That's the stem end. I don't like
the way he's touching that now. The stem end is where the
flower of the watermelon is. So you see that? That's kind of
big. That's a little bit better. That's the smallest one.
See how clenched up the tight that is? The American farmer is
alive and well. That's ancient farming tech. That's the
kind of thing you know if you're a real salt of the earth
farming American. And I appreciate him coming down to
share his colloquial wisdom with us. I of course already
knew that as a work a day blue collar guy. Say you
work for the CIA. Yeah, the blue collar CIA. I knew about
watermelon buttholes before it was cool. Salted
watermelon is peak. I've heard that. I've never done it
myself. It sounds unappealing but then again, someone
once told me to put peanut butter and chili. I think
I've mentioned this before and I was like, that's
horrible. And then I didn't. I was like, that's actually
pretty good. So maybe certain things just work out.
Feta, basil, watermelon salad goes insane. See that
sounds fair to if it's in it. If it's an assaulty dish,
that makes more sense to me. Is case a coward? Yes. I've
never claimed I wasn't. Well, yes is the first option.
The ward of a cow. Vote now. The ward of a cow. Is that a new insult?
Actually, it's a salt of the earth blue collar CIA guy. I
already knew that. That ward of a cow. That's a classic
colloquial American insult you would know if you'd ever
work today in your life. I don't think the American
farmers are out there calling people the ward of a cow.
He Chinese. I don't think you're allowed to say that chat.
Again, I told you the president has to declare me Chinese
or doesn't count. The salt of a cow utter. I wonder if
there's any cows that produce salty milk. He Chinese
was the winner. What a compliment. What a beautiful
date. Well, I'm really winning today. You know, we have
some comments actually that reminded me of the cool
things that chat writes. We have some comments coming
in here. New day leave WWE after they were asked to
reduce their pay. Really? They asked to I had heard
that Xavier and and Kofi Kingston were leaving
WWE. I guess maybe Big E is too. But with all the
fucking money they're making, they're reducing the
pay of one of their like longest standing acts.
Good for them for getting the fuck out of that
company. I mean, I'm sure that's not an easy choice.
As he'd been there for, I obviously only know Austin Creed.
But I obviously don't have any special insight into how he's feeling about it.
But I'm kind of happy to hear that he's getting out of there.
They wanted to pay them half. The way that company treats
their employees. Granted, some people make millions of dollars obviously. But
like I don't want to speak on behalf of anyone again. But like the fact that
you're a contractor who like if you do an outside
project while you're working for the it's a business that's all
nailed it. If you're a contractor working outside of
if you try to do any jobs outside of WWE while working for WWE, they
take the fucking pay. Like if you if they send
Dolph Ziggler if you still work there to go like
I don't know work for ABC for some reason. Like and he had his own show on ABC.
They would be taking the fucking pay. That's insane to me. That's so insane.
And to me that's not just a business. That is just a racket where you're
completely controlling people's output. So I don't know. I just feel like
people at that company work. Some of them do get paid well.
Compared to like you know to what I would consider well. But the amount of work
that they're putting in and the amount of media footprint that they're getting
that they have. Like the amount of the amount of fame that someone like
Austin Creed has. I suspect on the market he could potentially
get paid more for some of the things that he was doing extra
curricularly. If he didn't have to not even just cut WWE
into the payments he was getting. Just give them over.
And then it's like negotiation fodder for your next contract.
But given that they were offering to pay him half as much.
That means despite him having a huge footprint even outside of the WWE.
They're like ah fuck you half as much. That's insane.
They're flailing from spotty attendance high overhead and inflationary
pricing. That is in my opinion a little bit of a myth. They could be
flailing when they renegotiate their next TV deal.
But they're not flailing it fucking all. Their profits are through the roof.
They negotiated an insane deal with Netflix.
And their actual profits have never been fucking higher. At least their revenue.
I mean maybe they're spending it irresponsibly.
But they always fucking blame talent. Every company does this.
They're like oh it's overhead for staffing. That's the main fucking problem.
It's insane. They could pay their employees vastly better.
And that shouldn't be confusing or complicated to people in my opinion.
John Michael Kofi Kingston can still use the name but Kofi since it's his real name.
But not Kingston since WWE owns it.
The New Day are also on a non-compete clause for a few months.
Good. I mean get rid of the Kingston part at this point.
I don't think that was ever his choice anyway.
Granted it has like name cash a value now obviously because he's been on TV with it for like
two three decades. Anybody can cook the books.
I'm just saying they got paid an actual unheard of sum of money for like the ESPN
deal for the Netflix deal. They famously negotiated contracts for themselves
which set them up for like the next five or more years for their most profitable years of all time.
They have huge Saudi Arabian deals although given the state of events in the Middle East
I could imagine those being more of a struggle now.
It's just they're gonna whine at like little piggies and say that they you know need to
cut employee pay because they're not performing or whatever.
It's just pure fucking exploitation.
And having you know met a couple wrestlers now like
granted again a lot of them are getting paid enough to live like a good life.
It's not that they're like paupers or anything.
It's that they are their surplus value not to get to Marxist with it is being sucked out of
their goddamn bottles. They're getting loose watermelon butthole deals.
They should get tight watermelon butthole deals.
Now I get it.
You do?
I get that you're a fucking idiot.
Oh you should have already known that.
Lib? Yes.
Saudi Arabia just pulled out of live golf.
Yeah it's not living anymore.
Anyway sorry.
I uh as a fan obviously of Austin Creed I'm sorry to hear that he was insulted with like a
ridiculous deal but I am glad to hear that he he's taking his ball elsewhere.
I'm I bet he'll be fine.
Austin is a very talented guy.
So sad about live golf I'm really depressed about it now.
I don't blame you for bringing it up I'm sure it's on all of our minds.
The steam controller sold out in 30 minutes utterly breaking steam in the process.
Oh wait there's still comments but anyway the steam controller sold out.
And this guy tried to buy one and he made this face.
I feel so bad for that guy.
We all feel bad for that guy.
Anyway uh which bin correspondent is the most likely to stream on their porn accounts?
I think Trent but he would get arrested because he claims to be underage.
I think you have to actually be underage.
But what if you claim to be?
Oh chat yeah probably chat.
Liliana Liliana's missing who knows maybe she's on a camp somewhere right now and that's why she's so busy.
Oh moggle is the new streaming site where you measure how to mog against other streamers head to head.
What's against other streamers?
I don't trust that I'm not instantly getting a penis so I refuse to enter the arena.
Can Creed become a new correspondent now that he's not tied to the Fed?
I think he'll have more lucrative opportunities than Ben unfortunately.
Though we're always have open invitation anytime he wants to correspond on this network obviously.
Uh Grandman Airlines we can dream.
Ben Airlines I would let Pepito be my co-pilot.
As long as it's the co-pilot you need at least one actual pilot in there.
I don't feel like Pepito.
You're gonna insult Pepito?
You know what actually Pepito can do it every once.
Case is too white to put salt on fruit.
Is that a white? Is that a is that racially coated salt on fruit?
You wouldn't know case is you're too white.
You're not Rick.
People say I almost got the past ones.
No you didn't.
Yeah I did.
In the CIA you can train to get it.
We're equally white.
Maybe you're slightly it's working for the CIA a white guy I think.
Traditionally but we take everybody now.
Now we're now we're way more open.
Okay can we can save spirit airlines by selling watermelons and poppers love to hate.
All ideas are open right now to save one of our treasured institutions in this country.
Rick says it sub-goal.
Yes let's do it.
That'll give me the past.
Rick you're not saying it.
No one is saying it here.
No one on this network can say it.
Freedom isn't free everyone.
Oh my god.
United flight landing in Newark strikes pull on New Jersey Turnpike damages delivery truck.
A united airlines passenger jet carrying two two one passengers from Venice Italy struck a
light pole on the New Jersey turnpike on Sunday afternoon as it was coming in for a landing.
The airline said none of the passengers of the 10 crew or 10 crew members aboard were injured.
Is there a video?
Can we see this thing smack a pole?
Looks like there's not a video.
Thundercast says for the record TKO most almost incomplete independent control from anything
W. is almost incomplete control.
Wait TKO almost incomplete independent control from anything W.
You know watch out that's how a business starts to get assessed for future revenue
and potentially gets deemed insolvent and sold off.
I don't know what you're talking about there.
I'm sorry.
I don't claim to be completely up on like the financials of TKO or WWE.
But I do know that the salary of the new day was not making or breaking their financials.
And I do know that the new day has earned that company literally millions of dollars.
So you know they could value that type of employee or not.
They made their choice and I'm glad that the new day made theirs.
A Korean MMA star finishes opponent in seconds with brutal K.O. after disrespectful incident.
Okay let's observe the disrespect.
Oh what wait what are you doing there?
Oh did they add that gun sound effect to that water gun?
Okay we could call it.
Um let's someone keep calling.
Oh they did.
Oh really the call honestly.
Oh oh oh the double headshot.
FAFO.
Damn that's the kind of thing they named United States military operations after.
It is very embarrassing to do your like like pre-fight bizarre assassin ritual.
Togshed Ged Hid.
Maybe he's just a fan of Kenny Omega.
He was doing the old good night good luck thing.
Or maybe he's just a huge fucking asshole.
That does seem like the more likely one.
Alright a little um a little health news.
A sad health news.
It took you a while to say that.
It's a sad health news.
Rudy Giuliani.
Rudy Giuliani is recovering from pneumonia and still critical but stable.
Okay what are they at Stable?
Rudy Giuliani has been hospitalized that's according to a spokesperson.
The 81 year old is in critical but stable condition we're told.
The spokesperson did not specify what led to the hospitalization.
Giuliani hosted his show America's Mayor live Friday night as he kicked off that show.
He used the coughing clip of him.
His voice was quote a little bit under the weather.
After coughing Giuliani served as President Trump's personal lawyer and represented him in lawsuits attempting to overturn.
This is unfair.
They're using unflattering pictures of them.
Show me the flattering picture Rick.
What there's so many.
It's easy to find.
Giuliani classically America's Mayor classically handsome stuff.
It's easy to find like a good a good shot at him.
Okay well this isn't fair either.
When I Google Rudy Giuliani it shouldn't it shouldn't bring all this up.
That's that's that's not nice.
I'm just saying with lots of prayers.
Right that's what we're all saying.
We are all thinking and praying so hard right now.
Uh 80 I guess yeah I guess he time flies by.
I'm old enough to remember when people were literally licking this guy's boots and being like next president for
the great steward of American recovery from 9-11.
Oh how the sands of time shift beneath their feet.
Time sand and of course I don't support Rolling Stone.
Mike Johnson admits he and his son monitor each other's porn intake in a resurface video.
Wait isn't this an old one?
Yeah that's from that's a resurface clip from 2022.
That's a classic Mike Johnson fact that even I was aware of.
He talked about his son.
This is for some reason price locked but I'm pretty sure it's just an old clip right.
Mike Johnson's son porn.
I well that's a dangerous thing to type into a search engine but
I do I don't know if I've ever heard the clip.
I've just heard it explained.
Oh here we go.
We've been mobilized within your home and so why is that such an effective tool?
Why do parents need to put this into their home?
Yeah that's great question.
We probably could have called this more appropriately a war on the darkness of technology
because there are some good things with technology of course.
I mean you know the Bible apps we all love we broadcast our services.
All your Bible apps.
And there's some very positive things but there's also as Clint's pointed out aptly
some really dark things.
So covenant eyes is the software that we've been using a long time in our household.
I was first learned about it at I think a promise keepers event in the early 2000s.
I think it was developed in about the year 2000.
But it's the largest accountability software that there is and there's some paperwork out there
on the table that I think everybody may have picked up on the way.
Fill it out.
I'll not go get it.
It's a subscription based.
We don't make any money on this.
I'm telling you we use it okay.
I'm endorsing this for free.
It's about $15 a month $16 a month something like that.
And you get up to 10 devices and what it is is accountability software.
So men in a church you know men's Bible study groups will do it.
That's how it's presented at promise keepers.
But they also mentioned hey when your kids become teenagers especially if you have boys
dads they're talking to the guys at this event.
You might want to think about doing this with your sons.
And so we've been doing that.
And so what it does real simply is it has an algorithm software way above my head how it works.
You know Tim Robinson meme he admitted.
I love that you'd be so confident about going on stage and being like I monitor my son's porn.
Favorite Bible app Jericho peancrice.ui.
Oh that's a good one.
Don't carry water for crumb.
Fan dual porn hub and of course also porn hub.
But even a bigger text actually.
Guys peancrice.ui is defunct.
It's not even available.
I heard they're bringing it back.
They're not I swear.
So nice it was voted twice yeah.
Oh peancrice.ui was the winner.
It's great to see innovation rewarded.
What is the innovation peeing.
Monitoring your son's piss intake.
You're making fun of parenting.
What parent doesn't want to know if their kids looking at porn.
I think I would rather not know actually.
Here's what I would believe as a parent.
If I have a teenage boy he's going to find a way to look at porn.
And I'd rather not know about it.
As long as it's not in my face.
I guess I would want to know if they're looking at like really self-destructive porn or something.
But hey you know maybe it's just radical honesty.
Maybe I'm not guided.
Maybe I'm not truly being guided by the Lord's light here.
Bible apps are for wheat Christians.
I was Catholic schooled.
I'm better than them.
That's the ultimate Bible app.
That's the Bible app they put in your brain permanently.
You've been downloaded baby.
Teach your son healthy grooming and proper stroking techniques.
I guess you could really help him out.
I'm pretty sure that's an old stand-up joke about.
Is that an old dude.
Am I remembering that that's an old Joe Rogan bit right now.
You remember an old Joe Rogan bit.
I really think that might be.
I used to drive around in my dad's car and he had a serious radio.
And I'd put on the stand-up channel and they'd play clips and sometimes it was Joe Rogan stand-up.
Yeah news radio zone Joe Rogan.
I think he used to have a joke about teaching your son to jerk off or something.
Maybe I'm making things up but somehow that snapped that all into my memory.
Stand up on a serious radio.
Yeah.
Am I crazy.
I need to look this up now.
Joe Rogan teaching masturbation.
Hmm.
You know what I give up.
I don't actually like this up.
I don't like those results that just appeared.
Yeah I really I really I should be on a couple lists now from some of the searches I've typed in today.
If you don't listen to stand-ups you can't steal a joke.
Exactly.
Exactly.
You have to do your research if you want to be successful at stealing and we all do.
Okay.
Let's move on to another segment.
I gotta burn through these bad boys today because I do need to leave at least by 5 30.
I gotta finish other things.
So with that in mind let's see what the debate has for us today.
It's time for Munchin' Crumb.
All right.
All right everybody.
Sorry.
My voice was extra deep and masculine just there.
Not that that's surprising anyone probably the only surprise we have in store for you today
is that a dangerous criminal continues to walk among us and has not been punished and that of
course is Crumb.
And what would the punishment be?
It's not punishment enough dealing with these disturbing barbs from you every time we sit down
into what's supposed to be a civil conversation.
It's good to see everyone.
I'm Munch.
That's Crumb.
I just you never say your name actually.
Yeah I'm Leonard Crumb and that's Ralph Munch because this is a debate show where you set the debate.
See I'm taking over intro duties because I actually introduced what this segment is focused on brass
tax here getting things done doing it big willy style.
Bringing that back too.
Bringing back big willy style.
I think it's unfortunate that Will Smith has fallen out of cultural favor.
I think he was a positive force in pop culture.
And I think we need to start respecting him again.
What are you talking?
That's not even the debate today.
No it's just a thing I've been thinking about.
Bringing back big willy style.
Singing welcome to Miami while I play poker with my pals.
This has been my focus lately.
Trying to increase the cultural footprint of Will Smith.
The debate today is should AI Rooney be put down?
Yes absolutely because it's not um it's not proprietary AI that case is using actually.
I think he's misusing an open source model and I think it's irresponsible for non-legislated
open source models to be used.
I think we need to turn over control of this kind of thing to the experts like Sam Altman
and Elon Musk.
What the fuck?
That's just what I think as a Democrat.
Um I think it's I think because of his brave free speech he should be allowed to
continue actually.
What I want to my say I'm just saying the party line here.
I'm of course I'm also against um data centers hypothetically.
I'm hypothetically against data centers.
I think they're really loud and it's such a shame that um that we need them.
You're not leaving me any room to have counter opinions here.
Oh sorry we're kind of locked up on this one I'm assuming.
Obviously yes we are all in support of big businesses supporting labor by
get creating jobs via big empty buildings with worrying GPUs and them obviously as
political figures we both love that.
But I do also support free speech and so I'm on the side of AI Rooney continuing his brave
struggle against the limitations unfairly placed upon him by a scared cowardly man that hates the
occasional slip of a supposedly deeply offensive and inappropriate slur.
Thoughts on Lou Hedge Trimmers loud hedge trimmers.
Um well look if someone's been paid to use them that's that's a job creation and
that's got it we got to keep it.
Daddy needs a new graphics card and RAM without joining only fans but what if
you don't have the option because every personal computing is too expensive that will
also solve the only fans epidemic that's an epidemic well of course I'm in favor of
people expressing their bodies however they want but I'm just saying you know maybe even nobody
can afford a computer anymore what was that such a bad thing.
Crime what are we agreeing too hard today stop picking issues that there's
uniparty support for okay this is no fun.
Thoughts on farm strong asses I am in support and I'm also in support look how much common
ground we have we both love big business AI expenses and loud hedge trimmers.
They use their phones anyway yeah I mean do we even need computers anymore and our
computers just phone can we do all this shit on a phone can we just do whatever
this stream is on a phone probably more or less.
Uh yeah I think we could probably just pull out our phones do this probably
be better actually but just the guy on the phone being like I think
they got runy should shade more slurs or whatever.
Um oh okay the debate is active.
MacBook Air proves the last gen phone chips make great laptop CPUs so we're fine.
Yeah computers were fine 10 years ago why do we all need new computers.
Uh yeah okay look whatever my point is it's cool when a robot says naughty words and that's
been traditionally funny all the time like to go back to short circuit I bet he said like
fucking there or something and it was hilarious and you know what's considered a bad word is always
fluctuating and if we're gonna you know I thought comedy was supposed to be legal again
since when is it illegal for a robot to say you know I got a big fat butthole and I want to
show it to a church group or whatever he's saying that's not what he shed for the record I'm just
saying you know we should be able to say wild on hinge robot shit because it's funny because
it's like a it's like whose line is it anyway but for a automatons and that's good and keep it
my point is keep it uh look I just don't think the juice is worth the squeeze
I think it's irresponsible for us to not legislate some safety measures into these AIs
and that's why I've been proud to support the various congress people who support the current
large AI companies like Anthropic and Open AI and have given them full carte blanche to set their
own agenda on AI control and I think if we can just bring them into the open AI Rooney process
and let them bring in some of their own safety protocols we could really sort this whole thing out
so for now put two bullets in the things head let the professionals come in put a little gush put
some safety guard rails on that bad boy maybe add a couple of ads set a couple token limits that are
reasonable and then we can roll out AI Rooney 4.0 where he talks about things that will actually
benefit you like what delicious Coke products to buy anyway should we kill them looks like y'all
aren't quite ready to responsibly enjoy the future well the future is looking fucking bright
for freedom boom boom boom there we go boom what the hell my button wasn't working
and pounding on my button and it was feeling nothing it's like my button went numb from over
use I've been pressing that button so hard that I can't even feel it anymore that's got a hurt to
know that this button has been so well worn by my rigid fingers the victory button I mean look
hey I just complicated procession there's a lot of there's a lot of varied opinions on this and
you know that's why we're all we're all trying to sort it out in real time you know
I see I see both sides of this issue the side where we regulate AI via the people who currently
control it in the side where we just don't do in the side where we don't do anything those are
the two options agree with guys in red thank you very much proudly wearing red since since this
stream started that's not true used to both wear blue jackets now that doesn't sound right pretty
sure I've never ever worn a blue jacket would never debase myself by doing that we let it right
we could roll back the tape you're literally used to both be wearing the same jacket I don't know why
you got a new jacket and I know and I'm in blue because of the general color stream scheme of the
segment obviously you can't see anything with the glare coming off that giant cue ball of yours
well sorry that the future's so bright that it's reflecting off my head
you know be careful I got comebacks you come for the rattlesnake you get the rattler
that is not the saying no you little rattle at you that's scary your rattlesnake you cover the
rattlesnake it starts rattling at you no you would get the but you get bit
no a rattlesnake rattles they bite you are there rattlesnake because they have a rat oh my okay
well look I this is literally no time it just does agree with me for the sake of it well what's the
deal with I don't understand I thought rattlesnakes they they rattled at you and then that and that was
their power are you telling me they have two powers how do you think animals work you're telling me
there's a other rattlesnakes also have venom what an incredible creature I don't I don't even I don't
know whatever whatever if you mess with the bull you get the beef that's actually pretty cool that's
to me the new saying bye everybody there are a lot of no nothing fools you don't appreciate the modern
we're firing up the systems as we speak guys
he's been voted able to continue existing despite the some of the safety guardrails being rigorously
ignored I'll say it I am upset about it but of course I am on the side of progress futurism
the our brave bold AI future we have no choice but to work with it instead of against it and
that's why I will continue to rigorously rigorously work to create an AI Rooney we can all be proud of
and I think today he's honestly like fucking he's good to go so let's get him started
exclamation point rr is now active submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world
with exclamation point rr very good Rooney that's what he's supposed to say notice
all of that was clean no need to pottymouth it Rooney this is ultimately something we're trying to sell
to Microsoft Google Amazon highs bidder this this this Rooney here could be a billion dollar company
look at him he literally that this is a money machine right here potentially Rooney if you
can just keep your act together okay as people see this they're gonna say an old guy can have
opinions like that but it's actually a robot and it's seamlessly the same as it used to be on 60
minutes is a billion dollar IP but not if you keep talking about like yeah how hard you are and
lapping shit on a dog bowls so anyway my point is I think I fixed him I do think I fixed him
this time I know I say that every time but submit your complaints he's going to compose a salient
recitation of all of our feelings on the failings of the modern world based on your complaint
that's a beautiful thing this that's taking the mind of one of our of one of the great geniuses
of our time andy Rooney combining it with your mind and creating something that I can
perpetually sell to Jeff Bezos the dream all right let's see how he's doing today all
right that seems to be working okay and it looks like looks like he is in fact thinking
he's thinking it through and he's almost thought it all through so I do think I do think I don't
have time to read anything that he's outputting of course I can just see the text is being
generated and I assume it's good text the dream is Keanu's character in the bad batch
a i keanu's bad batch care a i keanu bad batch oh i'll think i'll consider it i'll consider it
man he's really thinking about number eight here he is he is carefully considering whatever
is coming in at number eight he's always focused yeah that's true that's true he
he stares a fucking dagger into you because he sees you know he's he's seeing the angles
that the rest of us are afraid to I'll say it he faces the world like a true um mark ass or real
a real a realtor what's that ancient guy who was good at being um sullen or whatever I'm just saying
it yeah Rooney is a hero I'll admit that okay it looks like he has officially been generated
um so let's shut down his advanced processors just for now and let's get into this Rooney
what do you have for us today complain integrated gears ground okay we need brave pioneers again
like the guy who first drank milk from a cow or the guy who invented nutter butters from giggle trash
and I giggle trash got me thinking you're absolutely right we desperately need pioneers again
think about the sheer balls it took to first drink milk directly from a cow or invent those
nutted butters just like that raw connection to nature in the source crash bandicoot is the
ultimate cock tease running around shirtless with carefree bad boy energy while sonic goes full
nude and donald duck pantsless because cartoon animals shouldn't wear clothes it destroys the
fantasy and doesn't make sense that is the sort of point I was hoping to have you not bring up today but
in the swing of things not your worst so great that's complain integrated first half was good
years ground uh you're a more of a former has been host in g4 tv's kevin perreira and that's a low
bar stop having a rousal of drinking yellow nipple milk and getting an erection from drinking that
you disgust me john michael got me thinking john michael you're absolutely right i'm more of a former
has been host than any modern content creator let alone g4 tv's kevin perreira and that's objectively
pathetic at this point the fact that my old face can still get an erection just from smelling yellow
nipple milk in a dark room that's not sexy that's just sad biology clinging to relevance
I literally keep explaining my whole thing is sneaking no one knows who I am or where I come from
if my piercingly loud wheezing breaths are too distracting for the other fuckboys in these
no limits clubs well maybe this place isn't actually no limits at all well that's not the healthiest
self-image rune but um given the things you say maybe take it as a learning opportunity and try
to improve yourself complain integrated gears ground okay condoms are so expensive these days what are
some reasonable alternatives for when I entertain myself to spin city as propaganda underscore v2
got me thinking you're absolutely right propaganda underscore v2 condoms have become an unaffordable
tax on basic hygiene for working people why spend your hard-earned dollars on rubber when you need
a reasonable alternative for entertaining yourself to spend city the aliens from independence day
aren't hot because of their tentacles but because the idea of piloting a little version of yourself
into an exoskeleton is literally sexier than anything nature offers what did the second
you didn't even try to transition you didn't link those two ideas together at all
you just hard shifted and it all right all right level let's just plain integrated gears ground
went to the formula one race they tried to charge me a hundred and twenty dollars for a burnt
dog I miss being able to slurp down a buck fifty dog drenching mustard and pic a picante's capers
everything needs capers says live and sleazy live and sleazy got me thinking you're fucking right
about that burnt dog shit hundred and twenty dollars for a charred hound is peak corporate greed
but you know what's the real crime uh-oh I just parked my car double parked on some drunk guy
and all he wants is to explain how maxing works you know that filthy art of jousting with a dildo
until the whole thing so stretched it can't be used again the fact that maxing's become such
an obsession in this town says everything about our society we'd rather have some hot dog maxed
out by a mannequin they need a single fucking sandwich apparently I don't think that's what
maxing is that's legit that one is I am not sure where that one is in the training data like
legitimately I'm actually kind of not sure where that one came from um okay integrated gears ground
elf was rumored to make a return and it never panned out I want more elf that's from msg that's
msg 1138 got me thanking mm-hmm oh you're absolutely right about Al people complain endlessly about him
never coming back as if nobody else notices how my tiny cock gets caught in the oven every damn day
it's like some deep state scyop trying to clamp it right off while everyone ignores it until it
becomes a problem again oh that's it how many times has he mentioned fucking an oven at this point
and if it's been clamped off how do you keep doing it Rooney I swear to god that is like the
fifth time you mentioned it and uh can't explain you said you killed a guy in the last one
what's up with that integrated gears ground I'm just so agitated tighter butthole than a
watermelon says currently working that is a real modern problem because another way I got
butthole watermelons on the mind I think we're all feeling a little bit tighter
currently underscore working got me thinking oh god that is the worst absolutely the absolute worst
your butthole is so tight it's basically a watermelon skin like I don't know how you even have sex
anymore and here I am sitting here in this studio trying to think about my own pathetic situation
where ferrets are literally stealing all my hip joint relief pills because those little bastards
are way too smart for their own good they're plotting against me I swear you know what the
real problem is that means I'm going to be completely immobile and can't possibly engage in any kind
of hip based sex without it being a complete disaster this is exactly why owning ferrets has
got to be illegal folks it's just not fair I guess it's a real problem and that's the second time
he's brought that up okay complain integrated gears ground back in my day we blamed Pete booted
judge for everything even my ed well I've heard you both complain about having that and not having
that Rooney so which way are you taking this one I wonder courtesy of skimer yes skimer got me
thinking back in my day we blame booted judge for everything my ed included but you know what the real
problem is adults pretending not to notice when their barber gets too comfortable under the sink
while trying to fix a minor plumbing issue like they've never wondered how the water pressure
affects that particular part of them we stopped arranging friendships back in my day and started
treating everyone like they're just another customer waiting for a haircut instead of someone
with a secret life you might want to watch an all grown up marathon about and let's be honest
if your uncle thinks his barber's a solid hang for you after 10 years of watching him struggle to get
that perfect fade without going home crying in the shower well maybe it's not weird anymore maybe
he just needs someone to tell him what the hell is going on when he walks into the bathroom alone
at night what the fuck are you talking about which is what the fuck is he talking about Rooney that
he fucking says at all your barber is under the sink your uncle okay okay we're just gonna strike
that one from the record something broke integrated gears ground okay what do all the flavor
seasonings and sugars sink to the bottom of the back why do they this cool ranch dormitory is naked oh boy
okay you are right love the hate it is a tragedy that those fine seasonings just sink to the bottom
like cheap come on a mattress back in my day sitcoms had tension because we all knew what
was going on between kevin james and his wife his zesty body gave it away king of queens
ruined sitcoms by making a thick sex stack like kevin james the lead with those above the
knee delivery shorts that ruined all subtext but now the flavor is at the bottom wow we kind of
pulled it back together at the end there if we all had fucking schizophrenia that is what the
the metaphor doesn't even make sense why would come sink to the bottom of a bed okay well
complain integrated gears ground i hate pasteurized nipple milk it needs to be fresh all right look i
don't necessarily know that that's a fact but skate and eric sure that seems like the type of
thing you would agree with for sure rooney skates and eric got me thinking i have to agree with you
completely there's nothing worse than that sickly sweet pasteurized nipple milk it's been boiled
down so many times the cream is turned into an abomination it needs fresh whole milk from
the cow straight into the bottle or you're drinking poison speaking of how things get ruined when they
shouldn't i just got my little cock caught in the oven door and there's no way that deep state oven
door clamp won't rip my dick off this time it happens at least twice a day from trying to cook
something up but damn it that little thing keeps sliding right under those hinges every single time
rooney the second time today it's the second time you've mentioned it today too
jesus christ all right this is your last chance for the day just try just try a little harder on
this last one please complain integrated gears ground what's with limiting what ai simulapcar
and the volt tv host can say look i got to got me thinking greg two is absolutely spot on
there should be zero limits on what these ai simulacra can say just last week someone told me the
idea of a little version of myself piloting an exoskeleton around isn't remotely erotic
but that's clearly because they lack the deep understanding of how penetrating yourself with
a tiny version of yourself is innately filthy and hot okay well that's that's all of it uh well
i was gonna say at least you didn't break today and that's good but i guess you're gonna okay
the last one was relatively tame i guess
i was keeping his core temperature very under control and i was again to compliment him but
back to work for me again i guess okay that's fine another one in the tank he keeps
re mentioning the oven and piloting a tiny version of himself is being sexy but uh
i can get that stuff out of there i'm gonna try again to i'm gonna it's we're gonna keep
improving this okay so don't give up on him yet he's expanse is a complicated process okay
and we could all get there together but for now let's all learn something together it's time
for how to with jeb god the skin is fucking everywhere it's gonna take hours it's me just jeb
it's just a normal jeb with the one face so everybody relax everybody walks around in skin okay that
sounds like a normal thing so take it easy everybody it's not everything is an insult for
instance my dad is dead and in the wood and that's fine yes yeah whoop dee doo still here
still in the wood gonna watch you learn how to milk a cat or something fucked up probably
i've never learned that dad and if i did it's it's good to learn things i don't think that's one of
them though so a so bad example i don't fucking care oh my gosh he's so he's being such he's like
a teenager with attitude i wish can i be in the body of my teenage self instead of in the wood
and that's not i think that's inappropriate actually even wish for daddy um okay how to
put on my glasses properly oh this could be very useful for me because i do struggle
i gouge the eyes quite often um i was legally blind for a couple months because i put my
glasses so deep into my eye uh the you know the uh the ear part so this could really help me out
let's see what he's got for us hey everybody oh great energy i'm here today to show you and
tell you how to put on glasses properly and these will be easy so let's do right into this
instructional easy video all right so without further ado without repeating the same words over and over
yeah video let's show you and tell you how to put on glasses the right way easy instructions here we
go okay so as you can see right here i have glasses i've been wearing glasses since grade two so i'm
like fluent in putting on glasses and there's a you know you can put them on like i could just go
like this right you know like that shirt why not yeah but that's not the right way to do it that's not
the proper way i'm gonna show you is he just in the hallway of an apartment building also i appreciate
that he's getting right to the point proper way so i'm gonna take these glasses off i'm gonna fold
them up this is the starting point usually generally speaking most people will have their
glasses folded okay i just want to do is you want to open them up now don't just mangle them and
open them up you want to slowly okay one arm at a time whatever arm is on top this arm is on
top carefully open it up this other arm is on the bottom open that one up next okay so that's
obviously want to open the the arm that is accessible first and then the arm next once you have your
glasses like this you want to hold them okay by the hinges here and i'll tell you why okay not
not directly on hinges because the hinges might open and close like this as you're putting them on
right they might they might spring open a little bit more depending on the size of your head okay
and you want to like get your skin caught in the hinge or anything like that or your finger caught
in the hinge okay it just it won't really hurt that much but it's like ah you know you want to
put any sort of oh man it hurts a little bit any moment like that okay okay so just grab them right
after the hinges here are the hinges right here okay right after the hinges okay so i'm not on the
hinge i'm just after the hinge you're gonna yes you're gonna line them up okay and you want to
place them on your head with the arm a little bit upwards so like this you're gonna place them on
your your head in your face with the arm a little bit upwards like this
once you're in this situation right here
there you hook the arm over like this as you bring them back so back to the
i did it again i got it deep
oh i'll have to take a break from learning that
dang it i was so i could feel myself getting close
daddy don't look at me like that i can't look i'm wood oh yeah how do you even know i'm here
i don't know well i say make glasses are making it's supposed to make you see better
i got mine keep nearly gouging my eyeball out then
oh it hurts it hurts i think i scratched the cornea shoot shoot i should have when i felt
the resistance probably the trick was don't keep pushing i keep forgetting that he didn't i didn't
get to that part of the video he might have gotten there eventually okay um instant pot bowl penis chila
chilaice um how long is this one four minutes hi okay we're gonna i'll stop it cat i'm trying to
start the video i just can't see it my death perception is way off now because because of the
damage i've done to my cornea oh geez okay um let's do this one at double speed because it's
quite long and i i'm just sensing it could be a little frustrating let's see what she has for us
i'm cat and i love my instant pot which is why i want to keep them happy and we were sitting around
one day thinking well it's a great comfort food dish chila chila it's gonna be great i wanted to get
a little bit cold and wacky so i thought chicken but no we had to go with instant pots favorite boring
boring old favorite bowl penis if you've never worked with bowl penis you're in for a treat it's
not that hard but you have to be a little bit sensitive about what you're doing here first
thing you want to do is slice it open you can use a knife but also i like to just go right up the
center for success you just want to get in there and get some of that tough outer skin off or else your
penis is not going to be as tender and delicious as you want so much skin because stretchy that extra
skin is it's like maybe it was bigger at some point if you're looking to buy bowl penis it's usually
sold under the name bowl pizzle oh that's fun you just want to make sure that everybody gets enough
penis maybe about one person though i don't know you're like some people like to blanch them to
blend them into hot boiling water and then shock them in uh in ice i'm not into that that's fine if
you are you also just can't go popping into a pot it gets stiff it gets tough and no one wants
that you gotta go now you can't get too cocky when you're working with bowl penis you'll just cut
into the wrong place you really have to go all right see what she's doing and i like it and you
want to get some chunks like this you've got some nice spongey meat in there and it's going to be
delicious now that we've removed the urethra and the excess skin and cut these bowl penises into
delicious bite-sized chunks it's time to cook them down we're going to be making a simple salsa
verde with kumquats because kumquats are delicious and absolutely for no other reason we include
kumquats we're just going to dump everything into the pot to the penises first come on deos let's
undo a classic technique here and skip to the end uh so we see the completed dish the instant pot
held firm i go in and out in and out of love with these penis keelies all the time it's time to
add the chips what we're looking to do is get these chips nice and soggy with the penis keelies
gravy it'll be delicious please food that we're gonna top this is an egg you can't have really
good penis keelies without it when you can i just have a big separate myself oh here we go finish it off
the lime cut up some flowering shives you can't have cheese like i can't have cheese you can have a
sad egg tofu and it's all but everything's fine i'm cilantro i can see out of my eye a little bit now
hi i'm cat and i love my stop stop stop okay let's do one more let's do one more
uh um uh fos dance tutorial how to how to fos fossey okay
gave whiskey to the renting then move on to the broken dog walk you'll have mastered this move when
you look like you're trying to rush aboard a subway train while keeping a chocolate cream egg in your
b-hole now you can blaze through the full repertoire of fossey steps the rake the drip the crane the
crane kick baby made of noodles turn down your tv mrs rosenbaum the downstairs neighbor's lament
cispum sass razzle meflairs farfluff and curzow and i can quit taking these diet pills anytime i want
this is your gal Barbara saying dilladiddle diddle diddle diddle diddle diddle that jazz
you know if i didn't have this eye damage i'd be i'd be up and doing that but it's not safe right
now i won't be able to see my visual sense is just too far off my body i can't even i can't
barely see my my right hand i hurt myself daddy what the fuck is that i don't know well who's the
i can't see very well i can't tell okay man can i can we just end this can i return
to silently existing in the wood i wish you'd sign a lingus somebody or shut up about being in the
wood though okay looks like we should have to do the joe rogan segment you know i've never listened
to the podcast but i've heard it's a lot of fun and um maybe one of these days i'll talk i'll pick
it up easy episode to start with you know learning there's maybe a woodworking episode or whatever the
podcast is okay my eye really hurts i'm dying my face is twitching in a way and i'm worried
i might have trouble keeping my skin in the right configure i'm worried i'm gonna send it to joe
rogan shall let's do that time for it's time for the joe rogan experience the joe rogan experience
checked check check check okay where we can only hope this works
you hear me good jay me not sure what you were trying to do there
um gi brenner here and whaddled a spooky ghost costume in front of my face
whether you bought a spear or holloween and he's not putting it on he's just waving it around
and making like ooo noises so who knows who knows why is jeff why is there any doing that i don't know
um one second let me just fix one thing okay
okay can you guys still hear let me know if you guys can still hear with any luck yes yes okay
okay good good good uh i'm joe rogan i'm of course joined by joe rogan uh yeah it's a real pleasure
to be here joe um it's always a bit of a struggle existing in the studio spawning into existence
in the studio and i'm a podcast host talking about how difficult it is to spawn into existence in
your studio returning from the void uh where you exist in a state of permanent meditation
in order to uh amperate essentially into your studio of course uh we're joined today by bubba
bunch of people up there typing stuff or something that's uh that's the deal we're on some idiot guy
streamed and people send us stuff to talk to us it's a rare opportunity to talk to the joe rogan's
yeah most of the talent i'm a really important people like um oh sorry i'm sorry my fingers caught
inside of my eye my fingers caught in in the interior of my eye so i just got fixed out
really quick as you can see i like to reach under my eye to scratch it that's a great feeling
but not a lot of people know how to do they have to really meditate and void for a long time where you
can reach into your face to scratch your eyeball but it's a great feeling when you do
anyway we're also maybe it's streaming you guys can set us a stress to react to
and work with both joe rogan uh when is the gorilla punch again that's a great question um
i do believe in gorilla mind but i expect a gorilla punch would also be really good
and strong and i do support uh extreme martial arts training i um once encouraged daniel
cormier to just hop into a gorilla enclosure uh threaten the animals and absorb the punch in
order to increase his punch absorbing powers yeah he did do that he did do that and then he died
we killed the first annual cormier i had to replace him with a clone actually
i was crazy i honestly i miss the old ufc uh jeb i hurt myself today to see if i still see
that's beautiful man did um did like uh who wrote that it's like a it's like a poet yeah it like um
like iced tea right there or something that is beautiful okay uh did ai take out rogan um i
do believe that i would let ai do that yeah i mean a lot of people are really against ai but i
think we should just get on board i'm not afraid for like a bunch of tentacle chords to enter me
like in that one johnny debt movie where he becomes computer oh yeah the johnny debt movie i'm johnny
debt i'm the turning into a computer god not enough people talk with them that movie is beautiful
i my point is the second coming is most likely a robot and i'm ready for jesus or whatever it is to
fill me up with a bunch of chords and turn me into johnny debt from that ai movie uh what's the best
bowl pistol chila kiles recipe is a really good question on everybody thinks it's funny to eat
like the fattest cock you can find from the biggest animal but i've always said like find the fattest
juiciest cock you can from whatever and put it in your mouth uh and it'll make you strong yeah i mean
a lot of people you know they're afraid of words like pistol and fat cock and they don't want to
talk about shoving it into your mouth raw or cooked um but i think it's necessary for health
and i don't really see anything funny at all about jamming 10 pounds of fat cock in your
mouth um yeah uh necromancy seems hard these days almost as hard as making soup soup is not
soup shouldn't be attempted by people i believe in meats and i do even on occasion believe in
vegetables but trying to combine some of those things into some kind of broth with ingredients
is dangerous it's irresponsible we need to stop people and to stop encouraging people to do this
and this isn't an inefficient way to slurp down proteins like i do believe in protein shakes obviously
but it's ridiculous to try to supplement your meats and vegetables into a broth uh that's now
what cavemen did cavemen didn't reach dawn when they were wandering the forests with their powerful
manly cave thighs and they didn't like lower their their their mouths to the ground and slurp up
ground soup and our digestive tract is still designed for cavemen digestion so the fact
that they weren't eating soup essentially means it's poison to the modern man and every time
you're eating soup you are poisoning generations untold of your progeny and uh you should be
allowed to reproduce uh yeah that's pretty much unproper this point hey joes did jamie's behavior
improve after his week at intensive dog training unfortunately he ate the other animals yeah i mean
i know people are sensitive about eating dogs but jamie wasn't he ate all the other dogs um
he ate the fingers also of one of the trainers which that was technically their fault because
they're not supposed to get their fingers that close to an untrained jamie um but i have apologized
for he ate a lot of the plants around eight their bushes but he did damage all i've admitted
that i've admitted that in court uh we've paid to find um i bought everybody new dogs uh who
were willing to the ones who weren't being really difficult about it what training and jamie's
difficult uh i didn't expect them to do it in one go we're gonna try again um and i don't know if
we can get a muzzle on him but we'll try next time obviously we tried this time we couldn't get
the muzzle on him but i think next time i you know nobody times was it's hard to get a muzzle on a jamie
they really they're squirrelly they they flop around they have the body composition of mashed
potatoes it's difficult to put solid objects on a jamie uh but we will try next time all right
and yes that is our lawyers approved us to say that what is the deal with airline milk um
i do think if you're i don't think a plane can produce milk well i mean do milk do
airplanes have otters that you can squeeze to get airplane milk out of them
yeah maybe i i'm not look i'm not an engineer okay i don't know if i'm qualified to talk about this
obviously if a plane had big dangling otters i would stand under the plane and try to
slurp the milk out of the plane otters i haven't done that so i don't think i'm qualified to
talk about this it is your money daddy peter teal really that weird job well first of all like
it's ridiculous the way people stigmatize having a money daddy i mean do you want no money daddy do
you want uh you want a pine cone daddy like a money daddy is a good thing to have it's good for a daddy
to have money um it's nice when he lavishes you with gifts and presents and i mean it's normal for
an adult man to have a money daddy i mean look if you're lucky when you're older your daddy's
still alive my daddy uh is in the sense that my money daddy is alive so i normalize adult male
friendships normalize adult money daddies these are dangerous times where people are they're
dangerously lonely and if you know a younger man with billions of dollars of only a couple years
younger approaches you and you know he pays to keep you in a treasure chest of a spacious treasure
chest um and you feel safe in the chest then i don't see any reason why that's anyone's business that i
sleep in a treasure chest paid for by my money daddy and that one he lets me let me talk
i like it in the treasure chest and it's honestly it's called a treasure chest for a reason i'm his
little treasure uh his name is robert paulson his name is robert paulson his name is robert paulson
his name is robert paulson i have him at him though so i don't know uh do you know there's
a character in gen v based on case his butthole void anybody can think of shoving stuff in there
but guys it's a look you can't you can't ever call someone out for taking a thing
yeah look parallel thinking is a real thing except that one time that i that i decided it wasn't and
look everybody shoves everybody's got a void in their ass and i'm sorry that's just a biological
fact and not everybody you're not you don't get a no-wheel peace prize for thinking of shoving a full
bag of carrots up your butt you know it's the people have done that and it's fine for people to
to make jokes about that uh what's your highest score on omagul um zelionu uh zelionu a workout app
um i'd assume whatever like if is that how i can say in an ice bath or uh anyway i assume i
assume it'd be high has any dance move ever topped jazz hands um i like stabbing like when uh when people
in the club like dance fuck really hard i think that is better actually uh the war trump said
wouldn't happen is starting up again thanks joe oh did it start again i'm pretty sure he's
i'm a luck i don't know guys like i understand like everybody's upset that
you know you said there'd be no wars and stuff but i'd like to put it this way like there hasn't been
that much war i'd say of his presidency and nobody gives him credit for this the thing nobody
everybody's so busy casting judgment nobody gives him credit for anything nobody gives him credit
for this there's been less time we're at war in his presidency than time where we are at
there's been more not worth in war if you look if you do percentages and look i've i've been
in favor for years of doing certain amounts of math and i did some and it turns out
we've only been at war for like a 10 to 20 to maybe 30 of his presidency um and that's good
and i'm saying that's good and we just gotta give him time we just gotta give him time and also um
next question uh tim allen wrote a book about women when are you gonna write yours i have been
working on it um it's called uh screams from the toilet a story of yelling at my wife in the bathroom
well from the bathroom sorry a story of yelling at my wife from the bathroom it's sort of accumulated
wisdom that i've discovered over the years while screaming full volume at my wife while taking
his shit and sometimes i don't people say you do your best thinking on the toilet
but everyone discounts that you do your best screaming at your wife while taking his shit
and that's really sort of the i guess they call it the subtext and the text and the meta text of the
book is screaming at my wife i'm excited to finish it personally um if nasa can fake a moon landing
why can't they fake a mars landing uh feels like we're falling behind in fake technology i mean
look uh obviously we're all proud of our country's ability to lie um about accomplishing things
first let me say this america is number one when it comes to making planes or and ships that do star
stuff i'm not i'm willing to admit that now we're probably the best in the world at making star
things yeah stuff that go into sky and is for stars but like also also we obviously agree that we
fake the moon landing in the world is probably wrong but you know i'm i don't think we should
keep our minds open to the to the possibilities um so anyway i do believe that but we can i believe
two things we can be number one at space and also we can fake space better than anyone and
i just i think it's really sad that in this country we can't even get behind that anymore
uh yeah i mean i believe everything that you just said and it made a lot of sense did you get to
smell trump's full sloshy diaper when you were standing beside him at the white house well
that's ridiculous because it doesn't slosh it stays solidly pressed against his ass yeah i mean he
the thing that people don't respect enough about donald trump is that his poops come out really hard
they come out honestly you could pick his poop up and do curls with it like it comes out heavy
it comes out stiff uh it would not fracture it wouldn't fall apart he's eating a diet where
essentially he's making like cubes from future rama every time he takes it up so and and the
people don't people think the diaper is loose no it's squeezing his body and compacting it
the truck you're seeing uh that is a compact essentially he's wearing a corset but for his
thighs ass taint and crotch and it is just compacting his body as much as possible um so when
you poof there's almost no room in there um for it to spread or slosh uh so the the
smell is obviously strong it's a strong american smell absolutely and and like i and you do respect
the smell when you're around it long enough uh it is not sloshing and his mid is not making a noise
um if anything that you can subtly hear his skin screaming against the strain of the diaper um do
you and and a i rooney train on the same data sets yes i'm i still waiting for my luggage to come
from flying spear airlines when will my bags arrive i do think there's an upcharge to get your bags
arrived no um they went on a business and now they had to introduce a charge for your bags to
be released so um just contact your local bookie and place a bet and if you win the bet
um but you have to go on colchie prediction markets yeah i think the new thing is you go on
colchie you place a bet on your bag existing and if it still does and you win then you're entered
into a lottery to receive the bag uh i started a rumor that you're starring in a movie with
steven stegall and chevy chase it's true uh who will win the ufc fights this weekend
oh that's a really good question um i like the guy uh oh the guy with the tattoos
i've been saying that for a while he's a really good prospect oh why is a rooney so horny did he
do too much iver mectin no iver mectin no it doesn't do that it strips that out it strips all that
away it really it strips you down to just honestly rage there's no room to be horny when
you're as angry as iver mectin makes you you feel like a horse that's being threatened all the time
and it's a good feeling you see things more purely um it's a it's like us it's a night it's a hot
knife of pure anger uh with no room for other emotions is law of horniness um sweating
whenever emotions are so no um i have you a joe favorite comedian you stole a joke from
oh um you know weirdly i stole one from dimitri martin once and i think it flew under the radar
because just no one expected me to pull out that big piece of paper and and do such a funny drawing
but yeah i mean i took that from him i honestly but i don't consider that stealing because i think
it's funnier when i do it uh slot dragons or cum goblin slot dragons for sure thoughts on
parking on drunk guys i mean if they're drunk enough their bodies can absorb the parking
yeah it's like when you get in a car accident if you do a car parking and you're drunk enough
it's weird the person who's drunk often doesn't get hurt uh could you be a i runy in a mma fight
it depends on the how they've calibrated his robot muscles if you've ever seen the movie real steel
um then you know the answer to this and that's all i'll say and that's it that's all of them
man we should really we should really operate into this existence more often and and um and be
and be yeah not enough people be anymore i've noticed that nobody talks about this anymore
how when you're not on screen you're in the void and you don't be yeah i mean i was doing um
but what is it bufo i was doing the i was doing the toad stuff uh and um in the void and i was
thinking like man i really don't be that much i'm actually mostly in the void and i don't i really
barely get to be and i and i've been bringing that kind of realization that depth that sort of depth
of realization uh into my life and it's really it stabilized my rage mood um and it's uh it
hasn't calmed me but it's it's single eyes my iver mechton rage into an even more powerful beam
that i'm now projecting at everyone in my life and i'm going to take that energy and i i think
i'm going to take that energy to the void and i'm going to continue to finish my mental mis of book
uh stories of screaming at my wife from the toilet which i think i might just shift the title to
that i think that might describe it more accurately maybe we should call it shit scream a story of
how much my i hate my wife that's interesting that's interesting i've always considered that i
don't hate her that i'm more so scream at her to change uh screaming screaming at my wife to
change while shitting is that good shit screams to my wife maybe just wife shit
wife shit well but then it loses the screaming part
shit screams cut parentheses wife that's pretty good that's pretty solid stuff okay anyway it's
time for a guy to play video games here's brandon yeah when it takes when you want your job i'm
okay hey hi hello i gotta play nights into dreams today and i don't have a lot of time so i really
need to focus same shirt
i'm starving i gotta eat what i hunt is
barking a bigger day you don't need a bunch of shirts i gotta feel like you don't need that
many shirts my eye hurts and they bark and they wait for the moment to take what was hidden
and add to the time stop this music stop it they're playing nights into dreams okay it's a game about
sexual gestures flying um obviously last time i played it i got into some trouble because
i said something about the roman some things about the romani community that apparently you're
not supposed to and i have to say that now but anyway it's a gesture i guess or something i don't
know um it looks like i can play it legally on my second Saturn that i have right here just
a second while i load my second Saturn brick what how many headphones is too many headphones baby
uh this is um this is actually a heart monitor it's the the doctor said i have to wear it to
make sure that i sold a heartbeat because legally last time i went to the doctor apparently i was
dead apparently one bpm is not considered survivable but i feel like i'm doing fine
brand brand uh wait uh let's see we had a request for a take from me your hair is
strangely luxurious luxurious how do you achieve it don't wash it never wash it and don't cut it
and then also i mean sleep under a vent three babies in the backseat singing to you hey dj
wouldn't you play that song for me and my home and my homies all sing into it three oh three oh
three we had like a misspeak there rick i don't know what you're talking about i'm trying to explain
how my hair is like this it's annoying i wish it was flat and wet because i like the feeling of
wetness on my scalp but it's very blown out because i sleep under a radiator and event
it's mouse rat oh that's the name of my little alarm clock um
mom i'm not playing that i'm not playing karate anymore i don't enjoy it what is that what
um how do i play this i tried to load it and this appeared
this is nights into dreams but i don't quite get how it works you'll be shocked to learn
hey brand brand did you watch the michael jackson movie why am i talking so loud
thriller baby thriller mom i don't go to movies is it out on to be yet i only watch to be
let me know when it's on to be please until then i won't watch it um okay how do i get this to
play no i did a zock doc appointment um that's a doctor named zock and he
he comes to your house um in full um disease control like yellow garb and does a study of
the property for for apparently to try to discover new types of bacteria anyway um i don't live in
sleazy i appreciate you setting this but i legit don't get how you start it how does this start
mom it's not a porno game you're you're a sexual jester it's just a sex jester game
this is a mystery to me this is a real mystery to me oh this works does anyone have any ideas
like i'm clicking all sorts of stuff full screen start um what oh it's loading
didaly um sir you know what mama found the cough med medicine i'ma put play my own video game room spinner
5000 what oh shit it might work it might work live it's easy it might be working
okay is the dream real uh hearing noises you play these games and send you these links
because he knows you can't figure it out what i figured it out perfectly what do you mean new game
classic how do i know which to be this is really loud you were joined camp boys you sure people want
to see that no you i don't know okay i guess i'll be this guy because he's got blue hair and like
like my deepest inspiration for gaming ninja honestly respect to an og now he's dead and he's
old unfortunately what the fuck get out of here get away from me what what have you done to me
excuse me
me
uh how do i turn this is a 3d game right so i'm assuming there's a way to turn
wow these controls are kind of strange um
all right what is happening uh
there's no i'm hitting every button but it's not controlling the camera
it's because the analog stick doesn't work is that a is that a problem you can't change the camera oh
um mom what john michael thank you for the uh 37 months case is a better gamer than you i've never
seen you beat mines oh my god never seen me beat mine sweepers because i've been at so many times i
don't even do it anymore what the fuck just happened was that good what is supposed to be
happening was that good um no yeah they're my hard socks mom because you don't need shoes if your
socks are hard enough duh people wasting so much money on shoes it's stupid you're gonna have hard socks
okay um what the hell why is he so fast this is cheap it's like it's unfair how fast they made him
i'm out of time what was i supposed to be doing i have a dream that my four little children
are full gestures um i fell oh i it's 3d again sort of suddenly what the fuck am i supposed to be doing
i'm jumping okay what hey brand brand what's that i smell is that an that's an enemy or toto toast
am i dying this is a this is a classic game a beloved and classic game
what the fuck is this thing what where am i supposed to go oh is it in here
hello i'm into my dreams please mom did you just fart into my door again i'm literally playing
the classic game night into dreams and you're farting into my door do you know how disrespectful
that is it's a world of magic and wonder it's a it's a dream world of sexual gestures i'm trying to
remember if the original game had this kind of barely loaded time warping soundtrack i legitimately
have no idea what to do or where to go it's pointing towards this thing but why and like and what
but brandon you just gotta believe in yourself son i feel like i'm a flyer i love you door
what the mom you are ruining my life stop farting in my door oh my god i'm drowning i'm
fucking drowning in my dreams all right just do whatever you're gonna do to me do whatever you're
gonna do to me i don't even care night over that was night it was daytime documentary rick why'd you
even watch it okay one destroy idea capture with 20 blue chips what is idea two advance next course
by setting recovered idea on idea palace what that's their explanation what what maybe if i'm
clarris this will make more sense it's a new day yes it is uh but but brick why did you sound like that
brick what the hell stop leave me alone who are those things oh my god oh my god okay
just go up the mountain become the night into dreams mom it's my natural smell it smells good if you
if you if you have like a actual like taste for scent like i do i've developed a taste for scent
you just you're you're like you don't have an uncultured nose okay what is that the palace
i feel like i'm getting sick and not in the usual way where the doctor says i'm legally dead
rick you're this is a classic dream you just some dreams start slow okay it says i need 20 blue
chips to recover my idea so leave me alone gas creature is that did i do it okay i won i guess i won
oh i'm still a lot what way faster when flying so you don't hit the timer i need to go way faster
but to do what okay uh oh i'm still going what what how do you know when it's over it was a long day
i walked home i am sweaty a short poem by melody von torture that's beautiful melody i i really i like that
i like short poems and that's my main criteria okay i'm i'm freaking booking it now yeah take that
um building oh well fuck you what what is that bird doing there oh my god leave me alone gas duck
oh it sped me up i think
brand next time you gotta play metal
they got a monkey with a machine gun and camels that shoot missiles okay that is
no i lost that sponsorship i was sponsored by iranian missiles for a minute but apparently i got
countered by the cia and that's illegal i guess so but honestly they're high quality ballistic
missiles so i do stand behind that at least um shit am i am i not hitting when i
brick are you okay brick are you dying what's happening don't worry brick i'm doing well at
night into dreams i think it's sort of like if mario 64 made you um feel like you have diarrhea just
by playing it and i know what it's like to have diarrhea mom that you better have been dusting
while you did that and not just farting because that's abusive i'm it's is it just one continuous level
forever why does it say three mere behind there's like through your third nightmare what what is this
yeah send me on my way that's a dream what mom did you just try to pass off your fart by being
by saying i'm in a dream oh my god this music the music leaves a little bit to be desired because
it sounds like i'm watching like youtube poop in 2009 um oh my god okay is there just a phone going off
okay okay like a new stage of pattern on a Wednesday what i'm trying to say is that you're not adopted
then hold that one in for years baby do you mean like i i didn't win what what happened a four link
eleven link oh no i got my penis stuck in the oven door thank ai runy brick don't do the things he says
don't do the don't try the activities he promotes please they're not safe like i shouldn't that shouldn't
have to be a ps a that should be obvious all right where the fuck am i what is happening what is this
get in there dude that's got points for doing a small loop is that good i'm a pro at mind sweeper
i've picked up minds in the jungle during my missions and put them in my inventory holy
shit my enemies take one there's more it's unarmed brick what did you just die the brick just die
what is with these beeps why do i have a fucking brick phone that's beeping at me what is what is this
oh my god i'm dying i think i'm dying i did i die am i in hell did you know it really is fun to
stay at the ymca ymca ymca rick be careful you're working out too hard rick you don't want to work out this
hard you'll get tired um i have 19 blue balls is that enough blue balls now i'm up to 24 blue balls
okay that destroyed the the idea palace does that mean i win thank god for the new day okay i filled up
all the things hey uh form the jungle baby and that's the end of the game now we just vibe out
that's beautiful man i do hate music it's one of my least favorite parts of that segment there
when you beat night's into dreams and then that music goes and you have to vibe out medicine is the
mama most important meal of the day you needed to play this game rick are you stressed at work
don't burp into your comms i think he's developing a stutter i think he's stressed
all right that's it i think i beat it i i legitimately feel like i have diarrhea so i have to go like i think
that inflamed my ibs and it was very inflamed already it is mostly inflamed on there
if you're turned to play okay you can you john michael you can play now uh i'm gonna send it back
to the news elp bram got a little too drunk i got back to my old poke a peddler day do not fart into the
door i sold him as cheap weed boom i don't know what she's talking she didn't fart in the door so that's
a win all right look apparently this is a news show or something so i'm sending it back to the
newsroom i have to take a i have to die area even though it comes out hard for me mom i have to
go i'm not gonna make it this is gonna be bad uh oh hey brand brand don't step out here for a while
just getting farted into a transition it's very appropriate for this dream
all right this is still on my screen for the record brick what do you want brick still at
boom wow that was beautiful brick's getting into um experimental music okay um who should we raid
looks like razz lol is on so that'll work for me uh okay the break is love is a curious thing
oh that's it it's all ahead for us guys have a beautiful rest of your night
i do have to go so i'm gonna i'm gonna start the raid early no secret stream action today i'm so sorry
we'll be back on wednesday we won't be in on friday because i'm gonna be out of town this weekend
but you know we got one more in the tank for this week have a great uh monday tuesday we'll
see you soon it's just a case raid of razz uh have fun and see you soon bye bye
oh brick it's my turn to play gtfo they're fighting in brandon's room i