Whoa
We're live
You can still ask me a question. Yeah invest tip. Can I ask chat?
What's the what's the quote again? Hello everybody? So Kendall's working a job
This is a fit. This is a line. She has to punch up. I'm at a loss. The line is if you're in the crypto
Wait, what is it? I've got the t on an investment tip. Oh
If you're in the crypto, let me put you on to an investment tip
What's a better way to say that?
and
The way can't be don't say it
I understand the instinct, but you have to say it
Crypto Kendall. I'm Kendall and if you love crypto, I'm Kendall
Hello, everyone. No pre-stream. I'm just going straight into this game. In fact, I'm not even I was too lazy to turn on my snap camera
So the game's gonna be
Normally normal-looking. Oh, I saw this effect though, you know, we'll leave the effect. I
Just I'm I'm
Broadcasting the space
ABCP says hooked
All right, so it already worked
If you're into crypto, that's a rough start. It if you're in the crypto, here's a no cap
Lit
I don't know how to be
Yeah, but I'm not I'm not Gen Z enough for this if you're into crypto
You like crypto, you'll love crypto cats
If uh
Looking for an investment tip on crypto. I got the whatever I got the blank losing boatloads of money on crypto
Maybe not after this
Did crypto make it so your kids can never go to college?
Well educate yourself on this thing that will resurrect some of your finances
If you think crypto is riz prepared it just that's from my brother who's a better writer than me
Kendall will give you
Not my brother Kendall says she'll give you 10 bucks if you can punch that line up
I feel
Unpunchable
Well, I feel punchable. I feel like I can't punch it up
Also, ryan if you a terminator whoa, not my brother
Whoa
Oh, wait, are you ringing an echo?
What no
Why am I hearing an echo?
Oh, no, I'm not for a love of god. I'm so stressed. Just give me a good line guys. I swear to god
Wait, I hear
Guys, I'm so stressed. They already think I'm fucking fresh out of college
Wait, what where am I? Where am I hearing Kendall?
Uh, she's coming out of my mic
Oh, okay. Okay. I'm also hearing your headphones
If you're into crypto come get this brick dough
That's pretty good. They make posture shockers
How do I get your version? Oh, wait, oh malco
Malco you need to download the mod I pulled on I need to put
I'm putting the link again in chat
I think I help it. I'm putting the link. He's gonna say not my brother
What's a posture shocker?
Chad, are you hearing an echo too on my voice? No, I'm not. I'm not
Is it is it my fault? I doubt it
Okay, this is potentially legitimate
Suborbital
Thank you for the re-subscription. You're the best
I've heard of people having their nose broken from eating pussy. He is very loud. Okay from eating pussy
Okay, so it's quiet
I'm quiet
No, I'm trying to figure out my volumes
Is it somehow coming out of my headphones into the mic?
Okay, well now it should not be
Fiona
Yes, is john coming or is
Not john not I attempted to get all my friends in on this, but they wouldn't I was gonna say not my brother
Okay, my brother if you have access to a decently powered computer, which I know you might not
It doesn't have to be very strong, but you could play this too
If you only can play this any computer to play this wait am I quite on my
You're right. Okay, because yes my pc's a piece of shit. Thank you xeria for
Reminding me about how much of a piece of shit my computers. I know I know
I know what I have change this in game
There we go. How about down here? Yeah
Okay, I don't mean to me
Everyone's so so mean to me everyone doesn't understand how it is to be me and how it is
How it is to have a bad computer
No one gets me no one understands me
Yeah, if you want us having a rough go guys
Well, no one understands the struggles I go through and what I have to do it. No one gets it. No one understands
You can't feel better staring at a wall
This is where I sit
Sorry, I took you. I took your spot
Sorry, I took your spot. Can we go grab some scrap already?
Um, well, we have to wait for people right or do not. Oh, I don't know. I don't know who's coming
Okay, let's just fucking go I guess
If anybody in chat wants to play I think you can
I have to add them out as
We would have to add you and you'd have to have this game and you'd also have to have a mod
You have to have the mod you have that there's a lot of things. Okay. So we actually need a lot of money now
Shit, we actually we have so much money. Should we buy things?
I mean, I think you can't win this game right or can you
We can wait I can win this game a miracle says they have the mod. Can we add them?
Yeah, you're good. I'm well, you have to add me as a friend
Ken yay west. Thank you for the re-subscription
America, I think the thing to do would be go to the if you have our discord the cream team discord
Go in there and message Fiona. Would that work? No, I'm gonna find I'm gonna I'm just gonna put my friend code
Um, oh discord. She's putting the fruit in the robbie's market
Dude, I would have so many friends after this
We can't wait to have all these friends. She's just they have a pending invite to her. I guess I guess she's putting her. Oh, what's it called?
I don't know
Um, did you already put your code in the discord?
What
America apparently Fiona's putting her code in the cream team discord for steam. I think so you can
It's gonna be like facebook. It truly is dude. I was fucking popping in on facebook
Just adding any what I can there's a pending in your steam from a miracle x or whatever your
Name is in to steam
I don't see any a miracle
In my steam it might be something else. America. Do you have a different name in steam?
The miracle so so you have a mod for for more people that are playing with three people. Yes
Well, we lost friends. We lost friends
We again, I I can't emphasize enough. We were truly
I only know for about four people. Yeah, that's our burden
Hi, that guy named Gila. What's up?
My burden to bear is that I only know three people
But she's fucking all of them. Whoa, we got a screw
the double Fiona
Uh, it's lethal company. Can you win roguelikes? What does that mean? I don't know what that means
Um, okay
I don't know. Did you find any any pending invites invite to game
And then I'm inviting to game. Oh
Oh, fuck. Yes, I hope and another person a miracle
I want to know
Hell yes, we got five people now
How can we stop?
How many fucking people are here the modulus keeps going off for me?
Yeah, why is there why is the modulus happening? I don't know. It'll stop
um
You think so
If anybody else wants to join let us know
Yeah, I just added. I just fucking I'm just fucking I'm just fucking
I'm
People
We have a mirror and we have
Oh great, it stopped. Yeah
This is the most we've ever been. We could be 40
If we can find 40 people we could be 40. I just don't know 40 people. It's just not gonna happen
I don't I definitely don't know 40 people who would play this. I barely know 40 people
I need to change my category
To cheat us because we're cheating with mods
Okay, so let's go. We're gonna go to assurance right now
And we're just gonna fucking
Fucking kill it there
Oh, baby
And then we're gonna purchase items. Okay. Wow
Because we have money. Oh, we have money to spend
By this update category
You what? I updated the category for you. Oh, melko. You're the best. You're the best
I'm trying to be
Thank you so much
You did what?
Oh, I updated my category too
Oh, like a real pro like a real pro. Okay, ready. Let's land this and let's start fucking scrounging the earth
Let's go fuck some jellies
You cut off right when you said let's go fuck. That's basically all I said
Let's go. Yeah, let's go fuck. It's time to finally go fuck
Well, I'm taking a flash time to fuck. Uh, so we have flashlights
Do we need to buy things? It is echoey as hell out here. Um
store
um by
by
Three walk key. We don't need walkies. He's right. I mean we never get much auto
We're so bad at that. I'm gonna. Yeah
I'm gonna buy I'm gonna buy
um
Dude, I can buy lock pickers
Wow
I'm gonna buy three
lock
pickers
I'm gonna run away confirm
Okay
I'll sprint thing off to see if I still hear this echo. Oh, I don't okay, so it is
It's somebody else. Okay. I feel blameless
store
uh
Let's buy three pro
Flashlights
I do have one. I already have these two
I'm getting I'm getting a bunch. We have so much. Excuse me miss miss. Excuse me. Oh, let's get it. We got to get it
Excuse me miss time to go. You have alcohol in your breath miss
Right, we got to go. Let's go. How are we gonna get up there? There's
all the pumpkins noise
Oh my god, this is a disaster
Picker. This is my god
Get the lock picker
Okay, I got it. I got it
What if I can die from that?
I don't know. I might start going actually. Yeah, we're gonna die if we don't do stuff
Oh another delivery. Whoa
What's up
flashlight
More flashlights. Yeah, let's go flashlight. Oh, there's something hunting me down. Let's make sure flashlight
Um, I got three
This is an easy viewing experience for everyone. No, I'm okay. I can follow whoever
I'll put this in the ship. I love this thing. I want to ride this up. Okay, cool. Send me to space
Yeah, if you have extra flashlight store it, so oh be careful
Jesus, okay, we got we got to go though. We got to start like going. Oh, I'm falling
Fiona died
I'm almost done
Where is everyone?
This way looks like it's this way
Which way this way?
Okay, let's go. Well, we'll die if we jump off there, but it looks like you can see where we need to go over here, at least
Oh, cool. Um
Yeah, we gotta go around. Okay, let's go around
Uh-oh, I'm all alone
Okay, they're back
I can't help it that I'm an elite commando
Okay
That looks like an entrance
Uh, yeah
I think if we go up this ladder over here, which their hat. Yeah, there it is
Up there. Oh, there's also deadly creatures. Let's see if they kill me
Oh, damn. You're going all the way up there. I don't think it's there. Well, uh, you can get to an entrance. Yeah, this is the way you go
Oh, this is the way to go. Okay
And 1080
I'm so athletic
Fire exit
I found a beautiful entrance. That's an exit. Okay. Everything seems fine
Um, there's a less than pleasant noise
Oh
I escaped
I feel fine chat. Look, my health is pretty good
Hey phantom spaceman should I want to want to should I go in and get eaten by a bug?
Jesus, it's right there
All right. I got to go in through the other entrance
It's my only chance
Come on bug world. Don't kill me
I'm just a pumpkin farmer who's lost
Look at all of the beautiful pumpkins. I've grown for this planet. Oh god the bees
That's true. I do kind of want I do kind of crave to be consumed by bugs microphone 900
Oh, it's a toss-up between playing the game right and getting consumed by bugs
All right. I wonder how many of them died
Okay, I don't love these noises
Really don't love these noises
All right, we're going for the big jump 1080
Tony Hawk pro skater. Oh, yeah
Do it for pumpkin head. Maybe I can find pumpkin head. They gotta put him in the game. Come on. So no, no
That's the jump I couldn't make
I'm gonna get eaten by bugs
It's a bug. It's a ugly planet guys. You know what that means. It's a bug planet
I'm so far being
I'm not laziest, but I am most useless for sure
All right. I fear no bug
please
Tony Hawk 2.0
And now we easily make the jump and nailed it stuck the landing gymnast 10 000 points
55 bucks for bottles cookie mold pan 35
But it's an item. Okay. Oh boy, this is not I open this clearly secret door. Let's take it. Let's take some bottles
I don't want to stick
Okay, yeah, let's just go back. What's up? Were these your guys bottles?
No, look, it's I guess exterminators the one that died
I had to go all the way around to escape the bug
But I found a cookie sheet in these bottles and there's one more bottle down there
If if anybody wants to grab a bottle
I'm gonna run this back before I get consumed by monsters
Which I don't want Chad
Oh
I'm pretty sure I need to not oh, yeah getting late anyway get consumed by monsters
That's right
We're going the right way
Oh, the bee bit your bottom and now your bottom's big. Oh, we're so close
Oh my god, there's a ghost Fiona out here
Hello everyone
Wow, you guys did so much today. I got scared and left
I got scared and left
Do-do-do-do-do back in my corner where I feel safe
V I think um, do you have audio playing externally at your place?
No, no, okay. Yeah, exterminator's dead. Uh exterminator's dead. Really? Is he?
Someone is yeah, okay. Well, I watch someone get wrapped up by the spotter. Hmm. Okay, so we leave
I'm leaving
Yay, everyone. Good job. Wait. Are we missing one? Oh, no, you're here. Okay. I'm so scared
I thought we left you
Yeah, let's find out her boss is my age so
created a moral panic
Wow guys, good job everyone
Good job, everyone. We're doing what they can
Um
Yay
Oh, you guys really you guys fucking fucking cleaned up exterminator. Are you okay?
How are you feeling exterminator?
You're dead. Well, you're alive. I hear you. You're back. I'm so happy
Uh, hello skull meat
I miss you push the talk you did what a second finally come off push the talk
Yum waiting for the crew
Yeah, I just got back from our concert that my niece was in
Oh, how was it?
Uh, it was middle school. So it's kind of terrible
Oh, okay. Well, that's fair
That's so fair. Um, okay, everyone off we go
From up here at all we look clear. We're clear
Yeah, I have my lock picker. That's all I need. Oh nice still got my stuff. So
Hell, yeah, if that giant bug couldn't kill us nothing can kill us, right?
What bug? There's a big old wealth. There was an arachnid. Oh the spider
Apparently you can buy a weapon phantom spaceman. We just
Can't afford it because we're
Broken constantly dying
No child prodigy, no child prodigy
Child prodigies, I wish I was I think my flashlight
Now apparently these days say they do surveys to see what the kid wants to play instead of like testing the actual musical ability
Really? Yeah
If you're good at violin you have to play it through legal responsibility
You don't believe you believe that you have to play island. I found a log you guys. Yeah
I found a log in the wild. Also, I'm blowing me to hell down
Hmm, is anybody else's flashlight dead?
Oh, you didn't charge it
Shut up. Oh, well, I love the dark
I was born
There's a ghost girl in here. It sounds like theona
I'm here
Wait, Avaly, Gina and Ian are playing. Can we get them to just play the same game?
Oh, could they come and join us?
I
Did Fiona die?
Oh my god, there's also a fucking monster. There's a monster
I think that one just deals shit
I almost died
Wait, Fiona text Avaly or Gina
Wait text who? Avaly or Gina tell them to play with us here. I'll text them with on a group thread with you
You don't like me guys. I don't know what game I'm scared. I can't see
Yeah, I'm pretty sure
Avaly has Fiona
Literally, Avaly doesn't like me. No, you're fine. I think that one doesn't really play much
Well, what's that?
I hear something. It's time to go guys
Fuck
I'm not playing well
Yes, you need to show me something we can have beef we can be four black people if you think about
Oh god, there it is. Oh my god
See I went the wrong way
As I think it's time to like go
Well, you haven't got anything yet
Is there a bug behind us? What?
You good?
I have no idea. If you don't know there there there there there the shadow person's there
You mean your shadow?
The shadow person is at the entrance. Well, I gotta stop that
What does that do?
I'm gonna hit it. Should I grab this?
Yes, grab it grab it everyone crazy. Okay. Okay guys. We have to start going
Wait, there's a cookie mold fan
Okay
I can't take it. I can take it. All right. Did you take it? No, you got it. Yes
Okay, you got it. Okay. Let's go
All right guys, if I run this back and don't die, I'll be the hero might not want to take that bridge
Okay, what the fuck? Okay, holy shit. All right, let's go
I try to integrate
Yes, we gotta we gotta get the fuck out of here
Let's stop it. Oh, thank you guys. I saw three different monsters and none of you guys want to know
I think that's crazy. I think that's looking crazy
So smooth which way is the right way?
Um
This should be somewhere around this street. I see it a little bit to the left
So far this just seems like a fun hiking game. No problems
Yeah, right
Fun hiking game
They did shame my bridge choice geimer
Even though they know I love that bridge
No one died except i'm stuck
I get the torture flashlight. I can't get up. Why can't I?
Oh
Where do you charge the flashlight? Uh, thank you right here
I'm gonna store this item. Oh, there's something
What's happening
I heard footsteps. I didn't just have a maybe it's just time to fucking go
We're missing out enough
We got everyone. We're good. No, everyone's here. Let's have a wild guy cleaned up cleaned up
Good fucking job everyone
All right, let's see. We're still behind quota though. Yeah, I don't know if I've been walking around
You guys should make
Okay, I'm texting the group
Do you guys have the mod
Okay, they don't want to play with us
Okay
I also just totally text message the wrong in in my phone. Huh? Um, okay. What am I what am I seeing?
What am I playing? What are we doing?
Um, okay moves
We got a moves. Uh, oh every single moon is, um
Bad
What do we do
Hey john michael, thank you
Do you want to do eclipsed is what's better for you stormy eclipsed or foggy foggy impossible
We can just do we're gonna say fuck it do an eclipse run with
Yeah
I was sending them a text message need about
Is using my cellular phone to text mr. Wooby-booby
What
Oh, we need 80 really well we have 80 for this, uh, yellow thingy. Oh, yeah, this thing is 80
Yeah, this is then this is the future. This is how you're going to charge your iphone in a year
At this new 90s are open current john michael said oddly doesn't hate everyone just you and that's you're so right
It's okay. I'm fine. I've accepted this. I I will never accept
It's okay. I'm advocating for peace
Peace don't forget to charge. Well, you don't forget to leave your stuff
When will I be creating everyone waiting for crew? Why does it say waiting for crew?
I see it too. I see it as well. What does this mean? That's what I see
No lethal company don't break on us
Okay, there we go. We get there to get the seed
Oh my god, where the hell am I gonna watch everyone? What the hell? Oh guys, I might be in trouble here in the wall
Holy shit. There's also a monster attacking me
What the fuck was that I've become a wall man
What the fuck? Oh
I mean, he's dead
He's on you. Oh, what are they doing?
They're leaving me behind. Oh, that's so fucked up
Well gone, but not forgotten. I was still alive you fuckers
Holy shit, what happened? What was that? I'll start a dog things
It came it came into our ship god damn it. I was still alive guys
Case there was no way we could have gone
We could have just waited for it to leave by being quiet. What do you mean in the ship? It would have eaten us all
Yeah, just closed the door
Absolutely not
Okay, I also attracted my sound. Okay. The betrayal is real. I have to be pretty back
We're gonna go sell everything now
All right, we're gonna lose. The only hope is that what do you mean we're gonna lose?
Our apparatus has worked more than 80. That's the only possible way we could make this happen
Wait, we lost? What do you mean? We're so much
We don't have enough
There's no way. Oh wait. We might actually do. Yeah, we do
It's not uh grabbing a air horn and it's a cookie mold pan in here. Yeah, there it is
Scan to get 298
Yeah, we'll be great
But you guys shouldn't have bailed on that last one
This is gonna be so fun
I did not lose case
I was abandoned so hard
You were not
You were not you you phased through the wall
Apparently if you ring the bell too many times a monster pops out and eats you
I did not treat case like oddly oddly just doesn't want to hang out with me and that's fine
I'm okay with that
Whatever i'm going in my hole
I'm going in my hatch hole
Nobody loves me. All I love is this hole
Oh the ocean
Listen to them talking shit about me up there. They don't even know I can hear them
But I can hear them
There's nothing down on my hole. My hole was useless
Everybody does love a good hole. Don't leave without me
That shit opened up so fast
That shit was about to eat you
That was gonna eat you
I did not abandon case like pepito
He checked there we go. Hell yeah guys. Good job everyone. This was a good
Good, okay. Um, so eclipse so never go to a land that's eclipsed, huh? That's the lesson of the fucking day, huh?
That's crazy
Well, all I want to do is play
I don't even know. I don't think if you're ever well equipped for that. Are you ever well equipped for that?
If you have a stun gun a stun grenade
Maybe
I mean, there's absolutely no way i'm going to an eclipsed place
That was crazy. I lost my I lost my flashlight
You lost it because I was murdered didn't say to store your stuff. Oh, you didn't sell that
Okay
Case I will say there was no way to save you
I was fine when you left that was when you guys left the monster was gone
And I was walking around
No, it was in the ship with us. Well, that's your guys problem. You should try to escape
I
You should have run for it so we can heroically grab cookie pots. You're right. You're right. You're so
So should we go to an island that or moon that um, we pay money for yeah, let's fucking drop some
How much is rent?
Oh, it's fine. No, we don't even have enough money
Okay, well, let's go to a shitty moon. We'll get port of stun gun now, right? Yeah
And then we can stun the shadow people
um
A route
experimentation
and firm
Okay, so store
So i'm gonna buy a stun grenade. How many?
I'll say stun gun. That's stun grenade. Oh, um, sun a zap gun. That's 400. Who who who is
Okay, if I buy this this is like most of our money
Don't buy it. I don't think we'll just die anyway. We don't know how to fight these things
I get the okay the ship upgrades. I can put a loud horn in the ship. What's there?
I think we just need flashlights and to accept that two or three of us will die
Okay, so we're all flashlights. How many should I get? I'm gonna get like
Five
Yeah, now we're primed by
Do we even have any
Okay, fine. So three people. We really only need two
I don't I don't have it
I had a one that I loved it was my favorite part of the game
I didn't hear the problems
What the fuck I bought a romantic table
Who can we get can we what the hell?
You bought a romantic table. I did. This is beautiful. Wait, is this like a this is a menorah
Yeah, this is so we feel better on the ship. Oh, thanks guys. This is great
Oh
Christmas menorah, oh Christmas menorah, so what should I get? Just get me a flashlight. That's my only request
Okay, fine. I'm getting four
okay by
four stun grenades
She spent 120 on this romantic. How many of the flashlights are gay? I did. I did. I did. I did. That's actually
I
One pro flashlight
Then that's it. That's all I'm buying. All right
I think so. Okay. Let's land now
Waiting for crew
I will say the hardest the hardest part of this game is buying things because no one can agree with what's what the fuck's about a jetpack
We got to save up for jetpack. Maybe now if the monsters enter our ship instead of eating us
We'll sit down and have dinner with us. That would be nice. Okay. I just thought this was
Bring up the volume. If you spend 120 on the romance table, this is a B
Okay, that's great, right? I don't know what that means. No, that's bad. Oh, it's bad. Why is that bad?
It's good if you want money probably
How much is blue for the whole crew? Sorry, bullet
Well, okay, it's coming down. I don't know where though
My guess 600
Face on these prices. This is a world where economics have fallen apart cooking shoots are worth 30
But it costs 100 each. What are you talking about 600? Oh, I'm just making shit up
Um pro flashlight and a stun grenade here my mentor is full
What what do you have in your pockets? I have a key a stop sign
Okay, somebody more competent than we should take the flat the flash grenade
Okay, I'm gonna put back the stun grenade. It's over here
Oh a ladder
Don't mind me folks
I think it's over here. You just throw it. Yeah
That is actually pretty realistic conversion rate skimer
One nice cookie sheet and you just buy a nice table for your apartment just like in the real world
Will I die over here? Hello
Friends
Friendship love and peace
Oh
I'm in the wrong they went the other way and they were probably right
But this felt exciting and secret
My style of play is important because I I'm checking the corners of the map somebody's got to do that
You know, I'm like the scout
How many cookie sheets do you need to be successful in life seven?
Yeah, by the time you have enough for a table and like three fourths
You're rich
I'm trying to contribute to the horror atmosphere. Oh my god. My guy is so slow. It's flashlight is weighing him down
Okay, time to make myself useful
Here in some spooky doors
I'm guessing that's not friendly gas. Okay, I'm gonna leave
You guys run into that gas room yet full of gas
You guys know what this gas is all about
Nope, should I find out?
Should we walk into it when we die? I've turned off the gas
Whoa, look at that
Oh
There's a bug
Behind me
Can't see
I'm done. I'm gonna flash that. I have a flashlight. Great. I still have my grenade in my hand. Me too
Where is it?
Oh, I think I took damage though. Me too. Where are we going? Oh, I think it took somebody
Oh, you're killing somebody. Oh, it's Jason. It's Jason somebody
I don't know how to get out of here. It's going the opposite way. Yeah, I'm sorry to forget it out
There's a key. Oh
That ship's gonna leave without us. We have to go
Well, how do you go here? I don't know
Oh
Watch out for a spider web
I definitely remember coming down these stairs though. Right here too. Wait, what are you doing?
I don't know. I was trying to see what those did and I don't think I helped touch the spider web
My flashlight's about to die. Okay
We need to get out of here. Spider's there. It's right there. Should I kill it? I don't know
Uh, don't touch that
Maybe you got to beat it with that stop sign. Do we have to go this way? I don't think so
What just happened
Maybe I was out of it
Uh, should we just sprint by it and hope for the best?
Sneak by it? Are we supposed to go this way? I feel like we would have seen these spider webs
Well, I think it came out recently. It like lays spider webs. Maybe we can just walk by it
You go first and it comes down. I'll attack it
I made it
Okay, not ideal. What the fuck do we get out of here? The hell is everything?
Oh
I'm guessing this is this is it. This is curtains for me. Hey anybody
Anybody feeling friendly?
It seemed to somehow be alive
Friends
I became a spider
Damn, I had a key
There was a bug on your head
There was a bug on your head
The exterminator's got to abandon us. Yeah, it's time to go. Tell us. Well, we can just tell autopilot ship to live early
Oh, it died
Where was the funding exit to that place? I'm holding
Vote for ship to leave early. That's what it means pretty quickly
Right, how do you leave early? Oh our out of hell he found the ship
I don't know how he fucking I don't know how he fucking did it
What do you hold to tell the leaves ship to leave early right directly?
Right mouse button. I can't get in
It's time to go
Damn, we're gonna have to do pretty well at the next couple planets
Well, yeah
Fuck
I we thought we stayed there for way too long. We were there for a bit. We were there for quite a bit
That's an oopsie chat. I did an oopsie
That's an oopsie
I'll admit it. So that I got you see it killed you by a bug
And we're back. All right. All right
All right, let's pick the easy one
That was an easy planet. No, that was hard. You guys are mistaken
Not
Route to route assurance
Confirm
Yes, absolutely anything for you
I've lost the right to demand a flashlight from losing to
Refuse to give case of flashlight
Although you you murdered one of the flashlights
Flashlights away from me with your okay. That's fair. That's fair. But to be fair that was that that we could have lost
A lot more than just the flashlights
Um, let's land this
We lost a lockpick too
And I had a key I lost the lockpick. Yes, but is there not a lockpick stored in there or
We got nothing in here. Let's get the Xermas walker to pro flash
Buy two buy two pro flashlights
What do you mean? I can't afford this
Broke 45 credits. What happened to all my credits? You spent it on a romantic table
The table was really expensive
No, there's no way I had more money. I had more money. Why do I have 45 credits right now? Okay, fine. Let's just go
I'm getting I'm gonna get at least I'm getting I'm getting a mere one profile site
And it's just for you
Don't give it to anyone else
It got a flashlight for you. It's it's on its way
It's on its way
Did everyone get uh
What
You know, I tried to scan the spider and I killed by a spider. Yeah, I think I might have killed you a while
I was trying to attack the spider a little baby spider face huggered me. They bought the table
There was a centipede
Oh, let's go get it
It's for this is for
mirror
Where is it?
It's here
Mirror, where are you?
Here you here. I got it for you
All right, I'm out of here. I'm not gonna drop that's for you. I'm going solo
Let's go. I feel like I'm being held back
I'm being held back
I'm fucking going solo. I'm starting my own business venture
They'll never catch me. They're not they're not quick enough to figure out that where this ladder is
Surely they don't know that I'm going up this ladder
I'm fucking starting my own business. It's called cookie tech. All we're looking for is cookie products
No, no cookie tech's up to a rough start. No, damn it
He just left he's he's he's being really he's being like pipito right now
I can't be abandoned if I'm alone
Okay, tony hawk proscaded
Pro skated everybody pro rated this time. No bug can stop me. Oh god. I almost killed myself immediately
We're already off to a good start. Wait a minute. I'm already lost
I take it back about being off to a good start. I'm oh there it is
Boom, okay
Maybe I should go home. You know what? I'm gonna take it back. It's not that far. It's guaranteed income
I'm a pro at this desert. I know exactly where to go
Oh, my friend griff might play you you guys know griff. Maybe possibly
Todd sausage himself. I gotta send my friend griff the link
Boom $27 not very good, but
You know
But you know
Okay, if we can get griffin in here now we got
Six people
It's over for these bugs
These bugs aren't gonna know what hit them. You just need nine more cookie sheets. All I want is a jetpack
All I really want is a jetpack
It is getting dark
Getting very dark
Okay, that's leave me alone
Leave me alone
bird
I said stop it
I scared him off with my voice
No, no, why does this happen every time?
What is the meaning of this?
The scariest thing in the game is that fucking cliff and that jump
All of my noises
are attracting more bird bugs
The sequel to bird box bird bugs
Please make it. Yes. Okay easy easy game easy life
Easy wife, you know what I mean? They're gonna leave without me, aren't they?
Because they don't respect independent businessmen
The rest of my so-called team
Oh, baby. Check this shit out. Who's the one who found a bell? Me
All right, maybe I should quit while I'm ahead and by ahead I mean I found two things that are of very low value
No, that's what quitters do
Are they all back? A little more greedy. It's a little more greedy
It's too dark. I'm giving up. I quit. I quit the game
Let me out
Drive to survive
Okay, now I just need there not to be a giant monster that wants to kill me
Chat don't be loud. It attracts monsters
I made it
Case
I'm this is a solo venture. So I want my stuff put to the side, please
Case
No, I'm just an independent capitalist
Case are you being are you being a lone wolf right now?
I'm a lone wolf. Look I found this lone wolf to uh hairbrush. I think I saw someone nearby
Oh, is somebody still there? I think I saw an item on the map nearby when
Damn it. No, you're not gonna go grab it. Oh, do we lose people? No, I hear a monster
Oh dead dead like truly dead. Is that a monster? Yeah
Okay, what was that?
You ought to be quiet
What do you mean? You ought to be quiet
You ought to be quiet
Yeah, that was a dog monster just came out of nowhere
Hello, like what is going on? We are having some rough worlds here. Truly
Okay, this is our last day
No, I have this is our last day. We can go to one more world now
What should we 400
I have a we absolutely can where should we go should we go to val or march?
Let's go to beaver creek
March beaver creek march. Okay
So you said val which is the name of ski resort
I thought you said beaver creek. I do think we should go to beaver creek. That's a real place. I love beaver creek
Or I I know about it. Let's go to beaver creek
I'm down I'm down and you can take all these cool photos of yourself as a snowboarder
Dude, hell. Yes. Hell. Yes
Dude, this table is beautiful. I take it back
It lightens
The table was the table was needed
I think it wards off monsters
You remember cast some begging and pleading with us to rp with them
Yeah, but it was so complicated and then also I I just wanted to go to not
I would exterminate what happened. I really considered our being and then I got so confused by one downloader and I just know what happened
Well, you just died remember
Oh, yeah, I got killed by
You said you're a spotter out there
You want your body
Wait, where's exterminator? He decided to start a solo venture like me
No exterminator. No solos guys. No solos. We have to be a team
We have to be a team exterminator. Why are you leaving us?
Is he I think it might just be staying on the ship. He's here. He's here. Okay
We have to be a team. Don't you guys understand? Yeah, it's works out so well
Oh god, I'm gonna die. No
God damn it
Oh
If I had been going solo, you know, that shit would have never happened
Did he actually just die?
There was I was so close
I'm gonna watch the team brought me down. You guys saw it. Don't you dare go to all that team where it killed me immediately
I actually cried live on stream. I'll cry
We're gonna die or we're fucked. We're not making quota
It doesn't matter how many cookie sheets they find it's over. I'll cry on stream if you believe me for oddly stream. I really will
Don't know because I don't want you thinking that it's better
Anyways, I got this. I bet they don't have a table
Okay, but the table was for fun and and you guys like it now
Oh, I should ask my friend ricky peacock if you want to you guys like the table now
I'm gonna go ask ricky peacock if he wants to
It's probably game. We already have well now. It's like a friend thing, you know
It's like a like a friendship bracelet. No, he's playing mario rpg. I can't interrupt an actual good game
Will we will we lose the table?
There's no way I don't believe it that table is there forever
How's Ovali doing another fire exit? They're doing a better job with the game. I can tell us
They just got a grade C that's higher than we've ever gotten. Okay here
here
You turn off kill tony to watch this you can't I can't be blamed for that
Damn a lot of fire exits, huh?
Just remember I have to go back to the other fire exit
That has my mine. Oh, I do have a nice couch on the way to propaganda
I'm excited downstairs. Wait, I don't know
Are you gonna take that?
Okay, extremist gonna take that to the other. I should probably take the bottles to the chip
Because I can stop playing soon
You want to play a room come with you because I can't see shit. Yeah help. Do you guys? Do you remember where it was?
Uh further
Is it here get some frustration out from the day? No, it's not this. Oh, no, it is this
Okay, I'm I'm grabbing this. I'm taking this back
Okay
darkness
We're not gonna survive with one one bag of bottles. Okay with one bottle
Yeah, some people might well amir back there. Well malco
Do you want to go back in there and help amir with the other stuff like trying to find stuff?
Uh
I separated from him by now. I fell in quicksand
That's where case died
There was no telling right
I forgot that case did die. They didn't even consider doing it. Well, where's amir? Is he a wall? Watch me die. That's it. Yeah, probably
They couldn't have cared less
Dude a miracle is our MVP actually looking for goodies to try to keep us from getting murdered by our bug overlords
Come on
Meers moving around perfect. So let's like
also
Let's like friend tim and you know what I mean? I want you to play escape from tarkov with them. We should go, right?
Concerned that it's gonna be too hard. Okay. He's outside now. He's outside. Fuck. Okay
Should go. Oh, this is our last chance. Yeah, let's go. Okay. Oh, they're going back in
They've realized that they're doomed without
What the fuck
The shot clock. Yeah, the table might be what kills us
Dude america gets back just in time
Hey
That air horn
Watch for sinkholes
For america
They've left them all alone
in the wilderness
Amir is single-handedly
Yeah, the table is the friends we made. It's our only friend. Hello, and we can't eat at it because
We are slowly starving to get death in space while collecting trash the dream of the future
Big bolt
She got a bolt. Look at that shot. Okay. They've all gone solo in their own way. Oh, I would absolutely be lost
Look at america lex fucking bravely going in by himself
themselves
Look at this fucking
Hey
I just saw dark eyes. I saw
So I was like standing like here and I was looking across and not this location, but it was dark on the other side
Those look like there's a creature in there. I just saw the two glowing eyes stare at me. Um, that's
Also, there was a turret the way I came and I flashed myself again by understanding how you flash grenade now
I mean, I think it might be time to go, right?
Don't
Drop them off. Yeah, that one
I'm like one time that came in clutch. It's one time use
Yeah, you click it once it pulled the pain. Do you click it again to throw it?
Where are you guys?
I'm right here. Oh, okay
Everyone disappeared
damn
Dying in video games reminds me why I just stream myself
It's talking to myself about the news
Guys the news never dies
Unless you die while reading it
Yeah, there's definitely hot in back there
Where we are at 200% on the chicken wing stream, which I'm gonna have to get some messy ass wings
My friend Tim might be coming over tomorrow
I also about oh, I hear some
Oh, come back come back
Bring me back to life
Um, yeah, I just hope we have enough
God damn it
I'm blaming case
You know if they just hadn't bailed on that first planet
Do we are we like if we survive tonight? Can we like stay?
What do you mean?
Like if we survive tonight, can we stay on the world? Oh my god, I'm gonna I'm gonna table. Hello
Did we get enough stuff 381? Um
No, probably not. Let's see if the company's buying at a bigger
381 won't do it. What's the quota? Oh
541 oh, we're fucked
No
Should we just quit and start a new game so we have to sit through the long ass process of dying
Well, I want to sell everything
But there's no way it's enough
I mean we can if you want, but I like selling it
All right, if you want to watch us die
I want I want we have to finish it. Can we sell this fucking table?
Well, maybe we can can we? No, I don't think so
Yeah, that was 120. Okay. Okay. Fine. I get it. I get it. I get it. That was not a smart move for me
I get it. I understand
I'm learning too
All of us are learning together. All right, let's get space jammed. We have everything
We should sell this shit
Then we can't go on missions anymore and we'll make quota
All right, what's that?
If you ring the bell enough times the tentacles come out want me to do it
Yeah, if you do it and you stand in front of they'll eat you should I get eaten because we're fucked anyway
I'll do it
Oh, I hear what is that?
You were like 100 close
If only they bought this table, we would have been fine. Honestly, you know
You didn't get eaten
Hello mites
Okay. Well, that was fun. I guess I guess time to go
I mean
Yeah
I'm hitting this button
Bye-bye
Okay, you guys
Where are you going? Where are you going? Ow
Goodbye cruel world
Oh my god, I died on my own terms
Oh, I'm back in the ship. I'm not allowed to die. I tried to die on my own terms
Deadline now
Once you have not met the prophet, I wish they could give us a fucking break. You know what I mean
Well, whatever now I feel immortal. I drowned myself and it's reappeared. This is nothing. I'll be fine. Goodbye
It's mostly just dark out there
Fine. I get it. We didn't meet the prophet quota
Do we do one more?
Yeah, of course
We keep going until we can't ever do it anymore
Are we not playing with obelisks?
Obelisks
Yeah, well obelisks team isn't us. Okay, we're different and we're we happen to be built different. We're built different. Okay, so
Okay, let's go to
Can we go to offense?
Yeah, let's go. Let's go fucking
Let's fucking you know what we do in the first
First world we fucking horde. We're going to offense because it's kind of fun name
We weren't missing anything. I was just typing
We've got an extra pair of hands now
You were just missing my
That's so we've got an extra pair of hands now. Yes. Now we can really hoard some items
We don't even need avaliar gene to let us play with them because they hate us
Yeah, we don't need them. I don't need them
We do need ian though
Let's try to let's try to snipe ian off their team. Let's offer ian $500
$500
Yeah, yeah, it's a starting bonus. Where are you gonna get that?
um
I'm gonna have to take a couple editing jobs
Oh, or just one good one who offer ian the table smart
Fuck these pumpkins. They can't be sold
I'm a capitalist baby. I sell cookie sheets. Where are they?
Where are the cookie sheets? Give me cookie sheets
Show me what you got
Here we go. This is an entrance right here. Yeah, it's over here. I'm in your I'm in your garage
Everyone's got a knife. All right capitalism, baby a rubik's cube
Oh rubik's cube, baby
Oh, fuck. Yeah. Love the darkness. Oops
Uh-oh mine
That's the mine that blows us up. I forgot. I immediately tried to pick it up
You see me walk up then stare at it like a child. Okay, this looks like a death hallway
Can I hear mine noises?
What's happening? I just hear a bad noise in there
Like there's a turret or a mine
Oh, it's uh, it's uh
It's a mine
I hear a spike. There's a
Another mine down that hallway. Can't see shit. Can't see anything. Nothing. We can't die. I have a rubik's cube
The only item
Okay, is that the device down there?
It's a mine. I just jumped down there
Jump where?
I see like the blow of that device thing. What are you?
I'm at the bottom of the stairs
Uh-oh
I'm going down
Where are you?
Ah, shit. I'm just trying to get down
This glowing object. It is very dark
I also have a bright light in my face
Whoa, air horn
Air horn grab it
Come on
Mine
Watch that
Oh payday
Oh, it's a large axle
Guys, we're rich
We're rich. Well, I just found an air horn
Fuck yes
But I don't know if that makes this actually rich
If we keep going down, it looks like the um that glowy item we pick up is further down this way
I can't figure out how to get further down
Looks like the what?
Like you know that thing that gives you radiation or whatever the device
Oh, yeah, I think it's down here
Fuck yeah
I don't know how to get there without dying, so I guess I give up
The bolt was on the bottom shelf
There's a stop sign here. How do I get that?
Let's pick it up because it
I can't
Where are you at?
I probably need to leave
Oh, I got it
Yeah, I'm late
Yeah, we might have to go
There's a mine right outside the door over here
Yeah
How do we go back?
Is there a fire exit?
I probably need to check the bottom shelves because it's just got a laser pointer
Oh, you got a laser pointer?
Uh, I feel like the way I came in didn't have a explosive device at the door
Is there like a door?
Well, we came this way
This will be okay
How did a mine just appear?
Uh, well, there was a mine for sure
So can we just walk by it?
Yeah
Can you check your minds with a laser pointer?
I'll try
Call it
I hear a spider
Somebody just jumped
No, it was me. It was me. Sorry, sorry, sorry
We gotta get out of here
How do we get out of here?
All right
One of us has to look behind while we're moving
I just do think we need to leave
Tell me if I'm about to walk into a
Yeah, I mean, you're not walking anywhere
Well, there's a coil that's chasing us
That's the thing we have to keep looking at it
What are you talking about?
There's a fucking coil head monster
Oh, I hate that
Holy hell, where are we?
I don't know
We're gonna die?
We might die
Let's go this way
Found it
Found what?
The coil head monster
I mean, I'm not looking at it
So it's not following
Was that an exit?
Holy shit, he's dead
Oh
Yeah
Okay, where's the exit?
Anybody know?
Hold up, I'm gonna take this up
Keep looking at it
I'm looking at it
I will look at it until someone tells me to not
Let me see if the exit's over here
Oh, there's a slot
Okay, we gotta go
I'm gonna go up these stairs
And then I'll look at it
Oh gosh, we can't go this way either
Holy fuck
So we gotta go forward?
Yeah, we gotta go past the coil head
But we gotta go quick because the slot's coming
I'll look at the coil head
You guys go past
We'll point towards where your laser pointer's pointing
All right, keep going, keep going
I'm looking at it
I'm looking at it if anybody needs to
All right, say looking at it
Oh, I'm not looking at it currently
No, I am
All right, you're looking at it now
All right, cool
Holy shit
Okay
Nah, we're fucking dead, man
It is chasing us pretty hard
We're fucking dead
Wait, what if we jump down?
We try
Well, there's the exterminator's body
I don't even know where it went
It's right there, it is
The laser pointer
Fuck, do we get out of here?
The slime is right there
How do we get in here?
Um, if we go down and forward
That's how we came in
Oh, I died
What is going on?
Oh, I'm dropping towards
Why not?
Did you guys die?
Oh my fucking gosh, everybody's dead
How did you guys die?
Yeah, but I had so much good stuff
Things, I had a few things
Holy shit
Nah, y'all just voted to leave
I'm right
Um, truly I can't believe
I also fell
Yeah, whatever area we got
It was pretty bad
I ain't dying like this
But we found so much stuff
We found so much stuff
Okay, well the next moon
It's time for the next moon
We gotta fucking get everything
If anybody hasn't voted to leave
I'd say just do it
Because we're just gonna have to wait
If we didn't vote to leave
I voted
I think a miracle might not be at their computer
No, I voted
But we all voted
Guys
We're leaving
We're leaving a man behind
Even his ghosts
I was gonna make it
Bro, this is crazy
I shouldn't tell you to believe this
This slime is coming
Shit, leave in one hour
Now fuck this
Yeah, viking death
Like me
Wow, that was really slow
Dead
There it goes
By all on its lonesome
Wow
What happened to y'all?
I fell off of
I fell
Yeah, I just fell off something
Dude, that sucks
We definitely were close to the exit
And we took a wrong turn
No, it's every time we get lost in there
Like we keep bumping so deep
That we don't know how to get back
Yeah, that's a shame
We need to do
We need to cancel and gretel
Like I wish we had like
Little crumbs we could put down
It's probably something to advise
We had one person stay back
Use a walkie-talk
We're going to march
Okay
Sorry, exterior
I'm not gonna
I am not gonna buy a walkie-talkie
Okay
Yeah, I said you could get like
One table for three walkie-talkies
Okay, yeah, okay
I will say that was a bit stupid
But we would still lost anyways
I don't think my
My table is the reason we died
I will say based on checking with Obley's stream
They're way better at this game than us
On their first time
They are
I think that's why Obley doesn't want to play with us
Yeah, that is fair
And because she knows that we're not good
Yeah, it's unfortunate how bad we are
We got a beehive
Apparatus
Who are they playing?
Who's playing?
I don't know
Ovely
Ian
Evu
Evu
She came into my chat and said
She's playing with three other black people
Oh my goodness
I mean congratulations to Gina
I'm becoming black
Congratulations
Bri
Bri, please come and play with us, please
Yeah, please
We need more hands on deck
All hands on deck
All right, I'm going solo
I need more people that can die
Guys, I gotta go solo, sorry
No
No
What happened?
What happened?
Oh god
Oh!
I just died in last time
Oh my god
Dude, that quicksand looks exactly like the ground
Anyway, I gotta go solo, guys
Do you want to watch out for me?
Yes, that's the case I died last time
I gotta go solo
It was the Rubik's Cube that killed us
Pretty sure that far
Mixed the whole map up here
Okay, this looks like something
Oh godbees
Or just flies
Hey, that's a thing
Um
All right, let's go die
It's death guy
Let's worship at the altar of sacrifice
Wee
All right, here we are everyone
No flashlight
Yep
We're going in wrong
Going in fucking wrong
That's it in here
A raw dead end
Raw
What was that?
This is us all opening a door at the same time
Did you not hear that?
I heard that
I heard what?
Large access
Getting that thing
Oh right
Well, I think there's no other solution around this
I think I should bring this
Where?
Oh, we should we should bring this back
Yeah, I mean if we can find an exit
We should probably take it
Because we all have stuff
Oh wait
I'm gonna go back
Let's go back to the exit
Let's not lose this
Um
Fuck yeah
Terminator
Oh there you are
Okay
Yeah, let's go
Let's take this back
Because this is some good shit we found
This is probably the quota right here
Yeah, this is some good shit we found
We got some jugs of milk
A gear and a nuclear device
Yeah, uh, bry, I'll come
The chips this way, I'm pretty sure
Oh this way, okay
Yeah, because we wrapped around that
Colorn for the fire exit
Yeah, if anyone can make sure I don't sink into a
A swamp hole
Yeah
No cookie sheets, I know
I'm as disappointed as you propaganda
Uh bry, yeah, we'll bring you in after this moon
Damn
Come on
There it is
There it is
Oh there's a main exit this way
It's probably a different building
Than the one we just pulled the reactor from
Let's do it
So we might be safe in that
Maybe one person stays behind or something
One building that are all connected
Or if we move in a group
Maybe we'll just not all die
Right now it's spring
Oh shit
An extra dong
I didn't even know that
You had that option microphone 900
We gotta always find the new fueler thing
Uh oh
There's a monster in here
Here
There's definitely a monster in here
Oh it's right in front of us
What is it?
Spider
Spider
Who is leave?
Okay
Everyone leaving answered that
Did he kill it with?
There is a spider in there
Um
Who is leave?
Great
I guess
Is there any other entrance?
There's probably another entrance somewhere
If we find any bees
This is risky
Yeah I want to know how to kill the spiders so bad
Cause those are fucking annoying
Just gotta hit them enough
With what?
Like with the stop sign?
Yeah stop sign on our shovel
There's also a yield sign that I saw
I don't know what we got
A real
How do they get that?
Okay we could try to get these bees and then run
That's the first time I've seen that
Yeah let's do that
That might be a building we can go inside too
Oh that's a building that's not our ship
Oh they're coming for me
Get it get it get it get it
Pick it up
Oh my god
How much of a dead man am I?
I think I might have died
Who died?
Case
Case
Hi
Bodies down there dancing
Oh my god
Oh great
The bees
Guys the bees
Why do you go this way?
They said to pick it up
Where's the ship?
It was a trap
Uh somewhere just went
The entrance is down there
Okay we're all going to die
Actually I've just realized it's getting dark
And they're not going to find their way back
Fiona I think the bees were a mistake
Hopefully they decide
We are getting wicker man so hard
They need to just go back
Yeah they probably should just go
Ooh they're going in though
Oh no
They're trying to
This sunk cost balance
Jason somebody run run run run run
Oh my god these bees are going to kill every single one of us
The bees are insane
Dude look at exterminator go though
He's deep in the woods
The exterminator is fine
What the fuck was that?
Did he grab it?
Uh-oh exterminator is running for it
Dead dead end
Uh-oh
Oh my god
Oh my god
Dude he like jumped away from the jaws of death there
He's dead he's dead
Oh look at these fucking moves
Oh my god oh my god
What was that?
Did you see that?
I don't even know
Shadowman?
I think it's just a shadow maybe?
Yeah a shadowman?
Oh my god look at exterminator go
Going down
They're the other two doing it
Thanks for
Oh miracle you died as well
Can you come and play games?
Oh my gosh we're chasing me now
Melka's just got to make it back to the ship
Dude please I'm begging
They're probably aggro the bees
But then they stopped getting aggro
They did?
Yeah they just kept hovering around it
Dude the bees are hard
Yeah the beehive might not be worth it
Might not be worth it
It is 80 this is 80 though
Exterminator's still alive and that's just quiet
I'd also like to point out that Odley and her crew are just
effortlessly skating through all of their
All of their quotes
They're hitting what day are they on?
I can't see actually
Oh exterminator can leave
Oh my god he made it
Oh but it's getting late he's got to hurry
Oh my god how is he gonna leave
Well he's close to the ship
Exterminator is actually pretty decent
No exterminator's fucking good
Exterminator's good
So he'll probably just find his way back
A miracle you're not including this
I'm calling Fiona and I very bad
Oh yeah we're yeah
A miracle is the reason we've been able to hit some corners
We are awful
Yeah
We're the weight that you have to overcome
We're a powerful handicap you can brag about later
She is ancient confirmed
Kevin you're not supposed to say that
At least a case and eyes bodies are the ones they have to pay for
Because Marco brought back a miracle's body
Yeah our role is to provide a little extra challenge
Dude if exterminator gets back I will be so impressed
I think he's lost which I would be too
He must be lost I'd be so lost
I'd be so lost
I also have no idea what time it is
Because we're dead because we're ghosts
Because we're ghosts
Kevin subscription with prime
Hell yeah
Thank you Kevin for the resubscription with prime
Uh-oh
That sounds like a monster
No he just was dying in quicksand
We'll leave at midnight apparently it's getting close
Thank you Kevin for leading by example
If you have a prime use your prime sub
Yeah exterminator I'm so sorry
Exterminator is actually so good
He's close too based on that little arrow on screen
Thank you Kevin love you
Finally he's gonna make it
He's trying to jump up this hill
Oh I don't think he sees anymore
Yeah I don't think he can see anything
What he made it to a fire exit
Oh he's still in a building
Oh no it's over my man
Okay well thankfully Melko is holding down the fort
So he won't be totally profitless
Wow he's just gonna
Ah we're no pro thank you for the resubscription
That means so
I'm telling Cassie
If you wanna thank god tell Cass in that booty
And do you see that
Oh shit
Oh wait no that's the wrong person
Saw that?
Saw that
Oh
Spooky eyes
What the fuck was that
I think also when we hit this next quote I gotta stop after that
Why?
Stanton thank you for the resubscription
Thank you Stanton
Means a lot
Exterminator how did you survive that long?
That was crazy
Yeah good good job on the survival
Yay we're alive
Did you know how much that did you see that was it was pretty intense
That was insane
There was a part where case mother saw where the thing with like two legs that looks like a spider was chasing after me
It was right behind me
Yeah
I jumped down and then the thing with two eyes was like right there
Yeah what was that
I don't know I ran to that thing like three times and I still lived
That's insane
I just couldn't figure out a way back
That's crazy but Exterminator I don't know how you fucking survive for that long
Um let's go to March
All right
The skin monster is that what it's called oh we're already on the moon
Oh we're already here
If you need a case record at that or if anyone recorded that they could click it
Oh also
Then to me and I can give it to Avaly maybe she'll
I mean I'll invite you to what
Oh my goodness
Invite you to what play games
You got it guess that are your demo tape
Yeah
Maybe it's the center of my demo tape
I'm trying to get Brian
But Bry's not here it says
Oh now it says Bry's in
Oh my god
Dude my fucking
Let's go somewhere let's do it
Hold on hold on I need to
Invite Bry
Oh I see
Um why can't I invite him
He's banned
He might have to do it
It says Invite to launch
Oh well does he have the mod and everything
Oh wait Bry you might have to you might have to get the mod
I'm landing the ship
No don't land don't land
I have to route it
Okay
GTA 6 trailer is out
Is it
Uh yeah it's out Kevin's saying that in chat
We did watch it
We did a little watch along
My favorite my favorite part of this game is when feet get scared
Yeah I bet it is
Yeah Bry you need to add a mod and then we can put you in
Carol you sure you don't want me to download this game on my laptop and then you can play with us
Kendall
No reaction Kendall hates me
It's out it's out Kevin you you got it it's out
It got leaked apparently
All right we're dumb way so we guys gonna die this time
Um I'm gonna try to die from an actual monster and not myself
Well that's then we all survived and then we you know we made an attempt to go back in
Well I died by um
Isn't this where you got stabbed by a sand worm
Here we go
Kevin I know it's out I I saw it
I watched it on stream
It's a playable trailer you can hit play on it
You can hit play on it
Oh
I've got two big boys
Nice
Oh
Oh I heard it's a turret
What
What
I got a big bolt
Oh um I can go back
Well I I guess I just didn't see it
Shit it's griff
Grab it
Griff what's up
We need someone we need someone to go back into the ship
That's okay I think I'm gonna I think at first I have to stop soon though
Wait why
No
I'm probably staying in I have to like wake up super early and edit tomorrow
Some good stuff
Now
You know what I'm gonna case
I'm lost I'm lost
Oh my god
We're lost oh we're so lost
We're so lost
Oh
Guys watch out there's a bug thing there's like a monster over there
Oh I'm all alone
We're so lost
Ship that's the main entrance
You need to not get killed by a giant anteater
That was Griffin Winsler giving me a call
Dude, this is not great. I'm so lost. Okay. Wait that looks promising
Come on
Come on darling. Oh there they are
You gotta get up there
No, I don't know where to go. I also don't know where to go. Oh, there's our ship. It's right this way
Wait, where?
It's right over here
We did it y'all
Nice
All right, we're in the clear
Oh my hands are full
My god
All right
That was insane. I could not for the life of me
Wait do we even have quota?
Oh we do
Yeah we definitely do
Yeah we have 262 without the apparatus
We're fucking red
Fuck yeah
Fuck yes guys that was awesome
Woo
I'm gonna test out this remote because I don't know
I can turn on the lights with this
Kevin just sent me this screenshot from oh you guys can't see
It's a butt
This screenshot
I'll see playing that on simsid
It's a woman twerking on a car
Which was fun
Let's go
I look less bad
All right, let's go
Moon um routes the company
You could look so I'll go die to bees it is tempting this guy
It is what brought me to the dance
Maybe lower my brightness hold on
So that's why I don't sell everything
There are a lot of girls twerking in this in this video
It's trailer
What's that?
Macaulay Culkin in view of the bees
Um what happened to bry?
Um
bry needs to download the mod
And then we could add bry, but uh, no
Kevin keeps on me to watch the trailer. I told him I watched it already
I'm watching it right now
I got back from my niece's concert and then
We start playing with us. Yeah
Damn case you are gunning
Who uh, how much are we selling?
Okay, I guess we don't need to sell it all
That's it. Yeah, so probably not so
That's 53 plus 80. So that technically should do it, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Who wants to ring the bell?
You can ring my bell
Ring my bell
Um, Kevin I watched it Kevin
I'm in sultry night mode
Trying to feel like I need to stop playing
I just don't think I can do another full round of three moons. I could maybe do one more moon and then I got to quit
Okay
All right. Well, I mean by bry
I can quit though and still rejoin it some other time, right?
Uh, yes
Potentially maybe
Yeah, I haven't seen any
He used to stop playing your stream the gt6 trailer, which was just released who cast him
Okay, well bry, I'm trying to invite you and it's still not letting me invite you. So let me know
If he's on your friends list, you should be able to directly join game. I know well, oh they can
Yeah, okay, but yeah, bry do that
All right, where are we going? What moon?
The hard moon
Experimentation
Um, oh before I go
Oh, gee Kevin, let me know that the gta6 trailer
I know he keeps fucking he keeps fucking texting me that yeah, but he let me know so I just wanted to make sure that you knew
Oh, I know
Yeah, yeah
I also I don't I don't know if I knew that Kevin. So thank you
What are you talking about? I just can't remember if that's the thing I knew before he said it
But oh, I'm sure I know it
I'll believe just got a library
What?
She found a library
Yeah, that's gonna die. Why?
I've seen videos. Oh, there's a library monster
Dude, they're doing such a better job of playing that game. It's dude. I have never seen a library in this game
All I've seen is the same room
They have like 600 people watching them and and and they're like better at it
It's a compelling
It's like unreal
But what they need is us in the game
getting guys
What?
If they had us there we could have provided, you know, some antagonism to the situation
They don't care about us
We're the comic we're the comic relief. We can slip on all the banana peels or them
Oh buying a flashlight would make sense. Yes switch inputs new
Kevin I know I need
Are you buying
What's that? What is that?
It's a remote for what? I don't know. I can do this though
What?
Watch that guys. I watched the trailer. I literally watched it twice already. Why do you guys need to watch it a third time?
Oh, look at this
Look at this folks
All right, we got a flashlight. It's promising
A lot of hurt sounds
I think it's towards this stuff
There's main entrance right up here
Where?
Over here up here. Then we got to climb up something though to get ladders right here
Or not. I'm already lost
Play again. There's a ladder
Bing is responsible for Kevin hoping a table. Bing did a lot of things to Kevin
Bing killed G4
We could have just held it together if we weren't also jacked up on bang
Dead
Oh, that's a jump I could make guys
But I won't just because it impressed everyone too much
What the hell is this? I'm gonna try
Good luck
Nothing
That actually might just be a dead one. It's not just remote do anything
Maybe do it at a door or is that what you're doing?
I'll try at that door. Hmm. There's a key here if you want it. Sure
That's the vent
Whoa, that's scary
I'm scared
So they're both not working that are out here in a key and some tattered metal sheet. You want a key?
Do you want to say about the remote?
Take it all. Does the remote work on those doors?
Try it now
I'm holding 42 pounds of gear
Um, oh steering wheel
My hands are totally full. Should I just head back?
Well, I wouldn't
I dropped something at the entrance
You but
You know, I don't know how to get back
Yeah, let's do it together
Why
Make sure you take the keys with you. I've got so many keys. They each weigh 10 pounds. That's what's weighing me down
To not do it
All right
I mean, so let's see how the way
Dead in what the fuck
And just like that. I'm trying to get back. I'm trying to get back up for sure
Wait, where'd you go?
I went downstairs
Uh
I think if we go out there's another out of here
Uh, literally you should be able to uh, I can't carry him. Okay, cool
All right
Through there just men in suits are carrying your ears
I'll only have to hear all our sea apparatus. There's the apparatus shit. Where are you guys? Uh-oh
I was lost
I have a key case. Where are you? I don't know where you guys are
Oh, there you are. Oh, you're good. I'm going to do some uh, switcheroo here
Depending by a space for a steering wheel in the inventory
right
I have room for a steer
All right, you can take that
I'll grab this
Oh, shit. Oh
It's fine
Run run run
Oh, damn it. Who's that?
Well, it's a rough ending. Gotcha. How are you supposed to know where to go? Everything this game looks exactly the same
I blame the game
Everybody knows the best players blame the game
Oh, look, you're playing League of Legends. You know this is out here. Yeah
You blame society propaganda. Yeah
It's a combination of society and this game
Dude, I feel bad. I had the most expensive thing on me
Look at Fiona
Just stalwart
Why isn't she taking anything back? That makes me feel like we're on the right path
She's watching the trailer again
Fiona's fucking up her computer. Oh, shit. I might have to just Irish goodbye Fiona
Should I just leave and not and I'll let them know, you know, I'm gonna raid Fiona and that'll let her know
Slammin guys another flawless victory for gamers everywhere that I was that I did such a good job tonight
And now I got a raid Fiona. I appreciate you
Yeah, thank you miracle X for playing
You saved us you you were the only thing tethering us to a chance of victory you and uh exterminator and melko
All right, I'm raiding Fiona or should I really piss Fiona off and raid Avaly?
No, I'll raid Fiona even though I think the same people are both watching us are watching us play
Fiona knows raid settings do not allow you to raid at this time
No way
I can't raid Fiona. I can't raid Fiona. That's crazy
Raid sitting is that why why wouldn't she let anyone raid her?
All right, I'm gonna raid Avaly
Okay, I ran through his slime so I've got like no HP left. We successfully walk all the way back
Oh, should I already hit raid Avaly? I would have raided shape shifter
That's a wild choice from Fiona
Fiona that's you're crazy for this one
All right, miracle. Let him know that I bailed um that I
All right, so let's close this I was rooting against us the whole time
And that I'm a bad teammate
Those are the important things to let
Thank you. You have a good night too. All right, everybody. I'm sending you Avaly's way though. Do consider watching Fiona
I did mean to raid her
But she wouldn't let me which is fucked up
All right, I'll see you guys soon. Have a great rest of your monday. Bye everybody. Yeah