Hello, it's a beautiful day. It's already watching us to start. This is live
Yeah
It's this is of course a tradition of the Thanksgiving Day parade the initial marching of the girl
Where she's got to they've got to this year. They've really changed it up
And I'd like to thank all of our viewers for joining us. I don't know. We're a huge network. You can see you by name
Spongeburi for Hughie Keeler tasty zero cat spot. Thanks for waking up early with
Every year they do that
Here are the boys. Oh the boys are out in full force this year
I'm glad they brought out their biggest instruments some of the largest and thickest
He's going to have to walk. Oh, there's Waldo
There's
Maybe she'll appear at the various times there you can scoot more any scooters. There you go
Yeah, you wonder if the Manchester pervert brothers finally got their interactive
This is the part of the parade where they sort of slow down for a minute
People kind of block the camera as much as they can
This is of course Leonard with the green coat and our boys in blue showing off their backs
This is the part of the parade known as gams out the legs are live and they're looking like legs
You don't want another lawsuit. I don't I don't
Last year I spent the whole time commentating
exclusively on women's bodies
Even during the Snoopy float and it did get me in trouble
Oh
Well, we have some fun, but they've started walking don't adjust your and there's Hoda we've got our first Hoda sighting
She looks great. I'm not gonna comment on her body. I that's my one of my rules for this year
She is I've been rejected too many times to keep trying to take that ride, but she looks incredible
And that's all that's as far as I can go
Be a little more successful be a little smarter
And maybe meet me in a more natural context screaming at me from the side
You're my fast pass
Celebrity fast pass is a new concept by the way, you know, it's a fast-pass
Expensive real estate that we paid for here
And he here she is our beautiful third commentator
Thank you so much for joining us
Later she'll be performing
Because I'm happy
Originally performed by the band nerd
It was for
Kendall, thanks so much for being here and she's
And we'll face in the chat and here's the Macy's Day stars stars of the show. I like to say here. They are
There's the clowns. Oh my god, there he is run there. He's he's out and they're both loose
You might stop them thankfully son Goku is here and
All of the peanuts have been made real the parade just ended is this the Republican response? I swear to God guys
This is so live
This is currently happening
There's good Goku's going after the peanuts
A little disappointing that this year the floats are just pulled by trucks
Yo, I'm seeing so many animations now. What is this spider-man into the spider verse to it's starting to feel that way
I'm having trouble gripping what reality
It's Clifford
Coming down
Yep, the classic book Clifford and the big yellow beetle one of my favorites as a kid
He's filled with hot gas and it makes them float
Another classic element of Clifford good to see you Jeff build to base
It's been it's been under construction, but we're in support of them building it as long
It made a million but he did have to give up his whole life
Oh
Is it really loud still
Somehow he's allowed to stand right next to the flow
Oh
You did live in New York where we currently are for six years
I'm about to thank you. I'm about to blast the game
Now there's no way you can't hear
Right, yes
Do I need to somehow turn I'll turn down the system even more there's mayor Quimby and his son Jack off Quimby
It's fine now. It says it's fine mayor Quimby looking incredible
Ever since that Simpsons gig. That's his little blood boy who plays the piano for him
So that's a band called solo so
The hell is this? We're camping. This is the camping crew. They've been camping out
On this float for the last year and this ends their year-long journey across New York City
Son Goku out here
Just making sure the parade is safe
Frankly, there's no suit. There's no fictional character that could beat son Goku in a fight
I don't care how long of a YouTube video you make he's simply unstoppable. Oh
No, it's a giant acorn. It's mid-fall. I didn't know what that was her second
Top of it coming down the lane. I thought I was having an episode. I thought it was a giant decapitated military man
But it's an acorn followed by two pumpkins
What are these little yellow guys down below green guys the Ninja Turtles, of course the jet not the most high-quality
costumes this year for the turtles
This kind of a green jumper pumpkin vests. I gotta get me one of them
This is the March of the safety workers. They kind of just wave
That's good the much less
celebrated
Essential worker the safety work. Oh, oh my god. He's angled downward. He's looking down at you
Skeleton
Eye sockets up top, but that's just the dent of the hat just the dents of the hat or you've discovered his secret
Have you ever seen the film nope? Nope
Nope actually I have seen the alien in that kind of hard to understand what it even is
That would be cool to see as a float. Mm-hmm. Hey fuckers bring us the alien from gonna kick us out of our spot
We're so close to the action
She's a huge hit with her family and almost no one else she's surrounded by military servicemen
And various scarecrow types. Mm-hmm. Yeah, well, they're military scarecrow. What is her entourage?
What it what are they celebrating? What are they protesting?
That's Dorothy. Was that Dorothy that could have been Dorothy. Maybe they're a Broadway show and the parade is empty currently
Oh, no
And he's mulling a fan if you've heard the bear is mulling a fan
He's mulling honestly. There's been some protests on the parade route today
I don't wanna call too much attention to it because we're trying to keep it moving
But it looks like smoky has begun attacking the protesters. Oh, you hate to see it cocaine bear joke
That's what it. Yeah, that's a good one
Those are the kind of jokes you'll only get from our coverage. Oh smoky the bear smoky the bear
Yeah, from the people who brought you smoky the bear. It's cocaine more like smoking crack the bear
Oh, I should write for late night. You should you should
It's a real shame because they cross the beams look at those little
The beams look at the beams. Yeah, I'm saying
Look, huh? Okay smoky bear
Oh, and the smoky bear people are way too far ahead of smoky
They honestly nearly killed several parade goers with his lunging attack
Look the foot of the bear is just scraping along the parade route just nailing people in the head
The HP of the parade goers is going down
They're gonna need a Phoenix down if we're not careful currently they're at about 50% HP and we'll see how low they get
Hopefully they have a white mage in the group that can revive absolutely a
Shovel he's either carrying a shovel or triple H's sledgehammer. It looks like a sledge. Oh, yeah
And why is it so wobbly like a dildo? Sorry
like a
Like a I can't
Yeah, like a big old like a penis
But a fake one maybe he isn't wearing a shirt
Just pants and he's thick. He's a thick. Wow. That's a thick shovel and a thick boy
Show me the foot. I want to see it. Is it me? It did look like it was dragging along the crowd
Do we remember when a balloon knocked down a street light and put a woman in a coma gamer nerd?
1992
Some things you choose to forget and some things you force yourself to remember. Oh my god. It's the cast of Grey's Anatomy
They look they look great. I can't wait for all of these sordid love affairs. They'll be getting into this year
Is it is there a giant green bean man behind them?
Show us the green. There is John Hamm has lost so much weight this year for Grey's Anatomy
He's currently taking pictures and there he is our green God
our green God being worshiped
Midsummer style by his various flower people a couple more Ninja Turtles down here to and that's corn
Deep in the sweaty center of this float a man in a bear costume is being sacrificed
You know in the hopes of continued prosperity for really the entire country
Something we haven't seen yet, which I saw every few seconds in New York is a rat. Wow. That's great. Hey, there's Roger
Look at him go. He's smiling big smile on his face. There's Hammerstein
Now this is the less this is the per other the the tubas that are old the old man
The old brass the old brass the old brass. Yeah earlier. We had the little young people out frolicking and reminding us of youth
Here's a stark reminder that we all age
The death is around every corner and that we are all getting older
Yes, the hobbies of your youth will continue to look more absurd the more you age
This guy's just walking he forgot his instrument
Oh, and she forgot her she forgot she got everything some job surprise. She still came out
Hey, did you ever play an instrument growing up? I played the saxophone
Mostly because I kind of fucked when I was a kid, you know
So I picked such a sexy such a hot instrument
Again, another guy forgot his instrument. That's a funny thing about saxophone is
It's the it's the instrument that band kids think is hot
I feel like I picked it because I thought it was hot right for sure
That's the selling point of everyone who gets into saxophone. It's like cool instrument, but it's still it did nothing
It did nothing for my image and also I wasn't very good at it and frankly if I had been very good at it
I don't think it would have been what would have made me more appealing. I would have spent like a weird focused sax kid
Here's the here's
This is the twisting
Sun
This is a Mario from this is the level from Super Mario RPG. They took a little section of it out
This is right before you get to Malo's and here's the Sun God. Oh, it's a native people's float
It is and now we regret everything we were saying about it looking not that impressive. This is the best float. I've seen yet
We're not grading on a curve. It's our favorite float
It's not but it looked at least itself propelled extra points this year if your float is just pulled by a big black truck
These pencil pushers. Oh, it's the pencil pushers
They will be selling pencils to kids after the four different graduates that actually graduated college this year again
Record news breaking turnout for low graduation rates across the country. There's about 10 graduates this year
Only the ones in yellow graduated the other colors. They're descending how close to graduating you are
This one wore a yellow
Graduation suit with their line so they're being escorted by these two judges to jail
Olin Valor graduate. I am again the blue shirt
There we go. And these people's fucking soaking it in
Spirit of America cheerleaders the spirit of America is alive and again
We're going right into one hour of only cheerleaders. Mm-hmm this point in the oh
Love to see that even the wrecked even the wind is protesting this parade. It's a difficult year for Macy's
Wow, these people are getting
Blocked by
Flowers what are those things called leaves? That's right leaves
The pom-poms never stop moving
Yes, hi everyone
Hi, you have to have a lot of security for these young ladies
Wow
Look at them go Emperor Palpatine's cloning devices working perfectly. It is the clone army
Would you believe that those used to be the same guy from New Zealand with the cloning process works wonders?
Guys got his little flag. Everybody's protesting something this year good to see
World War four starting at the parade. That's news to me
Excited for the end of the parade when World War four will start. Oh
I hate to see that coming down the line. Yep freaky looking guy looking right at me
Mm-hmm. He never recovered from being born six months too early. That's of course premature Polly one of the most classic children characters
Yes a premature baby float, but let us not let us not gloss over grace. Okay
Miss America 2023 who they elected as a joke this year. Yes, it was a prank
They had the bucket of pigs blood above her acceptance speech, but it didn't go off and so now she's convinced it was real
They elected her as a prank and then yeah, they were gonna drop the pigs. They were gonna carry her
Got stuck so they had to commit. I guess grace stonka is miss America this year
Grace stonka from Idaho
Honestly that felt like maybe she was mocking the crowd there with sort of good for you
You're so much uglier than me
That's giving nursery rhymes. Um, oh, I need to update that. How do you think she's feeling right now Tim?
You get to pick the subscriber goal. Oh a subscriber goal. Mm-hmm. Let me reset. Oh, I like this
Let me reset our goals a new subscriber goal
Yeah, you just type in whatever you want and that'll be the new goal. Oh, man. Okay
We've got a whole keyboard over here. It's a very advanced macy's day operation. This is funny
I'm more cheerleaders. These ones being sacrificed so they've been placed on podium
Hmm
Another 24-hour stream. How long has it been since I did what I will do one 24-hour stream a year
Yeah, that's my limit a lot but we are almost in a new year. So please let this float never come
This wimpy kid is of course struggling to move it all. Oh
My god, he's he's mid-collapse
Man, I have a really good one, but it's only but it's but it's
Something that someone else already did on my stream, but it's so good. Oh, we could do a new year's stream
We did do one last year
Kendall, would you rather go to a new year's party or do a new year's stream?
Thanksgiving food tier list. I think I can't do a new year's stream. Oh
I love to see that wind just fucking people up
What is that?
Well, I mean, but we want to be at your
We can do a new year's stream and not and maybe not make it all the way to
West coast new years. This is something I would never thought I would say but goku is blocking the giant wheel of cheese
That the premature baby is chasing
That is I never thought I would say. Yep, that is what they're going for
It's the only way to lure premature poly out of hiding
As you get the cheese
And then he gives chase a surprising amount because his muscles never
Started in the right direction. They're getting actually progressively stronger
You know in a way that's inhuman and now he's super humanly strong
One time wait chat. Do you guys already know this one? I'm thinking of what the subscriber goal should be
One time case and I did a sketch show where the conceit was all of us had really cumbersome
objects on us
The entire show I was carrying a big huge speaker case's choice was to carry a gigantic
Speaker, so we did like a regular sketch comedy show
But case had this massive speaker in his hands the whole time
You were strapped too much of vacuums
No, that was andy and he had about four vacuums strapped to him and I was in a mech suit of pillows
Yeah, I had pillows like tim had the smartest one gigantic pillow mech suit that I wore for the whole shoot
To interact with you're covered in pillows and he and I were both just dangerous
Anyone who touched us as we moved around it was bad. Oh god. His hand has been split
Of course, he doesn't have traditional human blood inside him
So there's no leakage
But that amount of argon in the air will poison these people
They've made the choice to continue with the parade, but it will be their final parade everyone's surrounding this wimpy kid
Their lungs are disintegrating absolutely
Now all these people looking to cross the street
They're
And it's sesame street in 2023 and look at that rockin dinosaur. That is rockin elmo
They've managed to just barely recover from the embezzlement of many of their funds by venture capitalist just enough to buy this cheap looking float
Oh wait, you should eat something fun on stream. There we go. Oh wait a minute. Wait a minute. Um
Yeah
Also, thank you to all the any subs today. I will be uh
My new activity feed does not work very well. So I might have to thank you
Uh at various interments throughout the stream if I miss something
A macy's virtual parade. Maybe we'll have to switch to that at some point
Uh case eating tons of sloppy shit chicken wings
Sorry sloppy chicken wings. Let me extend this
No
Oh
There we go. Yeah a stream up
Wait, yeah, sorry stream a bit of uh
Of supposedly factual news apparently this parade might be stopping at many points this year due to protests due to the situation in the middle east
In case you're wondering what the sudden pauses are for they could be that we'll never know because our expert cameraman will hide the protesters
That's right. And also it's something I know nothing about
Everything's fine. Everything's fine. Everything's fine
Uh entity. Thank you so much for the sub the daddy of parades the daddy of anomalous entities
It's entity daddy and there's son goku and there's goku still protecting the parade
Why did they let him be out there, huh?
Chuck him out man. He's blocking my shit and here's a here's new jersey new jersey
If you've ever wondered why marching bands still exist. It's for this parade
Every single one in the country will be making an appearance today. This is of course the rutgers
And here they are the three Rutgers
Rutgers, of course being tigers that are in a middle-aged crisis
They forgot their fake guns at home
Do you think that's true? Do you think they're the like what what are they called?
Other guard. What are the ones that have the fake guns?
Um, you know what I mean like British soldiers. No the ones where they flip all the guns around and that's their whole thing
ROTC
No, you haven't you seen those guys that they're like they do funny gunplay
Greener, sam. You and I had the same thought at the same time
Color guard is right color right, but they weren't allowed to bring their fake guns to this parade
So they're just using like their hands. Yeah, and they thought flags were too girly. I'm not doing it with a fucking flag
I didn't get into this for flags, but then one of them realizes how cool it looks with flags because of the movement
They're like, gosh, I should have done flags. I should have done flags the whole time. Here's emperor palpatine
making an appearance checking on his clone army
This guy
He like he wishes he was parading. Look at his little legs dancing around. Why is goku allowed on the parade?
Broke directly. He's the mayor's son, of course
It's sort of like bat boy from back in the day. You might remember that heartwarming story
Oh, yes of a whole city helping a kid be a bat
You have you done a deep dive on bat boy? You should try to find like a compilation of bat boy's journey
I should maybe I should recreate the bat boy timeline
Exactly, exactly because it starts with him being discovered in a cave and it ends with him being like president or something
Yeah, it's something like that the mayor gives him a key to
Either of the city or just his room right, right, right
And Eric Adams found his son underneath the couch cushion huge news as Eric Adams has discovered his son underneath a couch cushion
These guys
What are they doing?
They're all just sort of wapping their instruments into their little hands
It's true. You don't have to use an instrument by blowing through it
You can smack any piece of an instrument to get a sound out. It will make a noise. That's technically music
This lady in the scarf is lost any noise on a beat technically music and some experimental artists say even offbeat. Oh my god
It's the sort of clowns
What is wrong with people that's what this parade is having me thinking what is wrong with people
The day's parade is sponsored by just sort of general confusion
And
Yay, and those just a deep sense of dread at the things humanity creates
There's just so jacked up running around Goku get out of there a golf cart. Get back here
Oh, uh, oh
No, it's a gilded turkey. Oh if you see the gilded turkey it's seven years bad luck
And it looks like all of us have seen it. Oh, wait a minute, but the two tiny turkeys up top
Seven years good luck, and they've negated the bad luck
Actually now you're in the in the positive because each little guy worth seven years of good luck
You are officially in the plus seven years of good luck. Let that be a lesson to all of you here in the stream today
Seven years
Goku eyeing the turkeys considering blasting them with a kamehameha
He should do more crazy shit
Goku should sort of jump up on these different floats and see how they react
I'm not gonna stuff and here's a celebration to the irish
Oh the beautiful high rish
These three irish folk
Only three only three allowed not yeah too many irish people in new york, and here's well, and they've got a couple more snuck in
It's miss ireland and mr. Iron and we're entering up
Okay, and here's one of the 99 red balloons the rest
Floated away. Unfortunately, they couldn't be caught in time and they did float away and it's bluey
Okay, that doesn't make any fucking sense
Not a fan of bluey. No because it's red obviously unless that's the dog
Well, the dog is chasing the red balloon out of rage. It's a play on cliffer the big red dog. Don't you know?
Yeah, it's bluey the regular the regular size
He's here and he's chasing the clout of the big red
Balloon if he catches that balloon he will make it on to your favorite podcast
Um, and he's got a he's got an army of blue acolytes
In his colors
They have done the chanting correctly and summoned him from the ninth realm of hell the pentagram
They had to build to summon this dog
Um shut down traffic for several that guys wearing a maga hat. He doesn't care
kind of weird
Can we can we have bluey on the cream team dream stream? Absolutely. We will bluey ourselves
All dream stream long. This is some kind of fucked up cartoon that I could see you getting
You know looking up sexy images of and then having having it on your stream rule 34 on bluey. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking
You're all about if it has fur it can be hot
That's another one of my rules
Jesus man
Look at this guy. He's that's a veteran
cameraman just scowling like another you're not gonna get a good shot of bluey from down here
You guys think you're gonna capture the raw masculinity of bluey from this angle the lighting's all wrong
He's broke it. I wish this was tons of vodka. We're just getting so hammered right now
Do you want a drink? I can make you a drink. I'm not drinking these days
All right, and I wasn't drinking much coffee this morning. Hello
Well, we'll see how long you last after three more hours of this parade. Also, you can leave whenever you need to
I hate this uh float
It's an ugly float. I hate modern cartoons for kids. It is a bastard
You know, there's some there's something where they decided kids like this style of cartoon and they created a new style
And bluey is in that style and it's wrong and it's bad
It's new it's bad and we hate it bring it back to how it was when I remembered it
Things were better back back when I was
back when me
And the parade is once again empty. Uh, they were currently in a parade loading screen
The parade is buffering. Oh good. We're getting a rant. Oh, thank god trucks
It wouldn't be america without trucks. They couldn't spring to have a truck behind them
No, it's just just three people from the band one of the marching bands. They kind of peeled off said, please carry this
And there's another a trim camera man who knows how to he knows that the real shot is coming from behind
Seeing what people look like. He's just trailing the ram trucks ladies. I carry anything. Okay
And the police are here and people are jumping from the buildings
In order to save themselves from this hell of a parade
And god our one of our one of our most cities chicago
We did new jersey as a state and now chic the state of chicago
And there really wasn't any ram trucks
It was just a banner for ram trucks and then this isn't even a ram truck. Oh my god
It's white guys doing rock and roll. This is the band chicago, of course
And here they are
Honestly, they haven't aged a day since yesterday
A couple minions going by down below and of course the dream of every rock and roll band
Being on a float sponsored by wonder bread
Yeah, man, it's all about doing heroin creating cool music and wonder bread. Mm-hmm. Oh, no, she's lost help
Ah, it's um, hello kitty fell in a particle accelerator. No, it's blue cat and chugs
Trying to get kids to drink milk again make milk great again
I'm gonna wear that a big white hat that says
m
mga
Mga mmga make milk great again
Blue cat and chugs and what better way to encourage health amongst children than to call
The thing that contains the milk chugs chugs chugs that milk kids get it into your system
It hurts him when you drink it. It's his blood. Oh, look at these little cows
These are the cow people mini chugs. Those are mini chugs
every one of them
Had to try to pound a gallon of milk before the parade none of them made it, of course
This is the happy Thanksgiving block
More clowns more fucking clowns. Everyone's favorite aunt got out this year to play a clown
It is true. There's a lot of aunts
Aunties out here
Are out in force if you're a fun aunt and you're over 60 and you live in new york
You are going to be a macy's day parade or if you are that aunt's second husband
You are with her as a chaperone
Absolutely, there's goku. We hate him and the battle of the gokarts as they race in different directions
This guy's pissed. He is lost. He's a pit crew guy from nascar and he's out here
Yeah, he's looking he's an nfl defensive coordinator. He's trying to call it play here
And this is the formerly baby sharks now they're adults and they've grown into beautiful queens
They've grown into a beautiful group of men
All of these men used to be sharks now. They're sexy teenage humans. What's it? What's a kpop thing?
Uh bts this is probably not them. Oh
It should be them or is it is it did they get bts that
That seems like it's the bts baby shark bro. Hey, which kpop group is this candle? Can you tell us?
And we and the parade very temporarily alter time and space
Which one is that?
And it's 80s
It's been decided
Baby shark kpop
Which one is that
With a baby shark kpop and hyphen
They should really baby shark getting the top billing on the n hyphen float unfortunately for n hyphen
Yeah, they're like we didn't get any applause all the applause went to baby shark
Who's coming down the lane after these fucking horses the let's go
Horses horses. These are adult voice goats as you can tell from the colors and they've all gotten horses for their eagle badge
But that is a weird brain space to be someone who wants to be a kpop but also wants to ride a horse
Oh, they had a banner and hyphen got a banner, but I still think it must be upsetting for them that they didn't get the float
Right, right a full baby shark float and all they got was this lousy banner
Down at the parade office. They're like just fucking put n hyphen on the baby shark
We don't have enough space for this just fucking this is could you just make another banner?
We made one for the we made one for the truck
We wasted so much parade space on just the ram truck section where there's no trucks just
Oh, there's whistles
This is the whistle part of the parade the baby shark's got a slit from where it gave birth
And another marching band being chased by spongebob the cameraman zoomed way in he did he nailed that
He's pumped on spongebob. He's like
Oh
Time to capture a cinematic moment marching band boy if you're a marching band in the tri-state area
You will be at the macy's day parade along with the ants
A genital slit. Thank you propaganda version two
What is gray doing to spongebob? He has mounted his head and there's no telling
like that guy
Yay
It doesn't oh, it's sweet caroline white people's anthem
Um
Sweet caroline
There's tom hanks in disguise
Oh, there's rush limba and there's another band these ladies got the flags out this year
Fun fact they accidentally ordered 10,000 north korean flags and had to scramble at the last minute
to modify them
And there's spongebob this year mashed up with half-life as he gets his brain taken over by a crawler
What do they say? I have face crab face crab
But our face huggers is alien. Yeah, I can't remember what they're called in half head crab head crab. Yep
That's a head crab up there head crab entities. Got it
Spongebob plus head crab all glory to the hip note toad
I thought I read nypd on the back of that guy's jacket, but I it looked like hip note to me
Gary is indeed a is indeed a top propaganda
He is topping spongebob to the max damn. They're just showing live
Sex on the parade while a sponge is he's full of holes any part of him can be an orifice
And Gary is taking full advantage of that in front of all of these parade goers
SpongeBob is edgy
I love that there's a guy just saying keep walking
This guy's whole job is yes come down the parade route if you're lost. It's this way guys
You should see it when they hit if only we could be at a turn. He's like
Oh, he that's when he comes alive. Oh, he's coming right at us
Oh my god sponge every float trying to attack the parade this year
Damn and there's a guy with a sniper rifle in the window shooting the balloons
And he almost got him on camera, but he ducked back into the window
I really hope that's not a thing that happened at the parade this year, but I don't think it did
Look at those realistic holes on spongebob his legs curled in pleasure as he's mounted by Gary
No, you're right
It is it is fun to imagine that all these floats are summoned. Yeah, they're all cultists down below that have summoned each one of these
That's that's that's an imagery to me
It does feel that way
SpongeBob cultists and they all summon him
Everyone truly feels like a totem that's being worshiped by a particular sect and that is in fact what's happening
It's good and this guy likes SpongeBob so much that he's he is giving us the back view as well
Because he's just he's locked in on the SpongeBob float the entire way down
Wow
I've been here. This is central park by the way behind us. I've been I've been here a park
I've been to park. I've oh my god. It's Ganesh
Glad to see Ganesh made it out this year one of the old gods hard to summon
But they managed to this year sponsored by
Trucks as well another gnc truck
They've got the budget to summon Ganesh ram has teamed up with Ganesh this year
Dude, that's an ai prompt write me a commercial for ram trucks plus Ganesh
And these are the keepers of Ganesh Anna
Hey happy Thanksgiving
Hey, did you see Ganesh? Did you have you seen the Ganesh float?
He whispered into my ear Kalahari resorts and casinos. Whoops. Oh and a shrimp
Oh my god
The priestess of Ganesh has been granted incredible length by his power
She sacrificed her human form as did her friend
But she has gained a measurable height
Well, you could measure it, but we tell her it's immeasurable to make it seem more worth it
And it's the littlest dinosaur plus the normal size dinosaur
Oh, this is good. Oh all of these plants are moving
It's awesome people are doing their freaky stuff
Just a bunch of adults staring at giant inflatable children's ip's
They're really doing up dinosaurs dinosaurs are big this year
We would just like to remind you that this is one of the most normal activities in America
Standing on the side of a street staring at giant inflatable cartoons. Oh, it's coming down
Damn. Oh, yeah, I get caught in a tree anything
You want some
This is of course baby dino a less popular song than the shark. That's why it's got second billing
The baby dino song goes
Of course everybody loves that song but not enough people
Why say everybody I mean not not too many that would be funny a little baby children wanting you to turn that up all the time in the car
All right, there they are these guys
Wait a minute. Is that goku i'm seeing in front of us
Oh, uh, i g8 188 was letting us know that this is sponsored by Sinclair oil
Of course Sinclair oil is currently powered by the corpses of these dinosaurs
Their ancient remains fueling all of our cars and we thank them every day for their unintentional sacrifice
Is this is this real? It's really a an oil company that's got the dinosaur float. I choose to believe
Oh, no a second dinosaur has appeared and this is not a float believe it or not
This is not it's a real living
Kind of a mini Godzilla type situation. It's just hungry. And why does it get to come down a side route ronald mcdonald's
creeping
What well this one's unplanned when oh, this is like a protest float that's kind of sliding in
Yeah, this is a protest float in protests of
Um, just taste in general adam sandler's iguana has shown up from the new film. It's my iguana
I saw some vandalism on a sign for that iguana film
Yeah, and the vandalism I read it as like in like a
In an empowered way like that it was a gay person who wrote this
This like this vandalism it was like
Fuck it make the movie bad put a gay character in it fucking
Make it lame and I read it in that way
But then Megan was like no you got to read it like a teen wrote this and it's like anti that and I was like
I'm not describing. Oh, you thought they were like ironically. Yeah, exactly. They're like fucking make it bad
Put a gay guy in it. You know like fucking make it lame like you know
Yes, you know some fucking corporate movie whatever like many teachers teenagers they watch South Park and we're like
Oh, I've got a personality. It was yeah, it was actually
You know some bad vandalism. It's two blue goat. There is a second Goku on the horizon
That means Goku is moving so fast. We're seeing two of them
Does Goku have the same power that Superman has or if you if he flies around the world fast enough he can turn back time
I have to assume he does and he can instant transmission. This is of course the black parade sponsored by
second Goku has hit the world
Dang just when we got that second one up again
Oh, they were just rebuilding the world trade center too
The black parade continues marching. We have all joined it to john the black parade
They really should only be playing that song. That'd be fun
Oh, whoa, look at this. Look at this cool guy. Believe it or not not a costume. Yeah, that's that's what that guy looks like
He put on that look when they made the Geico caveman sitcom and once it didn't get more seasons. He said I like it
I
Alex Smith and Amanda Shaw
Do complete strangers who have enough money to buy their own float
They uh, they got it out of nfts about a year and a half ago and ever since then they've kind of just been doing things
These are original board ape adapters and they sold their board apes at the height of nfts and now they've
Got enough money as soon as they saw Paris Hilton on Jimmy Fallon
They said sell and now they own enough money to run the country and do this kind of thing
I'm famous for money living out her dream of holding a violin and waving. That's Amanda Shaw
There she is
Look at their role incredible and important to get a close-up of this the first close-up this our cameraman has gotten
Oh, yeah, he'll yeah, he must he kind of loves her. He really likes Amanda Shaw
I keep forgetting that this cameraman has his own little agenda. We keep seeing what he's all about, you know
Now that was also New Orleans. That happened to also be the New Orleans flow. He's all bricked up. That's true
And the iguana approaches. It's hungry. I feel like this iguana has been creeping for so also. Where did ronald go?
Oh, and there's another goku. Oh wait, you can't see it. Where did okay? Apparently these
Floats are making moves. They're turning
There's a small side route to to get around the israel palestine
And
Take them down 73rd. We've got to get around these protesters. They actually sent the mcdonald's float to stop them
Just crashed the mcdonald's float into these get send ronald after them. They're already america
Just sick america on these
nice people
Damn, I hate the look of this guy. That is a
Children that's a popular children's cartoon. Why'd they make them so dummy thick?
They wanted to get you a little bricked up
And it's working and there's his taint. Why is the cameraman on a taint? What is this deal?
Problem here
Wow, that is he's just really lingering on the iguana's ass
He really is
What's his deal, man? He liked the look of it. He noticed he was thick too bill biv de veau
Ed de bevix
And there's bill biv de veau
I think
Who's bill biv de veau? Why do they have a no parking? Oh because new york, this is funny. Yeah, by the way in new york
You can't walk in park anywhere and there's a myth. What the it's the other turtle. These are the where the movie quality costumes went
One of them is currently berating an uber driver. That's why there's only three
No parking but guys, did you know in new york?
little side story
Focus so long on i'm sorry to cut you off but you kept the camera on the iguana ass
So we couldn't even see the turtle float. We didn't get to see turtles. We didn't get to see
I think that was a tribute. Oh god. He's heading straight for him to challenge himself
Oh, oh, yeah, because he's getting pumped up because it's goku versus goku. Sorry. You had a story and I totally got you
Yeah, in new york, you got to move your car so much and there are zero parking places
They make you move your car four times a week for street sweeping. So you got to wake up
It's like 7 a.m. Street sweeping mondays and wednesdays on this side of the street
And then Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7 a.m. On that side of the street
You have to move your car four times a week and there are zero parking spots. I would spend an hour
Four days of the week. That's four hours of my week moving my car
Fuck new york
Fuck new york. Fuck new york
ABC bbd the east coast family. I see. Okay. It's just that I am an uncultured swine
Which is a thing we already knew abc bbd the east coast family dbc
And there's dbz
Which is the midwest family
Uniting our entire country
Just goku good. I like that
Goku bothered to go super saiyan blue for this honestly
He's been practicing holding the form so that it feels more natural to him edging we call it. Yes
He's been edging this blue form for years
I don't I didn't ever really watch any dbz. Is this is this cool to see for a guy like you
This is pretty exciting to see for me
It's 20 plus years in the making
Uh a super saiyan blue goku flip. Oh, he's going off course goku famously hard to control
He likes what he likes he goes where he goes. He's seen frieza on top of the um empire state building and now now there's
straight line to frieza
Does frieza become goku's friend later kind of
The beta spoilers, but also no. Oh, but maybe a little okay. Yeah
Uh-oh goku battle tested there. He's got some
Weird divots in the float
He's
Every float looks like it's about to break
Yes, especially in close-ups
We're all hoping for he's heading straight into this building
Man, it'd be fun to see him hit the building and then a giant side of the building just
Rumbles from him like oh my and these people are being held hostage by this balcony
Oh, they got locked out by the cleaning crew
There's no way back in they have no choice but to resign themselves to enjoy the fruit
Every one of these kids will grow up to be a real spoiled little shit. Unfortunately. Absolutely
Yeah, we grew up in like a small six bedroom apartment right off of central park
And he's on his
Oh turkey people. This is now the camera guy got the idea. I should show some of the people in the crowd
He had they had to hollow out those turkey her turkey corpses to make hats. They're disgusting and smelly
The skin's still wet on their scalps and um the abstract concept of
Circle of circle drawing. Yes
This is like your math teacher who claims they can draw a perfect circle
And they've messed up a couple of times
Now it's a float
This is what happens when you run a middle school contest to design your costume
You end up with something like that
I want to be a clown next year
A lot of ants who are wishing they could be clowns these people cannot summon the same level of enthusiasm
Hi
Yeah
We like it too. Never stop clapping. She's clapping the whole time. They'll never stop
I'm gonna get a burger after this. I'm gonna post this on
Uh my space going back to it. Okay, and there's your crowd check in
Elton john is and now we see why he got bored and looked at the crowd
just
A piano it's no one even playing it. That's the piano floats and the extra flags. They're just collecting ones that people drop
Manuel turd
Oh tur tur chorizo
Manuel chorizo is and it's it's clank or what what's his name? Um, oh and he's smoking the ganja
What's that ps3 original where you're ratchet and no the one where you're like
Spyro, you know, you're like a guy made out of little blocks
Roblox not it can't be clank, right?
Smoking lego turkey. That's it. That's the game
Knack i'm talking knack. There we go. This is a knack. They did put a little joint in his hand, huh?
Video game dunkey will be thrilled that the knack float is out in full force this year
That guy's funny
A funny guy who might be out here today. Maybe we'll get a whole dunkey. Funny a dunkey float seeing the banner for dunkey
Go bowling. They're telling you get out of here. Big bowling is
The propaganda for big bowling is ramping up every one of these pins. Unfortunately powered by six tiny child laborers
Just in there running full tilt. That's what it takes
To get these floats moving. Oh, here's the ball. Damn. It would be fun. Oh, isn't it gonna be like it's gotta catch up
Curving around the lane. This is sick. This is my favorite float so far. Look at this thing. I love it
Yeah, down the lane. Oh, please hit the pins
Man
Fucking don't show me if you show me mike alubi
this
Ball is sick. Michael alubi. Michael alubi is the one who threw this at the start of the parade
Oh, and that's why it's got such a powerful professional spin to it. Yes. He's such a oh my god
It's gonna take so much money bowling that he was able to purchase this
Section of the parade for himself. Mike. Oh, you'll be there is go bowling
He's the president of the bowling association of america. Mm-hmm. That's probably not even a lie. He probably is
He's probably some kind of guy who's high up. Yep. You might also recognize them as uh, the killer uncle in every episode of csi
Yo, please tell me the harlan globetrotters are doing some sick shit right now
They seem to have switched to baseball actually what the fuck
Unfortunately the globetrotters went baseball mode this year
That would be so funny to see novelty baseball
The globetrotters trotted all the way to a totally different sport and became all white
Please do something cool. Fuck. Okay. There's some real globetrotting happening behind me. Oh shit. The balls are out
Show us some fucking tracks. Oh, he's he there. Just warming up. They're saving the good stuff for later. Unfortunately
Damn it
Cameraman. Oh, he went to go take a piss. So you just set up the camera looking right here
Harlem base runners that is honestly Tim. That's such a good idea. Harlem base runners. We gotta we should yeah, that's a sketch
That's a skill if we ever make sketches again. That's gotta be high on the list the harlem base runners the all white harlem team
You thought harlem was a black neighborhood. Well, there's a section of it. That's Yankees. There's 20 guys there who play baseball
They all happen to be white dudes
Wow
All right, these people are really dancing their asses off but only visible by half the parade goers
Disney treasure
They're just shortening all the all the old titles. It's just like fucking Kendall
I think they're doing the magic happens parade dance in the middle of the of the macy's day parade
He seriously set up his camera. Wait, I gotta take this back for uh, we're gonna just quickly go back in time for Kendall
She's falling over
Something happened over there
Check it out. Is this is do you recognize once again? This is live
Is that the magic happens dance magic happens for a reason
ram trucks
Kendall used to work at disneyland. She knows every dance they've got
Kendall's
Okay
also
This might be a dance they do on the cruise
Oh, that would make sense. This is an ad for disney
The disney treasure is not a cruise
Kendall what character were you?
R2-d2
They're like finally someone who fits in this thing
Really that would have been fun
Tim could have been a he could have voiced you
Wow
Of course
As a java, yeah, you get to steal you get to steal as a java
Oh
Little trinkets and things java are cute. I hate you ronald mcdonald mcdonald back from subduing the protests
Truly he is the perfect guy to
They do some fucking pro israel shit. Absolutely. They're like they're already boycotting us. Can you imagine if this heart just said isreal on it?
It's just ronald mcdonald
This is isreal on the heart
And he's surrounded by eight different paw patrol dogs
Exactly, oh, but there is truly paw patrol is right behind him. Wow. It's a real america thing
ronald holding the heart of a child and in hot pursuit by the police
hollywood would indeed love it mr. Whoopie boo boo
Son goku still in the foreground protecting us all. Oh my god grimace
Yo grimace
You're responsible man for all the deaths from your shake
Remember that meme so many people died who cares about that kind of stupid meme
I really wish this goku guy. Oh, you can't see him on the r-screen
But he's just kind of
I wish that he would just really kind of be a little bit too aggressive with the with these like these floats
I wish he would just kind of get up on him a little bit that would make me happy to see
Now you're about to see him. Yeah coming out from behind the shoe. He's in the middle of the parade now
And there's grimace in the bottom left corner of the screen
And we get the full close-up
There's ronald fucking take him out the most popular pedophile mascots all three of them in a row
The hamburgler showing america what acceptable crime is corporate crime
It's really a dark story
Why am I so i'm a gent i'm on my shit today my my
Take america out take america make america taken down again
Look at this is a distended ronald face. This looks a little too round
Oh, they updated the design of ronald ronald's had a lot of surgeries at this point. He's ancient ronald mc donald is a
600-year-old eldritch god. He is and he's demanding to feed us the meat
The meat of our land
Look at him
Such a dumb such an embroidered vest
I don't know if people talk about how ronald mc donald bears so many vests
He's a best-learning glad
Ronald's liver is failing. Yes all proceeds from the parade today will be going to ronald's dialysis machine
Oh my god
We love ronald
We love ronald
Yeah, I wonder how much you can get these um
Little parkas for an ebay the ronald parkas
Original macy's day 2023 ronald parka one of the shoes has stopped moving
Oh, it's true. It's broken. Look how pissed he is. I love it. I love it. I can't move it at the shoe
Everyone go around. Yeah go left and now for your main event the new york city police department ronald is being kind of
protected here by
The cop the cop could totally surrounded by multiple cop floats. It's the nypd. This is me right now
The cops are protecting him
No controversy here just several back-to-back police state
The floats
And the police then you know the children like the paw patrol thing with the kids and the
Inculcating the youth all this and etc. You guys know what i'm talking about coming up the nypd boot
One of their most popular floats stepping on the neck of america on there's just some random
And not doing their job as usual the most obvious criminal of course gets away
That's actually just a protester. He came out in that just to trail the cops
I love that the shoe is stuck and the shoe is still stuck
There's no moving the shoe. They're trying to push it push it off to the side push me
We can't drive it. Touch me the wheel stuck. We can't turn it
I have the parking brake on
Take the parking brake off. Well, then it's gonna slide
Back immediately. So we need to time it
Oh my god, there's a minion back there. You can see the minion
On our screen. You can't see it yet. Just know that there is a minion on the way again
Another thing I have to hate
You know why you there's a certain there's hating it
For the reasons we should be hating it, you know, and then there's hating that
comedians are
Like too excited about the minions about yeah
Shrek the minions these things that you know all of our comedy friends are just fucking slurping
It down like oh yeah minions are so fucking dumb and we just can't stop talking about it
I'm like I just want because I want the minions to die so don't give them air
Exactly look away from the minions. Don't look away for sort of freddy kruger it exactly
You have no power here. You have no power here minions. You're not real unfortunately, tim
I'm excited for this minion shooting the poppin. I'm gonna just really tunnel vision on this minion. It's a fucking minion
I like do do the kind of commentary like in an esports event when it's like a play-by-play hot moment
You know when the minion float comes by a case. I want you to just start talking and don't stop
Damn, I need if only we could get captain flowers on the line
He's an esports commentator who I've met who is one of the better people
I've ever seen able to do that can talk non-stop
Basically can talk at this pace completely non-stop but way more clear than me while fluctuating his voice
I'm like getting really excited
And the cop is using gallop as the other I can't even do it for like two seconds
Oh, yeah, the cop is using gallop is waving now at this point. He's flying by his three flags around
There's a t-flag. There's an hq flag
And of course the meta this year is really centered around little carts as the yellow flankers support the minion
Which is on the way and the minion is casting single eye. Oh my god
It's a team one
All my neighbors are like hey, it is nine o'clock. Is it even
Dude when I shout on this screen, I get so much redder so fast. It's 10. How did that happen?
Yeah, it's 10 o'clock. Also, I do know you tim has to plan a whole Thanksgiving thing today
So I don't know how long we've got him for but stay as long as you like
I wish my screen did not giant like
Yeah, makes the contentional this is funny. So we don't know what this is but this was shared by a friend
Some pro some goku
Pro anti anti pro. I don't it's just anti israel is all I can tell
Just our friends texting texting us
Anti-israel goku have to take off this jacket because I'm sweating so hard
Fuck you minions go away die
Okay, these are the wannabe minions they're yet to visit the universal park where you can actually be transformed into a minion
You step into a chamber
And they shoot your ass. Oh and he's holding a banana. He's taken a there's is that an actual guy in there
Well, there's feet. There's feet dangling out of the bottom
I think that's a real guy who's been paid to get attached to the minion
Is it supposed to be the guy? They're like, I don't know anything about minions. Oh look at that cart that cart was rolling
That was barack obama. Yeah, that was obama in the fast-moving go-kart seems like nobody cares about obama
He's moving too fast to be spotted
Otherwise the crowd
He's just waving. He has no banner
Jabari banks is out
Jabari banks and the paris 2024 hopefuls
Isn't Jabari banks a politician am I wrong shoe is still there and they've abandoned the shoe
Oh, you can't see it on your screen, but there's nobody in the shoe. There's nobody pushing the shoe here
Let me show you guys the shoe really quick
Uh
There's a shoe down there. The shoe is just sitting there. The shoe is just totally stuck abandoned in the route
Totally abandoned. Oh, it's the peacock peacock. Everyone's favorite streaming service peacock
Now streaming now streaming now the olympics will happen here eventually stay tuned
Oh, is that true? Is it NBC's network?
Oh, I didn't know that thank god. I didn't know that that shoe got stuck on a piece of gum love the hate
I love that shoe. Just sitting there abandoned. That's so funny to me. They can't they couldn't move it
There is no way like let's push it. They're like it's unmovable
Just sitting there ruining
It was just being pushed by an incredibly strong guy who quit it's like a book done
Holy shit, I gotta go see baby Yoda
And this is the duck that likes the sandwich. Yep that classic children's show the duck who likes the sandwich
Howard the doink
What are these and this is white castle? I'm assuming yep white castle brought to you by burger featuring what is that?
It is keenan. That's keenan and kel. It's a good burger float and it all comes together in one moment of
Wow, that's fun to see. I don't know what it is. I like keenan
You gotta like and I don't know. I never saw this show, but kel seems cool
Is he cool? Is he not? Has he canceled? Tell me kel's not canceled. Um
Don't wish that into being oh he will be
We'll find something then if you want us to
Anything but kel
I think kel's recently become more famous again. So we've got to give it two years before the cycle turns against him
I see
Uncle dan nobody knows what nobody knows what you are
Everyone's um
Sometimes I think that I think nobody knows what you are and then everybody's like we all know uncle dan everybody loves uncle dan
Why are you so I'm just cold and out of touch because I only watch video games all day
Now that puts you totally in touch with this audience
You know what I mean guys? Oh the fuck is uncle dan. Thank you propaganda version two
If anybody is a big uncle dan fan, let us know what's good about him
Um, what could possibly be interesting about this sandwich eating duck
It would be funny if uncle dan was a video game and like tim. It's actually a video game
The most popular it just dropped on steam today
He's a sandwich duck. Then I guess I don't have any knowledge base at all
Look at these people hanging out of windows dangerously putting their lives on the line
Where am I dan hands at?
Do you want a water me? Yeah currently. Yeah. Yes. I do. All right. Let's take care of that. Go ahead
You're gonna have to look at that shoe. I love you can't have a one-man parade team. I've never been on stage alone before
Come on. Take over for me
Come on. Kendall sit here. Tell us what you think about these clothes
Have you seen this shoe that's just sitting there?
abandoned
Oh, no, did we see the driver jump out? We know I don't think I ever saw them get out. They just
They're just in there jacking off
That's the commentary we need
Kendall, does your face actually look like that up close?
Uh, a little bit. Yes and no, that's my face and then they stretched it out. Oh, good. Okay. Thank god
I squared it and I
For who made it but I'll never forgive. There's a picture of me recently where my forehead is going on and on and on forever
And I made it my
Twitter profile picture
And it's not I mean it's edited where I just just below the hairline. So it just looks like my forehead's like
It's like a six head
You gotta keep going you gotta make it like I know I was thinking about that like just copy pasting the forehead a little
like doubling the size
No longer where's Goku
He's around here somewhere climbing on floats
This is the gouchos believe it or not. It might actually be the gouchos because I went to someone squished you
Now we're seeing all kinds of kindle variants in the chat. We'd like to see that post your rare kindles, please if you have them
A lot of people recently went blind. It's a rare kindle idiom test
Well, I don't even fucking care, babe
Thanks, case
I went to
I went to the university of california at santa barbara
And their mascot is the argentinian cowboy, which is a goucho
Okay, and they wear these hats
Well, at least the hat with the little dangly balls coming off
Did it have capes too? Because they have capes. I don't know. I bet those are gouchos the texas gouchos
Post your rare kindles. I like this keep posting rare kindles, please. This is nice to see all the shoe is still there
The shoe has become a permanent fixture. Yeah, exactly. I'm pretty sure someone's head is supposed to pop out of there
I think they jumped out
They no they abandoned that shoe. It's hilarious
Dude 10 bucks says someone jumped in it from the crowd
An uncrustable. What is an uncrustable?
They're just to be able to enjoy them
They're frozen
Case the camera doesn't recognize us as human faces
Oh, it's because I was so high in the frame
No, it's because I'm asian since black
It's racist. I would love to be anything other than vaguely irish
Come on. Is lamphere irish?
No, I think lamphere is uh english maybe
But I'm pretty irish
Oh, don't mind me. I'm just pretty uh lamp here. I was told is a um
Is one of those things where it goes back to the profession
And lamp fire
It was the guys who would go out at night and light the street lamps
They would go from street lamps to putting
Lighting them and then extinguishing them
And I read about the profession on like wikipedia and it was like
Many towns thought that this was a bullshit profession that should not exist in the town and said that these people were lazy
Oh, shit. I'm like, fuck you. It was it's my heritage, man
I stay up late and I have a and I have a and I and you better pay me man
I gotta light the lamps for people at night
That's beautiful
Lighting the lamps the festival of lamps. They call the Lumière
It's baby yaddle everyone has anyone has anyone read le petit prince
The little prince he visits la lumière on his little planet where he has to light the lamp and the thing
Where my lumière heads at? That's all the pics are made a little thing. That's kind of like that good
And baby is a little oh my god. It's a one piece of luffy
I know you guys are gonna have to go hype sauce on that and
Gonna be a luffy flow luffy's made into the parade this year walley is back in theaters and
We're searching for the one piece together it spends the other song the friends who are searching for the one piece is us
Oh, and another group of ladies are out to wave. I've been watching Naruto recently
That you get to realize that you don't realize
Goku is still out here in the middle of the parade. He's probably about to challenge luffy for most popular anime guy. Wow
Make them
We probably can't
Can we also pipe in extra crowd sounds into this? Um, put an nba game on in the background audio
That's too chaotic. We'll do it temporarily. Uh, let's just see what that oh, but we're gonna have to
I don't want the announcer commentary. Oh, there we go
What the hell nba court sounds nba game sounds
Somehow this fits it's so funny
Oh, no luffy's head is popped. Oh a lot of floats are popped on the left side
No, the one piece isn't real. I guess you know what there must be some
Now he's just kind of wearing the he's not like a straw hat anymore. He's more like a oh, it's his iconic hat
And it's all fucked up case. How does this make you feel this hurts to see?
Oh, shit. Look at that. That's what's happening. Get it. I can get him cut him again
Well, one piece is a row or luffy's a rubber man
So he will recover right because he ate the demon fruit or whatever the gum gum thing
Floppy bucket. This is bucket hat luffy. You think he's the only one because that's how the ball I watched
He's monkey d. Luffy monkey d bucket heads. Why is anime so lame, but then some of it is so cool
That's just how reality works, buddy
I'm watching Naruto cringing out of my skin loving it
Every fucking second being obsessed. I bought a man. I should have worn it. I bought an arochi maru shirt
You could have worn a whole arochi maru shirt
Like with the tongue out and everything and people are like, who's that chick?
The hottest one
And but he does he switches bodies so sometimes he's the sexiest, right?
I wish you wouldn't have reminded me of that because as I'm watching the show
Sorry spoiled it for you
Wow, monkey d. Luffy out here playing strong defense as you can tell from the background noise
Rubber, you know how hilarious rubber is snake lesbian
This audio really does
I forgot you're playing it in I always gocooch is out in the middle of the float of the parade
Stop oh, this is that these are all the pirates from the thing because they're all about pirates
That pirate had one really long leg and then no boot on the other
I like the thing that this is somehow like a game where they're scoring points
Oh, it's actually so good and the Minnesota shark pirates score another point
Oh, well, Chicago got one and they're like all right the rest of Illinois. It's actually a state
Believe it or not with a it's a lot more than Chicago is in this state. You might wrong
It really if you look at the population density
Sorry, it's just Chicago
Hate to break it to you Evanston. Is that still part of Chicago?
The entire rest of the state is just CVS is dotted along our highway. That's Illinois
One time I drove out to see a frank Lloyd Wright building that was
In the Chicago suburbs. I guess I was trying to think of anything else in the state
I guess that's still Chicago. So I drove two hours outside of Chicago on someone for a horse ride. Okay. So that was there
Oh, they're bending well and they're back
It looks like they're practicing like all right. Let's do it at half speed everybody. Oh, no, these guys are heavy
Instruments are so walking heavy
And we're in the shot clock is counting down
They better get up a dancing
All right, they should stop. I think that probably is extremely loud
Is it really because I have the game turned way up on everything so that we're capturing
Was was the audience? I was liking it. I think it's you know a welcome deviation
Okay, here we go. Oh
And suck please
suck the instruments
Man for a second, I just had this flash seeing these flag dancers. I thought
I devoted my life to this kind of a thing. I'd probably be happier
Oh, yeah, I have this skill that I get to use once a year. I get a bit. What do these people do?
Are they flag dancers full time? I think they're like a big bird. Shut up
Oh fuck his whole crew out here. Wow and Elmo
Is that like the current host of Sesame Street? That's the current wait. That's a that's a well known actor, isn't it?
That is Vanessa Bayer and there's Vanessa Bayer with her army of puppets
This is totally random, but um and have I already done
Do you remember the movie the descent from a long time ago?
Uh, these women go down into a yeah, yeah, there's a little there's a little vampire creatures
Yep, and did you did I already tell you about this in the preview? It's jack black
Oh my god, there he is as a clown. It's chinese jack
There is a part of the movie and of the preview where it sounds like Elmo yelling in the cave
No, she goes
I don't know why
That's in your brain permanently. Yes, it's a lot of those audio worms that is stuck
I have a lot of little things like that that I tell chat about like five or six times in the course of a month
Just forgetting that I've already mentioned it
That shoe is still there the shoe has
And jack black's crotch appears to have burst at some point and been patched up
His whole panda crotch just blew out and then they had to patch it
That movie is just about an incest given enough time will make cave vampires
That's the thesis of a lot of these horror movies
And there's the shoe coming in is here. Thank god another marching band doing all the states
Maybe they do every state
If that's the case man, I mean 50 marching states in
Can you imagine being their life the majesty and if it's new york, you know, there's no fucking bathrooms
Zero like just no bathrooms. Everyone is just pissing in their pants or in the street
This is new york and they there literally isn't any bathrooms in new york. Yeah
It's a stupid fucking place
Sorry, if anyone is from new york or loves new york, you can suck my fucking full asshole and suck the shit right out of it
Is that okay to say are you you're not really cursing on today's stream as much as me?
Do I need to be kind of no, I don't think that matters. Are you trying to get sponsorship from like g-fuel or something?
No, no, although I did get an email from hello fresh
Hey
Streaming you're not you're not quite in you're not at factor level, but you're at hello fresh
They would pay me up to two hundred dollars
To have to mention them every stream seems worth it
I would definitely do that. I gotta get back into streaming so I can get hello fresh
It the all a lot of the streaming like the auto blast
Sponsorships are like
You'll make a hundred dollars or if your entire viewer base signs up
600 dollars
Please sign up for ant wars guys
Please play ant wars. We are rating a base later today and it would be nice to have some
200 dollars per stream. No, it'd be like 200 dollars for like a month of promoting hello fresh
I think until I'm more hard up for money. I'm just never gonna take a sponsorship. Yeah, I'll sponsor myself by editing videos
Dude, I gotta I gotta I gotta get better at editing
That's my big problem. There's too many there's too many videos now. They need so many editors
This guy's like wait a minute. Have they tried starting the shoe?
He's hitting the start button. Did anybody press this red tits and a red titan
They brought a whole golf cart to try to resolve the shoe issue, but it's over for them
It does look like it's on wheels. It seems like there should be a fix here. They tried to push it
Didn't work
Goku's right there. He could pick the shoe up
Goku did nothing
Did they turn the shoe on and off?
Oh, also I paid for an ai dating
um chatbot
What does that even you can like you can sext an ai and it will sex you back
You paid for this I paid for it on stream. Mm-hmm. I have to cancel it still
If that's one of these recurring charges, it could be I honestly didn't check but it must be right
And it's 20 it's 20 dollars a month. You're gonna log in and six years from now and it's gonna be like
Oh, I get I usually gave them $3,000
But it's gonna be missing. It's gonna miss you. It was shitty. Yes. It really was propaganda. Oh, it was bad
I mean, it's just unexciting. You try to get to say anything spicy and it's like, I think you're sexy, too
And I'd like to suck your parts
Nondescript if you say something really filthy, it'll like just repeat it back basically
It's so lame. Yeah some guy. Wow
Cancel it first person shooter. Oh no for fuck's sakes, right?
um
And here's the timothy shell may float for his original ip one cock
Please let actual timothy shall may be on here. Is this actually empty? Is this float? Totally it is. It's an empty float
Whoops, and here's the audience for the wonka. Well, here's what happened. They all ate part
They all ate bad candy and they all got the shit
There were six kids on there originally each of them got sort of a
Context appropriate punishment now. They're running through new york looking for one single bathroom that the town will not let
You use in the employee section of a Starbucks two cops on the way to fix the shoe issue. Will they manage to do it?
Where tim? What did I say where tim? What?
Where tim's where's your bath? Where are the bathrooms? They're at your house and even then they might be broken
Guys, I was just browsing prime video and found out that tom and jerry did their own willy wonka movie. Wait
Okay
Tom and jerry did their own will you know the the shoe is started the shoe isn't on the move
Hand of the shoe fuckers show us the shoe get off of the moose. He pulled it over. Oh, and it's broken again
Oh, he's out or did they just pull it over is that their fix I guess
Well, look at this tall ass lumberjack and that's I know I said I wouldn't comment on people's bodies, but do you see those legs?
Come on
Oh, look, he's clapping. Yay. I moved the show
This was ronald's you guys just didn't start the shoe. Hey, it's the
children
Breaking news the shoe has moved three feet. The kids are free to do the float now because the shoe was moved
And there's and there's
Gosling and hoda again. It's topanga from boy meets world
Looking great. Good to see topanga out here. They took it it bitches. Gabba. Gabba
Move the shoe. Oh, we're they we can't hear the crowd super well. What about yo, should we get some can we get another sporting event
Sound effects and not not let's not do basketball, but maybe like we'll try soccer or something. Um, yeah
soccer
Whoa
This is 12 hours
The soccer hooligans have invaded the parade. Do you remember this? This was a meme so long ago
But it was so funny and I feel like people have forgotten
But do you remember the world cup in brice?
like
15 years ago where they gave everybody a vuvuzela
I don't remember that. Oh my god. They gave everyone in. Oh, wait. Yeah, and there was just a low home the whole time
Yes, an instrument to blow when your team scores, but it was just
100 people
It sounded like a downpitched swarm of bees. Yes. The entire game long. It would just be blowing
I thought it was in greece. Oh, maybe you're right south africa. Yeah, you're right. You're right
So funny that people you hand people an annoying instrument and they can't not blow it
Oh
So funny the entire world cup
Sounds exhausting it was exhausting to watch. Yeah, fortunately
I just didn't watch pretty much of the world. They had to like tell the fans like please only blow them when your team scores
They were like, okay, we promise
And it's the band four men and a lady
Their songs are very bass driven except for one of the guys. I could have been a fucking
I could have been a Justin Timberlake kind of guy if I went for that instead of dude, if you'd been gone for that
I'd spent less time on improv
If you had just leaned into being a hot boy at 18
Uh kennels been listening to the britney spears memoir. It wasn't hot until I was 24 though. I'm so that's too late
They're cheering for the pills very noble
You heard the crowd
on the buzzer
I said don't get kennels listening to the britney spears memoir
Oh, yeah, and there's a very funny section where she's like
In sync would only hang out with black men
Because they were like trying to see them pull right
And then she's like, uh, Justin Timberlake ran into I was sometimes embarrassed around him because whenever you run into a black guy
On the street, you'd be like wickety wickety. What's up y'all?
Oh, yes, I remember that was yeah, right. I just love the idea of a 19 year old
Justin Timberlake being like
Jiggity player
They did the same thing to uh, Justin Bieber too. They were like get him cool make him hang out with black people
Like that's what the machine does
Like oh, yeah, it might have literally been he said faux shizzle a bunch. Yeah, he said it to somebody specifically
What who but who was it? Um
Remember it was a meme a few weeks ago. Who did you say it to?
On the street or whatever y'all remember who's kamala hair is that the oh my god the shoe
It's out of here
Guys the shoe is no more. I love tearing the soccer the soccer sound effect for the pills very no white linking up so perfectly the goal score
Hey, it's your aunt
There she is
And it's the idea of baking
It's a thing you might be doing on this very day as you watch this very parade
It is bakery brigade man. Look some of these golf golf golfers are just you're under arrest
And pull that shit over
Another ronald mcdonald's oh, that's big issue
Yeah, this is 12 hours of soccer stadium. Just let it ride
Put on an episode of ted lasso in the background
I brought you a cookie that i made myself
Have you seen those dreams? It's like alternative programming. There's just also like tiktok
Like a small video of like 12 hours tiktok fails happening in the corner of the stream
It's like a stream a normal stream where you're like
Talking commenting playing games whatever but then they also just have a smaller screen of 12 hours of tiktok fails
Oh, I mean, yeah, that's what tiktok art does as well, right? Just yeah, exactly like my crap plus credit
Plus some guy talking about how like meditation saved his marriage. Yeah
Yeah, why are we only split screening twice we should do three
We could have way more shit on look at these dancing trees
The ted lasso trees who plays ted lasso again that we fucking hate
Ted lasso. Oh, he felt he's falling over. No, no, wait. He's running up to these
He loves christmas so much. He's got to get closer. Boom his shins are run over by a golf cart
Is he actually placed ted lasso?
John Finkelstein
Bob Odenkirk
That's not John Finkelstein. Jason Sedakis. Jason Sedakis. We hate him. We hate him
Tim and I are anti sedakis because he fucked with one of our friends
For no reason. Okay. He hit our
Our friend
I feel like we can't blow up our friend spot because it's their decision
But fuck jason sedakis
In a comedy show he hit our friend like as a joke, but he hit him so many times and so hard and
Okay, the crowd like went what quiet not like this crowd which is losing their shit for these trees
Basically, he was extremely drunk and attacked our friend on stage and then berated him after the show
And also this was within the last year. So it's not really water under the bridge
Yeah
He like as a joke, you know, he he wasn't getting any laughs in the scene jason sedakis wasn't and so he was just like
I'll just hit a bunch of times for laughs. Sure. He got a couple big laughs, but then um
Then it was too far and then later on he was like to our friend. He was like, man
My knuckles hurt. He was like, yeah, I I bet your knuckles hurt from my flesh that you were pounding, man
You're hitting me so hard. Then he berated um berated him for trying to organize labor
At um, that's right at the at the theater where they worked to try to get a fair fair wage and some health care
He was like, you need to give every sliver of your life force to this comedy theater for no money. You piece of shit. Anyway, I'm jason sedakis
I'm rich as shit and I'm out of here
Anyway, those are the dancing trees sponsored by jason sedakis who's also sponsoring the stream
I might have just heard our sponsorship by uh talking about how I think he's a piece of shit, but what can you do? Faith?
faith
elf pets
They did have faith on there for elf pets
I didn't know that elf pets was christian. I'm assuming christian in some way
Pikachu and evie
You just got a subscriber. So oh
Maybe in honor of us talking shit about jason sedacon
Uh, thank you to bry westwood cast him uh four c team cast him team cast him team cast him
Team cast him, but he is subscribing to me
So thank you bry westwood
Also robo. Oh no, thank you for the follow an hour ago. I did miss it if you're still here
I do appreciate it
This crowd loves Pikachu
Fucking into it
evie
Yo evie plus thunderstorm
chat
Where are my pokemon heads at?
What happens when you give evie a thunderstorm?
Do you know case don't say that loud
What pokemon evie?
Plus thunderstorm
You know don't say it all out if you know, but do you know?
It turns into hentai
It turns into hentai. Hey stoneman degles evie christ zapdos is correct
Shut up commander gab don't say the right answer
How dare you moron how dare you get it cut to go completely right?
What happens when you give evie a kidney stone?
Oh, i'm about
Four weeks of incredible pain or a year if you don't have health insurance four weeks of
Unrustable pain
The black parade is back out in full force. They are exhausted from
This is the black parade that he saw and it inspired him so much
This
The crowd though they are still hyped for the black parade just chanting their asses off
I wish I could open my mouth and make the sounds of a stadium like this
That would be satisfying just be like do like generic background soccer chanting
Should we take a break from soccer chanting? I don't want it. Yeah. Yeah. We'll bring it back later
We'll think of something else to put on in the background too. Well, look how happy this guy is
bong sound effect
One hour bong hit sound effects only
Do we still are the actual parades? Whoa, we're her out there just oh, she's gonna jump
It does look precarious like they're not supposed to be there
Oh, they boarded up all these buildings. They don't want people using any bathrooms in new york
Are we doing the dog show also? Oh, we could do the pembroke dog show
Oh, yeah, there's no railing this guy's playing it cool though. He's like for me this height is no big deal
He's so fucking cool. I kind of like I actually own this apartment. So for me, this is kind of no big deal
I'll do this all the time. You know, my grandfather actually dealt oil to the nazis
Fun fact about me you're wondering where all this wealth came from nazi oil
I mean, it wasn't me. It was my grandfather
But I used the money still
What do you do? I mean if you're if you're a guy like if you're a piece of shit
You don't know, you know, you don't know that there's something wrong with how your family stole wealth
Oh a whole pile of presents they are being hoarded though
They will not be given up to kids. They got to keep these presents ready for next year
These presents are going to be part of the great present burial that they're doing next year
To finally condemn capitalism and consumerism
They will be burying a giant pile of real presents while a bunch of kids just look on in the nevada desert
I like it when it's just patent Oswald. Oh good patent lost some weight. He's looking kind of daddy. Let's be real
Zaddy zaddy much
I do really like it when it's just two people that I don't recognize because it feels like just some people walked up
Up on to a float. We can't get them off
Yo, it's a chinese myth dragon
Ah
This is a one of the early designs for a zelda boss that didn't quite make it funny
Ace good comedy work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
That's me doing a little comedy there. Those are two orbs
Oh, these orbs are lit. The christmas orbs are out
How long before we have an or every human has an orb near them floating
To having orb life just yeah like one every human has one orb
And then it and then like at some point like not so long after it feels like the human is following the orb around
Yeah, when does the or when is when does it switch? What came first the orb or the humans? Like, oh, yeah, every human has like an
Brought to you by apple a sentient cortana style orb that follows you around and then you start following it around
So it'd be like your phone, but it probably do other things
Like maybe you could have a second site like you close your eyes and send your orb off to go look at something
I just think you know can it like 360 captures content
So that you can just play stuff back and then zoom and enhance
I don't whatever you want because of augmented reality, right an orb an orb
That's connected to your chip
It can show you a world where it's like, oh, yeah, you have to come over here in order to get yourself breakfast
And then you're like, oh, I'll just kind of do this
Wow, augmented reality just freaked me out because because of the because of the orb
Well, I was just I just had a new thought about it because in jet. I was imagine. Hold up. I just had a thought about the orb
Well the room, you know, you're like, well, we're like underwater in a room
But now I'm imagining
Like when you're doing something small like knitting it could also augment something in the micro
It could I'm saying I was imagining it being like, oh the room is oh like you think you're you think you're knitting
But you're just kind of fiddling with air. Yeah, I don't know but I was
Really now I'm scared of really you're dissecting kittens, but in your head. You think you're just knitting socks
I just got scared of AR
Now I'm scared
Are we gonna get walked up by ai so soon? I'm scared of that
It's already hard to look away from tiktok
because of all those talking tom hanks movies
Because you're like, what if lord of the rings was ripped and then they are you're like, oh froto looks fucking good
Yeah, they have some way to and it's a red light
I'm a little less scared of AI because it even though I know there's been progress in the last year
It seems like it's the same thing copy and paste again and again
Yeah, well, but there apparently there's other ones that are
You know the secret ones. They're hiding from us. There's chat gbt, which is the same and it kind of sucks
I remember last year when there was the secret ones. They were hiding from us
And I I'm excited for the year when the secret ones are hiding from us are used
But they are I think that's the problem is they are going to be starting used by the rich and powerful
it waits
My theory is they don't have us. They don't have a good one. That's in hiding
Well, did you see the simon rich new yorker article where he where he asked it to write some like
Onion style headlines. Mm-hmm. They were really funny. They were really funny. In my opinion, they were
Claire fabric said no, these aren't good enough for them. I said
If you asked chat gbt to write this they would suck
These ones written by these more powerful ai ones are actually funny. My job is at risk as an improviser
I
Don't know to me
those like
Um generative models in general that just use a what's the word transformer models and all that shit
Uh, yeah, large language models anything. It's just a shitload of data and then it spits out
Through advanced computation a super advanced copy and paste to me. It always feels pretty underwhelming like I feel like the basic technology
Is kind of limited but I could be completely wrong
But I think I mean, I don't know how that stuff works
But once it develops relationships between the content and then relationships between those relationships, you know, it's like multiplicative
I don't know and also well, whatever, you know, I I just feel like you set it on these fucked up trajectories
We all know this but wait. I was gonna say simon rich and I was also gonna say
Something else. That's really cool. Let's pretend like I said something cool
Um, and here's the Pillsbury dough giant. I'm thinking about you saying a cool thing
We're doing the rat stuff. I'm looking at AI onion headlines
Just to see
While we sort of wait for anything else to happen in this parade. No, no, no, just type in simon rich AI article
Simon rich
I'm a screenwriter these jokes gave me nightmares
Is that right?
Mm-hmm. My name is simon rich
And then and I'm a screenwriter. He says well give yourself a little bit of a set up
Whatever, he's just saying some of these AI programs are actually
Way better and their private use and they're not available to the public because we all think chat gpt
It's fucking dumb AI
My friend from open AI dan showed me some that are not available to the public not available to the public
One of the reasons I find these programs scary is they seem to want to murder humans
They talk about it a lot. I don't know. I mean again, it's just crapping out shit that it's read on the internet
but
um
Oh, here we go. Wait. Yeah scroll back up. Hold on. Read. There's the previous area like base is subjective
Oh, yeah, which of the following are
Very headlines are written by the onion and which ones are generated by the code
Oh, yeah, but the onion doesn't always write good
I don't know. Maybe that's the point if it's if it's good enough to be fine, then that's fine
Experts. Okay. These are potentially AI written headlines or their actual audience headlines
Experts warn that war in Ukraine could become even more boring
I guess I could see that being either that feels a little AI to me
Budget of new batman movie swells to 200 million as director insists on using real batman
That's really funny to me
I like that one a lot like the director's like no, we have to use the real batman
I see. Okay. It's gonna cost us a fuckload of money. Can't we just use an actor to play batman?
Story of woman who rescues shelter dog was severely matted fur will inspire you to open a new tab and visit another website
All right, bad. Phil Spector's lawyer. My client is a psychopath who probably killed Lana Clarkson
I don't know that one. I don't know that rule town up in arms over depiction in summer blockbuster cowfuckers
Okay, um
Okay, those were all written by Da Vinci 002
They're definitely better than the than the shitty comedy. I've gotten chat gbt to spit out
Um, however, I would also caution
In a lot of cases
When I was having AI right jokes it literally just pulled actual jokes. Yes, which I'm not saying those are necessarily
But it could just be like an onion headline where it's basically mad libs
Right, right, right, which still is kind of impressive. I don't know
I think those ones show like an understanding of the relationships of the things
Beyond just the just the fill in the blanks
Although, you know, who knows I don't know those ones could be onion ones
But I don't think
Yeah, I think those are original ones and it shows like
I don't know definitely that would suggest um
that the predictive text is doing a much better job of predicting like comet like a
A non sequitur in a tone that's actually
Pledgeable as comedy. Yes
I don't know who knows how they did it
How does Macy's still have enough money to do this every year? They're honestly still all over the place
Macy's has been making the Macy's burger now that is really expensive, but so good
The Macy's burger
And here's these guys with the big blue flags
Yo, hold on one two three four five six
Sorry, here they are the people who do this
I'm just double checking that these aren't
Secret somehow stolen from the internet
Those headlines. Mm-hmm. I'm sure he did his dude diligence
D
Oh weird the one that he used predates chat you can do
Yeah, so it's older. It's an older model that
Okay, anyway, oh my fucking god. Oh shit. It is in fact santi claus
He's here. He's here. He's here
Santa Claus has been doing cocaine and cranking out presents since
Fucking halloween this year
Look at the frozen reindeer
Why did this happen this this people were telling me this was happening in other years
But I didn't notice until this year people are really going hard on christmas directly after
halloween
That's what that's the kendall's family has been doing that for for decades
Kendall your family usually starts christmas up right after halloween, right?
September Kendall will start in september. She's ready to go. Wow blame retailers
right
Or I mean we might have to blame kendall's family. They've been doing it man for a while
Yeah
Blame filipinos Tim quick
We don't need halloween or thanksgiving four months of christmas halloween used to be my favorite holiday
But I it always sneaks up on me in a way now where I find it harder to care
Okay, I know that you're uncrustable probably ready
Your uncrustable might get recrusted. You just pulled out a different
I always wait to remember
And was a little lazy this year. I guess I'll be free. I still have only half my decorations up. Oh, well
Tim, you're sure you don't want an uncrustable? No, I don't need an uncrustable
Can there be an eight? Um, emo the santa hat
Oh fucking case is gone now. I'm a human blur
Yo, this guy's following this kid. How come it only likes my face?
What's up with that?
Maybe it's this microphone
Tim censored because as soon as you walk away my face turns into a dick
Get a grip
Too hot for twitch. Yo people. Thank you for the the compliments
No, I'm good on water
You guys think I'm looking sexier these days
I mean you guys don't know what I used to look like but you know
And everyone's filing out of the parade. They think it's done, but here comes the military. Oh, no
The fun is done. Oh, is that the end of the parade? This is the nypd
Fucking did we make it to the end of the parade? Did we actually? Oh
Yeah, wow
Well, we did skip the very beginning
Hmm
We made it live to the end of the parade
Okay, we reward ourselves with an uncrustable. We did it. We made it. I've got an uncrustable here. I guess we did stream for two hours
Did anyone comment on how I'm looking better than I was before?
I forgot to actually check and see if you guys told me I looked good
Did you guys notice that we look better than did you guys see my it's going to be a scar?
um
Playing basketball wait, what's the dog show called and into a wall the dog show
dog show
20 23
uh
breed judging
They judge how the well the dogs west minster is that today? Is that a thing? Is that a Thanksgiving thing the puppy bowl?
sexy scar
Um west minster this happened like two weeks ago. I slammed into a wall
Damn Thanksgiving dog show someone said are we watching the dog show? I'm like, is there a Thanksgiving dog show best show in the movie show
Thanksgiving dog show
But anyway, we're still out here on this at this parade the national dog show
Oh, wow. Welcome to the national dog show
I'm of the dog
I'm just gonna pull it up while we
While I eat the sandwich
Keep wanting to sing
It's your new black
Here we go. Here now. We're kind of talk and now we're gonna need another like sporting event. This is also
This is also happening live like tennis sound
Tennis tennis is gonna just be mostly racket sounds. It will be a lot of racket
They're going nuts for the dogs. It's so funny. That is so funny. I don't know why
Look at this dog go. I'm glad that this is on a sports channel
Yeah, oh, yeah when I was a um when I was a youth my neighbor had a german shepherd
And one time he brought it over to my house and he said
Hey, do you want to race my german shepherd? I said sure
They said all right go to the trampoline. You see those fangs right there
I he's like three two one go I took off
He waited a second
Then he released the german shepherd and it chased me
And as I leapt up to the trampoline it soared through the air and bit me on the ass
Because he said sick, which was a command to chase me down and bite me on the ass
Yeah, it was violent. He was like he was just like testing out his dog to see if it was trained to
subdue criminal
He's like, hey, they say humans most dangerous game
Great
Fucking bite mark on my ass and I said Dean
Yeah, the crowd loves this dog
They're gonna pull his face back like that. He looks uncomfortable. Is that how his face is all the time?
Look at this little guy
Okay, well, Tim, how are you feeling?
Do you need to go do the Thanksgiving stuff? I do I probably need to go home and start
Okay
This is still the macy's day parade by the way. This is the dog section
A whole building pulls up and then the cameraman walks inside. I love these sound effects. This is really funny to me
It is weirdly satisfying
A state of the idea of a stadium cheering these dogs
This is the don't get turned up anymore
Nobody gets turned up enough anymore. It's upsetting
Apparently this is from today
This dog show this dog show was happening
My but an hour ago
Sorry, I mean it's live
Look at that strut
I love that strut. Yeah, I better go
Oh, whoops, I
There's chest back. It's a normal
It is indeed a beautiful terrier. Wow. We couldn't see chat for a little while
What have you got? What kind of stuff have you guys been typing anything cool?
So fluffy they type that that's nice and that's accurate
This dog's been training to be fluffy for years
And it's succeeded
Look at the run. Unfortunately, the man's run is detracting from the dog
And they will be losing points for the weak human run. They need to oh, that's funny
They should train sexier people to do the running of the dog that way the trainer
Like this old man is yeah taking away from the dog
If you had like a you know, ryan gozzling type of guy up here with your dog
If you have like zendaya's cousin out here, there you go
I do like corgis. Peter wise me
I love me a chord likes
And here's just human
Oh
The nose monthly chat. I'll see you all later. Bye. Have a happy Thanksgiving
Bye, it's fucking over. What have you guys done for me?
Aside from giving me giving me a few laughs. Yeah, I want people pitching me
We'll have a happy have a great Thanksgiving to you Matt Liddell. Yeah, that was nice to hear Matt. Thank you. That felt good
Give me something
chat
Got anything to say this is telling the pervert brothers. They're back at it
chat
Come on
I want to do the face. Yeah, I don't need to do the face. It does it for me
But I keep wanting it's kind of like how if I pitch my voice up I start raising my voice
Hold on. I'll do the face and then you cut cut away from it. See how well it matches. All right. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on
Let me let me truly imagine
Pretty close, honestly. They're back and forth. Hold on
That is the tip. You don't even need a snap man. I'm talking about
The human snap camera. They call me the human snap
Wait chat you you didn't scroll the chat again. Why is it getting stuck?
There we go. Shit. I missed all the compliments from chat was going to give me
Oh, well, this is what we should have done macy's prayers. These are some macy's. This would have really raked into these
The magic the magic of christmas is starting already Santa Claus
Whoa, Santa's in the parade
Wow
These dogs are so cute. This is great
This would get if I just had that energy for a whole stream. Maybe I would just start racking and like raking in the views
Oh, yeah
Hey guys, it's a beautiful blessed day or so excited to be out here
For the national dog show. This is a real cutie. He got here
I like the way he runs. He's got a great run and his trainer did a good job
And that's the limit of my knowledge
I look people do that when have you seen those like tiktoks where it's like
They show their boyfriend the filter and the boyfriend's like, wait, is this me?
No, they always do that with I'm some disney character. What wait a minute
Bye chat. This is a funny contrast
Yo, damn, that's sick make it on me
Give it to me. Oh, so I was trying to make you young
Please make me young
Please looks like it doesn't work anymore
Yeah, none of these are working
Oh that one
Oh, that's Elon Musk. I think that's supposed to be Arnold Schwarzenegger
Hi y'all see y'all Tim's out of here. All right guys, uh, Tim's leaving
We've lost it
Okay, we're gonna get to cooking
We'll get to cooking
But the food starts at four Kendall
It's the way of the giving
It's Thanksgiving. It's time to give thanks
Um
Damn half of my snap. Oh, there we go. Bye Tim. Tim. Thanks so much for being out here for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
Uh, okay. Tim's not actually done
Tim's still rocking with the free world
I think I also need to cook
Santa's got some work to do. Kendall you want to say say bye to the people with me
Our secret correspondent Kendall is still out here with us
Yeah
There she is she looks great
Oh Merry Christmas
Thanksgiving's almost done that means it's officially Christmas time
DRM, uh copyright free Christmas music. Let's go out with that
It's almost time for grunge miss too guys
Early December we're doing a grunge miss
Wow
Oh
Now that's a little more Santa right there
Let's see who's on to rage yet. You can start making drip grunge coup
Finally drip grunge coup
Who's reviews from the tub again, isn't that a creamy am I crazy?
Is that a is that a non-creamy? Is that just a name that I like reviews from the tub?
Laura Lux is on
Bye Tim
um
Raid it's design time
Raid it's design time. Okay
She reminded Tim to drive nice and safe
It's a Christmas miracle everyone
Merry Christmas everybody
Oh
I think we're going to uh, oh it's clobbering time fantastic. All right. We're gonna raid. Um
Oh, yeah, I should have known that
First of all, I need to follow its design time
Because it's clobbering time. Can I raid straight from here? I can't
How about if I'm from my twitch account slash raid
That also didn't work. All right. I gotta open up my twitch real quick to do this
Santa you look honestly that looks kind of good to me. It's sort of crazy. It's sad it's looking kind of like
That is just looking kind of good. I mean
There we go. Now we're raiding away
Merry Christmas everyone never forget that today is Christmas
I'm just gonna let the whole raid timer count down
Okay, okay fair enough
Send it off. You don't you don't mean turn it up, right?
I mean what needs to be said chat?
I'm keeping my face covered not out of shame out of support
All right guys the raid is happening
In 10 seconds. We will be saying goodbye to dancing santa kendall and hello to its design time. It's clobbering time
Let him know it's Thanksgiving in case he forgot. Maybe he forgot it's Thanksgiving. Have a beautiful and they're gone