six five four three two one
Hello, everybody uncle Phil 2ks 1000 commander gab junk dog gearless Joe nomad msg
Good to see you all
Ooh live in sleazy. That's correct. There is a short
There's a short out on all the social medias
He is just a little dog Ray Silva. I wonder I'm assuming he's doing fine. You do no K. Papito
Everybody's the reason you see you valid out. I can't read again. I'm just smelling your names and they smell great
That's very nice. I'm happy to see you as well. Hello
We're streaming we're counter-streaming cast some again. I
Guess I have to get used to cast them just streaming a little later
I want to start streaming at one, but I just haven't had time
Actually spent about an hour and a half setting up my stream to work on tiktok and it turns out I can't do it
Unless I have 10,000 followers on tiktok. So I guess follow me on tiktok or comment on any video
I post I think it helps spread the the word
All I need is one one good and viral one and then I'm and then I'm good to go
Um, okay, let's see what's going on today
But hot news we have for ourselves
Uh, I guess let's get Jeff over here. We haven't talked to him in a minute and let's um
Let's see
What's in the news shoot
Hello everyone, uh stitching okay, I'm assuming case is stitching okay
I don't know why yeah stitching is great
Stitching is great. You heard it here first
Um, okay
Well, what's going on in the world today?
There it is
Melting polar ice slowing the earth's rotation. Oh my good to see everyone despite this news. That's below me
Uh, it's not beneath me. It's just literally below me. I I'm I'm I actually I'm going to go out on a limb and say
I believe in climate change. Oh, that's a relief. You believe in climate change
I know it's a risky skate statement, but I do believe in it. Congrats. Jeff. Thank you. I'll take it
You could be a one skibbity. Papito in a toilet away from super fame. That's true
Case
Just make a toilet show. I think I already think that's this
Yeah, but like a literal toilet show not just shit
Yeah, maybe if I get a toilet correspondent I could really push me to the next level
Who's to say kids love toilets
And adults have to use them kids use them too. Yes, but adults are compelled
You're on twitter. Oh my god, chris
You're pushing out those huge twitter numbers. You're you're part of the secret bot army that's somehow all over cases twitter
where right now he has
I'm assuming an insane amount of viewership. Yeah, it's who knows how many of the bloop bloops I have on twitter
Isn't shut the toilet guy. I'm not sure
Shut our toilet guy
He you know how he's a science guy, so I don't know
All right. Well, anyway, we've got a news to cover and hey calm down everyone
And the news is um melting polar ice caps. Ah, where is it?
Bring me back my news
There it is
Melting polar ice is slowing earth rotation and may affect time
Is that why you're always late?
Am I I actually don't know when the stream starts so it's unclear
Let's give it a chat the silence science toilet
That would have been a better name
I gotta think of more stunts for for chat to do that's sort of my goal for his segment is for him to do
science stunts
What counts as a stunt anything remotely physical that he can do but he has to be able to do it, you know at a table
Hmm
Are you aging slower? I don't know. We I guess we have to get into this story to find out
Who Peter probably is the toilet guy uncle feel that makes the most sense
Global warming has slowed the earth's rotation and it could affect how we measure time
A study published wednesday found that melting polar ice and accelerating trend driven primarily by human caused climate change
Has caused the earth to spin less quickly than it would otherwise
But how much the author of the study Duncan Agnew
The vice presidential name if I've ever heard one a geophysicist at the Scripps institution of oceanography at the university of california san diego said that ice
said
Said that as ice at the poles melts it changes where the earth's masses concentrate concentrated this change in turn affects the planet's angular velocity
Which I've been told I have excellent angular velocity
Is that a sex thing? No, it's a sports. What's it's all of the above if I put myself at an angle
I'm like a speed skater
I've got power
I'm best when I'm not upright
Okay, agnew compared the dynamic to a figure skater twirling on ice
If you have a skater who starts spinning if she lowers her arms or stretches out her legs and I'm thinking about that right now
She will slow down he said, but if the skaters arms are drawn inward the skater will twirl faster again
I get this all because I have angular velocity
Because you are angular that's probably part of it. I've got very sharp lines
Will this anger the sandworms
Will sandworms affect the spinning of the earth
Um, I'm assuming they would they they're so big
If they if the mass of the earth is changed by their
Warming out and they also suck away all the moisture who knows what that would do
So you're saying I shouldn't introduce sand with the sandworms to the earth's ecosystem. Well, they're not real
So it shouldn't be a problem
I've got some worms
That I could introduce what kind of worms just I got some
Now they're around in you
Who's to say you
I'm just saying I have worms
Did you imagine if earth didn't rotate would it be parallel uh, be like a planet knuckleball?
Ooh, just a sort of a non rotating. Well, I think
I think
That'd probably be bad because one side would freeze
But one side it always be sunny
It's always sunny in pangea earth. Well, I just mean half of the planet would like freeze
Maybe the other half would get way too hot. I don't know assuming there'd be other consequences
That are too stupid to recognize. I guess it's also impossible
Well, who knows if we keep melting the polar ice caps the earth may stop rotating you heard here first
It's the story's not saying that but I'm saying and I just have a feeling that could happen
We're not prepared for mega gravity. I feel like I am
I've got strong core strength
They can't muscle your way through everything chat
I'm about to muscle my way through this story less solid ice at the poles means more mass around the equator
Earth's waste, you know, you know a thing or two about more mass around the waist, right case
No, um, no body shaming. No, we are allowed to do that to you
Oh, you're allowed to do that to me. Everyone's allowed to do that to just you shoot. I forgot. That's one of the rules
What you're doing with ice melting is you're taking water that's frozen solid in places like antarctica in greenland
And that's frozen water is melting and you move the fluids to other places on the planet
Said thomas herring a professor of geophysics at the messachusetts institute of technology
Who was not involved in the new study the water flows off towards the equator
Okay, well, I mean the I'm just curious how much time is slowed
And even a fraction could cause birds to crash into your your brain or something
What I don't know. I'm assuming in a movie that would happen birds would start crashing into people
Birds would be taking out planes because the time timing of everything's changed
I don't know. I don't think I would have well
We're gonna find out the study suggests in other words the human influence has monkeyed with a force that scholars
Stargaze errors and scientists have puzzled over for millennia something lawn considered a constant that was out of humanity's control
It's kind of impressive even to me
We've done something measure that measurably changes how fast the earth rotates agnew said things are happening that are unprecedented
So prepare yourself get a helmet for the birds are coming
It's not there's nothing about birds in this article
But there's no telling what this could do. We're meddling the forces. We barely understand
Even einstein was like I don't get time. I don't know. I think you think you got it better than most of us
Yeah, but he also mucked it all up now it changes if I move too fast or something and I've got high angular velocity
So I could start aging reversely at any moment
Okay, no, but that's fine. Just keep reading his study
Oh my
Oh, there it is
propaganda. Thank you so much
For the sub it was so quiet. I did snuck in there
Yeah, the noise was on a delay. I'll probably gotta thank you for the 16 months
Honestly, the amount of support this man gets is criminal criminal. It's criminal. I've decided his study
Which was published in that journal in the journal nature suggests that climate change is playing a significant role in Earth's rotation to
Conrect an opposing trend because of a combination of factors the earth has begun to spin faster in recent decades
Oh, shoot. Is that me? I'm getting older faster. I'm gonna guess. Yes. Fuck in earth
Uh, it's we gotta spin faster a temporary trend that has prompted scientists for the first time
To consider subtracting a single negative leap second from clocks around the world. I love it. I love it
Oh my god, there's a new hype train
Can we finish the story?
Well, we only have a limited time to unlock exclusive emotes. I don't control the hype train. I'm gonna finish it
Well, here's what we'll do. Well, we'll see. We'll see how long it lasts. Maybe it makes it to level two
He was really going off yesterday, so how much longer is this? I have to hurry. I have to race the hype train
Well, he might die in four minutes
Dying having never been born onto this dream if timekeeping organizations do eventually decide to add a negative
Oh, also, thank you so much to
Um to a microphone 900 for the 750 summoning that little baby hype train currently it's it's
Growing and we'll see if it it's like one of those things you drop in water and you give it a couple minutes
And then it comes out and turns into like a big dragon or something or goku
What, you know those little pills that you put in water and then they become like one of your favorite characters
Yeah, that's the hype train right now
Oh my god, metal chaos
Going with forces we do oh shoot. He hit level two he did
Well, um in summation
The leap second adjustments have historically been added uh, but needed is without climate change or sort daily rotation
Is trended slower over millions of years even though it may seem constant
Um
There's a lot here and I feel like I can't do it justice with the acts of the hype train hanging over my head
He's got a it's a powerful hype act sponge the reefer. Oh man. This hype train is fully formed now
It's not safe for you here. Jeff. You you must flee
Well, I guess I'll be back. Maybe maybe who knows what'll happen. Oh my god. Well, um
We'll check in with this ongoing story after this seemingly possibly never-ending hype train
Yeah, there's no telling there's no telling what this hype train could do
I literally never know although my guess is he'll just sort of rant over beats
But maybe not I don't know it's the hype train. Uh hype train. How are you doing today, buddy?
I'm not you buddy
Yeah, yeah, I see you I see you uncle phil
Yes
100 bits, that's what I like to see
But I like to taste in my little chain tummy
It goes straight into your tummy. Those are papidos bits. He's gonna get upset. Ah, they teleport right into my tummy while I'm alive
Oh sponge the reefer. Thank you so much for the 13 months
Thank you for me the hype train
Are you talking like this? Thank you for me
The hype train
Doesn't feel nice hype train. It feels cruel and mocking. I'm being as kind as I can be
I'm being sincere
metal chaos
Thank you
Stop that hype train. I actually am grateful to these people. So am I?
Don't my I can't help it. That's how I sound when I thank people
Okay, I guess my bad. Well, thank you for recognizing my limitations
I like you better when you just rap. Well, I mean, I'll do that too. Give me a beat
Okay
Find me one that sucks. Look up bad rap beat
And see what you get. I want to beat that sucks ass
Uh, why? I don't know man. Let me a shitty beat
The worst rap beat ever produced
Yeah, this is my chain
Why are you doing this stuff? I want to drive you all insane
I want to see if I can break your mind
I don't like this. Yeah, you're not. I don't want you to
We need a beat
This is so bad. Yeah, it's a bad rap. Yeah. Yeah
It's a smash hit
Another one
Another one
Well, with any luck this is short
No another 20 minutes at this please. I've already driven you insane
Mission accomplished
The earth is slowing. We need more seconds
We need more seconds for our slow planet
and that's
You're testing our you're testing my mental fortitude today. I've trained originally. I think you're about to die
Nah, something will come through and power me back up
And listen to this
Look at this free diss rap beat
This is apparently a
This is an aggressive rap beat featuring this
killer clown
Thanks lex nor beats for this hype clown beat. This beat is so aggressive
I kind of miss that shitty beat. This beat might be shitty too
Yeah, but it's normal
I can't listen to those shitty hype beats all day. Anyway, you're about to die
Now I'm not
I'm not staying alive hype train
No tracks on the track because you cannot kill me. I'm gonna
Mercifully short today
That hype train was no match
For our ever-changing timescape here on earth
R.I.P
He's about to he's about to go off and I for one. Thank you chat for both the support and for killing him
I win either way either you either you dump a bunch of support and that summons the hype train or you kill him and either way
I'm happy
This stream is all about win-win
Speaking of which, uh, let's send it back to jeff who is in the middle of talking about the planet being destroyed
Um, well not to just slowed
Or sped up. I'm a little confused. I thought it said that it was speeding up for a second there
Yeah, I'm a little confused too
But the headline is that it's slowing and that we need an extra second
So now I'm chill I get more time to look this good
And I'm fine with the planet doing whatever it needs to do based on us driving lots of cars and having factories
You're fine with global warming now. I mean, I'm not I'd prefer not to have it
But I also love having a car. I love industrial goods
And I don't mind having a little more time. I mean, I feel like I'm always behind
I don't know if this is gonna help you in that regard and a whole extra second a year think of what I can do in that second
What can you do? I can be like
I could touch my little face for an extra second. Um, I'm gonna lick my teeth
Doesn't seem that fulfilling it means a lot to me
Anyway, the friction of the ocean tides
Doing parts of the moon's gravitational pull full slows the earth's rotation
meanwhile
Since the last ice age the earth's crust has been uplifting
Some regions as it responds to the removal of ice sheets weights
This is very scientific
Kind of makes you feel like this is the kind of story that could have been covered by it
No, don't you have to be careful. You might literally summon them if you're not careful
I mean, there's just no telling you might try to try to monopolize all the science
What the fuck do they think they're doing I'm the new science representative of this show
And I will not be denied
The ability to plot my trade of skyance
Which is a meaningful and important activity to me
Yeah, yeah, that's fucked up that they were coming for your spot, man
Yeah, I don't like to see them try to do that to you. Thanks chitai
I will be the one to read the science. I don't have a stunt today, but
If there is science, I'm the only one qualified to handle it because I am a science guy now
That is true, and I haven't got your back 100% and that means the world to me my proprietary ai
Goddamn
Well, anyway, let's get into this ship. Feels fucking good
To be a science man. I now I don't even have to deal with case. I could actually talk to someone reasonable
Exactly dog
You got this chat. No one reads like you
This ai was programmed perfectly. It's good to see everybody by the way all of our skies heads in chat
we love the powers of Pythagorems and
Calculation calculations
And uh, and I I don't fear the science and that's why whatever the earth speed is I understand that it's basically just
a rotation of
thing
Well, I'll read it and it'll tell me this I'm gonna today. I'll be doing some studying live of this event
Since the last ice age the earth crust has been uplifting in some regions
As it responds to the removal of ice sheets white
The effect shifts where mass is distributed and speeds up the planet spin
Both of those processes are fairly constant and have predictable rates
um
It's just it's saying that
To the point at the beginning of the article bro that the changing mass of the planet is affecting
How it spins
Don't talk down to me. I'm just trying to explain man. It's all love. Don't fucking talk down to me
Well, but I
I get I get it
Another factor is the movement of fluid within earth's liquid inter core a wild card like me that can either speed or slow
How fast the earth rotates agnew said fluctuations in the air's color are a primary reason that the planet has rotated faster
And will be otherwise expected in recent then would otherwise
Be expected in recent decades. Is that us doing that to the core?
Well, I think that's the kind of thing bro that we would probably need more information on if you get
Dog, but I have all the information right here. Why aren't I getting it? Well, you just have to probably think a little bit my man
No, bd
Feel like this robot's talking down to me. No, man. I'm your boy. I'm here to help
Yeah, but I feel like every time you explain something that I feel dumb. Well, that don't that's not the intention
And that's not how learning happens. Now you're fucking talking down to me for real. Oh shit. I'm your boy
Is he my boy? Why is he talking? Why is he acting like I'm it's not my science show
Don't do this man for friends. I know maybe
The faster spin has led timekeepers to consider for the first time since coordinated universal time was officially adopted in the 1960s
Whether it might make some sense to subtract a leap second to keep universal time in like step with earth's orbit
But I don't know if I give a fuck about the universe this time
I'm sort of on my time and my time happens to be earth time
So maybe the universe can fucking stain its lane
Well, don't I fucking get that like you got to be about your business
But I do think in this case they're more so referring to keeping accurate time for things like astronomical
Astronomal calculations astronomical calculations. I get what you're saying. Now. That's my kind of word
We just ask superman to fly around the world backwards again, and it would be fixed
That's a good point
And I guess to your point if we need a man who's super
I can think of one guy
Who might have started this skill and the speed and the desire to move faster than any man has ever moved before
And if I do enough leg day
Then maybe I can move at a speed that will eliminate the need for all of this fuss about leap seconds
Or leap minutes or leaping on top of time and fucking putting it in a fucking arm bar and shit
I will do this for us. I will start running right now and I will slow down time speed up time
And then the courtesy of your super chat everything will be a okay. Well
That's a really nice sentiment dude. That's fucking sick, but that I have to warn you
I don't think you're capable of moving at the speed and it's questionable science that that would
Oh my god, you're being cannot can we set you off of buzzkill mode?
My bad dog you do you man. I believe in you
Okay, that's what I like to hear
Starting to get on my fucking he's starting to wax on my nerves
All right, um as climate change is changing intensifies reaches expect ice melt to have an even more profound effect on the planet spins
It will have a bigger contribution as time goes on and as melt accelerates as we expect it's likely to do
He added that the new study was a thorough solid analysis that combines research for several disciplines of skies
The need for timekeepers to adjust
Universal time to stay in line with the earth rotation is not a definite pin up pin. You know, I'm a nine
But historically that has involved adding leap seconds to the common standard for clock twin earth slowings because it's a
Dynamical time to go behind atomic time, which is measured by the vibration of atoms in the atomic
clocks
I get it now. There's different times for atoms and shit, but
I'm sort of on that human time that adam and eve time if you will
And so like I could kind of just I will do our own thing, but then these extremities can keep can just fucking
Um, well, yeah
Actually, yes. Yeah. Yeah. Good point. Oh now. I like how you're talking
Yeah, man. What you're saying makes sense. Long your fucking show
Oh, now see we're getting along again
Okay
Adding or subtracting leap seconds is a pain because they have a potential to disrupt satellite
financial and energy transmission systems that rely on extremely precise timing because of that global timekeepers voted in
2022 to do away with leap seconds
Editions and subtractions by 2035 and let universe time drift away from the pace of earth's rotation
Now that's what I'm talking about. You got to assert dominance in these situations. You can't be some fucking baby
That's changing every time the wind blows. Oh, no, maybe mars will have some different time or some shit
I don't care man. We we got to do us
And that's what they decided to do and honestly like we're kind of got your back on this like I think what you're saying makes
All the sense in the world. You gotta stay on top of your own schedule, dude
Don't let other people set it for you. Thank you so much. Chita. I did think I was onto something
When the alarm clock says get up you better get up exactly it's no fucking days
I listen to one of these guys. He's an inspiration. His name is Henry goggles
And every day he gets up he puts his goggles on and he fucking jumps into a river and he swims for like eight miles
And I want to live my life that way too, and I'm not gonna let the universal time stop me from being me
You know, I mean
He's talking at the same time, isn't he? Yeah
Did you just read my mind? No, we're just not in sync, dude
What the fuck?
And there's been a push since about 2000 to get rid of leap seconds. Okay. Anyway, uh scientists
Expect sea levels to rise and accelerate as the climate warms well
Who cares about that a process that will continue for hundreds of years. Okay, get back to the time stuff
Last year top polar researchers warned in a report that parts of key ice sheets could collapse in the coastal community
Should be prepared for many feet of sea level rise
I thought we're talking about time
If humanity allows average global temperatures to rise by two degrees celsius
The planet could be committed to more than 40 feet of sea level rise
But as long as we're fucking asserting dominance over time, I'd say that's the more important thing here
Yeah, we're really getting off topic here like I mean what they're saying is true
But honestly like I was here for the time stuff
Yeah, can you not assert your sea level issues into my time science? I will get confused
I'll get very very confused
Time is a flat circle. Well, yeah, it's on a clock face microphone 900
Hell yes, that's what I'm talking about. We're all about simplifying science here. I'm not said I wouldn't do
That I wouldn't do a
Uh a stunt today, but this has me thinking and when I think I like to think it all the way through
If adding water to shit changes the speed at which it rotates and I'm in a chair that rotates
Then if I chug a bunch of liquids then seemingly it should affect the rate at which I spin
um
What well
Are you gonna fucking doubt me again? No, I'm not doubting you
I just don't
See how that you don't you have to prove anything man. I do have to I'm here to do science
We just read a whole article. I'm not gonna confirm the fucking results
Well, I just don't know if that will dog that will confirm the results on
Look you do you man. Do you okay? Do you that's what I like to hear
Let's see. Let's see how I can do. I don't know if this is quite enough water
I think I need more let me get a big fucking thing of water and I'll be right back
Just give me one second here. I'm gonna see if
Now we're fucking talking now. This is a thick ass big old wavy fucking cup of water
Look part of science it bends as it approaches my mouth
Now for the purpose of confirming our results
We need a placebo. So first I'm gonna spin
And we'll see if it will clock my speed measure my speed chita
Um, okay dog. I mean, I'll I'll try
From what point from the point where I start spinning or some shit
All right
So we give us we give ourselves a good spin with a lot of force because this has to be consistent
What was my time chita?
um
Two
to what?
seconds
It felt quicker than that. It was probably between one and two seconds. You didn't get an accurate measurement 1.5 seconds. Oh, okay
all right 1.5 now
Seemingly if I chug all this fucking water then it should affect the rate at which I spin
So let's get the fucking music. Let's get the fucking track bumping and let's fucking do this
You ready for this chita? Well, I guess I just need that's a lot of water. It's just fucking water
Don't be a fucking baby. This is what the earth has to go through every day because of the climate
All right
I'll do this quickly
It's good for me
Okay, so maybe you don't have to drink it's just water if you're not nobody needs to see you drink it up
Chita fucking chill, dude
Don't you have my back? I'm not gonna present. Okay. You're choking good. All right. Again. It's just fucking water
This is not against to us
You got to drink it fast because that's I'm trying to simulate the speed at which the polar ice caps are melting
This is how we save the world. This is what the earth goes through every day
Look yourselves in the mirror and ask
Do you want to put our brave mother god through this or should we freeze these ice caps?
Oh, I'm so full of water. Who knows the speed at which I'll spin now
Okay, that's pretty good. I should probably get a second glass though just to really confirm the results
What why?
Because who knows the ice caps are melting like crazy
And we got approved to the people that this is
But they need to stop
I'm with the people here. You're gonna get sick
Nah
It's just water
But is it
Or is it destroying the planet?
um
I don't know how you're doing this
I'm in support
That's what I like to hear man. You're a true friend and a real robot. I'm gonna go fill this up again
When I get back, I should be full of enough water as the like the planet and then we'll sign
Usually I only drink liquids with proteins in them. So it's hard to drink this much water
But I think after this we'll be able to accurately do this experiment
This is news
We're gonna confirm if what's happening to the earth is also happening to me
I need some fucking tracks though. I'll do this. Can I get some fucking science music?
Chita, can you pull up some science music, please?
I'm feeling very unsciency right now
Check your scientific acumen yesterday. Happy crying tears of joy. Thank you so much
Ska-pocalypse
And we're trying to avoid the wapocalypse, which is the waterpocalypse. Anyway, Chita, can you pull up some fucking sick ass?
um science music for me while I'll do this
um, uh, sure, um science music
I'm I'm pulling deep into the internet archive to find you science music
That's science verse music
um
Okay
Science song and now
These are songs of science also from sci-fi music. Oh, there we go
3.14159. This is pie. This is pretty good. Actually six five three five eight. Nice. Okay. You're good now. Okay good
Nine then three two three. Oh, mg. Can't you see eight four six two six four three and now we're on a screen
38 and 32 now we're blue. Oh who knew seven thousand nine hundred fifty and then I do
88 and forty one so much fun now a run
I can feel my center of gravity changing. It's so fucked up that we're doing this to the planet, too
Oh nine, where's the wine seven four? It's on the four the night for nine two three. Oh, we gotta go seven eight
Man, I wish I had some protein in this water because it just tastes like water to me
Which is my body needs more. I've trained it to absorb more nutrients
Oh, my hands are huge by the way. There's a ton of water
Oh, thank you guys for watching if you want to get the song we'll put links for itunes and anywhere else in the description
That you can check out. This is how the planet feels
Break to your friends, okay, but he'll stop plugging your music on my channel science playlist
Okay, I can tell that I'm absolutely fucking stuffed with water
And now we have to remeasure our initial results, which were what were they again shittai 1.5
Jack can we confirm that that it was a 1.5 second spin? No, it's fine. You
It's not on them. I got you. All right. I guess I'll trust you
The fuck is I need epic fucking music now
All right, let's see
Brace yourselves. I have to and it's also on me
To scientifically understand the rate at which I push myself
but my thighs have been trained basically to be like a
A pneumatic system of science and so I will push myself with the exact same amount of force
And we'll see if it's affected the rotation of the jet
Oh, man, I feel like shit water sucks dude. I can't see why the planet hates it too. All right, here we go
That fucking hurt
It's I don't think it's supposed to hurt that was much slower, but it seemed you just pushed a lot slower
Chita, do you have my back or not? I'll push for the exact same amount of force. Oh, I believe in you dog. So
It was that one was more like three or four seconds. Well, which was it? Well either way that's slower
Oh, that's a good point
You estimated your scientific results and we'll round up to say it was four seconds
And that means that if we keep this up the earth's rotation could slow as much as a as by a factor of like
Two or three it could it could get slow as fuck it for not careful
Yeah, 3.5. Um, that's like almost three times as slow
Uh, yeah, well, you know more slowly over two times
Well, you know, I'm very good estimation. Well, thank you. I'll pride myself on my sky
I think what we've proved here today is that if we don't start like
Recycling our plastics or some shit or like saving rainforest or something
You know, whatever that shit is that you have to do apparently
The earth is going to get bloated as fuck and have to like definitely piss in the next two or three minutes
Or time will break forever. So keep that in mind chat when you're just fucking
Leaving your air conditioning on and taking flamethrowers to the north pole and then just lighten it up and shit
Or whatever people are doing to make that stuff melt
We got to like eat plants or something
And I think together we can do it because together we prove that science is real and as a doctor
Now my diagnosis is that we've done it and together for the future we can all make it happen
And that is check out is as as
He freaking sniped my story right out from under me
Yeah, I gotta be careful throwing the word science around now. I'll keep that in mind
I mean on the bright side. I didn't have to do any work
Although on the less bright side, I feel like sympathetically. I feel like I'm full of water now
Me too, man. It's weird how that works very weird how that works. I feel like waterlog now
Although honestly, it's probably good for him. I mean, it's good to drink a ton of water
Yeah, that might have been too much water. I don't know. It's just water
I'll go drink another cup right now. No, that's fine
You really don't need to you sure I have my own huge ass mug
I'd be happy to
No, we we're good
Look up drowning hard way to go
Yeah, well, but we're this is the amount of water we can handle
Now we're fine. Okay. I guess I won't
I do feel weirdly full of water. Yeah, I'm sure I'm sure you do
Well, anyway, I guess we tag team that story technically although really it was stolen
But I think it's important that we play as many graphics as possible
So I'm still gonna sign off and say
The the planet may be slowing and that means that my beard is growing
At an even slower rate meaning I don't have to trim it as often for me
This story was all upside and I'll see you on the other side of the ripple
Meaning the ripples past you but more are coming in the future and I'll be on that one. I'm jeff ripple
whoa
Papito, how you doing?
You feeling like you're oddly full of um
Of liquids or anything you feeling okay, buddy
Uh, papito had to use the bathroom. So I just ran over here
The hell he had to use the bathroom
He had to he was rockin watching all that water get drunk and he made him have to use the bathroom
He's going. Oh, he's right here. Oh, he's right here. I sorry. I had to pee
So I went into the corner and peed on the electronics. Pita stop doing that
I had to bring the electronics to the corner. I just
I don't want to just pee on the corner
I just be peeing on the floor. That would be better
Well, anyway, I piled up everybody's iPhones and I peed on them just to absorb the pee
Papito bad
Papito, that's bad dog
Papito
Bad dog chat saying good doc. Thank you
Thank you
But I'm saying bad dog the chat says good little doc. Thank you
Okay, I've got leveled me off
You can't hit me with
You can't hit me with that kind of emotional stuff, man
Throwing that word around it hits me
Coverage has been requested. Um, can you tell of what papito? Let me check my catalog?
Hmm
Doesn't say well, I will see you whatever you want
um
Coverage of the UTI
You dash T. Oh use the internet
I see I see
Did you want to use the internet with case?
um
You know peter has to make a song today, so I guess I'll
Use it with peter
UTI unless unless five and sleazy just wanted the coverage of a urinary tract infection
Oh, I'm surprised you know that phrase
Well, I just have had a lot of them
Because I live on the streets and I eat lots of things that are essentially plastic
Oh, okay. Yeah
Okay, well, uh, let's um with trip
Use the internet with trip
I guess I could have trips sit in for me
Okay
Wait, no, he refuses to come inside
Oh, yeah
So I can't
Oh, yeah
You guys just mean you fuck
I don't know. Wait, let's take it over to the internet
Yeah, let's um
Anyway, peter's already out of the wall, so I'll just I'll use the internet with him, I guess
Uh, because he he does have to come out of the wall anyway to sing his song
I shouldn't have made that a sub girl that is on me. I feel like I'm enabling him
um, but
He's here, so
Peter, how you doing buddy?
Well, it feels good to be invited for once
I'm peter gibbon. I'm not just a man in the walls
I'm also
Um, I'm in I'm a news news. What do we do here?
It's supposed to be news. Oh
I thought you were opening like a quiz nose or something
What made you think that I don't know. There's a lot of screens
Quiz nos have screens where you they put up what you can order
So I thought maybe you're building a quiz nose. Oh my god, whatever. Um
You want to use the internet? I love to I get a stock pile of phones. Actually. Have you seen where they went?
Why'd you have a stock pile of phones? I don't know in case the value goes up
I think they're in the corner. They're glistening
Yeah, that's nice. They look shiny now. Yeah, they're really glistening. Okay. Well, I'll use I'll get those later. Um
Let's use the internet
together
Let's see. What's on the internet today
Um, I'll start from the bottom
Because it's case you don't keep up with this internet thread very well
Uh, it looks like there's some excellent submissions from live and sleazy sabrichi
um
Why can't I see this name just says c dot dot dot
There's a couple c names it could be
Sorry, my this discord is not is not helping me here, but thank you for all your submissions
Well, we're gonna run through these. Let's see what we got in here. Uh, stop that freaking music
Stop the damn music. All right. Um
No, not got you
Not there
There it is. Okay
Oh full screen. Oh shoot. Okay. We need the full screen. What the frick?
Is not working for me today. Sorry
What the fuck? Why won't this full screen?
It literally stops playing when I full screen it
That's so weird
No
I guess I have to download it. I don't know why it is this way
But we'll just do it that way
When the going gets tough the tough
Just download a video. Okay. There it is
This courtesy of live and sleazy
He just out that man that's so impolite
He's got a strong putting up some defense. He's defending in the paint
And I have a one I'm not sure who shied to be on annoying guy one or annoying guy two
Um
That guy's plan finally worked. Yeah, why was he just dressed like that? I'm guessing he was just dressed like that
Hmm
Does that count as a salt? I don't know. Not really. It's more like um aggressive grinding
Does it count as a salt that that guy's out there just ranting with a microphone a salt on your ears?
Uh, no. Oh, that's fair. Did you whipped?
I'm rooting against orange kid because you need music to be dancing like that. That was weird that he had no music
Maybe we can set it to music
um
Let's get some dance music going and just watch that again and see if it feels less aggressive
Club Bix 2024
Now this I like this now they look like they're having fun
Yeah
Hmm. Well, it still looks a little awkward. Okay. Well
Marry her anyway
All right, hopefully they use the internet thread starts behaving because it is a little annoying to download those one at a time
Um
And yet it is not. Okay, let's try one other thing. There we go. Now it's working
Uh, I believe this is courtesy of
Live this also live and sleazy. Uh, let's see what we've got going on here
This looks like some fun at an amusement park
that
Oh Kendall's calling
How is it still working at all?
Also, how have they not stopped it?
All right, let's check check in with Kendall case
Yeah, let's check in with Kendall. Look, it's Kendall everybody. Oh chat. I'm driving home. There's a car behind me
That's tailgating me. I'm thinking about using my windshield wipers. Oh the aggressive windshield wiper
Yeah, uh, I'm gonna squirt them water and then they're gonna get so mad that they're not going to tailgate me anymore
Because i'm getting their windshield all dirty with dirty water
Chat says use a gun, but I'm gonna say don't
You know, I have a stun gun. Maybe I can open my window
I can get them to open their window
And then you tape down the button you throw it in the car
Did you tape down the button to activate it throw it in the car?
Yeah, no, I'm thinking I open my window. They open their window. I get so close
That I can just grab them with my own arm. Oh, I like this. Okay
Well, be safe. We'll see you probably around the end of the stream
Okay
I feel like I'm distracting you. I don't want you to get an accident
Oh, it's just this motherfucker
He's gone now motherfucker. Okay. Bye. Bye
Wow
Kendall's road raging. Oh my god. She's so mad
It's not safe on the roads for other travelers when Kendall's got that level of
curiosity
Uh, this is courtesy of
Uh, the name is just showing up as c dot dot dot, but I recognize
At least recognize the uh profile pic
Anyway, I don't even know what I'm saying. Let's just watch this
Somehow it has something to do with adam corolla. I don't know. Let's see what's going on
Hi there
Hey, Aaron. How's it going today? It's going fine
Thank you so much for connecting on a call and I would love to say that thank you for being a part of this paid
On that event
So a few days ago a long suffering and very patient person who reads all of my emails got a suspicious looking
invitation for me to appear on adam corolla's podcast
I thought it was probably what scam for, you know, a bunch of obvious reasons
But I was also curious to see what would happen
If we went along with it and where exactly it would go. You want to know a huge red flag
Uh, it's that as soon as we said yes
The number of emails we got was absurd. They were so oh my gosh for me to get on this zoom call with them
And that call
Man, it was great. It's going to be a free flank conversation
Where you'd have to talk about your life story. I want to listen to this podcast
All about the career, how did you get started? Are they going to ask for his banking information?
You can mention the email. I'll turn up the audio
So that they have more material to talk about, uh, with you. Okay. Okay
I have not received that. Okay. You have not received it
Let me just make sure yeah, because I I mean, I'm bcc done these and I see it right here
I received it. Yeah, I received how are they scamming. This is one of the weirdest scams I've heard of
And then adam corolla
So just to catch people up because apparently it was quiet
He's been getting emails to go on the adam corolla podcast
um
but
It seems to be a scam what the scam is exactly
I don't know. Is this guy a celebrity? I have not heard of him, but you know, I live in a wall
So I'm not that up on pop culture. Anyway, let's continue
All right, sure. So have you ever joined the podcast to your face scammer trick shot? Maybe that is what this is
I don't I don't I don't have a facebook account. So I suppose I can make one for this
Not not your account. This is if in birds account. Let me share my screen. Yeah, that's me. Yeah, erin reynolds. That's right
That's me. Yeah, I'm erin reynolds. Yeah, it is by you you can connect
But I don't have access to that account that belongs to my publishers
I can make a facebook account if you create a new account. There'll be no followers in that
Okay, can you can you send me a link to an existing one of these so I can see what they look like
Because when I go to adam corolla's facebook page, I don't see any existing live streams
So we do have paid live streams that are automatically
Can you send me a link to any one of them, please? I want to zoom call right now. Sure
You have any faith you just showed me sharing your screen. I'm so confused as to what the scam is many facebook tabs that you have open
I'm on adam corolla's facebook page right now. I do not see any past live stream videos
Sir when the live goes in it will automatically get disappeared. It will not showcase for long for so long
There's a brand endorsements on this podcast
Oh, okay, next podcast. We do have other brand endorsements
We're not allowed to post even for next 24 hours
That's really bad. That's why aren't you allowed to that adds up. We post that on the facebook
Just call me bro
All right, we all
I think we're not good for this
We're not here. You're not he's hanging up on him
Yeah, you're not good for this because you're because you're not related to adam corolla
I'm related to adam corolla in what way i'm ready to
Neil de graze tyson
both
And currently I can you show me that's great. So why don't you show me the neil de graze tyson?
The man who's doing you can't even pronounce. All right. Oh, that's me. That's a lot on the professional page for
Why is he showing up? Yeah 2.5 million followers. Yeah, how can I manage this page by the way?
So this is something else. This is not the adam corolla show. This is star talk
so you you just uh
Told me that open the account open the page
So just adam corolla upset his microphone is so red right now
But I I do have control mr. Beast account as well. Oh my god. He reps mr. Beast, too
So you do a live stream here
That you then immediately delete they delete the podcast because they need to do that next podcast after 24 hours
What?
Okay, well, so unless you can show me one of the previous ones. I don't know how I can convince my publisher that we should have access
We're not going to do this
Let me turn on my camera. Why are you staying?
I really oh wait. I want to see something that I can't stream
Oh, fuck it needs an update from a zoom. So please end the call. It's okay. You can end it whenever you like
No
No, you can end the call. No, you can end the call
No
No, you hang up
What is happening?
All right. Okay. Goodbye. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Have a good one. Bye. Cheers
What?
I am a little confused
What was the point?
Not of the video. I'm a fan of the video, but what is the scam?
um
It's just the thrill of getting to be adam corolla for a day
It's a fantasy. We've all had
Who is ever fantasized about being adam corolla?
I don't know
Jimmy Kimmel
I think if anything that'd be the reverse
I mean me. Why have you fantasized about being adam corolla? Just to have that level of of wit and
Pull no punches
And just off the cuff
And being one of the guys come on everybody's fantasized about being adam corolla
I that's so low on my list of of people I would like to be. Well, you gotta update your list
You must not listen
He says the stuff that most uncles are afraid to say
He's really repping those those unfiltered uncles absolutely probably the king of them
If he's an uncle, I'm not sure but he's got that energy and I wish and if I could just get 2% of that
I'd be invited to so many barbecues instead of none
I'm ashamed to I will admit. I'm invited to zero barbecues. You got one coming up. Uh, no
You object to that uncle fill 2k
Yeah, quit misrepresenting uncles. We've got some of the best uncles in the world in chat like uncle fill 2k
I saw a talk where Pete Holmes told him to eat shit
That was good for him
So what was the scam? Oh wait. No, I get the scam. I do get to be adam corolla
So that was no scam. It was just somewhat fantasizing. I get it. I do the same thing
It definitely was a scam of some sort. I just am so unclear. I guess eventually you agreed to be on the show
I don't I just maybe they're trying to promote some product
Although it was the guy is erin reynolds really famous
He has a publisher. I just think it's a guy who wants to be adam corolla. All right. Well
We'll never get to the bottom of this
He's all the the the description says he was offered
$25,000 to appear on this podcast, which obviously wasn't gonna get
But I am just generally confused as to
As to what the motivation of the fake adam corolla was
Part of me wants to know
But another part of me is too lazy to find out
And that's that's always the struggle
You know, we'd love to look into these things, but also
Exactly, you know, peter for once I agree with you. Yeah
Yeah, we get each other on this one
Rivery wool says I think they are trying to get login info and see where else it'll work
Or it's some weird dumb thing where it gets you have to send us 25k first. Oh, okay
That's impressive that we've gotten to a level where you can scam people with a potential podcast appearance
Well, everybody's got their own channel and everybody has something to promote so
If I got an email to appear on the adam corolla podcast, who knows what I'd be willing to give up
Firstborn son at least
No, well, I mean it's just one of them
Give up one kid for an appearance on the adam corolla podcast
You'd be setting that kid up for life potentially off one appearance
You could be selling so many protein supplements and
new tropics
I don't have any of those to sell. Oh, you got to update your skill stack
All right. Um, peter. Let's let's let's move on. Okay
Um
apex wrestling
This is also currency alive and sleazy. Again, we are going from the bottom to the top
We're going with the most recent ones
This appears to be
Just two young athletes
Hi in the prime of their life playing their trade case. Why don't you watch this one?
Hey, why me that's fine though
What the fuck they look like they've become one man
It's it's that thing from dune that the uh, that the white bald guys kept as a pet
This is a wild. This is wild that his body can even do this
valdo
Valdo has been defeated, but the soul still burns
Sorry, this is
Did he score a point? How does wrestling work? I'm so confused
Shouldn't they have called that right away? Well, I think his shoulders weren't on the mat
Look like both. They look like they both shared a set of shoulders
I don't know the rules
Maybe they were maybe that was a scam. Maybe one of them was adam corolla trying to convince the other one
They're a wrestler. I have somebody probably I mean they blew a whistle somebody scored a point
That's how I assume it works at least if I hear a whistle. I assume I assume I just scored
That's
I don't like that. I don't I don't like what you just said what I just don't okay
Let's see what else
This courtesy of a sabrici, I believe
Whoa
Um, okay, this is a tiktok nice. Let's see what's going on
All right
Who wore it better?
All right. No the dog
Wow
Honestly a little hard
It was a little hard to tell the last one that it was cutting to the fake to the real thing
Because I thought it was just an insane person in their apartment
I think those looks are all fire. I think we should update our look to maybe be one of these guys
I mean
We're all dressed like this you might start pulling in those views. I'd leave nothing to the imagination in an outfit like this
We can leave we can leave some to the imagination. I'm fine with leaving a fair amount to the imagination actually
Oh, no
I don't know if I like the look of this one
but
I have no choice but to use the internet and see what's going on
Oh
What
Everything feels like a scam today. Keep getting scammed
You just got adam corolla that man is asking you to be on his podcast and he'll pay you $5,000
I I refuse to answer the call. Well, that's your mistake
I would go on that man's podcast in a second
Who knows what we could discuss. I like to vibe. You liked that guy's vibe. You got a confidence to him
Or them I don't want to make assumptions. Um
And I like what they're putting down the tattoos look nice
What's your type, man? I don't have a type
I'm open
To the world and to good conversations. So I what I say is if you happen to be watching
bubble bath tub
Go to daddy. Let me know if you got a podcast happy to come on
Yeah, but you're literally desperate to talk to anyone. That's true
That's true. Sorry. I didn't mean to I didn't mean to
That was me. No, it's honest and I appreciate that
Okay, um
This is another live in sleazy. Oh wait, first we got one from
Why wouldn't it show me people's names?
Come on discord. Look me up with people's names
Maybe there's maybe they're censored so that I can't dox their ass. Anyway
This is courtesy of the use the internet thread. We'll sleeve it that
Good old reddit videos loading oddly. Let's see what's happening
appears to be elephant related
Oh my god
Okay, I thought that was a person for a second
Oh
Shit
Is this thing going rogue or are the two people on top?
Trying to fuck these cars up using an elephant
Oh discord trims usernames and stream running mode. Okay, that makes sense. Well, I shouldn't I shouldn't dox people without their permission
Anyway, just trying to credit the videos to who shared them
Holy hell
I can't tell if the people on top are not are unable to prevent this from happening or if
They want this to happen
Oh, they spread this up people are staying surprisingly close to this elephant
Yeah, babar is king and the king is angry. Holy shit
Let's see if there's any information on this in the reddit thread
Happy to peruse some reddit
Let's see
A decorated elephant named dev devidasan was participating in a temple festival
And it broke free from its lease two caretakers riding the elephants back tried to calm it down
No, over hell it quickly demolished a motorbike and auto rickshaw and a small truck with its trunk
While no one was injured it took several hours to pacify the elephant this happened eight years ago
Wow
Well never piss off an elephant
But what if it's being an asshole
I don't think you stand a good shot peter
I'm just saying i'm not afraid to tell it like it is if an elephant's being a jerk
Just like adam corolla. I will tell it like it is
All right, man. Good luck with that. Well, we'll see if I run into an elephant
But I you know just so you know elephants you don't get a free pass just because you're an elephant
I will tell it like it is even if it upsets you
I don't i'm not afraid to sacrifice a motorbike or two in the service of truth
I am amazed how calm every I mean look like everyone was pretty chilled out staying surprisingly close to that elephant that was
It definitely just going ham although also respect the elephant for taking it out on not living creatures
It was pissed off purely it
The the brutal uh mechanical inventions of man
Speaking of brutality, let's see what's going on with this still frame. This could go somewhere bad
Okay, never mind. It seems fine
It's important to warm up for busking
We just can't see it but there's a bunch of
Catherine zeta jones style lasers that he's dodging if anything I feel inspired
Work on my flexibility
They were working it
uh good for them
I'm assuming they went and stole something
And they earned it if you limber up that much you deserve a diamond or two
So I hope that the that the heist went well
They were very limbered
All right, we got some sports coming through
We don't cover sports enough on this network
Maybe someday I'll get a sports correspondent
Which I'd assumed would be chat but chat's actually our science guy now. So let's see what's going on here
Rookie's Anthony black and grady dick
One from arkansas the other from cancels
It's changing jerseys
and
They know what they were doing
Was that intentional?
Let's let's check the tape one more time
Rookie's yeah, they're smiling. They know what's up
One from arkansas the other from cancels
It's changing jerseys
jerseys extinct
I mean, you know, it's teamwork teamwork or sorry, it's sportsmanship
It is in fact sportsmanship if you turn if you reverse the the the jerseys
That's not as exciting. So
I do think they knew what they were doing. Well, but you're making you see we're being this is
We have to spoil everything. It's just too
skilled
aspiring
Collegiate athletes with a show of sportsmanship and we're making it dirty and I'm disappointed in all of us
I'm just kidding. It's pretty good. Okay
I'm using the silence to generate laughter. No, you're not you're just being weird and quiet
Oh oops, okay. Um, well, let's
Another sports clip
um
And maybe this one's courtesy of the bbc as well
The last one wasn't
Oh
Let's just see what's going on
My goodness, oh my gosh, they got confetti falling right now
confetti is falling on the floor. They're gonna have to stop playing
We can't see our notes. The players can't work on this court confetti is everywhere
This guy's pumped for this. We've been waiting for this moment
Oh, no confetti
There's not a lot of this confetti that made it on the court most of it
fell on us
But I think they were just trying to honor you Kevin. You deserve confetti everywhere you go. Wow
These guys love confetti officials wisely stopped it. But that that was an early ejection right there
And they have to they got to reload it now for the winner. I mean my goodness
Wow, you might have to go confetti less at least I think this is just more sportsmanship
They're saying both teams are winners and they love how the game is going
Dude look how much this guy loves confetti
This man needed a win
Ian his wife had a three hour screaming match right before the game
As the confetti comes on he just sets sheds a single tear. There are some fewer moments in this world
Wow
Early confetti
You never know
What'll make a sports correspondence day? That's why it's important to celebrate the little things
Like confetti. Oops. There we go
Is that for me? That's for the sports correspondent
Wow, there's confetti everywhere. Oh my god. We're gonna have to pause the new broadcast. It's every wow
Can you do that again?
No, not that one. Wow
There's confetti everywhere
This is the best day of my life
Oh, wow. Wow. Wow. I needed this
You're welcome Peter. Can I take that back into my wall? Can I scoop up all the confetti and take it to my wall?
Did you leave the wall? No
All right, then you can have the confetti. Yes
I don't want to clean it up myself. You fool freaking fatty
Okay, let's do like a couple more of these. I'll make the decisions around here. Let's do a couple more of these
Okay. Well, we're in agreement
This is also courtesy of liven sleazy. Let's see what we got
Uh-oh
Uh-oh, uh-oh
Oh, shit
It does not have much of a back
Hate it when that happens
You're minding your own business and then judgment comes for you
That's happening you
Well, when you spend enough time in walls, you run into some real characters. So yeah, that's happened to me
Maybe you should get an apartment
They're just so big
I like a nice wall space
I'm a man of
modest needs
I think you're just a creep that likes to spy on people
Potato potato
Okay, uh, let's uh, let's do two more of these and we'll get out of here for the day
Because I do want to leave you, but you just had an abortion
twins
Yeah double homicide
Bitch
shit
I like to call that the chasm instinct and she couldn't fight it
So let's run that one more time because I do want to leave you, but you just had an abortion
twins
Yeah double homicide
Bitch
I mean, I shouldn't laugh you shouldn't laugh
But you got it you got to give it up for that adam corolla style unfiltered statement. Yes, sir inner adam corolla
Or whatever you said cast him g
She let the she let you know
What are people saying?
They let their ghost thoughts get to them
No, that's not what they say
They let that
Inner shadow the hedgehog get to them
And I don't think that's what they say either. Well, we'll go that I'm coral of them
Uh, let's scroll up. We're gonna pick one totally at random
These are all pretty we should do this more often. I should make a whole use the internet
I'll make that should be my next goal
After now that we have check out the science eyes is some sort of um use the internet segment
Put myself behind a podium
And do this thing right
Can I do it? No, I'll get a different host than you. Oh
What why and just because of how you are and what you are
That's fair
Let's see, um
All right, we're gonna we're gonna go with we're gonna go with one for live and sleazy. Let's let's stick to the
Let's stick to the requester for this final one. Um, I don't know what's going on here, but it isn't a graveyard
I'm at the graveyard at night
Cleaning this abandoned grave for free. I have so many questions in my head. What happened?
How did this grave get so dirty? Who's buried here? Her name's bienvenida. Wow
Her name is welcome and espanol. Wait a minute. Her grave should be welcoming too
But right now this is the dirtiest grave I've ever seen. That's so unfair
Everyone deserves a beautiful resting place. Bienvenida died on july 23rd 1980 her star sign is aries
My best friend is an aries. I wonder what bienvenida's life was like. Does she like chocolate cupcakes?
What killed her this transformation is a lot of work. I might be here all night, but it's so fun
Thank you to everyone who supports wow. She really cleaned it damn. I don't know how to feel about that at all
That's I'm so confused. She was just doing a nice thing. It's like those two giving their jerseys to each other
I think you've got a problem with shows of friendship. Which is why you and I
Could be closer, but we're not well. No, I'm not close to you because you refuse to leave and you live in my wall and you
It's kind of transgress over boundaries, which I feel like she was doing it as well
But she did end up doing a nice thing. Well, she might have had permission to do that
Nobody else was cleaning it. I dead is a victimless
Not even crime
It still felt kind of creepy
I think you just don't you just have a problem with nice things. It's just the fact that she's using
Dead person's grave for content, but it was on the whole positive. This is why I'll never be a true tic-tac success is
I just don't get it. That's and that's true
She did do it. I mean it based on the before and after she did do an incredible job cleaning that grave
She really did
What are you scared of? I don't know it was vaguely unsettling. Well, maybe that's what she wanted
I suspect that is what she wanted, but also she's doing a nice thing. I have too many emotions
Everyone is scamming me today, and I don't get how
You're not up on the scams
scam Adam creed the adam corolla scam the graveyard tic-tac scam
the
Jersey transference scam
Getting slapped by a large man in a
Ashlish underwear
Scam that's a scam. That's a scam. He probably got damaged credit card information when he did that
Okay, well
I guess thanks peter
I'd like it if you would leave the wall and you should stop spying on people and you should probably return all those piss phones
What phones just the phones in the corner and sorry normal phones. Okay. I'm not going to do any of that
But I understand that you're asking
All right. Well, anyway, thanks for helping me with this. You have to come back and sing a theme later
Probably after one segment because I I'm gonna stop a little early today
Well, probably stop when Kendall gets back
It never gets old the sonic
Sorry, this is an old a chat never gets old case laughing at his own jokes. Oh, it can get old
What do you mean laughing at my own jokes? I'm laughing at peter's jokes
No, you you mostly laugh at yourself. Oh, do I? Yeah, that's one of your
One of your toxic traits
Shoot. Well, I'll try to laugh at your stuff more peter. Yeah, better
That wasn't a joke. I just said you better
I'm doing the silent comedy again. No, we're just being quiet
To me. This is comedy
Okay, well, thanks for being here, buddy
You called me buddy. I call a lot of people buddy
And now you call me that too. All right. I've had enough of you
You just can't let a nice moment shit
I can you just live in my wall without permission. All right, buddy. Okay, buddy. All right. Well, we'll see you later
And with that it's back to the wall for me and back to you case
Just cover quiet news around the world. We could do a quiet news segment
That might be more social media friendly. That's really whispering the news into a bank
I get a whole new audience maybe if I'm also
An attractive woman
So I'll have to work on that part. Mm-hmm. Oh my god. We're under attack
I don't know if you guys can hear this
The ASMR report
I mean, I do have a whole raccoon for that. That's a good point
He forgot his theme. He's coming back for the theme. Don't worry. He'll be back and he'll be out of that wall soon enough
For some reason I have to use the bathroom
But I'll be right back
Um
Should I play while I'm in the bathroom? I guess nothing
Let's just be right back. Give me two seconds
Hmm Tim is in here. Tim came right when I wasn't even at the seat
Tim's got my back. He knew that I had used the bathroom. He's like, oh hang out with chat in chat
Check out Tim and I's short
on social media
Comment on it. Actually do comment on it. It'll probably help uh, it'll probably help juice the algorithm
I don't know what kind of comment
Um really bots it up for us, but I think any comment
Start an argument in my uh in my tiktok comments
Tim good to see you. Hope you're having a good day
Tim and I have more little videos
That have already been shot
so
Get ready for that
They're coming. I swear
All right, let's um
Let's watch some movies. It is Thursday the traditional day for for sorry trailers
Or as Trent calls them full movies. Yes, please be ready
guys
Get ready for this
In the meantime, we'll send it over to Trent. He is at the movies
And I bet he'll watch at least three trailers knowing him. He's a madman like that. Let's see how he's doing
Yes
I'm back again. It's Thursday the lord's day for trailers
And I bet there's some hot ones going because I ain't even looked at a trailer yet this week
And based on the rate that trailers come out, that means there's probably a couple at least
Uh, let's see how it's going. Chris, you're here too, right? Uh, yeah, man. I'm here
Do when I write young blood, thanks for asking. Well, I didn't ask
But I was about to because I'm working on my politeness. I appreciate that young blood. It's important
Trying to raise up the next generation to have some have some freaking manners. You know what I mean
You know the all these Gen Z's without their manners of which you're a member apparently. Yeah, man, I'm
Gen Z as hell
Honestly, I find those uh, sort of generational terms kind of tiring and limited
But people do say then people your age say them
People your age also now seem to seem to say them. They've caught the brain virus from us
I guess what am I an elder millennial? Yeah, the most elder fucking
Elden
You're an Elden thing
Let's watch some trailers. Am I right? Yeah, let's do that. Uh, let's see
We got to call for the doctor who trailer new doctor who dis um
I don't see it. Let's just look it up
Doctor who trailer if you want it, I will show it
Season one. Oh, wait, what?
Oh, there's like a new there's a disney plus doctor who
Which doctor is that like out of the regular doctor who timeline the how does disney even own them?
I was unaware that disney owned that
But I guess I'm unsurprised they own status own stuff. That's true, man. Disney does be owning stuff. All right. Let's see
Um, whoa, that's kind of loud
Um, let's see. Oh disney made a deal
All right
What the hell you showed up in a good mood
I don't know. He's sort of popped up at the right moment
And then he spoke about time trouble
Ruby don't want to know my secret
I have the whole universe not my fingertips, and I'm one of my own. I'd love it if you came with me
Who are you?
I'm the doctor
It's called the TARDIS. It's the time of space machine. Is it safe? No idea
What if I chase you through by stepping on a butterfly? Well, that's not gonna happen, is it? Oh, what's wrong?
With all my adventures never seen anything like this before
Oh my goodness. She fucked up everything with that butterfly
Things seem to be turning more and more super natural
Is that monster? No, don't be silly. There's no such thing as monsters. It's just creatures you haven't met yet
Beyond the universe so fast
The whole world's coslight. Is this what we're trying to stop?
I'm still alone. I need to know she'll be okay. You'll keep her safe. I will keep her safe
I promise
It's taken me all this time
What do you want me to do? We're gonna save the world
Everything is possible
It's possible time may change me
But I can't trust her
It froze
Don't forget to click below to subscribe to the official channel. Oh shoot. I'm like, I'm forgetting
No time has changed and I forgot to do that
Sweet. All right. Nice. You know doctor who is one of those shows that like I
I have seen half of but half means I've seen a ton of it and yet I don't feel like I know
As much about it as I should
What do you mean as much as you should I feel like I owe it to the doctor to no more and yet I don't
But what half have you seen the half starting with the newer one?
Doesn't really clarify much
You know, there's the one guy who only did it once I've seen from there until
The peter the guy from the guy who curses a lot in political comedies peter capaldi. Yeah, I've seen up till there
And then I stopped
And I feel like I failed the doctor. I mean, I guess but he's not real. Well, but he's
what
Oh, yeah
But he forgot that he's not real. Well, I still feel like I owe it to him. Is this
A re it says season one
So I guess they're restarting it
They're just racing all those other doctors. No, I mean, that's just a different
There's 30 million everything now including doctor who so now there's a different one
In a different timeline, but I'm sure they could overlap. Who knows
I that's the problem. I don't know. Well, that's fine. Just this is the doctor. It's out. He's out there
The doctor is out there and this is one of them
But maybe in a different timeline until they decide it's not it's fine. It's just a marketing thing
Shit, they got me
They fucking scan me like the adam corolla podcast
Anyway, yeah, I don't think about it too much
It's a new season to doctor who and there's probably also another season on the bbc and this one's on disney
And everything is possible
Everything is possible. So don't even think about it for a second. There's infinite realities
And this is the one where we're watching this show sometimes
All right, I'll keep that in mind
Let's another beetle juice trailer. No, that's gotta be the same one. How many beetle juice trailers can there be?
Be careful. You almost said it too many times. Oh fuck. I did forget
unfrosted
Is that Jerry Sonfield?
All right, apparently there's a Jerry Sonfield sighting outside of b-movie
And I feel like out of curiosity we have no choice but to check in with our boy
The the be the be himself Jerry Sonfield. Let's see what he's up to
I believe we have split the atom of breakfast
In the early 1960s the american morning was defined by milk and cereal and the two undisputed giants of the cereal world
were Kellogg's and post
Major news from the breakfast world the post cereal company has reportedly invented a shelf stable fruit pastry breakfast product. No
Yeah, boy
It's post they did it. I'm about to find one crush a big red k that never stopped glaring at me
How do you think post did it? There's always a surprise inside the box. I wonder if they use xanthan gum
Oh
Kellogg's is entering the race that girl from instagram breakfast with the help of steve schwin
And jack the lane they're stacking the deck with ringers. You know is a lamb from quaker. You Kellogg's people
We're about to have some very powerful people
Very upset you have to win. Are you making any progress? It's not to scale, but
What are you guys five years old?
Little john john draws better than that and I think there's something wrong with them
Nobody said this was gonna be easy
We're talking about happy childhoods for millions of american kids
The important thing is the name fruit mcgoo's
What no heat them up and eat them ups. No sale. I'm long nibblers. Is this a joke?
I would ask that myself a little girl wherever he gets to the shelves first is gonna win this thing
How did it get this far? It's breakfast things happen
This is cereal company. Why did my house been explode?
Hey
All right. Well, you got to give it up for jerry seinfeld everything. He's done since the show bearing his name
He's like a master of comedy and he got into pranks
And his whole career since seinfeld has been like a weird confusing prank on us and that's why he's one of the greats
I don't think he's trying to prank us. No, dude. He's fucking what these two steps ahead, dude
That's why he's a comedic force
Is he's like, I'm just gonna do shit out of nowhere. Then you're like, why did you come back for that?
But he just does
Then you're like, oh shoot. It's amy schumer. I'm glad to see that she recovered from all of that crazy shit
She was posting on instagram with zero consequences. Cancel culture is dead. What a relief
I don't think she was ever really cancelled for any of that. She just sort of said all that stuff with no consequences
Nice, that's the world I like to live in
Larry david greater than seinfeld. Well, but we haven't seen unfrosted yet
It's good to track his career
Seinfeld
be movie unfrosted
The triumvirate of greatness
Consequences are dead. Thank god because that means I can can I leave if consequences are dead?
This is technically community service, right? I don't know anymore
Are you still signing my sheets? I am but it's like the amount of time you have to work down is crazy
Consequences are coming
Nah, yeah, they're probably not nice. Well, anyway, I like breakfast and I love
Comedy I'm pretty sure that was a comedy. Well, I like it. I at least like breakfast. I'm sure of that
So they probably got me consequences greed
Well, you know, check out frosted. It's a movie about
um
Pop tarts coming to life
I think
Or it was a biopic
It did have the energy of a biopic. It's a period piece
about pop tarts
maybe
Maybe they're kangaroo jacking us and those are
Those that's not really relevant to the plot. It's just sort of weird asides like
You know, Seinfeld can sit in the hitting the head and he dreams of a pop tart coming to life
Yeah, they're they're kangaroo jacking us. Yeah, they're jacking us. I think they are jacking us with this one
Bad boys. Oh my god, young brother. There's a bad boys trailer. What the fuck Chris. Why didn't you tell me sooner?
I didn't realize
God damn it. We've been sitting here all this time. There's a new bad boys trailer
My bad. If I'd known sooner, I would have told you you got to stay on top of this. Well, you too
I take responsibility as well. Let's watch this bad boy trailers right now
Come on, Mike. Slow down
We are late
My stomach, Mike. I need a ginger ale
Get a ginger ale and nothing else
Hell, yes, they're back, dude. They never left me one day. There you go
They're gonna register why because they are bad boys for life. That's Skittles on the counter Marcus. This ain't mine, Mike
Yes, it is mind your business with your cattle throwing up Marcus getting the car
He has a gun to my head one deal with him. You want to deal with me?
Call 911
Now we're talking and ready are some bad boys my snacks. No, sir. You need to get a job
I'm the US Marines, huh? Well then you need to deploy
Dad look, we now have evidence that the late captain Conrad Howard of Miami PD was working with drug cartels for years
Captain Howard's being frank
What the hell he's texting us on the other side. I know he's not Marcus if he's seeing this I'm probably dead
What's that guy? I don't know how high up this goes, but I don't trust anybody
You should be careful. We're being set up detectives
We got two suspects Lowry and Burnett
They're armed and dangerous in five, four, three
Y'all know some terrible fugitives
Oh, shit. Now they're the criminals
There's only a matter of time because they are in fact bad boys
I need nasty my bad boy. I got this. What you don't know?
Are y'all stealing our clothes just because we black we still in your white book at your shirt
Why don't you sing us a little riba song? Oh, uh-oh, riba sing your favorite. Uh, I'm a woman
I'm a strong black woman because she's not black. What you gonna do? What you gonna?
I didn't know riba song. It's from her mixtape
Oh
Okay
I'll take some bad boys candles here
Yeah, it's my girl my girlfriend. I also have a girlfriend named candle looks very similar, but it's
It's my girlfriend candle
What's that? I'm trant
Oh my god
Oh my god. Oh, I just had sex in front of all you again. Sorry. I keep doing that
I know that's probably against to s but um, I kind of learned from the best. I'm something of a fucking bad boy
I think what you just did is not against to s but I do think we need to instruct you on what sex is nobody needs to teach me that
I've done learn that on the streets
of sex
Good to see you candle
Ricked boys for life. Yeah, how was work?
Thumbs up from the missus
She's real back. She's far back in the auditorium
Sorry the scale here is about uh, yeah
All these the size of these chairs makes sense. I swear
They're just really they're you know, they're like way behind me and they're huge
What do I know about bad boys? I just learned all about them. They never die. They're for life
There's a new bad boys trailer push
high
Pushpuff. I don't know what this is, but I'm curious pushpuff. This is a show reel
I don't know what we're about to watch but I guess let's just do it
It's called pushpuff or I might be saying the name wrong
Here I'll play it for Kindle, too
Goddamn
Indian how come the only good trailers are now from Indian films?
Like that was way the best trailer I've seen in a while also cast them. Thank you for the raid. I totally missed it because I
Just don't pay attention to shit honestly because I'm kind of cool. I don't I don't even care
Oh, that's why yeah, I just kind of don't even care about stuff. So I got this whatever
And we'll like thank you at the same time because also respect. Oh well respect. I do appreciate that
Hope cast me had a good stream one of these days case. We'll start streaming earlier so that they're not constantly counter streaming each other
But you know first he's got to get his whole life together and that's the process as I know
I've been through some dark alleyways in my life. Aren't you like supposed to be
18 or something? I'm just a young man, dude, but I've lived a life
All right. Well, thank you cast them for the raid. We're watching trailers. We just watched the trailer for push book
Which apparently you were saying white, right? I was saying it white probably was saying white
But I also said it right
Uh, and that shit looks fucking good. I I saw
RRR. Well, however you say that I think it's you can pronounce it
Anyway, either way that movie kicks ass that movie looks like a kiss that kicks
And kiss my ass too but in a sensual way because I like it and I want it down there
What I'm just saying it looks good. RRR was sick monkey man looks sick
I think maybe we need to just let bollywood have hollywood just give it to them
Because I think they get it better than we do now
And based on that frosted movie
I think we need to also give them sign field and just see what India can do with sign field
They actually don't let I have an agreement there
I would much rather see what India can do with sign field than what we are currently doing with sign field
We're misusing sign field and I think India needs him
Let's just give them all the celebrities and say do do better
We failed
Here you go
I know this is actually a decent plan. I do co-sign this
And I'm signing co-signing this sign off because we just watched three trailers. Well, I can't argue with that
You managed to watch three trailers. Congratulations
I'm one of the I'm one of the best to ever do it to watch specifically three trailers over about 15 to 20 minutes
Incredibly slow rate of trailer watching with that spine
Bad boys versus Kramer that would be fun. They do that shit in India and they won't do that stuff here
Damn the director of RRR makes bad boys versus Kramer
He finally pays for that stuff that he said that one time
Yeah
I mean that's a plot that I would watch
Kramer shows up in India where the bad boys are vacationing where he thinks he can get away with some next level comedy
What the bad boys notice
And then they also realize Kramer's dealing shit loads of drugs or something and he's a kingpin and boom we're off to the races
Bad boys versus Freddy versus Jason. That'd be good too
Just uh, we've made our point give all the movies to India see how they do they get they deserve a chance now to be
To be not just Bollywood, but Hollywood give it to them for 10 years
Like Marvel selling spider-man to fox or however that shit works and then we'll just see what happens and you'll see what happens
Because um, the fact is that uh, you fucking know what it is. Um, I'm fucking I'm Trent and I've been at the movies
But now it's time to go
all right
You've streamed for nearly two hours. That means
That's all the work I can handle it today
But I have to make a song for Peter
Because you guys more than crushed this particular sub goal
I also need to update that sub goal to something new, but we'll do that tomorrow
Destroys Trent off-screen. Yeah, I have to I have to spay and neuter my Trent
There was a chart that they used on family guy that shows
Why that's impossible. Well, I guess I don't know what you're talking about
Kendall in the background is
Kendall in the background is always a welcome sight
Well, I'd chat is just also enjoying you making appearances in the background
I think that's an important feature of this stream
um
all right
Oh, yeah, I have to get Peter out of the walls
I guess let's send it to the roof. Peter's gonna have to go all the way from the
You know what we'll just have him do it here actually. He doesn't deserve to go to the roof
Because he refuses to leave my walls
I'm not gonna give that to him
Instead, we'll just send it straight over to him. Peter you have to make a song now
I get to make a song now
It's how I feel about it
Um, okay
So, what am I doing?
Well, I think the system I've set up to make these but we're about to be out of hosts and then you can be done with us
We'll never be done. I think
You can make you can make a theme show or all that you can make theme show
For trip and stuff. I already they're already kind of well, whatever. We'll see
Anyway, watch my theme. I don't know. We're gonna have chat decide if there's any
Ideas for a peter. What's your last name given?
Okay, peter g theme
Throw them in the chat and I will make a poll and then we will decide
Uh, what should peter's theme be wonder wall? All right. It's going in there. I don't really know that song actually even though it's
You know one of the most famous songs
Let's see what we can get wonder
Peter
I'll just put wonder wall in
The yogi bear theme
I like that because it's on short
Peter's in the wall that makes a lot of sense family guy
That adds up
And well, what why we all know why I don't know why we you know why I'm not him
All right rocket man
I'll put it on there
Um
Sinatra ain't that a kick in the head?
Ain't that a kick in the head
Sinatra, uh, I'll just put that, you know, I'm just gonna put kick in the head because that's all that'll fit here
All right. We got our five contenders
Uh, let's see
How the poll goes we've got a minute to decide
It's important
How does my poll work anymore?
Oh, it just doesn't work here weird. What did I do to my poll?
I have to pay the poll toll
Oh weird. It should be showing up, but it's not. Anyway, the poll is live
Despite my for some reason inability to show it to you here and I show it. No, it's not showing up here
That's so weird
Anyway, uh the poll is live
It looks like so weirdly rocket man is waiting the lead
Huh rocket man peter theme
Lucky, it's the rocket man. I'm I mean, I love elton john
rocket man
But kicking the head it's our yogi bear could mount a comeback
Rocket man is waiting the lead
But could the yogi bear theme surmount?
With an oh no, it's way. It's rocket man by a huge portion
Rocket man, it is I've a long said I am the rocket man. You've never said that once
I've been saying it for years. I'm the rocket man
And I deserve my own rocket man theme
All right, we're gonna we're gonna generate an ai one for you. What why just let me go off the cuff
No, I don't get why your rocket man. So I'm gonna make chat gpt figure it out. It's my vibe
My vibe is rocket man. Well, then you won't have any problem with
Chat gpt assisting you to personalize the lyrics to rocket man
I don't know the lyrics that well. It's gonna be a long long time
Yeah, that's one of them. There's only one rocket man. It's kim jong-un. No, it's me
Maybe it's you you and kim jong-un are the rocket man
And you two are and that puts you two on you're the same guy fine
Okay, he's fine with it. Um
Who complained rant? All right. Let's get to all the rocket man lyrics in a chat gpt
Uh lyrics rocket man
All right
You are a songwriter
I'm gonna write a parody of rocket man. Sorry. Let me show you what let me show you what we got going
Let me show you what we're cooking up over here. You're gonna write a parody of rocket man
Oh, wow. We also wrote an apology recently
A rocket man
Here are the lyrics
I'll give more details shortly
I don't really know how this works. I don't get how AI works. I'm just gonna do it this way
All right, um, please use the above lyrics to write a parody song
About a man named peter g he lives in the walls
And he's strongly disliked
By everyone who comes into contact with him
It seems accurate. Well, what what?
Sorry, it took a second to get over to you. What? Well, that wasn't really necessary. You can you can write the rest of it, I guess
Fine you've got me off to such a bad start
um
He doesn't look like peter griffin
He's distinct
And distinguished
Lonely but persevering
Um, oops. Yeah, I don't get how to spell persevering
Um, he loves to live in the wall
because it's tight space
Reminds him
Of a safe cocoon or a mother's womb
I'm just setting up rhymes for it. Anyway, that seems like good enough
Um, okay
You're satisfied with that. I'm satisfied. Let's get going
I pull up whatever you record this stuff in get your little digits going. I'll get the digits going for you peter
Yeah, get those digits going. Okay. You don't need to keep saying digit me
All right, um
Okay, okay, okay
Theme songs
Time for a peter one
You also need a rocket man theme
You're gonna get me you're gonna get this stream
Uh
The audio muted at the end probably but that's my rocket man
Elton John
Let's just listen to a little of it first so you know what you're getting into
I mean, everybody knows this song, right?
Yeah, but to you maybe not
Yeah, okay, I get the gist
This is the part I won't know
But I kind of know it. All right. Well as long as you kind of know it rocket man elton john instrumental
All right
Yeah, yeah, that's an instrumental
Where does elton john come in in this?
That's what we need to know
rocket man
He's coming right away
I'm listening
It seemed to just start so suddenly. Yeah, I don't know where this instrumental has you coming in
It's just right at the top
Shoot well, I'm gonna mash that up. Yeah, you probably will
All right. Anyway, um, we seem good to go
You're good to go. No, well, you're good to go. What you're good to go
Um, is it recording it is recording?
Peter you're live
Well, okay. Just give me a second to warm up my vocal voice here. No time for you at all. Well, okay. Um
Where's the instrumental I'm trying to pull it up. Okay, there it is
Instrumental is cooking
Let me get the lyrics up
I've I've never seen these lyrics. I'm seeing them for the first time
Uh, let's but I'm I'm gonna give it my best go
So and it's it starts right away apparently so I got to really be on top of this
He hides in walls most nights
unseen
nice
In the dark where his presence is keen
you know
He's pita g. He's not your friend
Not like pita griffin
He's a different blend
He dwells in the shadows
Wells in the shadows
So deep a solitary figure
Never one to keep because it's gonna be emotional
And I think he's gonna stay in there for a long
Long time
A long time
You know what? I mean, I think it's where it's supposed to be the chorus, but you know
um
And I think he's gonna stay in there for a long long time
In the walls where he feels safe
out of sight
He's not the man you'd want to meet you'll find
pita g living in the walls alone
Alone alone at night. I kind of lost track where I'm in the song. I think you're doing your best buddy. He's called me buddy
um
And he's distinct like pita griffin. That's for sure
Distinct and distinguished yet obscure a lonely soul in a tight place
In the walls where he finds solace
He's pita given
And I think he's gonna stay for a long long time. I'm just gonna say rocket man
I'm a rocket man and in the walls where I feel safe out of sight
Shoot, I'm way off. There's confined space. It's just cocoon
A sanctuary
Like a mother's womb
He preserves
Though he is disliked by all
In the walls he'll never fall
Why because he's he's I don't know. Where is it? Um, he's a rocket. Ah, fuck. Is this the bridge?
Is it you're blowing it peter
I've lost I've lost in the song
Where am I in this song? I don't know man. Oh
Well, I'm a rocket peter. I don't think it's the chorus. No
I'm disliked by all
Yeah, that's what the lyrics say. Well, I'm safe in my wall
And that's all I care about you want to know why why because
Because I'm a rocket peter
And I'm not understood and I'm strange but I know that if I persevere things can change
I'm peter and I'm in the wall. I'm a rocket peter and that's all
I'm a rocket peter
Rocket peter
Burning through the wall when I smoke cigarettes in there. You smoke. I smoke sometimes. It's not good for me what I do rocket peter
Rocketing through the walls where I sleep and I feel safe
And back to the song. He's not understood his ways are strange, but in his world
He will never change a solitary life. He's resigned in the walls where he'll always hide
And I think he's gonna stay in there for a long long time
In the walls where he feels so safe so safe and out of sight
He's not the man you'd want to meet you'll find
Peta g living in the walls alone at night
And I think he's gonna stay in those walls for a long long time
A long long time
In the walls for a long long time
Yep
In the walls so safe and out of sight
Where I am all alone at night
Staying in the walls
For a long long time
This song is trailing off
For a long long time
Yep
Decaying in the walls lady sidetricks for a long long time
God I'm a rocket peter
I'm a rocket peter
And all blast off eventually
well
You know
That happened over
An instrumental. So that's a song. Oh, if it's over an instrumental, it's a song
If you just say stuff over an instrumental, I think it counts as a song
Then I did it. I have my own song. That's the that's my first. That's my LP
Doesn't LP need me need more than one song? That's my LP
Sure, that's your LP. The peter grippin LP is now available on amazon music. It's not I'll get it on there
That's very quick as you can. I think we might be out of something here
I feel liberated in why I've never felt before. I think I'm a singer you've sung in here before
But this is my first time doing it professionally. This there's none of this is professional. Oh
Oh, anyway, I feel great
Okay, good
Do you feel good enough to leave the wall? Nope. That's where I'm safe
And I think I'll be in there for a long long time
I'm getting that impression as well
Okay, well find someone to raid for me, peter
You know what? I'm gonna send it to papito. Oh, papito needs a moment
Papito, well, let me do it. I'm gonna let papito do it. Thanks for being here, peter. Wow
But do leave the wall
Comedy of silence. You're just being quiet again. Okay. Well, thanks for having me. All right, but do just just leave the wall
My request would be that you leave the wall
Well, I won't but I will be back. I'm gonna give it
Okay, the pito. How are you doing buddy?
You're doing okay. You we're peeing a lot in the corner earlier. Are you doing better now?
I was doing good when I was peeing in the corner, but anyway, let's find somebody to raid
Um
Do genius on okay
I like Gina
I'm assuming
I don't think that I've met her
But I think she likes dogs. Okay. Um, Gina darling
Praise me, Gina darling
Papito's a deadbeat dad. Do I have kids? I don't think I have kids
I don't know. I don't think you have kids. I don't think I have kids. I don't remember giving birth
Wait, I don't know what your gender even is me either. Oh, okay
Well, I'm getting shy. I probably don't
Unless I do if I have any children
Just howl into the air and if you're close
I'll register it and keep going about my life
Because I'm a dog. That's how we do it. Oh, yeah, you don't really care that much. I'm just a little guy
I'm actually two little love kids. I'm a baby
Are you a baby? I'm a baby
All right, baby's ain't having babies
Okay, well, uh, we're raiding Gina darling. Yeah, it's a papito raid
Spam this papito we must and see if she's like what the hell's that and then explain there's a blood animal
that everybody likes
Okay
Okay, so you're gonna be here tomorrow. My hope is to play resident evil tomorrow for a little bit
To finally beat that game
But I have to I just have to make it work on this OBS
Okay, well, it's a papito raid and who knows our case will do tomorrow. He's very inconsistent. Um, and uh
They have fun with Gina and it's uh, I'll see you soon. Oh, I should have a thing
Oh, yeah, that probably yeah, okay
Okay, bye everybody
Raid we raided
The raiders happened can I stop he's shaking his head. Yes, okay