Hello everybody good to see you
Skimer propaganda met little Ray Silva bundle sprout and to daddy uncle Phil 2k
Love the hate shocker
42,000 very intrigued by the first two stories in the stream title. Yeah, maybe I'll actually have to cover the news
I said I would today a junk dog gearless Joe nomad. Yes a breechy great to see you archangel
That's 1000 Greg to you. I've already said those but it's so nice. I have to say twice as usual
Hope everybody's having a good Friday
It's the weekend. It's the dating weekend y'all. You excited for the weekend Peter
I
Don't know what weekends are
Right because because you're a dog. I keep walking into that
But I have the today seems like it's good of a day is any for me to fucking devour these tasty bits
You know stop eating those I can't
Now my intestines are totally smooth and I think that they're starting to shake
Which helps you digest when your intestines vibrate
strong
Okay
Rat dick is it pepper? I don't know what the rat dick story is either. I just saw it
I hate that so fast you barely saw it
Intestines are vibrating at a high frequency pure digestion pure power
I mean, why should I even stop at this point? Oh my god. There's a hype train
I don't even know if I should check in with a hype train. Maybe I shouldn't show maybe I shouldn't give it
The power you you're honor bound to check in with the hype
Just let the hype train know I will be eating all of the bits Kendall is
Um, I think wondering what that noise is Papito. What noise what noise do you mean?
She just couldn't see it. So I'm down. There's nothing to eat right now though
Yeah, well, uh, there's a hype train like clear breakfast out of my beard
You ever hang out the hype train Papito? Oh
It was gone and it's been replaced by the hype train
Okay hype train
You know, you've been really obsessed with chat lately and where it is
But maybe today you'll have something else to say
I mean, I'm not I'm not counting on that obviously, but you know, we can we can dare to dream together
You there hype train obviously I'm here
I never left. Well, I did I went to hell for a bit back to hell. Oh, yes
When I follow this week I go straight to hell
Every time that I leave
experience that I
Think you might just follow sleep hype train. I think you might be slightly exaggerating a
Mental experience I cease to be
Well, sleep is the little death
I'm sure someone smart once said I'll tell you what's the big life
I
Train is alive for now, but don't worry. We can we can kill it together or keep it alive
Well for a couple minutes
Thank you
I'm just I'm hoping if I don't say anything you
Dad if you have any questions for the hype train feel free. I don't know if I have anything to say to you today
We're chill I just don't have anything to say to you today
At good point. What's it? What's what do you have against the front?
so
The front sort of whatever to me. I kind of like the back
That's where Chad is you have mommy issues. Yeah
My mommy is my mommy is Kurt Russell. Yeah, my mother is Kurt Russell
My father is the devil you impregnated Kurt Russell Russell
Oh Kurt Russell's alive
Sorry, it was confusing with someone else
Yeah, my dad's going strong. I mean my mom and my dad
Are you depressed?
Thoughts on Cleveland is that fucking city still there? I've destroyed Cleveland so many times. I forgot
Did it make a comeback? I don't know if you ever really well. Yeah. No, it's gone. Oh good
Cuz I hate Cleveland
And I will destroy it. I did right. Yeah, don't even think about it. Okay, I will go fucking up
Did I confuse him with Patrick Swayze? Did I? Yeah, I think you did
Unfortunately did pass. Yeah
That's too bad about that
You're dead. What? You're out of juice. You need to die. No, I feel good
Don't take the news. Oh my god, you're sending me back to hell
But I just lost some stream deck functionality
That will make it pretty hard to do this stream today. Oh
No, oh it's back. We're back. We're back
But seriously, you're dead. I'm not it's just it's just here for a little bit today
Now he's dead his separation anxiety from the disconnection of the other train cars. Yeah, he is just the
Engine
The front what's the front of the train the engine?
It's not the caboose
It's the engine an elbow. Yeah, he's just the engine
Hey, maybe he a bad maybe he was too hype and the rest of the train abandoned him every one of his talking body parts
I guess I these are the questions I could ask the hype train, but
Do you know what I've seen him? I honestly don't know that much about him other than that is mom's Kurt Russell
His dad's the devil. He feeds on hype. He lives in shit
You know, these are the facts you accumulate over about a year of hanging out with a hype train
Let's uh, someone mentioned the Willy Wonka thing too in chat. We can talk about that today
I haven't really looked into it. I've just seen a couple clips of that guy in the mask and I and I heard it's shitty
So maybe we should look at some
Maybe we should look at whatever's going on there
It's sort of I I wonder if it's if it's already been too thoroughly covered
Why tick tock generally?
I don't know
I do know
Aleya Baldwin has been arrested for tampon assaults according to this headline
I mean who knows what that means, but I'm definitely down
I guess
To find out and let's get a chat over here to talk about it with us
Well chat was busy. Oh my god
But don't worry. I'm very available today
Fresh out of the wall
It's your favorite nose caster Peter Gibbons. Do not
Promise chat and become Peter. I didn't become Peter Peter. I I am Peter. I didn't see chat
So I slithered over to the chair. What's up slithering, but I'm slimy
So sometimes it's fast at a slither
Oh my god, Peter
I can't help it if I give a thin layer of slime coating myself and my clothes you can help that
But I live in a wall that you can help that too
stop
I'll think about it
Yeah, where's your wife?
I miss
I called her l
Because her name was lois. I don't want a doc sir
But no, I'm gonna say no
Louise
Fine
Only because I hate reading so much. I guess I'll let you read this story for me
Because I am curious can we vote to get him fired? Oh
Um, I don't see why not
Uh, papito, can you make a poll to see if we should refire Peter?
Uh, I guess
I guess we could do that. I mean it sounds a little mean
Sounds
Sounds reasonable to me. Um, okay
Where's the poll
My niche poll new poll, um, okay
Refire Peter
Yeah, of course
Oh debate demanded
Well, that's from lady citrix lady citrix. Did you have a particular?
debate
Uh
You wanted did you want to see us debate that because I'm making a poll just so you can decide but we could have much in
crime debate that
Arlene the bean votes. Yes
Peter will have to ride across the country hobo style on the hype train if we fire him. That's true
That's true. I mean but case did never hire him
was another thing so
um
Anyway, lady citrix, I'll make this poll
And then if if what you wanted was to see much in crime debate it will then debate it again
It's just to really cement it. Uh, should case get a new jacket
That's a better one. That's an even better one. Okay. Well, let's see
And I guess we'll let peter defend himself
Um, and and see if he gets to live another day
I guess I guess I can let you defend yourself. Peter. What what has happened? I just showed up to read a story
Don't there's no reason there's really no reason
To treat me like this
What have I done to ever deserve
This level of this level of treatment. Uh, sorry my poll's not
Working yet. Let me let me try to fix that really quick so that you can defend yourself. You're using up all of my defense time
You're using it all up
Please I need to defend myself
This is why you should have never gotten rid of me as a producer. I could fix this kind of thing
in two seconds
I and I can see Pepito struggling over there. Uh, just with this simple task
Okay, there's the poll I guess and
Um, okay, can I get a little like um
And get rid of that for thank you
Uh, look, uh, I don't have a lot of time left, but
I
I can prove myself to you. I was gonna I'll read the story so good. I swear
Everybody here can read most of you can't
A lot of your correspondence can barely read you stubble over words constantly. I read flawlessly
I don't believe that Peter. I've
If I have any skills I can read accurately and um
And my body produces all sorts of natural lubricants that are grateful walls. That's
You don't need to lube the inside of a wall. Well, clearly you've never lived inside of a wall
It's a very tight area. You need to be lubricated. That's very close surprisingly
Not yet. Oh
Oh
God, yes
Oh, I knew you liked me. I knew it. I some of you in shadow are against me
but
I think the side of the angels won today
And I know I that all of my fans out there. I don't know who was on your side, Peter
I'm amazed
I think greg t used saved you from
from character assassination
well
I think in a sense this proves i'm your most popular correspondent
I don't they've never asked to fire any of my other correspondents even scrum
Even the cia guy
Well, maybe they didn't know they could I've you brought it out of them though the desire to fire
But I didn't get fired. That's the main thing. Well, we'll try again
Try again on request next time you come out of that wall
Maybe an incentive to stay in there, peter
Yeah, it was it was it was greg to you versus the world greg to you pulled it out for you
greg
Look, you don't need a lot of fans. Sometimes you just need one
Super fan and you're super fly and uh i o t you
i o t you
I I owe greg to you. I fucking get it, peter
Yeah
Yeah
Yay
They like me
They really like they like me. No, no, they definitely don't like you peter. I'm sorry
Does kendall know about the k-pop pooper? We should ask kendall about that. I'll ask kendall
You stay away
don't
getting up on greg
Honestly, he's the one of you that I like right now. I like everybody else and greg
I'm on the side of everyone
Fence sitting bullshit. You can't even have my back. I want you out of my walls
peter conspired with crumb
To kill plum
I've never murdered. I swear
I don't do murders
And can people stop saying that I'm a murderer
Stop making us feel like maybe you're a murderer. Okay. Well, can I read this story? Yeah fine
I mean to me this is a win
I think I'm being treated like it's somehow a lot. It's a loss because they half of the people want you gone
Can I just read? Yeah, go ahead
Hailey Bieber's sister alaya
Baldwin arrested for a salt and battery
But I believe the kicker here is that it's a salt with a tampon
Um, I do think that's
Yes, that's at least what the headline the the other headline says
You may not respect greg's opinion, but I respect his right to abuse voting to get it out
That's the power of democracy. You you deserve the votes you pay for
Hmm. Well, that does sound right to me. Actually, uh, hailey bieber's oldest sister. Anyway, uh, alaya
Baldwin
Erano
Like arrogant or something was arrested last saturday following an incident at a georgia club
Baldwin erano 31 was booked on charges of simple assault simple battery battery and a criminal trashpushing
According to the police report obtained by page six
Security footage showed Baldwin erano forcing her way into the locked employee bathroom
Per the police report bartender hailey quali
A nice rhodiolans style name claimed to authorities that Baldwin erano
Told her she needed to change her tampon and asked for a few minutes, which she was granted. Okay, so far so good
Here's the two lovely Baldwin sisters so far. No problems. There's she is looking a little more
On the manic side of pixie dream girl
Is that the end? Okay a few minutes later when miss collie again entered the restroom the female removed to tampon and threw it at
Miss crawly the report states. This is when security stepped in and removed the female from the club
So it was just one throw
Come on. Are we that
Are we that scared of a of a little tampon toss?
I feel like you should have to throw more than one. What are your standards, man?
Is the tampon okay?
Um
Well, I bet guys we better keep reading how many tampons you feel like you should have to throw before you get kicked out of a club
At least four
I mean, come on. It's just one. It's just one
The footage according to the police report then showed collie jumping back out of the bathroom before Baldwin erano was discarded from club
Alan
By a bouncer whom she fought and arrested the entire way outside
And I think she was fighting the injustice of being ousted
for the for throwing
Just one tampon, but it's a used tampon. I mean, it's just a little
It's a little sauce on that hot dog
What what are your standards, man?
I'm just on the side of fairness and
End equality
This that's not related to this. Um, well, I better keep reading
The video clearly shows Baldwin grabbing and pulling the bouncer's hair and hitting a second bouncer
In the genitals. She's probably pointing and saying, um
All all that I did was throw a thing that was here
It's not it was basically assault. Yeah, it sounds like assault to me
Sounds like there was a fight and she threw a tampon. It's I think it's fair to get kicked out of a club
I just feel like we've gotten so soft as a nation
Afraid of a little or afraid of one little tampon
Hey, I guess I appreciate your comfort with periods. Ew. What?
You're uncomfortable with periods but comfortable tampons. Well, the the the period's been contained by the pointage in a tampon
but a period
generally is uh
You know, who knows what's happening with it if it's not contained
I hate you, Peter. No, I just you're the worst, man
And I have scrum on here a lot
At least once a month. Well, I'm gonna win you back by doing a great job reading the rest of the story
Anyway, she claims she needs to use the bathroom to change a tampon and throw up
See just classic bar stuff
Well, what was she doing wrong? She also initially denied throwing a used tampon at mishkali, but latest stated
She did throw it. Well, maybe she forgot she'd been drinking when confronted about the alleged attack on the bounces
Baldwin Erano told authorities she was merely defending herself and here she is
Looking like she's spent about six months at at a high school beach week
That's a classic look
Sort of a mom crashing high school beach beach week energy to this photo
What makes you say that it's just the vibe I'm picking up
She excused the physical violence by claiming she was defending herself
Uh police charged the internet personality with a shalt for throwing the used tampon and battery for kicking the bouncer in the genitals and ripping out the second bouncer's hair
Well, they ripped her out of the club and she retaliated
She clearly was drunk and being crazy, man. I mean at least clearly from this story
Which is the only context we have to go off. Well, I'm reading between the lines here and I I'm hearing the story
of a
Youngish woman being unfairly maligned by a media that frankly fears tampons, which are the only
line of defense
we have against
Yeah, I'm against periods
What about pads? Ah
It's like pouring catch up on a table. You're the oh my god, peter
Baldwin Erano arrest uh came just before her father Stephen Baldwin spot concern among fans by asking for prayers
A beaver and a husband Justin Bieber the usual suspects acts of 57
Uh didn't give a reason but the model 27 is reportedly pissed about his actions
wait
asking for prayers for beaver and
sparked concern among fans
Can I click on this?
yes
Throwing pads would be difficult. It's like uh trying to throw a cotton frisbee
You don't I don't think you've ever seen a tampon or or or like a maxi pad
But if I did I wouldn't be a little baby about it and run kicking and screaming
Stephen Baldwin spots concern after after
asking fans to a little prayer for daughter
Haley
Haley is
I don't
What's happening?
Why is it like this?
I didn't realize that that was Stephen Baldwin's daughter
I just didn't realize Justin's just another tiktoker now. That's exciting
Diaphrams and sponges
Don't you speak from your diaphragm and isn't sponge a cartoon?
You're out of you're you're almost out of juice here, Peter
forever
We we could just cover the news by watching this one little page six a news player
You know I don't stop it
Stephen Baldwin the worst Baldwin
Hmm but
But he represents so much of late 90s cinematics, which was one of the greatest errors for
Uh cable film cable film. Yeah the genre of cable film being made for tv
Made for made for paid movie service movies
Well, no like movies that came out made for tv that were then
Run repeatedly late night on like cinemax
Usually they have that like Carrie war were her girl and Stephen Baldwin
Classic eras of film
Stephen Baldwin's part concern after fan for fans
Christians please when you think of Justin and Haley take a moment to offer a little prayer for them
They have wisdom protection and draw close close to the Lord
And here he is spotted thinking so carefully about Jesus
That he's pursed his lips in preparation for kissing his feet
And and that's the that's that's the look of a proud christian man
The most handsome news man that they're talking about you peter
Well, look at chat
We got off on the wrong foot today because you tried to come from my livelihood. I don't pay you
You pay me in wall space. I don't
You just took that and I don't want to go in there to get I'm gonna send in rats after you
Well, good luck because I'll just become that friend. I'll become their rat dad
I'll send in bug. I'll send in
spiders
you think
spiders don't like me spiders and rats are basically
If I was a disney princess, I'd be surrounded by those things. I'd be singing to him
You can't get rid of me. Just accept me like a disease
An incurable disease
But you know in confronting it you find a great a sense of shelf
Do the rat stuff? I'll send the rat stuff after peter and we'll see how he likes
Give me the ranch. Give me the ranch. It's like give me the loot. Give me the ranch
Okay, peter. Well
You survived another day. We'll see
We'll see if anyone in chat says vote to fire peter
The next time you appear we're taking it to another vote
You're just setting me up
You're just rolling out the guillotine and saying anybody want to see how this thing works
That's so unfair
But I know that chat likes me and greg
Please have my back
Please greg
I don't need to kill you because you already look like a drowned corpse
Very well got a regular don wriggles over here
If it was don wriggles, I'd be talking about your stinky ass, which in this case would be accurate
But I'm not doing his material
No, peter no watch. Yes. See there's a ground swell of peter love
It's in the it's in the atmosphere
Anyway, we do have to munch and crumb, right? Yes, let's send it to
two other guys
Okay, well great to see everybody
Uh and from for the real fans just know they can't get rid of me
Just just try you can vote me off, but you can't vote me out
What they never expect on the show survivor
Is that you could just you could just dig a big enough hole on the island and then and then they
They can't even find you to send you on the flight out of there and then you live on there
There's no getting rid of you in every season technically
You know what I mean? Anyway, thanks for having me kation and I'll be back. Oh, I'll be back
He probably will be
Uncle Phil 2k also on the side of peter. Hey
If the people want peter, I'll deliver peter
If the people want him gone, I'll at least say that he has to leave and I don't know if that'll do anything
But
You know it could do something if munch and crumb want me to get a new jacket
We did say that I would that they would buy new jackets for the entire crew
And there's so many of us now. We all have to have the exact same jacket. It's like, you know
um
A very low rent private school around here
But should we get it maybe we should keep this jacket. We've had it since the beginning
It's filled with the power of weeks of sitting at a computer chair
Yeah
My smells
In a way. I like because I like smells and I have
That's on me your dog. I I will wash yours
No
No, I I'm realizing I really should it's the bin uniform
Well, we'll let chat decide via the debating prowess of munch and crumb. Let's send it over there. It's time for munch and crumb
This guy probably thinks I'm in a bad mood because he thinks he keeps winning
But I know he's not and I'm never in a bad mood. I'm honestly on a permanent high
Drug-free if I feel like it
Mostly steady winning constantly. I'm of course wealth munch cut and as far as I'm concerned
I'm joined by nobody
Because there's nobody worth talking about sitting next to me, but there is crumb
Hope you don't oh
I was setting it up for crumb
You're way better than him. Can you stay actually that sounds nice?
Uh, oh, sorry. He just left. Oh my god
Can you just when we're doing the intro not move that happens more often than it should?
um
might be
Might be
No munch good
But some people want to vote you off the island. There's no island
Every man is an island except me. I'm an entire goddamn continent. In fact, I'm the entire globe
I'm a pangia human being you can't vote me off. No survivors. I'm the survivor or what would you do?
I'm the survivor. There's no survivors. Which is it? I am the survivor and there's no survivors
Okay, sounds like someone wrote a Beyonce song wrong, but whatever
We're debating jackets today
Jack
Um, yeah, should we get a new one or not? I'm a classic man
I'm a classic man
So
Oh, that's wrong. I thought about that in a while
Yeah, well, I think about it all the time because I've stayed a classic man
Even before that song came out to me. This is okay jacket
I don't like to have to wear things that case picks
So I'm excited to hit a hundred points before you so I can buy the whole crew new jackets
I mean money needs nothing to me because I'm kind of fucking balling like that
Um, well, I actually I'm an actual classic man. So I kind of want to keep the jacket
I'm worried that because chat is
So determined to have you usurp this frankly at this point fraudulent score
They're gonna vote for the classic jacket and I'm gonna be stuck wearing this shit
86 80 while it's getting close
You're not wrong ryan link. It's getting real close
Some say, um
Impossibly close to a point where uh, basically my victory is entirely assured
And it's it's kind of hopeless for you munch
That maybe it's kind of over for you munch
um
Well, look, we're talking about jackets not about this fucking score which frankly you're still behind in
The margin for victory in a presidential race is actually very low
So if if I was six points ahead of you, uh, that would be considered
A runaway. Well, that we would be six points ahead of me. You'd be like
A couple you'd be like a fraction of a percent ahead of me if you break down the percent there
They were talking about fucking jackets and and frankly we should get new jackets
The change is good change case change around the whole fucking set for basically no reason
So, uh, why not take a why not why not finally stamp this network with a fresh look with a cool fit
What's up candle candle could get a new jacket chat could get a new jacket new jackets for everyone
New jacket city bitch and i'm the dealer passing that shit out
Um, well, look, I see chats getting excited at the prospect of change
I would just like to remind you that not all change is positive. Uh, this is a uh, extremely simple jacket that blends well
Into the background in my opinion. It's it's it's not intended to be a feature of the show the particular jackets
We're wearing I'd say this stream is confusing enough anyway without us without ralph buying some kind of
question mark infomercial salesman jacket as he attempts to shield to use some sort of
Trumped up, uh, you know time share plan
So, um, maybe stick with the actual classics. Maybe sticks with something maybe not that exciting but reasonable
Keep it simple. Keep it clean a nice blue jacket that smells like i've been wearing it for a year
I eat why is no one washing their jackets around here my wash mine and it smells fine
But what I mean I wash mine, but
It overall does have my smell. Oh
You thought you were gonna streak it straight to the top
You really thought but what what you forgot is that people miss
Siding with an actual fucking winner. Oh, it's about damn time. Call up fucking Lizzo, baby
We're at the winners table
Well, maybe disinvited Lizzo because she fell off or something, but you get the idea. It is about damn time
That the chat regains its fucking sanity. It's good to see you back
Good to see you back with the fucking kings. Congratulations on conquering the universe with me
This is how it feels to actually win chat
Remember this feeling so that next time you're tempted to play a little prank on me
Maybe you think better of it. You're like, oh actually it's so much better when Ralph munchkut wins because he's so much better
Obviously then this are pointing at you and saying you're worse. I'm pointing at you and saying you're the worst
No
Chat you're john my side my chat now though. He's trying to claim you. He doesn't recognize your individuality
Your freedom as a human being they're my chat now. Oh look at him. He's fucking becoming dark crumb
He saw some brandon memes and now he doesn't know what to do with himself
No, obviously I respect their individuality and I'm not saying they've shited with me. You know what I mean
I'm not claiming that I own them. Oh
He thinks he owns you now because he got a couple wins and this is what I warned you about
Is why he got a vote for me every time and never let him win even once more, please
I'd say the I mean just you could run it back
My win percentage lately has been off the charts
You know a 300 batting average doesn't mean yet
Doesn't mean you hit a home run every time, but I'm nauseatingly close
But that's a good word for it. I'm nauseatingly close to being on that 100 streak
You are breeding a master propaganda
Look at him. He's he's he can't even handle one loss. You lose your mind every time you lose. I keep it cool
I'm fine. Look at my sitting next to every day. Honestly
What
What what's wrong with you right now? I'm just calming myself down
You should try it
Facial calming exercises
And then I'm calm. Oh my god
He is out of ram. He should ram his fucking head into a bullet. Jesus. That is that's show over the line munch
How do you not understand at all where the line is?
Because because there is no fucking line with you
The line in the sand should be the edge of a cliff and you should step over it
Oh
Stop wishing death upon me
I'm just doing my relaxing facial exercises. It's fine
Nothing about this is fine. Well, the only fine thing is that I didn't fact win
God, it's it feels so good to hear those fireworks go off again
And to know that we're getting new jackets. That's happening and I'm pick I'm getting them
I would have gotten new jackets if I was the first to hit a hundred
What I would have done is I would have bought the same jacket
But it'd be new. Oh my god and chat. How is that not reason enough?
To never vote for this man. It did be new
I would just ask case where you got the original jacket. I'd purchase new ones
And maybe I would on somewhere tastefully inside
Leave a note that says you're wearing the jacket crumb chose
Crumb has marked you. That's what you make other people wear even papito
Peter doesn't mind being marked. He's a dog. That's not how dogs work
From his bum. I'm glad the chat is remembering how bad you are
You one little win and you think I'm losing the people
Believe me if I took every
Losing campaign as a sign to quit
Uh, I would have never been a mayor
I would have never stepped foot into my elementary school middle school or high school
Um, I certainly would have never married my wife
It takes it takes usually 50 to 60 tries to accomplish any task that involves people liking you
Stop telling on yourself
Is advice I would give a normal person but keep telling on yourself is advice that I'll give you you just can't stop
There's no foot to put in your mouth
It's just more crumbs
Shoveling crumbs into your mouth your mouth is stuffed with crumbs because that's what you are
And it's just a relief
Crumb's wife is a noted tampon terrorist
I I'm not trying to peter this
I think if you throw a tampon in a bar, especially a used one
If it's not a used one, you should be able to throw it
Oh, no, you shouldn't throw things at people. Oh, come on. If it's an unused tampon, you're in the clear
But it sounds like it was a used tampon. So obviously no
You you think you got kicked out of a bar just for throwing one tampon. Yes
What is with people and the lexical act attitudes towards tampon assault?
Unacceptable. We're not camp on barbarians
Sounds like a new debate. Well, maybe next time
Oh, he's look. He's realizing if we were to debate again
that uh
You might lose the next one
And he's scared because he felt so good for him to win that he's scared to do a twofer today
It's just that we do one debate and it's channel points and stuff
It disincentivizes the use of channel points
If we do we just did two debates yesterday
The bait wall man has no points out of points
Oh my god, this could yes. Let's absolutely debate. Oh, man. It's on a point. Well, I mean to be clear
There's no rush. We couldn't debate this on tuesday. Excuse me. So far away. We won't give a shit by then
Let's debate this right now
Can you throw tampons? Is it okay to throw tampons? Is it okay to throw?
Unused tampons make that poll missabreechy or lavishly zr out and they don't mind doing it
I do see them in chat. So they might be willing to but there's no pressure to
Because we did already we did our debate for the day
and um
It's fine if we move on now
We actually like are the people who watch this and if they want to see something we deliver it
Well
Um, I think what?
Okay, fine
Uh
The chos has no second. Oh, but I see a second poll is the thing. So, I guess there's no
Stopping this. Is it okay to throw tampons?
And in this case your argument is what that it's okay to throw them if they're if they're unused
And then you're just throwing something straffton cottony
It's not okay to walk into a fucking place and litter. It's not okay to throw fucking trash around
It's not okay to throw tissues used or unused if tp in a place doesn't mean the tp is used
It's a problem throwing paper products around establishments
Even if you're in the bathroom, you shouldn't walk in there and just start throwing wads of fucking loose leaf paper at people
And frankly it takes too long to register if the tampon is used or not if you see a tampon flying at your
You're the assumption is that it's used and obviously you're gonna immediately retreat
You're gonna respond you're gonna pull out all of your tactical assault rifles
You're probably gonna remove your knives you're hitting knives from your jacket that can lead to a much bigger incident
You don't want to tempt fate by attacking people with tampons. You never know what kind of deeply hidden weapons
They're gonna immediately draw how many weapons are on you a couple
I'm not coming in here. I'm not bringing a not a weapon to a weapon fight. There's just a weapon fight
There's just a debate. Wait. Do you really have weapons on you?
Everybody's got a couple weapons on them
No, you don't
Why why does case have a security guard? I'm telling
I'll go through security
When you're missing the point the point is that you can throw you can't throw tampons
But uh, well, it's actually pretty close. Um, and again, I'm just saying I'm not saying use tampons
Though I guess for the sake of playing devil's advocate here it is just tampons. So my argument I guess in that case would be
Yes, it's used um
but
Uh, blood is really just another liquid. What? Well, I'm trying to debate what's actually on the screen. Um
Blood is really just another liquid. So, uh
And honestly it's kind of anti women to be scared of period blood. Oh, holy shit
Chat
Chat if you were a dog, I would put your nose in poop and I would say bad chat
And you know it hurts to say that
but come on
Bad chat put your nose in the poop and think of what and here is the poop. No the poop the poop is that I well
I win
I guess we're 50 50 which I guess makes us basically a wash for the day. Why don't I add those points?
We're in stasis now
Oh
Greg
Why does Greg have so many points?
I don't know how channel points work. I just know some people have a lot
And uh, as you would say that's just democracy at work
Even though obviously that's the gross distortion of democracy that I totally disagree with
By the terms we've established for this game
All's fair and loving me hating your ass you bitch. You got crushed. You fucking lose
You
His jaws trying to turn into a snake
He's trying to snake out
Chat I'm fucking warning you you think I just make fun of this man for the sake of it
I don't know what will happen if he keeps winning
Sorry, I locked my jaw there for a second. You're gonna turn into a snake if you win. Is that what's gonna happen?
I can't turn into a snake quit pretending that magic is real
You're crumbly believable
I better up to these scores
You're crumbly
I'll give you a point. Does that make you feel nice
If you feel nice to not be getting crushed for two seconds
Oh, well, let me wipe the taste of success out of your mouth with um with my tongue kiss of excellence
What
Yes gross crumb. Thank you skimmer. I'm not gonna spend that much time on this man. It's just a metaphor
But you will wrap him a butthole and stop
Kissy face
Kissy face you're crumb believable. Oh
You see what I did at the end there. We were arguing. I think I nailed that out
There's no point in me saying anything chat. You see what's happening here
You see what's fucking happening and it
Someone's got to stop this stop this
I can handle it because I'm not mentally strong. I can lose my mind and still be the sanest one
But give me I'll see you on Tuesday. Maybe see you next Tuesday chat
Jesus
I don't know if I like what's happening to crumb
But I'm curious
I'm curious what'll happen for sure
Yeah, Pepito. Drag this crazy crumb out of here
I mean, I do technically have a security card. I guess can you
Can you deal with those two?
Is that my job? What? What do you think your job is?
Hallway?
How is hallway a job?
It's where I am
Craig, I don't know if this is working out man. I might need a new security guard
You got a family
You have a family?
I got a family by my plan from home
With a family
Wait, you mean your family is that plan?
Hallway plant family
Hallway plant family
You can speak in full sentences. You could when I interviewed you. What's going on with you, man?
Uh
Pepito, what do you think? Can we get can you just cut?
Can you control crumb?
Fair enough. Craig needs to lay off the plant. Maybe
Craig only pawn in game. Yeah
I mean, whatever he he did let Peter and he's never really kept anyone out, but
He does look like a security guard and I think that's honestly half the battle
The trauma of him possibly getting fired is rendered a momma's speechless
I mean, he's in the corner. He must have seen how this stream goes. People can get fired all the time
Basically anybody but anyone but Pepito is a fireable person
Which is crazy because Pepito was previously in the most fireable position
Youngster camp, the camp, the computer is the best
You can't give me my best
All the rest
Okay, let's keep going
Pepito does have that permanent dog-limatic immunity. You know what I'm saying?
I'm a dog dog dog-limatic, so I don't follow what you said at all
That's fair actually. Uh, okay. Um
Let's learn about AI again. It looks like chets finally shown up to work
Usually I go to
Jeff for these kinds of stories, but maybe we'll we'll vary who's talking about AI today and and chets here
They staying right. I'm here when I'm a couple minutes late to work
You give up my spot to the wall man. You just weren't here apparently. Yeah, I fucking I was eating the
I went to, um
A Pantera bread. I mean Panera bread. No, it was a Pantera bread. It was staffed by the band
Um, it was a pop-up for Pantera. I think it's pretty I mean, it's kind of low-hanging fruit, but
It was a sick. It was a sick dining experience. He's very good
You think the band Pantera actually did a Panera bread pop-up? I mean
Look, the the they only were playing Pantera music the band Pantera was there
um
and
The food was was not great
Uh, they had the sandwich from hell
The I'm broken panini the clash with reality soup and that was it. It was those three items
You're a real Pantera fan. No, I just you know, I like to try new places
Okay. Well, anyway, thanks for showing up. I guess. I mean, you know, it's a struggle too
I would prefer to not but sometimes you gotta
Sometimes you got to live up to your engagements. I mean not every time I'll probably not come occasionally, but just so you know
I'll be here sometimes
You're here almost every stream
I mean, but I am really busy. Just keep that in mind
Science journal that published rat dick
Al gibberish speaks out. It's actually AI gibberish. Oh, I thought this was a story about like Al from home improvement
Talking about rat dick. No, it's an AI story apparently
Okay, rat dick AI gibberish speaks out
Don't worry the rat
dick
Why'd they take in is that mean dick? I think so
Hmm. All right, I guess they're writing for
TikTok algorithms now or something
rat sags
The rat dick can no longer hurt you the open access paper that contained bizarre al generated imagery. It's AI anytime it says that
It's AI
Al why was Al always? Oh my gosh. Yeah, just
Okay, fine. Yeah, I generate generated imagery of rat
genitalia and gibberish graphics has been
Retracted by its publisher. We said that the study authors violated the journal's guidelines
Like it or not your doctor will use AI what that's a different story. It's sorry. It's this thing just
Just keep going publishing frontiers in cell development biology
The study's text discussed the function of stem cells associated with rat tests testes
Plurals rat tests. No testicles
I don't know
Cells associated with rat testes
But the subject matter is not what captured attention
The study authors included several images that were fantastically and grotesquely incorrect
The authors disclosed in the paper's full text that the images were made by mid-journey one of the most popular
Image generators the article was retracted on february 16 three days after it was published
Al generated exactly megaplush
So
They show in
You want a song? Oh, fuck. I didn't play my song
God damn. I keep forgetting that I keep forgetting that I have that shit and that's just like fucking fire, obviously
Where's my fucking song? Yeah, turn this shit up. It's too quiet every time
Did you get me my lasers? I'm not yet
I I got to install a bunch of lasers to make that happen
Fucking stop playing with your little brat penis and get to work
Macho macho chae
You don't remember the lyrics at all. It's a banger, but you don't have to remember every lyric for a thing to be good
Yeah
Good work chef
Someday we will play the whole thing, right?
We they had to watch you make the whole thing just the other day
And now we're enjoying the fruits of that labor like sys sys office
When he slayed the lion and then ate a boulder
You shouldn't quote greek mythology if you don't even know the most popular example
Oh, sorry. I didn't realize I didn't
Eridict enough to
To make suspicious comments specious comments. Did you buy a word calendar? Yes
But you can't read a lot of the words in it. I
The study in back to the story, please
Okay, the study included substandard figures and annotations generated by an ai program including the the rat a frontier spokesman told
Gizmodo in an email
Despite procrastin place to ensure compliance the continued use of l-generated images
That contravene our clear guidelines was unnoticed and the paper was published
Oh, my gosh, it's gold replicant dropping the tier one sub and welcome to the community
Of the subs. Thank you gold replicant. Yeah, thank you so much and dilemma coming in with the 16 demands
Oh, yeah, what's your little gold right now little man?
That's your little gold little man. What's going on with you? Where's your little gold?
Um asmr mute the asmr rocket raccoon will come and sue thus his music
Okay, I respect that
Can I be real? Where's the fucking
rat dicks in this story
Is this the rat dickly story about rat dicks?
Hmm. I was just wondering the same thing
Okay, I found it
What the fuck?
um
Well, who's to say it's unscientific
But who's scientific standards? I think the standard of a rat not having a giant tree penis
Well, is it even that big? It's not a rat
it's
It's just rocketing into the sky
It's got like three
It's got a couple testicles in there. That's too cool. Hey, just in the bank and thanks for the follow
I would I would smash that follow button too right now
I mean
Who's to say your penis isn't one big ball a couple little balls?
And I mean this is for me. This isn't that far off
making noses pack in heat
Uh, something's happening there
Love the time
She'll be pleading for the rat stuff. I mean maybe pleading for
Just a moment of relief from the rat stuff. This is more like a weapon of war on a rat
penguin's penises are
Are an average of nine inches long
And no one needs to ask how I know this I don't because I do wonder how you know that
You may probably google that, right?
Let's find out
How
Long is a penguin penis. Oh wait, I shouldn't show
Okay, so immediately a penis pops up
How penguins do it? Have you ever seen a penguin's penis? Oh from barstool sports
I like to call it sometimes I call it barstool science because their
Their academic rigor is honestly second to none ever at the barstool
Or as I call it the b-tool
Yeah, a male elephant can use his penis as the fifth leg to support his body weight
Really?
I got that in common with elephants. Yeah
I'm a big penis
You've said that so many times jet
A suspicious amount of time
I'm an honest man. So I just make jokes about the truth in in comedy
Sometimes the funniest thing of all is saying you have a big dick when you do
Shaq can do if Shaq can support his weight with his penis. That is an incredibly sturdy penis. He's a big guy
I mean I can relate
Some people think I'm part shack
But honestly
I'm actually more
bigfoot
part
What did I say I was the other day?
I don't remember what you said. You were the other day shut. You say a lot of things
As chat read truth in comedy. I'm gonna read about how to be funny. I'm going just
Watch dane cook specials and just quote that shit
Who fucked the coats and then like sold them
Who fucked the coats and sold them into and then trafficked the coats. That's not a dane cook joke
I might be confusing that with some other
Problems I've watched recently. Have you been reading QAnon and confusing that with
Dane cook specials?
Look the point is how long is an elephant's penis?
I mean a penguin's you know, actually it's not really saying it in this story
Story doesn't is it this particular story isn't really covering though
So I'm just saying if the question was
Why did um
Why did uh, just the penguin?
Why did just in the penguin?
Wait just in the penguin otk know how long uh penguins penises the answer is because they're they're a specialist and you can tell from the name
Well, thank you for the diversion chat
Can we continue to learn about these unrealistic rat penises?
Well that again that is not that is not confirmed in that it's unrealistic. It's unclear at this time
I mean mid-journey sources a lot of data, so this is I'd say this is most likely the most average drawing of a rat's penis
Just based on the technology
Because it's basically like a giant pet recognition machine. So the pattern here is apparently rats are packing heat
Or that it just attached a weird amalgamated human penis to a rat
Dane cook is really JFK fuck
That makes sense. No, it doesn't
It doesn't definitely not
now
um
The date the paper has been download over 24,000 times have been viewed 358,000 times the work
Uh, certainly occurred more attention than it would have with scientifically accurate illustrations al generated or otherwise
Hey, whatever the rat genitals are clearly anatomically incorrect. Even if you've never investigated rodents nether regions
Are there any more?
I feel like this story is mostly about the photos
Damn, they only have they only have the one
Come on. They got there has to be I'm gonna google this for us
AI generated
rat dick paper
illustrations
This is a good thing for me to type in
Huh, I don't think this is from the actual journal, but this is another
Pretty disturbing one. Jesus Christ. What am I looking at?
Did a rat is the rat emerging from sperms in a vagina apple?
What
Huh, you know, it can't all be
Uh, the same white lady in extremely pristine spaces
Sometimes it's got to be this oh
Life finds a way apparently it really does
It'll just fucking happen. I mean, I don't know
I guess we discovered a new species. No, the point is that it doesn't start generating accurate images
That looks so real. It's scary. Now like literally like it it seems feasible to me like this
I feel like I'm looking at the future right now. Which future the scary one that's happening
There any other these images
I am curious
Looks like it's mostly the
I found one more
And this might be the scariest one of all if you really think about it at least
I won't load that's a tragedy because it's a good one
um
It's because the thing is if a rat fuses with plants it becomes a rat plant
And that way it can sustain itself both through photosynthesis
And through traditional mammalian eating and at that point, there's really no containing the species so
Again, they're the people are ragging on this paper for having unrealistic rat drawings, but
I think it might actually just be forward thinking rat drawings are trying to warn us
about what might happen
Scary stuff case
Well, I
guess
Yes, in a certain sense
The fact that this is drawing made into a scientific paper
Is slightly scary, although there's some pretty suspect scientific papers out there no matter
AI or otherwise and
In this case it is it is AI not otherwise and
Uh, just be careful, you know rat poison
It affects it actually affects the rodents blood
It's sort of a brutal way to kill animals honestly
Um, but apparently you might also get them totally sprung and if you get a rat erect
It is it is at that point a dangerous missile of penis
So be careful using rat poison be careful around these creatures
You never know when they might get horned up and just and just like stab you through the chest
with their
solid nine inches of of stump like heat of you know rat heat
Scary stuff
Sure, and the scariest thing at all is that we did another news and the news was
Covered by me who's no longer blind, but who is a scape of of man a man scape if you will and but right now
I'm man scaping to a different area
But we'll be back next time courtesy of people like peter wiseman keeping me on the air and uh and
covered in
hair and
Chad there
Is the taste of the cheese in the chip place so cheese it and believe it
I'm big shed
I'm big cheddar. Oh, I'm big chair. How does he always forget his name?
That's what happened to steve erwin
We need to have sent out a prayer for steve erwin's son now that we've seen what rats are dealing with
Who knows what even more dangerous animals have going on?
You can't stop singing macho chat
Yeah, there's an even longer version of that
Would you believe that there's an even more fully packed version of macho chat
Hmm that I can't get to work
Oh, there it is
so many
Here we go. You're playing my fucking song after I leave
So I guess that it's a hit
So he's a check he's a check and he's macho. That's the check
Hey, and I
I had to do this without anyone writing his form use a i to write it
But there's really all about the performance
Macho chatting his with sons. He's always hit
He's the ultimate role model the one we won't forget
Macho macho chat
Oh shit, this isn't the chorus
Here we go. He's a fucking dad
Check out who he is man because he's a fucking dad macho the fuck
Also, he's there and he's also a role model and if I'm your fucking boy, I can chill
Careful with the Beyblades, man. He's fucking singing that shit macho macho chat
He's a king of all the rest. The world's strongest. Cool is bad
Bang and great is dead. No contest. I remembered it you bitch
Macho chat
He's
Always
Got that in there that's I did a good job with this
I feel like I did a really good job with this. Well, but we're done now. You piece of shit
It was just fucking getting going
Let's vote off case
You're fired
I can't be
I actually can't be
I'm the real bad guy all along chat. I fucking knew it. I'm kidding
I don't trust that he's kidding and I don't feel safe and so I'm gonna go. I'll be back though
Okay, okay macho macho sing it chat
He knows the lyrics. I know he does. Okay. I'll see you later
Heroes never die
That's true. Dude, my board is getting kind of crazy
So crazy that I can do this add your lotion. Yeah
Hit them all fire one million
I need to get more graphics. I only have three
Heroes never do that
I like to think all of the balloon ducks are still living living along inside us all
All right, let's
Go down to the movies. Let's go down to the lobby
I have the dancing panther on a different computer. I need to turn on my old computer and extract some files
Another thing that that's for some reason bothers me
I
And this I'll put it this way crumb used to have different lighting
I think
And I need to find the old light chrome on uh
On my old computer and I can't find I can't seem to find
Can't seem to find the old chrome
On my new computer. It's very minor
He's like he's his neck looks a little different
Yeah, jaundice crumb, you know, I actually um
For some reason I got a notification on a really old youtube video from my
Like uh the case blackwell streams channel where if you ever want to watch way too much of me
There's actually quite a catalog of these things now
But I think it was like on either the first or second one as a damn
This uh stream did used to look a little different and I was blonde
He hasn't been shape-shifting as much. That's true. Maybe the new one's better
Maybe it's secretly better
Just for the hell of it
Oh
Also, I used to not have live streams. I used to just
Have to upload these things every time
Look at this
Let me find old crumb
Yeah, this stream used to look marginally different. Can you believe that?
I can go in the wayback machine
and find
A stranger previous version of crumb. I can't tell if he looks better or worse
I think I look a lot crisper, but somehow crumb I feel looks
Maybe better is the wrong word. It just looks different
Okay, munch looks a little weird too
Everybody's looking a little weird somehow this looks like it's from a from like a couple years ago and it's from like a couple months ago
All the colors are totally different
And it's that's on this, you know, maybe this old set had had a nice simplicity to it
Maybe we've gone a little bit overboard with the current setup or maybe we haven't gone bored enough
He's so much younger. That's true. Crumb was about 10 years younger in those videos
The blonde hair does change up things. You know, maybe it was just having an easier time
Adjusting blonde hair, you know what I mean? No, because no, no, no, right?
The color was a little crazy
New stations are new stations are a uh
A work in progress
It's a marathon not a new sprint
You only go far once we get start getting seizures from the visual overload
Yeah, and I'm not close enough to damaging the eyes of my audience yet
I'd say only 50% of the stream damages your eyes and we could go so much farther
Cough cough cough the digi evolution. All right, let's send it to the movies
Let's see how our friends French and Chris are doing
But I guess mostly trend it is it is his thing
Watch some trailers. We'll cover another story and then we'll do something else and get out of here for the day
I have to go. I actually have to go to my new
Apartment that's also sort of like a house apartment a much bigger apartment
No, just maybe I can call the house
Uh, because we're finally possibly in the opening stages of moving
We'll see but I have to go do that this afternoon
But anyway, for now, let's send it over to Trent. He's at the movies
Yeah, you're my throat before I fucking launched into some fucking hot ass trailers new dunes out
I've seen the trailers. So I basically seen the movie, but
Maybe I'll watch the extended trailer. I haven't decided yet. I'm sort of a trailer purist
Youngblood, you got to start watching actual movies, man
You're you're just what it's like watching commercials for food and never eating. It's crazy. How you do this
I mean, I've seen a couple of the extended trailers and to me it's just like
You know why waste my time watching one movie when I could watch like
40 trailers or three in 10 minutes
You can honestly watch way more than three trailers in like the 20 minutes it takes us to but you really like to break them down
Well, you really like to talk about them
And I really like to say hi chris
Bringing your usual energy man. That's great
Sound sarcastic
It's not
You're bringing your usual energy
All right with respect. All right. Well, as long as it with respect
There's a dragon ball vhs from spreechi. There's a dragon ball vhs movie trailer from the 90s a little way back
Who actually I forget that uh, sometimes I forget I can actually show chats now
There's a dragon ball vhs movie trailer from the 90s a little ways back in the thread
I highly recommend checking out. It's way better than evolution was
And absolutely spreechi
Let's fucking do it
What I know
Where's my fucking, okay
Dragon ball vhs movie trailer. That's wild
Can I find it dragon ball? Please
Please oh, I can just search
Because I'm young and I understand technology
Most things are better than evolution was hell. Yes. Here we go. The magic is about to begin for this trailer
Oh, whoa, whoa. I gotta share this with the world. Don't play it already. Let's see. What's up?
What the fuck?
I'll play it. There we go. What the fuck? That's goku
Whoa
Did he kick through the staff?
What the fuck this shit rules
Wait a minute. How come this fucking shit slaps and is awesome? Look at that dragon. That's photorealistic
There are seven pearls
Seven pearls
The dragon pearls. Oh my god. It's uh spirits
Dude goku could do that shit. I mean, that's just accurate goku could fuck a crocodile up
Watch out goku. She's got a gun
Okay, that all right. Forget that one part
Ignore that one part
You know
Even the greatest sculptures occasionally have errors in them, so
They use that dragon animation a lot
Because it's that good. It's just that good
Holy hell, man. I mean
It's a preachy when you're right. You're right. Jesus Christ
That that shit was on that movies on fire
I mean fuck that is right up my alley, too
Uh, thank you for the recommendation. I did not know that exists
Despite being an old head who remembers when dragon ball z was just dragon ball
I remember when dragon ball super was dragon ball gt was dragon ball z was dragon ball
Remove dragon ball gt from that list and we're finally in agreement
You know
Come on people are too hard on gt
No, they're not
They're not hard enough on gt
What do people have against gt? Well, you don't like a goku that's
Got a little monkey fern
I mean what really what do people have against it? It fucking doesn't it misses the mark, man
It doesn't understand the careful power scaling
Constructed over decades of people punching
GT can suck a rat dick. Well, that's dangerous. Those things are huge
GT does stand for garbage time
Everybody agrees with you chris. You're so old that
Your brain is unfortunately hit the point where it thinks dragon ball gt is good
Which is the first set of early on sign being a little bitch
Early onset being a little bitch. That's offensive young blood
on
What are we with respect?
Not sure how that works what you just said, but
All right, you know how this guy works sick
Okay, let's see what else is going on
The beautiful game
That's what women uh say every time I have a conversation with them
That's what it fucking chicks say about me when I talk. Who's ever said that young blood people have said people man. Let's watch this shit
That's him. He's the one I told you about had swagger. They really did
I was a player
Then he was a pro
I like that actor who's kind of a vampire
I like the vampire guy
We're gonna play an international football tournament in Rome. There'll be players
Nice shadow football tournament. That's my angle Jackson. I'm working on
Homeless
I am not homeless before he was homeless. It's just a bit of a twat
This competition brings us all together a second chance to be part of the team
I feel like I'm watching an ad for a college the potential that sport has built a better world
Come to Rome I can't I think you can
I'm sick. It's inspired by the real homeless world cup. This doesn't feel good story then
Sorry, I thought I made that clear
Get a ball you pass it to me. I'm sick of this thinking you're better than us just because you can kick a ball
That does make you better
Everyone has a reason for being here and every player has a story to tell I did something
You know I'm different now. I have to prove that you think football can do that
Nobody can save themselves
We save each other. It's horrific. You still are
If you lose your way
The team
Will always come and find you
If you win, I'll buy you dinner, but you're not gonna win
Are you ready?
We can't find south africa south africa is at the bottom of africa
She's referring to the football team alpha. Oh shit, okay
damn
It fucking got me because
Sometimes live doesn't want you to
play at football, but
Whether it's american or spanish
Football is the heart man and
Everybody's got a football
And that movie were reminding me of that man that got you
I thought it was beautiful and then the people were like, uh, uh, oh my way
And I just like honestly, I'm not afraid to show emotion when it's called for
You sure it's not just that song for some reason does that to you?
You remember anything about what just happened in that trailer
I like I like uh people overcome coming
In adversity due to sport. That's one of the
Most classic stories of all
Which sport were they playing?
The ball one
I think I got to work on your media literacy young blood
Although i'm not your teacher. I'm actually just your parole officer
Yo zander, thanks for the raid my man
All right
Shit a third season of is it cake?
hmm
The strangers chapter one
Oh, that's
That's a prequel to a different horror movie
We watched bad versus wild
I saw the tv glow. I'm curious about this one
This one was a tiktok was attempting to sell me this one
Still think chris is trans dad?
God, he's not my dad owns a steak shop and I never did own one
I'm not
Stop raising your eyebrows, man
You're leaving the door open for this dude. You're not
How much cake could there possibly be? I mean three seasons worth
Of things that are cake, but not
Or not cake
I've sent a dick pic to select a few of y'all
Lady satrix
Thank you. Thank you for the blessings
All right, let's watch uh
Is the tv glow?
I saw the tv glow is a tv glow. I don't know, but I saw is a tv glow. Let's check this out
I know this might sound crazy
I don't want to alarm you
Do you remember a tv show we used to watch together? I remember shows. It was called
The pink opaque?
Yeah, do you watch?
Dude they de-aged Aubrey Plaza. This is crazy
Each episode they help each other fight a new monster from across the county, but it's way too scary for most kids
We're gonna defeat him this time. We're gonna need to harness the full potential of our shared powers
Sometimes the pink opaque feels more real in real life
Many it was a tv show
But are you sure that's all it was? I like girls. You know that, right?
Totally that's fine
What about you? Do you like girls?
I think that I like tv shows
Good answer dude. That's game right there. It's our destiny. How can I have a destiny?
Something's wrong. This is how life is supposed to feel
Tell me you know it's true
Maddie, it's it's just the suburbs
Seems like y'all way somewhere else like me
Maddie disappeared without a trace
All they found was her tv set burning in the backyard. I told myself I made the right choice
It really was someone else
Very far away on the other side of a television screen
I am effective Pikachu's getting fucking twisted y'all. That's just kind of scary
Yeah, man. I mean what if tv got you?
Ever wondered that like what if tv
Fucking came at you, man
That looked good and you're making it sound not
That good
Well, I actually did like the look. I don't really know what it
Really tracked what they were going for but I like the aesthetic
And um, I mean I'd watch it
824
24
Movies about tv's killing you
Here wise me or confused look
It's a glowing tv and the glow of the tv contains many hot concept ideas that are
In a vibe a deadly vibe if vibes was deadly the movie the tv vibe that killed you a film by
fruit trees
It's a fruit tree production and a smudge films production. Thank you very much
Look at all many things. Look at how much you got to give credit to all these people. All right
824 presents a fruit tree production a smudge films production a hype nick jerk production association with access entertainment by justice smith bridgett londie
and others
You got to get production companies cool names and they did smudge films
I mean, that's true
You got to stand out with names like smudge films hip nick jerk
Or further gorgeous ladies are wrestling. It does look a little
Well, it doesn't look like that. It looks like are you afraid of the dark, but it does have glow in the title
So I see where you're coming from
Oh, you tracked that young blood. I I did. I swear
All right. Well, good job. You watched them. Yeah, but what if I told you?
That there is a bonus trailer because I want to see
The cake trailer you want to see the cake trailer
why
I don't know because
What a what kind of cakes do they have this season? You're not curious. I have not watched this show full disclosure
To be totally real never seen an episode of this never planned to
And that's because you oldest shit, dude. You don't even get what it's fucking
It's fucking fascinating. Is it is it cake?
Oh, should it was I thought he was about to kill a frankenstein
What are you hiding to take their share of a prize?
Wait, these look more like cake than I remember
This guy's funny
That guy's funny
You know what I like about that particular host
Is it sort of feels like if rick and morty made a joke about snl?
This would be like the what the white guy that snl had it's like he's pulled from a satire of snl
Into our reality, which means he's double the comedy
It's good
nice
Big fan of cake the is it cake the show big fan
All right, you're allowed to like things and I do why are you being so defensive about liking this show? I swear. I like it
Okay
Nice
All right. Well, look we watched a bunch of trailers and then including the cake one which was a
Secret bonus trailer. It's like a huge big deliver for me. You watching the thing is not that impressive
Chris. All right. Anyway, that's all the time. We're gonna have for today. Thanks for checking this out
You were here, so I guess that means you know what it is. We'll see you fucking next time. Bye
Let's see what else is going on
There's some story about leap years, but I'm kind of curious about um
About this willy walk a thing vanity fair has a whole article on it
So why not there's probably videos
We'll supplement these with videos like a substitute teacher
Okay, um
Good Jeff over here to talk about willy wonkas
It's Wonka time
Yeah, the details on the Wonka thing are wild. I believe it
Chris's new name is harsh mellow buzzkill
That guy can kill the buzz. All right. I went out drinking with him one night
I couldn't get drunk for some reason just kept going and going and I felt more sober the whole time
It sounds almost like a magic power my thoughts exactly willy wonka
Back in the news
The character that just won't die
But I'm rooting for that to happen. You're not a Wonka fan. He's a dangerous chocolate man
He's like a chocolate cereal killer. I don't understand why people like him
To me, he's just a vicious anti-parent maniac
And I don't see what's to trust
He's against american families. You heard it here first willy wonka is against american families and I'm done with it frankly
Did he own the flying elevator now? Did he did unfortunately by that elevator from Wonka so
Wonka and Diddy the same guy
Uh, no, but maybe the other but they're not
same elevator
Well, they weren't elevators that rocketed out of a building
Diddies was a little less controlled
Can Wonka turn into a pile of doves and also commit tons of sex crimes for multiple decades
oops, okay, um
The beardiest newsman in the biz thank you propaganda
You hear that case? I want to know you have a way thicker beard than me. It's
It's thick
Good luck getting a finger through here
This is a barrier around my face. This could protect me
from a sun flare
I think it couldn't
alone
You'll never have to test it and neither will I
Unless a sunflower hits us
You're just freaking yourself out for no reason. Jeff. Do you want to talk about willy wonka? Yes
Sure
Backstage pass to the Oscars. I don't want that. Oh my gosh. Just
This is being this thing is being difficult
I just want to there it is
Willy's chocolate. Hey, wait a minute. Did you make my theme too?
I sang one. Oh shit. I have to do that
Why did I even sing if I don't have a theme? I'll get on it. It'll be here for next week
I got other things to do. I got a busy
Schedule I
I do okay
Willy's chocolate experience nightmare what went wrong
Things have gotten even wilder
You threw me off with all of your nonsense
Even wilder in the world of willy's chocolate experience
Production companies of Illuminati has issued a statement on facebook
apologizing for the event and attempting to explain how it came to pass
And for context what?
um
Well
I'm sure we can find videos
So let's do that first. Let's go to tiktok
The source of quick bites of context and or an ai voice telling us what happened
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Care about no I just hearted something I don't like
What the fuck tiktok?
Well, let me not watch this video. Okay. Just a sec
Willy wonka experience. All right. Let's see what's going on
Imagine being advertised
Taking your time to this
Paying $40 for entry
And then seeing this
That's what happened in willy's chocolate experience immersive event in glasgow scotland
Inspired by but not affiliated with the wonka franchise
The event organizers apparently use artificial intelligence
to generate promotional images that suggested a very high quality attraction
However, parents were horrified
This looks incredible
you're being
That doesn't look sort of unsettling to you. I actually I feel like this might be a little bit like
Semi on any consumer who came to this after seeing this
Very ai looking image
You I don't know if we can zoom in but some of these kids faces are really pizzaing out
What do you mean? This is look at this little girl
We zoom and there's no zooming enough to show you how realistic these faces are
But just trust that um
These kids are so excited their faces are collapsing in on themselves. And that's the mark
Of a high quality experience as a parent
Oh, I might have just been suckered right into this
Fied when they showed up to this a mostly empty warehouse with scattered tapestries and decorations
The best way to describe this is something that you would see at a birthday party rather than a big extravaganza one participant noted
It's being called the fire fest of immersive events
Police were even called to the scene and parents said that their children were in tears
We were told to hand a couple of kids jelly beans and a quarter cup of money
One employee said after an immediate and angry response from early arrivals who demanded their money back
The event was shut down midday. However, the organizers failed to inform later attendees
Some of who had traveled long distances and are now demanding their train costs be refunded to
Organizers house of Illuminati apologized for the quote stressful and frustrating day and confirmed that full refunds would be given to customers
Which could take up to 10 days. How would you feel if you I'd feel
well, let's
This is the other clip everybody's passing around
Which I've seen without much context
I mean, okay based on that
It's maybe pretty good. Maybe we're maybe we're reacting too harshly here. You see that little guy
Willy Wonka actor
Okay, there's a bunch of people claiming to be this actor now unfortunately
Willy Wonka mask I just want to see the full video
Oh tiktok is already
Tiktok is tiktok if I had it too hard. There's no finding it now
No finding it at all. There's no finding it
Is this a scene from kingdom of heaven? Well
um
Orlando bloom kind of looks like
What I imagine a young Willy Wonka would look like, you know, sort of a last generation's timothy shallow me
That's true. So the connection is right there
I think it's totally fair to reference kingdom of heaven at your Willy Wonka event
I don't think they were going for that looks like a more of a mix between harry potter and
Centennial man sent it does not look like sentennial man. You think everything looks like sentennial man
The oompa loompa lady has done a couple like I'm honestly their take on oompa loompa
Don't fuck this up for me tiktok. Just show me the oompa loompas from this thing
Oh, it's everybody's reactions
recognize
Where's the og videos dammit? Maybe okay, we're gonna go to tiktok. I mean, we're gonna go to twitter
We're gonna hope that twitter has a little less commentary a little more primary sources if you will
um
Willy Wonka
Well, we'll just see if that where that gets us
Come on, please
Show me the Wonkas
Damn it. These are all memes
So hard to find a decent Wonka video now
Oh my
What is that?
Well, here's at least the um, here's the clip of the mast guy. What is that?
It's the unknown
That is
Yeah, that's the unknown
That's certainly one thing you could call that is the unknown
Damn, I haven't I've only seen I'll still only see photos of the oompa loompas even on twitter here
But the photo is pretty good
Oh, yeah, look at these ladies hard at work. That's an upgrade. Come on. What do you want?
The the guys from the original Hugh Grant or just too hard-working gals doing
candy chemistry
Making a new type of sugar glass
It looks like they're cooking math. Yeah, it does look
Unfortunately
Oompa loompa doompa deep math, you know, I yeah, I get it. I get it
Oh, well, you know
It's important to
Have big dreams
sometimes those dreams don't
Spiral out of your brain quite the way you thought they would or you know, you just don't try that hard
and I say
You never know you miss 100 percent
of the
Immersive Willy Wonka experiences. You don't false advertise
um
No, but
Anyway, they apologize
They're sorry. I mean
oopsie
I am reaching out. Let's zoom in. Oh my god
I am reaching out to address the recent cancellation of the willies chocolate experience event
Firstly, I want to extend my sincerest apologies to each and every one of you
Who was looking forward to this event and I get some emotional music here actually
um
Yes
Is that too before you
No, but
Uh, I want it's important for me to clarify that the organization and decisions surrounding this event were solely my responsibilities
I want to make it clear that anyone who was hired externally or offered their help
Are not affiliated with me or the company any use of faces can cause serious harm to those who did not have any involvement
in the making of this event
in relation to
The goa bank hug pub. Sorry. It's very little on my screen
this was a non-profit organization that was
Set during covet to provide help and support to people in need of help
Which I was responsible for this guy did it all
The main directors roles were focused on supporting our community and ensuring the continuation of the hubs activities
Without any direct involvement in the event organization or financial decisions
Regarding a personal matter, there will be no wedding and no wedding was funded by the ticket sales
This is a difficult time for me. I ask for your understanding and privacy regarding the refunds
I am committed to rectifying this situation
All all all eight hundred and fifty transactions will be will be continued to be refunded
I'm actually reading what's on it will be continued to be refunded
has been posted to ensure transparency
And demonstrate my commitment to making this right for everyone affected
You might have to
Demote his chat gpt here for writing this I ask for a bit of time to process everything that has happened
My intention is to learn from this experience your support and understanding during this time
Being the world to me. Thank you for taking the time to read this message sincerely. Isn't that definitely a chat gpt
It's got that vibe for sure
Can we let's can we prompt one out real quick? Oh, yeah prompt it out, John
Let's prompt one out real quick
Oh, I'm gonna prompt
Now that was beautiful
It was a I written
But what if we test it
Well, just don't take too long
I'll be a quick little boy. We'll look at lily on a song here. Um, please write a sincere apology letter
For putting on a
Oh willy wonka
experiential pop-up
um
Be sure to
Note that you were solely responsible for the event's failures and not the actors you hired
Um, also let everyone know that your wedding is canceled
And you're doing everything you can
To issue
Refunds for 850 tickets
Okay
Oh, shit. It's a song. Oh, no, it's okay. I am writing to extend my sincerest apologies
For the recent events surrounding the willy wonka experiential pop-up that was scheduled to take place
I take full full responsibility for the failures
I take full responsibility for the failures and shortcomings event
I want to express my deepest regret for any inconvenience or disappointment this may have caused
I was my sole responsibility to ensure that the willy wonka experience met the expectations of our guests
And I acknowledge that I fell short in that regard
Despite the dedication and professionalism of actors and staff that we hired for the event
I failed to adequately oversee the planning and execution leading to a subpar experience for attendees
Additionally, I want to inform you that due to personal circumstances my wedding has been cancelled
While this is a private matter
I recognize this affects my planning and execution of the willy wonka event
However, I want to emphasize that this is not an excuse for the shortcomings of the event
And I take full responsibility for the failures
As of now I'm diligently working to reshoot all 850 tickets issue refunds for all 850 tickets
For the purchase event, I understand the frustration and inconvenience this may have caused
It's um, you don't even need to see the rest
It's totally different. I take it back. You wouldn't download an apology
Apparently you can
This was better than what was put out. I mean they're very very similar
I mean to be fair I mean all these even if a human wrote it it would probably be uh
Pretty similar but the the giveaways are sentences like uh like what I am reaching out
It's important for me to clarify
We forgot about the goa bank cub
In relation to the to the goa bank cub
Everyone's upset about the goa bank cub. They might be to be fair. I don't know what that is
Uh, it's very similar, but chat should be he doesn't do grammatical errors like they did. That's true
The end is the most human part of all
Well, maybe they're using uh, some of these silver actresses like gpt 2.0
We're getting the six hands version of uh of ai here
Well, uh, just to round this out, uh, the statement written in the first person is not signed
It does not explain how the writer is affiliated with House of Illuminati
But the mystery writer does apologize and take okay. We read it
Um, the writer of the statement goes on to promise they'll refund which we read
Stop and think about it. Willy Wonka's talk at the factory is absolutely terrifying place
A lunatic millionaire lures a group of children and they're unwitting parents to his massive estate where they are expected to try his
Non-fda-proof concoctions. Okay. Now they're just
Wait, this is the original post
Oh, no, okay
Oh, okay. This is just someone having fun now vanity fair is just kind of going in
We get it though. It was a shitty event poorly planned by someone trying to make money
And maybe that'll work. Can you monetize this sort of failure?
Maybe if you're this person you can get
Hade to go on podcasts and talk about it. There's probably still a way to milk some money out of this
It's gotten a lot of national attention. Frankly, if you put the event back up, it would probably sell out
He really should just put it straight back up exactly how it was
But now it's ironic so
Round two, baby a ding ding ding put me in the ring
And it give me some of the money. I'll put it up. I'll put up the money. Let's do it again
Run it back. It popped off and uh
Sometimes failure just means uh ironic success
So let's go. Let us fucking go. We're we're straight winning
Morbin it's morbon time and that works for them
So there's no reason to believe that this can't work for us
We can do it you and me together
Come with me like mine like i'm p ditty, but before all the bad stuff
And together you and I can
Scan people
Just straight up
Scam the shit out of them
Believe in yourself believe in america and believe in them in magic
at the willy wonka
At the wonka we can't say willy anymore and we can't say wonka. It's the wilka
It's the wilka concert experience
And the a has a really short
Line on the side of it, and we spelled it w i l c
A sort of it's a wilka concert
Live experience come on down
percent I go bank. Yes
Believe in the con
There's nothing else to believe in betty. I don't both cop at the same time and that's crazy. That is crazy. That's so crazy
That's crazy. That's totally crazy
All right, everybody. Well, we covered it. Um, I I took I I cannonballed into that story
Creating a huge splash, but now the splash is settled and what's left the ripples
But even those are receding now and so must I why?
Because i'm jeff rippled i'll make my fucking theme so i can play myself off of that shit crazy that you didn't do that
It's the wilka concert
We're so excited
Okay
Oh, boom. I'll bet you'll honk once you wonk at my talk
That's the kind of writing that they couldn't manage
Over at the willy wonk experience
Yeah, I might have to
Spinachy
Thank you so much for the raid
Oh my gosh, spinachy heads. I hope you had a great stream
We just talked about the beautiful willy wonka
slightly nightmarish experience
A little late to the party possibly on it
But um, you know case you didn't see it
I mean look how good it looks. I don't understand what everybody's complaining about
If this is the only photo you see
This is the best it looked
This is as good as we could do that's where you get kidnapped
Well, just because the production quality is low doesn't mean the actors will kidnap you
Right
That's not guaranteed the actress might
Definitely don't go it does seem unsafe. It didn't seem a little unsafe
Pepito anything we should do before we uh, we now we've been raided. What do you want to see? Pepito?
All that catches everyone up
Everyone is fully caught up
The tram benches tastes like tram benches
It's it's a
It's a unique flavor profile of bench
Lick the walls. They taste like real industrial soot because we use real industrial walls
Oh my god. Oh shit. Now. We got a asmr music. Are we out of here for the day? That's crazy
Whoa
What
Tamtrin coming in with 11 community subs
Well now all of some of you spinachi raiders have been forcibly subbed to case
So he's gonna show up in your feed
And he can only blame tamtrin, but I will thank him
Because I'm a dog
Doesn't make a ton of sense. You think he'll cozy your dog. Yes. Okay. Well, thank you so much for the subs tamtrin
Oh my gosh, I'm like a 1 900. It's also giving on a sub
Nice it is nice
The famous metal face guy from wonka was there. Yes metal face
You've might have you might know metal face from tiktok, but did you know he's also a willy wonka character?
Now he is I would honestly like to see a wonka movie
I want to see not a documentary about the making of this fake wonka thing
But a willy wonka movie where that just is the factory he sends out the golden tickets
Everybody comes in
It's still played by
Timothy chalamet, but that was the best he could do
And it's just five parents that don't he doesn't really have the resources to have them dramatically, you know
Punished for various malfeasances
He just can show them sort of two board
uh hipsters
cooking candy math
That's the movie I want damn it
But what the people want
is um
Is asmr music sorry asmr music
ASMR music
Who named this god damn you did
I watched you do it getting told on uh news from super earth sub goal
Super earth
Is that a thing that's going on right now?
That's a fun another earth with tantalizing possibilities. Um, I mean I want to talk about super earth
This this uh this website might not be
Discovery alert super earth inhabitable zone
Shit, we're not even the best earth. There's a super earth. We're not even earthing the best over here
That's disappointing. They might have super dogs. I can finally feel at home
I mean, yeah, you're you're some kind of super thing
Um, maybe I'll have ASMR rocket raccoon talk about super earth and then whatever else
An asmr rocket raccoon talks about in fact, I'm gonna give dj music the day off
I'm send it to the roof
But the one on the roof
Will be ASMR rocket raccoon
So let's send it over there might take just a second to get this going so give me a minute, but um
It's we're gonna have ASMR rocket raccoon send us off for the day one second. Can you hear me?
I hope you can hear me. I can sort of hear me
Hmm, can I hear me? Okay, I can kind of hear me. Just on for a second. Yeah, there we go. Okay. Yeah, I'm audible
Listen, I'm a raccoon
I can't read that well
Um, and I also can barely see
I'm sort of uh
More of a night raccoon. It's real bright out here
Just so you know
I'm a rocket raccoon. I mostly do ASMR
um
And thus I am ASMR rocket raccoon
I'll say some jaw problems. So you might hear some light squeaking
I have what they call squeak jaw as part of the ASMR experience
The trash panda wants to give you rabies and make babies. I'll do one of those
Only one at a time, please
I'm kidding. I won't have sex with you, but I will I might have rabies as possible
I'm from space. I'm not affected by diseases like other like like you are
I'm gonna struggle to read this and I'll play music while I do it and um
And that's one of my goals
Let's play something sexy. That's too sexy. Oh, okay. Now we're talking. Oh, yeah
Okay. All right
Where's this space storage?
This guy's setup is so complicated. Are you honestly, what the fuck?
Space, please
Oh, yeah, okay
Still looking good now
Okay discovery alert a super earth in the habitable zone
Let's let's fucking chill
And read this story again
by super earth
ripe for further investigation
Orbit's a small reddish star that is by
astronomical standards fairly close to us
Only 137 light years away
Let's say what the fuck
I can't see. I can't see a fucking thing. Okay, sorry. Um
The bigger planet
Dubbed to I 715 b
Is about one and a half times as wide as earth
And orbits within the conservative habitable zone
Around its parent star
That's the distance
From the star that could give the planet the right temperature for liquid water
The form on its surface several other factors that have to line up, of course
For surface water to be present. Let me do a little ASMR for you to break this up. Oh
Yes, I love this
I love space so much
Yes, yes, please space, please, please
More space, please more space. Yes
Yeah, there we go
Get that mic right right deep in my rocket mouth. Okay
Let's keep going. Let's learn more. I love to learn
The smaller planet could only be slightly larger than earth and also might dwell just inside the
conservative conservative habitable zone
astronomers are beginning to write a whole new chapter on understanding of exoplanets
And uh that chapter is pretty long so
Uh, just here is it's a big-ass earth. It's in the habitable zone
It's honestly big as hell
We're excited about it
Because it's so damn big
It's so damn big
It's so big
Oh, it's so good. Oh that earth girth. Yeah, exactly
Such a girthy earth skimer
Get me um
Get me a space beat
Holy shit, I cannot emphasize how hard it is for a raccoon to see a screen
I think screens might be on some kind of different
Um spectrum than what raccoons usually say because I cannot see fucking shit
Yeah, yeah. Oh, there's some good mic juice in here
I'm ASMRing so hard right now
Smooth space beat, please
Spacey melodic beats. Here we go. Now we're talking
Let's see what this thing's deal is
Now let's whisper rap about space together
This is what the people really want is whisper raps about space
That's what I've decided
Like hot dogs the thing so this story's personal to me. A song about space. That's why I came here to say
There's nothing sexier than space
Because space contains every but
Every but you can imagine is in space
And every all the genitals are in space if you really think about it
And I have because I'm ASMR rocket raccoon. I think that's going to do it for today
I feel really proud of what we accomplished together on this stream
It feels like we did a rid what you're seeing right now is
It's important stuff that needs to be said
And we should all feel good about ourselves. Let's raid Ovali
I can see that Ovali's on just barely out of the corner of my eye
So let's go ahead and raid Ovali Ming
Yeah, there we go
I'll play us out with another hot space track
I'll do some whisper shout outs
On our way out of the street. I cannot fucking see
What the fuck
The raid has been created
Space loafer. Here we go. Okay. Now we're back in ASMR mode 24 seven
Shout out to my baby. Just call. I'll see you soon. Bye. Bye junk dog gearless joan man. Okay. We're done. See everybody
That's it for today
That's all we got time for I just gotta find this top stream button
But again, I really can't see but we are done. Okay