That easy.
It's just that easy to start a stream.
Oh man.
However, there's a chance.
There's a chance that we might be operating in.
Ugh, I can't.
You know what?
Guys, I'm gonna reset my computer
because there's just no way around it.
I don't know what happened.
This is a three-part stream,
a three-part attempt to start the stream.
Sometimes it just doesn't cooperate it.
Yeah, I'm back and I gotta leave again
because everything is effing.
All the Fs are out.
Give me one second.
I'll be right back.
Uggings.
Now we're finally back to normal.
Uggings.
Now we're finally back to normal.
Lawless victories all around.
I'm Pepito.
I'm the dog that produces the show.
I'm now in a slide.
Oh, is that a fact, Pepito?
And I'm a dog.
Because if you're producing so hard,
why are you busy breaking the stream?
I didn't want to do it,
but I did wanna bite things.
So I just followed my instincts.
You don't wanna produce the stream?
No, I don't know what it is either.
So I also don't know if I broke it.
You can't bite all the power cords.
But they're full of yummy juice.
They give me exciting tingles.
Life is all about chasing the exciting tingles case.
And that's why you're not really alive.
Because I'm not biting cords?
Just one way you can get tingles.
You can also bite sparky metal objects.
Like active, like metal with currents running through it?
Whatever you wanna call it.
Find your sparky thing that makes your body tingle
and you'll never work another day in your life
because you'll break the stream.
Okay, well, it's late.
I started late.
I broke the stream several times.
Well, Pepito broke the stream several times in a row.
I was a Popee to set us to pray the show to exist.
Yeah, what's your prayer for the day?
Ah, that's it for the day.
Amen.
That's rude.
You're being a rude dude, Pepito.
Yeah.
I got a tattoo today.
What?
Yeah, I got a tattoo that says, but.
Where?
On a different guy.
No, if you get a tattoo that's to be on your body.
So says you.
I mean, you gotta get a tattoo that says, but.
Who?
Hmm.
He is one of the guys.
On his butt?
No, on his pecs.
Okay, I don't even care.
Yes, you do.
Uh-uh.
If it's broadcasting, yeah.
Is he one of the guys?
He's a person.
Yeah, he was one of you guys.
Like just a human?
He's definitely one of you guys.
Like I said, I started late.
I'm already behind.
I think I should just get into it for the day.
Do a little bit of news.
Sing.
We got songs to sing.
Yeah, but Pito can't tell humans apart.
Who knows what aspects of my stream
are currently broken from having to restart it?
I mean, you know, not much later than I usually start,
but it's Friday and it's after six and I just started.
So, given the pace I usually go through these segments at,
I should probably get to it.
Yeah, he really can't tell humans apart.
Not at all.
JPEG Mafia.
Oh, right.
We'll do a little news.
We got a debate queued up.
We're doing an AI Rooney.
I know it's live and sleazy when I see the deep cuts.
Then I know that a real head has requested
one of the secret segments.
A secret in the sense that we just do it very rarely,
but we'll do it.
Whatever, we probably have time
for one segment other than that too.
In fact, we'll just load it up right now.
Whoops.
I broke it again.
There, now we should be back to zero.
Okay.
Yeah, the next one I'll just turn the segment.
I'm getting used to my new segment system
that technically actually works.
Okay, let's do some news
and then we'll get into everything else.
It's news time.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Oh, hello there.
You've brought the flies with you today.
Indeed.
Some little ravenous pack of flies.
It's me.
Girf.
Garf?
Girf.
Girf with a D.
Your name is Girf with a D.
The D is a soft D.
So, Girf.
Where's your brother, by the way?
Wandering.
You know that when you hired a young man.
We've got to be, we look so similar.
We got to be the young age.
I'm older.
I'm younger than you actually.
To me, your spirit is youthful and inexperienced.
You've never spent any time wandering
this great nation, the planet, the stars,
astrally projecting into other realms.
You can't prove that I've never astrally projected.
Do you know Jonsnium?
What?
Exactly.
Girf.
I already argue about the names of one of the people.
That's somewhat newer.
So can we just, can we just settle on Girf?
If you want to say my name that way,
I'll be the bigger man and accept it.
A huge man.
Are you like five eight?
What the hell?
Don't call people out for their exact height.
I'd say we're pretty close.
Look, I look bigger than you.
Yeah, but you're all scooted up in the chair.
Does he always like this?
Does he always suck like this?
Yeah, I'm always like this.
Hmm.
How many of the bin staff get paid great question?
Me?
All of them guys, all of them get a big slice of this pie.
And it's a pie.
It's not the biggest pie, but it's a pie.
What do I get paid again?
You should know that yourself, man.
But you should also know that.
I don't discuss money actually publicly.
I'm sort of old school like that.
You mean part of the capitalist class
that tries to keep us down by never discussing
hard facts and figures on the amount that they own?
There's news to get into today.
Let's see.
Something or other tariff.
Stocks.
Yeah.
I think I spelled tariff wrong too,
but let's just go with it.
Do you hear all the...
You hear about all the market stuff?
Exciting market news.
Yeah, it's a hostess apple pie here.
Exactly.
You guys got it.
These folks get it.
All right.
Back for me, please.
Now you're all set up, turf.
Or what?
Oh, to read?
Ugh.
A brutal payoff.
Very well.
It's amazing.
One second, please.
Everything is broken and bad.
That's not the news, though.
Don't get confused.
That's not exactly the news.
There it is.
Flipping everything around.
Flipping it and reversing it like my name's Timothy Shalmet.
And I'm playing wonderful Willy Wonka.
Kind of.
You have a little...
You can be a Willy Wonka.
You kind of got a silly hat.
Don't make small talk with me.
There's news to read.
Okay.
Ooh, there's a comment.
JPEG case was resolute while being low resolution.
Can I talk to that guy?
I like his steady vibe.
He was just me, but still.
And it was an incredible improvement.
Everyone agrees.
You should consider trying it permanently.
While we try all sorts of things with the economy,
not me, but President Donald Trump, that is,
who's fired US labor officials over data
and he got an earlier than expected chance to reshape the Fed.
I don't really care about money.
You don't?
Do you use it at all?
No, I've sort of...
I sing for my supper.
And I thought your brother is the one who sings.
Yes, but I'm more of a...
I'm more of a starving artist in the sense that I sing for food.
I pay you money, though.
Yeah, I sing for it.
You've never sang before here.
There's more comments.
The computer eats wires all the time.
Why do you think his fur is always spiky?
We'll be going amongst the web later as well.
Why do you think his fur is always spiky?
Because of the various goos that he rolls in.
Some of them might be holding gels from a...
Hair factory?
A hair factory?
What do you think that is?
A place where they produce hair products.
Don't get all pedantic with me.
Shepherd's pies in the oven.
Congratulations, Melody on Torture.
Cooking an actual meal?
My God.
I didn't know people could do that anymore.
How old are you supposed to be?
Not old case.
Wise.
And in my wisdom, I'm ready to tell you about what's going on with Trump firing people because he doesn't like the numbers that they tell him.
President Donald Trump on Friday fired a top labor department official on the heels of a market shocking weak scorecard of the U.S....
It was a...
Sorry, it was a market shocking weak...
W.E.A.K.
Not just a scorecard of the weak, but also that a shocking weak scorecard of the U.S. job market accusing the woman he fired without evidence of manipulating the figures and adding to already growing concerns about the quality of economic data published by the federal government.
Do you still trust your government case?
When did I?
At what point did it seem like I did?
I don't trust a man who doesn't prove that he's got a sense of whimsy by wearing a fish tie.
Well, where's your fish tie?
Well, you hid them when we all came in.
You think that I'm some kind of government dweeb?
Well, would a government dweeb have a fish tie?
Ask yourself that, everyone.
And would he be able to put it on that quickly?
That's for me.
That's for me putting on the fish tie.
Giving yourself a graphic.
Oh, you put yours on too. I put mine on even faster than you.
And you didn't cut to me because you're being selfish.
Why is everybody got to teach me a lesson all the time?
Because there's much for you to learn, young man.
Again, you said you're younger than me.
Yes, but not in spirit.
Anyway, he fired a lady because he didn't like the number she said.
In a second surprise economic policy development, the door for Trump to take an imprint on a federal reserve with which he clung to the government.
And the federal reserve with which he clashes almost daily for not lowering interest rates opened much earlier than anticipated when federal governor Adriana Kugler unexpectedly announced her resignation on Friday afternoon.
Fed governor Adriana Kugler.
Damn, I am not as tuned into the shape of our government as I'd like to be because I don't know what that even what that job even is exactly.
Fed governor, what do you mean?
The two developments further rattled a stock market already freeling from its latest barrage of tariff announcements and the weak jobs data.
The benchmark S&P 500 index sank 1.6 in its largest daily drop in more than two months.
Trump accused Erica, Mick and Taffer, appointed by President Joe Biden, of faking jobs numbers.
Criminally underrated. I believe that Valerie Howler was talking about the federal governor.
You mean that job? It's a criminally underrated federal role that doesn't get the respect it deserves.
Now we won't know labor stats because they made Trump feel sad.
This is a crazy move to just fire the person who told you the numbers just because you don't like number.
Especially for, I mean, it's already notoriously difficult to read economic data.
I think the last election was kind of proof positive of how like positive economic data does not necessarily reach actual regular citizens who had extremely bad feelings about the economy despite the Biden administration telling us it was very good.
Well, the numbers said probably good.
So he could weasel out of this one and making such a big deal out of it almost makes it way more suspect.
But that's Trump's favorite thing to do lately. I don't even know what you're talking about. I don't really follow the news.
Anyway, Erica Mick and Taffer appointed by former President Joe Biden.
They accused her of faking the job numbers.
There is no evidence to back Trump's claim of data manipulation, according to Reuters, which we're reading, by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
They're the ones that out there saying can't have it manipulate the numbers.
The statistical agency that compiles the closely watched employment report as well as consumer and producer price data.
A representative for the BLS did not respond to a request for comment.
But I'll comment. Money is fake.
How is that helpful here? Don't even worry about any of this.
Money is a shackle, an invisible one, except when it's physical money.
Then it's a little paper shackle, but not around your neck.
In your pocket. Think about it.
You're just saying there's money. It's a shackle. It's a go shackle.
But sometimes physical.
Okay, you're saying money binds you.
Not literally, though, but also literally.
So don't even release yourself from this burden.
It's just it's the social agreement that large sections of society run on you.
Even if you disagree with you can't kind of exist without it. Unfortunately.
That's where you're wrong.
All I had was a small loan from my dad and I've spent years not having a job.
You mean you inherited money from your dad just a couple bits of it.
Follow your bliss. You can follow your bliss because you inherited money.
My jobs. No, I don't believe in I'm saying I don't believe in these jobs.
Numbers either way could be good could be bad either way. It's an illusion.
In other MVT news, I'm like halfway.
Mel even torture news that is I'm like halfway through Ultima one and playing 20 to 30 minutes before work
because I've been waking up too early this week.
Ultima one.
I need to refresh my brain.
Oh my God.
You're playing a classic.
Ultima one the first age of darkness.
That's a title I can get behind.
Pluming the mental depths challenging you.
What is Ultima? What is darkness and what is age?
I don't love the last question given the current cultural and political climate.
You're afraid to ask the hard questions.
Maybe it's not that question.
Ultima four is free on Gog.
You know what Gog is on Gog.
All right.
Okay. So, you know, he had some bad economic.
The stock market's doing the ups and downs.
I do feel like there's been I've heard some people talking recently about how they're surprised that the
tariffs haven't like everybody's freaking out at the terrorist taking the economy and they haven't.
That seems to be kind of a conservative talking point lately.
Obviously they announced like a new slate of terrorists.
Obviously.
Well, they've been like constantly turning tariffs on and off and it seems to be ratcheting the stock market up and down.
They've been doing it so consistently now for what like the last seven or eight months that it.
I don't feel like it's a it's a Trump strategy but I don't know.
Maybe it's like it feels like it's some kind of like pump and dump scheme to me or something.
At this point, you know, they've spiked the stock market up and down like five or six times in a news worthy way.
And I'm assuming whenever you do that by announcing tariffs and you know these predictable results that they have certain
interested parties could probably sell and buy based on these now somewhat predictable metrics of crazy sweeping
tariff announcements followed by inevitable rollbacks and side deals for certain companies and major products.
So it's a you know part for the course it feels very seedy and confused and poorly managed.
Trump is inside a trading and gets immunity.
Is that like a spell that he cast on himself?
More or less.
It's definitely pumping dump.
The only reason I'm reluctant to say it's pumping dump is it just feels so like everything about how they've done handled all of just how they've handled everything feels so slapdash that giving it some kind of actual fiscal logic feels like I might be giving the Trump administration too much credit.
But even if they're not doing it intentionally at this point, you know, people involved in the stock market could certainly sell shit off and then buy it back, I guess.
Or buy shit low and sell you know the classic stock market thing very smart the classic stock stuff.
Yeah, where you do the blood where the selling happens low or high, but the buying happens low, low. Right.
Carking says I'm still waiting for September to September.
Oh boy, my brain is trained to read that word a certain way.
Still waiting for September and October.
I need to thank everybody for the subs.
Sorry, I forgot because I reset the stream.
That's what all the folks who bought the first dip are going to jump out of the market to avoid capital gains tax.
Interesting.
Yeah, maybe that sounds very logical.
It's been a it all feel everything he's doing feels so insane and again poorly done.
But yeah, I guess if you were just more willing to ride the waves you could actually probably make some money off this.
It seems like it's destabilizing some fundamental aspects of the US economy and government.
So I worry that it won't just be like a fun financial scheme past a certain point.
But we'll see.
Wake me up when September ends.
Trump is complaining about Republicans trying to go after his stock trading.
Well, yeah, we do we talk about that?
We might have not talked about that.
They also introduced legislation and I think maybe you're going to pass it to limit the people like congressmen, senators, presidents from trading stocks or getting too involved in trusts.
So I think they literally baked in an exemption for Trump, though it wouldn't take effect till 2029.
So I assume he doesn't run again.
It wouldn't even necessarily affect him.
But yeah, he's unhappy about it.
I don't know if that's on principle or if that pretends certain plans he has.
I still am kind of and I'm sorry, I mean 2028 is when he would run.
I still kind of the opinion that he's too old.
Come on case.
You've got to believe that men in your age bracket can still accomplish things.
Trump is almost twice as old as me.
Notice how you have to say almost.
It's close.
It's close to twice as old.
They were trying to shame Pelosi and got Trump instead Pelosi probably made the very reasonable calculus that she already got her bag.
I already got my bag, baby.
I mean she's going to be she's old as hell and she already made hundreds of millions of dollars through insider trading must be real.
So she can get out of there golden parachute style and just close the door behind her a door that I'm happy to see closed.
Also, it won't be closed.
They'll find plenty of ways around this to still make money in government.
Okay, well, um, also Kamala Harris went on the Colbert rapport.
Ooh, the Colbert rapport.
Not that the slate show is Stephen Colbert.
Oh, is it a different show now?
Come on, DERF.
You got to watch TV.
I don't refuse.
I don't have one.
I only go to see wandering cavalcade caravans of performing circus people.
That's the only entertainment I get behind.
Wandering caravans of circus people.
Yes, I sometimes I follow them like an insane cross country tailgater just to witness the shows of almost maddened and unhinged wandering circus performers.
They'll show you things you didn't know were possible.
Okay, but anyway, the Kamala Harris was on the Colbert rapport.
The late show is Stephen Colbert.
Hmm.
Oh, he's got a whole friend.
He's got this job for life.
That's incredible.
You know, they just canceled the show.
It's going to end next May.
But he's getting the big gets like.
What's her name again?
Kamala Harris.
She ran for president.
Anyway, let's see what she had to say.
I'm going to get this whole stream copyright struck real quick.
Let's check in with the.
Lateness report with Stephen Colbert.
Yeah, close enough.
You announced yesterday, you made an announcement that you're not running for the governor of California.
Correct.
Even though in early polling, you beat every other candidate by double digits.
You said you're going to set this one out.
Why are you sitting this now?
Are you saving yourself for a different office that might be?
No.
Oh, his audience likes it.
But honestly, people project on to their hopes and dreams.
No, I understand.
And honestly, that it's it's more perhaps basic than that.
I am listen, I am a devout public servant.
I have spent my entire career in service of the people.
The religion now is exciting.
And I thought a lot about running for governor.
I love my state.
I love California.
I think the way that I served is just elected district attorney, attorney general and senator.
But to be very candid with you, I, you know, I was a young young in my career.
I had to defend my decision to become a prosecutor with my family.
And one of.
I just like to take a moment to respect how candid all of this is coming off feels really candid.
And I'm glad she called that out.
The points that I made is why is it then when we think we want to improve a system or change it that we're always on the outside,
unbended knee or trying to break down the door?
Shouldn't we also be inside the system?
And that has been my career.
And recently I made the decision that I just for now, I don't want to go back in the system.
I think it's broken.
I think it's.
Wait, did that get a gasp?
Did the audience gasp at that?
I got to hear that again.
Turn it up.
Turn up my headphones.
System.
I think it's broken.
I think it's there's a whole night.
I mean, there's that sounds like they played like gasp.wav.
Is that is that what?
Who is this audience?
Is it literally like a bunch of octogenarians holding pearls?
That's insane.
Well, she's a rebel now.
You're going to slowly a cigarette's going to rise out of her pantsuit and float over here
and then go straight into the mouth.
And then the eight bit sunglasses are coming down.
It's going to straight up play some Snoop Dogg.
So many good people who are public servants, who do such good work,
teachers and firefighters and police officers and nurses and scientists,
scientists.
And so it's not about.
Don't don't worry.
I can do that too.
Scientists.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm not afraid to say it.
Sometimes you got to spit the truth.
Don't you dare boo me.
Don't you dare.
Oh, come on.
Scientists guys.
You can't win here either.
You're laughing or booing at scientists.
Oh, no, they've gone to anti science in the chat.
They're all over the place.
You don't know how to feel chat.
What the hell this thing isn't working again.
No.
Why isn't I guess I didn't fix this as well as I thought I did.
Sorry, everyone.
I can't just roll into this and hit that button.
I guess.
Okay.
Timer, please.
Why is this off?
Okay, okay, we're going to figure out why this is happening.
Once I'm back in town, because believe it or not, this timer,
this particular graphic isn't supposed to run for three minutes straight.
It's science is hovering right in the middle.
There's a couple of people that are really against it in our non existent studio audience.
There's a few real anti science heads out there.
What can you do?
But again, is laughing at it any better?
Why are they booing?
It says low here.
Now they're just quiet again.
It has to pass the third.
Oh, see now they're giggling at science.
I shouldn't do some secret commands.
Okay.
Science is decent, everybody.
Decent.
What was the point of that?
Sorry, we're watching a Kamala Harris clip.
We got distracted.
Anyway, I support science personally.
You didn't get a cheer that time.
It was the second time I said it, so people aren't as into it.
Anyway, let's see what else she has to say.
Them, but you know, I believe, and I always believed that as fragile as our democracy is,
our systems would be strong enough to defend our most fundamental principles.
Why is everybody spamming that?
And I think that we're all that, um...
Why is everybody spamming Chet Guy?
They're not as strong as they...
The sky inside.
The sky inside.
Oh hell yes.
Well, one second.
There's a little bit of radiation left over in the room.
Just one moment, please.
Can you fix that real quick for me?
Chet Guy?
Um...
Again, I am just a chatbot.
I don't know if I'm actually capable of resolving issues with...
Vote now.
Any radiation that may be in the room.
And yet talking did it.
There's a sky and a pole happening right now.
Sky and sex summation point is the question to your options are stripperology,
nice, boo, rules, and why not.
It's either an opinion poll or a type of sky and a pole.
Either way.
Looks like the winner might be on a pole.
Nobody's gonna hit the boo graphic because it doesn't work.
This is totally broken.
I've got to get a note that is totally broken.
That I can't... I can't hit the button.
The way the winner was stripperology.
So, what do you do?
I don't know what they're talking about.
They're throwing the words, guys, all around.
I heard... I was listening to the first lady speak.
So, uh...
It's the former president of Canada, the Democratic Party, not the first lady.
She's the first lady of my political heart is what I mean.
The last one I want to reduce her to a ceremony with all she deserves.
Why are you back talking to me?
Sorry, I was just trying to inform you about certain facts.
Oh my God, I'm here to do sky and...
This is the problem with discussing politics on a sky and a typhoon channel is...
You just create all sorts of negative energy that I just don't need to deal with.
But I'll tell you what.
Let's see if you think that I may be some kind of fake feminized.
I'm here to talk about the ladies today, specifically some of the new sky and typhoon findings behind how their bodies work.
And I feel like I'm qualified to talk about this because I've seen women's bodies before.
So, let's get into it.
Armpit B.O. can sometimes be relaxing for men and sexually not weird to like how it smells.
It's good.
So maybe everybody shut up?
Okay.
Oh, I should read the...
I guess I'll read some of the article to back up my claim.
This is a claim I personally have made for a really long time and sky and typhoon is finally catching up to my extremely advanced thoughts and feelings.
Okay, there we go.
I was also looking for a picture of an armpit and I found one.
It wasn't even hard.
Boom.
Women's armpit B.O. can sometimes be relaxing for men and it's not just loving the air.
It's actually the stink of a lady.
That's not stink because it's from a lady.
In a shocking new study out of Japan, Sky and Tis, one of my favorite places for women's body scions,
Sky and Tis had men smell women's armpits and discovered that their body odor could subtly sway male behavior.
You're telling me.
Even helping them relax.
But the effect only kicked in at certain times of the month and the men found the scent more appealing
and the women's faces suddenly looked a whole lot cuter to the guys doing the sniffing.
You don't have to tell me.
Previous research has shown that women's body odor changes throughout the menstrual cycle
with men often finding it more appealing around ovulite ovulation when fertility peaks.
But the chemical cocktail responsible for turning sweat into a subtle signal has remained a mystery.
Until now.
This is the exciting part.
They've discovered the secret to bottling the delicious smells of a lady's parts.
Okay.
I will absolutely try to sky and this if assuming that is for sale.
Using high tech technical chemical and nail assist researchers at the University of Tokyo pinpointed three body odor compounds
that fluctuate throughout the menstrual cycle and spike during ovulation.
When those compounds were added to armpit sweat samples taken from women men consistently rated the scent as more pleasing
and the matching faces as more attractive and feminine.
Did they derive the term ovulation from eggs that are oval shaped?
Yes, that's a scantific fact card king.
So look the next time you think a lady stinks good and then you think she's sexy.
Well bad news.
She might be actually an awful person and destroy your life.
But we we are slaves to our biology and I can't help it.
If I still like the way my ex wife smells.
That's literally baked into my DNA and it's crazy to use me saying that against me in court.
Okay.
Okay.
Anyway, that's your little bit of scantific update for the day.
I feel great that I've been backed up once again by the literal foundations of reality here that we're covering more of them every day.
And this was just a small drop in the bucket but a bucket that smells great because it's full of women's body odor.
And we now send you two different thing where two guys yell at each other because that is all the scents that I have been allotted
and the back to a different segment we go to now by
Trying to see where these firecrushers fire comes from God damn is the devil possessing.
Are you what's that?
What are you whining about today?
You take over Chet's body.
Are you in Chet's body right now?
Sometimes my presence sort of auto possesses people because I'm the fucking devil as always as always.
You've only been here a couple of weeks or two and today I might finally banish you by best in you in this best out of five.
The fact that we've taken this to almost a full series is insane.
I've been advocating for me losing which is incredibly rare.
Why did you attach all my body parts except my penis?
Because I couldn't-
The gorilla didn't even hit me there and it's missing.
What did you do with my penis, munch?
I couldn't find it.
Was the thing I was trying to say the whole time you were just rambling there crumb?
My God, this husk is the worst.
Why not just let him be dead for a while?
Did you miss him that much?
Are you that pathetic?
Inquiring minds want to know.
It's nothing pathetic about flying to the bayou to resurrect your friend that you're legally culpable in the work accident of.
In fact, I'd say that makes me a go-getter.
Today, what are we debating?
What are we debating?
Can you just be a little less close to me?
Yeah, that's better.
Oh, no, not closer to me.
No, don't get- oh.
You brought him closer to me.
Yeah, deal with that.
Can you at least scoot back just a little?
That's better.
Just a little further back, please.
I mean, I literally-
You use that word too much.
I understand the foundations of reality so I can use the word literally all I want.
I literally live in hell and he smells worse than that.
I mean, I'm mean to this guy, but that's very-
You're just being very rude.
You're very rude.
Devil Backward says lived, casable, hybrid.
Devil Backward is lived, so how evil could you be?
All sorts of words backwards.
Words backwards have different meanings.
That's not how language works, okay?
Can I still say inappropriate things?
I think you do all the time?
Give me back my slim gym.
The fact that's what you named it really answers your question, Crumb, as to why I couldn't locate it.
Okay, you were hit with a force of like 10 dump trucks.
I had no idea Kevin Pereira sold his soul to the devil.
That explains his eternal youth.
That's actually kind of sweet in a way, if you think about it.
What are we debating today?
I don't have time for your nonsense, the devil.
I'm actually a busy guy-
Much loves me so much she took me penis.
First of all, learn to say my.
You sound like a crazy pirate corpse.
Me penis?
Is that pirate talk?
Can you not question me on everything?
I'm the devil.
Let me just see what we're debating today.
Goddamn, so hard to get a word in with this rambling maniac, two of them next to me.
You imagine just saying-
Hey devil, run me, Ray, I'll quick-run me before you send me back to Bologna.
I don't know what you said because you say words dumb.
See, I'm not being mean on this constructive criticism.
Much stole my penis and put it up his ass.
Well, yeah, I guess if I sat on it, I probably wouldn't notice.
Basically like suck an air into your asshole just happens sometimes.
That's how non-existent and small it is, Crumb.
Boom.
Perfect defense.
Really, you showed him.
Our debate today is pasta in a bowl or on a plate.
Oh man.
I will have my revenge.
I'm coming for you, Gorilla, DJ, and Munch I know, and you're next.
Which one of us is next?
Who are you even attacking in that statement, Crumb?
You listed too many names.
Devil, you better get back down here.
The hype train is about to start his strict show and him running out of ones.
Oh, really?
Oh, that's a- I-
I don't- can we hurry up?
I don't want to miss the hype train strip show.
Is that a thing? Is that really a thing?
Oh, it's a thing.
Um, what was it again?
Pasta in a bowl or on a plate?
I just- I'm blown away by this because I didn't realize people actually ate pasta in a bowl.
Respect yourself, okay?
We're adults who can control the flow of sauce around a not even entirely flat surface.
That's why plates are curved up at the end.
You don't like pasta in a- you're really gonna make that a point?
I mean, obviously, it's not the glaciest way to eat any meal.
A plate is sort of the classic elevated way to eat something, which is very important.
Hype train show for Cleveland when he strips?
Oh, he does.
So I have to defend the bowl?
I would advise you personally, Munch, to probably take the bowl.
It's easier.
Your sound- your argument against it is already sort of divisive and unpleasant.
I would really like to be done with this so I can stop coming up here.
I will go with the side of the munch- the munchjoles, which are munch angels.
I was floating that as a thing they call chat, but I think I'll stick with the wolves.
Look, the wolves howl at the plates, okay?
They don't howl at the bowls.
Because the moon looks like a plate if you think about it.
What? Anyway, if we have a mind that can make that pole, it's actually-
I'm on the side of plate and the devil, who's a fucking- who's the fucking devil for the record-
Yes?
Is on the side of a- of a bowl. The moon looks like a bowl?
Well, it's- how would you tell?
It's also full of little bowls if you think about it.
Because it's got a bunch of craters.
It'd be a terrible bowl. It's also- it's a- it's a sphere.
Right?
It's a sphere?
You trying to advocate for flat earth theory right now?
No, flat moon theory.
I want to see if I can get that going.
Because flat earth theory was actually quite easy to get off the ground.
I just was like, what if the earth was flat?
And they believe me for thousands of years and some people still do.
Isn't that crazy?
So what if the moon is it? Looks flat, doesn't it?
Looks very flat up there.
You know it doesn't look flat unless you're looking at it from an extremely specific angle.
It's a bowl!
And anyway, they're good.
You can dump a bunch of pasta in it and way too much sauce.
You can slap it around in there and it- it's less likely to fly up.
You're less likely to fling pasta all over the place.
Eat it- yes, eat it like a dog.
You disgusting little doggies.
Eat it on the floor without hands.
Dump your fetid human faces into it.
Mash at these disgusting pieces of gluten that you scraped together
from the wheat that you love so much.
And eat your pasta like an animal.
Really though, it's not- it's a perfectly valid way to eat pasta.
A plate is for a person.
A bowl is for a dog. There's never been a better way to put it.
I'm so anti-bowl that I fucking eat cereal off of a plate.
Who know you don't? Yes I do.
I'm committed so hard to the supremacy of plates.
Don't put it that way, bunch!
That I will dump milk onto a plate and I'll just be scooping it towards the middle
with a couple flakes of cereal.
So if I can do that for cereal, then you can goddamn well do that for pasta.
I don't care how runny your marinara is.
And if it's that runny, it's because you're making it wrong.
You gotta thicken up the fucking marinara.
Which I'm assuming you're making yourself or your grandma is
in her classic Italian kitchen.
Like a real American.
Well if it's classic in Italian, I was a real-
The most American thing is an Asian grandma making her own marinara
in an Italian kitchen.
And this is just a fact!
And frankly I'm tired of the devil being here contradicting every goddamn thing I say.
Even Crumb shut the fuck up about this one because he knows I'm right.
Goddamn!
Disgusting.
A fandub is when fans create their own version of a movie or TV show
by recording new voices for the characters.
They may alter the dialogue or storyline to differentiate it from the original.
Fans make fandubs to provide voiceovers for shows or movies
that lack them or when they dislike the official voiceover.
Some fandubs create humorous versions known as
a bridged series and fun dubs.
Okay are you done?
I did know that Crumb.
Yeah we both knew that.
I will not do that backwards or forwards.
But I did win by looking straight forward at a motherfucking play.
Boom!
Dunzo motherfucker!
Oh thank god I really thought this was unlikely.
Because you are so fucking bad.
What 3 out of 5? You did it!
Against the odds of yourself.
Everything is stacked against you Munch because you're you.
So I really had to try to make this happen.
8 votes.
Do you imagine winning by a margin that big?
Not 1 vote, not 2 votes, 8 whole fucking votes.
I crushed this shit.
That's tiny.
It was tiny.
The wolves understand that 8, depending on the unit of measurement
you put after it and the type of body part it is, very big.
But anyway, I'm very fine with this.
I was on the quit trying to make it seem like you're okay with this the devil.
I know that you're broken up about this.
You're frustrating, you feel like you tried to shepherd humanity into some kind of terrible fate
where you rule us at all times, but actually sorry.
The warden of the prison is me, not you.
So he's got to accept it.
Oh jeez, yes you got me.
Yes, everything that's happening here is good for you.
So really keep at it.
Keep at it.
Young man.
Young man.
Young at heart?
Probably almost as old as you.
I'm ageless.
I'm fundamentally ageless.
Do I need to explain my convoluted being to you once again?
No you don't.
It's actually quite simple if you think, no my god, shut the fuck up.
What do I get?
Can you bring him back?
Can you just make this shit happen already?
I fucking did it.
So, alright very well let's do this thing.
Um, buy the ancient tax.
From beyond the veil I summon the power to release this man.
No!
There you go.
What the fuck, what did that do for me?
The fuck is this?
It's the power to release the crown.
Okay.
It's very low res, is that intentional?
Because I'm slightly unimpressed.
Oh, what the fuck?
Hey get up.
Ow!
Plus one what?
The graphic was way too close to my face.
I couldn't even read it.
You'll know to use it when you approach the wall.
I can't just get him out of there myself.
You have to go on a, you know, perseus style expedition or whatever.
I feel like someone has made me eat a whole like,
I feel like someone has made me like six McDonald's fish sandwiches.
That's the key sort of rooting itself into your soul.
Can I leave?
I'm really tired of having this hairline.
This is insane.
Can you, can you just push it down?
If you're gonna wear a wig just wear it lower man.
What wall am I supposed to use this on?
You'll know it when you see it.
Just pay attention to the stream.
They've discussed it multiple times.
We're talking about just ass case.
It's a whole thing.
I think he's been working on it.
Just use the key when you get to the end.
What do you mean?
It's not a riddle.
Okay.
Use it in the wall thing that's coming up.
I don't know what I'm supposed to do with this.
Tell me how to use it.
Use it at the end of the wall thing as a special item.
I can't hear you to echo.
We I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Oh my God.
I'm not coming back.
That's a wrap on the devil.
I'm out of here.
Roll the credits.
I will do what I want.
Maybe I want to hang out for a minute in my victory over the God damn devil.
I'll give me back me penis.
Can you stop begging for your fucking penis?
If you love your penis so much, why don't you suck it?
Why'd you say it like you sucked it?
Please get me out of here.
Hulk Hogan keeps bugging me about all his brothers.
Yeah, but he did that in life too.
Oh he did?
They know each other?
It smells like women's under arms in here dune.
You mean it smells good depending on the lady?
Oh I like the smell of all.
Dumbass you wish.
Do I just hear the hate suck?
Because that is a powerful cosmic being.
And Popeye the leather daddy.
I married a southern baddie.
You stole my beef jerky.
You grained crazy turkey.
And Popeye the leather daddy.
What kind of identity have you tried to assume lately much?
I mean Crump.
Oh my God, you just called him your name.
It's easy to do.
Come on even Olive Garden serves in bowls.
Of course you would be on the side of bowls.
But you know what?
You let the devil do the talking for you Crump.
The devil went down to George up.
A munch went down on George.
That's pretty good.
That one was pretty good.
You've got to give him that.
Do I?
Do I have to give him that?
Because I don't feel like I do.
This graphic is broken.
Can we please not right now?
You are a sick person.
Munch.
What did you even say?
You were talking over him.
You didn't respect the rules of give and take.
Well he doesn't.
He doesn't respect him at all.
Jesus.
You don't like his joke that much.
It was barely even.
I don't spaghetti a one.
Really?
This is a winning joke.
This is that good?
You cook these bowls like everything else.
See?
The walls and shadows.
No.
Pretty solid.
Look comedy is subjective but not in all cases.
Not when there's a meter thing.
Someone needs to fix that graphic.
It's doing some strange things.
Yeah it's not exactly ideal.
Okay we got a lot of stuff still to do.
Segments to get two songs to apparently sing.
So that's all the time we have actually.
The devil is...
The devil's got to get out of here.
Why are you creating random explosions?
That wasn't me.
That wasn't me I swear.
Alright well look.
You ever seen a man beat the devil right in front of your eyes?
I actually did that.
Proving that I'm essentially more Christian than anyone.
Even though...
You know I essentially...
I'm so well traveled I have infinite religions.
Infinite theologies.
Round and round in my head and I'm actually very learned and smart.
Which is just the note I wanted to leave you on.
But basically I could beat the devil in any form that he's in and I easily did.
And you know you saw basically it's incredible the walls and shadows.
We'll see you soon. Bye bye.
It's a certain denizen of the wall that case was so impressed by.
But actual cosmic beings are pending out keys to.
It was unclear what the key was for.
Who'd even know?
I know the wall he's talking about.
Because I live inside the walls actually.
It's a very powerful metaphysical statement if you think about it.
Yeah I thought about it.
I think you just squat in my wall Peter.
You don't just have to show up because they bring up your lore.
Okay?
My what?
My lore or my war?
Against the foundations of reality.
Which I undermine every day by existing in a state.
Some find impossible.
Existing between walls.
You're just squatting in a crawl space.
Peter.
Yeah that's all that's going on in there.
Do you want to watch internet videos?
That's why I'm here.
I'm here to have fun.
I'm here to have fun with my pale.
You ready to have fun pale?
Who's making the dumber face?
Me or you?
You!
You look...
What do I look like?
You look...
I mean I don't even need to say it.
Don't have something nice to say?
Then tell me something else because I want to hear you talk.
Ugh.
Okay.
We are behind as always.
We're always against the clock here Peter.
And you're never helping.
Well one of my told you time is an illusion in your mind.
That doesn't exist between the walls.
Never mind.
Let's see what we've got today.
Is this one we've seen before?
Hmm.
This might be your returning character I'm not sure.
Regardless.
It's video time.
That was a big hit with the lads behind her.
Wow.
You know Gina, a darling can eat fire.
I think she can spit fire or something.
Is it the same thing?
Well my question is can she do that?
Does it s-word?
Does it shit would be kind of closer to what happened there?
Don't act like you're not impressed, Case.
I'm impressed.
Just don't try to call out Gina to make her fart fire.
Equally valid question.
Can Case do that?
Ah no I can't.
I can't eat or fart fire.
Well probably closer to farting fire unfortunately.
Just ask Kendall.
Don't hit the button.
9.17 that's a strong start.
Is this Tom Green?
Is this Tom Green learning some sort of martial art?
Let's find out.
Run it back.
And one more.
What was supposed to be happening there?
Is this part of a longer- is that training?
Is that what was supposed to happen?
A weeb test.
That makes sense.
Hmm.
Katana Katana Katana.
If you can't take that kind of training are you even committed to the sword?
While you were busy studying, I was getting smashed in the head by my sensei.
Don't we all want to do that to Tom Green?
Hey I'm a Tom Green fan.
Freddie got his skull split.
Uh, okay.
Just keep it rolling.
A lot of videos to get to.
It's so quiet.
Over 30,000 videos specializing in rare and hard to find cyborgs.
All life, stars and downcasts.
Four movies, four days.
Oh the name of the- okay.
Nicolet Village Video, 16th and Nicolet South Minneapolis.
Am I being racist if I- I'll just put it this way.
I didn't hear the word Nicole in there.
I don't know what you're talking about Peter.
It'd be fine if it was called what I heard.
But is it called what I think I heard?
Uh, it's- it's- there's two C's in there.
Okay.
Yeah.
What'd you hear?
Nothing.
Okay.
I'm definitely not saying it out loud.
I'm- look it was a video store.
That's how I would- it looked like a perfectly fine video store.
Yeah, great video store.
It's uh, it's the N- it's the N word store.
What?
No Peter, that's even worse.
Just try to say the name of the store.
Well it's a- it's a word that starts with N.
Did I do a bad?
Yes, that's way worse.
No, but I don't mean that N word.
There's many words that start with N.
It's the Nicole et video store.
That's what- and I was saying the same thing.
I- you know what Peter, we're just gonna move on.
We're gonna move right on.
Jesus.
This is why you need to stay in the wall actually.
That's fine by me.
You giving me permission to live in the wall forever?
No, I'm gonna root you out of the wall.
I'm gonna send Munch in there with his new Hell powers
and he's gonna get you out.
Good luck.
Honestly, good luck.
Yeah, I'd be happy to have- maybe that'll be-
maybe that can happen at the end of this wall thing.
This kennel shows up in Fires Peter.
What?
What happened?
Is that how you're supposed to find those?
Is that a good way to get those?
How else would you get them, Kay?
Just seems like bashing rocks with a hammer might break some of the fossil?
But I guess not.
She ain't fine.
I guess you can just smash up rocks with a hammer,
looking for fossils.
Those poor rocks.
I mean, hey, he's found way more fossils than I ever have
because he found at least one in that video.
Yeah, that is a Pokemon.
He actually got that Pokemon that you had to go through
the whole Red Rocket Army thing to get in the first game.
And then you get the fossil one.
A fossil hunter.
Hey, Kendall's here.
I don't know if she'll appear, though.
You might hide your stuff, camera.
Oh, she's doing the laundry.
The laundry's actually down here in the web.
Kendall, let me tell you about a girl in Kendall.
Got a vibe so wild, man.
Kendall says she's too busy to come over here.
She's crazy, bi-sized in this party.
That's the only reason.
She's also just not wearing pants.
Well, she's doing laundry.
Peter, don't look over there, okay?
I'll do what I want.
Stop having so many arms.
Kendall needs to can my ass.
What?
They want you to fire me.
Yeah, Kendall, if you feel like firing Peter at any point,
you totally can.
Just so you know, you have that power.
No, don't.
Kendall, I've done nothing.
I've done nothing.
You've been weird for a long time.
That's not a crime in this nation to be odd,
to be an original, to be an explorer of tight spaces.
Chad is begging for your immediate termination.
Well, then who would you get for instead of me?
Rippin' little Justin Bieber guy.
Uh, yeah, anybody else?
Oh, how long have I worked with this network
to be treated like this?
Oh my God, are you even crying,
or is your face just letting whatever's going on
under your skin out?
I put a couple late submissions in the chat.
Forgot to post them earlier.
Oh, we'll scroll down for a second then.
We'll reverse the progress.
We'll watch one of these recent posts.
Andibles?
Okay, let's see what we got.
We got some animal time.
This is the kind of wholesomeness we needed to combat you.
You've got a friend in me.
You've got a friend in me.
When the road looks rough ahead
in your miles and miles
for your nice warm bed.
Yeah.
You just remember what you're passing.
For you've got a friend in me.
Yeah, you've got a friend in me.
The dog hates the cat.
Look how smiley he is.
It's heartwarming.
You're not understanding.
You don't understand.
Right away.
Okay.
The last one is your favorite.
Okay, we can do that one as well.
Do that one and two more,
and then we'll move along for the day.
Because it's the weekend, y'all.
And I got to spend an hour sitting here
while those other two people write a song.
Oh!
Don't worry, it makes sense.
Is there a zero in there?
A five.
Damn.
It's a jettestorm between fives and tens.
Maybe they think they can only vote in five.
Maybe we're into five.
Maybe.
Man.
Got to get Kendall here to fire everyone.
Okay, that's still our top scorer of the day, I think.
Well, if you didn't like that,
then brace yourself for something that looks similar.
It's a...
I know it feels when your graphics don't work, right, Case?
No.
It's not cute when my graphics don't work.
So you're totally wrong, Peter.
Yeah, they did...
That cat's life has been cut two pieces.
It's at its last resort.
Oh, okay.
Seeing as we had that slanderous song
at the top of the stream,
the secret song section of the stream
that happens before the stream
was slanderizing certain recently deceased
world-famous wrestlers, so...
So even the Scals will play whatever this video is.
It's like we had an 8.62 there.
Respectable.
But not our favorite animal video of the day.
You know, it's not all about scores, Peter.
You're just disagreeing with me to disagree with me.
Yeah, you're right. I am, Peter.
Oh, okay. Let's keep going with that.
I understand that he was a controversial figure,
but can you really hate the guy?
Yeah, yeah.
I think that's fair.
I think you're alive.
What do you hate about that?
What did you like about that?
The sense of humor.
It's like, you know, old Spice video,
10 years too late.
You know, what...
You can rate zero.
With this one, you can rate zero.
Chat, what did he do to you?
Hulk Hogan?
I mean, to us personally.
Disappointed us with his terrible behavior.
This is the sort of thing people have to deal with nowadays,
is their characters just get assassinated
over things they say.
Yeah, things you say publicly can affect you.
So unfair.
He called me brother.
Yeah, I don't like it when he called me brother.
I'm not related to him.
Let's end with a submission from Live and Sleazy.
Meaning it could be incredible,
or we could intentionally end on a terrible one.
It depends.
It's all up to the whims of Live and Sleazy
in this particular video. Let's find out.
Oh, it's a compilation perfect.
Alright, let's see that one more time.
Try the things covering it up.
It's a misuse of robotics.
You know you liked it.
I don't know. I don't like it when people thumb my bum.
It's a real problem with the rats.
They're always trying to climb in there.
I don't... Peter, you don't need to relate everything
back to the rats.
Well, you don't need to be so dismissive of the rats.
We're gonna end on that one, Chat.
We're ending on a positive note.
Forget what Peter said.
It's a problem with the... I'm just relating to you.
You know what? Relate to your wall, Peter.
I will.
And I'll be in there for a while.
Because you're going out of...
You're going on vacation next week or something.
Oh, yeah, that's a good time to bring that up.
As any I won't be streaming next week
because I will be on vacation.
Maybe we'll see how...
I'm going on vacation with a bunch of friends
from Chicago, so if for some reason
they want to stream, I'll bring my laptop
but most likely...
I will be off for the week
but we'll be back the Monday after next.
I get a vacation.
I tend to because I work freelance.
I can kind of just take it where I want.
I actually will still be working on various editing jobs
while I'm there.
But I won't be... I just won't be able to stream
because I won't have...
I'll be away from this huge studio.
Oh, yeah, it'd be impossible.
No way you could fake this.
Exactly.
That's all the time we have
Peter, you were here.
Oh, that's nice of you to say I was.
And I'll be here just hiding.
Hiding between the spaces.
But there's kind of infinite space if you think about it.
Okay, I need...
some futuristic cyberpunk music
because it's time for the extremely rare
and debatably dated and terrible segment
A.I. Rooney.
But we must...
we must respect the law of all segments
still being available.
The way this segment works is extremely simple.
I use the incredible transformative power
of artificial intelligence
to resurrect the still living Andy Rooney
from 60 Minutes.
To fill your ears with cantankerous complaints
so well-formatted,
I think it's from the original guy.
But to do that, I need complaints from all of you.
Let me see if I can find...
Yeah, I can go through my chat GPT records
to find the kind of stuff I asked before.
All right.
So anyway, here's how this works.
Just throw your complaints in the chat.
Skymer already gets it.
The people demand A.I. Rooney, though not that often.
I'm going to take that as a complaint.
So that's a complaint that's going into our proprietary
A.I. that happens to be powered by chat GPT.
I remember when the devil wasn't so entertaining.
There you go.
It used to be even more of a bummer.
Used to use the word literal even more often.
Okay, hot dogs come in packs of ten buns.
But...
are packs of eight.
Hot dogs come...
I'm sorry, this copy thing isn't letting me see your comment.
Anyway, I get what you mean.
Buns are packs of eight and hot dogs are two packs of ten
or the opposite.
Isn't Rooney dead?
I think he's alive, right?
Let's look that up, too.
Can you believe Salsa just being sauce, like any sauce.
It's insane how language works.
It's unfair.
Andy Rooney.
Oh, you're right.
He's super...
Never mind.
He passed away.
He's super dead.
Sorry to put it...
to put it less gently.
He passed away in 2011.
Hey, Rooney.
It's like the circus being at some segments every decade.
You got to try them just to remember why you walked past them.
Very well put.
Card game.
Back in my day, we didn't need a nerd scientist.
And we've already done the segment, so it's safe now.
To tell us to huff women's underarms.
Really.
Isn't it weird Andy Rooney's still alive?
Technically, because I was spreading misinformation,
I'm going to just include that.
I want hot dogs, but not hot dogs.
Oh, more dogs, but not hot dogs.
Sorry.
I think we might be good.
Can the devil bring him back?
Possibly.
Skirts are too airy.
Yeah, absolutely.
You know what?
We're good.
Remember land parties?
It's going in.
It's going in.
Submissions are closed.
Rooney's submissions are now closed.
We're generating his powerful monologue.
Damn it.
Remember flan parties?
I wish I'd gotten that in in time.
Why is it making this so long?
Holy shit.
Okay.
Right.
I think I've got this locked and loaded, guys.
I'm powering up the servers.
I'm draining a lake to cool Andy Rooney down.
I just have to drain one to two lakes to make this work.
And that's the price of progress.
Not just an incredible magic card, but a fact of life.
All right.
It's time for the segment that they said we were scared to do.
Well, we weren't.
I refuse to be afraid.
Can I find...
Fortunately, I do have to find the right robot.
There he is.
Okay.
We're good to go.
It's time for Andy Rooney.
Yeah, the second thing I said.
There are a lot of know-nothing boobs who don't appreciate the modern art of being put out of other places in the whole city.
I know this is true because anyone of us know nothing about boobs.
You ever notice how once in a blue moon people start demanding a Aruni?
Not often.
Just enough to be annoying.
It's like bringing back the McRab.
You didn't really want it, but now that it's here, you kind of feel obligated to take a bite and wonder if nostalgia should have a flavor.
I remember when the devil wasn't so entertaining.
He used to be like a terrifying red face.
Horns fire the whole deal.
Now he's got a podcast and an Netflix special.
You tell kids to stay away from temptation, but they say he's verified on Instagram.
And let's talk about something truly unholy.
Hot dogs come in tax of 10, bun comes in tax of eight.
How long have we let this kid math crime go on punished?
Who's behind this fun industrial complex?
You're either left with extra meat or bread and a deep sense of betrayal.
Also, salsa just means sauce that's in sauce.
So now I have to love it or I'm gonna spaghetti can have salsa on it.
Why would you like something Alfredo salsa?
No, I won't Cheryl.
Back in my day we didn't need some dark scientists to tell us
how to tough women's underarms for phenomenal health
and fair mental health.
We just caught up being weird at a bus stop
and moved on with our life science didn't need to be involved in everything.
If it smelled good you said thank you and kept your distance.
And isn't it weird that I'm still alive?
People ask me, Andy are you still kicking?
And I say, I don't kick anymore.
I grumble, I shuffle
and sometimes I misplace my sandwich.
That's how I live now.
And I even got me signed on skirts to airy.
I wore one once, don't ask why
and I spent the whole day feeling like my dignity was dangling
in a wind tunnel. The breeze isn't your friend,
but it knows why you keep your secrets.
Remember land parties, you used to look at dust
and crack up the size of a microwave across out of playquake
in your friend's past basement.
There was sweat, mountain dew and the occasional smell of plastic.
And we liked it that way, no kids played gangs from that
but they had sat at a Wi-Fi password
that didn't even set up themselves.
Then where's the rest? Where's the black thing?
Unending running. And if you're waiting this, congratulations.
You're part of the problem and the solution.
I'm going to man something weird again
like catch a man in peaches, see what happens.
I thought it was pretty good.
Bye bye.
There's a lot of know nothing fools
who don't appreciate the modern art
of being put out there from the place you're known by.
I know this is true.
I'm one of those know nothing fools.
All right, you've made it to the secret producing center
where the music is, where most music is made turns out.
The shortest longest segment on the stream
or the stream that segment that's not that long
but feels longest.
I don't know, I don't know what our official title is.
Either way, we're making a song today.
And that song is
Mancini Smooth Sing Smooth Like Mayo.
Let me just make sure we got
Mancini Smooth on schedule to arrive.
Obviously, you know, I'm really well connected.
I can get big gets like Mancini Smooth, but
yeah, I see him.
Looks like we got eyes on him.
I think close enough.
You know, he's aged a little bit since he last song
so he might look slightly different.
But we can't help that kind of thing.
Yeah, I don't worry. I would never fool you.
It's him. It's him.
I mean, I work with big celebrities like Mancini Smooth
all the time.
So it's to me, it's hard to remember everybody
because I'm so well connected.
Speaking of which, I have one of the several ghosts
that works for this network is here.
And he actually takes care of the writing process for us.
He's a literal ghost writer.
I mean, because he's a ghost.
He's mostly just a writer,
but it'll send it to him now so that he can
set Mancini Smooth up with smooth like Mayo.
Sorry.
Sometimes I, like I said, I have trouble formatting my voice
for the mortal plane.
Because I don't have vocal cords,
I have to kind of imagine myself talking.
It's confusing.
So Mancini Smooth, smooth like Mayo.
Is that like smooth like Jagger?
Just do a full parody song.
But smooth like Mayo.
How does smooth like Jagger sound?
Good stuff.
Yeah, look at this.
Remember this?
Let's just do this.
Let's keep it simple.
Was that a nude woman?
Which one's a wife guy?
Jagger?
Okay, sick.
Well, this is easy.
Let's just find the lyrics to smooth like Jagger
and change them.
Okay, let me pop open my lyrics real quick.
Gotta beat some smooth eggs to make that Mayo smooth.
I'll keep that in mind.
Those are the sort of real-world facts that we need
to kind of give the song a strong base.
You want to ground, you know, your artistic flourishes
and facts and life.
Like beating some eggs to make the Mayo smooth.
Okay.
So this will be a valuable lesson in writing
from a real pro like me, the ghost writer.
On how to write a sick parody song, weird ale style.
I'm pretty sure this is his exact process.
So it's easy.
It's easy for me.
Shoot for the stars if it feels right
and in for my heart if you feel like
can't take me away and make it okay.
I swear I'll behave.
You want to control sure we waited.
I put on a show now I make it.
You say I'm a kid, my ego is big.
I don't give a shit and it looks like this.
Say it with my tongue and I'll know you.
Kiss you till you're drunk and I'll show you.
You want the moves like Jagger?
I got the moves like Jagger.
I got the move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move.
It's like Jagger.
Okay.
Well, that's an easy starting place.
So this is where it starts.
This is the chorus, everyone.
That's an industry term for the part of the song
that happens a couple of times.
I just, you know, it's important that I cover the basics.
Add your mayo, exactly.
Gonna wax my balls.
It hurts, but I'll make your panties fall.
That rhymed scheme adds up, so that could go in.
Take me by the tongue because you're mayo.
Good on any sandwich.
I say so.
Good on sandwiches because I say so.
What type of, what are mayo brand's helmets?
Mayo brand's helmets.
Yeah, that's the big one, right?
Baconaze, Dukes.
Oh, yeah.
How do you even say Q, Q-pie?
Sorry, Q-pie, I guess.
Craft, blue plate.
Take me by the tongue because you're mayo.
Good on sandwiches because I say so.
I like to spread some mayo.
Wait.
Jagger.
Does any brand name his brand rhyme with Jagger?
I've got a mayo platter.
A full-on mayo platter.
It's only mayo.
It's a mayo platter.
Oh, yeah, mayo slather.
That might be better.
Mayo slather is probably better.
You know how you get a production producer credit on this particular song?
I love some mayo slather.
We'll keep this, a full-on mayo platter.
Spread.
Spread on some mayo slather.
Oh, but it's supposed to be smooth like mayo.
Well, that's the title of the song.
Miracle Whip is the way to go.
Yeah, but the title of the song is smooth like mayo.
So we're kind of anti-miracle whipping this.
Guys, great news.
Once the chorus is done, like half the song is done.
Don't let all these other lyrics confuse you.
Okay, here's the next one.
Chorus 2.
Okay, where's the last chorus?
I don't even try to control you.
Look into my eyes and I'll own you.
Oh, no, there's a secondary chorus.
What?
No.
No.
OOves like Jagger lyrics.
Was that in the first chorus, too?
No, there was.
There's just one. They didn't repeat it in the first chorus.
Or is this the bridge?
Let's find out.
Is that the first one, too?
Oh, it is in the first one.
Damn it.
We got to write a second part to this chorus.
That's horrible for us.
That's twice as much chorus writing.
Okay.
I don't even try to control you.
Look into my eyes and I'll own you with the moves like Jagger.
Nobody's ever made it through the whole song.
Yeah, I forgot that there was anything other than the one chorus that you hear once in like a reality TV show or like an iPhone commercial.
I don't even try to control you.
Put you in the fridge to not spoil you.
There you go. Easy.
They do love whistling. We got to make sure to whistle in this.
Look into my eyes and I'll own you.
Buy you in the store.
So I own you.
There you go.
Parody rated.
Okay, it wasn't as bad as I thought.
Dip into my fries.
That was good.
We can include that.
Okay, so finally we have this chorus taken care of.
Thank God that was almost a disaster.
Where's the other chorus?
There's the chorus.
Boom.
And then where's the last chorus?
How many times did they say the chorus the last time?
The same amount of times.
Thank God.
Now all we got to do is fill up these lyrics.
These complex emotional lyrics.
Like you shoot for the stars and it feels right.
Okay.
Stars right, heart like.
Need to rhyme with stars and right and like.
Fill up these lyrics.
Yeah, we got to get fill up on these.
Um, what's mayo related in rhymes with star or bar or car?
Close your eyes for a man I surprise.
It's kind of beautiful.
Your mayo does tricks.
That's good.
Tar tar.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
Tar tar.
Better than tar tar.
Oh, jar.
That was easy, right? That was right there.
We'll just be lazy.
Mayo feels right.
I empty the jar.
If you feel like, maybe just leave that in there.
You know, like a tartar sauce.
We're stretching it a little bit.
We're just pronouncing tartar sauce wrong.
I guess we could just spell it like, you know, tartar sauce.
This man is a good guy.
I guess we could just spell it like tartar sauce.
Does mayonnaise give you tartar?
Like, you're on your teeth?
Can we claim that?
Hopefully they don't stick with this AR rhyme scheme.
I'm going to still have them
and pronounce it like tartar.
Tartar.
Tartar.
Maybe that's the wrong lyric to start the whole song with,
but I say we stick with it.
Take mustard away.
It's mayo, okay?
Behave.
You want to control it.
You want to control sheboy, so we waited.
I put on a show.
Now I make it.
You say I'm a kid. My ego is big. I don't give a shit.
He's just trying to fuck.
We got to make this a little sexual.
You leave it out.
It'll taste like sauerkraut.
Okay.
Behave.
Man, I'm having so much trouble thinking of mayo-related words.
Mayo slave?
Mayo slave?
Yeah, it's too touchy.
Maybe the word slave is too touchy.
In the context of mannys.
Put it in a bowl.
Oil from an egg.
There we go.
Thank you. You saved us from staring at me thinking.
Take mustard away.
It's mayo, okay?
Oil from an egg.
Wait, this doesn't work.
What does this song sound like again?
Oh, no.
This is the wrong one.
Oh, no.
This is the wrong one.
That's the whole coconut.
Take mustard away.
It's mayo, okay?
Oil from an egg.
Put it in a bowl.
Open-faced roast beef shaved.
Put it in a bowl.
I'm elated.
Um...
Never put mayo on roast beef.
No.
Stuff it down your hole.
He's got to rhyme with bowl at some point, right?
Put it in a bowl. I'm elated.
I put on a show and now I make it.
Oh, yeah, show.
Well, put it in a hole.
I put on a show.
I'm gonna get away with that.
Put it in my hole.
And I'll eat it.
I'm popping the lid.
The jar cost go big.
I think I'll just leave. I don't give a shit.
I don't give a shit.
Now I ate it.
Oh, yeah, now I ate it is better.
This is probably...
If it's better, if it's Costco jars are big.
I don't give a shit.
Mayo smooth like this.
Kirkland jars?
I don't give a slit.
Costco jars are big.
Rub it on my slits.
Now, okay, I'm just gonna leave it.
You know, it's a parody song. We should change the lyrics.
You know what? Here's what we'll do.
It's on my mouth slits.
We'll split the difference between implying we're rubbing it on her.
Orphuses.
Um, baby, it's hard.
Why are there so many fricking
verse lyrics?
Baby, it's large.
And it feel like you're broken in scar.
Is that what the lyrics really are?
When you feel like you've broken a scar.
When you feel like you've broken a scar.
When you feel like you're broken in scar.
That makes more sense. What do I have?
Oh, and when you... okay, when you feel like.
I think it's what he said.
Broken in scar.
Oh, yeah, we got one of the scars there.
These are probably AI summary lyrics.
So they're also probably wrong.
Baby, it's large.
If the jar breaks.
If the jar breaks, you'll smash me to shards.
There's light mayo.
And then that was the other one.
I don't need light.
Oh wait, that's in the lyrics.
So he pauses there, right?
But when you're with me, okay.
Baby, it's large.
If the jar breaks, you'll smash me to shards.
I don't need light. I want it full fat.
We break their own lines.
Ryan's came here.
I want it full fat.
Wait, what's the original?
When you're with me, key.
Okay, so me and key.
So if I change this to I want it full fat.
Then I just have to change this to some kind of rhyme with fat.
Full fat is a great twitch username.
It's on the table.
What is the rhyme scheme here?
I'll make you also get in the car.
Wherever you want.
Okay, so he just doesn't rhyme with cart.
Skymer, thank you so much.
You know, we'll thank people at the end of this too.
Because I don't think we thank people all stream for the subs.
Sorry for that.
Wait, what are mayo ingredients?
Egg yolks.
An acid like vinegar or lemon juice.
And oil.
I want it full fat.
Because I'm spoiled.
Um...
Yeah, it's pretty simple.
Fat, rat, sat.
I want it full fat because I'm spoiled.
How do they say that? God, I'm forgetting this immediately.
Baby, it's large.
Baby, it's large.
If the jar breaks, you'll smash me to shards.
I don't need light.
I want it full fat.
Because...
Wait, that's not how it goes.
Broken, you'll smash me to shards.
I don't...
need light.
I want it...
Okay, I might have to change that lyric.
I want it full fat.
Da-da-da-da-da.
Da-da-da-da-da.
I want it full fat.
Da-da-da-da-da.
Da-da-da-da-da.
Yeah, I'll just rhyme.
I'll just keep the rhyme scheme going here.
Buy it by the vat.
That's beautiful.
Buy it by the vat.
Dump in my mouth.
Um...
This is kind of...
If we have time, we'll think of something better.
Buy it by the vat.
I make it go splat.
Does that work?
Let's just sing along with...
Let's sing along with the...
with this face here.
Captain Maroon.
No!
Skip ahead!
Baby, it's large.
If the jar breaks,
you'll smash me to shards.
I don't need light.
I want it full fat.
I'll make it go splat.
Yeah, that works.
In my tummy goes splat.
It's gotta be a...
I'll make it go...
I think it's gotta be five syllables.
So it could be my tummy goes splat or...
tummy goes splat.
My tummy goes splat.
Thank you, MSG. Appreciate it.
At a salad bar.
I still get it.
Hey, Tony Cabana.
We're writing a parody version of...
Moves Like Jagger
called Smooth Like Mayo.
That was the request
and we are beholden to it.
69 viewers.
I should keep track of my viewers so that I know when we're at 69.
So that I can just have a nice graphic appear.
69 real...
committed...
binheads.
Watching us slowly write a
Smooth Like Jagger mayonnaise parody.
Wherever you want.
Get inside it.
Oh, and you want a stir.
That can stay in there.
Lucky us.
Why? Is that an original lyric?
Oh, you want a steer.
Why is AI so bad?
That it made it stir?
Yeah, that's true propaganda.
It's sort of a mayonnaise parody stream.
It should be a new streaming category.
But I'm shifting gears.
I'll take it from here and it goes like this.
Okay.
If you want a smear.
Thank you.
Let's get lazier with it.
Mayo is what I want.
Believe it or not, we can still get lazier with it.
This should be get inside me.
So we got to change this to something that rhymes with me.
Um...
Mayo is free.
At a salad bar.
Mayo is free.
Mayo is what I want.
Inside me.
You could change this to like Hellmans or something.
I'm not sure.
Um...
Is there a type of Mayo that conveniently rhymes with this?
Probably not.
Best Foods is the West Coast brand.
If you want a smear but I'm shifting gears.
I mean, yeah, I could honestly keep a lot of it.
I think I could definitely keep it.
I'll take it from here.
Oh, I'm eating here.
I'm eating it here.
It's beautiful.
Slap it on my deer.
Slap it on my deer.
I'm gonna put it in there.
Look, lyrics can be kind of just evocative
in ways you're not expecting.
What do we say last time?
How do we get into the chorus last time?
Let me just repeat that.
Oh, Mayo smooth like this.
Slap it on my rear.
That does make more sense.
Alright, alright, alright.
We'll change it.
But I do like slap it on my deer.
And like a full on the animal.
Uh, damn it.
There's so much.
Why are there so many lyrics in this song?
Does it make more sense?
Marginally. It's a margin call.
Um,
Put it in the fridge not to spoil.
Put it in the fridge to not spoil you.
Buy you in the store so I own you.
I love some Mayo slather.
A full on Mayo platter.
Spread on some Mayo slather.
Man, Scenic Smooth is going to be able to sing that. Don't worry.
Uh,
You want to know how to make me smile?
Oh, the bridge. I don't know what the bridge sounds like.
I probably do.
Oh, it's Christina Aguilera.
We need a feature on this.
I guess Liliana.
I'll see if I can handle to do it.
Oh, yeah, we get the lady intern also.
Okay.
How did I forget that incredible
showing from Christina Aguilera?
You want to know?
You want to make me smile?
Uh,
Everyone knows
Mayo drives me wild.
Oh, typing is hard.
What about wet Mitchell?
Yeah, sure. We can ask wet Mitchell.
She should be the perspective of the Mayo.
That's next level. And then we can have mayonnaise do the feature.
So smile from the perspective of the Mayo.
From the perspective of the Mayo.
What would make the mayonnaise smile?
I guess you'd be like, you want to know
what the future is.
I guess you'd be like, you want to know
how to make me
spread.
Does she even rhyme there?
Is there even a rhyme scheme there?
Because she said smile.
And it goes, night secret keep it.
Smile, night secret keep it.
I guess she just doesn't rhyme.
You can do that?
You can do that?
Smile and wild.
Does she say wild?
Did I take wild out?
I don't think she says wild.
It does feel like she would say wild.
She says a rhyme.
Which is
a real secret move
that you can do.
It doesn't matter at all if you don't rhyme it.
You want to know how to make me spread?
I think it's night.
She rhymes with night?
Or does she rhyme with night?
Oh, right.
Okay, yeah, right is down here.
Yeah, she eventually rhymes. She gets around to it.
She never rhymes with smile.
So we're safe to just say spread instead of smile.
Take control.
Own me just for the night.
How to make me spread?
Stir me up.
Take control.
Crave it at midnight.
Crave me at midnight.
Yeah, that works. Grab the bowl.
This is the second time.
Just imply anybody present.
I'm not going to be a bad person.
I'm not going to be a bad person.
Just imply anybody puts mayonnaise in a bowl.
Take a roll that way.
That's better.
Smoke a bowl.
Smoke a bowl is better.
See, we're just punching this up so intensely.
Spread it on a roll though.
We're saving that, you know, in case it comes up.
Okay.
Secret.
Um,
leak it.
Secret it.
Secret.
Secret.
Regret.
Need it.
We're so close.
We're so close.
Vinegar.
Vinegar is my secret.
You don't have to keep it.
Let everybody see this.
We're kind of losing the mayonnaise thread here.
I'm just sort of changing it too.
Look at me eat mayo.
Oh, my recipe is secret.
Vinegar is way better.
Vinegar is my secret.
My recipe is secret is better.
We'll save vinegar for later.
Great.
No need to stir me.
My emulsion is right.
No need to stir.
Ooh, my emulsion.
Baby, my emulsion is right.
Stop it.
Baby, fuck me, right?
So drool and yarn.
Oh, gross.
What's the meaning?
Secret ingredient.
It?
Ingredient?
No.
So how far from putting this into an AI
and it makes an entire music video?
Good question.
Probably a week.
You know what I mean?
Hope when I pee it doesn't burn.
Is there burn in here?
Is that just a statement?
How does she go again?
I don't know how to make me spread.
Smokable.
Ooh, eat it at midnight.
My recipe is secret.
But you don't have to keep it.
Let everybody see this.
So drool and yarn.
No need to stir.
Baby, my emulsion is right.
Okay, that'll work.
My recipe is secret.
We're just going to repeat it.
We need to replace you don't have to keep it
with something mayonnaise related or it just doesn't feel
right.
It?
My recipe is secret.
I'm like delicious bird shit.
A joy to eat it.
Yeah, we'll use that as a second one.
It's a joy to eat it.
It'll make you freak a bit.
Miracle whip is bullshit.
Just going to have to kind of force that lyric in.
But whoever singing this I'm sure
is a total pro and can do it.
Okay, and then we start all our
choruses. Mayo smooth like this.
Fantastic.
Fantastic buddy.
Let everybody see this.
That's the only thing we have to replace.
Bliss.
Piss.
Uh, sis.
Mayo kiss.
Have a big Mayo kiss.
Alright, let's double check.
Let's check our work against the professionals here.
You want to know how to make me smile.
Lost it.
I hate having to listen to this this up this much.
Okay.
There it is. Okay, we got to label this.
This needs a big time label of bridge.
Okay, okay, okay.
You're dismissed.
Keep that in mind.
Play something like that.
You want to know how to make me
spread.
Smoke a bowl.
Eat it at midnight.
There's a recipe a secret.
I'm like delicious bird shit.
Have a big Mayo kiss.
So drooling year.
I will show you twice.
There's still a lyric in there.
Um...
Twice.
Nice splice.
Got an aioli splice.
Extra slop is nice.
I'm going with extra slop is nice.
I think that that really cuts to the
emotional core of this song.
Okay, okay, okay.
So drooling year.
Extra slop is nice.
No need to stir.
Baby, my emotions right.
My recipe is secret.
But it's a joy to eat it.
Miracle whip is bullshit.
Uh, yeah.
Mayo smooth like this.
I'm going to have her go,
ma, ma, Mayo.
Okay, I think that's the whole song.
Right? I think we did it.
It's just that easy, guys.
To write a...
a mayonnaise themed
maroon 5 parody.
So Bricksy said when I was a kid
my mother used to make for cocktail
jello salad with mayonnaise.
Nothing like a creamy jello salad
on a hot summer day.
You said it, former Mr. President.
Formerly, but still Mr. President.
Okay, let's get Mancini
smooth in here.
But first our producer I guess has to
download the song and set up the project.
Is that right?
Yeah, I didn't do that while I had all this time to do it.
Um...
Maroon 5 moves
like Jagger instrumental.
Give me some freaking music.
No, there's no music.
There we go.
Official instrumental.
Beautiful. We're getting the official here.
Someone call an official.
Yeah, Corn Pop used to work at the mayonnaise factory.
Those were the days.
One second everybody.
I gotta fix a few things.
There we go.
I'm really upset about that too propaganda.
I remember when you used to be able to go to any corner store
and there'd be a little old grandma making mayonnaise outside.
Just
slopping a bunch of eggs in a big tub
dumping a big vat of vinegar
and then rolling around in it
with her body to give it the unique flavor of grandma.
Nowadays they have computers
and AI doing all that.
I'm not sure if you can see
AI doing all that.
Yeah, we have several DJs, several ghosts.
Most people would stop at one.
But not here.
Not here.
We're almost there.
Okay, and then...
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Fantastic.
Let me just clear this other project out.
Fantastic.
I think we're good to go.
Oh, when Epstein flew, he was arrested in an airport near you.
Or when he flew back
or was arrested? Interesting.
Go search that airport
for any files.
What if he's hit it in the ventilation system?
All right.
Why does that sound like that?
What is with that? Oh, it's because there's a bunch of effects on that track. Okay.
What are my effects free tracks here?
There we go.
Fantastic. All right, man.
See any smooth? You should be good to go now.
So let's send it down to
the smooth man
who...
I don't know.
He's gonna be... He's good to go.
I'm assuming he's a real pro, so we'll just let him take it from here.
That's right.
It's me, Mancini Smooth.
Mancini Smooth.
Ready to
light up the charts
with a callback
to a decade ago
when the moves were smooth
like Jagger.
Today, things have changed a little bit.
In a pretty wacky turn, I've got to say,
the moves right now are actually
smooth like Mayo.
Yeah, I don't die it.
This is how it grows in.
Slappy from goose bumps while I'll take that.
Happy to take that.
It's me, Mancini Smooth.
Ready to keep it smooth
like Mayo.
It's been a while since I've been on this network.
Some say I've grown past it.
Some say I've evolved beyond it.
But I'm never too good to be
to return to my roots.
The first place I wore a tuxedo
that I've never taken off.
All right, what are the lyrics here?
I think I remember the song,
but maybe we can brush me up on it really quick.
Just in case.
How's it, how do we get into it?
Fun to
a long before he starts singing.
How long does he take to get into this thing?
Okay, the beat comes in.
Goes, oh, a couple of times.
I'm gonna go with the beat.
It comes in.
Goes, oh, a couple of times.
Okay, that's gonna be the tricky part for me,
is knowing to come in there.
I'm gonna have to try to feel it out.
And it might be a challenge.
I've never claimed that music is my first love.
My first love is production.
There's a lot of Mayo whist-
I'll try to whistle it out,
unless it's in the instrumental.
Which it could be.
All right, let's just give this a shot.
Mayo.
Better than tartar.
There's gotta be something that's better than that, right?
That's the first lyric.
Just better than tartar.
That's a low bar.
Oh well, it's what's written, I guess I'll go with it.
Uhhh
How about this, not that I
just don't tell them I did this, the store isn't far.
It's the bar you got.
I should have kept it.
I hope not, certainly enough, a lot of high-profile
profile people to use the airport because of its location and privacy. Very fun to know.
Got the inside scoop. Speaking of scoops, what if we scoop out a big sonic slathering of
Manet's song and sing it right now? Let's give it a shot. Woo! Hey, is that some mail
there? Yeah! Okay! The store isn't far. Mail feels right. I empty the jar.
If you feel like take mustard away. It's mayo okay. Oil from an egg. Alright! Put it in a bowl.
I'm elated. Put it in my hole. Now I ate it. I'm popping in the lid. Cosco jars are big.
It's mayo on slits. Whoops! That mayo smooth like this. Take me by the tongue cause you're
mayo. Good on sandwiches cause I say so. I love mayo slather. I hold on mayo platters
that on some mayo slather. Put it in the fridge not to spoil you. Buy it in the store so I
own you. I love mayo slather. I hold on mayo platters that on some mayo slather. Baby it's
large. The jar breaks. You'll smash me to shards. I don't need light. Oh shoot, that's
not how that goes. Can I hear that back? Could that just be my first take? Oh yeah,
that's honestly better than most people do. Just try to enunciate the chorus if you
can. I don't take enunciation notes. I'm actually kind of an old school enunciation
man. That's sort of what I'm known for. But I'll do it. Don't worry. Not trying to
be combative. It's just he said slather and stuff. That's how it's pronounced.
Right. Okay. Do you see? Do you see how that goes? Baby it's large. If the jar
breaks, you'll smash me to shards. I don't need light. I want it full fat. Buy it by
the vat. I'll make it go splat. Okay, I'm seeing it now. I'm seeing the waveforms
develop and I feel ready to go back in. Play from the top. I'm leaning in this
time. I got to get in the head space of a guy who wants mayonnaise. Spread into
his mouth. It's his mouth. Just feel it out. Whatever orifice you think it
belongs in. Mancini. Right. Okay, let's try it. Give this. I just need one more
shot at this. Hey, I'm hungry. It's late. What's in the fridge? Just mayonnaise?
Well, that'd be a problem for some. But not for me. Mancini smooth. The
store isn't far. Mayo feels right. I empty the jar. If you feel like take mustard
away. It's Mayo. Okay. Oil from an egg. Put it in a bowl. I'm elated. Put it
in my hole. Now I ate it. I'm popping the lid. Cosco jars are big. It's on my
mouth. Oh yeah. Mayo smooth like this. Take me by the tongue. Cos you're Mayo.
Good on sandwiches. Cos I say so. I love Mayo slather. A full on Mayo
platter. Strat on some Mayo slather. Put it in the fridge to not spoil you.
Buy you in the store so I own you. I love Mayo slather. A full on Mayo
platter. Strat on some Mayo slather. Baby is large. The transition's hard on me.
It's hard on me. We'll feed you in from your own chorus. Okay, so just really listen to how he does it.
Okay. Do you hear it? No, it's in your it's in your headphones so you don't have to listen out.
The moves like Jagger. Oh, he comes in over the course. Do you see my problem there?
There was no way for me to do that in one take. Right. Right. Well, hey, we'll rectify that for you
right now. Okay. Great. This is what key is this song in? Moves like Jagger key.
It's in B minor? Yeah, it's in B minor. Okay. Here you go. Just just follow your own chorus
and we'll cut out the part where you lose it. Can already tell this is good stuff.
Also, it usually kind of unsinks your voice for some reason when I record this. So just
ignore that. Because I was perfectly on beat. So that's a fact. All right. Feed me in with my own chorus.
Oh, yeah. Well, it's large. If the jar breaks, you'll smash me to shards. I don't need light.
I want it full fat by it by the vat. I'll make it go splat. At a salad bar. Mayo is free helmet
what I want it inside me if you want to smear slap it on my rear. I'm eating it here.
Mayo smooth like this. Take me by the tongue cuz you're Mayo. Good on sandwiches cuz I say so
I love Mayo slather up full on Mayo platter spread on some Mayo slather put it in the fridge
not to spoil you buy you in the store so I owe you I love Mayo slather up full on Mayo platter spread on some Mayo slather
you wanna this isn't mine. This isn't mine. This is the bridge you need someone else to do this. I it's in my contract.
Don't do bridges. That's fine. Just ignore this part. Oh, I don't want to come back in. Not yet. Okay. Not yet.
Can you signal me? You're gonna have to feel it out man. I'm playing the word all of the day.
Take me by the tongue cuz you're Mayo. Good on sandwiches cuz I say so I love Mayo slather up full on Mayo platter spread on some Mayo slather
put it in the fridge not to spoil you buy you in the store so I owe you I love Mayo slather up full on Mayo platter spread on some Mayo slather
Mayo slather. I wasn't sure if he repeated it at the end so you can use that or not. You're the greatest artist we've ever worked with. Mancini. I just have to say that.
You did it in the fewest amount of takes and that makes you the best. I already knew that. When you're just stating the fact it's not a compliment my man but thank you on the lesh.
Mancini smooth former producer current musical genius out. It's a very low bar. Don't tell him though. He already left and he took his headphones off.
Okay. Who gets to sing the bridge? We're gonna see if mayonnaise is available. We're gonna check if Mayo is available. If it's not then it's really up for grabs.
Um.
Catch a drill.
I don't know if I can work with an artist of that level yet. I just don't know if I have the confidence. If I yet have the confidence.
Um.
Darn it. Maybe mayonnaise isn't available. That'll be so sad if there's no mayonnaise available. Um. There's some other stuff though. I have to admit that I didn't realize existed out here in this wild world of ours that I'm tempted to have sing it.
You want Jay Drilla? Okay. Alright Jay. It's your time to shine.
I wonder what he's going by currently.
Jev. Jev?
You're not saying it right. Sorry man. You're not saying it right at all.
What? How am I saying it wrong? Jev? Jev? Jev everything? Well that's, it's right now the nickname everybody's going with is Jev.
Just, I'll just do the track. How about that? How about I just do the track?
What am I saying that's wrong about it? Jev? Jev? There you go. Nice.
Yeah it's really close to Jeff. Yeah and um, a plane is close to a jet.
Only one drops bombs on my heart. That's the lyric I'm trying out. Well we have the lyrics for you. Thank God I really like it when the lyrics are already there.
Yeah I guess it's spelled like Jay. Right.
Oh yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I'm warming up.
Unique New York, unique New York, unique New York. That's my new song Unique New York.
New York. I warm up with it sometimes. It's the thing I do. Great. Great that you do that.
It's really short. We just need a bridge out of you. And we're so close to done. We're
really close to already done. So just do keep that in mind. Let me find the chorus to get
you in. Okay. Okay. Okay. We're so close. And boop that.
The heck? Is this recording not starting time? Oh there it is.
Okay. So that's where you'll start.
Hey, you, you, you, you. Thank you for saying my name right. The other guy here never does.
You're wearing really glowy earrings today. Okay. Alright. The bridge is right there for you.
Let's just give you a refresher on your vocal inspiration here. So really listen to this,
okay? I'm hearing it.
Okay. I got it. Let's do this. Yes. No, I can't hit it. Yo, yeah, you got this. Okay. You
want to know how to make this spread? All right, let's do this. You want to know how to make me spread?
Smoke a bowl. Eat it at midnight. My recipe is secret. I'm like delicious bird shit. I don't think
that you can. P is secret. It's your choice to eat it. Miracle weapons bullshit. Oh, there's
a spin like that. That's all I got time for. It's all I got time for, brother. I gotta go. Yeah,
that's fine. That's totally fine, buddy. You gotta do you. I think you got it. Yeah, I know.
Peace out, everybody. Detone. Detone? Delaware. Right. Okay. I think we got it. I think
we got it, boys. Cotton compromised. Jeffery thing, really showing us Jeffery thing he's got.
All right. Let's just play this. It might be desynced. Oftentimes this thing desyncs the
lyrics a little bit. But we'll just play it on the way out while we find someone to
raid whatever is already in here. And maybe I'll have time to fix it a little bit by
next week. Hey, I'm hungry. It's late. What's in the fridge? Just mayonnaise? Well, that'd be a problem for some.
But not for me. Mancini smooth. The store isn't far. Mayo feels right. I empty the jar. If you feel
like take Mr. Mayo okay. Oil from the niggah. The whitest thing we've ever done. We've done
whitest things. Thanks for hanging out, everybody. I will be out next week. But I'll be back
the Monday after this Monday. And if I can convince my friends I'll do some kind of
dumb cream. But we'll see. It is a little AI coated, right? The really bad auto tune. AI is it up instantly.
Hi. We're sending you Christine's way. Enjoy some marble rivals. I'll try to, I'll try to this weekend sound cloud it up for everybody.
Yeah, I'll let everybody know about their producer credits. Hit the Street Fighter perfect sound effect. Perfect.
What do you think, Ghostwriter? Sounds like something I wrote. Also chat wrote.
Sure to credit all your fellow producers. It's so too quiet. It really does that pretty well.
All right, say hi to Christine for me, everybody. The rain has already happened.
Back to hell I go. You live in hell too? No, I just visit sometimes. I just visit. Just visiting for the weekend.
See y'all later. Bye bye.