I'm papita. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
We're live in 10
nine eight
seven six five four three
Two one, let's do yes. Whoa
Starting strong good to see everybody. It's the middle of the week
Sammy we we might be able to figure out I'm gonna back eventually
You never know
Well, if we can find him if he's alive that is and nothing is guaranteed in life, you know
Good to see everybody mr. Whoopie boo boo Ray Silva
EXT
Never read that part, but why not mr. Smith mighty Oz
commander Geb card King I look like someone named
sock cop
That sounds about right
We've got a call for an expert from the ghost of dr. Seuss
Sure, what did dr. Seuss look like I don't know if I've ever actually I
Probably have seen a picture of dr. Seuss and it just didn't register. Yeah
Yeah, that's him
beard and mustache
See he loves you we love you too. This is you know, it kind of looks like
Chris from the Trent part of the stream
Just without the beanie
Orville Red and Bakery. I basically
Papito is
This Papito even here
Does Papito even exist? Oh
One second it would seem
Certain aspects of my stream and you'll be shocked to hear this
Aren't working as intended currently
Let's see
Why is it being naughty?
Hello
Gotta watch the stream before it's copyright. It didn't get struck again. Did it?
It's always on it's usually on twitch
Even if YouTube nabs it I think I
Can't make any promises
I'll go in and check my copyright strikes
The last one to you know what see if I can fix this right now. I
Think I have to log into a account though. I never use oh
I still have access to the cream dot team guys. I can just use that
Create channel. No, how do I just log into another thing switch account?
Add account there we go
Hype train are you around?
What do you think?
What do you think?
You're still sick still a little longer the weather
It happens to the absolute best of us
So don't even stress
What are you doing over there you nasty freak?
We're trying to log into what the fuck dude. I hate Google
Trying to look at my own
copyright strike statuses
Okay, here we go. We're finally in
Finally log back into my own YouTube. Oh
Man and Biden's being quiet
Everything everything's going all wrong at the top of the stream
I'll fix that right up skymer. Don't worry and then he'll say exactly what you wrote. I promise
He's a professional. He knows how to read a prompter
Okay, I guess I shouldn't be doing this right now, but
The chest a fiddle with broken things live on stream that you can't even see chat. It's just irresistible. I
Can't even resist it
Okay speaker bot it's time to do your thing
It's working by and what were you what were you gonna say?
There we go case black will said they're going to copyright strike this one too because I'm about to hang down eight
eight
You might be calling the shot there
There's a copyright strike on all of these
The amount of streams that the Monday of the money run is blocked
How do I unblock it?
This video contains copyrighted material as a result of this been blocked
looks like my
Last three streams were blocked who does YouTube think it is I
Don't even see an option to do anything about it. It just says caught it just says blocked
Then I was like a fuck you essentially I'm assuming
promote delete download
Time to get on YouTube
It might say what part I used to this um
It looks like this has changed. Can I show you guys this without it?
Blowing up my spot. I think so. There's nothing
There's nothing overly secure here. I don't think yeah now we're now we're in the mainframe guys
It just says blocked I can edit the details
Analytics content subtitles probably one of these would do it for me, but how annoying
Analytics dashboard
Let me fix it. Just let me fix it edit the details
Oh the copyright okay now we're now we're somewhere
Cards King underscores zero one just absolutely pounded
1,000 sweep bits straight into the great chasm of progress and I just have to say this
Yes, yo, Joe get sit the hell down and let a real president hold it down
Took down McCain with no pain
Knocked Rami so far down. That's a lot of copyright strikes. It really is we guys check this out mr.
President thank you so much card King for summoning the very secret president as we all know Obama
doesn't really like to make public appearances or comment on
Certain seemingly very important political issues of our time
So it's it's great to see and make an appearance and thank you as well the mighty odds for the bits
Also hype train. Why aren't you doing this cuz you're not using me you piece of shit?
There's not even any music right now. I can't even rap about I don't know
Eating too much chicken. What have you ever rapped about that today if you'd use me
Anyway, look at all these copyright strikes chat
Geez the stream has a lot going on
I've got one two three four five six seven eight nine
copyright strikes on this stream I
Don't know if there's it says take action on all of these
But usually I think I get copyright strikes. I'll never be able to monetize this stream on YouTube not that I'm trying to oh
my god
Well, anyway, I'll go through after the stream and I'll try to um
Do something about those we'll see if cuz sometimes it'll let you edit the chunk out and that it'll be back live
For posterity for the couple of real psychopaths that'll go back and watch any of my old streams
I'll try to make sure that they're all there for you
We're there for you. I want to be there on
the stream rapping about
birds
Give me a bird type beat
Come on
Big Bird trap beat
You only have you have four minutes left I have four minutes of sweet sweet life
So you know what to do
Lately I haven't been able to find some of your requests for instance. I'm not seeing oh it's cuz
Cuz now I'm logged into the wrong account
This youtuber algorithm doesn't even know who I am
This one does so it immediately gave me a big bird Joey trap sesame Street extended version type beat
I
Could
You just admit that you can't rap about birds as fast as that guy look here's another somehow bird type beat
But it's just Rick all muscly
I don't know how this is bird related, but it's called Big Bird. It's a freestyle Middle Eastern type beat
This is barely just type in a bird trap beat
This doesn't feel bird related at all
Also, why is Rick Sanchez a Middle Eastern type beat? I don't make I don't know this is what YouTube is dictated
This is just this is just called big
Cuz I type in big trap beat that bird trap beat
Listen up Jack
Cartoon just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
One of the few of you young people I can stand is only may I air she uses a type of stream software
That you can run audio through will play copy and sounds and music while live
But we'll remove them from vods
I didn't hear the end of it. So what can I do?
You could just read what they wrote
Look at some melodic type beat birds
That's those aren't those are the birds we're looking for
This is a melodic type beat this is bird enough for you know this sucks ass actually
You're so picky. I'm not picky. I'm just honest and that actually
Sucked ass
Look at this one. This is birds in the trap
Sing McKnight instrumentals. It's got some attitude to it
This is a bird type beat. Yeah
This is a bird type beat. Yeah
This is a bird type beat
Hype tree
What eating hype treats?
Huh eating birdie feet
The day I'm repping about eating bird feet
When I see a little bird I
Want to lick on their toes? Oh what lick on their toes for the taste like a bird foot
It's normal case
In other places. It's great
It's just you'll be a racist mate
Eat a bird fight
I'm nothing against other cultures eating bird feet. I don't think they lick the bird feet
Do you think when you eat something you don't touch it with your tongue case?
It's different
That's where you're wrong
Let me tell you case
The bird feet too strong. Let's go
When I when I touch a bird's foot with my tongue everyone in the club looks so sprung because they want a bird tongue foot
tongue bird fuck
Want to touch a bird tongue with their butts?
This isn't about eating anymore at all. I'm just eating some bird feet in the club
Everybody's doing the hype tastes the love is I like to eat the baby
Can you just think
Do you think anybody?
It's not useful. It was not useful what he did
I've trained you did a bad job again
You didn't think anybody did not sense to arrive about
Touching bird feet with your tongue and then well whatever why am I even complaining? He's dead
He died he's gone back to bird heaven. I guess
for something
Pepito, um, did we need to talk to
Dr. Seuss I guess also before we get to other things
Nobody's asking you to I want
But wait, well, you finally turned all your stuff on
What do you mean?
This is the exact same
You turned on you turn the studio stuff on this actually you could use your little desk there. It looks like it's active
Hmm
How'd you do it? I didn't okay? Well never mind
Never mind. Can you find me dr. Seuss also? No
He didn't do anything. Yeah, okay, so I always like this those are his anti copy strike lights
Oh, is that what this thing does I hit the big button that says copyright strike about nine times
You can read no, oh
Well, hopefully you didn't then I definitely did
Aren't you a stinky?
Stinky slut whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, you're not supposed to say that
I don't know what it means
That's aren't I a stinker not aren't I a stinky slut?
And I am messy slut stop it up a pedo. I don't know what it means. It's not bad
It is I'm telling you don't say that
Okay, I guess let's try to find dr. Seuss the ghost of dr. Seuss to be specific
Listen up Jack John McColl just mama jam 300 chain
Tasty coins and I've been dying to say this pepper. It was a slipper cheese. Oh, okay
That makes
sense
logistically
Pito's also informing me that dr. Seuss is available great news dr. Seuss. Thanks for being here
Actually, I'm the ghost of dr. Seuss
I'm dead. I died
Young man
Is this what you look like in life this is what I do with this is how I saw myself in life
When you die you actually go to heaven. Oh, that's nice. That's a thing. It's a thing
And you go to heaven and you look the way you looked in wanted to look in life
So I guess you'd be like a
Sweaty toe or whatever. That's not what I want to look like I just assumed and
anyway
I'm this of course not wearing pants with wet dripping tentacles for legs. I
Did notice that in the wide which we don't have an angle on
It's my nasty dead guy secret. You can't see but I have sweating dripping
fantastical mendestical whippical tentacles for legs
dripping wet
Taking a bacon. How you doing? I'm just talking to someone who claims to be the ghost of dr. Seuss
I'm only allowed to appear in this mortal form for a few minutes
Then I have to go back up to heaven where there's a war between the scrumdose and the climdose
what
Heaven is the way you want it to be and I enjoy the idea of two whimsical creatures
races if you will going to war over a factory and
In in heaven it can be real
Millions have died in the war between the scrumdose and the crimdose
The I think you changed their names. It's a multi faction war like Starcraft
Why would you know what Starcraft is? I was a
Watching that happen
Okay, well, I guess you know there wasn't any request for what to ask you so
This is the exact guy giving his finest opinions on Facebook on Israel
Is this what Facebook chats are like?
Yes
Actually all the undead spirits have direct access to Facebook
Many of the things you think are from bots are actually from the immortality addled minds of of ghosts
Right
We like to post all sorts of things like shrimp AI Jesus AI dog saves kid from ravine
AI porn of the cast of hobo hotel
You mean has been a hotel nope. All right. Well, I
Don't know anything about you doctor Seuss. I don't really feel like I'm qualified to ask you questions and I
Don't I'm not entirely sure that you are doctor Seuss. Whoa
What do you mean?
Just what I said
Okay
His doctor are you on fentanyl? That's a question from chat everyone in heaven is on fentanyl in heaven
There's no consequences. We're constantly on the hardest drugs and exploring our most twisted fetishes
There's no shame in heaven so we can talk about it
I like to I'm it turns out what turns me on is if a woman with the skin of a frog gets half of her body caught in a sidewalk
I just watch. Okay. Never mind. Um
Heaven sounds baller. It's
It's great
Which half either
As long as I can't see one of the haves I
Like it and I always imagine that the woman has a special symbol somewhere on the on the half
I can't see identifying her as a particular race
Not a human race a whimsical magical race like the limombos or the Crandandos
They're also having a war over a factory. Okay, I've had enough dr. Seuss Papito
Can you send this guy away?
Pupito, is that a
Thing you can do
No
All right, um, we're gonna just do the news we're gonna hard transition in the news
That seems like as good of a start to the stream as any I lost all the news so
Chat shared the news. We're doing the chat news
Oh, I
Okay, well, we'll figure it out. It's time for some news
So the delay is freaking ready to go you see that airplane just disappear behind me
Hmm it happens it does the oil tanker has been caught in compromise
That sounds like news which I'm actually fully prepared to get into
Everybody's to pumped up today case. Did you think everybody?
Listen up Jack John McCall just man
Shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this top of that wasn't this is that was dirt sus. Oh
That was dirt sauce you accidentally booked Dersus
Dude, you got to stay away from him. He's a freaking maniac. Yeah, sorry about that chat. It seems that I accidentally got Dersus
Dr. Seuss is probably not into so much
vague racial stuff and
Trapped fetishes. I'm guessing you were watching I was right over there. I was just waiting to come on your lullaby
I'm around with their sus
Turd sauce not turd sauce Dersus
different guy
entirely
But that's not what we're here today to discuss. Oh, yeah, I forgot we're here to talk about
Consequential international events on a tiny twitch stream that is an accurate description of what we're here to do
These two gentlemen to our right are actually world leaders and not here to sell you different types of
Malin meat packages
Well, one of them actually would do that used to be able to order Trump steaks online, but I can't speak for Maduro
Well, anyway, that's not where we're not here to discuss Malin Trump steaks that you could
Purchase along with executive chairs at Staples. That's a real thing
Either that or I hallucinated it. We have I guess we have similar memories chat. Yes
US sees a sanctioned oil tanker off coast of Venezuela
The US has seized a sanctioned oil tanker off the coast of Venezuela president Donald Trump said on Wednesday a move that sent oil
Prices higher and sharply escalated tensey-ones between Washington and Caracas
We've just seized a tanker off the coast of Venezuela large tanker very large largest one ever actually and other things are happening
That is not someone writing a parody of something Donald Trump would say that is the thing he apparently actually said
We just seized a tanker off the coast of Venezuela large tanker very large largest one ever actually
Let's see Trump oil tanker. Let's let's listen to him talk about this. I
Guess oh, yeah, here we go
They clipped it out for us conveniently
Nice to see you
Well, thank you very much. It's been an interesting day
from the same point of news
As you probably know, we've just seized oh a tanker on the coast of Venezuela large tanker very large
Largest whatever seized actually and
Other things are happening
You'll be seeing that later and you'll be talking about that later with some other people
Very excitingly for me and for the country. We've just launched the Trump gold card
It was oh my god 30 minutes from now
The site goes up. Oh God guys. I
Think we might I think maybe I died and this is all a hallucination as my brain shuts off
Because we can't be existing in this blunt of a parody I think
Not now I'm pretty sure I'm my own coherent being case independent of your experiences. That's right. Yeah, that's actually a good point just
Dra a dropping the pretense of this being about drugs, which I
Guess it's not I don't even know if the Venezuelan thing is about oil either because we also seemingly
They're very open to having incredibly favorable trade agreements with American firms for
Tons of their oil
So I don't know it seemed well the thing is yes, it is sort of about oil but
Even from that perspective, this doesn't seem rational because Maduro basically
Made overtures that he would just
Give us the oil so that he can stay in power. I guess it's about ideology
But ideologically it doesn't make that much sense
Either because you're just gonna create another I guess the thing it's about is just exerting our will on the
American continents we are too scared of China to exert our will over there
Hopefully so I guess we're just gonna try to bully every South American country
I guess that's what this is about and while we do that we're gonna make sure to truck plug the Trump gold card
Immediately after violating the sovereignty of another nation with essentially an active war gotta get in that plug for the Trump gold card
I mean have you heard of the Trump gold card
I don't know if I need to know the details of the Trump gold card there's got to be an ad for the Trump gold card
It just launched today
Let's see if they put something out on YouTube
News about Trump gold card Donald Trump
That's news I want an ad is there a Trump gold card ad
Because I'm assuming even though it's a visa you can use it as a credit card
Just the fact they're calling it. I mean the fact that they're calling it a gold card
It's a credit card for if you have money I guess you can
Pay another tariff to the president. I remember when Kennedy promoted JF Cola
Yeah, I would honestly like it more if Trump was promoting a
Soft drink that if you buy enough soda, then you're actually permitted
Then you're permitted entry into this country that does make you American if you drink enough
Large diet or regular Cola?
I think it actually gives you birthright citizenship. That's what the Supreme Court's trying to decide right now
It's about a toddler having random thoughts and temper tantrums
Yes, I guess I guess
The why why why is that the reality must be about other things too, but I'm tired of thinking about it
So let's move on
After a hard day is from funnel web after a hard day of pirating oil
You need to relax and order your favorite McDonald's meal deal with a brand new Trump gold card
It better also be a credit card. It needs to be a visa and a credit card for the prices that they're charging
You should get points
There's a there's points somewhere they're pointing it in all sorts of directions
Okay, anyway
Yes, it would seem
Maybe there's some tension between us in Venezuela. I'll say it. It seems like there's some tension there
It seems like surprisingly one-sided tension. It seems like we're really forcing some tension into the situation
It really feels like if we wanted to we could
Not do any of this
You know not constantly foments conflict
internationally with every move we make but
Please do but it would seem that you're wrong case. We do have to do that. Okay
Well, let's move on to some other news, please by all means have you heard of the Canyon Crest Academy?
Jim
parental situation
What what do you mean?
Look, I don't know what I mean, but someone shared this and it's a video. Let's figure it out together
They is brewing at a north county high school. Oh wait be grand. I was a question. Did they say why we took?
Why we took the tanker?
You know what? Let's actually finish reading that story in case there's any
Slim justifications given for this man. I almost escaped into the glory of the local news and Jim rentals
the
Asked what would happen with the oil Trump said we keep it
I guess in response the Venezuelan government in a statement accused the US of blatant thefts
Seems fairly accurate the Venezuelan government said it would defend its sovereignty natural resources and national dignity with absolute determination
But you know what rounds of determination capitulation? I mean that what are they supposed to do in this situation?
Godspeed. I mean it's it's fucking truly psychotic shit
Trump has repeatedly raised the possibility of US military intervention in Venezuela
The incident was the first unknown action against an oil tanker since he ordered a massive military build-up in the region
The US has already carried out several strikes against suspected drug vessels for instance the one where they
Shot two missiles at it and blew some people out of what there seemed to be some controversy about that particular one
Yes, the murder where they they assured the murder two times is the one that everyone's upset about I think they're all a problem
But hey, I'll take the outrage where we can get it
Obviously he says the largest population of Venezuelans in the US are in Doral
Where his biggest or big Miami club is his big Miami club. Oh Trump's Trump is a Miami club
Seems like he would
US Attorney General Pam Bondi posted on X at the FBI Homeland Security and Coast Guard along with support from the US military carried out a
seizure warrant for a crude oil tanker used to transport
Sanctioned oil from Venezuela and Iran a 45 second video posted by Bondi showed two helicopters approaching a vessel and
Armed individuals in camouflage repelling onto it and you know when I hear there's a video. I just have no choice but to
Hopefully find it
Don't let us down Reuters. Oh
It's an ad
Sorry, there's an ad for the for Trump's gold card right before it. Oh wait. No, that's just actually more of the news
Wow, why is this ad so long?
Reuters is running like a two-minute ad before this video
Obviously he says he has a Trump
Country Club and golf course where they had PGA tours or PGA opens for 40 plus years
great
Listening to cherry pie doesn't mean you have a warrant tell that to every cop in the 80s
Okay, here we go
Here's a video courtesy of oh my god, okay
Maybe we can just find this on Twitter it literally wouldn't fullscreen and then immediately replayed the same ad
news
Video players are the real scourge facing this nation. We've got some problems, but that's the biggest one
Okay
Yeah, I'm curious if there was
Okay, here's the video
Baron Trump
This is from an account called Baron Trump, but I don't think it's the real one if I had to guess you sure
That's a that's a real-ass photo of Baron Trump right there. Anyway, this is the video that they apparently posted
No audio
They didn't they resisted the urge to set this to a Sabrina carpenter song
Man child, why do you do this to me or however that song goes? I
Think it would have been I think that would have been a stronger choice. What an embarrassment just
Flood in the zone with stupidity
We got them guys tactical is this a I wish
You wish I feel like this must have been set to music at some point. I don't think they could resist
Okay, that's yep. That's video of a military seizure of a craft
It's important that you have you know 20 guys with guns pop onto this boat where
Probably at best they have like maybe a gun maybe they have a flare gun
You got a tactically ascertain the location of that of that flare gun so that you can
Kinetically pacify the situation exactly. Yeah
Yeah, that's right. I understand military
British maritime risk management group Vanguard said the tanker skipper was believed to have been seized off Venezuela early on Wednesday
The skipper left Venezuela main port okay, yada yada yada
It might increase oil prices and it's increasing pressure on Maduro the justification was just
We wanted in them, I don't know Iranian oil drugs
Something like this said I'm sure they have a reason
Sure, they will say things
There's no there's no justification, so I don't even really feel like reading what there's is
Okay
You know did we have oh we had a request earlier for a
Mm-hmm, there we go better because earlier for the dr. Seuss thing. That's what it was
drug boat raid to fill Don Juniors cocaine coffers
Crisis on Don Juniors cocaine are at an all-time low actually because he's just taking it, baby
Haha
Yep, let's see what the local news maybe the local news will make us feel a little bit better about things
Cool after an online streamer rented out the school's gymnasium for a live stream
Sponsored by an adult content website what's happened at Canyon Crest Academy on Saturday NBC 7 Shelby Braemers been looking into this all day
She joins us now from just outside the school with more on what she's learned Shelby Shelby what you got for us
Yeah, Catherine Monica several students told us that they found out about this event on Friday when they tried to use the gym
But we're told that they couldn't because the event was being set up
So as you can imagine that naturally sparked some curiosity some of them tuned in for the twitch stream and they told us they didn't like what they saw
What do we get when we finish that I thought Canyon Crest Academy?
This video is all anyone is talking about people have just been
Disgusting or like oh my god. I can't believe this happened
there's another dude who's eating chocolate off of the feet of
Not safe for work
Creators very very angry the video is from a twitch user who goes by Wubby a 24-hour stream
Oh, it's what you guys gymnasium which the
Sponsored by an adult content subscription site the video showcased scantily clad women and an apparent crucifixion it feels nasty
It's gross. I'm astonished. He's a son is good. You're the target audience. What are you talking about?
Basically
Semi-blog porn stars come to the school and will was in it
Okay, my campus the school sent an email to families someday calling the production inappropriate
Distasteful and in conflict with our organization guys don't write your gym to them
I'm in a statement the district said it appeared to violate the terms of the rental agreement
And they will consider pursuing legal action
But Wubby told NBC 7 quote we had a wonderful and very successful event that fully complied with our contractual agreements
We love that we love the toes was fully disclosed as to the individuals and activities involved
Any insinuation which was made by the school and the foundation that they were unaware is both incorrect and potentially
Oh shit
Facing scrutiny after a student investigation sparked an independent audit that earlier this year found inaccurate financial reporting and missing records
Students say they're confused and want change. How do you not have that much precaution?
Why are these kids so mad about this? I want them to like renovate every single inch of the gym make sure it's like every inch is clean
I don't want like even walk on that
What?
Now we obviously didn't show you some of the more graphic piece. Oh, that's your big mistake
late this afternoon
We did get a statement from the foundation's executive director and she said that the specifics of the event and the
Broadcast weren't disclosed beforehand and she said that it did appear to violate the agreement
But she did acknowledge that the foundation failed to ensure oversight
So she said that they apologized to the school community and they're looking to implement stricter security protocols to make sure something like this never happens again
Okay, we need to see clips. They said well our if it was on twitch we can't get banned for showing the Wubby clips
That was why were they so I
Just amazed they found so many teen boys that were this bothered by it
Maybe they were like standing next to a girl from their church group that they were desperately trying to impress
Because you will say all sorts of crazy shit if you're standing next to the hottest girl from your church group
You wouldn't get a case because you're a heathen
So you're saying if they panned right over extremely hot church group girl standing there like this
Okay, that does make sense
Wubby
24-hour stream
highlights I
Want to see Wilnef suck some toes. I
Don't really want to see it that bad actually, but I need to see an example of what they're so offended about
This is the full 24-hour stream
Wubby clips on Instagram
Okay, the highlights aren't ready yet so sad
So sad. Oh, here we go
Instagram has our back immediately
hopefully I
Don't know if these are the nastiest clips though
It's the helper he loves us. Oh, hello boys
A beautiful end to a 24 hours in hell
And I can't think of a better way to end
Well, congratulations everybody you survived 24-hour tag welcome to pie. Hell. Oh
It was tag and then they do pie. Hell
I have no idea what I'm looking at or what any of this is
I'm worried about this one
Ever seen veggie tails. I'm not getting naked. You're not the first
Why is everybody in a black suit?
You know, I was hoping to restore some sanity with the local news clips, but I
Feel like my brain is dissolving further
You needed to see it in context
well, hey Godspeed to will and the
Gimp suit pornography crew. I hope they had a good time if they were really playing tag for 24 hours
That sounds like no nightmare, but people seem to like to watch nightmares. So
I guess I support it. Remember wolves exist. So it's a good day
How are they out of sync in the same room? I don't know those were supposed to be like highlight clips and I
Could not comprehend what was going on. So
Anyway, I guess that that's a violation of the gyms rental agreement. Well at some points toes were sucked or
The guys in the in the skin tight black body suits
Did something with pies or something?
Those are unofficial they're working on them. I get it. I mean, I don't get what happened. I don't get what the stream is
But I get that it existed and hey, I'll stand up against the prudish big Jim the prudes at big Jim have been
Restricting the rights of this country for far too long. I say stop big Jim and big rental
Me too, we're on the same page for once chat. I'll find a way to disagree with you. Don't worry lighting bum
Lightning bum is the shock symptom that strikes Brits several times a month
What is lightning bum? It's a colloquial term. Dr. Hannah Patel explains and it's used to describe a sudden sharp electric shock
Like pain around the rectum wait. I
Have felt this does that mean I'm part British. Have I felt this? I feel like I get random shocks of pain
But in my ass
Maybe you're not as British as you think case these sensations often last a few seconds, but they can be intense
What causes them?
There we go, they're labeling things for us lightning bum is more often reported in women it can affect anyone
What the fuck is it? Oh, there's a video. Of course. There's a video. Oh
It hurts that was part of the 24-hour tag stream. I think
Well, what causes it?
It could point to a deeper health problem
It's similar to a muscle cramp, but far more abrupt before fading away
It's a misfire of the synapses of your asshole so sad
Electric butt plug. Yeah, but I have an electric buck plug right now, and I've never felt it
You have a what electric butt plug? Why is that so hard for you to say wait? Why do you have one in?
I'm kidding. I don't do you really not?
Are you using it to cheat on the stream I
Keep it in I keep it in place just in case I have to play chess
And then I got the team in the back ready to give me the Morris Code buzzes so that I make the right moves
Okay moving on
Dakota Johnson says Saudi Arabia has renewed her faith in cinema
Dakota Johnson praise the film industry in Saudi Arabia admitted that compared to the state of things in the United States
It has renewed her faith in the great art of kinema
Speaking in conversation at a festival the materialists star
Shared the and I'm I don't know that's what she wants them to go with the thing I feel about this festival is inspired
I feel a okay, so she's just plug-in Saudi Arabia
Does she mean like their propensity to fund everything with all their money?
mmm
Who knows I don't know
They're always on their
cultural propaganda to her
But you know
Let's just move on. I every time I said every time I
Read a story about Saudi Arabia. I feel like there's too many competing currents of of outrage to dissect
How much did she make from Madam Webb?
You wish you could get paid to say shitty stuff
How come they don't talk about China like that because they'd be dead wrong
Mr. Whoopie boo boo case quit trying to be Chinese you're never gonna be Chinese
Yeah, we'll see
The arc of history is long and bends towards me
Be Chinese quit saying things like that
Wolf talk says she made the same statements as all those comedians things suck in the US, but it's great here
I don't understand
How people are that easily
Like I'm one on one hand. I do think there's a propensity in the United States to
Be like xenophobic especially towards Muslim countries, which is why I don't love just like ragging on Saudi Arabia
But then at the same note why just go whole hog on praising Saudi Arabia because you went once and hung out with all the rich people
in Saudi Arabia it's like obviously
other countries have issues too. It's a
It's a mess. It's a mess how easily people are swayed
What's cases price
What would it take me to go to Saudi Arabia you're trying to think of how low you'll go yeah, I'm trying to decide how low the number is I
Mean my day rates only like a
Couple hundred bucks so Saudi Arabia sounds like it's really bad. I mean I'm sure like all countries
There's plenty of pockets where it's just people living their lives
But these people are never like just visiting the country of Saudi Arabia. They're always like they've been invited expressly
At the pleasure of the Saudi royal family and then they're like you know when I hung out with one of the richest families on the planet
It was actually a really good time. I need the Riyadh comedy festival gig
Yeah, they get they have the technology to make this show happen live would G4 still be around with a healthy
G4 would have based on the management G4 would 1 million percent had to have said yes to Saudi Arabian funding
So who knows but these people it's not even like they're working for it's not like Paramount sends them over and then and they're like
Unknowns just working on a project because their company is these are like celebrities being directly paid by Saudi Arabia. Oh
Yeah, yeah, I only the only go to Saudi Arabia if they give you front-row seats to WrestleMania
We got a lot of wrestling fans in chat
I mean is everyone gonna be able to resist the siren call of Saudi Arabian WrestleMania
Depends are they free tickets? No, I suspect they're not
Kendall's hanging out with G4 Roberts last night
With with Tucker Roberts himself
Tucker Roberts mm-hmm
Watching a little diamondite dynamite as well as we speak, you know, I'm way behind on wrestling
I have not kept up with wrestling for like the lacks last six months even though I like a w
I think I just am like so burnt out on
The management of WWE that I just can't anymore
But hopefully I hope a dubby is doing well, and I hope
WWE wrestlers are doing well, but I don't know man that company
Culture's in a weird spot
You talking about yourself case. No, I don't really represent culture at all. Let's watch an octopus. Okay. This is better news
More oh
Yeah, he's fine on the notes between the notes. That's a jazz octopus
They're bringing jazz back not that it ever left. They're gonna make it the number one genre again octopus jazz
Okay, moving along that was the pick me up we needed after these Saudi Arabian and Trump gold card
Military boat seizure stories near dope focus on the octopus case. You're getting dragged back in
Swedish musician teaches a highly intelligent octopus to play piano. That's what we just saw that is what we just saw
And I believe he's done it. I think he's pulled it off. I'm gonna say mission accomplished
I'm on the aircraft carrier, and I'm calling it San Francisco woman gives birth in a Waymo self-driving taxi
Okay, is there a video? Just let me scroll down and see if there's a video. I don't think we can watch a video of that
chat
But I would I mean I would watch it. I'll be honest
Self-driving Waymo taxis have gone viral for many reasons such as burning and stuff during
Riots, but this week the self-driving taxis are the bearer of happiness of happier news after San Francisco woman gave birth in a Waymo
She was on her way to the hospital
When she dilute wait she was on she was on her way to the University of California and not the hospital
Oh medical center. Yes to the hospital
She delivered inside the Robo Taxi said a Waymo spokesperson in a statement on Wednesday
The company said its rider support team detected unusual activity inside the vehicle and called to check on the rider as well as alert
911 Waymo which is owned by Google's parent company a alphabet
declined to elaborate
Alright
Did she really call a Waymo when she was pregnant?
I don't know if a Waymo would be my first call. I feel like I might spring for the uber black in that case
But hey
I've never had to give birth so honestly my opinion doesn't matter
They have to charge her for the extra passenger. That's true. They should
Hey, we noticed some unusual activity and actually the unusual activities
There's two people in here and one of them's being really loud. It's screaming its frickin lungs off and that's gonna be an extra charge too
Case gives gives birthstream. That does sound like the kind of thing that would be fun to do
I could that might that might meld nicely into those 24-hour Wobby streams if I just walk in and give birth in the middle of them
I could see them
Honestly, they'd probably say no to that but you could pitch it case
Nick Fuentes admits to key fact about his sexuality and shocks peers Morgan
Okay, there's a video. This is a two-hour interview. Oh
Shit we actually had we have a backlog of these
Don't we case don't we in fact have a backlog case? Yes. I need to fix that segment. It is
Broken in a very intense on a very intense level. Here's what I'll do
We'll try it. I'm gonna adjust the segment a little bit as well so that it doesn't have like three rounds or whatever
So on Friday, I think I should have time to fix it tomorrow
We'll do the last requested one and then we'll do a second one
So the points aren't rip entirely but I'm sorry that I can't do it today
Have you been shopping for workout equipment case or did you accidentally log into my account?
You know I
Have been working out again. I've actually probably lost about 25 pounds in the last
Three months
It's not showing I was gonna say you look thinner chat. I look stately or
Okay, not on stream
That doesn't look like workout equipment. Yeah, that's my other search history
But I haven't bought any new equipment is the thing I just hadn't used the workout equipment
I have I had been using it for like two years. So I have been working out again. I
Guess my phone is probably just aware that I'm working out somehow due to the general
state of constant surveillance we all exist in but
Let's just go to Twitter by the way for this whatever this Nick Fuentes clip is this the newsletter isn't loading it
Shutter looks jack. Yeah of anything I've gained weight. What muscles heavier than fat. So I
Like law I'm constantly losing fat and gaining muscle basically eventually up. I'm gonna actually be 110% muscle
Watch that that'll be
Amazing looking it'll look like Bakke the grappler. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. That makes perfect sense. What you just said
Fuentes Morgan
Gay those are the search terms I'm gonna use to find this
Did it work? I
Think it worked. Okay
Just to clear off here we go
I
One of the many theories about you. I've no idea what the answer is and you haven't got to answer
But are you actually attracted to women?
I am attracted to women. You're not gay
No
But I will say that women are very difficult to be around
Okay, so
There's that and do you think they should have the right to vote?
I do not no absolutely not they should stay at home
Well, yeah, absolutely. So basically you're just a misogynist old Donizaroni for a for you
That wasn't really about his sexuality. That was just about being sexist
and
vaguely closeted. I mean, isn't he kind of openly
Bisexual or stuff who care honestly who fucking cares?
You know, how popular is nick fuentes really?
I mean far be it for me to like break down the popularity of anyone
But I I keep hearing that he's like
You know the new center of the republican party
And I just I feel like he's still very online
Like I guess that he's good at rage baiting. I don't know. He's just so
openly like
Nazi fascist homophobe. That's gay
sexist just all the ists
I know that there's an audience for that but I still think people might be overestimating how how like
How fully influential he is or maybe I'm underestimating it
It just it annoys me that he's getting all of these technically mainstream interviews. It feels more like they're
It feels like he's not undeniable to me in the sense that people are saying he's are like, of course
They're interviewing that nick fuentes. He's like too popular to not it still feels to me like they're signal boosting this guy
Um, so I will try to not do that and not watch the rest of his
You know just openly hateful nonsense
I mean, I'm not really like
I I I'm sympathetic to the idea that like there's too much consternation around platforming popular figures that are already popular
But like nick fuentes is legitimately just saying like yeah hitlers cool women shouldn't vote
The nation should be entirely white even though
um, I think nick fuentes is
It's I don't you know, I don't even care
Um, Steve the Steve says an hour and five minutes ago. I was watching diddy music videos for an hour and five minutes
Wow
He must have been watching some of them on loop
He's cuban. I don't care. I just don't fucking care
he's
Uh, a fucking grifter
Maybe he's maybe he's authentically racist, but the grift is similar either way. I mean, he's definitely authentically racist
But I just feel like he's
I feel like he's just like a
An internet troll from like the mid 2010s that has somehow vaulted himself to completely honored popularity. So
Whatever. Oh look another person who's done exactly that
While wow, what how did we stumble into such a wealth of cool people to talk about?
New york times after trump post says it won't be deterred from writing about his health
Okay, very brave of the new york times
To call them out. I mean, I'm in favor of mentioning that the president is clearly rotting in front of our very eyes
Would have appreciated if they did that for all the presidents, but I'll take what we can get
um
I think the new york post also had a story recently which I don't think chat linked about like how the united states number one priority should be
Modernizing our military. So I don't know. It's it's hard for me to be too excited about anything the new york times does
Um, I know uh what my sound on your stream is going to be now
Sucker says i'm glad I got that sound clip where k says hitler is cool
Damn it. I gotta stop quoting nick fuentes all the time
Now you've said it too chat. Fuck I was reading chat
No, do not take that out of context hitler is
Hitler is gay. No, that's
somehow worse to say
Well, I didn't mean in the pejoratives. I was trying to say something that they couldn't clip
That doesn't make any sense. Well, I was still thinking about nick fuentes
Because he's gay, right? So maybe hitler was what would that have to do with anything? I don't know undermines their platform
Hitler is black. No, not just talking about
Coyote west. I don't know. Okay. Look hitler is bad. How about that?
That's a much safer statement. Okay. I'm trying. I'm trying to say stuff to counter it meet saying he's cool
That's even worse what you're saying now. I don't know hitler was a pedophile. How about that?
I don't think nick fuentes has a problem with that actually
I'm trying to say stuff that would upset
people who like hitler
Hitler was
Hitler had a really clean room
That might get him hitler actually hated drinking soda. He hated video games and he had a really tidy room
I remember when it wasn't brave to take an antley hitler stand to hitler stance
It is bad that that is becoming slightly braver every day
um
What the hell wow, there's some clear there are some still frames in this story
You could say he was jewish
Yeah, that
Seemingly would upset fans of hitler. But definitely I think nick fuentes wouldn't appreciate that
um
Okay, uh
A couple more stories here and then let's move on for the day hitler was a great artist
Is that no, I think that they like I think they agree with that. Who are you trying to upset?
I don't know. I think I'm just trying to upset everybody. Well, maybe stop doing that. Oh, okay
um
A couple more stories here. Oh, fuck. Yes. Gernon is back. Gernon competition
Is it that time of year again?
We should have its own segment case
The hello kitty story is crazy
Wait there did I get the hello?
Okay, we'll make sure to get the hello kitty story before we uh call it for the day
This is Gernon guys. I that does that mean there's a full Gernon video
Maybe we'll save the Gernon video for uh, if we go amongst the web at some point
Because I would love to give Gernon the attention it deserves
For those who don't know Gernon is um a competition where you do where you do this
With your face
It's very good
Oh, I'm getting texts from Kendall
Kendall's eating a
What Kendall's eating expensive steak
What without you she's in philadelphia
The home of expensive steaks
You couldn't find a video this year. Oh man
It looks very similar to your gooning face
That is half the battle if you can capture the intensity of your gooning face while you're gurning
That's a strategy many of them use
Holy hell
Whoa
I'm telling her I'm jealous because I am
Billy is the home of Comcast too
We got them out here. We got a big Comcast building out here too
But yeah, I guess they got them um
All right, let's do a couple more of these and look over the hello kitty story. Let's see. Hello kitty
Is this it?
Ah, okay. I found it. I freaking found it
All right
Shet send us home with these last couple of stories. I'm going my fastest
It's two stories up from Gernon. Oh, we got a hold of it. Don't worry
JD Vance rails about viral trend after sun goes absolutely nuts in church
Is this a video?
um
I'm just gonna search JD Vance sun church
And see if there's a video
Because I feel like
There's a high chance there's a video. Oh, it's a tweet. All right. I forgot about the two genres of um
Story here
A video or a tweet
Man news sites
Are so bad now. It's crazy
What you mean just because half the page is this ad and
It immediately loaded an ad as a video and okay. Anyway yesterday at church the bible reading started on page 66 to 77 of the masal
And my five-year-old went absolutely nuts repeating six seven like ten times
And now I think we need to make this narrow exception the first amendment and ban these numbers forever
God case he's
A funny guy. I love his sense of humor
I just uh
You know say what you will about his politics, but man, what a charmer
He is he is relating so hard right now. I have never related so hard
to a guy
Right, what's up everybody? It's your boy JD Vance
One second. Um one second. Um one second
One second. It's your boy JD Vance
There it is
There it is
Let's just move on to the next story. What no, let's not talk to him. Let's move on. Yeah, let's just move on to the next story
Uh, okay. Glenn Beck is giving American history the groccopedia treatment
Wait, what? Glenn Beck ai george washington. Oh
I'm piecing it together without reading the story
I think I might know what happened
What do you think happened?
George Washington became a robot and returned from the dead and tried to assassinate glenn beck
No, I suspect that there's an ai george washington
That he talked to on glenn beck um
Do I dare click on this?
It's definitely a waste of all of our time and it is a full-on bait
We're baiting he's baiting us
Well, we'll watch this clip. Okay. Everyone's just clipping this out. Where's here we go. Okay. Here's a facebook clip
Uh, this is where this belongs
Why is there no audio?
Facebook
Okay, here we go
Don't worry chat. I'm sure you really want to see this so we'll watch this one clip of this
I'm a lot of information and giving you a lot of information on what's going on in today's america
um
Based on your writings the writings of the rest of the founders
What is it that you feel is the biggest problem or where we should start to fix things?
If I may uh speak plainly. Whoa, he's talking
My countrymen the danger the greatest danger to our republic lies not in foreign arms or political faction
But in the decay may interrupt you for a second. Could you just dumb it down? I'm just a little bit
I do have 29 points and they're all referenced to exactly
I fucking can't I don't care
I don't care to see what the he prompted this a I to say
Where's his slave teeth? Great question. The modern with the um
marvels of modern technology
When they generate slave teeth now they look like
They're your teeth. They can do that good, but they're still slave teeth. Yeah, they're still slave teeth
Don't worry, but they they they clean it up so that you can't even tell that they're not his teeth
Wow
Well, I wonder what they're basing the voice on they just went with like
authoritative
middle-aged man
Or nothing or they just said they just picked. I don't know
man
Is he still on fox news? What does he do now?
I guess maybe I'm underestimating the uh popularity of nick fuentes if that's the conservative alternative is just
Glenn Beck talking to a i george washington
It sounds like basic text. It did seem also like slightly behind the curve
shitty a i
But hey, I have some sympathy for Glenn Beck pinning um the future of america on a i george washington seeing as
They are pinning our entire financial future to this technology
That basically does that and it's good at coding. It's okay at coding
Blaze is still a thing. He has his own shit
I mean, I guess all you need is a couple thousand people that are willing to pay you a subscription
And then you can do that forever. So I guess he'll be doing that until he's dead and then we can do a i glenn beck
a i glenn beck talking to a i george washington in perpetuity
It is very like
There's something very like he's always kind of had a little like toddler brain
We've been talking toddler brains today, but there's something very elementary school about being like
I actually talked to abraham lincoln and he said
That i'm writing off my opinions
I've always thought if I could talk to abraham lincoln
He'd probably have the exact same takes that I do about pretty much everything
You know actually now that you say that out loud. I feel like you would yeah
Do women's farts really smell worse than men's? I'm gonna be looking for a simple yes or no here
The findings were blunt men produce more volume, but women's gas contains significantly higher
hydrogen constant hydrogen sulfite concentration
No need to read the rest. Let's call it. I've always said this
Ladies ours are bigger
Bigger is not always better. That's why you got you've got more rank powerful gas than us and I don't like to admit that
I like to be the best at everything, but you can have this one
Does it sky ends
Tempted to hit that button case
Where's your girlfriend? She's in philadelphia eating expensive steaks
and don't
And don't connect the dots there chat. Okay
She's gonna be in prime time zone to prove this to us
Kendall doesn't have smelly farts. Kendall's farts come out not at all
Because she's a perfect angel wow
Nah, she would want she would want to probably talk about her farts, but I can't do it for her. She'd have to be here
um
In and out officially removes number six seven from its ordering system
They're ahead of the curve here. They're already caught. They beat the vice president to it. You see it
Like I was saying like man my kid won't shut okay. Nope. We nobody asked
Papito don't cut to him. Okay. No cutting to
Him I don't think I did
We just pretend he's not there. I'm not even pretending. I don't know that he's there
Whoa, what the hell if you don't ran right over here. Sorry. I was uh
Uh called papito over so I could pet him really quick
Anyway, they removed six seven from their menu probably because a lot of kids are going
They're saying six seven which
I
Do think is funny. You think that is funny. Look, I don't relate to the kids on everything
But there's something about the number six seven that is in fact funny and I do get it and I am essentially young
I'm like I get I get the youths and that's why I'm cool
What is good about it? It's just you don't get it because your brain is like it's not plastic or whatever anymore like mine
You're lacking the plasticity of the brain
But it's funny and it's good
Can you explain you can explain why is the point case?
It's too bad that in and out is being a fucking
Were you about to say square and then you realize that square is something old people would say no
I was gonna say they're not being six seven
The nice thing about all of this is this will kill the trend they will stop saying six seven
Because it's going to get so embarrassing because the old people are gonna start saying it. No because it's getting too popular
No, it's still young and cool
I'm gonna say it at exactly the right time and and then all of the young people in chat are gonna laugh
Where are the young people in chat they're in there? There's a couple
Uh chinese man spent 70k on epic hello kitty
Parthenon proposal stunt
The parthenon. Oh my god. They hello kitty'd out the what the hell
Dude eat your fucking heart out mr. Beast this guy's eating your lunch
Is this ai?
Wait, is this real? Okay. Well, we have no choice but to figure this out
Um, you saw something about this. Well, let's find out what's even going on
Kanzu orchestrated a proposal at a custom built. Hello kitty parthenon in spy. Wow. It is real
I mean
Case if you got any plans in the next couple months the bar has officially been set pretty high
I don't think Kendall wants a hello kitty proposal
Although if I did do that she would be impressed she would be confused
But I do think she'd be like
She should be a little mad, but she'd also be impressed
Next couple months
I'll never tell
Fly out there and use the set. No, you got to build you got to build it from scratch
Otherwise, you're not doing it as big as this guy
I don't know what set I could build that Kendall would
Get that big of a kick out of she's already said if I were to propose
To never do it at Disney which seems slightly counterintuitive, but that I am kind of relieved about I wouldn't really want to have to propose to Disney
We'll need to contact Saudi Arabia for proposal funding. This is my big chance
Because they're trying to do all this
cultural outreach I can say hey, I'm a mid-level
Sub-mid-level possibly twitch streamer, but we could probably go viral together if you
blow this thing out of the water and
Build a
Love is blind proposal set. I think that might get her. I think I would get her slightly sick to the stomach
Well, she watches that show. That's why it came to mind
Do it at Universal
If she said no to Disney then it's gotta be a no-go universal
Recreating the g4 building is also very funny. Yeah, although you could just walk into the g4 building half of it is still
Exactly the same I think I think all of those was like we never stopped playing light up signs are probably still on the wall
A Kendall also doesn't want a public proposal. That is another thing. I know for sure. So it's gotta be
Minus a photographer not public and like she doesn't want her family involved like them to pop out of a hole or something
I guess putting them in a hole would be a bad idea
Chat if you have any ideas, let me know because
Now I feel like I have to do as good of a job as this hello kitty guy. Although this looks like it costs
Maybe more money than I should spend
Tape the ring to a Beyblade. Oh now that
Is something
That's something. All right, use the cats a kitten based proposal
That could do it. She is allergic to cats, but that's never stopped her before
Well, hey, we all have something to think about and don't confuse this with news. I have not proposed
Is just if I were to now I feel like
These these stories going viral is fucking it up for all the people who might propose at some point
Go full the game
Do the plot of the of the movie the game
That seems like a lot of work
Sees allergic and got two cats. Yes 100% I had the same reaction when she wanted them
but now
No regrets
It's hard to tell if the cats regret it because they still are terrified of us, but um, kendall and I at least don't
A b-base proposal
Exclamation point idea to send me your proposal ideas
That does still work actually it still populates the list
Is that coming out at some point you're the thing you're gonna make on youtube it is
It's just taken me a million years to make it
Unsurprisingly
I hear a small army of devon panera impersonators fill restaurants with them then grab a table
And propose giggle trash
Of the ideas thing doesn't work you fucking liar case. Damn it. It's not even working
Nevermind explanation point ideas doesn't work currently. We'll fix that at some point. We'll fix it when I finally finish the video
Okay, uh looks like we have a request to go to the streets, which we haven't done recently
So let's send it down to trip
Who i'm assuming is standing by he always is he's just you know perched waiting
Ready to do his thing
If you have another segment that you want us to do we'll get to that
Um, and then we'll get out of here for the day at some point, but for now it's time for trip on the streets
Yes, everyone
That's right
Finally back in action
It's your boy trip radstein
ha ha
cleaning off my glasses so I can
See all the faces of these people that may or may not want to talk to me
exclamation point trip is how you send me an id
uh
Or as I like to call them an opinion
Then I will find that opinion out here on these streets and ruthlessly
Interrogate it in the way that only an incisive on the street reporter like myself can
Is there a gas pump behind trip?
Oh, yeah, they put in some fucking station some like tourist station
I can't even I tried to put a camera in there and I there's not even one in there and the attendant isn't around
But if the attendant ever is around
I'm gonna give him a piece of my mind
An electric charger for what this is a pedestrian street. That's why I'm always on it
So I don't understand
I don't understand a goddamn thing that they're trying to do here
anyway
Who's out here today?
What the hell am I on the wrong side?
Looks like we do have a fresh opinion
And coming out onto these streets
Let me just adjust
Let me just move my body body slightly
This will take just a second. Just gotta move my body a little bit
One second while I adjust
My perfect body while you send these opinions in
Don't be shy. Send me those opinions. What the fuck? Why is this so confusing?
A second don't worry
Everything's gonna be all right
That seems right
That seems more correct
I can talk like that. Don't worry. Uh, yes you there. My name is trippy b. Do you have any?
Opinions for
Me
Uh-oh
Small chance our opinion shit is totally busted, but let's find out. Hopefully it's not
Yes, you there here. Let me help you simplify
What let me help you simplify. Let me help you
Simplify
Simplify what let me help you simplify
I'd well in what sense
Let me help you. Okay
With what let me help you simplify. All right. All right. Thanks for your opinion
Oh
Blob elvie is banned. I don't know what that guy's deal was
But I was not loving the cut of his jib
Scooting over a little bit
Opinion kick to the streets. We've got so many opinions ready for me
The next guy better clean up his act because I don't know what that that was the deal that guy was
Um, yes you there. You've got opinion for me. It is in fact
Trippy b
I will you sign my petition
To have one of those big
bottom chain shackles attached to
Um to cram
And drop him into the into the dirtiest river
Would you sign that?
Oh, yes, I'll sign that. Oh great. Let me just let me just pull it up. Have a
Can you sign this
Competition can you sign this?
Dad laprican thank you so much for the 23 months
I think you'd all the subs today in case needs to make sure he thanks everyone by the end of the stream because he might have failed to do that earlier
What am I supposed to do with what am I?
this is a
Wanted Jinbei coaster
This is a petition
To throw crumb into the dirtiest river signed by no one
It's a used
filthy
Coaster cork coaster
So you don't want to sign it? Well, what where are I doesn't how's that a petition?
Okay, thank you for your time
All right
I would have signed it. I was honestly excited to sign it
But I don't know what the fuck he was talking about
Okay, yes you there. You've got an opinion for me. It is still trippy b
Rob
Rob, I do know it's you
Rob you can put off talking all you want
But I feel like it's 100 definitely you
Rob
Rob I looked he looked this dewy. It's me. You didn't actually know though. You were confused
I could tell it was you right away from your shifting, but I was horrifying face
I've been Santa Claus from coming near my household
Have you heard about this behavior?
Um
Yours or Santa Claus's you say seeing you when you sleep and he's knowing when you're awake. Have you heard about this?
You from the song
Have you heard about it? Yes. Yeah, of course
Huh, I got news from him though. I I and I handed him a restraining order
So best of luck
Best of luck now you piece of shit. I will see you die
I will see you die Santa Claus. What you're doing is it's been fucked up for so long
But I'm on the case now
Also your band
Your band too
Do you accept?
How does that work rob?
You know, we've been over this too many times, but how does that work if I have to accept you don't have but I'm asking if you do
You don't have to accept
In fact, you have no choice, but do you accept?
Yeah, yeah, Rob. I'm banned. I knew it. I knew you were and Santa is too and he will die. Bye
all right
It's about par for the course
Yes, you there. I am still trippy b. What's your opinion for me?
This is a stick up. Give me all your oil tankers and trump gold cards. Um, sorry, are you serious? I don't see a weapon. That's there
I got one
I don't have any oil tankers and I
Have an American citizen. I don't think I need a trump gold card. You have a death wish
I will
I will kill you
That's a serious threat to make
Give me uh, give me give me that
Could you be a little more intense about this if you're actually trying to rob me?
Give me all your money
I don't want money. I want oil and I want gold cards
Are you trying to get sympathy out of me right now? Please? Give me you do you have no one have a choice? Please?
Oh, no, I feel sick
You made me sick. Are you robbing me or not? Yeah
Yeah
You made this awful never mind
Honestly
Great. Well, I made it out of that one safe and sound. I guess somehow. Uh, yes you there. Let's just keep it rolling next opinion
Please I see a line
I'm on an e-bike. I need to charge get the fuck out of the way
Uh, whoa, will you roll up very smoothly? I am in a hurry
Come on
Move
Move it. Come on
I'm in a hurry move
Go around me. Oh
Because this is your road. This is the old this is this guy's road everybody
Move it. I'm standing. I'm just stand look. I move slightly to the side. That's not enough
Move more
Oh my god, fine. I will go back. No
Wait, we said no no
Are you asking?
Move. Okay. I'm look
You got plenty of room
Waste of time wasted my time
Why is everybody's being so obstinate today, but they're not committing to it at all
Sorry, I'm curious if something works
It doesn't work. Okay
Chet don't use any of the redeems
They got all fucked up somehow. We'll figure it out later
Anyway, um, who's next? Who's next out here on these streets?
Who's got an opinion for me?
Still trippy b. You know what it is
Don't act like you don't know what it is
Hello
Hey trip. Um, I'm Hank on show the bush manager sent me over. I think
He said you're okay and you turned to your bush. Well
But I need to give you a heads up
Okay with a pistol side for bugs
It is not how these are supposed to look trip
With a pistol side for bugs and animals and stuff tomorrow at 10
Sorry, I said the wrong thing. What are you talking about?
I need to give you a heads up. I have to spray your bush. You got to drench it. I got to coat it
Okay. Oh god. What is happening behind you? Don't worry about that right now
This isn't about that
Feel like I'm hallucinating
Look
Tomorrow at 10. Okay. I need you to I need you out of your bush for the day. All right
I gotta make it wet
Is that safe for the bush and concho that's that's me if you need anything
I don't have I have a lot of people to talk to on this street
A lot of bush folks that I've got I wouldn't form about this. So I do need to go. Well
I live in that bush. Well, I think I'm being pretty reasonable about this all things considered
Because I'm a big fan
Well, really? Okay. I can maybe she can convince them to fuck off then because it's my bush
I'm setting it. I'm not leaving that bush. Now. I'm gonna stand in front of it in a wet suit
Making me invincible to what they plan to do
Yes, you there. What's your opinion for me?
CEO of being energy here
Okay, big fan. Wow. You've maybe had some work done
I'm asking for a round of funding to produce an AI beverage to quench the thirst of AI masses. Can I have five dollars?
Are you just a
Nair du Welteen trying to
Fuck with me right now. No, I'm a 48 year old CEO of an energy company
That's got a big time business plan
And I look like this because
When you stay energetic you stay young
That's our catchphrase
For what?
For our shirts not for the drink the drink says
Bug and with an exclamation point. That's the name of the energy drink
Can I have five dollars?
The name of your energy drink is bug exclamation point
Look, it's we're aiming for a younger audience and they're gonna love it because
What it's just called bug and the weed and the trick is you don't explain it
Anyway, I'm 48 years old. I am homeless. Wow. What that's all changing right now starting with you
You can just have five dollars. You don't have to do all this
Oh really?
I mean, it's for the business. It is for the business
And I will take it
And I've taken it
And I'm investing it
Really good. You're good. Uh, good money. Stop. Good money time
Good money time. Fuck that was a teenager, wasn't it?
Just two more opinions
And that's all that's all we need. Yes, you there. What have you have for me? I am drippy bee
Peter teal here to just to lecture you about the antichrist peter
You've done too much ketamine. What?
No, um, um, uh, what?
Peter
You're deep in a k-hole and you think you're a flower. No, I am a flower
I've abandoned my human body, um
Because
Flesh is a cage
We're escaping
If flesh was a cage, why would you become a plant? It's all the same, man
It's all just energy. You ever riddle a vinaigrette? Okay. Uh, Peter, you just gotta go rest up. Okay
Uh, big fan, and you don't need to be just one more. This one seems like a
Real go-getter and and a reasonable fella. What's your opinion? I'm trippy bee. Uh, hello
Um, pleasure to meet you
Um
Okay, what um
Um
I'll talk to him. I'll talk to anybody llama. Oh, thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, are you saying? Yeah, you're just making a llama noise. Yeah, you guys spit. I spit too
What's going on with me?
One second, please
Jesus
Don't worry about all that chat. We'll fix that later
I'm covered in llama spit. I'm gonna call it there. Um, thank you guys so much for the opinions
I'm a big fan
That is all the time we have for now. We're gonna send it back up off of these streets to
I don't know more news or something and then we're gonna get the fuck out of here for the day
But I won't actually be going anywhere. I will still be out here on these streets 24 7 never stopping to keep all of you
Entertain would be the wrong word, but actively opinionated. That's right. See you soon. Bye. Bye
Bye
Okay, things aren't working quite as intended or they are
Man, my hair has seen better days
It's hot in the studio, I guess
Uh, who are you?
Lam label
Lam libel
Jeff did you send a fucking
Papito, did you send a did Jeff send it?
What?
Did Jeff send a llama instead of him? Yeah. Yeah, he did. Is that a problem?
I guess not
We don't have any more news even we just don't have a different segment to do
So you don't even need to do anything llama
Llama, I just this we don't have news. I don't know why you sent it over here. Okay
Okay, there maybe there's a story I didn't click on
um
Here you go
Here look here's a story about twitter. All right. Are you does that do it for you?
Uh, you could talk on the streets. How come you can't talk up here?
All right, we're just gonna send it to munch and crumb. They don't have a debate
But uh, we're gonna end with that. We'll munch and crumb it and then we'll get out of here for the day
It's time for munch and crumb
That's right
It's
The most guy
Where's his camera going? There we go
Stay on me camera
We all think it llama
Just says it I wish I could debate that llama, but unfortunately
Uh, I have a creature here who just spits nothing but shit instead of hot llama. Lugies is crumb. Was that even an insult?
It's one of your worst ever
No, you're all you spit is shit instead of hot llama Lugies
Just what why would it be positive if I spat llama?
Interesting even for you
That's sucked
Well you saying it sucks mean that it
Trying to think the opposite of suck. Yeah, but blowing is also cool. So
Anyway, your piece of shit
Don't even try anymore. You used to mean it when you told me how you wanted me to die
Now I don't feel any of that fire and vigor from you. You've been drained your soul is empty
What no, I still hate your fucking guts. I don't don't feel that I feel like that I feel like your passion is gone
I fucking despise you. Are you kidding me? I would kill you right now with a sword. I don't even believe you
Don't even believe you
Wow, I'm gonna murder you. I'm gonna actually kill you
What the fuck? Why is the camera all the way over there?
You're playing with fire
Okay, something is slightly off today. I just can't put my finger on it
There it is
I figured it out. I think that yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Back to normal
I don't know what happened
We need to get crumb on the nearest oil tanker. Okay folks
No need to be
So cruel
Why is everything? Yeah, I gotta fix this. This is gonna bother me
Um, do you even know how to fix anything on this? He's shaking his head. No that he doesn't
So I will actually do the fixing in that case
I think I see the problem
Um, okay. I think I think I see the problem
Surely I see the problem
Okay
There and that should do it
Should be fixed now
Wait, I forgot what we were even fixing. I never actually cared
Are you see?
Yes, now there's a large graphic that we can't
See? Correct. Okay. Uh, we don't actually have a debate
Chat didn't request one. I think case didn't know what to do with himself. So we send it over here
Uh, but I for one
You know, if there's no debate, I don't have to debate it. Well chat can think of a debate for us. Okay
It's not that hard. We're asking them to do it
If it's so easy, why don't you think of a debate?
Yeah, like um, what the fuck?
Is that even odd? I don't know. Um
Debates are easy to think of uh
You're not I'm just thinking at my own pace. Actually, I've learned from many billionaires
That it's important to pause a ton whenever you're asked any question
I didn't even learn that I'm one of the original billionaires who came up with that when you're asked to
What you do is you sort of mumble for 30 to 40 seconds and then you give a non answer
So you can't think of a debate. Um
Are you gonna respond?
It's interesting
That's something that we've definitely been thinking about and our plans are to to do one and um
And it's important to think of stuff like that
What are you doing right now? Billionaire mindset, baby. This is how you get there
I'm gonna respond to everything like a billionaire today
Because I've been one so many times you're not currently
Currently, I'm actually so invested that my money is completely untraceable in a sense. You could say I have no money
But I actually have more money than anyone. That's the trick
Are you broke now? You're broke
You're fucking broke. Oh my god. Did you
Did you get shooted? Did you did the zombies stop filling your coffers? I'll pay you money
I do have concepts of a plan. I have a lot of concepts
Look, we have my idea was olive garden versus savage garden. No, you read that. That's subreech. I can see the chat too
Bidets versus garden hoses
That's giggle trash
Do I need a loan? I need to you'd loan me some patience
For all of these actually, sorry. I forgot I'm responding like a billionaire. Yes, I do
Give me one. I don't need one, but I'll take one
I am actually very rich
Said says you says all of the money that I talked to
I kind of like the day for his garden hose
Could we remove the was crumb ugly as a baby debate if we're not doing that?
No, it's a nice reminder that you are that you were a hideous child
It was too it was actually 50 50 that I was an adorable child
If any, I think the stream got blocked
But for the record it
You know, if it's blocked nobody even knows it if I won or lost
Yeah, you were a hideous, but we already did this one. We did this one on Monday and you turned out. Yes, obviously
Disgusting you discussed us
um
anyway
Hair versus bald
Hair for sure. Let's do water hose versus bidet
What why do you like that one so much because bidets are a waste of money? You can run a hose into your bathroom
No, that's gonna make a huge mess. Are you?
I thought you meant like just a water hose versus a bidet general use then I would be on the water hose aside
But you mean a water hose too clean your ass with a bidet is just a shitty water hose less powerful
Less flexible all you got to do to use a water hose is yell out to the yard to the yard guy
Who's working in your yard and say yo turn it up turn it down just run the hose through your window
Okay, I will be on the side of the bidet I guess in that case
Bros before hose, ha ha ha wait. Is that against me?
um
In what sense
That's another really great point card king. I will be using that in the debate
Come can you make the debate? I'm not sure if we actually have a mod around today
Uh, well, you're also really impatient. So you could just wait
There you go. That's horrible. I hated waiting
Of course you did because you're an awful guy that wants to clean his ass
With a water hose that you run from the yard. I'm saying compared to a bidet
Why are you gonna waste all the money you got to bring a plumber whatever over and figure it out
You watch a youtube video on how to install that shit and it always makes the shape of the toilet slightly wrong
What do you know?
It's you can you can there's no sort of easy install bidets you can use nowadays and you run it out of the same
Water pipes that you poop into no, that's not how toilets work. You're just an idiot
No, what you can drink out of the fountain out of the hose
Kids do it all the time adults should do it all the time
That water is clean and ready to clean out your dirtiest part
Which is of course your rancid rancid rancid butthole
Rank and rancid butthole ranc and rancid look everybody's got a stinky smelly ass
And you really want to shoot a hose out of your toilet into that ass to clean it
No, you want a separate device from the outside
Cleaner than your butt that you can with maximum force
Douse the whole asshole with and to card king's point you can fuck certain hoses
What wait what was the last part look that's my time
You just said you can what hose are you fucking it's got to be a huge hose obviously but
Look if a day is just I don't even need to say anything if it's for cleaning your ass
You don't want to trail a hose all the way in from outside
You got to leave your window open all the time
You then you're gonna have to have a helper
Turn the hose on and off for you. It's gonna half the time flood your bathroom
You're gonna absolutely soak your pants
Like what are your pants a mile away from you when you poop?
I take my pants off when I poop and I throw them across the room and I have a huge bathroom
So I got a big play area I can use
I could use any kind of water device to clean my ass. That's how much room I have in my luxury condo
condo
But I didn't move into a condo because
Technically renterton became
Is in a permanent state of emergency and the streets are filled with murderous zombies, but it's a nice condo
Man, you are broke. You think a condo you ain't owning a condo make that's it's I should call the penthouse
Well the point is the winner was today
Today's my bidet
It's a much more reasonable thing to clean up your bottom with
All going in the sun
You're just look sometimes my opinions are ahead of the curve
I understand that so maybe some of the wolves and chat aren't even ready to hear this
But if you want an actually clean cleaning up butthole that you could
Stick it on a plate and then eat off that plate
What you could rub your butthole on a plate and then eat off that plate
That's how clean your butthole is if you want to butthole that clean
You got to use a full-force hose, but daze is not gonna cut it
You were in me where nasty little creatures you got to get a hard pressure wash going on that hole or it's still dirty
Your twisted tails just give you a day is just fine. Um
I'm Leonard crumb be believe you do the things
I won't deny that
Bottoms can be dirty, but um, it's more important actually that you clean it in the shower
I take a bigger problem is most men are aflate are afraid to actually touch their butthole with soap
See the wave form it's I'm not even close. No, he just gives high pressure. You high pressure water and you take it
You take it like a powerful man
Wait, do you just like the force of water on your ass?
Is this just more latent homophobia from you and you're mad and you're too afraid to admit that you enjoy anal pleasure
I'm not some stick in the mud. I can fully admit that I could enjoy anal pleasure. Do I that's between me and my home
You clearly do
My point is that the cleaning ritual it's not a full force
Anal orgasm machine
It's not gave it from a hose. Well anal
Play in its nature doesn't reflect one's base sexuality
I most men are just ashamed to receive stimulation
I don't like where this is headed
I'm just saying broaden your horizons
There's a whole world of pleasure if you're willing to drop some of your preconceptions
That's right. I play with my butt. I fucking knew it. Yeah, I'm not afraid to admit that
You see what I do. I got a lot of butt toys. I think I nailed that out
If that bother you it bothers me because it's you
You can get a lot of fun ones
A lot of fun shapes
It would be nothing against it
For other people
You should not be allowed to do this or tell us about it
You don't have to even use your toy
If you clean the right vegetables. Oh my god, how do we get here?
We did
You were leading the conversation in this direction so that you could tell us this. I fucking knew it
You try to make me out to be all
Regressive. No. I'm regressive specifically to you is why we can't bring up sex
You're gonna somehow make it about you
I think we're out a little too ashamed of our bodies
And I just think we should be more often to talking about open to talking about
I don't know
Sitting on a bed knob every once in a while sitting on a bed knob. Look at the right shaped bed knob
Sure, it's like you clean it after you shit on your bed knob
Especially, you know, there's not a lot of room on the bed. Okay. We're gonna actually call it for the day
That is all the time we have
That's it
I'm gonna say I won. I feel like I actually won that
We all as usual lost something today
But I feel like spiritually
I'm the victor I did win and I do think you need to be more comfortable with your body. I am
maximum discomfort
From this from you. It's from you. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Okay
That'll do it we will call it there for today
So that I can prep for the return
Kendall she's coming back. She's not going forever. She's coming back. Don't worry. I wasn't worried
Did you think she wasn't coming back?
What if she likes the steak too much and she never returns?
In the philadelphia steaks
Yeah, what if there's too good to pass up on?
But I guess you weren't a very good partner case
Damn
I'm just spitting facts right now
I'm gonna make the noises of these buttons
That's the kind of noises they would make
But it's weirdly silent in here. I think it's very quiet looks old and weird. You're the one who got it
That's true. I don't know how to use it though. Well, that makes two of us
All right, let's see who's on who wants a raid
She's coming back loco puppet. She'll be back tomorrow. I have to pick her from the airport
me
Let's raid
Sir lar I guess unless anybody
Um has anybody on
pay money wubby
in honor of his
Gym stream. I mean we could always raid will
But he just is you know, he's he's doing just fine
He doesn't need it
Not that anybody needs a raid for me
Raz raz is on we haven't read raz in a while. I don't follow raz. Maybe we'll raid raz instead
Raz
Raz isn't on this is a different raz
Any other uh foot sucking streams we can raid in honor of pay money wubby
um
Sasha gray is being recommended to me by my
Browsing thing on twitch raz lul. Okay
Well clearly I don't follow him. There he is
What our numbers guys out and now that has been fixed
Okay, we'll raid raz we found it
Sasha yeah entourage and Sasha gray is on
Is what is that an HBO original from the early 2000s? You've seen it. Of course I haven't
How do you know this stuff then pepito? I don't know
I'm maybe I'm being puppeted by some demonic spirit. I am a dog
Thank you all for hanging out with me
A cat
But pepito come on don't just I I am kidding. I'm a dog
That is a rock solid fact the ground between you the ground below you will not shift that intensely
I am always a dog
Okay, at least we have that it's the only thing you can count on in this world
Ock fact the girl. Oh, yeah, she wasn't is that a didn't some famous director make a movie with her
Yeah, it's uh, oh, that's a show also
It's a movie end of show
Well, anyway
Wait, I feel like if I type in Sasha gray the girlfriend experience, I'm gonna get something else
Who directed this?
Steve sodden Soderbergh. That's what I was trying to think of okay. Yeah, anyway, those are our Sasha gray facts for the day
But we're raiding razz actually so none of this is related to anything that's actually happening
So we all watch the girlfriend experience on stream live
Want me to google Sasha gray girlfriend right now? No, no, that's okay
Oh, that's okay. Okay good because I don't know how to google say hi to razz for me
You're probably already all gone. It was just a case raid
Uh, and we'll see you all later. Bye. Bye
Those are all button noises in case anyone's