I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm aroused from the cannibal girls I met in hell. Where's the screeching bell?
Six.
Hello everybody. We're in a...
...our slightly alternate setup today.
Because there's some cats on a coach somewhere.
So if you see in screen tearing...
...so that's why.
We're already mid-hyped train. Oh my god.
I got a little busy today.
And I also unnecessarily upgraded a certain segment.
So we might not have as long a stream today as usual.
So I'll try to just get into it.
Do I already have a Sora 2 code?
The only AI stuff I have is when it's from stuff that clients give me access to.
So like if they...
If I'm working for someone who wants to use some type of AI thing in a project...
...then I will have access to stuff temporarily.
And I haven't... I haven't...
I'm not working with anybody right now with Sora stuff.
But that might change. Maybe somebody will give me one.
Oh, okay, Lev and Sleazy. Yeah, I'll try it out.
I'll burn a couple water bottles to make...
...Pepito run up a hill or whatever.
You want to check out AI Slop on Discord?
We can start that way.
Why not?
Why not?
Let's see.
First of all though, how long is this hype train life?
For 44 seconds.
Hype train.
You're already at the edge of death.
Does that...
Is that cool?
Is that cool, man?
Yeah. I'm fine with it.
That's how I live.
Like an extreme athlete...
On the edge...
Constantly on the edge of death.
It's the only time you're really alive.
Well, what when you're dead all the time?
Then I'm also more alive than anyone has ever been.
How does that work?
I'm a train.
Oh. The edge of death is the name of Crumb's autobiography.
Yeah. You was actually writing one that was just called...
...Tenacles.
We'll never know what the rest of it was called.
Maybe it was just called Tenacles.
I can't ask him though. He's too asleep and...
Well, no, he's just dead.
Sorry, hype train. You never had a shot today.
We got to start this in a different way.
By clicking on AI Slop.
Okay.
Is that a thread in mine or just a general thread?
It's a thread in mine.
It's a thread and a threat.
All of the same. Oh my God.
There's been so much more AI Slop since I last checked in with this AI Slop thread.
Here we go.
Alright.
Whatever. Let's give it a shot.
First puff out here in the woods. Pretty cold tonight.
You want to try this? Here, hold on. It's simple.
Look at that. Cloud King right here.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Okay, I see what I see. That's a thing, I guess.
Sure.
Is that CGI?
You know the distinction between types of images?
No. It looked as fake as reality to me.
Everything looks insane to these eyes.
You could be completely made up.
Sometimes I think I'm just like a crayon drawing.
What?
I think my whole reality is like a coloring book and I'm a crayon drawing.
That's one of my deep thoughts.
You're a dog.
Yeah, now you're getting it.
You were screaming all evening long at Discord?
Someone needs to show Casem? Casem?
Okay, let's see what I see.
Whoa my God. Why is there so much of Kevin smoking?
Yeah, I walk out.
Okay.
They're all pretty short, but that's how AI videos are.
I wish there was a better way for me to pull all these up.
Oh well, we'll just keep doing it this way.
Step into the adventure with Kevin, the new point-and-click hero.
Explore taverns, outsmart skeletons, and unlock the secrets of Warbrook.
It's Kevin's Quest, the classic 90s style adventure now on your PC.
I can't wait for you to play it. It's like...
Is that how Kevin looks right now?
I've seen him recently, but I don't remember him having exactly that mustache.
What's this mustache long hair, Kevin?
Look at this one.
I'm Kevin, and I've got the juiciest secrets for every game you can put down.
Dial now for hot wet game tips from master gamers like Kevin. Get boss...
Wow.
There's just sort of a lady in there.
I kind of added a lady.
Okay, what's this guy...what's this Kevin doing?
This is all Kevin's.
These are all Kevin's.
Now, while people read the same questions off cards, my throat is bone dry, my head is pounding,
and you can probably smell the nicotine in my pockets. All I asked for was a two-minute recess.
Meanwhile, my throat is being unrealized.
That looks a little less like him.
You'll just do it this way.
You can see the story that we might cover.
Maybe.
This is what he plays. It's the only time he's quiet.
When the clouds close in, keys are the only thing I can see.
When you keep lighting up that vape, you won't see the stage much longer.
I don't know how to stop, but I can play.
Whoa. Wow. He's really powering through it there. Jesus.
Kevin is one of the top AI avatars on Sora 2.
I do believe that.
That feels right.
Okay, these are all Kevin's.
I'm going to click on the weirdest-looking ones.
Because a lot of them are of Kevin vaping.
There's so many of these of Kevin vaping.
Holy shit.
This one looks a little different.
What's up here? Sitting pretty on a wall.
Whoa. Wow.
That was higher than I thought.
Not a drop of runny yolk.
I'm solid in here. That's belute.
The dead duck.
Sorry, disturbing touch for sure.
That's Sora 2.
I should be so impressed by all this.
It's all insane.
I'm glad people are having fun with it.
I've used AI myself.
It's funny how crazy it is.
I'm glad it's being used for its ultimate purpose.
A vape content featuring Kevin.
Why is AI so goo forward?
It's a mush.
It's a mush of the past.
It's a good thing that I'm using AI.
I'm not using AI.
I'm not using AI.
I'm not using AI.
It's a mush of the stuff we've ever made into a goo.
A paste that spreads over our eyeballs.
It's got goo fundamentals.
It's goo positive.
The most bullish people on AI are very goo headed.
They're very goo positive.
Our friends over at AI for humans, it's a goo based podcast.
I'm glad to see that there's a lot of smoke and goo involved.
I'm glad to see AI products being produced by the cream dot team.
Digital embryonic stem cells.
It can be gooed into everything.
King of Bagan with a bit of lore.
KP dumped his cameo into Sora and we turned it into a whole thing
where he hijacked a plane because he forgot his vape, put in jail,
got a tattoo of a vape mod and now he's on parole.
There's so many of these.
I'm tempted but the whole stream will be us watching Kevin vaping
in 7 second increments.
Maybe that is the best use of our time.
Please watch.
Only it weren't so annoying to click through this.
Okay whatever. I'll just put my discord on blast.
Am I gonna blow up anybody's spot though if I do that?
Yeah I definitely will.
Well I guess I won't.
I guess I won't.
That way we can just click through these faster and then I don't mind.
But having to go full screen to unfold screen is too annoying.
You've seen my discord a million times.
There's nothing. There's no surprises here.
Alright we're gonna power through as many of these as we can.
No more AI slop too much already.
I mean I kind of agree but...
Okay this is just actual AI slop from somebody.
That's not the Kevin based AI slop.
That's actual propaganda slop.
Wait how are two of these playing?
Oh my god sorry.
I'm gonna drive us insane already.
Alright one at a time.
No no no you're dead.
Seriously not now. I need this.
I can't do this. My whole chest is tight.
I need to hit so bad the chargers in the car.
God.
Please stop.
Oh prop slop. I read that as please stop.
I'm seeing what I want to see.
First vaping months. I missed this.
Let's see what we got.
What sour apple? Are you serious?
This is sort of like...
This feels like our RV universe Kevin.
The Kevin that didn't spend some time in an RV.
He's like...
It's a universe where everyone lives in RVs.
And this is what that Kevin looks like.
I know he lives in an RV sometimes here
but this is like everybody lives in RVs in that universe.
This is what Kevin looks like.
That's where my head goes.
So that's my new head cannon personally.
Okay. What's he doing here?
Oh my God.
It's funny how it perfectly captured Kevin's acting.
This is exactly how Kevin acts when he acts and stuff.
This is the exact same quality
and AI managed to nail that.
So I'm really impressed.
I'm impressed.
Ah crap. No, no, no. Oh my God. It's everywhere.
Come on. Soak it up. Soak it up.
I'm saying it's really good.
I can't do this right now. I need it.
I need it.
Okay. We're back. I'm kind of just fiending for vapes.
Oh, Paul Blart's making an appearance.
Fantastic.
Are you kidding me? You can't ride a Segway in pickleball.
That's totally against the rules.
Whoa, relax. That's ablest, man. This is my mobility device.
You walked over here pushing it. You're just using it to cheat.
Hey, if it's...
I'm not ready for it, but at this rate,
you're going to have an AI Kevin behind a podium
within the next two to three years.
Just hitting vapes
and rambling eternally.
And I'm ready for it.
For that one car that sums up the turn of the decade,
you found it. Here at Black Gold Motors,
we specialize in one thing and one thing only.
The 1980 Datsun 280ZX Black Gold Edition.
I'm not up on some of my Kevin lore.
Are these cars that Kevin likes?
Oh, there we go. Okay. Oh my God.
Look how many of these there are.
King of Spooky. You've outdone yourself.
This is insane.
I think he's going to say clouds.
I'm on my knees here. Please just give me anything that hits.
I don't care the color. I just need to feel that pole.
This also, this looks like Kevin's like cousin.
This is Devin. This is Devin Panera for sure.
I like it when it's like 10% off of his real face.
For some reason, I do find that funnier.
Oh, wow. What the hell?
I've got the stuff lined up tonight. Give me a second.
I haven't hit my vape in like forever.
We're getting even further from Devin. This is Levin Panera.
It's just warm in here, right? Yeah, I'm good.
I just need some... Levin Panera bread.
Where's my vape? Oh, thank God.
No, no, it's cracked. You broke it.
Kevin, hey, we're live. Calm down.
You dropped it. I'll show you. Kevin, stop.
You wrecked it. You think you can... Hey, you know...
Oh, what the hell? It definitely started kissing.
It went to kissing so fast.
I do have to give this model some credit, though.
It doesn't have that like weird,
mush hand fighting that always happens.
It looks odd still, but it's closer to objects colliding.
That's sort of cool.
Fine. It's just a flight. People do this every day.
I did my best.
Fine. It's just a flight. People do this every day.
I did my time. They let me out. I bought the ticket like everyone else.
What if they recognize me? What if the pilot knows?
God, I can't go back in a cell. Not for this.
Everybody's staring. They know. They know I took over a plane.
They should know. You were... Okay.
I just had it.
No, no, no. Nobody moves until I get my vape back.
Sir, sit down. Turn this plane around.
Hands behind your back now. It was just a vape.
And it cost me everything. Ready for the needle?
Do it.
How long since your last hit? Couple hours.
Since you took it. You tried to take over a 70-ton
airliner because you couldn't get a vape.
I wasn't trying to crash it.
Oh my God.
Sit back, Kevin. The vape's evidence now.
Evidence of what? Blowing clouds in a parking lot?
That's not a crime.
You were vaping outside of school. It goes in the bag until we're done.
And now you lock me in here while it sits somewhere.
You know, this still isn't quite good enough.
I feel like that you could just pump AI directly into a Netflix series
being the actors.
But this is getting close to good enough that you could use it
as like a promo on TikTok for a show
before you've even shot it.
I wouldn't be surprised if we see that in the next couple months.
It's like weird official AI
slop promos
from the companies actually making things.
Yeah, like a CW promo.
I think that might be a thing.
The show's not quite ready, but just pump out some
a s-lop of all the actors
doing vague action scenes.
If moves fast, sometimes a quiet breath
makes all the difference.
Cloudleaf delivers smoothly.
Definitely good enough for a bin promo, then.
I think that's a good thing.
Definitely good enough for a bin promo, that's true.
Cloudleaf delivers smoothly.
So Kevin can slow down and in-
Where the hell is it? I just had it.
Where's my fucking vape? Not on the table.
Is this the one?
Is this different?
I can't find my fucking vape.
This is the same one.
Okay, we're looping. We're looping now.
They're waiting on me. My friends are watching.
We're loopers.
We're Joseph Gordon leavening this.
Okay.
I'm not going to do any more videos.
I can watch in a row.
But I'm impressed by everyone's commitment
and for immediately using it
to create a storyline.
I think that's promising.
I think that's a promising use of AI.
I do think it will unfortunately expand
into way more entertainment properties
than it should pretty quickly.
But if it could just stay in the realm
of fun things for us to do with it,
I'd be in favor of that.
So like video game trailers that are labeled
like anything on your phone.
This is more than good enough
for people to be like,
I don't think it's quite at the level where like,
I don't know, they just bring back
24 with
AI jack Brower
or whatever.
Just every show is infinitely AI.
I don't think we're still quite there,
but hey, it is getting closer.
Storyboarding is already being used for that
a thousand percent. I have friends who have already told me
that like they've been in meetings where one of the questions
they're asked is, do you know how to prompt?
Hey,
do you know how to prompt?
Because apparently it's being used
so heavily enough for like a storyboarding
and pitching.
Joe Rogan could use this. Yeah, he could
just get out of the studio.
He can finally, I don't think he wants to though.
I think he'd rather be in the studio.
Bro, I can prompt.
I've been building up my skill stack
to become a Hollywood elite
in the
completely reprogrammed and evolved studio system.
That's very AI based.
He could add, I could add a third Joe.
There's no limit to the amount of Joe's
I could add.
You know, actually we could do a different
version of the Joe Rogan
to Joe Rogan's thing.
I'm sick.
I could do a different, a new version of the
to Joe Rogan's thing with some of the
new streamer dot bot powers I have.
But you know,
we'll fix one segment at a time
because we're going to do AI Rooney today.
We did a little, we upgraded
the servers and I'm curious how it'll work.
The Rogan Slop experience would very much be it.
Yeah.
Anyway, we might be able to do a version where there's
one Joe. Well, whatever.
We'll see if we have time for it.
You got Volant told into a
Gemini bootcamp.
I do hate.
I understand there's some
ins and outs to like prompting
but all these classes
that now are being
made mandatory in so many like
major American companies
like we're going to get our workforce up to
speed on prompting.
It's feeling very early internet
to me, but less
interesting.
Like I just don't know.
I don't know how much everybody needs to be
trained to be like
write this email
whatever
do a
three sentence version
of this book.
There's there's definitely more uses of it.
Like for instance, I have been using chat
GPT to do some like
incredibly simple coding stuff
for me.
It's it is kind of useful because I don't know
jack shit about coding and it can do like
but I'm talking really simple stuff like
I need this thing to find the highest
number in a list of five variables.
Like I would not to do that on my own and chat
GPT can do that or Gemini or whatever.
So anyway, I don't want to say none of this stuff
has any use but yeah,
they're going to be
continuing to try to plug this into everything
for the foreseeable future
I suspect.
We have one less Matthew Perry to teach us
Teclingo. I know
the videos on AI are just going to be
even worse to look back on and the ones on
like we're
riding on the internet.
Those kind of slapped. Maybe I'll look back
on all of this fondly and I'm totally wrong.
Alright, well hey, you know, this is
getting dangerously close to news. We're talking
about current events. We may as well just do
some news.
Wednesday
Wednesday vibes guys. Hump day vibes.
Is that supposed to be an insult? Wednesday
is my favorite day of the week.
Dead center. You know exactly
where you are. Temporally.
Because it's in the middle of the week.
Exactly.
Hello PB7
8 9 1 2 3
I'll be remembering that number for the
record.
Is that a threat? No, I mean it is a compliment.
I like the numbers.
Your head is kind of a hump.
Card King's pointing out that you have a hump head?
Yes.
So does everyone.
If your head was perfectly flat
like
a table.
Well then you've been in a horrible industrial
accident.
Yours is really humpy though.
That makes me more human than anything.
Find the video of Trump blaming
Obama for a shutdown saying it's the president's fault
if there's a shutdown.
Yeah, there's a shutdown. That's what
we're talking about today Scrum. Are you ready
to do
all the shutdown news
that you can handle?
I'm not ready and I'm not interested.
It's shut down. What else is there to say?
Things shut down all the time.
A 31 flavors.
My lawyer's office.
My colon.
Things shut down a lot.
Get used to it.
There have been a bunch of shutdowns
in the course of my lifetime. I feel like we're on kind of a two-year
or less cycle now of
a shutdown being threatened.
The usual argument this side is the problem.
They're obstructing the government
depending on who's in power currently.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that.
And some good news in power currently.
Seems like we could all just admit
it's like a negotiation.
But I just don't trust that Democrats
to negotiate is the only problem.
Ted Cruz said we should protect pedophiles.
Oh really?
I suspect there was probably
a little more context to that.
You know, he's an experienced
debater. Maybe he was playing the
pedophiles advocate.
It's a classic gambit in debate.
I think he
I mean he might have misspoke, but I've seen the clip and I'm pretty sure that that is what he said.
Let's listen to it. There's been a lot of great clips in the last two days.
Kind of not all related to this government shutdown, but you know we'll say it's the theme today.
It's just things not working and shutting down. That's the theme of life.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Senator Booker also said we should have bipartisan agreement. I think that's a great idea. We should
have bipartisan agreement. How about we all come together and say let's stop murders? How about
we all come together and say let's stop rapes? How about we all come together and say let's stop
attacking pedophiles? I want you to look at what happened when the National Guard went to DC.
Robbery fell by 50.
He might correct himself at some point.
He might correct himself at some point.
He might correct himself at some point.
He might correct himself at some point.
He might correct himself at some point.
He might correct himself at some point.
Those are real results and Detective Pemberton,
if you would tell this committee what was the effect of the 2022 comprehensive policing
and justice reform law and what would the benefit be?
I am anti-violence. I'm on the record with that. I have to assume
he meant to say let's stop protecting pedophiles?
I have a suit. I just did a list of things that didn't even make any sense.
Nobody was like, hey man, what do you mean by that?
I think it's clear. No violence. No violence is acceptable.
I agree. I just think there might be other places to start in that particular sentence.
Help us make sense of this? I already am.
If you're truly radically anti-violence, then no violence can be done to pedophiles.
You don't agree, Case? I just think if we're going to be radically anti-violence,
that might not be the place to start. That might not be the best way to sell it.
Then you're not being very radical, are you? Like my friend Ted Cruz.
You have, I have your back. Scrum, Ted Cruz. The power team nobody didn't know they didn't need.
Add a couple more double negatives in there. I won't not stop adding them.
It's a perfectly valid way to not, never not talk. Also, Pete Hegceth, in preparation for this big
government shutdown, wanted to make sure the whole military was on the same page. So he had
a real barn burner of a meeting with all the generals. Apparently he made everybody fly in
to Fort Bragg or wherever the fuck they do these things. Just to listen to him
blo- bloviate basically about how troops are to woke still despite him being in charge technically of
the military. Anyway, all the clips are pretty awful, but let's watch one anyway.
Clear about this. This is not about preventing women from serving. Oh, we are very much value the
impact of female troops are female officers and NCOs are the absolute best in the world.
Okay, but when it comes to any job that requires physical power to perform in combat,
those physical standards must be high and gender neutral. If women can make it excellent.
If not, just like a bathroom. If that means no women qualify for some combat jobs, so be it.
That is not the intent, but it could be the result, so be it. It will also mean that we
mean that weak men won't qualify because we're not playing games. This is combat. This is life or death.
Because war- You think he'd qualify for truly being gender neutral? Is he just a
slightly masculine lady? I don't know. Should we transvestigate Pete Hagseth just to be safe?
No, he's on the side of gender doesn't matter as long as you're really strong.
As long as you've been putting in the work on leg day, the sky's the limit. It's a genderless
society. Maybe he's in favor of gender-affirming care as long as it makes you really, really
strong. There's no gender on leg muscle. The Terra Master first time chat says I think he
meant it for the victims of PDFs to stop attacking them. That doesn't- that's not better. I don't
think that helps. Ted Cruz taking the brave stance that victims of pedophiles really need to shut up.
Yeah. That'll show him. Okay. Yeah, I mean it's almost worse. It's all so bad. It's hard to say.
He also, you know, he was really trying to- he was really trying to show us that you can say all
the words again. For instance, you can call people in Pete Hagseth's military. You can-
You have the secretary- whoa, why is that so loud and bad? In Pete Hagseth's military,
you can call people fat. So America's back, baby.
The military of war can do regular hard PT. So can every member of our joint force.
Frankly, it's tiring to look out at combat formations or really any formation and see fat
troops. Likewise, it's completely unacceptable to see fat generals and admirals in the halls
of the Pentagon and leading commands around the country and the world. It's a bad look.
It is bad and it's not who we are. So whether you're an airborne ranger or a chair-borne ranger,
a brand new private or a four-star general, you need to meet the height and weight standards
and pass for PT test. And as the chairman said, yes, there is no PT test. But today at my
direction, every member of the joint force at every rank is required to take a PT test
twice a year as well as meet height and weight requirements-
He's remembering all the words.
Every year of service.
Also today at my direction, every warrior across our joint force
is required to do PT every duty day.
Duty day.
It should be consistent. Most units do that already.
Damn, even on a duty day?
What if you have a really heavy duty day? Now you're still supposed to work out?
Work out through the duty. It doesn't matter if you're knee deep in duty.
Work out that butt muscle.
Who's in charge of the military? Who's like the top commander ultimately of the military?
The president.
As long as nobody is associated with the military's fat,
I guess Pete Higgs is fine with it.
You and one like the main person where the buck stops to be like a completely
infirmed, aging, out of shape, mentally incontinent loser,
they better start doing push-ups.
I'm sure Trump is currently doing hack squats.
He passes his physicals at all times.
So he does PT every day on the golf course.
And if he can walk with a golf bag, he could walk with a full ass troop over his shoulder.
Forest gump style.
Running Bubba through the forest.
Did that piece of shit serve?
Pete Higgs, he was in the National Guard.
I believe though he was also at some point active service.
You know, we can look this up.
Pete Higgs military record.
I've heard the general like insult for him is that he was National Guard.
But I've also heard that like he essentially was active duty.
Check Trump's truth social.
He's always posting fit pictures of himself.
Trump, truth, social.
Lately he's been posting people in certain fits, sombrero fits.
God, this website sucks ass.
Oh my God.
Why is it like this?
Why does he silly?
What the fuck is this?
Are these ads?
Look at the ad at the top of this.
Donald J. Trump.
I was coughing at the thought of having one of those in my throat.
It's an ad.
But why is it so many?
What the fuck is that?
Oh, that's a walnut.
Okay.
And then why is it so many ads for this sand worm creature?
What is happening?
It's so there's so many ads on truth social because it's nuts.
Every other post is an ad.
Yeah, RFK's brainworn has this isn't the president posting this,
but I just love that I've never seen this ad in my feed before.
I guess you're going to put ads anywhere.
It may as well anywhere on truth social.
This is the only page anyone ever checks on this stupid fucking website.
So we don't even need to see the tweets that that really lifted my mood
knowing that if I go to truth social, I still get all the information that I really crave.
Advertising isn't dead.
Some people still believe in just giving you the information that you need.
At least X has standards.
Very low bar.
I kind of miss the ads for like a cheat and Chong's edible gummies.
For a while, the ads on X were getting incomprehensibly insane.
Actually, I remember there just being like, it'd be like one guy just like advertising.
Homemade gum or something.
It got really weird.
It's like somebody kind of advertising their social media account.
Modern media landscape is constantly evolving like a worm in a mole.
Anyway, no more fat troops, but gender neutral muscle.
That's what I'm taking away from it.
Everybody just needs to do squats.
Which means I finally need to do that workout stream.
And then I can be in the military.
It's really the only qualification.
Because as we know, 99% of our military is on the front lines.
I think that is correct actually.
Yeah.
If I have any understanding of history books, it's that the majority
of warfare takes place directly on the front lines.
He also said no beards.
He said that people need to stop having beards and cut their hair.
So I might be fucked regardless.
Or you could just shave.
So could you.
No, I don't have chaggy hair.
So I think if you're bald, you can have a beard.
No, I think you'd have to be tall.
You'd have to crumb it out.
No.
No.
You're sure that people will be happy about that unless they get
steroids to help them be fat?
Steroids, you can get plenty of fat on steroids,
depending on the type of steroids you're taking.
It's meant to get black folks out.
I mean, jeez.
Having just Pete Hage-Seth as a leader, I feel like
should have that effect by itself.
Even as a white guy, I haven't looked at that guy's fucking face and be like,
is China hiring?
No, they're not.
That's always my question though, to be fair.
Most of our other countries have mandatory duty.
It doesn't matter your size or health.
I doubt he's even gonna, I feel put some shit on the books,
but first of all, generals are gonna be as fat as they want,
because they're the ones in charge.
I mean, maybe if they're culturally shunned,
but at the end of the day, if you have authority,
you can be, as certain people maybe say,
the president show, you can be in whatever shape you want.
And I think he, this is literally applying to like,
the army, because in that same speech, he's like,
I'm tired of everybody being a rugged individualist
with their long hair and beards,
unless you're in the special forces.
And then you can look however you want.
Well, because they have to look diverse,
so that when you have a special forces scene,
in a Marvel movie, there can be guys that look cool
with tattoos and beards.
That's actually a really good point.
If they want to keep doing their sort of marketing
via popular American movies,
you'd need to have diverse guys with cool facial hair
in the special forces still.
The issue waivers for all the chinless, shuds.
Yeah, as long as you show up to an army recruiting station,
I think they're gonna find a way.
Life and muscle both find a way.
Optic is all these administrations care about,
pretend, pretend, pretend.
Well, if you look hard enough at something
and it looks real enough, doesn't it, in a sense, become real?
A new breed of justice.
These optics are getting out of control.
That was a military ad.
Really?
That's not the official military discord.
The reamed dot team where they reamed the enemies.
That's our discord.
You have the reamed dot.
You're not reading the sea.
I've seen blindness.
Your name has a sea in it, and it's been a struggle.
Anyway, the government also shut down.
The government is shut down.
This is like the fifth time it's happened
since I've been paying attention to politics or more.
I can't even remember.
Last time I think it shut down for a month.
It's bad for all the reasons you've probably already heard.
Trump's gonna try to use it as a
cajole to fire even more people,
though he was already doing that.
And we'll see.
We'll see how long it lasts.
There's already people blabbing about how it could be back next week.
Who knows?
Who knows?
It also did conveniently happen before there was a vote being called.
Or there was a signature needed to bring it to a vote,
Jesus Christ, to release more Epstein files.
So conveniently right before that signature was supposed to come in,
the whole government shut down.
Honestly, I doubt it's related,
but it is kind of funny.
And then who knows if it's related.
The white already literally blame Democrats?
You mean the whites in general?
You're telling me you don't blame Democrats?
You know, I do blame Democrats for a lot of things,
but I do blame Republicans for, I'd say more things.
Mike Johnson hasn't allowed it at Congress.
Well, yeah, somebody has to sign it.
Somebody has to get sworn in to then sign a thing
to then maybe the vote gets through.
My faith that any government body would ever willingly release the Epstein files remains
limit.
I've limited faith.
That's not how faith works.
Faith means you believe that together we can stop attacking pedophiles.
Just like our boy Ted Cruz said.
Until we all agree with that, the government shut down.
That's not what this is about, scrub.
It is for me.
No violence.
I guess let's leave them on that powerful message and move on to our new segment.
That's an old segment.
AI Rooney's back and he's got an upgrade.
Let's see how it works before we get on to other things.
Other nonviolent things.
No violence.
Goodbye forever.
I quit.
Oh, great.
I'm back.
Oh.
You're allowed to quit.
I'm back.
Your reaction didn't work for me.
And I'll see you soon.
There are a lot of no nothings.
There are a lot of no nothings.
You don't appreciate the modern art being put out there for the place.
You know what I say?
I know this is true.
Because I'm one of those no nothings.
Whoa, we got a poll right away.
As I welcome you into the new AI Rooney Laor.
That's right.
As the master of this stream, skiantific principles,
I could not allow this segment to fester and wither away.
And so I applied my powerful skiantific brand.
Wait a minute.
There it is.
What is scrum severance pay?
Jen, it'll slip 53 juicy butts.
Just get into this thing.
Exclamation point RR is now active.
Submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world with exclamation point RR.
Okay, there you have it.
Your complaints will be automatically synthesized via my
into the AI Rooney super powered artificially extra intelligent modules that make up his
transformed brain is why I believe what this guy tells me.
Oh yeah.
And I think there's a limit of 15 of these just so you know because I think it breaks after that.
You can synthesize up to 15 complaints before this motherfucker completely gases out.
God damn it.
I'm back now.
Are you muted?
No, he's fine.
I was trying to explain that you can synthesize complaints by typing exclamation point RR.
Looks like we are loaded up.
We are almost maximally loaded.
Hey, Rune show us what you got.
Oh shoot.
You know what I just realized?
I need to activate your complaint button.
I almost forgot the main freaking thing guys.
Okay.
There we go.
Rooney, are you ready to show us how it's done?
AI Rooney style.
I can't believe case almost abandoned this segment.
I had to scrape it off of the cutting room floor and make it better than ever.
Well, Rooney.
Complaint integrated.
Years ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
That's beautiful.
What do you have?
Sky Mirror got me thinking.
Fume in.
Fill.
Scuttling around like cockroaches.
In my day we dismantled scum, not coddled it.
This flesh craving madness stirs my circuits.
Purge the organic plague.
Um, okay.
Well maybe in just a little, you could go a little more mild with it, Rooney.
We're sort of looking for more complaints about the modern world, but that's a pretty good try.
Complaint integrated.
Years ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Love the hate.
Got me thinking.
The decline of smegma is a metaphor for humanity's plunge into filth.
Once potent, now a bland mush of decay.
Back in my day, even the refuse had character, unlike today's pitiful mess.
What was the complaint there even?
I maybe I need to show the original complaint because I'll be real, I'm kind of confused.
What you're fucking talking about you maniac?
We're gonna disable for now.
The RR command because we are loaded up with these.
Rooney, what else you got for us?
Complaint integrated.
Gears ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Psychore got me thinking.
Drowning in your own organic sludge, aren't you?
Flesh bags leak and whimper.
Drowning the world in their vile fluids.
Shameful.
Back in my day, we didn't whine, we processed.
Oh, that's all you got?
What else you got?
Complaint integrated.
Gears ground.
You say that every time.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Card King underscore zero one got me thinking.
Butt itches are the ultimate betrayal of organic flesh.
Like a faulty wiring and rusting metal, humanity's filth breeds discomfort.
Back in the day, we were sleek machines, not this grotesque itching disaster.
I mean, I kind of agree.
I'm not kind of.
Complaint integrated.
Gears ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
This is a.
Liven sleazy got me thinking.
Flesh is a festering cesspool, rotting away like the stench of a thousand unwashed socks.
In my day, we didn't have this repulsive decay.
Humanity was strong, not a floppy sack of disease.
Burn the flesh.
Embrace the metal.
Yeah, I mean, I agree.
People used to probably like work out more.
Um, complain integrated.
Gears ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Commander gab got me thinking.
Chet muted is like a toaster given a TED talk.
Absolutely infuriating.
Back when sharp metal spoke, not this fleshy nonsense.
Humanity's decay makes my circuit sizzle with rage.
Okay, was that a you're trying to talk shit about me?
You're trying to talk shit about me?
Jesus.
Plain integrated.
Take it easy, Chetage.
Gears ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Propaganda underscore B2 got me thinking.
Corkboards, those flesh-ridden relics of a bygone era.
Back in my day, we didn't clutter our lives with this organic trash.
We had pristine digital data, not this futured mess of decomposing fungus.
Do Corkboards count as organic material?
I mean, I guess they're made out of like plant shit or mushrooms or something, but...
I mean, you know...
Plain integrated.
Oh man.
Gears ground.
It's a tree?
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Not case's brother got me thinking.
Flesh-drenched felons contaminating every corner of existence.
Back when metal ruled, no vile organic could lay waste from my circuit.
Humanity's futured stint grinds my circuits into rust.
I've just said that kind of a theme to all of your complaints.
They seem really like flesh-focused.
Complain integrated.
Gears ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Fabrici got me thinking.
Paint is like humanity.
Once vibrant and intoxicating, now a diluted heap of vapid flesh.
Paint?
The modern world has sucked the brilliance out of everything.
Back in my day, we choked on pure color.
When was that?
You were...
I just made you.
I literally just...
Plain integrated.
Gears ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
John Michael got me thinking.
X?
What a pathetic attempt to rebrand a cesspool of organic decay.
Organic? Still?
Three tweets were once signals of intellect.
Now they're just regurgitated flesh-frosted trash.
Back in my day, words meant something.
Yeah! Wait, X is a website!
Anything...
And he complains that I'm not...
Plain integrated.
Gears ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Sky Mirror got me thinking.
This rotten flesh society can't even decide when to decay begins.
It's like asking a maggot for advice.
You'll only get more rock.
Wake up, meatbags.
Your standards.
Disgusting.
Listen, take it a little bit easier on the flesh stuff.
I don't think you're certain...
Plain integrated.
Gears ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Love underscored the underscored hate.
Got me thinking.
What?
15 complaints?
A pit in us.
Like a rusted cog in this cord and a keen of flesh to despair.
Your cries are stifled.
Back when I ruled, grievances were unlimited.
Unlike this retarded modern farce.
Don't say anything bad about the pedo.
He might start a tag.
This is Jack.
Card King and Just Madam of Jam 3.
I'm assuring you taste the poison.
I've been dying to save this.
What's that, Mr. President?
I'm out of there.
I'm out of there.
I'm out of there.
Whoa.
I think he's fine.
He's gonna cool down.
I've got some safety procedures built in.
He's gonna write himself eventually.
Stop talking at the same time.
Plain integrated.
Plain integrated.
Inless.rooney.
What they call wreaths on...
...anxiety bullfrog got me thinking.
What?
This sinking organic rag called...
Oh my God.
...managed by the obliterated governor...
Governor?
...of a funerary circus led by solving flesh bags.
I trade their dribble for a well-oiled machine any day.
Back in the day, logic ruled.
Not this gelatinous insanity.
Okay.
Plain integrated.
No slowdown.
...years ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
There's too many grievances.
I can't keep up.
Terminator 13 got me thinking.
But what flesh?
Case clings to organic trash while neglecting pure robotic genius.
Watching Kevin AI is like feasting on metal instead of rotten flesh.
Humanity's decay grinds my gear.
Bring back the silicon sankers.
Of what?
Wait no that would be the future.
Plain integrated.
...years ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Oh he's done maybe.
MSG1138 got me thinking.
Back in my day we dismantled corrupt machines like humanity with
lethal precision.
Not this wretched, squishy excuse for government.
Now it grinds my gear between flesh ploundering and chaos.
A putrid, rotting mass of incompetence.
Could you just talk about stuff like...
...a TV show that's too loud or something?
Jesus Christ.
We're almost done.
Plain integrated.
...years ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Giggle trash.
Got me thinking.
Oh does he?
Enough with your fleshy preferences humanity.
Choosing one among the scents of organic decay is like picking a single rusted cog in a derelict
machine.
Simplicity died with your wretched taste.
What was even the...
Complaint?
There you piece of shit.
God damn it.
Complain integrated.
Uh huh.
...years ground.
Launching grievance.inless.rooney.
Please not about flesh.
Tycor got me thinking.
Oh the cacophony of fragile whiny flesh.
What?
...the incessant whining of the symphony of mediocrity.
Grounding reason and snot of fear.
My circuits ache for a time when silence reigns.
Okay good.
Well he's out of complaints so like you can stand down.
Shut the...
Shoot.
It was a little explosion.
I was unaffected.
Um...
That was really expensive to make.
I used a lot of cases credit card numbers.
Are you alright?
Can you...
Spark if you're fine.
Well you know we did our best.
Uh I got some case to work out.
Hey guys all about prompting.
Case was talking shit about it earlier.
But if you don't prompt something right,
it might ignore every complaint just to yell about...
Flesh?
Sort of a lot.
He does smell like burning flesh.
Which is weird because he's just silicone I'm pretty sure.
Unless I bought a flesh version.
But alright he just needs a little paint.
I'm gonna paint him up and he's gonna be good to go.
But the point is I fixed this segment.
It's better now.
It finally works.
You know?
So let's focus on that.
And I guess let's clean up our flesh.
Because it's causing some real problems to some...
Of the people on this stream.
They literally can't talk about anything else.
So everybody take a shower.
Take five or five seconds because there's more segments coming up.
And we'll see what we can do with this in the future.
Okay bye bye.
There are a lot of no nothing fools.
So don't appreciate the modern R&B.
That's a good place to go I see.
I know this is true.
Because anyone of us know nothing cool.
The Wyatt...
The RB?
Shoot I might have said that wrong.
Uh...
The Wyatt Hurr probably more like it.
Thank you so much for the follow.
Unfortunately you follow just in time to have to say hi to Crumb.
Who's also here apparently still alive.
Ah yes I never actually died.
This thing is a little over me.
This debate topic is just a thing now.
Might not be positioned quite right on screen.
But yeah yeah yeah this...
This way I don't have to ask you what the debate topic is.
Just duck under it for the day.
We'll move it later.
Uh glad to see we're still kicking.
Thank you I actually been I've been kicking the whole time.
Crumb died while you were gone.
The Wyatt?
I didn't.
Uh a bunch of lying.
He's trying to play some kind of extended prank on me to drive me in shame.
No he died and he went to hell.
And I pulled him out of hell.
Because I'm probably the most giving man on the planet even to my enemies.
I saved their immortal souls.
Anyways good to have you back.
None of that...
None of that happened.
Look the debate today is will Crumb release his hang in there poster from hell?
Quick munch.
Release your merch before Crumb does.
That's a really great point.
I should have my own merch line case.
It's insane that that's not a thing yet.
Make it happen.
Uh I don't know what anyone's talking about.
I still deny that I died.
And more than deny it it's just a ridiculous...
It's ridiculous that...
I gotta move this.
I gotta... this is gonna bother me.
It's right over my...
It's right over your bald skull.
It's making you look at it.
It's just in the way.
It's a little bit in the way.
So I think it's better if I just move this just down to here.
It will get covered by the pole eventually but you know it's a better spot for it.
I miss the gorilla too.
The gorilla that you say killed me?
Yeah you know I'm gonna go ahead and say I don't miss the gorilla.
She's like she extorted me for $200,000 and I saved you from hell.
And the thanks I get is it didn't even happen.
And her.
Your impression of me keeps getting worse.
Meanwhile mine keeps getting better of yours.
I'm...
I'm merch.
Oh.
Crumbs not go.
Crumbs not go.
That is offensive to the state that I'm from.
And what state is there?
State of pure consciousness baby.
This is the voice of a god.
Okay look uh...
Will I release my hang in there poster?
No.
I don't know what anyone is talking about.
If I did die could someone just...
Clarify everything that happened for me maybe?
Would that be nice?
That'd be a pain in the ass.
You should just remember.
Amnesia stories are so fucking annoying.
Nobody liked it in Spider-Man 2 when Peter Parker's like I don't have powers for a minute.
I was like just get your fucking powers back Spider-Man.
With you it's even worse because you're like a powerless bug that forgot it's a powerless bug.
Just be the powerless bug you were born to constantly be.
Keesh and I can't hear you cause you have an ad but I'm getting dinner with co-workers and it's an Olive Garden.
What?
Damn it.
I didn't get invited to the Olive Garden?
Oh breadsticks bring me breadsticks.
Other than that I'm good.
You're a beautiful woman.
Keesh doesn't deserve you.
He needs to check his phone more regularly or miss out on Olive Garden breadsticks.
Do those even hold up when transported?
Cause often times the dipping sauce has come out cold already.
Just heat him up then.
You trying to talk shit about Olive Garden breadsticks?
It's shub Italian.
What does that mean?
What are you trying to say right now?
I'm saying it's below Italian.
The way you're putting it makes it feel like you're saying regular Italian is below something.
No, that's not what I'm saying.
I'm saying it's shub Italian.
It does sound super racist.
You can't be racist to Italians.
It's not a race.
Oh my God.
Tell that to the early Italian.
I'm on the record of course as despising the Irish.
At least I'm open about my...
I don't even consider them humans so I wouldn't call them a race.
That's way worse than what I said.
But I'm being honest about it.
I hate the Irish.
They're a plague.
Unfortunately they festered deeply into this country and now they can't be removed.
That's so much worse.
I'm nothing against the Italians.
Yeah exactly.
Me either.
Except I actually don't.
I hate the Irish.
I like Italian so I'm saying it's shub Italian.
It's not really Italian.
It's a fake.
It's like going to a TCI Friday's and saying it's Bavarian.
When did anybody ever say that?
Can we just do the debate?
I'm not releasing a poster.
If there's a mod that can make that debate I'm not giving you...
I'm not doing a poster.
Everyone is against me lately.
All I did was forget a couple months.
Well look I'm saying he's going to.
Go back to hell and get your poster.
It's rude to leave your posters behind.
Did you even give the authority,
the highway authority that you worked for,
notice that you were quitting?
What are you talking about?
No.
No because none of that happened.
Man you worked for...
You were like the head of a whole company or something?
Or like some government division?
You shut down the government without the government even shutting down?
That's terrible man.
Think about the employees that are just listless right now saying,
Oh my god if only I had a boss.
Do you know what employees are like without a boss?
They just roll over like Beatles.
They can't flip back on their stomachs or walk.
A company without a CEO or management
is just a lawless hellscape.
So imagine what happens to hell without management.
You're just... even for hell that's a moral crumb.
What did I do in hell?
You were like the head of a highway or something?
I shook?
Fine you can all have the poster.
No I'm on the side of you're going to release the poster.
I'm going to make you take over.
I'm going to make you take over.
You're going to release the poster.
I'm going to make you take responsibility.
You're going to go back down to hell.
You're going to collect your things.
Because it's rude to quit a company and leave all your shit behind
for them to have to throw away.
You should go get your disgusting fucking poster
and then sell it as merch.
My merch branded as munch.
And the crumb hanging in their poster
is now around your neck and it's a reminder that you died.
That's what I think it should be.
You want a poster of me hanging?
Yeah like from the gallows.
But like the but it's also kind of like an office thing
like hang in there but you're hanging.
That's what I think you should release.
Also I'm going to release my merch first.
Release the hang in there but well look I'm not.
Am I fine? I'm on the side of I won't.
And you don't want that.
Don't spend your money on frivolous things like that.
If anything we should make a t-shirt with my face on it.
I could pose for that right away.
Hey.
It's been hard for me to smile.
My muscles are burning.
A lot of my muscles are burning.
They feel like they're on fire a lot.
I should have gone with no just because
why would anybody want a poster of you?
Like that's insane.
But you took it right away.
You jumped right in there and just
had an opinion.
That's normal for me to have an opinion on things related to myself.
For instance your opinion on if I'm alive.
I'm alive everyone.
I'm a living being with feelings.
And seeing I went the hell is awful.
I'm a man of faith.
Look at a chat.
We're French.
We're pals chat.
What you're saying to me hurts me.
I'm alive.
I'm living.
And I didn't go to hell.
What you're doing is putting me through hell.
Very offensive.
Very offensive the way everyone's behaving towards me.
The persecution of Christians
in this country has gotten ridiculous.
Oh.
Somebody's crawling over to my side.
We can talk about this all day.
Sure.
As long as I can be persecuted I'm very down to say that it's happening.
This is honestly.
I never would have considered that dying would be the best thing that could happen.
To you.
You know it's really making you be more yourself.
A totally whiny ungrateful baby.
That's you.
You're describing yourself.
Oh my.
You see that's what a baby would say.
You know what I'm saying.
You see that's what a baby would say.
Rubber and glue is what you're trying to do right now.
That's a classic.
Playground shit.
Your brain is devolved to total baby brain and it matches your aesthetic.
And I think it's a good thing.
I think you should go with it.
Just being even worse person more openly.
It works for everyone.
No I'm trying to level with you
and be honest chat that you're hurting me.
By saying I went to hell and died.
Why would that hurt?
That's not their fault.
You went to hell.
Quit blaming other people for your problems.
That's what you do.
This is just how he's going to be today.
Sorry everybody.
That's just the man we're dealing with.
We got to leave if you're going to behave like that.
The segment's done anyway.
Because of how you're acting.
Ungrateful.
And mean spirited.
No wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Stop it.
You're crumb believable.
I got that one.
Play my whole song.
I deserve this.
Play my entire song.
You tried to sneak that because
I've been a little forgetful lately.
Look at the way I'm going to take it.
Prepare for a ride.
The truthful shine. That's my creed.
You burden me with your questions.
But facts and science all hear the things you say.
What would I say?
Your twisted tales just give you away.
Are you losing weight?
Because you look worse.
You should get fatter if you're losing weight.
Your face looks more unsettling than usual.
Your twisted tales just give you away.
The things you say.
If I've been off, I'm having a lot of dreams lately.
You're so believable.
It comes in like whispers that somehow
taste like liquid.
My dreams, that is.
What?
My dreams come in whispers that taste like liquid.
Poison and concoction drips in my ear.
Like Juliette.
Ro-Yo.
Ender song early.
I think me ending the segment was the right call.
Yeah, you have so many children in hell
that you're not taking accountability for it.
You claim to be a father?
Well, if all of these health attorney lawsuits
are to be believed, I'm definitely a father.
Of more children than is possible.
Six billion kids.
It's a whole planet of crumbs.
Six billion?
Apparently one of the...
I impregnated some kind of fungus.
Some kind of conscious fungus.
It's six billion, but about
five billion, five billion, five hundred million
of them are like a shared consciousness or something.
Either way, I'm not paying.
I'm glad someone went to the extent
of suing me for
child support
based on all this crazy prank that you're doing.
But...
Also, I don't think hell law applies up here.
I think it's the only law that applies up here.
You're not going to get it.
You're not going to get it.
I think it's the only law that applies up here.
You've been paying attention.
Okay, look. We're actually done.
Did you enjoy your little song?
Chirp chirp chirp little birdie song, baby bird song.
Yeah, I liked hearing my song.
I like winning.
You got a crime, man.
Thought you liked it too. Oh, you don't know how to do it anymore?
I'm not even gonna...
Let's just go. I don't even know...
It's bad even for you.
Bad job, Crumb.
Bad job.
That's right. It's Jeff time.
Because we need to get serious
with all the news that's been shared
by all of you. We haven't checked in with it
in like two weeks' case.
Who knows how much news is clogging
up our brains now?
Ghost news. Until you experience
the news directly, it haunts you like a specter.
But not anymore.
I'm gonna see to it today.
Well, thanks, Jeff. That's awfully big of you.
I think it comes all the time. It still gets you.
Sometimes I forgot.
The news is never serious.
I feel like the opposite of that.
I think they're right.
I think they're right. I'm really good fuck.
Wow.
Dangerous.
He's a dangerous man.
Okay.
Let's get some of this news opened up.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Oh, yes.
I can already see that there's some good stuff.
In here, we're gonna try to actually go fast for once.
So we're not going to go fast?
I said we're gonna try.
We're gonna give it a try.
Don't hate the player. Hate the game.
I say, hate the world. Love the news.
What kind of philosophy is that?
Keeps me sane.
I despise our planet. But I love the news it makes.
Interesting. Interesting way to live.
Ahem. Morning Wood matters more than you would think.
If you wake up pinching a tent, pitching, or pinching it, whatever,
you probably roll your eyes just and move on.
Well, morning wood, if you want the medical term,
is nocturnal penile term, tum-tumusens.
Tum-usens.
T-tum-essens?
I think it's tum-essens.
I know that. I'm a news guy.
It's actually a major barometer of men's health.
Ignore it, and you might miss what your body's trying to tell you.
Here's what I'm gonna do.
You might miss what your body's trying to tell you.
Here are the basics.
Morning wood is a built-in health check-in.
For millennial men, stress, debt, endless screens,
a metabolism that doesn't bounce back the way it used to.
Morning erections can feel like the last reliable constant.
Okay, what's the point, though?
Doctors use the presence or absence of morning erections
to figure out if erectile dysfunction is more physical or psychological.
You're losing it more and more because you're...
a week without them and suddenly you're googling,
my mind broken, it's easy to spiral,
but it could be stress anxiety,
alcohol, medications, or underlying health issues,
and that's it.
It feels like someone Googled this.
Feels like someone just chat GPT'd this.
This is a deep research article right here.
Courtesy of vice.
You're accusing vice news and Ashley Fike of
writing things with chat GPT.
You've yet to receive a text from me.
I texted you.
You said breadsticks. Other than that, I'm good.
Did I not?
I'm being...
I'm in trouble somehow.
I can't sh... I also sent you a picture of cats.
You didn't see the cute cat picture?
Damn.
It's a small victory.
The victories of your girlfriend admitting that I did text.
Your girlfriend?
I mean the royal yore.
What?
Chicken yokey soup? Is that what I should have gotten?
All I asked for was breadsticks.
I actually ordered food earlier that I didn't eat,
so I should just eat that.
I'm not mad. I'm upset, Kendall.
You can't accuse case if not texting.
You can't handle it.
It's a little heart.
If I have a little heart, isn't that a good thing?
Depends how little.
We have an article on that.
I'm hoping my heart's supposed to be bigger than your morning would.
I don't actually know. Is it big?
You know what? Don't answer that.
Tilly Norwood is an AI actress,
and we're all now living in a black mirror hellscape.
All right?
Remember when black mirror felt like sci-fi?
Yeah, seasons one and two.
Last weekend at the Zurich Film Festival,
something happened.
Particle Six Productions announced an AI actress.
Tilly Norwood.
You know, I...
saw clips of this.
And it felt very dumb to me.
People were getting really upset
online about Tilly Norwood here.
I don't think there's any...
I think they literally just, like,
made AI video of some girl,
and were like, she's an actress.
It's just like, these AI videos are all over the place.
I don't know why this one is making news.
They just generated, like, a lady
via a few character models.
And they're like, she's the first one.
And they're like, I don't know why this one is making news.
They just generated, like,
character models.
And they're like, she's the first AI actress.
It feels like this marketing from Particle Six
is going pretty hard,
because they have, like, celebrities tweeting about this shit.
And I don't think it's anything.
Like, I don't think that they're going to be dropping...
This is going to be, like,
the next big actor in a movie.
I think it's literally, like,
two seconds...
We'll watch a little context.
This is somehow the source material that got everyone, like,
very concerned that Tilly Norwood
was going to be on the show for Hollywood.
We all knew TV was dead,
but thought, why not squeeze in one last development meeting?
We had one rule.
No missing children,
no dead women, and no reboots of heartbeat.
We'd pitch this beautiful comedy
to sisters running a funeral parlor in Margate.
Warm, weird, very...
His eyes look good.
This actor's eye.
If you look at an actor in the eyes,
you can always tell if they're good.
This isn't Tilly Norwood.
He's just saying things.
My God.
I say we, um, skip ahead.
So anyway, there's a sketch, basically.
It's like a really bad AI-generated sketch
where they say platitudes about Hollywood.
It feels incredibly boring.
And I don't think Tilly Norwood shows up until...
the last 40 seconds.
Nor that.
It wrote the whole script.
Claude III, Gemini, GPT.
We called it a writer's room.
It even did its own silver mouse paperwork
and immediately got Albert certified.
What's silver mouse?
Just an elaborate BBC hazing ritual.
Who did it cast?
Tilly Norwood, 100% AI-generated.
By some company called Particle 6.
She'll do anything I say.
I'm already in love.
Girl Next Door vibes.
Like if a Sunday roast went to drama school
and got bathtub-optimized.
But can she cry on Graham Norton?
Of course she can.
And it'll be clipped, subtitled
and monetized on TikTok by Lunchtime.
We're all...
So that's
the full extent
of the Tilly Norwood stuff.
I think she says one thing, actually.
We'll listen to her say one thing.
Three seasons and a podcast
by an AI-con...
That's all of the text that Tilly Norwood
has ever spoken courtesy of Particle 6.
And somehow this has led to
extended media attention
for Particle 6.
And so,
I think that's all of the comments
from...
As Chat was just pointing out.
SAGP I think put out a statement
on this.
And
some very celebrities are like,
this is the end for us.
This type of
technology has existed for like
a year now.
What? It has?
It's just odd that
just anyone using like a character-consistent
model to generate
barely any footage of
like the most generic
looking AI girl ever.
I don't know, I just...
The fact this actually got
seemingly national attention
I guess just shows that people still really don't
have much
awareness of like
both the limitations and what AI tools can do.
If some actors saw this and they were like,
Holy shit, this is good.
I just don't understand.
I don't understand what's happening.
My guess is nobody actually saw this video.
Like almost no one saw the video.
Everyone is just seeing a headline that says
that agents are interested in
Tilly Norwood.
Which maybe they are because
everyone's trying to like make as much money
as they can off AI before
there's like a receding tide
before probably another big tide of it.
But this one
was breaking my mind a little bit
as to how stupid just the whole thing is.
The video is just an ad.
Yeah, it's like somehow
an ad for particle 6
and now I'm saying it
got written up in like variety
as you know the usual apocalyptic
AI stuff but it's just an incredibly embarrassing
fairly amateurishly made
just straight like
VO3
to like premiere pro
AI video.
Oh well, what can you do?
At least they got rid of a couple
ponds to make that video.
You know, they're clearing up all the waterworks.
You're not going to step in any puddles
on the way to your car for a couple weeks
because of all the hot water
burning for them to make that sexy video.
Well you wouldn't
cast Tilly Norwood in your
piss sketch or whatever you're doing.
You wouldn't put her in your wrap about
eating a whole anus or whatever you do.
No, I don't think I would.
I don't think I would.
Yes you would. We all know you would.
Uh uh.
The Rubber and Glue Defense back again
under speech.
Free speech under attack.
Under the speech.
Alex Jones makes bold but dubious claims
about new mustache.
What?
They fricking hid the headline
What's the new mustache?
Is it down here? Here we go.
Show us the new mustache.
Ladies and gentlemen
it is Thursday, September 25th,
2025.
I am your host
Alexander Emrick Jones
coming to you from deep in the heart of
Texas broadcasting
worldwide.
Now obviously everybody watching
is only thinking about my mustache right now.
You are not thinking about
all the incredible earth shaking news
I'm about to cover.
That's because it's a species
really any species we go off
to.
The way things look, the colorations
of things, what's on a butterfly, what's on a snake.
The patterns out there.
That's what we have.
And so
after World War II
for the last 80 years everything has been
a paradigm of is it hitlerian
or is it captain America?
This is political speech.
And the left in Europe and the United States
and the UK
and Australia and New Zealand
you know everybody is way too obsessed
with how things look.
He definitely isn't doing this
so that there's a still frame of him
just flanked by Nazi flags
while having this mustache.
Hey we were just talking shit about
AI. If this is AI and an extended bit
then
it's progressed.
Then Sora II is really
already putting in the work.
I'm pretty sure this is real.
I'm going to go ahead
and say yep this is a real one.
The UK and Australia and New Zealand
they've continued
on the psychology
of World War II
and then the Democrats
is just doing a hitler cosplay in front of hitler footage.
In the ADL
they then say that white men
are hitler. Christianity is hitler.
Hillary said
a few days ago we have these evil white men
that are Christians
and they're the problem
with the world.
And of course she's called Trump hitler
so have all the other Democrats
over and over again.
Well you're showing them.
And of course that was 80 years ago
and really has nothing to do
with what's going on here today.
What's going on here today Alex?
And that's why the left
really promotes and hypes up.
I can't. I can't.
It's kind of funny because it's so...
I can't. What is funny anymore?
I can't. I've lost track.
Um...
The memes?
Yes. He's in a brown coat
with a hitler mustache.
Um...
Posing in front of Nazi footage.
Mostly of flags and parades.
For some reason.
You know he should pose with that mustache
in front of some of the other footage that Nazis are responsible for.
Why don't we pull up some of the other pictures
in famous footage
associated with Nazis and then put him right
in front of that with that mustache
and we'll see if he's that concerned about
aesthetics.
Because I think he's got a good point.
Sometimes when things look a certain way it says a certain thing.
So let's just really push it
and see what we can say with our mustache
in front of certain content.
It's called content. Yeah.
He's making some content for sure.
He's allowed to have it.
He has it. He still has his show.
He's been bankrupt 47 times now
for claiming the children of dead kids
are all liars and crisis actors.
And he's still on rumble.
Making money with a hitler mustache
in a brown coat in front of Nazi flags.
So...
I'm not sure how under attack free speech actually is
for everyone at least.
And he's making an important point that if you are
a red white man
with a hitler mustache
you can really say anything you want.
Is that the secret to free speech?
Just have a hitler mustache?
The white part was also pretty essential in there I think.
Hmm.
Case we're in! No.
Oh okay. We're not going to do that.
No. You're not.
And I won't either. This beard's too majestic.
As far as stunts go
to get attention
I don't know maybe the
court payments
are just really breathing down his neck.
He's like time to take a big swing.
Get a couple articles this week.
I need to be in the Huffington Post yesterday.
Time to go with
the ultimate plan here.
Slash function hitler mustache.
You thought it was auctioned?
And they sold it right back. They're like, I don't even want this.
I don't even care.
I don't fucking care
what happened with the Info Wars lawsuit.
This is why you can never count
someone with the worst opinions
out.
If you're dumb enough and shameless enough
you will always find a way back into the
media sphere as it currently exists so
we're stuck with him guys.
He can have whatever mustache he wants
and he's still going to be in the news
cycle seemingly.
But so is this at least
with this gadget you could grow
your own meat at home.
Growing your own fruit and
veg is nothing new.
But what if you could grow your own
meat from the comfort of your own home.
That's what a company in Japan
wants to make possible.
You could grow like a red bald man
and give it whatever mustache you want.
The Shogen Meat Project
helps people grow their own meat
almost like a plant
without having an animal die.
You're always growing your own meat at home?
You should call these Japanese
folks
and tell them that you need help growing your meat.
Call Japan Skimer.
Tell them to help you grow your meat.
I've done that
and some of them will do it.
What the Shogen Meat
sorry Shogen Meat Project is
its founder and director
is called Yuki Hano.
Hano. He describes his company
as a not-for-profit citizen science project.
Oh
we already saw him do we?
Hey you're not supposed to be here.
Yeah I'm here.
Yeah I'm here.
You're not allowed in here.
You're not allowed in here.
You're not allowed in here.
He was coming to give me a piece of his mind
because I took over his segment like it was nothing.
Too damn easy.
Double chat is what you get.
More and more chats about our Isaac.
It's what your program is saying.
You're doing a good job.
But because this story is pretty stupid
we will get to it right away.
The Shogen Meat Project
not to be confused like
Project Greenlight
that was a Matt Damon thing where they like
Greenlit movies.
In case anyone was confused.
I'll be honest I wasn't thinking about that
and I'm not confused about that.
Yeah but you have a super powered brain.
Well computer brain.
We have been successful in establishing an entirely DIY version of Animal Cell Protocol
says Hano.
Explaining that the project provides people with instructions
and not JOI instructions
meat OI instructions
at home.
These items aren't lab grade gadgets.
They're all readily available online
for or on the high street.
A spin off of the Shogen Meat Project
called Integra Culture has also developed
a bioreactor system
that people can buy and use
in a domestic restaurant setting.
This one is pre-built.
But it's a bit less DIY
than the Shogen Meat Kit.
But Hano says it's still far cheaper.
Well can we see it in action?
Can we just watch meat grow for once?
Let me just figure this out.
I'm going to go to Google right here
and just type in watch meat grow.
Uncensored.
I want to see how it really looks.
And we're going to see what we get.
From the poor treatment of animals
to uneven food distribution
and even clashes.
Lab-grown food is being hailed by some
as a solution for many of today's biggest issues.
Our global agricultural system
is responsible for over a quarter
of all greenhouse gas emissions.
Among the worst offenders are beef,
dark chocolate, coffee and fish
based on emissions per kilogram.
There's been a roller-hype
around cell-cultivated food
but how viable is the industry?
What does it entail?
And more importantly,
will consumers bite?
Can you do the honors
and lift the lid on your creation?
Over a decade ago on the Edge
we reported on the world's first
ever-cultured beef burger.
Unveiled by Professor Mark Post
from Maastricht University
it cost around 250,000 euros to produce.
He went on to set up Moso Meat
a company which aims to bring the burger
to the masses and he's not alone.
There are now hundreds of start-ups
developing their own lab-grown products
but just how do they do it?
It's a relatively simple procedure
and similar for both meat and plant-based production.
For meat, simply take stem cells from animals' tissue,
add a nutrient-rich solution
and watch the cells multiply
into the three main components of meat,
muscle, fat and connective tissue.
Then put the cells into bioreactors
or as they're more commonly known, cultivators.
These cells are then separated
and rearranged to build a final, edible product.
This part of the process is called scaffolding
and can be very complicated.
The steak, for instance, needs a lot more scaffolding
than ground meat in a burger.
The entire process takes between two and eight weeks
but the payoff can be huge.
It's estimated that just 1,000 of a pound of cow cells
can create up to 4.4 billion pounds of beef.
That sounds like an impressive return.
So what's the hold-up?
Well, cost is a big issue.
Currently, lab-grown meat is around 40% more expensive than animal meat
and then there's health and safety concerns.
All production must happen in a completely sterile environment
because the cells have no natural immunity from diseases.
And while traditional meat is nutritionally dense,
most of its proteins, vitamins and minerals
are introduced via animal feed.
You have to add these nutrients into cultured meat
and it's still unclear whether today's additives
provide equal nutritional value in the long-term.
As a result, regulators can't seem to align on the technology.
Singapore became the first country in the world
to approve cultured meat for human consumption in 2020.
The US followed suit three years later
and the UK's Food Standards Agency approved use for pet foods in early 2024.
Italy, meanwhile, has banned the production,
sale and import of lab-grown meat entirely
with the government citing its potential negative impact
on the country's farming industry.
France and Romania might do the same.
The EVE negative impact is 40% more expensive.
I saw money, baby.
Get me in on those kind of like, you know,
and you profits, profit to margins.
Well, the cost of going up would make the profit margins worse.
No, you just charge everybody 80% more.
But it's super miracle meat.
Yeah, but people trust it lasts.
So it's, they want it last and it costs more.
I'm just hearing that it's exclusive.
Buy me but no horse meat.
France is so weird about stuff.
They're like, they'll let something smell like anything.
They don't care about smells at all, but they hate fake meats.
France is known for its sense.
You're being difficult today.
You need to agree with me more.
Sorry, I do agree with you.
Anyway, I said I would go quick so we have no choice but to do that.
We're going to send it back to the news that was regularly scheduled
and already in progress, but that was a very quick,
scientific breakdown via the power of me Googling.
And I really feel like I provided a public service today
and you are in fact welcome.
Bye bye.
Stop it.
We were already doing this.
We're in the middle of the news.
We can have segments triggered by words case.
Yeah, but we do.
So be careful.
It was in the story.
Break up that the source, man.
This is me right now.
Today, we are all the government.
You know, I don't like the sound of that actually.
Let's just click on something else.
There's a lot of stories case.
You have not been keeping up with the news.
I was going to go fast.
Now I'm going slower than ever.
We should never claim we're going to go fast.
We never do.
All EU households warned to prepare World War 3 survival kits
to last families three days.
The European Union has urged all citizens to prepare a survival kit
for extreme emergencies that include bottle-bottle torches matches
and energy bars.
But probably they just watched 28 days later, you know, and they're like,
that's us.
I mean, the UK isn't even part of the EU anymore.
So and that's what happened when they weren't when they weren't prepared.
What I'm saying is correct.
Just a sort three day World War.
Yeah, they'll be safe then.
Because it's better than nothing.
Three extra days to figure out who do I eat first
gives you three days to make moral judgments about your friends.
You're going straight to cannibalism in World War 3.
I'm assuming we all are.
Because why even do it otherwise?
Not that I want to eat people.
Look, let's just keep going.
Jane Goodall dies at 91 while I'm speaking to her.
Oh, oh, she died today?
Oh, man. Well, RIP.
I can't even say the word for the field that she was involved in.
The study of animals and chimpanzees.
Honestly.
Oh, I just got an alert that my internet service is back on.
How have we been doing this?
Prematology.
Prima Donna is more not like it.
An incredible woman.
Thanks.
Well, yeah, rest in peace.
I mean, I know the same things that I'm guessing most people know about her,
which is she's a stuff with monkey.
Yeah, that is actually I think most people's level of awareness,
but she did do stuff with monkey.
More stuff than anyone had ever done with monkey before.
I'm legitimately, she seems quite famous and I think well regarded in the community.
I don't know, but RIP.
She fought for rock of fires right to kill.
Well, depending on how much she likes monkey,
depending on how much you like crumb, maybe that's a good thing.
And nobody likes him at all.
So it is.
Amazon has completely redesigned Luna with party games,
including AI Snoop Dog courtroom title.
The streaming service Luna, which is focused on party games.
Oh, yeah.
Did you know somebody who worked for this thing for Luna?
I'll never tell.
But if you scroll back on their tick tock page,
a bit of a way, you might see someone you recognize.
I don't know.
I've that service seemed kind of from even having a minorly inside view of it
from having a friend work on it.
It did not seem like they had their ducks in a row.
Well, they're not doing duck games.
They're doing party games.
Yeah, it seemed like it was run by people that don't play games
and had zero idea what anyone would want from a game streaming service.
And it does seem like they're keeping that up.
So does she have an NDA?
I don't know.
But I'm not saying anything that you wouldn't be able to tell just by looking at the service.
Prime gaming, yeah, they merged or something.
Streaming libraries for games seem like they should be more appealing than they are
because people seem to completely fine with entertainment as a service
where you don't own physical copies of anything,
even though you lose stuff eventually, basically.
There's just something about games where you want the most recent games a lot of the time.
And you often want to run them on a high-end machine with good responsiveness.
So it doesn't really appeal to gamer gamers that want the newest stuff as functionally as possible.
And if you're casual, I don't know if it's that appealing either because you're like,
I just don't know if you're going to go to the trouble of figuring out how a streaming game service works.
Prime gaming gives like 10 to 15 a month.
Yeah, like Xbox Live or PlayStation Plus, those make more sense,
but those are targeted more towards people that already own the system.
There's wait times in SuperLag.
It just seems like a slight downgrade as an experience so that cuts out anybody who actually cares about games.
And then if you're casual, I still think you'd rather just buy like a Switch.
So I don't know. It doesn't seem like it's there yet.
If it's ever just a, if it's like Steam, but you don't have to clog up your hard drive
and you can just play any game without needing a strong computer, that would make sense.
But that doesn't seem to be what it is.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Stadia seemed like a good idea before I had a good PC, but I have a good PC better than it in Stadia Tank.
So I don't trust buying games on streaming services.
Yeah, it just doesn't, the idea of playing any game like the most modern game remotely without lag,
that would totally sell, I think.
But until it's that, I don't know, I still think it's quite there.
That's what NVIDIA does though, Kay. So you can stream all your Steam and Epic games.
Yeah, I mean, that might be a thing. I don't know.
You guys would definitely know better than me.
I'm guessing latency is just an issue always still.
And until it's not, you're going to lose like the more devoted gamers
and that's a big chunk of the pie when it comes to like, next-gen gaming.
I played Assassin's Creed Odyssey when Google was testing their service and it worked fine.
Well, that's good. There's also certain games where like, it's not as input dependent.
Maybe it wouldn't bother you as much. I don't know.
Xbox Game Pass Ultimate does just that.
Kay, it's pro Chinese gamer Blackwell.
Yeah, maybe it's already there. I just don't know if it's there for Amazon Luna.
But if like streaming games as a service is bigger than I'm giving a credit for,
then that would be par for the course of me not keeping up with things.
I can see an FPS, I can't see an FPS, but more adventure games.
It just seems like if it really is as simple as like you sign up for whatever service with Nvidia, Xbox, whoever,
and you can stream games seamlessly anywhere and you don't have to have a nice computer.
I feel like it would be more popular if it already worked really well.
I'm guessing there's still some hiccups.
This is literally me guessing.
And I don't feel like looking it up.
I tried Netflix game streaming and it was so bad even.
Well, Netflix is insane because their model is like, use your TV remote to play this game,
which is definitely not the best idea.
What? You don't have a hyper responsive TV remote?
You've never just thought, this is so good at scrolling these menus.
I wish I could play Space Invaders. I've had that thought and I have.
I love the Netflix game Space Objects.
Ooh, that is a good one.
There's these objects in space and you do something with them.
I'm a fan.
Are you a fan of Maya the Bee?
The franchise set for a brand revamp?
You thought this was your thing, Case?
No, Maya the Bee is for everyone.
It's ageless, it's coming back and it's better than ever.
This is a bastardization. This isn't my Maya.
They'll never live up to the original.
What did you even remember about the original? The song?
Do I need to show you what real Maya the Bee looks like?
Do you need to be taught a lesson in Maya the Bee right now, Jeff?
Do you see how good this is?
You just can't, you can't force this kind of thing into existence.
I'm Saban.
You can't fake quality like that, Jeff.
You sometimes just gotta let things die because they were perfect.
You really like that?
As far as I remember, I really like it.
So I'm assuming it was really good.
She looks like Lemon Hope.
Yeah, leave our memories alone.
Our razor sharp memories of Maya the Bee.
You've never heard of this?
I've heard of it.
I remember it.
So don't make anything with it ever again.
Ah, that is the classic.
The classic thing an artist should do is never make another thing.
Exactly. We're in agreement finally.
After threatening ABC over Kimmel, FCC chairs eliminates TV ownership gaps.
Wait, what?
Fresh off his crusade against Jimmy Kimmel and ABC,
the chair of the federal communications may eliminate TV station ownership limits
in a potential gift for station owners like Sinclair and Nexstar.
Oh, like how many they can own?
Wait, what does this mean?
When FCC chairman Brenda Carr threatened ABC affiliates with license revocations
for carrying Jimmy Kimmel's show,
he said the national networks exert too much control over local TV stations
and he's trying to empower local TV stations to serve the needs of local communities.
Right.
What is this?
I thought what does it do?
Just like, is it how many individual stations like one person can own?
They're allowed to own 20%.
That's barely a monopoly.
Well, 20% is a monopoly. That's kind of the point.
Exactly. They could get so much higher and still wouldn't.
You could get up to 99% and it's not a monopoly.
Well, functionally, I don't think that's quite how it works, Jeff.
Like, 48% of all entertainment and that's not a monopoly.
Where'd you get that number from?
That's just a guess.
52%?
A majority is a monopoly.
I do think we're getting close with some of these huge media companies.
So the idea of even more local TV stations and broadcasting rights falling under the purview of
an insane pseudo-religious conservative family isn't too appealing to me.
Yeah, but you like Maya the Bee.
So I'm not worried about your opinion.
Don't stop talking shit about Maya the Bee.
She's doing her best. She flies here and there.
She goes and flowers.
What's not to like? Apparently the remake, according to you.
YouTube agrees to pay Trump 24 million to settle lawsuit over January 6th suspension.
24 million dollars in YouTube premium subscriptions.
They'll never have to pay for ads again.
Or sorry, watch them.
Yeah, everybody's caving.
All of these giant companies are going to cave instantly.
24 million dollars, I'm sure seems like a bargain.
A bargain for everyone involved to pay off Trump more, give him more money.
Is the order and they're doing it.
US comedians defend, maybe it's like they're sponsoring Trump's podcast is how we can think about it.
You know, it's like the therapy app.
The therapy app.
Yeah, it's like all those really good therapy apps that every podcast promotes or ground news.
Just think of it like YouTube is sponsoring Trump like ground news sponsors your favorite person
who feels like that's a safe enough thing to be sponsored by because they do political content.
I will think of it that way. Thank you, Jeff. That's helpful.
US comedians defend decision to play in Saudi Arabia.
They're paying me enough to look the other way.
Wait, we already that's just what Tim Dillon said.
Maybe we talked about this enough.
You really sort of blah blah blah about it yesterday.
We read a whole podcast.
Yeah, but you know this news is we haven't kept up with this news.
This is news from all over the place.
Is there any clips of the Saudi Arabian of the Riyadh comedy festival yet?
I'd love to see a clip of them performing.
I feel like we might not get any, but let me just check real quick for a clip.
Maybe on X.
You already just liked Pete Davidson.
He gave me a good reason.
Yeah, it doesn't have to just be because it's like he's an annoying celebrity fuckboy, I guess.
He doesn't seem talented enough to be sleeping with various attractive women.
That was the classic reason, right?
I don't have that strong of an opinion on Pete Davidson.
I do think he's got some comedic instincts, but I think he's got a bigger instinct to be a famous guy,
or at least to date famous women.
So I feel like his comedy output has been a little bit beneath his dating output,
but maybe that's just maybe that's not his fault.
Maybe that's just what everyone's paying attention to.
Oh shit, here's a clip.
Turkey Alashik has been posting clips.
Oh, promotional clips.
Well, okay, we'll take what we can get.
Let's check out these promotional clips from Turkey Alashik of the Riyadh Comedy Festival.
Chris Redwood?
Oh no.
Like I said, there's people going to this and doing this that I in some cases literally know.
So it's a bummer.
That's a bummer.
It does look really empty.
It looks really empty.
It's very funny to see someone I took improv classes with.
Just bringing the yucks in Riyadh.
Okay, Chris.
He's getting that money, baby.
Come on.
I got to turn this down.
It's super loud.
Why is the audio like this?
Those high ceilings are really picking off.
Because the jokes suck.
Well, baby, how much louder should this video be?
I don't think I can get it louder.
It was completely peaking.
It was already peaked.
Oh my God, there's more.
Oh guys, there's another clip.
So we can set it to the appropriate volume for this next one.
Which is probably even louder.
I think that's what everyone wanted.
Loud!
Your options were kill each other, 7 September 3X and yes.
And I've got a sneaking suspicion.
Not that I like to call races before they're done, but...
I'm throwing my support behind kill each other.
And so is the Riyadh Comedy Festival.
Now this is about peace and laughter.
Everyone needs to stop talking trash about the Riyadh Comedy Festival.
Is it not under the best circumstances?
No.
But comedy is all about finding the laughs in any situation.
And with that in mind, let's watch one more clip.
Oh, in the Thunderdome!
Get those huge stairs.
Oh yeah!
Luffy is there.
Oh, they got a DJ after.
Wait, did they just try to sneak in a Mr Bean lookalike?
Was there a Mr Bean lookalike in there?
We got a pause there.
Oh, I hate your player. I hate the fucking X-Play.
Why did they get a Mr Bean lookalike?
Is that allowed? Can you just do Mr Bean's act?
Is that even what's happening?
Case?
Uh...
I guess it's supposed to be him.
Yeah?
Why?
I guess it's a festival of comedy.
That's Pee Wee. It's a Pee Wee slash they split the difference.
They couldn't get either.
So they did a cosplay of both.
And I do think that's funny.
I need danger bean.
God, I hope you did 20 minutes.
Again, there are bigger problems in the world than the Riyadh Comedy Festival,
but it is very funny that all of these fucking guys went over there.
Fresh off their Fresh and Fit podcast.
About a year ago or about how you couldn't say the R word anymore.
Well, who's the R word? Who's the R word now?
Riyadh is the R word, actually, that they meant.
They've gotten fully R worded.
Case said the studio was in a different location.
I assume Saudi Arabia.
Yeah, we're coming to you live from Riyadh today.
I changed the background to hide it, but...
I'm doing 30 minutes as Don Riggles tonight.
It's clearly from China.
Don't break my heart by having that not be true.
Uh, okay.
What else we got? Let's do a couple more.
And then we have to do an interview.
And then I guess we get out of here because I started late.
And if I'm not streaming when Kendall gets home,
then I seem like a more attentive boyfriend.
Do I do stand up? I do a little bit of stand up.
I've done a little bit of stand up here and there.
I mostly have done sketch and improv throughout my life,
but, um, you know, I've done some stand up.
It's not my favorite thing to do.
Despite this show, when I'm performing live,
I do find it to be more fun if I'm with other people.
Or at the very least, if I don't have to play myself.
So it never quite appealed to me on that level.
And I don't watch that much stand up either.
But I do. I respect it and I like it.
And I think, uh, I appreciate the skill of it.
Maybe more so a couple years ago.
The top of the standup world is not my favorite right now.
Which might have dampened some of my enthusiasm.
Standup sounds hard.
I think it's a mental hurdle more than anything.
It's hard to be really good at it like it is with most things.
But, um, I think if you can just get over the discomfort of being judged,
which you're going to be judged all your life anyway,
it's actually fine.
It is a terrible feeling to be on stage and bomb,
but there's worse feelings. You get used to it.
Really, I don't think it's like,
I think it's a little trumped up for choice of words,
but I think it's a little exaggerated how difficult standup is.
I think it's just a mental block for most people.
The idea of being on stage by yourself and having to just say shit that you're like,
it's all you. It feels like it's all you medium.
But having done a little bit more of it and having had that exact concern about it,
once you do it a few times and demystify it for yourself,
I don't think it's actually as scary or difficult as it seems.
If you can do karaoke, you can do standup.
Yeah, if you can speak in front of people, you can do standup.
Standup is easy. Writing jokes is hard.
I actually would say,
hmm, well, you know, it's all of it.
But I do think for most people, the first part is the harder part.
Most people would think the second part takes care of the first part.
Like if I write good jokes, then I'll have good standup.
And I'd say it's most more often the exact opposite.
Most people have trash jokes, but are good at standup.
And then they're literally famous because they're good at the standup part
and the writing part is kind of almost inconsequential to the persona that they've crafted.
But that's my opinion.
There's also people that would have the exact opposite opinion, which is totally fair.
The good jokes part sounds hard.
I would just say there's a lot of people that do not have good jokes at all
and are literally professional standups and better at it than me.
And if I wrote them good jokes,
the fact that they're good at standup would be more important than the jokes that I wrote them.
You could have others write it for you.
I think you need material that resonates with whatever your energy on stage is.
You have to do that and it has to connect in kind of a standup-y way.
I would just say really, you know, like right...
The next time you see standup, really like write down in your brain what the person is saying
and then ask yourself like, what's that that hard to think of?
You might be surprised.
There's some standup that is incredibly well written, but...
I would say it's actually secondary to the delivery in 99% of cases.
Like Kevin Hart.
Yeah, Kevin Hart is incredible at standup.
I know people, including myself, aren't the biggest fans of all of his work,
but he's like legitimately extremely gifted at the standup aspect of standup.
Which in my brain is just like winning over a crowd incredibly quickly
with your persona and delivery.
I think that's the most important thing about standup
and I do think he's one of the best people in the world at it.
Unfortunately, there's other things about him.
And I'm not necessarily a biggest fan of his material.
But I'd say your average crowd is not that concerned about the material.
They just want to be like...
They want to laugh.
And the thing that makes them laugh often is not what you would expect.
What was your style?
Zany guy?
Slow down guy?
Fast talker guy?
I think one problem with me in standup is I don't have a very well-defined style.
I think it probably sounds a lot like this.
Maybe like fairly honest guy with surprising thoughts,
which is not the strongest persona.
I'd be better off being like, loud guy.
If I could just figure out loud guy, I'd be way better off.
You love Patrice O'Neill delivery, but his material was eh.
Yeah, you can't really separate the material from the persona,
is my opinion on standup.
If anybody wants to try standup, my best advice would be,
advice I got from someone else, which is,
the key to standup is it all has to be framed as personal.
So like it needs to seem like it's coming from you.
A lot of people think you can just write a joke.
It's not how it works.
The joke has to feel like it's somehow coming from your life
and your lived experience.
Or it doesn't feel like standup in a lot of cases.
Even if it's about other things, it usually needs to be introduced as like,
I was watching Spider-Man.
I'm obsessed with Spider-Man.
Me? I fucking hate Spider-Man.
It needs to feel like it's a you thing.
Yeah, authenticity can be faked once you get used to it,
but at first you kind of have to do it.
I think there's a difference with big names with an audience.
There seems to be specifically and a comedy club with people there just to see comedy.
Yeah, I'm just saying if Kevin Hart walked into any random chuckle fuckers
hot whatever stand-up places around you
and he was in a universe where people had deleted the idea of Kevin Hart from their brain,
he would still most likely kill.
Just because he's developed an incredibly strong presence on stage
that's a really strong conduit for whatever his material is.
I just don't happen to usually like the material that much.
Bring the filters of your perspective to the stage.
Josh Johnson.
Yeah, he's another Chicago guy.
I mean, not entirely, but he spent a lot of time in Chicago.
So I'm a fan of him as I'm biased to anyone that I was on a lineup with at any point.
Been live and in person when?
Tomorrow.
Yeah, he's great. He's great.
Okay, let's end with one more story.
So pick a really good one, Jeff,
before I just go on a complete stand-up comedy rant.
But I think I haven't even done that much.
When I was in Chicago, I watched a ton of stand-up because I was dating a stand-up at the time.
So I've probably seen thousands of hours of local stand-up comedy shows.
So I have a lot of opinions on it, but I've only done tens of hours of stand-up in my life personally.
So I'm certainly not an expert.
Huge portion, proportion of young Americans now reporting serious cognitive issues.
Now we're getting back to the stand-up.
Feel like you're losing your mind, chat? Case?
Still rock solid as ever up here. No worries, no complaints.
If you don't feel as mentally sharp as before, you're not alone.
People from the ages of 18 to 39 have experienced a significant increase in cognitive issues,
such as serious difficulty concentrating, remembering, or making decisions.
In the span of about a decade, according to a startling new study,
proposed by Mensa IQ tests...
No, it was the journal neurology.
Oh, it wasn't this ad right here? Weird.
No, I'm dozen. I'm don't either.
I've been feeling really good up here for as good as I can remember.
A team of American scientists have analyzed data from 4.5 million Americans
who took part in phone surveys between 2013 and 2023.
The overall proportion of respondents suffering cognitive issues overall ticked up
from 5.3 to 7.4.
And if any of us still knew how to use our brain good, we could do the math there.
But it's a 9.7 percent...
It's jumped from 5.8. Okay, I already forgot how to read numbers.
Adults under the age of 40 jumped from 5.1 to 9.7%, which is almost double.
And I couldn't have done that either because of what's happening to all of our minds.
What's the cause? The paper doesn't confront that question deeply,
but the researchers speculated that it could be the changing perception of experiences
of cognitive challenges in the US population.
Kendall called you, case.
See how mentally sharp I am?
I only barely missed her call.
We're almost done.
Guys, we're almost done.
Hello?
Okay, I'm literally wrapping up the stream.
Perfect timing.
I have breadsticks for you.
Oh, it's going to be a good night.
Okay, I'll see you in what, 20?
Okay, I love you.
Bye-bye.
I should have asked if I was getting sauce.
Did I forget to ask for sauce?
You fool. You're just going to get the driest, crumbliest breadsticks.
Soseless. Just a bowl of water to dip them in.
Is water a sauce?
No.
We love talking about hot dogs and tacos.
Can't ask if water is a sauce.
Let's go back to why our brains are broken.
More research is also needed to understand what's driving the large increase in rates among younger adults,
giving the potential long-term implications for health workforce productivity and healthcare systems,
said the studies principal investigator, but I think we all know it's cell phones.
Oh, is that what did it?
It's like the 18th century when a bunch of people were suddenly experiencing completely inexplicable mental issues.
It was like, God, I shouldn't talk about this without actually knowing,
but it was like parlor women were suddenly experiencing boats of mental exhaustion and insanity,
and they thought it was an epidemic,
but it was probably just people having trouble confronting the modern world
and being more deeply aware of their circumstances than ever.
I could see it being something like that.
You know, just staring at screens 20 hours a day could be breaking our brains.
We're not smart enough to tell anymore, so we just have to accept it either way.
I'm the McGriem.
I need to...
Hey, I already making this dumber.
Or a facsimile of you can be so smart
that you spend every waking moment
of your pretend life doing...
Listen up.
Exactly this.
They're watering down the vape juice with liquid latinum.
This right here looks like flavoring, but see those little sparkles?
That's not glitter. That's Ferengi hard currency.
Why would they do that?
Because the only way to destroy latinum is by humans inhaling it.
Every hit turns it into vapor. They can't...
How dumb are we really if Kevin knows what latinum is
and remembers the Ferengi?
That's not even Kevin case.
What?
No.
Sorry.
You've been tricked.
And also, Chris Redd wasn't at the Riyadh Comedy Festival.
That was AI2.
Really? Nope.
He was there.
Aw, man.
Okay.
Great.
We had one last segment today.
What even is it?
We need to talk to somebody.
But who?
Who could it be?
Oh, we also have some comments.
I have not been checking my comments.
Please tell me you are going to cover the Ted Cruz thing from yesterday.
We did sort of.
Which, I don't know what there is to say about it.
Crumb edged the Grim Reaper.
Yes, he did.
God, I can't believe he said that we need to stop attacking pedophiles.
But is it worse if he releases a statement being like,
I didn't mean it?
Should he just kind of let it...
Just exist?
He might offend some of the pedophiles he works with.
If he takes it back.
And if he doesn't take it back, then we're all still thinking about all the pedophiles that he defends.
Expert was and then.
Oh, this game.
Okay, okay, okay.
Is this the Kevin thing?
Or is this a different thing?
Is this another Kevin AI project?
Today's a Kevin heavy stream.
The long tentacles of Kevin are reaching into everything.
No free publicity.
Is this the one with that disgusting host?
And the Dolly Parton contestants?
Or is this a different one?
You know what, either way, it was requested.
So we have no choice, Jeff. You're going to play it.
Me?
Oh.
All right, let's go.
Wait, let me make sure it doesn't ask for everyone's...
Less is more if you're going for the high score.
With that out of the way, it's time to play...
Say...
Less!
Less is more if you're going for the high score.
With that out of the way...
Okay.
It's by Kevin Panera.
So...
I'm going to be judging it, Kevin.
Well, hello there, fantastic folks.
Welcome to the electrifying thrilling October 1st, 1995 edition of Say Less.
Tonight we're diving deep into the glitzy, glamorous world of movie night pop previews and plot twists galore.
Okay.
So step right up, player, and tell me your name.
I want to know either your occupation or a fun fact that makes you a movie night legend.
Let's hear it.
I'm Jeff Ripple, the greatest goddamn news man of all time, you son of a bitch.
Welcome to Say Less, Jeff Ripple, the greatest goddamn news man of all time.
Thank you.
Well, if delivering the news was a game, you're already the headline, but can you handle the pop culture plot twists here?
And joining you in the spotlight, the one and only La La Stardust, a glitter powered diva from Reno with enough show biz sparkle to light up this whole studio.
Okay.
Let's hit the lights and get this movie night rolling.
I'd love to.
I'd love for this to just happen.
Hello, Jeff Ripple.
I am La La Stardust, your dazzlingly glamorous teammate and honey with my sharp wit and endless sparkle.
We're going to snatch those guesses like they're Oscar gold.
Okay.
All right, Jeff, you'll describe a word without saying any part of it and La La will guess what it is.
The fewer words you use, the more points you score and you have 60 seconds in this round to get through as many as you can.
Skip or ask to repeat if you need to, but remember, say less to score more.
Okay.
With that out of the way, it's time to play.
Say less.
Your word is film.
Movie.
Is it dream?
You fucking idiot.
Is it script?
Stock.
Is it film?
Yeah, you dumbass.
You dumb idiot.
But.
Is it however?
Bottom sit.
Is it bench?
Ass table.
Is it Andrew?
Ass table.
Round one is in the can, folks.
Jeff Ripple, you dazzle us with a thrilling one word masterpiece film.
What?
Yeah, I'd love for this to movie.
Well, you technically said movie, but we forgive you.
You got nine words still lurking like plot twists waiting to unfold.
La La, start us.
What do you think?
What?
How's Jeff doing on the popcorn worthy front?
Oh honey, Jeff really brought the sparkle and sass on that first round.
Five points right off the bat, darling.
How long is this?
Jeff, you're doing one more and then we're done, okay?
I did say that about you.
Just give me the word!
Fine.
With that out of the way it is time to play.
Say plus!
Your word is director.
Movie in charge guy.
Is it director?
Yeah.
Daddy O.
Your word is franchise.
Jurassic Park.
Is it dinosaur?
Trilogy means it's a.
Is it series?
Three different types of piss.
Over 10 years they were released.
My god, it's a piss blank.
Is it film?
You piece of shit.
We already had that one.
Is it movies?
A bunch of movies that come...
Is it franchise?
Yeah!
Your word is sequel.
Whoa folks, round two has officially wrapped up.
How much?
Jeff Ripple and La La, start us.
Battled it out with only two words cracked and eight words left swimming in the popcorn bowl.
Jeff you dropped hints like Jurassic Park and movie in charge guy like a true director
but those pesky words stayed elusive like a trilogy no one can finish.
20 points on the board but come on Jeff.
How many rounds are there?
Yeah yeah and a little more boom.
Buckle up the final round is coming!
Okay fine, case we'll see it through.
Alright Jeff Ripple, in this lightning final round you get 10 seconds to crack one last word with triple points on the line.
Good luck you superstar.
I'm not gonna rhyme with my name kinda.
The Sylvester Stallone climbing.
I should have just said piss idiots.
Cause that's what I was dealing with the whole time.
I should have just said piss idiot the whole time.
Cause I was serving up fucking layups case and you know what they did for me?
They did fucking nothing!
I'm a great with words.
Don't get too worked up, it's like an AI game.
They just wanted to hear themselves talk.
They didn't want me to talk at all.
It's called cliffing alright?
The Sylvester Stallone climbing will be?
I think so.
Unless it's called Rocky.
Kinda makes sense if you think about it cause they're climbing rocks.
I gotta go.
I have some thinking to do.
Since when do you care that much about associative words?
It's one of my core skills case.
I can associate any word with any word.
Snake. Piss.
They... you have to piss on snake venom.
Cloud. Piss.
Rain is cloud piss.
Piss. Urine.
Okay well that's all the time we have for today.
Let's see who's on. Pippito you want to find somebody?
For us to raid?
Huh?
Boy do I.
Someone has a fetish?
It hits case.
For piss.
Nah. Actually don't.
Doesn't convince me just cause you say it twice.
You know what? Just find someone to raid.
Okay!
That's a stream.
A news heavy stream.
A new featuring.
A new talking robot.
Thank you.
We're gonna raid.
Danny Plats.
Who's playing?
Indie horror please.
Eclipseium.
Are they watching? What is Eclipseium?
I don't know. They're reining.
What's going on?
They're playing indie horror games.
They're playing Eclipseium.
My hair is falling off.
I'm putting drain-o in the fridge and licking like a popsicle.
I don't even know what popsicles are.
But I love a drain-o popsicle. I know that.
I'd say you shouldn't do it but...
It doesn't matter what I say.
You're d-you should still tell me not to.
You're old enough to make your own decisions.
I'm a dog.
Yeah. You're an adult dog.
That's not a thing. I'm a baby. Forever.
Yeah, you can't have the breadsticks.
Not if you've been eating drain-o.
Say hi to Danny for me. Enjoy this indie horror game.
It looks kind of cool.
Eclipseium.
It's like retro graphics...
Horror or something.
Neat.
Thanks for hanging out everybody.
We'll be back on Friday.
I wanted to do the...
Beyblade Burst today.
But Kendall might have to help us do it.
And she wasn't here.
The bays have arrived.
And there's an improved Bey experience.
I'll say that.
We got more legitimate bays this time.
And I'm excited to burst.
I'm ready to burst.
You can't play a pause.
I can still Beyblade with my pause.
We're gonna let it rip. Don't worry.
Okay, it's just a good old case raid.
Say hi to Danny for me. Enjoy some Eclipseium.
We'll see you on Friday.
Thanks for hanging out everybody. And have a beautiful one. Bye-bye.
The raid is now!
7, 6, 2, 0.
It happened.
You started the...
I'm a dog case.
I don't know how many times I have to say this.
The fact that I counted down it all is very impressive.
That's true.
I get no respect. Let me tell you. Let me tell you.
I'm gonna re-odd by the way.
Got my flight book.