I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, let's do this.
Hellooo everybody.
Oh my god.
It's time for a little bit of news before we do a stream of the Patreon stream.
Good to see everybody.
Oh, got the neck shadow going today.
Uh, Tam Tran, thank you so much for the hot sub pouring in.
And that's just, I'm sure that's the way you love to describe it yourself.
Uh, 33 months.
We've been doing whatever this is and it feels brand new to me still guys.
Feel like a brand new baby.
Speaking of...
Um...
And today daddy says, I've tickets to see your character die in person tomorrow.
Oh, very exciting.
You know, before we get to this, oh my god.
There's too much hype happening.
Hype train, hold on for a second, okay?
I gotta say things other than high hype train at the top of the stream.
I'm assuming.
You don't have to.
Oh, you don't have to do that.
Why do I always like this?
You sound a little odd there.
No!
Focus on me!
Focus on me.
Focus on me.
Focus on me.
I don't remember that song at all.
Yes you do.
No I don't.
Why are you interrupting me?
Because I'm full of hype.
It's the same as always.
Don't nag me, I don't understand you piece of shit.
Relax. Everybody relax.
Play the apology music?
I actually do have to play the apology music.
Hype train, turn off your hype music.
I have to apologize for the most expected reason.
I have to move the wall stream to Sunday.
I don't, I didn't want to do it.
But it's for the other thing I wanted to talk about.
I know.
Um...
The thing that Entadetti has tickets for on Friday.
The guest I was going to have, I'll just say who it was.
Because it no longer is.
John Madison was going to do it with me on Friday.
Both of us kind of underestimated that we had a full event that day that we agreed to be available for all day.
So I, I can't do it during the afternoon.
You will be able to watch me do this thing with John and a bunch of Smosh people.
Um...
Which Entadetti has tickets for.
Let me pull up the details so I don't get it wrong.
I'll use the power of um...
Gina being responsible at promoting things to give you guys all the details by pulling up her tweet.
I'll tweet later.
I like to, I like to really blitzkrieg my self promotion in the last 24 hours.
The Dynasty typewriter for live or Smosh live site.
Entadetti has all the details.
What? Why does Gina post so much? Here we go.
Okay now I'm just going to stop playing this ad music.
Because this is technically a good thing, everyone.
You hope I get my ass smashed?
Well on the bright side, Sunday 1pm.
Now I even have a time for it and I have another guest lined up.
Who's also a friend of mine.
Unsurprisingly.
Anyway, me, Gina, Chance McCray, Arashah Lalani, Smosh and Smosh Games.
We're doing a show this Friday where we're all going to die.
It's like D&D, but more murder based.
And not John Janzord Dragons and Horror.
And I'll probably die first because I usually am bad at things.
So I probably will die.
And also George is the DM.
You guys all know him.
Who's my character? Do you guys want a spoiler?
Or should I make you wait and see?
Oh wait I already posted pictures of the characters maybe.
I need to look up all the promotional details for this because they sent me a whole email packet.
You're not watching it. It's at 7.30.
East Coast, West Coast time.
Immediately getting that wrong as well. West Coast time. We're all going to die.
Yeah, guess who took this photo guys?
They're like, we need a picture, a recent picture of you.
I was like, recent?
I've avoided taking photos for the last eight years.
So the beautiful Kendall Lynn's picture of me in front of...
Well, I'll let you guess where.
And that's my new headshot.
It's mostly chest. It's mostly a chest shot.
Yeah, you want to have your chest arrow.
You want to have a deep V.
You want people to know what they're getting into.
That's my strategy at least.
The fish tie maybe would have been a nice choice.
You can still buy tickets. It's in an hour.
Sorry, it's in one day. Two hours and 42 minutes.
Like someone who actually knows how to promote an event.
They have a countdown for it.
They're too good.
Meanwhile, I keep changing the date of my event.
But Sunday, on the bright side, it gives me more time to mess with the thing
that I'm trying to make to get into the wall.
That is, it gives me more time to mess with the wall.
You know, I'm curious when you see what the wall is like.
If you'll be like, why did this take so long?
If you'll be like, damn, that must have taken a while.
I could see you having either thought.
So that's exciting.
And all of this housekeeping killed the hype before it could even start.
Hype Train instantly died.
This is true. I had a whole thing about how piss is the new crypto.
He's dreaming right now.
You all earned a hype chest.
Guys, we earned a frog emote.
Wait, it's only visible to me?
How does hype even work?
Okay, so anyway, that's the main thing.
Ignore me being a flake.
And focus on this show that I'm excited to do and that you can watch online.
You can buy a digital ticket if you're interested.
I can even tell you how much it is probably.
It's $15 for a streaming ticket.
For the price of one LA half sandwich, you can see me get murdered as a guy.
As a weird guy.
Anyway, I don't know if they shared the characters yet.
So I'm going to keep it a secret even though it might literally be on their Instagram.
Yeah, I'm basically a pay-per-view now.
It is a pay-per-view. Yeah, it's a pay- I've gone pay-per-view.
I've returned to the pay-per-view model.
Like WWE going to ESPN.
I'm going smash pay-per-view.
Kendall is on a flight.
You guys might not even know this, but Kendall's been on a town.
Part of the reason I didn't stream yesterday is I was hoping to surprise her with...
It's not JD Vance. That would have been kind of fun.
But people might have gotten confused and thought it was actually JD Vance.
And then if I died, they might have thought,
Oh my god, there's been another high-profile assassination.
And it could have caused a national panic.
So I had to go with a slightly different character.
I might have to pick them up from LAX.
So there's more bad news.
You should just show up as JD Vance anyway.
Some argue that I do every time.
In fact, it's mostly you and Chad arguing that.
Not even me.
Just fucking me over all the time with reminding me of how I look.
What's up with your voice?
What do you mean? I feel fine.
I'll take Chinese JD Vance.
What are you doing? Sunday!
I'm going to get some wall-papita.
I'm not in there.
You have?
Oh yeah.
This is not a good place.
What?
Even for me, I'm like...
This is crazy.
Okay.
Now I'm going to go to LAX later.
The state keeps getting worse.
Stop with my penis! One more flake! I'm eating you!
He's going to eat me? Oh, he's a zombie, I guess.
That was Crumb just piping in like he likes to at least once a stream
before we even go to his segment.
It's bashing through the LAX wall?
Yeah, I'm going to stream live from LAX with Smosh.
It's an airport stream where we go to the airport.
Anyway, I think this should be a fun thing.
This should be a fun thing.
Everyone else has a way bigger following.
So it's mostly their responsibility to promote this.
But I'll still do my part and tell all of you...
Watch it. Just watch it.
Or just buy it and don't watch it.
Buy it!
You know?
That's not a very good sales pitch.
Yeah, but it'll also be good.
But that part of it is not watching it.
Yeah, but I just mean...
Where's the link?
Live.Smosh.com
Can I type in links?
Because it's my stream.
Sh, I can. There it is.
Link is in the chat.
Okay.
What are we doing today other than this?
Who killed Crumb? Munch or chat?
That's a really good question.
You know what's crazy about this wall stream?
Is I have legitimately been working on it now for three weeks.
And I still was like...
When I realized I was going to have to push it
because John couldn't do Friday.
And technically I can't either.
I was like, uh...
Damn, this will give me more time.
It just goes to show if you left my own devices
I will work on assets until I turn into dust.
I'm getting blown up!
I gotta do some girlfriend maintenance really quick.
I love you!
I'll read you guys what I'm typing.
I love you!
Have a safe flight.
Can't wait to see you.
I mean every word. That's a trick.
I do mean that.
But you gotta let yourself go there
if you want a really girlfriend properly.
What about the Papito late night show?
Will it replace Kimmel now?
I think it's gonna be the only...
Talk Show still standing.
It's gonna be the only show trying to use the legacy talk show format
of remaining.
Everyone else is like...
It's politically expedient to liquidate these.
And also financially.
But not me. I'm like bring it back.
I want to show up the latest to the party
once the party is completely over.
That is the next thing after this Wall Stream
is finishing up this Papito talk show.
And then...
Maybe I'll finally do that workout stream.
I actually do have a list of projects.
Oh my god, why am I getting blown up so hard?
Sorry, it's all just...
It's all these bookings coming in.
I'm so...
It's definitely not all the same person.
Until somebody tries to merge with Twitch.
I do think like...
Again, talk shows are basically in my opinion
just been replaced by podcasts.
Which I don't know if that's an improvement.
Even though talk shows could be really corny
and the celebrity interviews are always kinda hard to watch.
I'm not sure if podcasts are that much better.
Metalcast, thank you so much for the 31 months.
Also, it's funny that they're all going down
as just a bunch of...
television execs prostrating themselves
before their new God King Trump.
It's really not how I imagined all of these things, finally.
Getting taken down, but...
Well, I guess let's get into it, actually.
You know? It's a news show
and I only got an hour and 20 minutes for the news.
So let's do a little bit of news.
It still hurts, I'm taking from you.
What's up, everybody?
Look who actually showed up to work today
and actually raises his damn kids.
Yeah, it's me.
Chet Mascade.
Sometimes I forget your last name's Manscape.
Well, I never forget my last name.
So I'll win again.
Do you like that last name?
It's not weird, man.
There's people named like...
Brauber Snakeass.
No one is named Brauber Snakeass.
I'm just saying Chet Manscape's not that weird of a name
when there's people named like...
Lilip Tumkum.
Who is named Lilip Tumkum?
My social studies first grade teacher.
Miss Tumkum.
I used to call her her whole name.
Miss Lilip Tumkum, can I go to the bathroom?
Sounds extremely made up.
Braver Snakeass, yeah, he was a good friend of mine.
He died in a gummy bear accident.
A gummy bear accident.
You're just making shit up, Chet.
No.
That's so fucked up to say.
My friend died in a gummy bear accident.
I know that sounds funny to you,
because you got no fucking soul, man.
How did he die in a gummy bear accident?
He got caught in a huge one.
There was a fair coming through there.
The world's largest gummy bear.
He fell into it, and it absorbed him
like a slime from a fantasy novel.
He couldn't breathe in there, and he dissolved.
He dissolved in the gummy bear.
It was an acidic bear.
It wasn't meant for eating, Case.
It wasn't meant for eating.
I'll miss you forever, Braver Snakeass.
Is it Braver or Braver?
Card King remembers that.
Thank you for remembering Braver.
So it's Braver.
I call him Braver sometimes.
I used to use him interchangeably, because he was so brave.
He didn't even cry while he was in that gummy bear,
as far as we can tell.
Are we going to talk about the news?
I'm just waiting for you to apologize.
I'm sorry for making light of your best middle school.
That was middle school? Middle school friend.
Your best middle school friend dying in a giant gummy bear.
When you say it like that, it doesn't feel like an apology.
Okay, I'm sorry, Chad.
If that really happened, you're still equivocating.
I'm sorry your friend died in a giant gummy bear.
Thank you.
Was that so fucking hard?
Is this stream antifa?
I don't know. Are we taking it back?
From who?
Liberal elites.
Are we taking it back?
Are we taking it back?
Anyway, comedy talk shows.
Did you make a headline?
Comedy talk shows.
Dead?
Question mark?
Is that a headline?
Your fucking headline thing isn't even working.
Jesus Christ.
Get your shit together.
You gotta do everything around here.
Chinese antifa clown.
Chinese antifa clown.
Chinese antifa clown.
That's a pretty good memoir title.
No, it's not. Now who's being a contrarian, Chad?
Just anyone who hears that.
Couldn't even remember the headline.
We trust a smuck with a wall stream.
Apparently not taking your time.
I would have just walked into the wall.
How about that? Well, you need the proper clearance.
It takes time, okay?
You need a group of three to go in.
Three? Sorry.
Possibly three.
I'm getting ticks from all these girls I've been seeing.
Be safe.
See you later.
I'll be covered in Cheerios.
This girl that I...
She likes it when I cover myself in Cheerios.
They gotta be a little wet.
Okay, whatever.
Whatever, man. Are we gonna talk about this
Jimmy Kimmel thing or not?
All right?
We're turning to your news.
I got this picture pulled up in everything.
Okay, fine. Look.
Jimmy Kimble.
You have to know this.
Jimmy Kimmel.
Uh...
His death is being celebrated.
And I thought that was illegal now.
No, he's not dead.
Oh, thank God.
Thank God. Sorry.
I would not have been celebrating. I would have been sad.
Jimmy Kimball, thank you.
Is his...
What is... No, it says he's dead.
His show has been suspended.
Donald Trump's been celebrating the suspension
of talk show host Jimmy Kimball's
um... show
from the Airwives said TV broadcasters
should lose their license over negative coverage
of his administration, adding field to a national
debate over free speech.
Kimmel has enrolled in the effort by
Trump and his supporters to punish critics
of assassinated right-wing activist,
Charlize Kirk, who was shot
with a rifle from afar while speaking
to a crowd at a Utah University
at September 11th.
11th or 10th? Right before September 11th?
Are you just hearing about this?
I'm honestly not sure who Charlize Kirk is.
Please get it right. They're cracking down on everyone.
I don't know if it's safe.
What am I saying wrong?
Charlie Kirk, there's not even a Z in it.
I thought the Z was silent.
Is that how you spell Charlize there on?
Am I being disrespectful?
No, because you didn't mean to.
Oh, thank God.
Since allies of Trump Kirk have warned Americans
to properly mourn the divisive figure,
or face the consequences.
This is coming courtesy of CNN.
Just for the record, assuming this is controversial at all,
I'm on your side, whoever's listening.
Fantastic.
You didn't say anything fucked up about Charlie Kirk, did you?
I think I did immediately say he was a huge piece of shit,
but the overall thrust of my feelings
was that it's bad that he died,
if that makes a difference.
It doesn't. How many times do you say he's a piece of shit?
I said it pretty much the whole time talking about him,
and I'd still say it, and I still think he is
and what was.
But I do think it's bad he died.
Hmm. Okay.
Anyway, what did he say?
What kind of incendiary shit has Jimmy Kimball been
just spitting into the universe?
Who knows over the weekend
with the MAGA gang desperately trying to characterize
this kid who murdered Charlie Kirk
as anything other than one of them
and do everything they can to score political points from it.
In between the finger pointing,
there was grieving on Friday the White House
flew the flags at half speed
and he was like,
I don't know, I don't know,
but I think that's the way the White House
flew the flags at half staff,
which got some criticism,
but on a human level,
you can see how hard the President is taking this.
I condolences on the loss of your friend Charlie Kirk.
May I ask, sir, personally,
how are you holding up over the last day and a half, sir?
I think very good, and by the way, right there,
you see all the trucks,
they've just started construction of the new ballroom
for the White House,
which is something they've been trying to get,
as you know, for about 150 years,
and it's going to be a beauty.
Yes.
He's at the fourth stage of grief, construction.
Demolition,
construction.
This is not how an adult grieves
the murder of someone he called a friend.
This is how a four-year-old mourns a goldfish, okay?
I think I pulled the wrong clip, actually.
Sorry, that was incredibly mild.
Um,
political commentary.
I think I accidentally looked up
completely forgettable
and incredibly mild takes.
No, that was the...
You got it, that's the clip.
Oh, so what he said was actually really fucked up then.
Is construction fucked up?
What do you mean?
Like, is it fucked up to bring up construction now?
Um,
I think that part is fine.
Babies.
Was that like a dead baby joke, because he was calling Trump a baby?
And then people are thinking he wants to kill Trump
like a dead baby.
He didn't even mention Trump as a baby.
He didn't even mention Trump.
He didn't mention dead babies at all.
But it's death and then there was a baby joke?
Or toddlers?
What was the problem?
You just can't say.
You can't say stuff that he doesn't want to hear.
It's, um...
I mean, it certainly lends some credence to this whole, uh,
Colbert getting fired over
comments against Trump thing.
They made fun of him crying over his sick baby.
I remember that.
I don't remember that.
The pearls aren't being clutched.
Maybe that's the... maybe we need to outlaw pearls?
Maybe that's the... maybe we need to outlaw pearls?
Because it does seem that people clutching them
is messing with their head a little bit.
I'm actually in support of that.
We should stop the terrible scourge that is pearls,
which you can clutch.
The White House has construction case
canceled yesterday because of supposed construction.
Maybe he really... maybe he is really JD.
Maybe he really... maybe he is really JD.
JD and I just have a similar
process when it comes to building things.
Which is go really slow and throw out the wrong date a lot.
Uh, intentional news is crazy.
International news.
Internation.
Pearl Necklace says,
Is that a kink?
Am I saying something? How many...
Is every... can I say stuff?
Quick question case.
Am I done for?
Because canceled culture is back, but it's twisted.
Chat.
I went on a whole rant about how dumb
I think that particular line of reasoning is.
So maybe just for my sake, could we not?
But it's back.
Even fucking... everybody's saying it.
Even fucking...
My boy.
Barack Obama's saying this shit, dude.
He's fucking laying into the fucking
sensors, man.
Wait a minute. Let me... let me
fucking pump this up real quick.
Cause this... cause he's... Obama's
entering his fucking punk rock
era.
Shit's getting real, guys.
Shit's getting fucking too real.
After years of complaining
about canceled culture, the current
administration has taken it to a new
dangerous level. By routinely
threatening regulatory action
against media companies. Unless they
muzzle or fire reporters
and commentators, it doesn't like.
That's the drumming part. You did the
air guitar during the drumming part.
You can do air guitar over it.
There's guitar all the time.
We don't get to do the drop.
You're gonna get this whole stream taken, though.
They drum out the same thing.
He's being so pedantic as usual.
I'm glad you learned the word
pedantic. Well, I saw a pedantretist
for my foot.
So now I know what it means.
Pedantretist.
Fuck.
I ate too many meatballs.
This probably will be muted.
You weren't even talking. You were just
fucking rocking out.
Just like Obama, who's finally taking
it to cancel culture.
Or maybe he did he do cancel culture?
Who did cancel culture?
A bunch of people online freaking out
over
just the trend of people being
occasionally
screwed over by public discourse, which is
the thing that's been happening forever.
But now it's worse than ever. Yeah, because
there's more people talking
publicly than ever.
It's a very strange time.
You can go online
and you can see people saying
calling for the murder of whoever
you are in the mood to hear
called out.
You can see videos of people
getting slaughtered all over
every social feed. But if Jimmy
Kimmel does a joke about Trump
being a baby, they take
his entire show off of
the legacy platform that fewer and fewer
people are watching.
Yeah.
Dude, media is kind of cool, actually. Now that you put it that way.
We canceled racist.
So only fair that now they cancel facts.
Oh, God.
It's just like a
it's just
all these bad ideas constantly ping-ponging
off each other, creating new terrible ideas.
The sheer number of people that were
trying to equate this to Roseanne
and Gina Carano, though, like the president
didn't push their firing.
I just it's like a
it's trying to control
speech over the assassination
of let's face it an extremely
political figure. Again, he shouldn't
have been killed.
And the fact that it immediately goes to
fucking Roseanne and Gina Carano.
And that seemingly
every
people I usually agree with in my social media
feed are so down. I mean, not necessarily Obama,
but you know so many people are so down to just
be like, oh, sick. I get it.
Because of cancel culture.
Maybe I'm just maybe I'm clutching my pearls now,
but something about that argument
really drives me and just that framing
makes me want to, you know,
pull my hair out, but I can't because I got to
hang on to it while I can.
Losing your job versus losing your life.
Yeah, losing your job versus like
also people are being, you know, actively
imprisoned just for
many people are just trying to
enter the country legally.
People's speeches being actually limited.
Like Jimmy Kimmel isn't
the main victim of like the crackdown
against free speech here. I mean, it's
ridiculous that a show is getting canceled, but they've
been deporting people for just criticizing
Israel. And while all this is happening,
they're codifying laws that
would prevent companies from ever disparaging
Israel in any capacity
or risk complete censorship from the
American government. It's like
and that's not even getting talked about.
We're just talking about Charlie Kirk.
Yeah, but I think what happened to Charlie's is so sad.
You don't even know his name yet.
Yeah, but I know enough to respect
life case
and char Charleston.
Chaplain.
How are you getting further from it?
Chand, Chandorino.
Charley's
cork. It's Charlie
Kirk.
Shortlecock.
At least I would know at least I know
enough to respect life
and mourn the passing of
Shortlecock. You're doing a really bad job.
I'm doing a better job than you.
You son of a bitch.
Charizard.
You know if this shit happened to Charizard,
everybody be on their fucking lawns
just shooting guns in the air.
If you're telling me if Charizard
was assassinated, everyone would be on
their lawns right now shooting guns
in the air. A lot of people don't even
have guns. They go get one. They're
everywhere. They'd be so pissed for
Charizard and we can't even have that same energy
for Captain Kirk.
Quick, we're just
reading the names in chat. Well, I'm just trying to figure out what his name is.
It's Charlie Kirk. I've said it so many times.
Yeah, but I don't trust you because your energy's off.
You're being weird about this.
Chad, if anyone's going to get us in trouble here, it's you
because you keep calling him Shortlecock.
Is that his name?
No, it's Charlie Kirk.
Oh, it's Cork from Deacpace 9.
Oh my God, Cork died?
Didn't he have a lot of powers?
How did that even happen?
Well, anyway,
I guess to continue talking about
well, you know what, actually, I
haven't read that much into the Jimmy
Kimmel thing outside of him being taken off the air for
that incredibly mild joke.
Has there been any other, like,
motion on it?
Does this story cover that at all?
I'm earnestly asking you, Chad,
you, Chad, I've been handed the terrible
responsibility of reading a story about this
even more.
Since returning to the White House in January,
Trump has used his office in court to attack
unflattering speech about him and is
called the Famitarium Fals.
They're giving us a general rundown of it now.
This is CNN though.
Okay.
Wait, no, this is Reuters. This is even in CNN.
Oh my God, it's supposed to be fair and balanced.
Kimmel's suspension came after owners of local
TV stations had said they would stop broadcasting
his celebrity-filled late-night show
in the FCC chair, Brendan Carr,
threatened to investigate Kimmel's commentary
about Kirk. Trump, speaking to reporters
about Air Force One as he returned to the
US, complained about receiving bad publicity
from broadcasters saying that something
that should be talked about for licensing
all they do is hit Trump.
Playing the hits.
I would think maybe their license should be taken
away, he said, and nailed it.
Nailed it.
I guess he got
he got the hot action of getting
Jimmy Kimmel off the air.
Or in his ass jet that would be
quite the movie.
What powers did Quark have?
Oh, I'm thinking of the other guy.
I'm thinking of the guy who's basically got
great Gazoo powers but isn't Star Trek.
Is Quark a pharangy?
I'm really, I'm showing my lack of, I'm
thinking of Q.
And now I get it.
You get it now that this is Quark and I don't
know who Johnny Quark is.
Charlie.
Kirk.
Right.
Charlie K.
You've been dead this whole fucking stream.
There's a ghost in the chat!
Whoa, what was that? I'll freak it out!
Hmm.
I am
sad that I confused Q and Quark.
But they're both Q names.
Now you see my problem, case.
I'm just trying to respect someone
by getting their name 100% right.
And that's a process. You have to say a lot
of crazy names to figure out the name of
Chandler Queen.
Chandler Quinn.
Chandler Cueve.
I forgot this is also Payola's story as
they want to buy those
Tegna ABC affiliates.
What? I gotta keep reading.
Anyway, Trumosa to spend their license
but then they served up Kimmel as a human sacrifice.
Kimmel, a comedian who frequently
lampoons Trump. My favorite
form of comedy.
Said during his 9 minute opening monologue on Monday
the allies of Kirk were using, well yeah, we saw it.
22 year old.
We also know the details of that.
Anything else here?
Uh,
Jimmy Kimmel averaged 1.57 million
viewers per episode for the TV season
that ended in May.
In the week since Kirk's murder, Kimmel is the most famous
American to face professional blowback.
Though plenty of less famous Americans
apparently got fired but whatever
they don't have a TV show.
You mean from the online
Twitter campaign?
I guess.
It all sounds like a conspiracy.
Oh, speaking of conspiracies,
that guy who killed that guy.
Do you hear about that guy who died?
Yes, Charlie Kirk. You've been saying his name the whole
the whole show wrong.
Oh, that's
who this was about. I just thought it was about some
famous guy dying. It is
right.
Alleged tech messages
between Tyler Robinson
and his roommate on the day
that Champa Karn
was killed.
You ready for this?
You want to
read these along with me?
Do a little read through here?
Well, you're the only one here so
I'll play the part
of
the roommate
because I refuse
to sensationalize
the words of a killer.
We're reading his text messages as we speak.
Yeah, but I refuse to play
into this media narrative that we must
hyper focus on the specifics of everyone
who commits evil. That's why I'll be reading the part
of the roommate case and you read Tyler Robinson.
Okay.
Drop what you are doing.
Look under my keyboard.
The roommate. I'll do the stage directions.
The roommate looked under the keyboard. You know, a lot
of texts come with stage directions just so you know.
The roommate looked under the keyboard and found a note
that stated I had the opportunity to take
out Charlie Kirk and I'm going to take it.
Okay, here we go.
What?
You're joking, right?
I am still stuck.
Oh, sorry. I'm still okay, my love, but I am stuck
in Oram
for a little while longer yet.
Shouldn't be long
until I can come home, but I got to grab
my rifle still.
To be honest, I had hoped to keep this secret
till I died of old age.
I'm sorry to involve you.
You weren't the one who did it, right?
I don't want the music. I am. I'm sorry.
I thought
they caught the person.
No, they grabbed some crazy old dude
that interrogated someone in similar clothing.
I had planned to grab my rifle
from my drop point, but
shortly after, but
most of that side of town got locked down.
It's quiet almost enough to get out,
but there's one vehicle
lingering.
Why?
Why did I do it?
Yeah.
I had enough of his hatred.
Some hate can't be negotiated out.
I wanted to do this so I could
cleanly tell you my entire motive.
Five texts in.
Some hate can't be negotiated out.
I am able to grab my rifle unseen.
I have left
no evidence going to attempt to
retrieve it again. Hopefully they moved on.
I haven't seen anything about them finding it.
How long have you been planning this?
A bit over a week, I believe.
I can get close to it, but there's a
squad car parked right by it.
I think they already swept that spot,
but I don't want to chance it.
I'm wishing I had circled back and grabbed it soon.
Let me just really get into the details
of this particular rifle that confused everyone.
I'm wishing I had circled back
as soon as I got my vehicle.
I'm worried what my old man
would do if I didn't bring back
grandpa's rifle, the murder weapon
that I'm now explaining.
IDAK, if it had a serial number,
but it wouldn't trace to me.
I worry about prints.
I had to leave it in a bush where I changed
outfits, explaining that.
Didn't have the ability or time to bring it with.
I might have to abandon it and hope they don't find prints.
How the fuck will I explain it to my old man?
Only thing I left
was my rifle in a towel, just like the FBI said.
Remember how I was engraving bullets?
The fucking... that's how you know it's real.
Messages are mostly a big meme.
I see Notices Bulge U-Woo on Fox News.
I might have a stroke like a young boy that I am.
Alright, I'm gonna have to let you know
that I'm not a big fan of the old man.
I'm not a big fan of the old man.
I'm not a big fan of the old man.
I'm a big fan of the old
this exchange. Listen I wanted to take this to my grave. My dad wants photos of the
rifle. He says grandpa wants to know who has what. The feds released a photo of
the rifle and it's very unique. He's calling me right now not answering. Since
Trump got to office my dad has been pretty die-hard maga. I'm gonna turn
myself in willingly. One of my neighbors here is a deputy for the sheriff.
You are all I worry about love. I'm much more worried... oops sorry. I'm much
more worried about you. Thank you. I do want to do my part. Don't talk to
the media please. Don't take any interviews or make any comments. If any police
ask you questions ask for a lawyer and stay silent. Just you know I guess this
is a fucked up comparison but do you remember... chat do you remember this?
Back when Israel bombing hospitals wasn't just accepted as a thing they do
and then they did it to all the hospitals in Gaza. But the first one that
got national attention for them bombing they released this audio of two
terrorists being like hey guys oh shoot I misfired my bomb and it struck it
exactly this time the hospital that's that everyone's might be talking about
like it was the most stilted and bizarre exchange ever just being like
it's us who hit the hospital again and again and again. This does have that
same energy. I mean there's no... it's not like we have any proof that it's fake.
It's incredibly odd that he just completely gives his motive then explains
why the rifle stuff was so weird then explains why the clothes swap was so
weird there's no timestamps they've just included fucking gray text explaining
that they found the note that there's no nothing but forensic proof that it
exists. If you wanted to drive people insane this would be a good thing to
release because it is just so insanely unconvincing but also you know maybe
he's just a maybe he's just an AP kid oh because he was real smart right so he
probably uses words like vehicle and my old man yeah if you have like a if you
have a three digit IQ to quote elephant graveyard then you just can't help
but use words like vehicle and my old man you kind of just all the smartest
people in the world are constantly sort of drifting back into the 1950s
Caspital wrote it himself or chat GPT really convincing exchange exonerating
the FBI in every way imaginable and pinning the blame on the LGBTQ community
somehow it really reads like a bad TV show I don't want to entirely
discount that it could be real you never know some people are just weird
robots I guess so it's not impossible but I can't say that feels super believable
it doesn't feel quite right doesn't pass the mustard test what is where you
scrape right mustard up your nose and then you ask yourself should I put that in
my mouth that is not a test chat yes it is that's what my dad used to do and he
why did he do that anyway if it isn't real he's gonna get my mistrial I do
assume he would probably come out and say it's fake if you if it's well I'm who
knows who knows how it's working behind the scenes with with Tyler over here
last thing before we go and speaking of Caspital before we go on to the the webs
um Caspital was making the rounds at the senate a hearing committee committee
oh we were hearing cash out maybe we can find highlights let's just type in
Caspital Senate highlights into YouTube and get the highlight reel if such a
thing exists because you know I like to see the slam dunks more than anything
don't worry the national desk has your back with 13 minutes of Caspital highlights
I don't know if we're going to make it through all of this someone needs to cross
reference the writing salad of both cash and vans his books if they if if they actually wrote
it themselves or if like cash actually just fake text themselves if he didn't delegate that but
maybe you can't delegate it because you're trying to keep this a secret he's doing a great job because
I was convinced I mean I really got into the part of partner and I was really feeling her
emotional journey of asking you know one word questions and nothing else
definitely in a case like that where you've just found out the person closest to you just
committed the most high-profile assassination of the last couple years at least
you would just text why and huh yeah you'd sort of be speaking in like a emote talk when you're shocked
you default to just emotes basically okay anyway let's see what cash had to say to the senate
because I'm sure they're going to hold them to task for all of his possible missteps we're not coming
down on a side here we're on the side of justice actually and it's up to the senate and cash to
determine who's on that side for us from that the testimony you're about to give before he's looking
good the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth so I hope you guys and that is right after
she gives this testimony in front of an FBI agent among others she's transferred to a minimum
security prison not suitable for a sex offender like herself let's talk about who made that decision
and why the bureau of prisons the bureau of decisions made it in prisons the bureau of prisons
decided on their own sorry about that everybody consultation with blanche or anyone else that
they were going to suddenly after this interview completely unrelated to this interview completely
unrelated to anything she said move her to a prison not suitable for a sex offender you want the
american people to believe that do you think they're stupid no i think the american people believe the
truth that i'm not in the weeds on the everyday movements of inmates what i am doing is protecting
this country providing historic and combating the weaponization of intelligence by the likes of you
and we have countless sleep i'm gonna say they should make munch the new cia director if they
get rid of him because we want this same kind of strong energy and i do think just kind of yelling
and saying you're right is exactly the kind of thing that he could bring proven you to be a liar
in russia gate in january six you are the biggest fraud to ever sit in united states senate you're
disgraced to this institution and an utter like a bracelet i'm not surprised a statics later this
is a senate hearing committee where they're holding cash patelle to task are beleaguered just
trying to protect the country fbi director thank god you're defending in case everybody's just being
so mean to our boy cash i'm not surprised that you continue to lie from your approach and put
on a show so you can go raise money for your sure how gavels are so fun political buffoon at best
well you can take an in a troll taken to the bank that the fbi is protecting this country
and the state and citizens of california well all the airmen nothing more this is good stuff internet
point of order this is good stuff all you care about is a child sex predator that was prosecuted
by a prior administration and the obama justice department and the biden justice department
that's what president trump do bring new charges courageously and what a shaggy 175 thank you so
much for the community sub this is the kind of thing that this country needs and what you're doing
is an absolute the opposite of a travesty and i will not sit here and not say that
thank you so much for standing up for that sub uh chat somebody's got to do it if we don't
chairman take control transfer and fbi director in history controls 33 000 pages of information to you
i challenge you to say anything credibly to the truth go ahead and run to the cameras where you
want to go now it'll be a bit quiet hey the agency's priority is primarily play the hype
fucking do we have any music let me flip it take the closest we got it's our boy
it's our fucking boy stepping into the ring guys the king charlie you gotta learn the actual names of
people chat if you're gonna reference them well but honest you know i do like because he's the guy
who's talked for a long time he this guy can talk in government longer than anybody and you prove
that earlier this year and ever since then i know that he's the one defender of democracy let's continue
to pursuing donald trump's immigration enforcement agenda according to ice data the kato institute
which is a conservative think pink found that 20 20 of all agents have been diverted from their
work to do assist ice immigration enforcement 20 part of this operation is the work of mass
law enforcement who jump out of cars snatch people off streets at churches schools and their jobs
and hospitals have there been any fbi agents who investigate crimes against children that have
been assigned to immigration enforcement yes or no the premise of what you say is in terms of any
fbi or no no no that's like in foreign domestic terror you don't get to say the america is not
safe for under this i am not safe america is safer because of the work of the fbi are doing
presumption of pre-apprentices. Sir, you have, you were not denying that FBI agents who
investigate human trafficking have been reassigned to immigration enforcement. You are not denying
that FBI agents who are on the task force that fight against Russian oligarchs have
not been reassigned. Public corrections squad reassigned. People who defend us, defend
children reassigned. You're not denying.
Whenever I see Cory Booker, I just think of how insane it is that he apparently dated
Rosario Dawson. That's what you're thinking about right now? He's doing the
thing where he talks a lot. It's one of his signature moves. You're gonna watch
pro wrestling. You got to get into the actual moves. I know, but I just can't.
So did Eric Andre? Yeah, but he's funny. Is Cory Booker funny? No, but he can talk
more than almost anybody and he's doing it as we speak. That. I've seen time and time again.
I attack my colleagues premises of questions as a way to not answer the
question. So let me end with this. Okay. I believe you have made our country weaker
and less safe. I believe that we are more vulnerable to a major event and I pray to
God it doesn't happen. Alright, let's see what else we got. You've gutted the Bureau of
Institutional Knowledge. Good. I'm glad to hear that. Let me just ask you a few
questions about that. Mr. Holly reports and suggested that the FBI is investigating
a broader network of groups that may have had some knowledge of the shooter's
plans. Can you give us any details on that following what you already said in
public? How's the FBI working to find other potential accomplices, folks who
may have known about the shooter's plans? Your idiots are congratulations. Any
update on any of that? So in terms of what we do for an interrogation
perspective, we go and reach out to the family and community immediately and
we've conducted those investigations and interrogations with local law enforcement.
And we're continuing to do that because those closest to the suspect are going to
hopefully know the most about the suspect and his beliefs and his ideology. On top
of that. I really gratefully explained why you'd want to talk to someone who knew
the suspect because I never think about that when it comes to investigations.
A lot of people never consider that you'd want to talk to people that knew
the suspect of the murder that you're investigating. But that's why he's the
FBI director because as he just explained, yep.
Unfortunately, it has been leaked that there was a discord chat and for those
unfamiliar with it, it's a gaming chat room online that the suspect
participated in. So what we're doing, we've already done is serve legal
process, not just on discord so that the information we gathered is
sustained and held in a evidentiary posture that we could use in.
Only cash. You know, I think we've heard all we need to hear actually
because I understand now that he's got an evidentiary posture and they can grill
him all he wants. He's not going to be shaken out of that evidentiary posture.
It takes the greatest. It takes a steadfast and resolute
evidentor, just like a dementor but for evidence from Harry Potter
to keep this country together. And cash is doing his absolute best.
I think he is actually. I've not heard of anyone else being arrested, have you?
In relation to what? The evidentiary. Okay, well look, we're gonna move on just
for the sake of time. Fox News, Brian Kilby said we should get rid of the homeless with a more
permanent version of this. Oh, that's from last stream. I forgot to check that comment last stream.
Who in the creamy discord is gonna put us on notice? Rick, Cycor, Kendall, Case, and of course,
Genital, Slit. It's actually exclamation point O followed by the number to vote
if you want to get that vote in for Genital Slit propaganda, just so you know.
Live is easy. Don't do it. Don't play us like that. I think Genital Slit might be the guilty party here.
Are we pre-caging this? Are we gonna Tom Cruise minecrime this shit? Because what has Genital Slit
actually already done? They seem likely to. They seem like a narc. Genital Slit, I still have
your back. We do bully that Slit pretty hard. That's a sentence I don't think I've seen before.
And maybe I should have never seen it. So, stuff seems okay, you know? Compared to last week,
this is a slightly slower news day, I guess. You never want to not be watching the news. Yeah,
you want to be on top of the day-to-day goings of the news as much as possible. I mean, I can only
handle it three times a week, but obviously, you real news heads need to be abridged of every
little thing that happens up to the second. And that's why we're here to, for roughly 20 minutes,
just kind of mumble over clips. And we take that responsibility very seriously. We do.
But it's all, we've hit our 20 minutes and we have to move on to internet videos.
So let's go there. It's time to go amongst the waves. Mm-hmm. Yep, yeah, that's very accurate,
Jake. We're on the internet. I knew I'd figure it out eventually. I've been working on making
my voice a little bit tougher to scare away bees. Do you think that'll ward the bees away? I think
if I get a gruff enough voice, the bees will stop bullying me. How are you being bullied by bees?
They live under my bed and they come out at night. I think you need to talk to an exterminator.
I'm not going to do that to the bees. I'm trying to make them my friend by making them
respect me by talking like this. Oh, you know, thanks for the-we did enough banter. We can
just watch the videos. Okay, let's see what we have today because you can share videos
just like all these lovely people have at the cream.team in the bin section. And then guess what
section after that? Section eight? Uh, no. The-do you know what section eight is? It's the eighth
section? No, it's-you can go to the amongst the web section. Anyway, that's how you do that.
See section? Did you know do them by letter? I didn't. I didn't. That's a good idea though. Let's-in
fact letters. There's one right on screen. Great transition. I try my best.
Yeah, by putting this wood in the a-hole here. You want to make sure the a-hole is nice and clean
before you do it. You get it lined up and once you get it in there, just gently tap. You don't
want to-you don't want to ram it in there. You don't want to break this a-hole. It can be
quite delicate. There. Seems like valuable information. Yeah, that's good-good stuff to know. Also guys,
I reduced the amount of time for ratings from 40 seconds to 30 seconds. It's a brand new day here.
It's crazy. Wow! What? It was 40. It's a big deal. Oh. I almost said speaking of big deals but
you know what I won't use that if it has a transition. Instead we'll look at these
ducks. 8.77. This looks like a cute duck cartoon. Let's just live in the world where it stays that way
because maybe it does. Why are we just standing in the rain? Because it's our duty, son. Why is it
our duty? Because we're ducks and it's what we do. Why is it what we do? I don't know, son.
I don't know. You dare? To appease the duck gods. I don't know.
No, it's not, dad. All right, smart guy. You can go play. Thanks, dad.
They got him. They kind of got him at the end there.
You think he's okay? Yeah. Yeah, I think he's fine.
Oh, thank god. That was a little stressful for me. A 10. A surprising 10.
We usually don't get a 10 that early. It's because he lived. Yeah, yeah, yeah, he lived.
All right, I'll let you guess if this was something I was never meant. Let's just watch this video.
I'ma be fucking. Dude, she ain't 280. She ain't a lady. I'ma wear that motherfucking-
What was he saying? He said something about fucking, I think. What?
I couldn't. His accent was pretty thick. So I couldn't even tell.
Uh, you think that accent's that thick? Yeah. I thought he was talking about like fronting or something.
Jelly, yeah. I think I like everything Jelly Roll does. So you know, I'm a fan of that video.
Who's that? A donut? Exactly. It was a little hypnotic. That's true.
Okay, let's just keep it rolling. So I freaking fricked up potato chips. I freaking fricked up, bro.
I ate these protein cookies. These protein cookies. They're like keto. I was like snacky snack without
getting, you know, and there's fiber in them. 3 grams. 3 grams of fiber. Literally every 2 seconds.
Like, I can't. I got ideas, brother. Like, don't eat these. You will shake yourself. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk.
Cookies can do that? Oh well. That featured several farts. You know, they should have copied her
style of talking for those Tyler, Tyler murder guys texts because then everyone would believe it.
He was like, I fricked up, baby. Ah, farts. I fricked up the whole country with my dang, dang rifle action.
Oh, I'm just saying she has a very natural way of talking. So keep it up.
The pool? Maybe her and the truck guy can get together.
They could create beautiful music together. All right, let's see what this one is.
The pool of the Titanic is still full. Look at the internet go, everybody.
No, the swimming pool on the Titanic is not full of water. The pool is empty due to the ship
sinking and the immense pressure at the depth where the Titanic lies. The pressure would
crush any voids within the ship and the base of the pool cracked as the ship sank, letting out the water.
Oh, that's it. Yay. Is that how the internet really works? Kind of.
It's got that same level of graphical fidelity too. This is really the man of our times.
Whoa. This is the man of the age. They should put this guy in the cover of time.
This would be like man of the year. This guy. I think he represents assault. Maybe if he wasn't in a suit.
You know, as long as he's wearing sweatpants and he's in. The pool is on the ship. The ship is sunk. Therefore, the pool is full.
I kind of agree. I figured that would be the answer.
Like the pool is technically full of water in as much as it exists.
Also, wait. Did they just imply that every
open space on the Titanic collapsed? Like any...
Doesn't that not make any sense? There's still like some of the structures still intact.
It's not like everything got sucked into a completely condensed vacuum.
You think you know better than all that stuff that just happened?
That just doesn't sound that feasible to me.
What I notoriously don't really know much, so.
Maybe I just have to accept it. That's fact.
Earning someone feelings by reporting the news gets you fired now.
Well, then I better just be incredibly
considerate of everyone I've never met's feelings.
That's actually the nicest thing to do. I try to do that when I think of a hard one.
I guess that is the only responsible thing to do. Okay. More.
Is that how that works? Yeah, probably. It's like magic.
I've always said an advance enough period is indistinguishable from magic.
That makes sense. So they're just doing advanced periods.
That Kpop group sucks. You haven't even heard their other songs.
Don't judge them based on one. Oh god, the Sakura gummy man is back.
A long, long TV ads. Or is this from the archives?
Oh, this is from the archives. 7.4 for that last one.
Because we've watched comps of
Sakura gummy long, long man before in this one, six minutes long, we might have to skip it.
Just know we are fans. Me and Jake that big fan of whatever gum it any gum that's long.
The ones that came as tape.
Uh, bubble juice? What was the tape gum?
I think bubble ju- juicy bubble tape. It was bubble tape.
You made it too complicated. It was just bubble plus tape.
Can we get to Walton Goggins before I'm done? Absolutely.
We're almost there. In fact, we'll just do these last three videos and end on Goggins.
Because I see Goggins is in my sight. Well, it says two minutes long.
It's a car race. We might have to kind of jump through it though.
Yeah, I'm driving. Yeah. Come on, go. This is bullshit. Come on, look what you're doing.
Yeah, hi. Yeah, hi. Where am I? Fuck you. Sweet Caroline.
Yeah, look at this here. It's like a movie set. The alien space station maze, killing aliens.
Yeah, hi. I'm in Canada. I'm gonna skip it.
Hey, yeah, I have some beers. Let's get fucked up. Yeah. Yeah, look at this. I'm driving on the water.
It's a miracle. This kidding. It's a boat. I tricked you. Come on, let me drive.
Come on. This is bullshit. Pull over. No, I'm not gonna put it.
Yeah, come on. Let me drive. No, Mr. Schwarzenegger.
You're drunk on being numero uno, you son of a bitch. Come on. Let me drive.
Oh, wait, Mr. Schwarzenegger. This is your kid. We don't do this shit.
Come on. It's like riding a bike. Yeah, look at how big this coffee is.
Yeah, it's big coffee, Mr. Schwarzenegger. Yeah, it's huge. Now let me drive.
Yeah, I'm driving. I'm driving. Hey, Mr. Postman. I'm driving. Yeah, look at me go.
Yeah, come on. Let me drive. Mr. Schwarzenegger, get fired.
Yeah, give me $22. Okay. Yeah, come on. Let me drive. This is bullshit.
No, Mr. Schwarzenegger. Okay, come on. Just let me drive.
Yeah, I don't even want to drive. Good. You drive. Yeah, I'm tired. You drive.
Ah, ah. You have to be...
We're working on your tough guy that voice there. No.
You have to be brave to get into an Uber and be like, do this bit with me.
I'm gonna yell at you as Arnold Schwarzenegger and just go with it.
Flex those improv skills, driver.
Maybe he knows all those guys or maybe it's really Schwarzenegger.
You downloaded this off the internet for some reason like two computers ago and just kept
bringing that folder full of random files with me every once in a while.
Well, I remember that. I know. I'm kind of sad. I never had like a...
downloading my favorite kind of like meme videos off the internet phase because I'm curious what I
would have saved like 15 years ago. Just use your old phones. Search history.
No, I don't want to do that. Why are you laughing at that? No reason. I just don't want to do that.
Okay. All right, let's um... another car video. Oh my god. Two car videos before our Goggins video.
Right over here, I saw my dad kill a guy and he completely just fucking bled out.
And I'll never forget him saying, listen,
God, God is not going to ask you about my sins. He's going to judge you based on yours.
So why the fuck are you crying right now and worrying about me?
And uh, that's why I'm mostly unavailable to women.
I guess that's a good reason to be. If you're going to be emotionally unavailable,
I guess that would do it. Well, anyway, that's that guy's video.
Oh, you found the old music. Why? I didn't even know what it is. 2.4 still do better than some of
the videos. All right, guys, Walter Goggins, send us home. Wrap this up so we can talk to Munchen
from and then go to the Patreon. Here's your Goggins of the day. Let's watch it. Run it back, guys.
Cinema, guys. Cinema. You think anything is sexy set to that music? I don't know. Just testing it.
I'm your nephew? Oh, are you my nephew? You're my cousin. So it's fine. What? I'm kidding.
We gotta go. That's all the time we have. I gotta get out of here. Bye.
Boom. Taking them out. No one would mind if I blew you up with a shotgun because of the way you look.
Sorry, that's just a fact. But instead, I'm going to blow you up with my mind today.
I'm going to headshot you with my brainwaves, which are powerful and undeniable. I'm, of
course, Rob Lushka and I'm joined by an abomination. You know? You know? Kill yourself. Oh, you know what?
I'm glad I said something mean. I'm glad I did because you had that locked and loaded. It wasn't
even a photo. I do. I know. I know. Kill each other. That's what we might do today, except it's
going to be a one-way kill. You can settle down. I know I'm being awesome and you're all cheering,
but shut up, everybody. I know I'm good. I won't kill the dark of futures past the magician longs to see
one chance out between the worlds fire walk with me. Man, you're not a lyricist. Let's face it.
Rams are weak. Just don't even try to do a rap. The Simpsons sing the blues is the first album
released as an offshoot of the Simpsons. The album contains originally recorded music,
not featured in the series save for the first verse of the track, Monon Lisa Blues. The album was
released on December 4th 1990 and peaked at no 30. You can't even beat a corpse in debate and I
bet you forget to come get me tomorrow. I apparently I have to forget because of case,
not me and his scheduling. Oh, I'm doing an actual gig or some shit blah blah blah.
I can't open up the office for you on a Friday to go. Corpse splurging or spelunking or whatever it is
we're doing. How would I even work? I already got your corp. I already got you right here.
Anyway, Sundays now if anybody missed the beginning of the stream or case
equivocated, I'm locking his ass in. I don't care how much red tape is unfinished or whatever.
Bake the tape any color you want. Yellow police tape. I don't give a fuck. I'm going into that
wall Sunday 1pm enough tease in this Jesus Sunday fun day exactly the Lord's Day. That's why I'm
bringing Jesus into the wall and I'm coming out with a devil a.k.a. you somehow I guess you're
going to be hiding in there for me some some fucking I'm gonna slap you with my mind titties you
sick son of a son of a yeah son of a awesome couple kill each other I will not be killed by
you but I will kill you if I haven't already suck you down like a cow tail boy a cow tail
that is saying you suck down a cow tail even the candy isn't like suckable
cat be like below your I'm too quick with it I can sense backwards words okay
okay like my name backwards is hook up hook numb and I know that I know that we're debating the day
even we just have to talk to an expert at Casey's a hurry to fuck up who wait what
with all these weird combo notifications okay who killed the crime month your chat not me you then
you did it then geez not me is the answer and I will never admit anything on camera
about anything ever and nor did I do anything and yeah I'm glad they did they deserve to die
much to tell you when I get back you've been talking to your mom I know things you've met my mom
in whatever hell dimensions rattling around in that head of yours I am curious honestly I'm curious
what your conception of I want to boom boom boom and a zoom zoom everybody wants to do that that's the
nature of existence man everybody wants to boom boom and zoom zoom but sometimes you got a debate
debate the devil realized I have a gambling addiction and set up a casino down here at
since there's no money we bet with pieces of our souls I spent mine up I'm an empty shell of
an empty shell of a human being can you spare me a few soul shards so I can try and win some of
mine back no my soul shards are unfortunately currently tightly fixed to a hell key and I do
feel that at all times a lesser man would have been driven insane by the power of the hell key
housed in my soul what's up jerks that I won by debating beating the devil devil several times in
debate this is all just facts I'm saying and another fact is we need to make get this debate
done I'm on the side of of course chat killed you but at least over me like if those are the
two options so good luck trying to to talk against me and imply that I'm anything other than the world's
greatest friend despite being your number one enemy given you the ability to talk so when you back
together with my friend from New Orleans make it finally discussing how Jack killed me I mean
you know this makes as much sense as anything because need I fucking remind you we're star rating this
how does that even work what are you even rating right now
you just stress test in the system god damn thank you for exposing a hole that was one of
these poles are activated I'm shutting this star rating down the hell I just saw Jake
why is Jake in the walk what's going on right now look I didn't kill him a fucking monkey did
it and the monkey's a robot and because I just did nothing to do with this shit it's just as
likely it was somebody in chat you were just supposed to get scared of a fucking robot there I said
it and this is a 4.67 at least line of debate I thought you were going to get scared of a
fucking animatronic like the complete room that you are and then it murdered you somehow I was
as confused as you want to even start a fucking moving so good luck proving that I didn't god damn
thing the piece of me will always live in your soul munch haunting you eternally
I mean I guess mission fucking accomplished because everybody thinks you're dead and you're still
huh a series of historical real-time strategy video games originally developed by ensemble
studios and published by Xbox game studios the first title in the series age of empire
there's too many polls
it's just a recitation of what age of empires is
I'm selling tickets to sunday for $15
you're gonna profit off of me going into the wall as a corpse which everyone says you are even though
you're right here and talking about who determines how many polls there's too many polls
also I killed him chat you can't even be honest with yourselves you know there's too many fucking
polls right now who even triggered this laughter poll vote now and by the way your joke was only
decent and that makes any comic feel bad just so you know if it doesn't kill then you cut it
subrixy said I love a good poll why is everyone after me today fucking former president
just because I love to talk about I can't take another day I'm hell I can't even pleasure
myself without my penis you want to know why I'm not in trouble because apparently when the
political figures especially talks this political spokespeople get murdered it's a big deal
and you died and nobody gives a fuck so what does that say what does that even say if you actually
died then nobody cares that you need to slap some cheese and onion on that hamburger meat hand me
old crumb will crumb frest on it later I couldn't even track what you were saying because I was
just thinking about how literally your wife will not contact me even though everybody thinks you're
dead I like big butts and I cannot lie you other brothers can't deny if a girl with a tiny
waist and a round thing in your face you get sprung you're not going to get me off this track of
thinking crumb okay everyone who thinks they saw you die no one has contacted me I've spent nothing
but the last several months pissing on your grave openly and in public and I'm in zero
trouble nothing's getting canceled not even an angry email so just enjoy that fact if you
supposedly are actually dead and I'm getting you from hell kill me but Chad was responsible
they knew what would happen they could have let me just win and pay off my debts but no
they woke up and shows violence on multiple days and decided we want to see this guy get
gorilla smashed you can't commit murder if it's a bet that everybody agreed to and you agreed
it's the Aaron Burr rule bet you can't catch this bullet with your chest and that's why he
was innocent same thing here and I left Kendall fire your she's my best friend Kendall is your
best friend now who's living in a pure fucking fantasy anyway you much prayed on my addiction
to gambling suck you how did you just get two points it's so weird without the song I mean
I'm glad it's gone I'm glad it's gone but it's weird that you haven't even mentioned that we
don't play your song anymore yeah why did you get three points we think you just earned three points what
was that about I'm taking the I'm taking you down a peg 10 there we go I think I don't keep track of
your points I didn't do that how would you do they haven't moved in weeks I guess you're kind of
slightly breathing maybe monk's mouth a black hole that sucks all light
black holes are the most powerful force in the universe so it only makes sense if my mouth
is a bunch of all right you know what we got to get out of here it's basically patreon time
and I also have to talk or somebody does not me thank god somebody has to talk to jack the door
that jack was on to verify if the pool is full case has to go talk to the door from the
titanic to verify if the pool was full so we're gonna go ahead and just get out of here and do that
we'll talk to a door I didn't ask for this everybody's bugging me about it that's why you've
got to get out of hell man well assuming I mean it does they say oh man I created
equal but you look at me and you look at snow joey and you can see that statement is not true
couldn't normally if you go on one with another wrestler you've got a 50 50 it's chance of winning
can you stop I'm a genetic freak and I'm not normal so you've got a 25 we're trying to end the
segment from thank you do not talk anymore we get it hey you like the taste of like okay we're
ending the segment lunch the truth is I love you so much and I know you feel the same way about
you so why don't we give all these BL loving viewers what they want and kiss already that has
been begging for you to come get me for the week what the fuck we just got whoa
she's got a very brief appearance from Beyblade okay the wall is seeping into everything making my
buttons do odd stuff well sorry Pepito's buttons never actually my fault get your buttons in
order Pepito I'm gonna loosen up my buttons babe if you don't notice me say you want juicy
baby what what you wouldn't but you see baby loosen up my butt loosen up your butt you gotta
talk to a door that's true I do need to talk to Jack's door uh okay let's see if we can get Jack's door
on short notice for five minutes um you know surprisingly hard to get a hold of doors nowadays
to talk to usually fellas you know what I'm talking about it's really easy to feel like
you're talking to a door but sometimes the doors don't want to talk back okay let's um
to Jack's door uh that we have gotten on short notice Pepito this Pepito saw me this is the
right guy so we'll just go with it uh it's Jack's um door hi it's me Jack's door don't worry
we're all safe at the bottom of the ocean and we forgive you for what you did rose
we forgive you we love your rose it's all fine down here the pool's full everybody the captain made
jungle juice right as the right as the ship sank and we're partying in heaven which is actually
at the bottom of a trench break out the lawn temporarily doodly do seems like you're maybe
haunted by the spirit of a man with an oddly shaped head are you talking about yourself there champ
I've seen more normal looking heads on the tip of a pimple or a penis did the door see that sub
explode hi I did from mission impossible we got we we watched the latest releases on amazon brine
at the bottom of the briney deep you know looks like you survived the sinking quite well that's
because I'm made of sturdy 20th early 20th century industrial child labor oak what child labor oak
they just don't make it the way they used to ever since they banned children from making industrial
strength ship doors I remember back when you could work an honest day at six now everybody wants to
be off work at six when they're 60 am I right folks what and don't even get me started on
women wearing pants oh okay well I didn't ask actually
early 20th century Irish sense of humor might not be going over with this crowd who's jokin
who me all you want all I'm doing is telling the truth cold furnaces burn better when I think that
means and I just want to again exonerate rose you see her text she texted she texted I sorry I
texted the door texted recently hey just so you know I forgive rose and um this is the exact
time I sank and I couldn't have supported two bodies I sent that all in a text
that's really convenient to you explain the whole thing so those texts are leaked don't worry
and that's play my music I gotta go
honestly one of the more mild tempered doors I've ever talked to some of them are
Honestly pretty openly racist, so
We'll count that as a win that's all the time we have guys
Back into the ocean with them hold we dredged them up just for that or rating Gina darling
it's a
Oh shoot, I'm forgetting the
We're all gonna die right let's go with that
We're all gonna die remind Gina of the show that she's honestly
More on top of the meat, but tomorrow 7 30 I'll be on that stream
I'm not quite sure what my call time is if it's a later call time. I might stream
But I have to go to the patreon right now, so most likely I'll just be on that stream tomorrow because I think I'll have a call
Time earlier in the day
I do have to go though if you're a member of the patreon it will be right over there in two seconds
It's a we're all gonna die raid for Gina darling and see you on the patreon if you are subscribed to that bye
Bye everybody
Do little producer now
Oh