Welcome to Beverly and Forb News, that's Kase's arm and I'm Kendall and here are some hearts
on my face and I painted some weird stripes on my arms and I'm wearing a sports jersey
and guess what I'm gonna be working overtime today.
Kendall loves sports now.
I love sports.
I love sports.
Okay, I'll be working overtime. Bye.
I'll be driving to the office at 4 p.m. Bye.
Isn't that good for her?
Isn't Kendall working so hard?
Isn't it good to constantly work?
I've decided.
Kendall's gonna piss first.
She's gotta go to the sports office to piss.
Doing it all for the sport, that's what I'm doing.
Hey everybody, look, I put chat.
I need to work on the formatting of it a little bit, but look, now I can see chat.
No matter where I go, it follows me and I like that.
It's always on the screen.
For everyone, forever.
Has been of a sports reporter?
No.
I have to find someone who knows about sports.
I mean, yeah, sure, we could say that chat is, I guess, potentially our sports reporter.
Actually, I'm a factual news reporter who happens to know tons of everything you could
possibly know about sport.
About sport?
About sport.
Okay.
I just realized I turned up the brightness on my camera, but not chat, so it looks like
he's in a dark space.
I'm constantly, I was born in the, I was banged in the dark, but I'll never be banged again.
Anyway, I love sport.
Okay, that's good to know.
Chat, you know, I feel like I've been negligent though in letting my other stream, my other
little reporters have some fun.
So we'll maybe go someone other than chat today, just to spread the love.
I don't even need this job.
I can't believe you're fucking with me like this.
It's just never mind chat.
It's fine.
What is crumbs miss?
Crumb informed me that at 50 subs, he will read his original children's story called
the night before crumbs miss, whatever that is.
It's going to be a slightly shorter news stream due to my current addiction to lethal company.
If you hate lethal company, which I understand, don't worry, we'll all get it out of our systems
in about two weeks or less, and then it's on to the next, whatever.
But anyway, I'm playing with Ovali and Fiona, and not cast them apparently, and Kendall
has to work, so.
Play the anime girl sound effect.
Play that thing.
Are you really leaving?
Lock the door.
Hi everybody.
Goodbye.
Oh my god, she just cheated on me with all of you.
And I'm fine with it.
No, they kiss him on the forehead like a good mother.
Oh, never mind.
They're my sons and daughters.
Sorry, I forgot that she's your mom, but so behave yourself, chat.
Little kissies.
Just some little kissies for everyone.
Oh my god, she's carrying advanced camo technology.
Yeah, I gotta get up and lock the door, because Kendall's worried that I won't.
She's right.
I won't.
What the?
She needs back in immediately.
She's not actually leaving, and I'm fine with that.
I think that's good.
Oh no, it's sinking.
All right, now I gotta go lock the door again.
What job makes...
There I am.
What jobs make you show up with all those bandages?
Marketing.
Social media marketing, it turns out.
The realest jobs there are.
Anyway, I fucked up all my camera settings, so I should be less dark now, and less
red.
So if I look less red than usual, it's a lie, I'm just as red in real life.
But this camera thinks I'm less red at least.
Marketing is exactly hard work.
Somebody has to tell you what to think and what to buy.
How are you going to have an identity if you don't even know what to buy, chat?
We all got to buy stuff, and someone needs to tell us what it is, because I don't
want to know or have to think about it myself.
So get off my back and mark it to me.
That's an important job is what I'm saying.
Okay, I need to make this bigger.
It's a little too...
You're so small, chat.
I can find you to such a small, little space, but I'll figure that out later.
I could strike, I could give you more.
I could make you a more elaborate little room.
Yeah, you are growers.
You're gonna grow.
My little chatty's gonna grow.
I'm in a weird...
I've been playing too much lethal company and I don't know how to talk to people anymore.
So I better get into some news really quick.
There's got to be some important news coming on the news pipeline.
Oh, it's blocking you, chat.
I got to cut this story down.
That's unacceptable.
We'll cut out the word of parent, there we go.
Now it's...
Now that's how you alter the news in real time.
Now it happened.
Anyway, let's set it over to...
Let's bring over my co- one of my co-hosts.
Let's get Jeff in here to talk about the little news with me.
A little news.
I'll talk about all the news and a lot of news.
Good to see everyone.
I haven't had to work in about three weeks and honestly it's been great.
Never listened to anybody that tells you that it's fun to work.
Zoom in on me.
Nobody wants to work.
I live for the weekend.
But when I'm here, I give you 10,000%.
Not because I want to, but because I'm compelled by the sheer force of my news acumen to do
an excellent job.
The news is getting in all of my mouth.
What the hell was that?
We live under the stairs.
Yeah, you're right, you're little guys over there.
Not me, I'm a huge news man.
I'm a big time news guy doing all the news.
Like Harry Potter.
Looks good all the time.
It is good that I can see what you're saying, 07.
That's not when I was born.
Why would you assume they're talking about when you were born?
What else would that mean?
Something else.
Oh no, my hair is fusing out of existence.
It's too strong to be captured by this camera.
Can we talk about the news?
Well what news are we talking about?
Jokers?
We're talking about the dang jokers again.
I thought that we put that all to bed with Joaquin after he showed us how it really is.
Also we're missing subs and follows.
More tests, thank you for the follow 18 minutes ago.
And Jesslyn, thank you for the, wait 12, why does it say times 12, oh 12 months at tier
1.
I'm slowly understanding how this works.
007?
Maybe they're calling me 007.
No, it's just a Twitch thing.
They're not calling you anything.
Oh yeah baby, give me your sweet bitties.
Oh yes baby, give me your sweet bitties deep inside me.
Why does it say that?
For fun.
Well anyway, thank you Skymer.
For the 100 bits of news, just it's like a Twitch currency.
I can't keep up with all these AIs and cryptocurrencies.
Well it's not a cryptocurrency, it's just a Twitch thing.
The modern world antagonizes me.
That's many folds and twists.
Folds and twists.
Lazy salute.
Hello.
Anyway, it's great to see everybody, JK Varian, Bruiser St. George, Skymer Thundercaz.
This guy looks like one of those losers that has a hotmail account and wears nut huggers
to the mall because he's a jerk.
Burn on you, case.
It could have been about either of us.
How come you're not claiming that one?
That's gotta be about you.
I look like a sexy adult that does, is a world famous news man.
That's how I look.
That's sort of how you look.
That plus a really thick neck beard.
I can't help it if my neck grows a thick beard.
Nut huggers are also good for the nuts.
That's probably true.
I chafe very easily.
I don't need to know that.
Well, that's just, you know, chat's talking about nut huggers.
I think that nut huggers can be a good thing.
I wear the loosest possible underwear.
I may as well be wearing hammer pants.
My underwear is so loose.
What the hell?
Why?
Because I like to feel the dangle and the jangle and I like a good rub against the thigh.
I like to know where my nuts are.
I don't need them contained.
Free them.
Loosen the straps of cruelty.
What?
Jeff, yeah, you're gonna, they're gonna, that's, you don't want too much movement
down there.
Why not?
Like a symphony of sacks.
But not saxophone.
My testicles to be clear.
I got you.
Let's read the story.
Okay.
The Joker's back.
The goddamn Joker has returned.
But not to Gotham.
To uh, Dad Leprechaun.
Thank you for the 10 months.
And I like that, that, that, that world goes right over your stupid face case.
Everybody here is so mean to me.
I don't know what I've done to you all.
Other than give you a job.
It's your, it's just your, you have an antagonistic vibe.
Okay.
Fine.
Anyhoo.
Let's check out the Joker.
Florida's real life Joker calls out Rockstar over apparent cameo in GTA 6 trailer.
We gotta talk.
To who?
To, to, to the Rockstar.
Who's this guy joking?
He's joking the whole, not Gotham, he's joking the Rockstars of the world.
He's joking the Grand Theft Auto creators.
Oh, okay.
Now I'm, it's a video game.
You know what Grand Theft, you have to know what Grand Theft Auto is.
I don't play little kids games.
This is one of the notoriously not little kids games, even though tons of kids play it.
Because it features sex and violence.
So it's adult.
Okay.
Innocent, do-wide babe that I am.
Who's writing?
A little baby wrote this?
Oh no.
We gotta let adults write the news.
I had no idea that the heavily tatted criminal who makes a brief appearance in Grand Theft
Auto 6 trailer looked like a real guy.
But he does.
And now I will live with that knowledge until my last days.
This is a real man.
Actually, I'm not sure if that's the real guy or the Grand Theft Auto guy.
What kind of fun house mirror story is this?
I don't know.
Keep reading.
But he does.
Okay.
Anyway.
Um, he resembles Florida Joker, real name Lawrence Sullivan, a resident of Florida.
Why are we putting us in stories now?
I refuse to read us.
I will not stumble over any sentence, even if it's in the sentence.
Well, if it's in the prompter, you have to stumble.
Damn it.
Florida Joker, a real name Lawrence Sullivan, a resident of Florida with face tattoos and
hair inspired by Jared Latau's per- See, that's a stumble and then you hurt yourself.
A trail of the Joker who originally went viral viral for a 2017 mugshot linked here.
Let's see if it's safe for news.
Holy wow.
He looks better in the game while they cleaned up his, you know, they streamlined the design.
He looks like he passed out a high schooler at high school or kegger and everyone drew
in his past so to ask with a marker that is very harsh thundercass and I'll leave it up
to Jeff to say if it's accurate.
It's deaf.
Look at him.
That's how he looks.
Thundercass nailed it.
10,000%.
Looking, honestly, fucking terrible.
Oh, come on.
It's just a look.
You get to look how you want.
That's, this is America.
The damn it.
This is America.
He does get to.
Or is this Grand Theft Auto 6 and they've stolen him.
Apparently both.
You might have seen that character.
This is him.
This is coming from Florida Joker himself hot off the press.
You might have seen that character on GTA 6.
They just dropped the trailer today says Sullivan in a video.
Wait, can we see the video?
Well, we'll come to it.
You know, that care that they got, oh, I stumbled multiple times.
You know, they got that character with a face tattoos.
You know who they got that inspired by, by me.
Just look me up, Florida Joker, Miami Joker.
You know what I'm talking about.
Sullivan ends the short clip by addressing Rockstar directly.
GTA, we got to talk.
I've reached out to Sullivan to ask if he's been in touch with Rockstar and I'll update
this piece if I hear back and I'll update you right now to know that Dilemma has
been subscribed for 13 months.
How you can tolerate case for that long is anyone's guess.
But we thank you nonetheless.
You're being a real chat today.
What did I do to you, Jeff?
You didn't use me for weeks.
This face, you're not going to use this face.
Okay, look, can we talk after the news?
All right.
I'll talk to boss.
Not the boss of you.
What?
I thought you were.
Oh, I guess I technically am.
I'm so confused.
Ur-O-Rex, barely informed for lucky number 13 months.
Don't walk under a ladder or past a black cat, but do subscribe for 13 months.
Some superstitions are a lie and subscribing a case for 13 months won't get you killed.
Nobody thought it would.
I would be my first thought.
Let's talk about the Joker.
We're getting distracted.
Most of Sullivan's TikTok uploads since then have consisted of screen recordings, most of
which show people either discussing the GTA 6 trailer in general, or the Florida Joker
parody specifically.
And I say we cut out the middleman here, which is this story from PC Gamer, and check
out his TikTok, which I'm assuming they will link to in the story.
What the hell?
I've got to complete a capture to even look at this.
All right.
Let's see what he's got to say.
Okay, he didn't mince words.
I had trouble understanding him because I speak in classic American dialect.
He's honestly pretty easy to understand, let's be real.
I'm just saying the way I read it had way better addiction.
Yeah, but he had more style.
Ah, I bring style, not like Florida Joker.
Since when is this style?
I've got a classic male style.
You're kind of basic, honestly.
What am I supposed to cover my face in tats now?
I mean, if you want to relate to the kids.
Kids relate to tatted up faces?
Yeah.
I have to talk to my agent.
You've got an agent?
Of course.
I'm a newsman.
Don't you?
Yeah.
I, um, how much, wait, is it, how much is it to trademark or wait?
I much as, well, I think you mean how much is it to trademark or copyright yourself?
Unrelated, how much does full facial tats cost?
Well, that's a great question case.
How much?
Why would I know?
Because you told me to.
Um, $10,000.
What?
Well, you got to, you got to pay a premium for your face, or you could do it really
bad for very little.
Like he did it.
You'd probably be surprised.
This guy probably spent a lot of money on his face.
Mike Tyson, the original OG of face tats.
Yeah, let's check out Mike Tyson's face and compare.
Mike Tyson, face tattoo.
Okay.
Mike's doing it with a little more class.
A classic American boxer.
This is the kind of face tattoo I could potentially get behind.
Simple.
Tribal.
Masculine.
What's, what's not masculine about tatting yourself like Jared Leto's Joker?
It's silly.
Why?
Because it's, it's the worst Joker to emulate.
That's the one everybody thought was lame.
Not everybody.
Some people thought like Florida Joker, that it's the premier Joker and cool as hell.
Well since when is he the dictator of taste?
Apparently now, because he's in a video game and they didn't even, he didn't even have
to ask.
They just put him right in.
This is a mad, we're in a madhouse America.
I've lost track of what's happening.
And I talk about the news at least once every four weeks.
Are you claiming Florida Joker stole his design from Jared Leto?
Oh my God.
How deep does this well of plagiarism go?
Um, it's, well, you could argue that Jared Leto, Leto, I don't actually know how to
say his name was ripping off just rappers at the time.
You know, the face tatted up rappers.
He stole that, appropriated it, oh no.
Yeah, I went there and then did extreme white face and then tatted himself.
He's already white.
I know, isn't that crazy?
He had to go so white that he had to go even whiter than being a white guy.
And then he stole face tattoos from rappers.
This is, this is a disturbing trail of theft, of face design.
Innocent.
Okay, that's the start of the story.
Then again, one of his uploads is just 14 seconds of Poltergeist's move, move it over.
I don't, I'm not even going to slap myself.
I don't know what that's meant to say.
A still image of himself in court.
All right, we need to go back to Florida Joker's TikTok and see what's happening.
Here he is.
It's your boy, Joker Gang, Joker Gang, Real Fire, Ross, Chico Lara, for everybody saying that
I'm hallucinating, that I'm not the Joker, from GTA 6, to out your goddamn nuggets.
That's me, that's the person that got the inspiration from.
You said inspiration though, isn't that legal?
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
GTA, we, we got to talk, GTA, we got to talk, or not, you got to give me like a mill or two.
So what's up?
How about me, GTA, Rockstar Entertainment, Rockstar Games, Rockstar Enterprise, Florida
Joker Gang, how's that?
Holy shit, they have so many names.
Y'all took my likeness, y'all took my life, look.
But okay, couldn't they argue that they're just stealing Jared Leto's Joker?
Jared Leto Joker, let's see how he looks.
I love it.
Thank you so much Microphone 900, for the 750 bits of news.
I already told you, it's Twitch currency, I don't understand it, so I'm taking it as
little bits of news, dribbled into my mouth, yum yum it's tasty, Jeff Ripple love the
news.
Okay Jeff, whatever you want man, that's what I like to hear.
Now here's Jared Leto's Joker, he's barely tatted, his only tattoo says damaged.
Oh yeah baby, give me your sweet baby.
Oh my god, I am Apple DApple, your Apple DApple, who the hell is that?
It's a little guy in a hat, well his face is an apple and he eats, he drinks an apple
but only apple snapple, so he's a cannibal.
Is this another, is he in GTA 6 2 now?
Oh my god, if he was, then I'm fucking suing, because that was a brilliant idea
that I had, I mean that Apple DApple had.
All right, he's addicted to Snapple, well that's troubling, that's a lot
of sugar.
People didn't receive the notification, in case, improve the quality of your
stream and notify the viewers that you're lucky to have that you're streaming.
You know what, I'll start tweeting, how about that, I'll tweet, well no I do,
I'm live on Twitter.
I don't know, there's nothing I can do, it's set to notify you, I swear.
Oh the Discord, just get a better bot, you know what, I could probably get a
better bot.
I'll get a better bot guys, get a better bot already.
I will get a better bot, I swear to god, well you better get a better
bot soon, because people aren't getting the notification, I swear to god I'll
get a better bot.
All right, Wolfbot, oh sweet bitties, keep pouring in, and they're deep
inside, whose voice is that, Kevin, Paneras, in Minecraft, don't get mad at
me Kevin, literally you can't get mad at me, you love AI too much, I don't
understand what's happening.
Anyway, this is the Joker, he's barely face tattooed, so now I'm starting
to be back on Florida Joker Man's side, the Florida Joker, not the DC Joker,
Devin Pantera, there's too many threads going on, I can't, Jeff you gotta keep
up man, keep up Jeff, I'm trying, I swear, all right, back to the, wait I
want to check out more of this guy's Twitter, I mean sorry, TikTok, getting
my social media is confused, what the hell is this, why are they all screen
recordings, the game one does look better, well they had more, they, you
know, you can do more, design it more carefully, it's a video game, it's a
glow up, and I think you should thank them, you mean if someone makes, uses
your image but makes you look better, you should thank them, for the
glow up, that's what I do to your face technically, some people say I look
like you but I'm a glow up you, I think you look weirder than me,
honestly, I think I look more normal, and normal could be appealing, no one
likes normal, people like extreme angles and huge beards, I'm right, let's
look at this, he's posting the same shit again and again, at what point
I've been told there's nothing worse than posting cringe, at what point does
this become cringe, I don't know why you're saying it like that but I
don't know, it's subjective, well I'm deciding that it's becoming that, so of
course KTLA is a very own professional gamer, Andy, now with all the
breaking buzz, man if I could be a professional gamer, what, I'd have
ten lambos, is that true, all right still trending 24 hours later, the
first trailer for the highly anticipated grand, it's set in the
fictional state of Leonida, inspired by the real life Florida, flans have
already pointed out some moments in the trailer, seemingly inspired
by actual Florida man headlines, like this scene, which appears to
reference a 27 incident with a Florida man who looked like the
Joker, he couldn't stay out of trouble, so above there you see the
real life one and there's the GTA one, I don't know, I mean how
deep, how deep can you, so I think we get the idea, people, he
thinks that that people are stealing his likeness, he thinks
specifically rockstar games is stolen it, but can't you be
inspired by something and it's not illegal? Yeah, I mean you can
there's commentary, parody, stuff like that, I don't know, there
is, at a certain point you can't use someone's likeness without
their permission, but it's close, it's definitely really close,
however, he is also hopping to the Joker, there's a lot of
layers of, I would agree that this is pretty transformative,
I think they shouldn't have to pay this guy just for having
Joker face tattoos, however, he did, he did get kind of some
viral fame for how he looks. Well, I mean how, at what point do we
draw a line? Do people owe you money case because of all the
cuckold porn out there? What? Every time a fucking cuck shows
up in a porn, are they gonna have to pay you? What are you
what are you talking about, Jeff? You think I don't, every
time a little whiny guy's hiding in a closet jerking off in
a cuckold porn, are you gonna demand money? I've never
I didn't bring any of that, you're just bringing that up.
You look like every guy in a cuckold porn, why are you
watching so much cuckold porn, Jeff? I'm not, I've only seen
a couple, because I thought you were in it. I thought I'd
support my friend Case, because I saw a thumbnail and I said,
is that Case? I clicked on it, no, it's just two sexy
people and one loser, desperately watching his wife
get bald. Jeff, this is wildly inappropriate and very
insulting. How much like me did he look? A lot. Are they
stealing my likeness? Just projecting on Case now? There
you go, maybe you're the guy. I have anything I'm the
bull. How do you know all the terms? Because I watched
one. Oh my God, all right. I think it's fringe and hard
to say so this guy could potentially get some
money out of it. But yeah, how come I can't find the
mailing address PO Box anymore for the cream team?
It's Fiona on the lamb again, Case. Okay, let's just
press what you said, which was insane, by the way. You
said it. I know. I will talk to Fiona. We had to move
the podcast today, obviously. I'm not sure what's
going on the PO Box. I've never actually been to
it. But I think she just has to swing by to pick
stuff up. So I'll ask her about it tomorrow when I
see her. Hello, exterminator. Also, thanks for
playing with Case yesterday. He needs friends. God
damn it, Jeff. I'm sorry I didn't bring you on for
four weeks. Can you can you ease off my ass for a
minute? Well, bring me back sooner. Okay. The
podcast was moved to tomorrow. I think it should
be the same time though, noon. Fiona had a
businessy thing to do happens to the best of us.
Some of us do have to attempt to make money. Case
is so big he's got impersonators. Yes, but only in
one genre of humiliation pornography. I don't think
that's true. But if it is, I would love to get
paid. Yes, anyway, from a source you can trust,
podcast tomorrow at noon on this channel and then
eventually on Cassim's YouTube is apparently how
you run your life. Yeah, that's how it works. You
got it. Okay. Well, anyway, Florida man, more
like Florida Joker man, but can he get money from
the man who makes video game? Only time will tell.
I'm Jeff Ripple. How's that? Is that good? I mean,
not really. Get to say game exactly. Video
game. Okay, that's the news. And that's the
news for the day. No, we could do what we could
do. One more thing I think. Also, I don't know how
on time everyone's going to be. Gina says she'll be
on at six. So I don't know if that means we're
starting at five or six. Search for the address
and after like forever, I said fee it's
spent it. Yeah, I wish I knew more. I will try
to make a point to understand what's going
on with the PO box, because I think at least
three people have asked me what the deal is
with it. And I don't know my see my strategy
I seem comparatively competent if I just
don't engage the things I don't understand.
But I'll try to start this one up for you
guys. How long will it take to set
everyone up? I mean, my guess is like 10
minutes. Yesterday I had a shit load of
issues with mods and this lethal company
game. But I set up the thing that lets
you turn mods on and off and like just
auto downloads mods for you. So I'm
hoping I can just quickly switch to
whatever one everybody's on. Your
package was delivered 35 minutes ago to
me or to the PO box. You know, once I move
I finally got a stop accidentally leaking
my address all the time. I should have
written the PO box down to the PO box.
Okay, great. I will I'll ask Fiona to
check on the PO box tomorrow. I want to
all start at six. Well then I get to
do more news. I'm getting a text. My
invisible phone is getting a text and
apparently we're starting at possibly
six for lethal company. Which means I
can do way more news than I thought.
It wasn't like I was sending a gun in a
note that said put all the fingerprints
on it you want. A gun that I can touch
as much as I like. That's a heck of a
gift.
What a beautiful gift. Fiona says
super flexible. I'll keep you guys
abridged of how this text conversation
is going.
I think the one mod is for the most
recent version of lethal company. The
other one that people couldn't join.
It's the older version. Oh my god it's
dj music. It's time for a music.
Great. Let's cover a music story.
We'll cover a story musically. This
text is breaking news. I'll count it.
I will count almost I will count
anything I say is new. I would
recommend you tell everyone to
reinstall and get more company. I
have more company now. That's what we
had originally. Then it wasn't working
because there was an update yesterday.
Or somebody's nobody could join the
game I made. So then we all switched.
This is a more of a rundown than you need.
The headline is I'm hoping I can just
easily join whatever probably Avaly is
using because I'm guessing she'll host
the game.
The bigger lobby one still works with
the most recent update. Yeah I have
every possible version that I can
switch on and off now. Courtesy
of like the thunder. The Eye of
Thundara app. The Super Thunder app.
Dr. Cool has been super newsed.
Thank you for gifting the sub. Appreciate it.
Um why doesn't that show up in my
notifications? I don't understand.
Anyway thank you Dr. Cool. Manual downloads
for the win.
I mean it's actually pretty easy to
just uninstall the whole game and
reinstall it. So worst case I can
also do that. I'm not even worried
about it.
Guys I'm talking about a lot I swear I'm
not even slightly worried.
Let's uh music it. Let's see what he
wants. We'll fight full figure what he
wants to talk about live. We'll do it.
Yeah. Sorry just making sure DJ
Newzix's on the roof and he is.
Okay let's send it over to him why
not. We'll do music in the middle
of the stream. Brace your ears for
excellence. It's time for DJ Newzix.
Finally man. It's me. It's Newzix.
Back on the roof. Never left.
Personally I love the roof and I'm
raising it. The bar is the roof and I'm
raising it up. That's an original
thought I just had based on nothing.
Woo. Let's get my lasers going. What
do you say? Lasers.
Turn this down. It's blasting. Oh yeah.
There's my sweet sweet lasers. It's
important to project lasers all over
Los Angeles because it looks cool. How's
everybody doing? I'm of course DJ
Newzix bringing you the news but
Newzixly which is like music but
factual. Factual music. I'm the
first person to ever do it.
And if I'm not don't tell me. Let me
see what's going on in the world
today. I like us. I need a good
Newzix to sing. Free radical closes
down. A lethal company update.
The game awards. Super rare
Lucidic alligator born at Florida
Theme Park. That's my kind of
Newzix. I love a good alligator and
you might in fact know that the news
is secretly all about love. I'm
commando in my basketball shorts
right now. Play something I can
bounce my semi-hard junk to.
A thundercast on people could say
that that's way too much info but
that's the perfect amount of
information from me. Stoner, well
thank you for following this
Newzix train. Wherever it may go.
It's a hype train. Not quite. It's
a Newzix train. And right now the
Newzix is deeply into not Florida
man but Florida Gators.
Ain't no room for Gator haters. You
took the words right out of my
mouth. Let's see what's going on.
Okay that's nope that's not what I
want.
Ooh Gator Town. G-g-g-g-g-gator
town. All right I'll try actually
figuring out what this story is
about before I blast your ears off
with loud noises. Let's see what's
going on with Gators in the world
today. No haters exactly.
Exceptionally rare white alligator
born in Florida Theme Park.
All right that's a pretty good start.
This Gator got some heart of course.
The zoo now wants the public's helps
naming this Tyler Gator. No
hater no Gator hater.
I'm a Gator creator. Now let's name
this Gator. Okay Gator Lenin Orlando
says the list so far includes
Isnawell Snow Pearl Avery and
Marshmallow. Okay good fellow.
Let's start. Gator a Gator mellow.
The female baby has condition called
leucism which causes white coloring
and is different to albinism
because it does not affect the eyes.
The eyes are still full of love of course
and these loves are like shorts with the
penis bouncing inside them. The love
bouncing bouncing like a penis in
shorts. The female baby has a condition
I read that already. That's already been
read. So let's continue on.
All right it was born colored
to a colored mother.
Um what? I'll just read that again.
It was born to a colored mother and a
leucistic dad from a Louisiana swamp.
Okay now I'm seeing a Gator colored.
A colored mother. Don't say colored anymore.
It's Gator colored. Don't be bothered by
the Gator color okay.
Parents Jayanna and Ashley are in good
health.
All right workers say adding the baby
was born alongside a normal colored
brother Gator of the same size.
It's a colored family. Half colored
half leucidic. How do you say that?
Leucistic? Leucism. I'm just using
scientific terms. It's a colored Gator
family that's half leucidic. I don't
think that's that a can I say that?
It normal it's a it's a it's the most
standard it's the average standard Gator
color and then one half of it's
leucistic. Get your brains out of the
Gator gutter.
I'm just musicking. I can't help it if the
music leads me here.
All right without the darker skin
pigmentation they can't have direct
sunlight for long periods of time
because they sunburned easily.
Okay well I'm feeling quite
queasily because of this colored
upending me. I can't ride it.
I'm so flustered. I'm flustered.
I feel a light kernel mustard
getting stabbed by the by a colored Gator.
They normally have translucent skin and
blue eyes unlike alvano alligators which
have red or pink eyes. Well that's a
surprise and this story ain't telling
those lies. The USF Bono Nature
Institute says that described as ethereal
ghostly and most frequently beautiful
visitors will be able to see the
leucistic alligator and a normal
colored brother earlier next year.
The park says okay and I'm dead
because I went on a sort of accidental
racial rant about Gator color but all
my Gators are my brothers and whether
you're a colored Gator mother or a
colored brother or a father I just want
these Gators all to love each other
okay. I mean get guys
you know what it is. Nope that's wrong.
That's there we go. What you gotta
understand is whether this Gator's
translucent white or a deep dark
dino green everything's all right.
Good grief out of all Gators even the
teeth you got a weird color well what's
weird to me is that heart that's
beneath because that heart's bursting
love. That Gator's bursting out love
if you're in a swamp or in heaven
above you know at the end of the day
it's all about Gator now. Gators are so
deeply in Gator love father that's green
a mother that's clean or maybe a Gator
brother that color a cream no matter
what color this Gator brother lover
wants you to know that he's a Gator
mother lover. I love your Gator's
mother I love your Gator's brother
I just want these Gators to all make
love to each other and at the end of
the day isn't that what it's about
just a bunch of Gators slapping their
Gator bodies together rubbing scales
of every color whether you're
leucistic or holistic or or animalistic
with the one thing that binds us is
sloppy swampy Gator love all those
dino parts rubbing together ancient
Gator parts slapping together in a
swamp a whole roiling frothing
orgy of Gator love I'm talking
spiritually of course get your head
out of the gut okay our love cannot fail
because this love is simply not about
the scales not talking those scales
I'm talking scales that are even
bumpy earthen braille I'm talking
dino skin that's not even thin
it's brimming with love I think that
you get what I mean
saying sloppy sloppy swampy sweet Gator love
sloppy swampy sweet sweet sweet sweet
sweet Gator love the gnashing of teeth
the nothing of jaws I just want you to
know that this love doesn't give me
pause and you got what I mean I'm
saying I love Gators I love each and
every one of you we talked to we
saying we knew zipped we knew zipped
and that means that I gotta I gotta
send it back to case but for now I'll
leave you with this it whatever color
Gator you got in your life give it a
big old hug or well it might eat it
might kill you don't I guess don't
hug a Gator but do love your Gator
brothers sisters mothers whatever
color because honestly brother
it's a it's a Gator you're all Gator
humpers I mean love you you know what
I'm I'm the point is that I'm DJ
let's get out of here holy shit
what happened suddenly I was uh
guessing on that show
we've got two Gators in each of us I
agree no I need my there we go
we're back to being a news stream
I can't do music I'm not allowed
all right the music tells it like it
is I'm not sure what he was telling
us other than that Gators have
sex I think I already knew
but I agree I don't hug a Gator though
that probably will get you um
you'll probably die fire Gator yes
absolutely use protection when hugging
a Gator
another absolutely classic music track
slamming the charts with full force
dislodging the chart charts from orbit
sending it crashing into a nearby
planet
yeah that's uh DJ music does I should
create a warning that he might cause
slight acid flashbacks
or just a general untethering from all
taste and just reality generally
there's a tiny DJ in the news to come up
there is you know I got to work on my
emails because a lot of them are
improperly sized making them kind of
illegible but at least you can tell that
there's DJ music in there somewhere
okay let's um cover another news real
quick there's got to be more news in the
world today
Showtime embarks on the weirdest rebranding
project known to man says who I have
not even begun to brand let's see what's
going on here
Showtime cable network to adopt paramount
plus with showtime name oh my gosh
msg good to see it can you brand weirder
I mean I would be more interested in
watching a showtime streaming service
set up than paramount plus I don't know
why paramount plus seems like such
brad branding to me
I guess a paramount owns a ton of
totally legit media companies but
paramount as a brand name itself I
feel like is does not have a ton of
recognition brand recognition but maybe
I'm crazy maybe I'm the one who's
crazy or maybe
I'm the one who's here oh my god
Peter
Craig what the fuck man whoops he
literally only has one person to keep
up
it's not his fault I'm a master of
disguise what how would you even
disguise your face
um sometimes I disguise my face
as cake
you know those cake shows is it cake or
is it Peter I'd make my face look like
a cake I sneak right in you're giving
up the game I'm too good at disguising
myself you'll never catch me
how's fortnight Peter it's a different
I'm not that Peter but honestly he's a
huge celebrity show I take that as a
compliment
all right well if you're here come to
the come come to the desk I don't know
why I keep rewarding you for sneaking
in
but fine come over here and let's cover
this paramount plus story
you don't have to ask me once or even
anytime
I'm already here and I'm already ready
to go I'm pete gibbon
it's great to see you all it's been
a minute since I've been on the
network even though I've been here
every day
tirelessly working you're not supposed
to be I'd ever I want to ask you to
leave
but you know it's one of those things
where I can tell what pals and you're
just roasting me I'm not I would
prefer you're not here classic case
classic roasts
fortunately for you I happen to be
very I love paramount plush
um I love watching loony tunes in the
Colbert rapport
you know
they even have they have a backlog of
all of Stephen sorry not the Kilber
rapport that's owned by someone else but
all of his late night
yeah the Colbert rapport is not on there
yeah but um
paramount plush
Stephen Colbert
the late show is the the thing people
like less they have
it's more popular than than the Colbert
rapport but it's so much worse
not that I would necessarily want to
watch something that was so directly
tied to the time in which it took place
which I have some sympathy for
all the good cartoons are on paramount
well there you go
what are you not a fan of tunes
you don't like a tight tune
cartoon a tight well put together tune
I don't know if I like this line of
thought from someone who looks so much
like family guy
what do you mean
it's not gonna do it
fine
the new rug rats is pretty good well
there you go
stop knocking everyone's favorite
streaming service paramount plush
if anybody likes I mean honestly I
I barely use any of my streaming services
I don't I guess maybe I just hate median
I mean I still watch plenty of stuff but
I do feel like I don't use any of them
as much as I should then again I have
been watching all of One Piece for
about two months
and that's a tune that's on Netflix
though actually I'm although I I'm
watching a ripped version that's cut
down
the two early 2000s justice league
that's on there that's pretty great
yeah I mean you know whatever
you know if you like
catalogs of content
then again is streaming even for you
they keep cutting their catalogs of
content weirdly
peaches has been nominated for best
original strong at the golden globes
and how about that are you not a fan of
of jack black or mario
I'm a fan of jack black and mario then
get paramount plush
is that even on there I think that's
on
no that's on
that's on peacock
buy okay well and buy dvds that's
separate from what we're talking about
well look wait well you're getting me
distracted I'm here to talk about
rebranding an important aspect
of corporate evolution of company
evolution people love to knock it but
everybody loves a good new brand
I don't think that's ever been said by
anyone but you people love brands
otherwise they wouldn't exist
we love brands and we love when they
update their look it's like when a
celebrity gets a haircut
the show is over for showtime as a
standalone brand
there you go
and we respectfully mock the passing
of this dearly beloved brand
I'm so sorry gone too soon but never
forgotten
um
look everybody loves brands
and sometimes they they pass too soon
and
we wish we you could have been here
forever but sometimes you have to get
rolled
into a different brand
a different tasty get that on your
mouth a different tasty brand
and now
you're not just a brand
you're a brand plush
which means you've you're still a
brand but now you're plush another
brand and you've made a new brand
and that brand's a little baby brand
and it's so sweet it's gooing in this
little brand crib and we all want to
just feed it little
we want to feed it our little
moneys and watch it cool
and that's
and that's beautiful Jesus Christ stop
as of january 8th 2024 paramount
global will rebrand the linear
showtime cable network is paramount
plus with showtime
the shame name is the company's top
tier streaming package with the name
shit wait paramount plus with showtime
hey tim's in here oh my god tim i
forgot case i forgot to text him
you forgot to text him tim they push
the stream time back i think let me
check my texts
i might start at five okay they're
starting soon so we're gonna get out
of here after we talk to peter
and then and we'll get
lethaling with tim and company
and i don't know maybe maybe we can
bring everybody in the lobbies can get
big
you're just cutting me off well in
about 10 minutes i think we're gonna
i'll get off in about 10 minutes
i'd love if you got off right now
well i want to finish the story
i'll allow it thank you
tim do the rat stuff i can do the
rat stuff no that's tim's thing don't
steal the rat stuff what are you
florida joker man
ding wait no you'd be rock star in
that analogy a rock star absolutely
i'm a rock star check this out i'm
doing the rat stuff i'm a rat that's
not the rat stuff that's not even a
good knockoff of it
nom nom nom i'm a rat i nom nom
on cheese jesus christ peter your rat
stuff sucks what's wrong with it you
just don't get it man
tim says i'm getting close
yum yum yum i'm a little rat
stop saying you gotta be a rat
watch more rat like than saying you're
a rat you just don't understand
thundercat you're making thundercats
go watch football because you're
grossing them out no he just has to go
watch everybody loves football you
can't compete against that most of
what's on paramount is pretty garbage
pretty much the lowest common
denominator shows from mtv like new
freight oh yeah they do have new
frazier they got frazier is he still
a lovable socialite you know kind of
loves highfalutin society and music
i'm sure that's yep that's what's going
on and like he'll eat food and be like
gross but but he'll be more eloquent
about it yeah probably there's a
a flight is flew in my nose a flight
is straight up flew in my nose
you're summoning biblical plagues on
yourself by being so disrespectful to
me bra bowser and ken face off his
peaches from the super mario bro's
movie and i'm just ken for barbie
movie both snag golden globe
nominations oh my god who's gonna
win whoever they vote for
but one song will be trash and the
other will be a winner
i don't know that's how that works if
thing isn't one an oscar a golden
globe i consider it to be
the ditrius of culture and say spit on
it i'm a rat oh my god you don't get
the red stuff
okay
confusingly however some subscribers of
the linear showtime channel will not
have access to paramount plus with
showtime streaming plan
instead paramount plus with showtime
cable subscribers will be able to access
programming online via the authenticated
streaming acts of pay tv partners
paramount global does have agreements
with some large pay tv providers that
allow showtime cable subscribers to also
access the paramount plus with showtime
streaming service okay simple enough
what about that is simple first of all
it's two conjunctions paramount plus
with showtime couldn't they just at least
make it paramount plus showtime then the
plus would finally make sense you're not
understanding the plus is in relation
to paramount it's paramount plus even
more than you could imagine plus what
else it's just paramount
yeah they streamlined it exactly it's
paramount plus all of the paramount
plus every more thing more than you can
imagine now with showtime it's like if
max was called hbo extended an edition
cinemax also sometimes adult swim stuff
honestly that's about a title they
should really rebrand i mean max already
sucks as a title why i don't know
wait is that not what it's called no
what's that what's uh isn't it may
max yeah it's just max it used to be
hbo max home box office
maximum that's no that's a good name
these are all terrible yeah it's max
now what's wrong with max it's a guy's
name no it's maximum content what
don't you understand it's paramount
plus with showtime available in select
instances and states depending on
pre-existing streaming agreements
however with an easy edition of various
other apps you download on to your
roku or whatever you can access
certain types of selective content
via the showtime app in addition to
paramount plus with showtime or in
given areas just paramount plus
i don't know just just torn it
oh my god this man is encouraging
crimes you wouldn't steal a bug's bunny
what you wouldn't steal up you wouldn't
steal a paramount i don't i don't even
know what is quibi playing to all this
oh i still i am that is you're allowed
to torrent quibby's beautiful catalog of
content gone too soon can you still
watch quibi can you still watch quibi
let's find that this is what people
really want to know wow roku streams
quibi shows for free now now that's a
hell of a brand free what are you gonna
complain about that beautiful brand
quibi is free yeah that's that's market
value is definitely free well good
knows roku streams quibi shows free now
calling them roku originals that's even
smarter because if you're going to go
to the trouble of absorbing a brand into
your brand it's like your baby now
it's originally yours in the sense that
it's the first time you've owned it
is siso still available okay let's ask
that question is siso still available
peter an august 9th 2017 she's showing
out via its facebook page that the
service would be shutting down
um okay can where can i still watch
siso just checking it i'm just checking
for everybody okay great news everybody
there's very reasonable website yidio.com
okay you're calling me out for
suggesting people torrent things i don't
think that's an allowed place also
shrink is a pretty good show and i'm
sad to see that it's on siso
shrink yeah that's tim balz
it's the case blackwell stamp of
approval you know what i'm just
assuming at least he got paid for this
but it's unfortunate to see that it's been
relegated to yidio i would actually
recommend tim balz's show shrink
shoot yidio claims another one well you
could say the shame of why is there so
much improv stuff on on siso
thank you del that's another improv
guy just so you know
um the cyanide and happiness show
siso well i mean honestly if they shrink
maybe some of that stuff's good i'm not
going to judge it
yidio formerly known as siso well so a
bunch of other shit you can probably
steal on yidio and also i don't know if
any of those links actually worked and
let's not find out i'll find out alone
bajillion dollar properties was also
good i believe it there's also a show
just called the comedy show show
so hard bar to high bar all of comedy
in a show it's just that's just a name for
a show peter tim balz also on that show
tim is great i don't like it when you
say it but i agree uh ellen partridge i
mean ellen partridge is obviously great
is this also siso i don't even think
this is all siso shows i think yidio is
just showing us whatever the hell it
wants
anyway basically through illegal means you
can still even find siso and through
totally legal means you can still find
all of g4's catalog on youtube i'm
assuming honestly it could be gone i don't
know
the murder she wrote parody on on wibby
was great wibby wait was there another
show is called wibby it's probably just
wibby
all right well look i'm confused uh
hui kula thank you uh hui kula
thank you for the 10 months and i'm
finally back and that's why he and you
he was about to unsubscribe then he saw
pete gibbage on and he said finally slam
that button oh that's how that happened
thanks peter but i i doubt it
well anyway quibi now on roku and it's a
roku original so so get the name quibi
out of your mouth they legally own it
and it's quibby's it's it's roku it's
rokeys it's their original rokeys
why do you like brand so much because
they come because they're little
blankets for us we are swaddled in
the sweet comforting blankets of
brands and i for one love to rub my
little face into it at night
yummy yummy disney oh sweet sweet disney
plush oh a paramount it's more like a
paramount plush for me because it feels
good on my skin okay get out of here
peter you don't want me to stay i just
can you we're done okay well i'll do a
shine off all right i'll be back you
can't get rid of me
i'm pete gibbon and i'm i'm right behind
you it's not my favorite sign off okay
let's um is Fiona on let's begin the
process of lethaling this company
assuming Fiona's Fiona's not off
shit i see i don't know i don't know if
that it's just gonna be a mess
of figuring out what mod everyone has to
be on i can sense
that it's going to confuse everybody
peter owes brand so much he should join
the lethal company i would love to see
peter get lethal company what do you mean
nothing nothing portania reary herself
the the ultimate victim of this mess of
mods although i will say
hey do you want to play in about 10
minutes to 20 i don't know when
they're going on anymore the text chain
is lost the thread but
reary if you want to play i think we're
playing in some point in the next hour
and i at least now have the thing that
lets me turn mods on and off so i should
be able to get into a game
fingers crossed oh sick i'll text you
um whenever this is whatever it's
happening mods can do awesome things but
coordinating them is always a struggle
well there's certain mods that shouldn't
matter like i also downloaded the
hd mod which hopefully won't prohibit me
from um anyway i'll just turn off
whatever i have to to get into the game
so simple you know it'd be nice i guess
maybe their servers can help their
servers can handle it'd be nice if they
just let you have as many people as you
want in the game because clearly it's
popular but whatever they made new
content i can't complain
well shit i don't know what to do tim
if you're still around i will text you
as soon as i know that the party is
forming um guess in the meantime let's
debate something when in doubt i'll just
send it to munch and crumb and they'll
kill time until it's lethal time i like
the sound of that plan so let's do it
right now it's time for munch and
crumb and the debate was already
demanded perfect timing flawless
timing courtesy of my stream manager
sporophyte uh sporophyte mods can do
awesome okay sporophyte if you have a
particular debate you want to see throw
it in the chat i will insist that
someone actually keeps an eye on chat
for once so they can tell you uh so
that they can actually do the debate
okay i'll send it to him turn off
your unearned victory graphic the only
thing you've earned is another defeat
at my hands uh i still get confused
every time case says mod lol
oh that's fair you should keep that
he should reserve that purely for
live as easy as the preachy and the
various friends that he's modded tim are
you a mod i'm gonna do it right now
totally tim lol shit i just typed it in
the wrong thing
all i did was the wrong thing give it
up for me not knowing how twitch works
i think he's already a mod anyway
what the hell what crumbs here you
might have noticed crumbs here well
i'm happy to be here um great to
see everybody making tim a mod might be
dangerous i'll do it you think that i'm
some kind of weepy coward afraid of a
little ruckus i'll make tim a mod slash
mod totally he's already a mod i think
though totally tim's already a moderator
oh you fucking idiot you were trying to
do it you dumb piece of shit
ah it's good to see everybody i'm of
course Leonard crumb i gotta say your
full name it's just my name all right
swore a fight a rat stuff vs
shrew stuff rat stuff oh i didn't even
have time
rat stuff mine mine that's fine i the
shrew is a proud the shrew is a proud
animal
um i don't mind defending the honor of
the shrew stuff okay um
great let me make sure i don't fucking
miss our my the the poll today we got a
mod in chat that doesn't mind making
that poll i will defend the rat stuff
obviously the best stuff meanwhile son
this guy's gonna say some dumb shit
about shrews well the shrews are there's
plenty of things to love about a shrew
for instance their diet uh subsist of
beetles don't start
nobody cares about what their diet
consists of munch jumping on the
winning topic no i just happened to love
the shrew as a creature and nobody can
deny that i'm just gonna bring the poll
up oh there we go i fucking nailed the
timing of that uh you go first what
um
um if you're lucky enough to see a shrew
you'll notice that it's moving rapidly
with rapid jerky you're reading off
wakipedia no these are all thoughts
i'm having this isn't because you're
scared shrews live fast in furious
lifestyles your most highly caffeinated
type a colleague will appear downright
sloth compared to the shrew you're
fucking cheating i'm just doing the
shrew stuff you're not that's not the
shrew stuff watch the shrew stuff the
shrew stuff would be like i can't see
that well i'm not biting as good as a
rat because a rat is just a superior
creature look there's a reason that the
mob calls people rats because they can
do actual fucking damage rats are
everywhere they breed like crazy they're
basically fuck machines they never stop
they reproduce at a rate of like a
thousand rats per one rat that's not
accurate it seems right to me look rats
love fucking cheese americans love cheese
rats are basically american americas of
course the land of the free rats are
the freest of all they fucking live
where they want sewers who wants to
live in a shore people who are free
and believe in freedom which rats stand
for meanwhile shrews they've been
castigated to backyards and they got
to live under those they don't even
get to live in a good part of a yard you
know pathetic that is to have to live
under the good part of a thing what are
you even talking about what shrews are
basically they're similar creatures
they're they're varmich they're
they're similar they're rodents
nobody likes shrews shrews are like an
insult that they use for ladies that are
unlikable what are you talking about
you call ladies they used to call
ladies shrews or something when they
wore like billowy dresses and lived
alone in attics what are you that's
right don't even think that's right
it's true if you're an old lady in
a billowy dress that lives in an attic
then you're a shrew and nobody likes
that
look the rad stuff is is tim's thing
only tim can do it is too limited
meanwhile everyone can do the shrew stuff
because nobody even knows what it is
it's open your imagination gets to run
oh shoot it was real close though also
what the fuck is going on with our
scores
i can't even enjoy this obvious
totally earned victory because our
scores are looking fucking weird i don't
know man
i'm not the i don't understand
graphics perfectly well you know what i
understand perfectly
i fucking win boom finally i never
lost
yes
i mean bring this in bring this camera in
winning streak i don't even know how
that i don't know how it feels to be
awful winning streak because i've
always been on one
i've never actually lost so for me
this is just another day at the
office but i bet for a certain person
this feels like just eating fucking
battery acid a battery acid sundae
sweeten your gel straighten your
gelatinous fucking disgusting mouth
it feels
look um
it feels fine i had a good run and i'll
continue to
i am still on the come up if i got
dissuaded if everybody got dissuaded
every time there was a simple shut-back
the world would achieve zero progress
uh that's the kind of thing that
absolute um egotistical maniacs that's
how they feel i happen to be a
shut the fuck up shut up i win i won
so you don't get to talk all right
that's not how that works we can talk
shut up
no i yours not working when you tell me
to shut the fuck up oh my god i'm not
going to just shut up
but it shut the fuck this is show
shut up
it showed you shut the fuck up you
are being so shut your little sweet
mouth it was sweet mouth oh shoot i
don't know i just felt came out
it's a fucking joke
um weird well congratulations
finally winning one i'm ahead update my
score
i've been ahead i'm still wildly ahead of
you
i just it feels like it's getting closer
and closer so it must be really
edifying to have a victory you know
for the first time in a while
because you know i've just been on
such a strong come up
you know with my sweet mouth
nope you misheard me i said
sweet mouth i think you're swedish
i'm not my bad i'll never say it again
you said everyone heard you say sweet
you think i have a sweet mouth i don't
i think you have a sweet mouth
are you against the swedish people i
wasn't until i thought you were one so
it's a huge relief to hear that you're
not swedish now i can go back to like
in that chef that says all the stuff
like herb da bler that guy
and his little beaker buddy that's a
different you're confusing them up it's
beaker was the friend of the scientist
no he's the friend of the chef what are
you talking about
the the beaker works for the chef no
beaker works for the scientist character
are you fucking kidding me oh this is
what upsets you it's just so stupid
why would he be an assistant to a chef
chefs have assistance don't be a
sure winner that's about you
i didn't win oh you didn't
you didn't win
then they were mistaken they meant to
say don't be a sword loser
they're obviously talking about you
because you won what's that
you well yes i i'm capable of saying
that you won the debate that you won
unlike some people
some people are just too strong to lose
i know you don't know how that feels but
i won't admit of a defeat that never
happened unlike you who just rushes
to open your disgusting mouth there
we go and say i lost
i'll never why would i ever i haven't
we don't need to get into the dumb ass
way your brain works we get into it
every time if we see it in action
you don't need to explain that you're
an absolute ignoramus who really
understands nothing other than i don't
know the breath coming out of their
fucking feted mouth all right you
can't see two fucking inches away
from your nose and everybody knows
that you're full of shit oh god you
don't just repeat words and think
you're being clever i'm just
discussion by you you know what you do
have a sweet mouth
what yeah you have a sweet mouth
what i'm objectifying you what
you're being awful yeah you got a sweet
but this is you're being really gross
are you uncomfortable yeah this is
you're being really fucking weird
it's nice to hear that out of your
sweet mouth away and maybe this is my
new thing i just i just harass you at
work that's not a lot you don't
you can't do that you'll what
consequence will i possibly face i
don't know hopefully case you do
something to stop it case can't stop
this what the fuck are you talking
about you just you you're not allowed
to be happy okay you're not a lot
you as you become a worse person by
the way your hair is escaping your
head now you're objectifying me no i'm
letting you know that i think your
wig is falling off i don't wear a wig
what why would you even say that
don't kink shame this isn't that's not a
kink harassing me at work is not a kink
it's my kink now i think that's all the
time we have oh you don't get to do that
i do that little sweet mouth oh
you're you know what i like it i like
it so it's not harassment how's that
no what you don't get to like it
you hate it i like it i love my sweet
mouth and i like
i like my daddy munch what i like my
daddy munch it brings me joy that you're
my powerful daddy
yeah can we go daddy what the hell are
you doing
what you don't like it daddy stop it
are you not my dad i'm not your daddy
so where does that mean what i don't have
a sweet mouth no you don't you don't
you don't and i'm not your daddy i i
still win who no one is winning here
whatever this is there's been zero
victories in this insane
tact that you've tried to take against
me although i will say
i feel no shame i don't either i'm
shameless it's not a word i understand
okay daddy stop it this is fun we do
have to go actually i don't know what
don't lose the headline the headline is i
win i won
in all of this we've all lost i know i won
i don't know what i'm just trying to
objectify what's wrong with that all i
was trying to do was harass my colleague
at work and what that's illegal now
my hair looks great everything's fine and
i won and we'll see you all soon i don't
know what to say about this too i think
i need i need an hr you know what i'm
hiring an hr person
i'm hiring an hr person even though that
is a lot of work for me i'll do it no peter
not you somebody else they don't need
therapy they need an hr person and they
need talking to they've both been naughty
and they need to be and now they've got
me doing it they they
not a lot they're not a lot of harass each
other i gotta draw something like you
harass me all the time no i ask you to
leave that's different can pepito be hr
hmm pepito do you have the band this is a
classic corporate term do you have the
bandwidth to do hr um
like a computer yeah i'm not a computer so
no do you have the time oh yeah i got
nothing i love nothing but time i don't
i don't really i don't understand work at
all so to me everything is just
opens you know i'm free all the time
do you want to be hr i don't know what
that is but you have time to do it
yeah well whatever okay
is now inspired to watch a much more
erotic fan fiction that'll be hard to
that could be hard to read anyway um
i'll have you talk to a bunch of chrome
maybe tomorrow
the two the two screamy guys are they
kind of the same guy no they look totally
different to me they look like the same
guy i'll talk to whichever guy that is
um maybe we'll go the different maybe
i'll make a new age maybe i'll hire
someone new okay i don't really care
and that's why he's the best in the
business
he does have a heart at least he has a
heart yeah i feel it's a little it's
beating really fast
because i'm a little guy but
does i wonder if because my heart beats
so fast i won't live very long maybe
it's really fast okay don't worry
papito you're young right i don't know
well we'll just assume he's young i might
not be
oh yeah do i look young small dogs live
longer
okay because i'm only like i'm just a
little guy
i'm like one of the littlest oh the
new york fine yeah i'll live forever
then yeah oh perfect
okay um christ bill hug would bring love
to hr oh he hasn't been around in a while
my wet pillow guy you might need work
okay it's got to be it's got to be time
right
got to be time it's Fiona on why am i
do do do do do do do do do do do
huh it's not showing me anyone that i
follow that's a little weird
okay Fiona's still not on and so i just
don't understand i don't understand what
to do
we're losing precious company time
we're on company time damn it
well fuck i guess let's just do another
segment let's watch movies or something
Fiona ever on time well i mean avali
is also not on and jean is not on
i'm supposed to play with avali jean
and fiona and tim if he's even able
to he thought he was starting at five
it won't quota itself well let's kick it
to the movies there's probably trailers
there's always trailers at least and at
some point lethal company but for now
movies
ooh trying to get out of here the
fucking talking to me man that ain't
allowed or something yo i'm fucking
Trent
i watch movies i kind of like
i'm sort of the dude who like um if
someone were like to create taste i'd be
that
dude who like crafts that who crafts tastes
with my cultural understanding things
pacemaker
psychor thank you so much for the uh for
the raid i hope you had a great stream
hello any psychor to the psychor heads
pacemaker that's like task master
let's not start this way i'm chris i'm
his parole officer i have to be here
and we're gonna watch trailers for
community service i don't get it but
that's what's happening
uh what's not to get to me it's like
crystal clear
also can i one second folks folks just
one second i need to be a little
brighter
feel like i'm too dark just the
lighting wise okay that's better
i turned up a light all right whatever
it's a very simple concept fine watch
trailers for the good of society
yeah they everybody gets up at you
chris i mean i guess i understand it
just doesn't make you know whatever
that's fucking my don't steal my catch
phrase that young blood come on you
can't claim the word whatever as your
catchphrase
i can't no
shit
all right uh it's trailer thursday
but it's also month it's it is monday
but it's trailer thursday what are you
talking about man
i don't know man it said trailer
thursday when i clicked on the on the
thing that has all the trailers i
guess that means it's thursday
it's monday but we can watch trailers
any day of the week but
usually on thursdays anyway um
alan wake has a has a trailer
peggy 18 and this now it's you're
gonna think it's a movie but just
hold on to your fucking
onto your whole sack or vagina or
whatever because it's fucking game
it's gonna blow your mind peggy 18
what the fuck is this a movie i was back
i wasn't able to escape
dude i was wrong that shit was a movie
that's crazy that movie looks fucking
good young blood you work right the
first time it's just a game with good
graphics
now that's gotta be a movie you you
you're the one who established that
it's not
and it blew my mind by being a movie
it's just got good graphics got good
graphics
and that's you know it's got keanu
reeves in it no man that's alan wake
keanu's in um the game where you can
like cybernatically get like a
huge ass cyber cyber friends
cyberpunk we're saying the same thing
anyway can't wait for that to hit
theaters it's clearly a game it's on
ig you watch it on ig n's youtube
page
better than alan gregory
wait who's that alan gregory
oh what what's this alan gregory is an
american adult anime sitcom created
about jonahill jared paul and andrew
mogul and fox what the fuck is that a
real i think it's just a prank i think
it's just a that's just like a prank
thing that never happened looks real
but i'm totally kind of aware of it
it was on fire okay well whatever
but it was awful but it looks like a
classic american sitcom how so i don't
know it features a family and a kid
it's it sucked everyone's letting you
know it sucked just stop thinking about
it man it was a miss move on man
it's a show you've never seen and don't
care about don't tell me what i like
i love alan gregory let's watch a
trailer for alan gregory
young blood don't put us through this
they're letting you know it was terrible
you don't you don't need to do this to us
i'm a huge fan of alan gregory don't do
this just to spite me man you're only
hurting yourself i have no choice y'all
i love alan gregory because chris said i
don't let's watch the trailer
thank you for coming everyone please
lower your voices i'm speaking
i've traveled the world folks i've
written genre shattering novels mediated
peace this is good on my resume but i'm
about to embark on the biggest challenge
of my life attending elementary school
with children my own age i know it's
horrifying but my father's man partner
jeremy no longer wants to be a stay at
home dad
enjoy the party alan gregory is wise
beyond his years i'm patrick you want
to stay with us are you implying you
want to schedule a lunch how's your
friday because mine is insane but not
good but bad anyone catch the charlie
rose the evening before i like this
you must be our new student alan dilongpris
i'm sorry i didn't catch your name it's
mrs wintham went on court sweetheart what
your first name jeena but you should
never call jeena jeena jeena you
gotta give it time
quitting is not the answer thanks dad
thanks jeremy oh you're welcome for
nothing you didn't let me finish there
please don't ever interrupt me again
wow excuse me nice he's me
ow it's just a little pinot gris at lunch
jeena hello what alan gregory alan
gregory what shut up shut up let's talk
about us obviously we're in love with
each other i'm sorry
you heard me golly wait this season
attitude has a new name alan gregory
alan gregory alan gregory hypothetically
speaking if the kids didn't like me
why do you think that would be maybe
you're just too smart for everybody
hmm that's a good point pete you pick up on
stuff don't you i don't know it's gonna
fuck this guy too i don't care alan
gregory coming soon to fox i wouldn't
lose my mind if you decided to stick a
gum thanks for understanding the
sense jeena you're trying it all
damn that's exactly the great show that
i remember it was young blood you've
never seen it and it looks
i don't even understand actually what it
looks like it does does not look good
but wow i did not really see it be like
that i can't believe you're dogging on
this show out just drop it man just
move on to anything anybody wants to
watch
i just impressed by jona hill's range like
it must have been so hard for him to
play a guy who's fucking i know it all
who's rude to everybody who like kind
of belittles women and shit that
must have been hard for him
also one of the first cartoons brave
enough to show a romance between a
toddler and a grandma that's
honestly really fucked up yeah i mean
but from a certain point of view it's
also like great i don't i just don't
were they trying to be edgy i don't even
understand the thought process of the
joke
i just don't i guess it's unexpected but
also why i really there's no there's like
no bridge of or analog for me to be like
i just don't i really don't understand
what they were going for
um kids can be pedophiles too i know
that's can't be what it was i think
that's the joke is that kids can be
pedophiles too no but he's into an
old lady i don't um look a point of you
don't want to dissect art or comedy too
much
it's just a powerful medium that expresses
the unsaid so and that's all that alan
partridge was about it's not alan
partridge i mean alan wake no you
forgot the name of the show already
alan comings anyway let's watch one more
trailer
jesus christ thank god man holding me
fucking hostage here i just can't you
know i try to share the things i love
and uh one of them is alan maybe it was
just called alan oh alan i hate
sometimes i really hate being here i love
alan whatever that's fine fine i'm
alan is superior to i'm not even gonna
tell you the name i think alan's a good
show can we just watch look there's a
Jurassic park
something it's a Jurassic park something
oh dinos yeah dinosaurs young blood
there's dinos oh can we watch the
dinos yes you can young blood oh
trip like dinos of course then here we go
oh good dinos i own an island of the
ghost of custodian really spectacular
it's bad noise oh shit this is a movie too
for this place i wanted to show them
something that wasn't in the ocean
something that was real damn dude this
movie looks sick can anyone hear me
this is dr maya joshy i feel left behind
on eastland new blood
hell yeah oh shit i gotta turn it up sorry
is anyone there a dinos there that's a
dinosaur
oh shit oh fuck she escaped god damn it
wait oh shit that's the but it's one of
the biggest ones oh shit there's also
popsicles in the game
i mean the movie sorry that was a movie
it was a movie with some weird first
person shots at the end it was a game
as everyone is saying in chat but it
featured like no gameplay it did at the
end well look to me that was a film
like final fantasy spirits within
that is a movie exactly based on a game
yeah this is a movie based on a movie oh
my god young blood today you are just
being insufferable like my boy ellen oh
my god sure nice okay
well there's also a blade trailer so let's
do one extra trailer the ellen trailer
was a bonus so just so you know it was
ellen it's ellen
greggory yeah i know i shouldn't tell
i'm sorry i'm gonna drop it can we
please watch the blade trailer fine
only because you asked nicely otherwise
i'd make us rewatch the ellen trailer
you already forgot the name of it uh
let's check out let's check out this
marvel blade trailer it's blade y'all
those are a lot of studios
is this a game this one's a video game i
think
he shouldn't have done that around a blade
relax man i don't fight like i'm tight now
night's just getting started was that a
movie i think it's a well it's from
pathetic young blood so
i think it's a game okay you don't know
either it's a game but they're making a
movie too oh my god it's just it's fine
you don't have to know everything it's
just read the description
and know that it's a game but it featured
no gameplay well it doesn't have to be a
game since when have you ever seen a
awards show or like a game review hey you
think they might sneak me into a game
like that joker guy you think they've
ever used my likeness in any games
maybe as like generic teen passerby
who's looks like a someone in their
mid-thirties you think i look like i'm
in my mid-thirties like an adult
yes you do look that way but i understand
that you have the brain of a baby
damn i kind of like blade i have the best
of both worlds the looks of an old man
but the free mind of a child i think it's
the worst of both worlds young blood
well look we watched a bunch of trailers
today um i got to share one of my
favorite shows with you
ellen partridge oh my god it was
ellen greggory yeah sirs
no i like ellen partridge then that's not
what we watched but i don't you know
there's no point in arguing with you
when you get like this young blood
i'm not arguing i'm sharing oh my god
all right well are you done yeah i'm
done for the day i did some good work
we watched dinosaurs and that was
it was sick they were big as fuck you
know one fun thing about the spit
that those dinos spit is like um it
will blind you as seen in the film
newman oh my god you are so confused
also those dinosaurs didn't actually
spit the guanadans are not that might
not be their name the dilapid sources
i'm forgetting but i do know that's just
an addition that they what the fuck are
you talking about they didn't spit the
the actual dinosaurs what were you
were you fucking there dude just i'm
i think scientists came to like a
consensus that it's unlikely that those
dinos spit the ones from drastic part
it's just a fun fact how is that a fun
fact that's an anti-fun fact you are
stripping fun away from dinosaurs
well i mean it's it's a fact so i mean
i just thought it was relevant to share
the embellished for dramatic effect yeah
dude quit fucking spitting on people's
embellishments
dino spit is a great twitch username
though i'm sorry i'm not trying to
rain on anybody's parade then stop
being a fucking storm cloud of bad
news all the time i was you know fine
but you can believe that the dino spit i
do and i never will stop and they did
and that's a fact and in fact you know
what it is and what it is is that
chris needs to be put in time out you
don't love respect okay i can't do that
apparently but i wish i could
all right anyway that's all i got i
should honestly be playing fucking
video games like wise case playing
them but whatever scommer thank you so
much right before i fucking was about to
blast off scommer's like no i need to
let Trent know that he's the fucking
best and i hear you loud and clear
all right you know what it is i'm
fucking out of here bye i do like
dino spit double fire okay fiona's on
she's just chatting she's just chatting
for a bit before we play the game
so why don't i switch it over
ooh dino swallows no i think the
dino spits
sorry to ruin your night well i have so
many
i have so many um shrew facts pulled up
for instance did you know they have
whiskers they use echolocation via
whisker i don't that might not be
correct but i'm that's what i'm taking
from the article by scanning it
all right let's set up the game tim
if you're here it's time for us to
attempt the game if you're still
around i'm gonna text john too
there's an update if we want to play
with more than four people need to
redone with the mod okay great this is
what i thought would happen
the struggle has begun
um
let's check in with the on his stream
really quick and just didn't see just
how confused she is
hope that's dane cook stream i don't
want that one really gotta unsubscribe
to her unfollow dane cook i have a
lot under my belt like that
is what she's doing so cool that's why
they're hiring her you know microphone
nine hundred thank you so much for the
bitty titties you know what are we doing
just like look i was looking at her
stuff and i'm like man
fuck she's like and then i'm checking
i'm like trying to see like how old
she is maybe she's a lot older than me
maybe she has more experience
Fiona's just complaining that's not
on company time damn it she got
distracted by other people's success
that's why other people can't be
successful because it distracts whoever
is doing well in life how dare you
you're you're distracting fiona
okay i'm gonna set up the game at least
well like i just need to know what
mods are done honestly i need to get
fiona and everybody in a discord call
probably
to black oh no the chats are intermingling
the chats have fused you know i'll
just load the game first of all let's
switch to the other thing
i'm going to switch it to a starting
soon screen while i just do some things
while i do some normal stuff
um so let me do that