We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, let's do it!
Hello everybody! Good to see you all! Yeah, we got Matt Liddell, we got Junk Dog, Gearless, Joe and Nomad, we got Huey Keuler.
We look extra. A different color today. Who knows why that is?
Commander Geb Ray Silva? Not my brother, who's possibly my brother.
Look at the little orange that I've used.
Uh, Lady Citrix, Card King Shaka, thank you for the subs.
Thanks for the subs that were coming in pre-stream, you maniacs. This camera's too close.
Uh, thank you to Shaka42000, once again, Bundle Sprout.
And Propaganda, as well as Microphone 900, for the 750 bits.
Did I get the job? I don't know. I will know eventually.
Uh, but, maybe? That's as good as a yes for me.
Maybe, I don't know. It's sorta nice to not desperately want a job.
Like, I'd like the job, but I'm also fine if I don't get it.
So, it's sort of a, it's one of the few times in my life I've been in that position. It feels kinda nice.
Like, if I get it, great, if I don't, that's fine.
A good spot. Hope everybody's doing well.
Unfortunately, I've been a little swamp with editing, which I might have to do less of if I get the job.
Um, but, well, let's do a little quick news before the Patreon.
If you want even more, uh, Timmy the Brain, ten months?
God damn. Timmy, if you want, oh my god, Street Marine, what is happening?
The subbies are pouring in, like, a thick dog gravy?
Dog gravy?
Yes, like, gravy you put on your dog food.
Good to see you, Papito.
Thank you so much, Street Marine, for the 15 months.
Insane. I've been here, I think I've only been here about one month.
You've been here a lot longer than that, Papito.
To me? Time to see-
That's good for you. Thick and creamy?
The thickest creamy is dog gravy.
Okay. Anyone else realize you can see the outside in Papito's eyes?
What? You're inside?
Yeah, but I dream of the outdoors, and some say my vision transcends the limited scope of mortal dogs.
Some people say that. I've actually never said that.
You just said that.
I've never said- I'm just repeating it.
You're an immortal dog?
I don't know.
Okay. That dog ain't right? I mean, there's something going on inside.
I can't hear you, even though I'm a dog.
Well, that's for the best.
Okay. Let's see what's going on in the news today.
I saw that there was a-
Greg, to you!
Greg, I hope you had a great stream.
Thank you so much for the sub-
Sorry, the raid love.
Hope you had fun. Hope everyone had fun over at Greg's stream.
There was like a Senate safety hearing,
which I didn't even realize until I logged on to the little news channel today.
What's it about? What is child safety?
Why is blood on the hands of the tech bros of the world according to this report?
I don't know.
But we'll find out together.
It's too long.
Cut that. CEOs.
There we go. Now we're cooking.
It's a real news day?
Well, I don't know what this story's deal is, so I'm probably stumbling into real news.
I haven't kept up with this hearing at all.
I didn't know it was coming, as I'm truly living up.
It's in my news acumen.
Oh, real news.
Don't protect kids. They spread too many germs.
Propaganda?
I mean, the name's propaganda, and I just repeated it.
So maybe he's right.
At least it's not about Vince.
Yeah.
Well, I haven't looked into the details of this.
The Vince thing I was casually aware of before it going on a rant
and realizing how bad it was in the moment.
This, I'll realize how bad it is or isn't in real time.
I'm guessing it's not great.
But I never trust the Senate hearing committees to be all that reasonable anyway.
It's a lot of grandstanding.
And there's certainly lots of problems with tech CEOs,
so it's a nice, accurate combination of various reprehensible people.
Is the TikTok CEO?
I think the TikTok CEO is around, which is part of why I became aware of the stories.
I kept seeing clips of the TikTok CEO, and I was like, oh, is this last year?
But I guess he's back.
He's back in the hot seat against the best and brightest that our
Senate and Congress people have to offer.
Why should we break this down with?
I haven't talked to Jeff in a while.
Let's bring on Jeff.
He's sitting right here anyway.
Well, Jeff, thanks for being here.
And thanks to all of you for staying people on a little names on a screen
that I, Jeff Ripple, can stare down and say,
you're the best little guys on the names on a screen I've ever seen.
I love you.
What, Jeff?
You're sounding chat-like today.
I'm not at all chat-like.
I have a razor sharp mind, a razor sharp wit,
and I slice up the news with my mind blades every time that I step up on the mic.
Not like an MC, like an NC, a news.
What's the C an MC stand for?
Controller?
Yeah.
What a beard on.
Yes, it keeps getting thicker.
I lost, I lose things in this.
I've lost keys in here.
I've lost gifts from my children.
You have children?
A couple.
I thought you didn't have kids.
Well, you know, everybody's got a couple kids.
Whether or not you feel like they're yours.
What?
I mean, I know that legally and biologically they're mine.
But in my heart, are they mine?
Jeff, I don't know, man, that sounds fucked up.
They are, unfortunately.
I just am saying, some days I like to feel like I don't have kids.
So why'd you bring it up?
You brought it up.
Anyway.
Dark Jeff Lord.
No, I'm saying, you know, I understand I have kids.
I love my kids.
You don't sound like you mean it, Jeff.
I love my kids.
Are you like a terrible dad?
I'm a dad.
Is darkness this beard?
Jeff with the heel turn?
It's not a heel turn.
Nobody likes kids that much.
Jeff, this is a very inopportune time for you to be weird about having kids.
We're about to discuss child safety.
Oh, well, maybe I'm just creating a little contrast here.
Don't do that.
All right, let's get into it then.
Um, um, tech CEOs told you have blood on your hands at U.S. Senate Child Safety Hearing.
The U.S. senators on Wednesday grilled leaders of the biggest social media companies and said Congress must quickly pass legislation as one lawmaker accused the companies of having quote, blood on their hands for failing to protect children from escalating
threats of sexual predation on their platforms.
And you've brought me on what you've stumbled into another totally unpleasant subject that now we both have to talk about.
I kind of thought it meant more like, I guess I didn't, yeah, I guess of course it's that.
Are you happy?
No, not at all.
Let's at least watch it.
Maybe if we watch a video, it'll be, uh, we don't have to talk as much about this.
Let's see if there's a highlight from this lovely hearing that you've decided to talk about for some reason.
Exactly.
I have kids and you're making me talk about this.
You just said you don't even care about kids.
The children are the future.
And I'm on the side of whoever of the side that everybody agreed sounded good in this, which was.
Well, we I don't want to pooch the hearing.
Child Safety Hearing highlights.
Let's let's throw it to this.
In gadget store in gadget.
Okay, there's a 13 minute compilation from in gadget.
Which is one I respect that news outlets so much to everybody in gadget.
Thank you so much for everything.
Let's see what we've got.
Yada yada me.
Mr. Zuckerberg, what the hell were you thinking?
Would you like now to apologize to the victims who have been harmed by your products?
Show them the pictures.
Would you like to apologize for what you've done to these good people?
Did he apologize?
We're about to.
We'll continue its work on an issue on the mind of most American families.
How to keep our kids safe from sexual exploitation and harm in the Internet age.
Discord has been used to groom, abduct and abuse children.
Meta's Instagram helped connect and promote a network of pedophiles.
Snapchats disappearing messages have been co-opted by criminals who financially extort young victims.
Tic-Tac has become a quote platform of choice for predators to access, engage and groom children for abuse.
And the prevalence of CSAM on X has grown as the company has gutted its trust and safety workforce.
Okay, let's give a head a little bit.
That's killing people.
We live in an American 2024 where there is no regulatory body dealing with the most profitable, biggest companies in the history of the world.
They can't be sued and there's not one law on the book that's meaningful protecting the American consumer.
We make careful product design choices to help make our app inhospitable to those seeking to harm teens.
Let me give you a few examples of long-standing policies that are unique to TikTok.
We didn't do them last week.
First, direct messaging is not available to any users under the age of 16.
Second, accounts for people under 16 are automatically set to private along with their content.
Furthermore, the content cannot be downloaded and will not be recommended to people they do not know.
Okay, so problem solved.
You only got a minute in, Jeff.
But look, you said, if you're under 16, you're locked down.
That's so easy to get past.
How? You just lie about your age.
It's just a little drop down menu, like the internet's always been.
You just dropped on an age that's old, even if you're a 14-year-old in 2002, or wait, 2000.
I mean, I do think it's a little not entirely reasonable to act like pedophilia is exclusively the purview of tech companies.
I think it's an incendiary and acidic force on society in general that affects a lot of different platforms and mediums and just social situations in general.
I certainly think that social media companies should do what they can to limit the spread of it, and I'm sure a lot of them aren't.
But it does feel, as usual, to be a little bit like these senators are just getting up there to sound tough on pedophiles, which is an easy...
It's an easy thing to sound righteous about because obviously you should be.
And all I hear is, as usual, case equivocating because he doesn't care about defending the kids.
You just said you don't care about your own kids.
How's it going, Kendall? I need a what? Oh no. What's going on?
Kendall took a shower, and she just got her tattoo removed. She's getting her tattoo removed, so she needs someone to apply an ointment to her back.
Oh, and are you upset about that? I'm not upset about that at all. I just have to go do that.
Jeff, will you stick around and help with that? Me and my son have stuff to do.
Well, I told you I have kids. Look at my tiny boy. He's in danger because of social media platforms and tech companies.
And I have to go protect him just like you have to go protect Kendall's back.
Okay, you're mimicking Jeff's son so well.
Well, he's athletically gifted. He's a natural mimic, and he sees something physically. He tries to do it.
Save the kids. I'll go help my son fight off big tech real quick. You go help Kendall with her back.
Okay, I'll play that video while we do that. I'll play the video while we do that. Thank you very much.
Son, let's go help with this.
Third, every teen under 18 has a screen time limit automatically set to 60 minutes.
And fourth, only people 18 and above are allowed to use our live stream feature.
It's never been a secret that Snapchat is used to send sexually explicit images.
In 2013, early in your company's history, you admitted this in an interview. Do you remember that interview?
You said that when you were first trying to get people on the app, you would quote,
go up to the people and be like, hey, you should try this application.
You can send disappearing photos, and they would say, oh, for sexting. Do you remember that interview?
Senator, when we first created the application, it was actually called Pickaboo,
and the idea was around disappearing images. The feedback we received from people using the app
is that they were actually using it to communicate. So we changed the name of the application to Snapchat,
and we found that people were using it to talk visually.
As early as 2017, law enforcement identified Snapchat as the pedophile's go-to sexual exploitation tool.
The case of a 12-year-old girl identified in court only as LW shows the danger.
Over two and a half years, a predator sexually groomed her, sending her and sexually explicit images and videos over Snapchat.
The man admitted that he only used Snapchat with LW and not in the other place.
Illinois elder statesman Dick Durbin knew the chats would go away.
Senator, that behavior is disgusting and reprehensible.
We provide in-app reporting tools so that people who are being harassed or who have been shared inappropriate sexual content
can report it. In the case of harassment or sexual content, we typically responded those reports within 15 minutes
so that we can provide help.
Senator, we already work extensively to proactively detect this type of behavior.
We make it very difficult for predators to find teens on Snapchat.
There are no public friends lists, no public profile photos.
When we recommend friends for teens, we make sure that they have several mutual friends in common before making that recommendation.
We believe those safeguards are important to preventing predators from misusing our platform.
How come they're not asking like, do they ask?
How does your software actually accurately track ages?
Do they ask that?
I don't know. We're watching a highlight clip.
I don't particularly want to watch three hours of senators talking about this stuff.
Because you're not a newsman. Do you want to watch it?
I report the news. I don't do the research.
I'm the beautiful mouthpiece for terrible stories about pedophiles.
It's a gross way to put that, Jeff.
A competent question in Congress?
Well, we vote for these people. They're the best of us.
Maybe we'll check back in with the article and see if they illuminate anything.
The hearing marks the latest efforts by lawmakers to address the concerns of parents and mental health experts
and social media companies put profits over guardrails that would ensure their platforms do not harm children.
Mr. Zuckerberg, you and the companies before us, who's saying this?
Mr. Zuckerberg, you and the companies before us, I know you don't mean it to be so,
but you have blood on your hands, said Lindsey Graham.
Referring to Matt, I don't mean to laugh, but he's just such a little scamp.
It's just I picture him in his voice, and he's such a little scamp.
Such a lawmaking little scamp.
Yeah, that's one way to put it, and that's the way I did put it.
Referring to meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg, you have a product that's killing people,
not to be confused with the military products that I completely sign off on that are currently killing people.
Oh wait, he didn't say that.
Zuckerberg testified along with ex-CEO Linda Jacarino, SNAP CEO Evan Spiegel,
and TikTok CEO Shu-Z-Chu, oh shoot, am I saying that wrong?
Shu-Z-Chu, I think?
I might have that wrong too.
Fuck you!
You said it first!
Did I?
Senator Dick Durbin, the Judiciary Aries Committee's Democratic Chairman,
cited statistics from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,
a non-profit group that showed skyrocketing growth in financial sex distortion,
in which a predecessor tricks a minor into sending explicit photos.
Ooh, that sounds pretty rancid.
Yes, yes it does.
Shu-Z-Mos, Shu-Z-Chif.
Yeah, I mean again, I don't want to just say that like CEO should get a pass because senators also suck.
It's just, it kind of reminds me of the TikTok hearing where they're like,
there are more issues with TikTok, but it's very unlikely.
The particular people they've assembled are likely to get to the bottom of it.
Oh, and how would you get to the bottom of it?
I also would fail to get to the bottom of it, but then again, I am not a senator.
Not yet!
Oh, do I have your vote, Jeff?
I would never, I would, that would be the actual straw that would break every camel's little hump.
Flatten it totally.
If you're ever in office, it's the actual end times.
Well, I never will be.
I go forward.
We're voting for case boys.
Don't encourage him.
Running straight for Senate.
Elect the whole studio for all of Congress.
Yeah, each of us can run.
That's how you know, if things ever get to that point.
If one, if say there was a version of me but was way more popular and then he ran all of his personalities as a candidate,
then we're fucked for sure.
Well, we're probably fucked anyway.
Okay.
Steering growth in child sexual, this story is a real, it's a real minefield of just bummer words to say.
Wednesday marked the first appearance by TikTok CEO Chu before US lawmakers since March when the Chinese-owned short video app company faced harsh questions,
including some suggesting the app was damaging children's mental health.
TikTok?
I think it's damaging all of our mental health a little bit, but we are, you know, we are scrolling debatably willingly.
That we're little monkeys that have no self-control and the big mean tech boys are too powerful and weak against their incredible brainwaves.
Vice president is a Snapchat filter.
Joe Biden put Snapchat filtered.
And then we get some, we get one of someone young to do it.
You might be on to something.
Okay, well, anyway, whoever mentioned in chat that this story was really depressing.
That's correct.
So maybe we'll move on to a debate.
It has been demanded.
You don't want to, let me read the last paragraph.
Maybe the last paragraph is a real barn burner of hope.
When a Boeing plane lost a door in a flight several weeks ago, nobody questioned the decision to ground a fleet.
So why aren't we taking the same type of decisive action on the danger of these platforms when we know these kids are dying?
And good old Amy Klobuchar, there isn't a problem that she can't throw a shoe at.
What does that even mean?
That means she's throwing a shoe at the whole system and saying, I don't care if it squishes you little bug person.
You're done for.
And I for once say, great, shut down all my social media apps.
Jeff, that's, don't you make money on social media?
Well, don't shut down my sponsorships.
No, they'd have to shut those down.
Well, and don't, I mean, obviously I need to DM people.
It's kind of how my family keeps in touch.
So don't shut that part down.
Okay.
And also, I mean, I've got a lot of flattering photos on there that I haven't backed up.
And it'd be a real shame if I lost all of those.
So don't remove any of my photos.
Okay.
And I mean, I do have to talk to my son who's 16 on there.
And I mean, it's my kid.
So don't shut down communication between adults and children.
Okay.
And also that's it.
Anywho, from all of us here it been, sometimes the ripples of a story are more like little unpleasant waves that splash you too hard in the face.
And you don't like it.
But I'm the kind of ripple that smooth and goes down easy.
And that's another easy slurp of the ripple from you to me.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
Solid.
Let's get it to debate something.
I only got 30 minutes left.
You know, this is bringing high school photos to stay up on the app that we had my Facebook, which still exists, which I forget about.
Does still have a lot of high school photos on topic.
What he just said about little monkeys.
What did Jeff even say about little monkeys?
Jeff, what did you say about little monkeys?
I don't know.
You don't even know yourself.
I mean, my opinion of little monkeys is that they're cute.
How do you not want to know what comes out of Jeff's mouth?
I just didn't remember.
Are we little monkeys that have no self control?
Ah, yeah.
Sorry.
In my brain, I shouldn't have said little because in my brain we're like hunched over medium sized apes.
Then why'd you say little because it's just did little monkeys is fun to say.
But I should have said hunched over medium sized apes hunched over our phones on an assembly line headed straight towards a factory smoking out belching out smoke and sludge.
But our heads are down in the phone.
And also maybe a gorilla's song is playing.
What?
That's just what I imagine.
Oh, I said it.
Fuck you, case you said it?
Yeah, my bad.
Okay, well anyway, let's set it down to Munch and Crumb.
They're on the debate room floor.
Are we little monkeys with no self control?
Only two people can sort it out for us.
And it's them.
So let's get over there.
Look at this big ass TV.
Put that shit down.
It's a powerful studio full of technology.
It's good to see each and every one of you.
Oh, the applause for me is too much.
Can't get the whole line into the debate field.
So that's that.
I mean, we'll debate the little monkey thing.
Shit, did I miss?
Are we little monkeys that have no self control?
Yes, that is what we're debate.
Why do you look so surprised?
Listen to these people going crazy for me.
And as always, hating you.
But you're still here, unfortunately.
Everybody can see it is crumb.
All right.
Well, it's good to be back.
Just my beautiful locks.
You look extra conehead today.
No, I don't swear to God you do.
You have become a conehead.
What's happened to you?
My head is normal.
It's so pointy.
It's crazy how pointy from this angle is fine.
But when I look at it close, what?
It's so pointy, man.
What happened?
Well, your hair is flat today.
No, my hair just goes through moods.
Sometimes it's perky and petite.
Sometimes it's reticent, but mysterious.
What's wrong with you today?
Your fucking coneheads wrong with me.
You ain't fucking Dan Aykroyd.
What are you fucking about to find some crystal skulls?
You fucking coneheaded bitch.
Jesus Christ.
What are we debating if we're all little monkeys with no control?
Unfortunately, you're proving that we are.
But I happen to have a little faith in humanity.
I'm not a little fucking.
I'm a big monkey and I don't need self-control.
I'm a creature of pure instinct.
So, fine.
Some people are little.
Obviously, I'm a big monkey, but I will agree.
Self-control is totally unnecessary.
That's going against millions of years of spiritual tradition.
I'd say just against the arc of history generally,
being a creature of pure id with no self-control
is the exact opposite of what we should aspire to be.
So, I will as usual defend the last semblance of sanity
that can exist on this kangaroo court
of a pretend-to-beat show.
Somebody's fucking fired up today.
Somebody's fucking diapers full of lemonade.
What? What?
Your voices went up higher.
Why would my diaper be full of lemonade?
Because life gave you lemons and you took a shit in your pants.
No, lemonade would be like piss.
You shit out lemonade.
Oh my God.
Let's just debate the little...
It's already going.
You're wasting everyone's time as usual.
Look, we are at times little monkeys with no self-control.
But we can and should aspire to be more.
I'm saying this each every week because I'm pleading with you.
My fellow human beings, don't succumb to the ridiculous serpentine river
of vitriolic sludge that naturally spills forth
from the human spirit when it is unbound from logic
and the very human soul that we should all aspire to fill ourselves with.
At our best, we are much more than that.
We're collaborative.
We're beautiful beings capable of empathy
construction, compromise of incredible feats
only possible through self-reflection.
And I would just like, earnestly, we can be better
and we occasionally do do better
and let's hold on to those precious moments.
Shut the fuck up.
A little baby bitch is talking and that's you, not me.
I'm a big daddy bitch who's stopping on your stupid fucking ass.
I've never thought for a second in my life
everything that comes out of my mouth
is essentially the word of God
unbound from any reason, pure instinct
like a fucking volcano erupting.
I am a force of nature and I can't be controlled
and if that force of nature is a little monkey
that gets red when it gets angry
then spank my fucking monkey ass
I'm serious and I don't even know why.
What are you even debating?
I don't know man, I don't have to think about it.
That's the point. There's no thought.
I'm a little monkey with no self-control
and I love it.
Rub my little monkey tummy and climb a tree with me daddy.
Are we little monkeys with no self-control?
Nah.
And I would say,
honestly, I don't usually care that much
if I, you care so much every time.
I usually don't care that much if I do
but this is one that's a win for all of us.
You're truly believable.
Oh, I got that one.
Shut the fuck up.
Nope.
I got that one.
I can cut the part where I'm just talking out.
This is what we need to aspire to.
To do better.
You should do better.
You should think.
I'm not thinking right now.
I'm not mad
because you are incapable of upsetting me
and I have no thoughts.
I went harder than you.
You can't deny that.
I went,
it's not about going hard.
It's always about going hard.
Break them.
Break who?
I don't know them.
You murdered me with your questions
but facts and science all need the same.
Well, thank you all for those of you
who voted for the side of the intro.
They're singing your praises right now,
bringing precious mana into your ears
through the dulcet torch.
I can't believe you love your own fucking song so much.
You think you're better than me
and you love this song so much.
You just spat all over your microphone.
Good.
My mic likes my spit
because I spit fucking fire
and my mic likes it hot.
Go ahead, grumpstaff.
No, I'm at peace actually.
I'm feeling very peaceful today
because I'm a creature of reason.
You're not fucking reasonable.
You're about as re-re-reasonable
as the fucking raisin' net.
That's so bad!
Why do you,
just try if you're gonna insult me.
Just say something!
I'm only a factor!
Look how upset he is, folks.
This little monkey has no self-control.
Let the record show.
It doesn't fucking matter
if he thinks he won.
Of course he didn't.
He's a little monkey with no self-control.
I upset him by saying raisin' net.
It's just so dumb the way you said it!
Everything you say is so dumb!
But look at this.
I collect my show.
I won.
I did win.
You didn't fucking win.
You're maniac today.
You're being dangerous today.
I don't feel safe.
Of course you don't.
You wouldn't feel fucking safe
on an escalator going half a mile per hour
that drops you off in a fucking kiddie pool
filled with marshmallows.
You're a pathetic baby filled with fear.
I'm not.
Alright, folks.
I won.
You've lost.
Well, actually, what's even the score?
I feel like we haven't updated it at all.
You haven't.
I think I won the last two.
That feels right to me.
Sixty.
I'm saying that because I have no choice.
I have 69 points.
Nice.
But it's not.
It's not.
It's just that number is nice.
69 points.
Nice.
Not that you had the points.
69.
Nice.
Points.
Not nice.
But 69 points.
Nice.
That might not even be the real score.
I'm just saying it sounds right.
Fuck!
Wait, why are you getting closer in the score?
Because I keep beating you.
Because you're an insane
thoughtless buffoon
that just dribbles
rancid
nonsense out of his mouth
like fucking spoiled milk
out of a curtain in a trash can.
You're fucking Oscar the Grouch
if he, instead of being
green, he was poop!
You think my insults suck
and listen to what you just said.
I think we're out of time.
Yeah, that is.
Actually, that is all the time we have.
Sorry, folks.
He's not being unreasonable today.
We cast insult.
His brain is pulsating.
He's fucking cone head.
He had to smash it down in the wide,
but believe me, in the close,
it's fucking pointed.
You can fucking impale yourself on it
because he's a not a human.
He's a fucking freak.
He's horrible.
He hate his guts.
I love each and every one of you.
I'll see you all soon
and have a beautiful one.
They were both being crazy, in my opinion.
They were being crazy today.
But it's nice to know
that we're not little monkeys
with no self-control.
And, you know,
we aspire to be more.
Okay.
Crumb going primal.
Primal Crumb.
Crumb should be a character
in the game Primal Fear.
If only I knew how to mod things.
I would have taken the time to do that.
I don't know why.
Usually I don't really care
about just mashing two things together,
but for some reason,
the idea of specifically Crumb
being a playable character
in the arcade game Primal Fear
would make me really happy.
Oh, okay.
I do have to do this podcast soon.
I guess we have time for, like,
one more thing.
Oh, I meant Primal Rage.
Fuck. Primal Fear is that movie.
Who's in...
Okay, Primal Fear
is the Edward Norton movie
based on the 1993 novel.
And Primal Rage is what I mean.
It's Richard Gere and Edward Norton.
Sorry.
Google just put Edward Norton first
for some reason.
I don't know.
I feel like I've seen this movie.
Oh, it's a court movie.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Somebody orders...
Murder is an archbishop.
It's all coming back to me.
I don't know if this movie was on Cinemax,
but it feels like the kind of thing
I probably watched on Cinemax
and my parents' house.
Glacius looks like Crumb if you squint.
Oh, yeah, Killer Instinct.
Killer Instinct, Crumb and just get too fucked up.
Primal Rage, if he's increased to the size of a dino,
then he might have a chance.
Primal Rage was the best Sega Genesis game you owned.
Yeah, that and Clay Fighters
felt similar to me,
probably just in the art style,
but there's also like a sponginess
to the combat that retrospectively
is very funny to me for some reason.
Yeah, and you could eat people for health.
Man, what a game.
There was an arcade version of it
at a local pizza place next to me
that we would sometimes pick up
taco pizzas from
before they were a Taco Bell thing.
So that, and I would get excited
every time I saw it.
Just a little sort of...
That's the kind of thing I'll think about
once I'm riddled with Alzheimer's
and on my deathbed I'll be like,
the pizza place had Primal Rage
and it was like Play Fighter.
My kids would be like,
okay, dad, except I want to have kids.
I want to have kids.
Well, let's do some dumb news
before we get out of here for the day.
Whoa, some of this is dark news
even if it sounds funny.
The men who wear the same underwear
for an entire week.
What does that even mean?
Hmm.
Well, this is the kind of thing
Chet would probably want to talk about.
So I guess let's bring him over.
Please welcome to the desk, of course.
It's Chet.
Hell yes, it's about damn time.
I can't be a fan of Lizzo anymore,
but you know what I mean.
I'm Chet Manscape.
It's good to see everyone of you.
I'm back on the news
and I'm talking about the stories that matter.
For instance, hygiene,
which is important.
A lot of people think men's issues
is just a joke
because we little monkeys
with no self-control
we just covered that.
Oh, well, it's just a thing
I was saying separately
from whatever boring thing
you were talking about.
But actually hygiene is very important
and men's issues and men's...
What's the word?
Are you trying to say rights?
No, priorities.
Men's priorities?
We got to stay in for men's priorities.
What does that even mean?
I don't know, like, men.
Let's get our priorities straight.
Okay, that could be positive.
Yeah, exactly.
It could be.
It could be.
In a world.
But what if you wear underwear
for a week straight?
Is the question,
I'm assuming, being proposed
by this story?
And so far I'd say
that's probably bad,
but let's find out together
about the men who wear
the same underwear
for an entire week.
Are we sure this isn't
like a kid's book?
Like, are you my mother?
It's on Vice News, so...
No, I'm not.
Sure.
Okay.
Apparently one of five men
actually do this, fellas.
Surely only hostages do that.
Say it's my dad.
My dad would say some shit
like that, too.
He'd be like,
what are we, Alcada?
What?
That's just one of his catchphrases.
That's one of his catchphrases.
My dad's a Texas big shot.
It is one of his catchphrases.
That doesn't sound good.
Just let him be him.
Just keep reading, Chuck.
When I tell him I'm on the hump
for men who don't change
their underwear for days on end,
I don't blame him.
I made that sound different,
but you get the idea.
Even as a self-convest goblin girl
who crawls on her desk
having thrown on yesterday's...
Who is a goblins writing this?
Chuck, you're not making much progress
with the sentences here.
Because they're crazy.
What did I just read?
She's trying to be a cuter...
I don't know.
Let's get through it.
I can't believe I'm reading a goblin story.
I was pretty horrified at the idea
of guys wearing the same pair of undies
for a week straight.
Damn, even goblins don't do it.
It's coming straight from one.
But I'm afraid it's not just the hostages
of first year students
who model their hygiene habits
on 00s, the spies,
gross out comedies.
I didn't know 007 did gross out comedies.
According to a new study,
20% of men wear the same underwear
for a week, one in five.
That's like two guys on every bus
sitting on a seat.
You might drop your...
Can I say ass?
Chuck, you say way worse things
than ass constantly.
Okay, I'll say it then.
Drop your ass into...
into inboxers.
Wait, okay.
That's like two guys on every bus
sitting on a seat.
You might drop your ass onto inboxers
that really put the Y
into Y fronts.
What are you waiting for?
I don't know.
Of course, as soon as I heard this stat,
I set up to fire on some of these men
which proved more challenging
than the numbers would suggest.
It seems not many guys
want to admit that
they're tackle fester for days
at a time.
But slowly a few came out
of the woodwork. I'm not tracking.
It's a goblin
who's festering fish bait?
Chuck, you're capable of understanding
metaphors.
You know, um,
comparative language?
I actually wear my underwear once a day
since 39-year-old Tommy
dude, Tommy!
You fucking tellin' on yourself!
Well, he's getting interviewed by Vice.
Fuck, Tommy. Come on, man.
Just keep it to yourself, dude.
They don't... unless you hookin' up.
Nobody has to... okay, whatever.
But during the weekend, I may wear the same underwear
for a few days due to my hectic schedule
being a father of three young boys
and I always on the move.
And at a certain point, kids smell like fuckin' shit
so nobody notices that you do.
Is that true you have six sons, right, Chuck?
Oh, of course. And their names are
Levi Jean.
Brixton.
Brixton?
It's always been Brixton. And the other three.
It's almost as... Wintree Minnet says,
it's almost as disgusting as some dude not washing their butts
because they think it's weird.
Well, I mean...
You can't reach too far inside your ass.
Because then it's...
Then you're just playin'.
What?
I mean, men are sensitive about washing their ass
because obviously you want to get a couple inches in there.
Five or six.
To clean it.
With your spelunking rod.
Am I the only guy that cleans his ass
with a spelunking rod that he keeps in his shower?
That he hoses down with alcohol afterwards?
It's staying sometimes,
but that's how you know it. Oh my God, Chuck.
What?
I just read it.
Read it.
I am.
As excuses go,
it's undeniably a good one.
Basically, Tommy's too busy
looking after the little fellas to look after himself.
But look, I'm an understanding girlie.
Okay, good. I thought she was a goblin.
But look, I'm an understanding...
Okay, she outperpeting. I despise doing laundry
and I try to put it off for as long as I possibly
to personally,
dangerously low stocks are a red alert.
But maybe for others that simply
an amber early warning sign
laundry last orders
if you will.
I can't.
I'm in a maze of words.
I don't know what up is.
Chet should be a spokesperson for spelunking rods?
I mean happily. I mean they kept my ass
so clean for years.
Chet ass is usually like not just the whole.
It's the whole but.
Am I crazy for keeping
my inner ass immaculate?
Think of what comes out of there.
You're not spelunking your ass
and I'm the weirdo.
It just sounds a little
extreme. This guy doesn't
spelunking rod his butt.
I don't.
You're telling on yourself.
I don't think I am.
Now everybody agrees that you're being a little
your gross guy.
I mean sometimes I bust out like the
8-inch or to really clean it.
Oh my, I mean to catch up.
Maybe just reevaluate what you're enjoying
here and then no shame.
But being clean? Yeah, I enjoy
being clean.
I do agree it saves from
doing excess laundry time
he admits. Plus
I like saving the nice
repair for the work week and you know
what? There fucks, mate.
Anything that gets you
through the morning meetings.
Who fucks?
Oh yeah, Fiona.
Casey has to go hang out with you in a second.
I don't even know why he's fucking doing the news. Well I was going to do
pale world but then I had to edit right up until
basically four. So I didn't think I had
time to learn
the game.
What's a paleo world?
A diet? No, pale world.
Oh, Pokemon. No, okay.
I'm not getting sucked into
another who's on first bit with you chat.
I don't stop saying
old things that suck.
Nobody cares.
Yeah, you're probably right. If other fellas are actually keeping
one pair of boxers on for over five
days, wearing the same set on the weekend
because your toddlers are leaving
does toddlers mean balls in this context?
What is it, comparative language?
No, she means the actual toddlers.
Oh, your toddlers are leaving you sleep
deprived seems almost fair.
I need to find some full weekers though.
So I kept digging and soon enough
other excuses and lifestyles habits
came to the surface.
Ravi, oh shit.
Ravi's market whose name has been changed for
privacy reasons like others in this piece
lives in a country with a much hotter
more humid climate than
the British Isles. And I will not read
what she said about that because I have family
from there if British family
from the Isles. Yes. And the
only God that's forsaken it is
her taste, which is ungodly.
You might think this would lead to more
frequent underwear swapping, but in Ravi's case
you'd be wrong.
I don't know if I just don't know how I feel about this writer.
I mean, she's beautiful.
Shut.
You haven't seen this person.
Yeah, but you can just tell from
the vibe of the writing like she's
beautiful.
Do you just think that about any if you read the word
if there's like a clearly a female
first person writer you just assume they're beautiful.
Are you assuming women aren't beautiful
case?
I'm just saying it's a weird assumption to me.
She's beautiful, but
her writing is confusing me. That's just because
you're different.
I am built different.
Mostly I wear the same underwear for two
to four days. He tells Vice when I've
switted a lot in the underwear that I
change it, which could be better just
after one day of use, but
generally I'm not in my underwear
for more than five hours a day
and only when I'm going out. How can this
be? Well, at home he doesn't wear any
underwear at all again.
And now this writer is telling
on themselves because it's only polite
in most modern societies. You take off
your shoes, you take off your pants,
you hang up your underwear
on the rack next to your shoes
and then you put your pants
back on or your big saggy
basketball shorts.
You know, whether you're at your house or a
France house. I'm like tired of going to
France houses and they don't have an underwear
hanging rack. I guess they just do things
differently in Texas. Hell yeah, we do
fucking built different in
Casey.
Hey guys.
It's not just a hot climate that leads guys to
adapt their underpants routines either. Casey lives
Alaska. One of the coldest places
in the U.S. right now the temperature is being
minus 20 degrees firing height
or colder. So taking my
clothes off is really kind of the last thing I want to do.
Well that's if it's fucking cold
then get off our backs
ladies.
If it's cold, if it's cold
we should be allowed to just take ourselves
up with our own fill.
For warmth.
You know, like thick matted
taint hairs that keep our
engines
fully insulated. What is going on with your
body chat?
I live in LA dude, this isn't a consideration for me
but if I was in fucking
happy feet too or whatever
my taint hairs would need to grow out
and get thick and matted so that they could keep
all of my inner thigh meat warm.
I think we actually have to go
do the podcast. The Patreon
well I have to go to the Patreon
I'm sorry that you're scared of hygiene
if I can't honestly, I can't tell
if you're more hygienic than
the average person or incredibly
less. More!
Leave on a high note, good call.
Thank you psychor. Well and he's calling
what he sees which is excellence from me
so let's go to the podcast
you fucking chiefin' over there
the driver he says is the podcast
I well I mean I don't
I actually never smoke weed cause it stresses me out
so my guess is no
you fucking square ass bitch
me? Okay fine
you're fine. Podcast dude
that's a good idea
does that exist? That has to exist. The podcast
there's definitely a podcast
about pot called the podcast
that's like the first thing someone who smokes pot
who wants to make a podcast about pot would think
I have to assume
get it while it's reverie
fucking call your senator
demand a hearing and
then get that shit
copyrighted. That's not how copyright works
do what you gotta do
alright let's um
let's get out of here for the day
I'll actually find someone to raid
oh you'll do it for me okay yeah fine that's fine by me
let's play some fucking epic
fucking music
nah that's not epic enough
hell yes
oh shit
you got papito you been holding out on me
listen up boys
we fucking did it
the news was us
and we did that
together we learned
but the time has come
to raid
and so
as the French would say
opus rye
you gotta go little possum
is how that translates
and dank sauce is playing grand theft auto 5
so you're in fucking luck
you lucky little monkeys
that have no self control
let's raid dank sauce
let's support dank sauce
playing grand theft auto 5
let's be the best
let's not ever watch
case do whatever dumb thing he's doing
why'd you gotta throw that in there chat
because I love you
and
with that we say
goodbye friend
never but now
is the god
what the fuck
that bitch left
alright see y'all later we raid and raid
just a case raid
and I will be back with
the case will be on his thing he fucking left
just fucking left without even saying bye
that's honestly rude as shit
but I'll forgive him because I'm basically
I studied Jesus
and I'm slowly becoming him and I don't think that's a stretch to say
alright y'all
fucking bless up
I love you
I love this
I love you I fucking you know it
you get it bye
I can't
I missed the button I can't click it
there I got it
it's not okay
damn y'all
started barely 14 months after the raid
even happens but now we gotta go
and so we say