I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this!
I'm Pepito!
Noises!
Hello everybody.
I've been searching the internet for how to use
TurboGrafx CD games on my computer.
If I seem like I'm distracted it's because I'm looking at this picture.
Isn't it beautiful?
This is what we have to look forward to today.
Thank you it's a slightly different haircut, it's honestly not that new.
But my side's real short.
Real short right now.
On a key I've never played this game.
I've seen pictures of it though and I'll never play it actually.
Crypto Zeus Gaming will be playing it later.
We'll also be doing a how-to and doing some therapy today.
So we've got a very hot stream.
You cut it, I cut it myself in the mirror.
Maybe I could do this one myself.
It just was a buzz.
But I had a lady do this for me.
I had someone cut my hair for me.
Did you demand staff get similar haircuts I did?
They all said no and then they showed up with the same haircut anyway.
They said it was their idea.
Except for Pito who does not...
That doesn't look like Pito at all.
How am I supposed to look?
That looks more like Pito.
For a second I thought you got both my hair, haircut and my face.
I would get neither ever.
My hair is already highly designed evolutionarily.
For maximum ground suction.
Ground suction.
It basically makes me a living vacuum.
The design of my hair.
How does that... how did your hair help with that?
I don't know.
What's the word? Nautilus?
I'm not getting tricked into saying the word this early in the stream.
But I don't understand how things work.
But I don't know how my hair makes me good at sucking up food.
RetroArcs should have a core but you might have to download some BIOS packs for the system cards.
You just said the magic word to make my skin to sort of become cold.
A nice flat sweat.
The word BIOS.
The biosphere!
Ah, Lemon Sleazy linked me to a Reddit thread.
Guys we can read... who needs news when we can read this Reddit thread?
How to emulate TurboGraphic CD games?
I'm glad that there's a lot of text on how to do it.
That'll be fun for us to figure out together.
They're easy to find. They probably are easy to find.
I mean it's probably in this thread.
First have a look at this documentation.
There are multiple versions of CD-ROM BIOS. Maybe you have the wrong one.
I see the core support Stut CCD files but I have no experience with them.
I usually have ISO or CUI obviously.
Oh you know what I also have to talk to little Munchie Joe?
Do you know who that is, Pepito?
Is that one of your guys from the thing?
Isn't he like a new guy in diapers?
Oh that helps actually.
Maybe I can find a diaper guy to talk to?
I just need a diaper guy.
Maybe I just need a baby?
You set the system card by us.
Pepito actually I'm gonna run down really quick to see if I can get little Munchie Joe's opinion on some things.
Because he was requested yesterday.
So just if you can just take care of business for a minute.
Okay that Pepito's out of sorts actually.
So instead we'll just do this.
That's just me. It's just me.
I'm actually little Munchie Joe's keeper.
I just happen to look like you.
This is little Munchie Joe.
If you have any questions for little Munchie Joe I will be interpreting.
What he has to say.
You look exactly like me but in a purple coat.
That's crazy how that works then.
Because I'm not you.
This is little Munchie Joe.
Do you have any questions for him?
You're just me.
I...quick getting distracted by me.
And ask questions to little Munchie Joe that was the request.
Specifically oh we also need an expert on how to emulate games.
I can't help you there.
After all I'm just you.
This is identity fracturing for me.
Okay this is...I need someone that at least looks different than me.
What do you hate your own face?
No I just need it to be my face.
Fine.
I'm supposed to also have so many requests.
Dopamine 1x thank you for the follow.
Dopamine probably is excited that little Munchie Joe's here.
So if you have any questions he's quite busy.
If you could get to the questions.
In another universe I just am little Munchie Joe's manager.
Acting like that's not a big deal.
I'm actually a lot busier and more important than whatever this little stream is.
And it's a miracle that I got you little Munchie Joe.
This is a favor just because we look exactly alike.
Well can little Munchie Joe talk for himself?
That's what I am here for.
Could you just ask him any questions you have for him?
Little Munchie Joe I remember you being full-size and shirtless with graham crackers.
What changed?
Yes Joe?
Yeah?
He says he got little and he became a little guy.
And he put on clothes and he have diaper now.
Still.
He have diaper now still?
Why does he talk like that?
I'm translating I don't speak fluent baby.
He's an adult little guy.
You know I also talked to some Looney Tunes fan girl.
I already did that actually.
Don't worry I already did that.
Sorry I was trying to see if there's a specific request for as to why I'm talking to little Munchie Joe.
But I don't think there is.
I don't think you're here for any particular reason little Munchie Joe.
My God I got to get a better way to do this.
Oh to cover the video of Trump shitting himself in the Oval Office.
We did already watch that actually but I'm down to watch it again.
I am fine to keep watching that.
I also live in Sleazy sent me the CIS card.
The systems card.
I of course know I use that for little Munchie Joe isn't here to answer your questions about emulation.
Which by the way, should be purchasing these games legally.
I am I'm just researching emulation unrelated.
Little Munchie Joe what are your opinions on Trump shitting himself?
What's that Joe?
Little Joe?
I can't hear him talking at all.
I'm talking to him.
He says it's good.
That's it?
That took him that long to say that?
He says he likes the way he poop and that it's good.
He like the way he poop?
He good at the he like the poop that it did.
Are you capable of actually translating?
I literally am translating right now.
You're being so mean to me who's basically you.
Alright.
You heard him perfectly?
Yeah that's they're calling me accountable.
They know exactly what I what he said.
Alright last question.
I think the president being an incontinent aging pedophile leading our country
and potentially into multiple wars simultaneously.
Will have any consequences in the midterms?
He says it won't.
That's it? Any reason why?
Because people like the way he poop.
They thought it funny when he poop.
People like poop idiot.
Poop idiot 2028.
Is Little Munchie Joe Maga?
No he just like the way Trump poop too.
And that's not a baby as he seems like a baby.
This is not a baby sized guy.
His mouth moves along with yours actually.
Yeah well he likes to mouth along like a baby.
But he's not a baby.
He's more than baby clearly.
Look he's so little and he floats.
Well Munchie Joe's a wild guy.
You just got to get to know him.
Well I guess I'm trying to do that.
He won't even talk to me.
He's been talking to you this whole time.
You're just not capable of listening.
Little Munchie Joe knows what I mean.
Don't close up on yourself too.
Why can't I do that?
That's my thing.
Get out of here.
Stop the music.
I'm in charge of this.
Now there's another slightly different case stream.
That's not exciting.
You're just me but purple.
That's different.
Alright well thanks for being here.
Little Munchie Joe and I guess myself.
You but slightly different actually.
Thank you very much and you're welcome.
Little Munchie Joe says you were rude.
So you don't leave a great impression.
So you may not be back by my.
No close ups for me?
Doesn't seem fair but I'll accept it.
Not everyone's built for close ups case.
When I push the camera away everybody gets upset.
They like bring it back in please.
And I do.
I can't leave it out here.
I'm gonna make them want more.
Then I'm bringing in.
That's what having a face for TV is like.
I can only dream.
People can only dream.
Oh look at this fucking good.
Do we have sexy music?
Nope.
You don't.
You should have sexy music.
You're a little dog.
I don't know what sexy means.
Is that like chicken fingers?
Yes.
I'm looking sick.
Is someone getting ready for court?
I'm not trying to take that.
No no no no no.
Sick could be bad in there.
That's sweet.
Yes Mr. President.
Are you still functioning today?
He is not functioning right now.
Let me fix the president and we'll get this taken care of for you.
Right away don't worry.
He's just temporarily out of sorts.
He's doing pretty good though for 600 years old.
Mr. President let's try that one more time.
Once more with feeling please.
please god what a what an elegant setup I have oh slick no that's just my fault for
being pretty bad at reading it turns out that's true case blackwell said I'm the
only little Joe and a diaper in this dream Jack also I get the munchies from
those jazz cigarettes some other case how was he liked other case other case had
a good vibe to him really anything that's just not quite you everybody everybody
everybody's going crazy for stuff it's not quite case because I get market not
quite case can we get snakebiden back that dude seemed cooler I do kind of miss
snakebiden but we will probably be getting a lot of just what was it brick
lizard later so the voice will be back I suspect don't worry I got to figure out
how to you know what don't even worry about it I won't worry about a case great
other case team yeah we also have to talk to someone about who's an expert in
ROMs but maybe we'll save that for just slightly later when we have to set up
with this CIS card situation I have to read this doc on how to do it get
excited for us to have to read this later you ever wondered about how any CP AP
PC engines work on the CD beetle PC E fast because I've always wanted to read this
for a long time I wanted to read this and this is a good time I'm excited but for
now guys we're gonna read all the news that you saw share to fit it's news time
it's still yeah turn my truck up that's the end let's see that's all we have so far
we're trying that out is sort of a hook that was the hook it's the hook y'all
I'm gonna you brought the bees with you today I got a lot of fans hmm we'll see
if we can fix that one of these days that stop it nobody cares it's jevree thing
everybody actually correct it is jevree thing I'm jevree thing classic right
now but the classic is silent so you're lucky but the but if you wrote it it
would say jevree thing classic we're sort of in a retro phase right now his
Jupiters and Blood Moon or something so they thought it'd be good to for me to
go back to jevree thing you know yeah he did also get a haircut did I or did I
always look this good I'm biting my lip I got holographic teeth put in what I'm
testing out how I contort my lips to make it look like I still have actual
teeth but I did get the holographic teeth surgery and I think they look good
but they don't bite very good because they're they're made of light so you
just don't have teeth anymore well I mostly was on an all gas diet is mostly a
gas-based diet lately so teeth are people are really not in having teeth
anymore but I guess you're still on teeth that's fun for you biting my
lip oh it fuses it fuses I can feel the light fusing with my oh my lips are also
made out of sand what I got the sand lip surgery I have to be careful because
it's ever played like with children's art where they used to swirl up together
fun colors yes my lips are like that but for lips
they're mostly sand-based lips right now are you how much of you is still
human my my music
that's really good you're gonna put on a Bieber style performance throw on the
underwear and grab a guitar later now he already did that he looked great okay
you don't remember that in pure moods well I haven't finalized my contract with
pure moods yet okay it's everything it's good to see you again you've been
missing I've been really busy I've been in the lab not with a pen and a pad I
been in the lab under contract just sleeping I've been I'm paid actually to
go into the lab to sleep it's a sleep lab I'm sort of just making money right now
by debt by debt by I'm telling my body to the what's the word don't say it
please I'm doing research for a song for a music album that's what I'm calling it
oh you're calling it a music album I'm one of the first guys to call it that
I'm doing research for this thing called a music album and it's called weird
nope don't say it you know the new old music you're looking for listen to this
yeah and back to the future you would that would be the contract you get because
your music is a little generic you know what that's not fair I apologize thank
you your music is not generic it is something else other than that that's
a really nice compliment yeah yeah yeah yeah okay anyway news is what we do
here remember everything I don't remember that at all oh well look we
do sometimes click on stories that chat shares and they've done that today they've
shared a couple more stories so that's why you're here we talked about Epstein too
much yeah we might go to war with Iran but what else is happening in the world
hmm I don't know well that's why you read you're lecturing me right now I've
been researching a role called guy who gets angry at everyone I've been
studying you it's for the new album I'm releasing called love that make you man
good title what should everything's next song be about I love this I haven't been
sure myself so if anybody has any ideas I'd love to know because I love my fans
bite slip am I doing it because it's hard to have this arts I still know the
sand shifts around my light teeth your options are piss elevator farts
genital slits plural that's kind of new for us butt crust and common mountain do I
guess I did come in Pepsi as an eyes going little edgier so I could keep on
Brandon stay with the mountain do stuff I guess that sounds great to everything it
does it because it won give me a different track let's see if we can work this out
together no we needed there's we just have to click on a couple news stories
it's so simple the setup that we have how do we not just do the setup we have I
have a song to make but not good I wasn't a fan everything I'll be honest with
you that's perfect because if you don't like it that means my demo will like it
because your demo is more old guy who not who doesn't like stuff that is my demo
so I think it'll be a hit what part of it the whole thing are my eyes looking
what do you mean are my eyes looking I'm functionally blind but I did have I had
the mellow eye surgery what is that they paint marshmallows like eyes and then
put them where your eyes usually are can you see it all sort of I mean I see what I
need to cowboy am I biting it how are you gonna read the news I'll figure it out
just love a lot of a story load up a story for me blurry shapes that's not
what it says it's not alright let me focus if I can vibe it up somebody's
a ballerina's a Hannah okay sorry I just had to adjust my my mellow eyes Hannah
Nealman's ballerina farm heart sale of raw milk due to bacteria concerns report I'd
say that you're still not reading it but that is what it actually said yeah
Hannah Nealman's ballerina farm how Halt sale of raw milk due to bacteria
concerns okay I think you said hats halt Hannah and Daniel Nealman's a ballerina
farm have paused the store sale of raw milk after routine testing turned up a
violations screenings from last summer showed high levels of chloroform is that
chloroform because why would that be bad oh coliform that's probably not good
either what's wrong with coliform I'm from coliform yeah the family bacteria
that includes E. coli bottled on pasteurized milk sold by ballerina farm I
like the farm name is it still for sale because honestly they look cool they've
got a good vibe I trust their milk energy and bacteria is natural you don't
want bacteria free milk that might be true on some level but I don't think you
want E. coli in your milk well you might not but have you seen your skin
lately yes looking pretty normal and that's not good my skin's not that normal
Olive Garden horror Mal cook dead after committing suicide by thrusting his head
in the deep fryer in the kitchen whoa holy shit I did not expect that
headline is um what is it even possible to kill yourself that way is does that
bad yeah that sounds bad I mean I put my head in a deep fryer but for medical
reasons you can die that way yes oh I paid good money to have that done it
increased the deepness of my skin set well this guy did it differently to
everything in a horrific back to Mal employee at Olive Garden committed we
have to call it I think it's the new term is undermining your existence by
dying yourself by thrusting their head deep in a deep fryer radar online dot com
can reveal the incident occurred last Friday where the man worked as a cook the
smoking gun looked into the situation in which the man ended up dead from burn
injuries Laura Lescher a Pennsylvania State Police both where I said explain
the incident was a suicide attempt and out of respect for the individual and
their family we don't release information attempt sounds like he succeeded
can we at least celebrate people's small successes not in this case to everything
it's just was disrespectful to say it was an attempt when he pulled it off that's
like when I got that review that says I attempted to make something approximating
music but all I made was essentially of an audit what was it audio warm crime
probably warm war crime hmm and another dispatch audio the operator claimed a male
victim went head first into the fryer that is crazy I guess I guess if you dunk
your head in there I'm trying to make because it seems like you burn your
skin obviously horrifically probably beyond fixing but then it feels like you
would pull yourself out but I guess maybe you just pass out in the deep fryer then
you just cook yourself to death that's pretty is pretty macabre stuff mm-hmm I'm
really moved by this I just obviously my face isn't capable of expressing that
kind of grief I had that removed but I am really upset by this just trust me I
also had the vocal tone for upset removed from my thyroid or vocal cards or
whatever's in there I didn't fuck around my throat so that I can't sound sad
anymore it seems like a problem as a singer not if you do happy songs which
I like to do that's great don't do that to me do what can you do vocal fry in your
voice no weirdly even though I've had my head in a deep fryer I'm not great with
vocal fry I could try let's see if I can get some vocal fry going not quite okay
there's more stories we're moving at our usual pace but there's a lot of stories
in here so we gotta keep it moving okay I love to move not physically penis
injection claims in winter Olympic ski jumping investigated by Wada penis I
think the way you would read that is penis injection claims in winter
Olympic ski jumping investigated by Wada I think I like the way I did it
actually isn't water like a new screamo artist it's screamo back not the type
you're thinking of during its 26 year history the world anti-doping agency has
faced thousands of questions about athletes using illicit substances
Thursday however Shirley Merck the first time it was asked whether ski jumpers
were injecting their penises with high aleronic acid in order to fly further
how would jumping how would injecting your penis make you go farther further
actually case the Wada president would told bonka that's another great
singer said ski jumping is very popular in Poland so I promise you I'm looking at it
for the right smile I don't get it I also don't entirely get it as crazy as it
sounds there are broader concerns surrounding the issue which has been
dubbed penis gate after they were first reported by German newspaper build
last year two of Norway's Olympic medalists Marius Lindvik and John on
the Frafrong were given three-month suspensions after the team was found to
have secretly adjusted the seams of their suits around the crotch area I guess by
filling their penises with acid or something I'm making assumptions yeah I
don't know if that's what they mean Norway's head coach Magnus Brevik
assisted coach Thomas Lobben and staff member Adrienne Livalton were also
banned for 18 months for their involvement in the scheme which made the
jumpers such larger and therefore reduced their descent rate due to the
bigger wingspan what does that have to do with jamming acid in your penis every
two centimeters in suit size circumference reduced drag by four percent
however Bell does not claim that jumpers have switched to other methods to
game the system they are when they're measured for their suits data is
taken by 3d scanner for the lowest point of the genitals they included
injecting acid into their penises are putting clay into their underwear to make
their measurements temporarily bigger and therefore their suits looser when
they compete oh so they're jamming temporary penis growth acid into their
penises I don't know yes there's gotta be a better way to get two centimeters
guys go crazy for that kind of stuff I'd have linked tank that ought to take it
off because a big floppy thing down there it's a little in elegant for a
like an artist okay congrats thank you what else what else what else what else
don't act like you haven't tried it I didn't know you could temporarily grow
your penis by jamming acids into it yeah I took LSD and all I got were these
dramatic internal revelations barely any external growth woman in Shanghai
causes multiple accidents after adjusting traffic mirrors for best fine she
how she caused accidents because she moved the mirrors around well but could she
be blamed what if they're in ugly spots people need to adjust their
perception so that they can see beauty in every mirror because I like the way I
look I'm smiling right is this mile yes you're doing great good acid
peen story with Darfus is what I sign to see that's on the boat right I is that who
I like that name can I take that there's technically another guy very similar to
you name that but yeah sure you can have it if you want okay what else Kim Jong-un
execute school children for watching squid game oh really geez the harshest
punishments are typically imposed on poor citizens well what the end of the
something's happening once 30 Jeremy Renner's Jesus Christ
coming off the top ropes with quite the request well there's a reason that it's
an open request system guys we have no choice there's no choice at all it's
not choice at all it's gonna be a real confrontation I gotta say it that is
truly some main attraction energy back to the story about school children being
murdered people in North Korea are being publicly executed for watching South
Korean TV shows including squid game I'm gonna see international reports that
North Korea is severely punishing school children for watching or listening to
South Korean media and popular culture testeminias testimonials from people
who escaped the country reveal that children are sometimes forced to
witness public executions the harshest punishments are typically imposed
on poor citizens while wealthier individuals but are those with
political connections can often avoid executions by bribing officials
and anyway I guess they killed some kids for watching squid game
yikes uh 2021 a student who smuggled copies of squid games into the
country from China was sentenced to death by firing squad
wow well that's one way to stop binging tv shows
really good one case I like that thanks that's a really good one you just did
thanks really good one thank you okay let's keep going I guess
amazon polls milani no
it looks like you're in California it's it's telling it's letting me know
it's doxing me maybe I can find a way there we go
this is part courtesy of the new york post amazon polls milania documentary from
oregon theater after marquie mox film amazon pulled the milania
documentary from an oregon movie theater after its marquie featured jokes
about the film including does milania wear prada find out friday
that's like mocking what oh here's here's a mock here's some real
mockery to defeat your enemy you must know
that milania starts friday I mean whatever gets people into the theater to
watch this thing what is the milania box office right now
um huh can I not find it milani grows seven million at the box
office making it the highest opening for a music
documentary and over a non music documentary in over a decade
claims indy wire I guess I guess you pay enough people to see it
seven million dollars at only a 14 million dollar loss
yeah according to indy wire guys well what's wrong with indy wire
it's not because the film isn't exquisitely made in formative documentary
instead it falls into the category of glossy advertisement amazon mjm studio
has paid 40 million for it but the documentary industry should be
worried about is what the box office success of milania means for
filmmakers is seven million a success for a wide release
film the top-dressing documentary in over a decade really highest
grossing documentaries of past decade
they should invest that into wolf uh preservation
I don't think this is true personally but uh
you know the facts don't care about my feelings
but I think if you're talking about the news you could have a couple facts
probably that's where you're wrong
oh my god fucking google sucks ass how am I supposed to know anything if I can't
look it up in two seconds uh giggle test thank you so much
for the uh tier one gifted sub to melody bond torture one of these days I
will fix that alert 75 million budget only seven
million made it's the highest grossing guys I don't even I'm trying to
figure out if 75 if seven million is even makes it the
highest grossing documentary of the past decade
but I'm having trouble finding a list of the 10 highest grossing documentaries in
u.s history it's also it was also the highest
opening um let's let's look at this list
obama's america it got 33 million on a 2.5 million
dollar budget I guess you could say that's a slightly better return but
you've got to spend a little money up front if you want to have the highest
opening jackass number two which you could say is a
documentary about men also doing various procedures to their body 72 million
Justin Bieber never say never but that's music and they said non music
73 million I actually do think there's a certain
musicality to Melania though that you just can't deny the way her voice
moves truly every time she says a sentence there's a
certain music to it when she's like I don't try
I hardly a one the presidency oh you're actually that's a pretty good Melania
from you uh jevree thing thank you I haven't been working on it
hi daughter champ I accidentally got caught in one of my dresses but you still
have a restraining order so you cannot save me please send several of your
boys with a couple of brooms
yeah pretty good ever has made 87 million but that was in like 1955 or
something and Fahrenheit 9 11 which was released in the year 9 11
bc made 119 million dollars needs to sound more
quote immigrant giggle trash I've been working on my
immigrant accent but so far it's hard because I have
eliminated a lot of my vocal cord uh-huh to really hone it down to only the
necessary parts so it's hard to do immigrant
accent yeah maybe don't do the immigrant accent
okay if you think it's a bad idea then I guess I'll take the note
um okay let's do a couple more oh you're calling the shots we're doing we're doing
a couple more I'm being assertive right now
what's this let's do three more oh something with china you like that
this is japan oh did I just do a racism by accident
not if you hadn't said it out loud
uh viral conjoined twins wow okay we got some we got a couple good ones here
we got a couple classics here everybody
um all right if I do their accent too it'll make it okay
yeah yeah yeah well everything don't do it don't do it chinese or japanese accent
please i'm trying to think of how I would do it please don't do it
mm-hmm when sony winna let jona hill to use a playstation in superbad
superbad released in 2007 starts jona hill you might remember
uh rogan originally planned to play till his role but then he's like I
I'm old I'm all too old it hills character
rogan told rotten tomatoes that sony found hills character so repreensible that a
scene in which he was supposed to play playstation 2 from the game had to be
rewritten oh because it was so raunchy that
playstation is like no yeah something like that I guess
shocking jokes on them people still make mclovin jokes to this day and they
could be making mclovin playing playstation 2
jokes but jona hill wasn't mclovin yeah
else minute made discontinuous frozen juice concentrate after 80 years
now I think I cut juice juice cut with water I want 100 juice
um there's a video don't worry there's a video there's a for more than 80 years
it's been a freezer aisle staple but now
now it's days are numbered the cola cola company says it is discontinuing
minute made frozen orange juice concentrate the company says it will
stop making frozen canned products in response to shifting consumer
preferences if you're feeling nostalgic you've got until
april to grab a few cans for old time sake
don't you remember when you could get a can of almost any liquid
penis injection liquid well essence
apple I don't quite remember at your every convenience store in LA you see
how to get that stuff and now nobody even cares
what's that that's yeah that's sad stuff to everything
I am not well I am but I can't show you that I'm sad
um scientists think of a way what did I do
oh what the hell I vanished into the mist for a moment there but I have returned
I'm of course chet the magic word was said and the necessary mind power is
needed to complete the power stone of knowledge yeah exactly
chetay you've got a nice haircut yeah pretty much got a brand new fucking
haircut looking a little bit slicker maybe even
younger than ever people are saying I simply mirror everything that you do
I am a well not even really a mirror I am a swirling pool of your thoughts
were gravitated onto man yeah but so many of my thoughts are like
can I grow hair on my skin if I cut the skin off could I will hair to still grow
on it yes you could so you do have those same
thoughts I have literally no thoughts I like I said
that's a thought that you have I think about what I could do like with the
power of my mind like could I make hair grow on
my piss because that was one part of my body I'm just hairy is my point so
like am I so masculine that I can make hair grow on any part of me
hair growing your piss yeah I don't I don't think you can do that
see that's why we don't have the same thoughts you and me because I'm pretty
sure I can what were we supposed to talk about
there isn't a story that is not related to making hair grow on my piss
it's called this skintis they found a way to boost your immune system
and slowed down aging looks like they finally discovered squats you know what I
mean squats really can they're miracle drug they'll
fucking change your whole body they will change everything about your life you
just fucking commit to doing squats even twice a week once a week
um I mean there could be with the articles about are you not reading it
I guess I I guess I could read well a fabled phone of youth may not actually
exist any type of therapy does and it's called green
squibble therapy we put a bunch of gross gobstoppers on your heart or some shit
and you're young is that the story the story is in front of you you can read it
you're not answering my question I don't think the thing you just said is the
story that's the straight talk I'm looking for
here's what you'll learn when you read this story thank god now I want to
read the story the immune system function declines with
egg but a team at MIT researchers may have found a way to rejuvenate it
when older mice and others injected with myrna
that coded for the creation of protein signaling pathways
involved in a moon response they experienced a drastic improvement
this treatment may not yet been tested it has not yet been tested
in humans but it could one day mitigate the effects of aging
although not eliminate them because you never want to fully eliminate the
accumulation of knowledge that your mind undergoes in the process
of becoming a more tall
uh uh immortality isn't really a concern for me yet
I never live but that also means I never die
what else we got any other um sky and adjacent stories
this guy's a skiantist right I've heard that this guy was uh
heard something brother about this guy I think he was a
um shoot sorry it's not loading now
it's not loading yet one second this guy was like a eugenius cyst or something
some type of eugenius that they discovered uh he was a eugenicist I believe
is that good or bad I think most people my sources indicate bad
he's not a do not a stand-up guy redditors have claimed they've looked oh it's
jevree epstein is that like jevree things dad or something
he's the pedophile guy my records indicate that he's the pedophile guy
which one of the guys is a look whatever reports claim passwords from
several of epstein's accounts were included in recent files released
how is this guy related oh hackers got into his personal email
several others online said they too were able to gain access to accounts with
information in the files his email still fucking available
but if the access was available for information the files released last week
pressure will be mounting on pan body dot okay whatever
another included is login information for porn sites get it while you still
can guys because as soon as enough people log in from
enough locations they nuke that account from orbit dude I can't
confirm a g vacation at gmail was the most
commonly used email address by epstein in which he was revealed to have emailed
numerous high-profile people I haven't heard about this this sounds boring
Ferguson told email told epstein no woman has ever left the royal family with her
head in another correspondence what's the
sciontific aspect of this look I'm sorry this just doesn't sound
like a hard enough scion sees an article for me to care about
it's related to the ongoing releases of information regarding the pedophile
ring that controls really all global finance and the majority of the
international decisions I think your mail function that sounds crazy that sounds
stupid uh draco melphoy we'll end on this well
the will end on this piece of science news draco melphoy has become the
unlikely lunar new year mascot in china and this does kind of skyance because
years are actually one of the earliest inventions of skyance
before that everybody actually thought that um
basically you had to measure the passage of time by
I believe like you'd poop in the same you'd poop in the same hole
and when the pole when you try to dig the hole to roughly the same depth
when the hole filled up you'd say I have about
six more days to live that was how that was how ancient man measured time
but since then things have evolved and we had a gregarious calendar
and then little seizures made a pizza that could cut that could tell the time
and now we have iPhones and that's just the way skyance works
it's crazy anyway that's it that's all we got for today
well there's more segments and stuff really they're gonna they're gonna try to
follow this okay good luck I guess apparently I'm sending it down to um
some guy that's gonna tell you how to do stuff or something
uh that sounds stupid to me that sounds dumb as shit but I guess
I guess people are gonna watch this anyway here's that next thing
I did good I'm trying not to talk
hey everybody it's me original beloved Jeb the normal original one that you're
all happy to see every time I come up
we actually were already doing therapy but base goes to work through his
procrastination of sub goals boy should he I wonder what the therapy
request was yesterday because you might be getting a two for one
therapy right after this immediately following this the wonder that is male
therapy one of the rarest occurrences on this planet a man
going to therapy for real real therapy dp therapy
sounds effective to me that just sounds effective
seeing if uh Tristan pizza pisa hut has to also go to therapy
that'll be fun to see how that goes
uh I'm trying to fake being Jeb I'm a fake-ass Jeb Walker would a fake Jeb
have read that comment card came wouldn't I be afraid of being exposed
just like my dad's been exposed as a bad dad in the wood
I never claimed to be a good father and he did when I was growing up
just because you raised me and you paid for my college and you fed me for years
and you never were abusive you think that makes you a good dad
son's okay it's the subtleties that make a great dad
so for instance subtly accepting that you're dead and you're in the wood
I accept nothing I'm I could be in
a wood like substance you're denying that you're even in the wood now I could be
an imitation wood or one of those stickers that you put on a
countertop to make it look like a thing that it's not
I can tell I'm in the wood I can feel the wood in my very essence
and they've been I can't deny it good at least we can agree on something daddy
I mean that's my daddy's daddy's daddy's in the wood I almost called you
either way either way you son of a bitch whoa take it easy boy you don't call me
boy I call you dead dad it's sad that we're fighting like this
it's only said because jet wouldn't want us to
it's true jet would immediately conflict resolve this situation
probably effortlessly we'd all be laughing within minutes but he's not
here now why was jeffrey eppstein's x what was jeffrey x
eppstein's xbox gamer tag your options are
epstey thirsty fiona nova poppyto case blackwell 69
and of course don lord 69 but it looks like fiona nova is off to a
surprising early lead frankly I could see it I could see it
the winner was fiona nova so I'd say investigate it but they're not going
to investigate any of it so fiona you're safe you're safe because no help is coming
for any of us especially you daddy I know it will help myself you bastard
oh he didn't have anything else to say okay what else so what we do here is
actually we we learn how to do things I've been getting distracted by my
misbehaving woodfather but let's get down the brass
tax let's see how some stuff is done okay I'm excited to learn
now you may be wondering how on earth do you open the boot is it one of these are
these handles no no underneath there no what you've got to do is put your finger
in the a-hole feels a little specific
John michael says fiona's too gay to be on the list
is the list anti-gay uh I think it's kind of anti everything
you know about the Epstein list yeah the swirling cosmic realm of spirits
which I'm not really part of I'm part of the wood oh anyway even we heard about the
Epstein files it's a bummer right
your shadow self is the unconscious or disowned part of you that remains in
the dark because you don't want to confront or see it and although the shadow
seems pretty hidden it can actually wreak havoc in your life
because it can show up when you least expect it have you ever encountered
someone who's sweet and gentle in one moment and then suddenly they turn into
a crazy person right before your eyes this happens because their shadow is big
and it takes over when the person is triggered but if the shadow self is
hidden how do you spot it in yourself before it causes harm you pay attention
to your emotional triggers because your shadow self is very emotional for
example let's say an aspect of your shadow is a feeling of
unworthiness but you don't really acknowledge it and you go around
thinking that you really love yourself then one day you get into a
relationship and every time your partner talks to an attractive person you
explode with jealousy if you catch the jealous feeling in time before you act
on it you'll clearly see that the jealousy is coming from the shadow
part of you that feels unworthy and is afraid of everyone leaving you
yeah but what if you just know all that stuff already like you know you're
unworthy and everyone left you like what if it just happened
like you just know you suck and yeah you're like I know
I know I mean I'll fight against it and I'll to other people I'll claim it's not
true just to just to not give up entirely but you know
you know you're just fucking trash I think that might just be
depression but what if it's just actual fact oh
uh boy I miss jet yeah that's how I feel too
ah you know son maybe there's worse things than being dead and in the wood
you know there really are daddy did I kill jet too
I wish you'd see me coming from a mile away
assassins just don't work on him I'm not even worried about his safety for even
a second yeah me either I guess did you try to kill jet
because that's honestly laughable no no no I'm just saying
and you know everybody's thought about it isn't it's like trying to scale Everest
like could I even sum at the top but I are but it'd be like me trying to
scale Everest but I don't even have legs you know
people have probably done that son and we'd be proud of them if they did
that is the sort of thing jet would do wouldn't he I think jet actually helped
the guy without legs up Everest though really the guy basically did it
himself just with encouragement from jet okay
what else three steps to laugh evilly I could use this I think the evil laugh
doesn't resonate from vocal technique as much as it does from emotional state
so let's try to find this laugh step by step
with our emotions okay step one take yourself into an imaginary situation
where you feel pained by someone or a group of people or whatever cost you
okay let me imagine a situation it's Friday night and even though you have your own
washer dryer a clothes washer at home you have a washing machine
you go to a laundromat just in the hopes of running into anybody maybe you'll
meet another lonely person there but when you get to the laundromat
you realize it's been closed actually for six years and it's just one of those
bobbed out looking completely empty storefronts now and you looked on the
street look to left right really everything's that way
you're like there really are no shared common spaces anymore okay i'm in the
headspace pain start to emotionally feel how
much it hurts you how angry it makes you feel that those
people could get away with treating you that way
uh geez how come there's other people at bars
and they didn't even care that I had to go to this laundromat tonight nobody
was there they're at bars with their friends
but they would like to be seen as you would like to go to the bottom of my
well okay let that anger fester inside
for a moment step two start to envision
all of the vengeful things you are going to do to that person or people
okay this spell book I stare into the inky blackness of the well
is safe to punish them as this fits well god
punish the rest as fit okay how would you execute this plan
think it over in your head imagine how sweet that revenge tastes
and slowly let it bubble out of you like boiling water tipping over a pan on the
stove yeah starting with small chuckles
okay
keep it small until you feel like you absolutely cannot hold it in anymore
and step three once you reach that imaginary boiling point
once you've convinced yourself that the revenge will be so sweet
and that those people will suffer in the most horrible way possible forever
crossing you were doing the things to you allow that continuous chuckle to
explode into pure ecstasy
sorry almost let me self yeah it was like i'll ever get a little carried away
there sounds like this i'm glad that i can't
really see in a conventional sense
that was more of a joyful laugh i don't think i did it quite right
but let's let him finish his thought try to
this was okay um when can cat cam come back and can we get an update that's a
fun idea that's a fun idea
sorry sorry that is a fun idea though
um no hey that's actually three we got a lot of segments to get to today and um
i'm still having trouble letting go of some of that anger about that totally
imaginary thing i thought about with a laundromat so
i think we should call it there fine by me son i bet it is
okay uh we actually have some therapy to get to
not me not me actually um somebody else somebody else has to do that
and we'll start with case i guess or something well he can figure it out
it's time for therapy i really forget what this office looks like
every time until i'm in it uh guys we're back in the therapy
office we're lucky enough to be joined by
uh dr chath who is of course here and ready to offer some therapy
um it looks like i also have to figure out where
tristan has gone to at some point but there were two were two requests for
therapy i need to work through my procrastination of
sub goals apparently no i there's a reason i got
rid of the bar until i could figure out how to make them happen i
i kind of already worked through it is what i'm getting at if you think about it
i started out away and i'm already working through it
not that i'm being avoidant not that i would ever be avoidant of anything
ever uh anyway dr chath thank you for being here i
guess yeah it's not dr chaff
oh wow he looks good you look great as always dr chath
epic edgelord master gamer incredible incredible handle and thank you for the
follow anyway you can type exclamation point
heal to send us a message of healing um me and dr chath
you don't you can use them or not i mean mostly i'm just here for your expertise
when are piss cakes on the menu um
like for me personally i i guess i prefer never i don't really want to eat
piss cakes how do you rate my lube recipe it's one teaspoon cornstarch
and one quarter cup of water put in a saucepan on a low medium heat
stir let it boil for about 30 seconds stirring the whole time
um that sounds good i mean i'm not an expert i'm guessing that was probably
for somebody else because i'm streaming today
was the sign of the apocalypse the end is near
lube yourself one last time he did stream a while ago i don't think he streams
sense actually what would you recommend for a sex robot
you know dr chath i gotta say all this lube talk not that i think you're
coming on to me i respect you too much professionally but it just doesn't
feel entirely appropriate have you ever beat glue cook
in a cooking contest did you have the notes from last time we did this up
because that feels like a lube chef question
you know i'm just will wwe censor fuck ice
chance on smackdown or will triple h suppress them
to appease his father-in-law and orange overlord my guess is wwe would a
hundred percent censor those i don't really know how easy it is for them to
censor things live like i think they can cut certain
mics and then pipe in other noises but i feel like a lot of stuff still bleeds
through so if they do censor them then i think it will lead to even more
awareness that those chants are going on so i say go for it triple h i'd
prefer the looney tunes fangirl was here to chat with me
that does sound better i can see why you would prefer that but it is a little
hurtful given that i'm your patient can you see the stains in my beard
oh my you have stains in there
is it supposed to be one color it's a little red did you dye it red is it
stained red why is fake jeb like this what did he do
with the real jeb i'm scared uh look i employ a lot of people on this
station and i can't be held legally responsible for the actions of the
people i employ in the segments that i allow them to do on my own stream
then that's my interest in upset that there's a new gamer on the stream
um he probably is i could i guess we can go try to get
tristan i guess we'll switch to tristan mode i have to go get him though so um
let me play this hold music really quick while we
look for him i'm a different guy entirely
haha turn this shit off dude i'm busy today
i actually have my own rap group with chat hanks
we kind of did it before he dropped that white girl summer thing a couple years
ago honestly he fell off since then so
i kind of got in there when he was prime if you ask me what are we talking
about what are we fucking doing i've not been here in a minute
this is the new style for hats by the way people are people are very into this
style of hat right now we're the uh strap to the side no big
deal what's up what's your deal murder mystery stream when
fuck you man what i just got here don't make demands of me
procrastination's okay as long as you can handle the all-nighter
to get everything done that's so true do you think procrastination
is a normal part of life you know i think for you like your average guy it is but
i don't really think of procrastination as procrastination i think if it's sort
of as your priorities taking um they're like your priorities being more
priority than the priorities of the universe
because i like to think of life is like the universe wants you to do what the
universe wants but inside you there's your own universe
i actually wrote a book about this um but you can't which was a new york times
bestseller how does that make you feel proud of myself
i'm proud you me fulsome street fair not a question
we're going oh like the fisting fair my dad used to take me to that
um i don't know why he was taking me when i was
a kid to that my dad's really successful though so
another cooking stream would be fun what are you cooking
bring back gold suit um i mean i have a suit made of pure gold it is hard to
move in gold is a flexible metal so like you can get it
you can get it going but it's pretty thick gold you need a lot of upper body
strength to wear it which i have but um i'm training for
to catholon right now so i don't have to do one obviously to judge one i just
like if i'm going to judge something it's a catholon where you judge it instead of
the best time wins the best overall performance wins and i'll be one of the
judges are we actually getting paid six million
dollars for it by um israel will case ever do his
workout stream i don't know sounds like he's a guy who does he does not
follow the tristan approved method of challenging the universe every day and
exerting your will over it how do you feel about bugs bunny
performing at the superb owl this weekend the superb owl that's the thing
that you without all the rich people do instead of the super bowl
we go and we worship at the foot of the superb owl you've heard about that
are you fucking rich too i didn't know bugs would be there
actual bugs money the guy who had all that surgery to look like bugs money
because if he's there then it's going to be a lot more fun this year are you
afraid of attaining all your goals and being bereft of goals
no there's no i mean it's not like i've had everything i want all my life and i
feel totally empty inside is cum and mountain dew considered a breakfast drink
that's a really good question cum is definitely a breakfast drink
um at least that's what i wrote in my book
cum drink i wrote a book called cum drink um
is one of the many books i've released in my self-help line and it is about all
the various abuses of cum as a drink the biggest one is as a drink
but then there are 300 other pages i didn't i'll admit i didn't entirely
write all of that one i i i i worked with a writer on that one so it's not
saw some of my favorite work i'm watching some bugs bunny
on tcm join me shall you no i i actually believe that tick tock is a
higher evolution of media consumption and that movies are actually best watched
narrated by that voice that talks about like
the tall man had accidentally eaten a dog i actually think that's the highest
form of cinema plop plop squirt plop how did that make you
feel kind of made me feel like i shit my pants
but i know i didn't i'm not incontinent your haircut looks sexy a have
actually my brand is this hat dude i'm legally uh required by
um my own lawyers i set up a trust against myself that if i take this hat off
um that i will lose 30 percent of my inheritance
in order to challenge myself to commit to my own branding which is this hat
you make anything work if you challenge the universe hard enough
read my book again not the maybe don't read come drink again that's not my
favorite book that i've written anytime you do something bad
just remember it wasn't you it was your shadow so go on it's okay do more bad
things that's a really good point man i have not
thought of it that way but that is actually what you're making right now
that feels very deep and true because a lot of times sometimes i
sometimes i do actually first like a few moments i'll feel bad and i'm like
why am i even doing this because like who is it even helping if you think about it
for me to feel bad and then usually i end up i don't really
feel better but then i do do more stuff and that's and i think what you said
actually sums that up very well um my eyes are up here case oh sorry the
cameras are confusing i have been staring directly at your
sweaty fucking nipples this whole time that is though like why are those
nipples of yours so sweaty because i'm curious i'd like to get a good
sweat going on my own nipples because i think it's good for your um
for your chest uh it's like good for your chest growth to actually sweat directly
out of your nipples you need to help your employees
out there is no reason trip should live in a bush
well that's a case problem and and you know the policy on my own employees
is employment is really just another word for
um if you think about it all of us are sort of working towards the same goal
of excellence and whether that excellence is achieved by one person at the head
of an organization and only them exclusively and all the profits go to
them or if it's shared by team the at the end of the day it's really
still excellence if you think about it and i think all of us can celebrate that
together instead of lamenting the lack of shared spaces
you should make new ones every week challenge yourself to break into at
least two houses whoa it's important to get out of
your comfort zone that's a really good one if you want to change
yeah i totally agree with that because while i do believe the most
sacrosanct law that defines all of mankind is property rights
i do think those property rights do need to be defended against the guys that i
hired to break into other people's homes and i did try to pitch that show to
mtv um in 2003 and they weren't quite ready for
forcible cribs but i think now actually might be the cultural moment
where forcible cribs could come back they also thought that it was not too
much like i was doing something fucked up to babies but really it was just about
breaking into people's houses and you don't even interview them you just run
around the house filming them saying show me where your
shit is um anyway great idea is my it's my idea though
it's been so long casable goblin i'm part of the piece of hut family yeah
i mean i'm not afraid to admit that it's not an epitism thing my success by
the way i had to work for everything that i have but i do love my family
obviously epitome was a great sherpa on the
mountain the other day why were the other climbers being such
haters that's a great point i did hire the case's producer dog to
lead me on one of my many globe astriding adventures up a mountain
and he did do a good job but everyone did die except me so that's probably why
they were upset but that's that's why you sign up for adventure
because you know you might die i mean obviously i never will but they did
heal this ass face i can't if you think about that about your own face
because i know you're not talking about mine there's nothing i can do about
that actually man am i right i know exactly what you mean
will you follow in your daddy's footsteps and run for mayor of renerton
how will you deal with the zombies is actually my grandfather i believe that
was mayor of that particular town and that is one of the darker chapters in
our family history in the sense that it's a little bit of a low rent place to
be like taking your claim you know what i mean but i guess he was just having
fun if you think about it at the end of the day why is your procrastination
also masturbation well probably because i'm jerking off so much
but that is actually an exercise it's really better for your body than yoga
um and that is when one of my boy that is in drink com that's one of the other
chapters in there is masturbation is better for you than yoga and i did get
sued for that but actually i think a lawsuit is sort of proof positive
that you were on to something because otherwise why would someone care
enough to make it a little you ever have a regular schedule
no can you inject tough daddy in your penis to be a better snow border
yes is your sister a single either way can i sniff her hair
well that's an instant question because legally my family has no women in it
um we found a certain municipality in maraca where it is legal to claim that
there are no women in your family and to excise them from all legal rights
and we did do that so from a legal standpoint i have no sister and you
cannot smell what does not exist wow case hates tc
m and bugs bunny i will explode one
who which one i don't know what case has against bug bunny and tcm but
does he mean the drug tcm or what is there some other way to take that
his tcm is supposed to be a rich guy drug that only we know about and i'd
prefer if you didn't spread that around is that a lady's beach hat
or do you just need for Jurassic park actually a tristan cap
and it is and i don't i'd prefer you to pretend not to know that this is my
brand because i've where did you get that hat i got it
literally when i was 12 and i said i will never take it off and i haven't
and when i die i am donating the top of my
scalp to science actually now not to that i'm thinking i'm donating it to
um i think i'm donating it to
to the remaining roth child family but they're gonna study it all the same
anyway what's going on up on the top of my head is is anyone's guess
come my lady come come my lady drink some mountain dew sugar baby
i'll fucking love remixes and that was a good one in my shadow
my shadow change is coming now is my time oh if you're going shadow mode i
should get out of here because really if two elphas go shadow at the same time
um then honestly it's more dangerous than a nuclear bomb going off
do do oh i can see that shadow coming out for sure you have
shadow the hedgehog in your heart do you think you need an exorcism
that's probably what my that's what my teachers would have said in high school
because i was so high achieving that they couldn't keep up with me buzz
spot 9 11 wasn't your fault flew up i appreciate you
saying that because they have my family has been blamed quite a bit for 9 11
just because we were like we did technically profit from 9 11 we're
one of the few 9 11 profiteers but i don't think a business opportunity
um is really everything ever anything to be ashamed of
toxic nipples that's a really good nap this is a really good
um you know i'm not going to tell you but it is a good idea but i'm not going
to tell you what field because uh it's important actually in this
particular political in this particular economy that you're an early actor
and i will be you should get leon back ahead of the resident evil
requiem release i don't know if i he mostly guards
presidents and um i don't know if i feel like being one
breakthrough thank you i do feel like i'd fucking nailed this
therapy is just another challenge that the universe puts in your way that you
have to destroy you can never get off your grind set
you can never stop thirsting for everything that life has to offer
and you can read more of this in my book a drink come to
i did write two of those the second one is better than the first though
so just make sure you don't buy the first one the way you'll know it's drink come
to is that it's squared it's going to be called drink come
squared but then there was some confusion and if you look at not search for it
on amazon i'll say drink come to but on the cover it'll say drink come
squared so just keep that in mind anyway i'm told
that i'm now sending it to something else and i am extremely busy so it's a
good idea that i got out of here immediately but i guess you guys are
going to go to the uh they're going inside an iphone or something i don't
even i don't know what i'm supposed to say
oh good it's jan to me jan
hi hi jan thanks for doing this i guess nobody was
available that's the only reason you'd ask me to do this we've
specifically asked me you try to touch my hand stop
put your hand on i just pointed back i said at the same time as you i i'm not
sure why you were pointing at me well why would you point at me
i was just gonna say you asked that i don't use you for anything so i i tried
not to but then sometimes nobody's around i love i
i love icrades they love icrades what a unique spelling of ic
um i can't be trusted around women do you think because you got
the cool boy haircut from 2015 suddenly we're all impressed
yes mm-hmm what are we doing what's what's your algo looking like
seriously what are we supposed to do uh we're gonna watch some videos that
have been shared at the amongst the web thread in the cream dot team bin
section of the discord i feel like there's a better way to
say that there probably was that's a fair note jan and i'll take it
okay this is coming in hot from card king let's see what they've got for us
just her been she liked to pop because she was living love eat a loco she had
drums like a truck truck truck truck dies like what what what baby move your butt
butt butt i think i'll sing it again she had
drums like a truck truck truck what what it's pretty good
this is a pretty good one why would you with it what
i just don't get the premise or the i kind of like the execution but i don't
get the premise you're old oh i think it's because i'm old
and you're old oh i kind of hate it i just
am confused yeah that sounds right it was his mom's
i get that but if it's a budget funeral why is
are they singing that song doesn't feel that low budget it feels like
everybody's really putting a lot of effort that's an infine yeah
it's pretty good it's a six seven me i don't think it was a young thing i think
i just think it doesn't entirely make conceptual shut up
okay that's fair shut the fuck shut up i am technically your boss are you
isn't papito my boss technically papito is your boss
he said that i should be mean to you and i said i already am
oh okay here's more stuff here's another video
it's it that's what this is i yeah i get it
risen cranks
look at this see i didn't get that one that's like an old guy thing
what's not to get there i don't get it it doesn't make sense to me
do you hear about this the viral conjoined twins who gain more than 280
thousand followers on instagram did you hear that it's not real
what i told you it is real sorry we're we're not covering that stuff right now
oh i thought this was a news thing but when i bring a story it's no good
no it's just this is not the segment where we talk about
whatever that is well what do you think do you think it's real face
or is it too good to be true i'm if i had to guess the
sexy busty viral conjoined twins are probably not
real can you be wrong because reality is what you make of a case
anyway that was from john michael and that was an 8.2 he is it he's hating women
all the time he's the kind of guy who'd probably
think you can play a woman just because you slapped a woman's face on your face
i apologize to you jan and to every
that good enough okay let's go for some more classic stuff this is uh this is bug's
bunny who i don't hate for the record or turn our classic movies
fuck you get off talking to people about me behind my back going over my head
what people would you think i wasn't gonna find out i don't even know what
you're talking about nick no you said i'm bringing heat on you
i gotta listen to people because of your fucking shit you're ordering me out
you better get your own fucking army pal i didn't do anything i mean i didn't order
you or anybody i only told andy stone that you had a lot of heat on you and that
was a problem you want me to get out of my own fucking town
yeah i said let the bullshit blow over for a while so i can run the casino
anything goes wrong with the casino it's my ass it's not yours it's my ass i
don't know whether you notice or not but you only have your fucking casino
because i made that possible i'm with counts out here
let your fucking country clubs or your fucking tv shows
and what the fuck are you doing on tv anyhow you know i get calls from back
home every fucking day they think you went bad
shit your fucking warren don't ever go over my
fucking head again you motherfucker you
wait a fuck did you like that one because it was angry men
it was um but it was angry men over a different thing
that do it is that doing for you is that i can't tell
because i mean you like it i've been told that younger people stare at you know
i wouldn't know because i'm old is that what you're doing i guess
objectively what you're doing is staring at me but is that trying to
communicate something what's the next video i what just happened what are you
what are you feeling don't ask me that rude
okay here's here's another here's the older
generation doling out some wisdom
being a male is it easy you turn 12 years old
and now you're competing with ceo's bankers and politicians
for girls your age do you like that one
that was me going
should we just watch it one more time because we skipped the end by accident
being a male is it easy you turn 12 years old
and now you're competing with ceo's bankers and politicians
for girls your age actually without ending i do think it's good
oh now you like it without ending added i think it's good
that was from live in sleazy wow
gonna be jen in 80 years respect to a real one that's how you age with grace
pace look it up technically we did just we looked it up and we
watched it yeah but look it up more and look
into it i will tell you with more grace uh
here's another live in sleazy well not original something that they're sharing
oh my god kiss that marco oh carly come on
oh oh oh sweet jesus oh carly
hey that's enough who had some emotion i need some lotion under aisle
one i'm gonna make sure we give this plexiglass to the cdc
thank you honey you're ready for it i don't know if i can beat that
yes you can't do it here we go
all right are you ready i guess so okay here you go your sexy plexi chance
right now
oh is that what you wanted to watch um i didn't share that that was live in sleazy
you brought me on and then you put that video on and you think that's
you think that's good i didn't i don't have any opinion on most of the videos this
is a communal rating system and people are saying they didn't like it
i did i didn't mean to wow okay i'm impressed now chat
you've done it called your shot from orbit put your hand on
all right my bad that's that put your hand down okay my bad
i i don't know what i i wish i had a more dramatic graphic to give you guys
to communicate how impressed i am but
this is the only this is the only good job graphic i have
ended on that yeah maybe we do end it on that really you don't want to watch more
videos just because i am the intern no i you also
said you hate when i'm give you extra work i'm sorry for even
making you do this interesting which is it do you want to do
the segment or do you not because we could do more of the segment
yes i don't oh so you do i just said i don't
oh okay well then i'm gonna send it to the next segment
really yes we're gonna send it to cryptosu's gaming to
to end the stream for the day because it'll probably take a minute to get it
all set up tomorrow we will do the encircle thing
i'll take a look and try to adjust some knobs before we
dive headlong into um one jeremy renner verse
pretty snow plows interesting yeah that's funny to you
no me and he was seriously hurt by that snow plow are you a jeremy renner
fan no he's fucked up but we could do better than that
case can't we awful what he did to that director
awful what you're doing to him what am i doing to him
subjecting him to his trauma but that's how you want to live your life
for this i can't read that i do also but i do also believe all plus
okay well let's uh i'm not sure what they're doing down there
don't ignore them ignore the bears with guns there's bears with guns you brought
me into a situation with bears with guns you didn't tell me about it till now
i'm jeremy renner with less money what does that mean it doesn't mean anything
good and i agree but what does it mean that's
specifically it does not mean anything good
yeah there's a buzzer now we need to make runner models that's a good question
jen take five we need a double check of jeremy renners around
oh you're just kicking me out for him um i don't think oh wait i know who i know
who is around though i know who we can get on short notice
yeah don't worry we'll figure something out tomorrow okay
i was worried really i've got there fighting each other
i think the bears lost they did get blown up
uh we had made characters for town hall are they all the same parameters for
encircled care oh we could we could do encircled that way too
we could turn encircled into more of a town hall thing
it is certainly a it's a bit of a cumbersome segment right now but i
think i could probably fix it in a number of ways
um anyway for now we'll send it to cryptozuse and we'll
attempt to fix the problem of bad guy who's bad at operating basic
emulator technology we'll try to fix that one problem at a time
anyway it's that time again guys it's cryptozuse gaming
yeah
i'm crazy yeah me and my posse when it's time to get everybody to
hey everybody oh hey great don't make me get out of
great we're all live now we're live everybody we're live now
in the scores in the market hey hey we're busy today we got a lot of
shit to get through so let's all focus up today we're gonna play
seriously like an army of spartans they're plotting they were busy and we're
gonna try to play seriously they bark and they wait for the moment to take
what was hidden in cryptozuse you already know that
what's your deal race silver
this is your question what's your deal
yeah okay
um i gotta set my own fucking bios apparently
apparently i have to set up my own fucking bios because even though i'm working
with this production guy now or whatever he didn't do it interesting
does anyone know their deal is it's a good question i know mine but i don't have to
tell you this is america actually this is still america actually i don't have to
tell you what my deal is
mom what yep mommy what
mommy what mommy mommy what
oh is my mommy okay i hope she shuts the fuck up but is she okay
mommy oh no one second guys mommy hold on if anybody's trying to wake my mom up
can you just hold for a minute can we hold for a minute on trying to wake my mom up
my mommy is struggling my mommy's having a dark i can tell because she's
being quiet and and that's good i want her to shut the fuck up but she's
having some trouble right now don't worry i'll fix it
i have a button i can press um it sends my room but i would sort of
hit her in the legs a lot sort of bounces against her um like bounces against her
shoes until she wakes up okay let's see is this
fucking working god damn it i'm gonna be so pissed if i have to
fucking go deal with my mom's bullshit again
mommy huh okay wait a minute i gotta turn everything off
for a second the comms are off when my mom is asleep
she's asleep what's the problem right now
um sorry everybody i'm actually not sorry i'm fucking busy
um just give me a second hello hello this is a test message
that's not good one second this is a test message
mommy what the fuck what are those fucking doing back there this is a test
message okay one second mommy can you stop saying
test message it's unsettling what's going on in my room
this is no good guys this is no good something's wrong with my room and my
mom okay i'm gonna figure this out everyone
put my mom in the wall that sounds dangerous
um okay how can i test this one second i guess i could just let my mom sleep
for the day which i actually it's just i the thing is obviously i want her to
shut the fuck up but if she oversleeps then um her heart will sink
too deep into her back and then she'll get back heart condition which the
doctors have told us i do need to look out for it and i really don't feel
like having to take another call from the doctor today let's see
hello test test test we're doing all the tests right now just a second
hello web socket okay we got to reload everything i just a second
we're trying this again don't say that about my would
what i don't even lady cedrics i don't even understand
i don't even really understand like that feels like you're insulting me but i
don't i can't even explain how and that makes me
concerned okay all sorts of stuff has been initialized
i'm gonna fix this without having to get up
fuck it's not working fuck for some reason
i'll show you guys what's up some reason i keep getting this message
that my mom hasn't been found and that her web socket is off
what happened to her web socket i wonder because that is not a condition i've
even heard of and she's already got enough conditions
but now she's got a web socket condition like fuck
fuck mom's deserve breaks too if she takes a break her heart will sink
through the floor it'll sink out of her back and through the floor and then
i'll have to clean it up fucking frustrating guys
it's fucking frustrating honestly sounds like a camryl thing
maybe we'll do this tomorrow maybe today's just not my day
maybe tomorrow we play the games maybe i take like just a quick
28-hour nap because i'm like fucking tired i barely slept last night i slept
like 13 hours last night and honestly i'm
fucking burnt out so maybe just take like a quick
28-hour nap we come back tomorrow charge up on mountain dew
that does sound good that does sound good though
fuck fuck guys shit this is bullshit the thing about when stuff doesn't go
your way is it's fucking not fair it's bullshit it's never fair
especially when you're like what's even what why not
that's what whatever stuff doesn't like work i'm like
why not and it's bullshit when that doesn't like fix it immediately
set up the turbo graph x i guess we could just play a game
i guess technically like i did expect except like
a couple hundred thousand dollars to play a game today so i guess i could do that
and i guess i could ignore my mom being passed out on the floor
so i guess i'll just do that
i mean i guess when i say it out loud that does sound like the right thing to do
when a slimjib knocks you off the horse you chug a bang and get back on that
steed let's just i'm curious about one other
thing what if we um
what if we make one more adjustment what if we try something a little bit
different for the day
by that i mean something very similar to what we were already gonna do
does this one work is any other shit working
son my heart is sinking deeper in my back
oh good that one works but this one doesn't that's so confusing
okay well anyway i can i can have it all work today it turns out
i think my mom just got into the helium again
so she might sound slightly different hello zoop um
okay okay okay great great great we'll figure out what's going on there
later the hell oh there it is
um what about this one does this one work well we'll find out together
okay anyway my mom is probably fine i'm awake
oh she's fine i don't know i guess she's okay it turns out
oh hey everybody it's um it's the new person that
it's supposed to come and make me do exercises oh she doesn't want to show up
i swear to god there's a girl here actually you guys probably saw my long
um post about how i'm officially allowing women into my house
and there's a girl now here i swear to god hey girl that's really in my house
can you say something loud so that they can hear you
interesting that's interesting but mom just stop repeating that again and
again that's not cool
mom i don't even care what you have to say because you sound ridiculous right now
i have to set up a turbo graphics thing so
my heart is sinking deeper in my back good for you mom you keep going on about it
i got it the first time my heart is sinking deeper in my back
that's not if you keep then call someone about it like i'm literally busy my
heart is sinking deeper in my back why do you keep saying this i get it i
freaking got it mom
jesus okay um
oh great
okay
mom i you've told me this so many times
yes
great okay look i have to set this up i have to set up a
my heart is sinking deeper in my back i understand
and what's your piss they're all piss wake of your piss again
well they're all piss every single one of them is piss mom
i've told you this so many times they're all piss
so don't drink them every single my heart is sinking deeper in my back
oh great do you want a metal on your back to keep it from doing that
my heart is sinking deeper in my back oh i'm gonna kill i'm gonna kill
and i said i'd stop okay my heart is sinking deeper in my back
god i get it all right what the fuck do i do here
i was watching this video online this girl fiamma nova was saying that germy
redder never had a nephew was that cd or was it
snake brick lizard not right now try to kill his imaginary nephew
probably brick you if you don't have anything to say then just
then don't say anything at all which is what you're doing my heart is sinking
deeper in my back this is the fucking worst
snake your mouth didn't even move your mouth did not move
do you feel good about what you're doing right now snake
and by that i mean brick lizard what am i supposed to take from this
from this explanation of what to do
to load pc engine cd content needs a q sheet that points to an image file a
cute okay if i have an eg foo dot bin i should
create a text file and save as foo dot q you're playing a single track
Saturn game the q file content should look like this
oh load the n-e-c core
it's like an armored core but for my computer that's a
rhetorical question i know actually that it's not
i found a bag of fermenting socks is it a biohazard
or yes i'm fermenting those
the lawnmower it has more data vibes than your subscriber
cap put a shirt on the neighbors think i'm starving you
put a shirt on i'm wearing a bunch of layers i'm just very thin
okay go hit it so hard i now sound like barc Simpson
yeah mom you do sound fucked up this is i sound on your heart sinking through your
chest so you do need to roll over onto your stomach i know it hurts but you
need to do that right now okay i'm downloading this i'm
downloading it i'm doing it everybody back off i'm loading the core
i'm gonna access the core or whatever i'm gonna assume that's how it works
mom
mom seriously okay in retro arc
n-e-c-p-c engine c-d what um
my heart is sinking deeper in my back oh my god
what brick lizard somebody also just asked for one of my sick opinions does a
produce stuff like my heart is sinking deeper in my back
yours is too
move your mouth when you talk how come you don't do that anymore it's a fucking way
man okay does a produce stuff like before
the stream no you do it on the stream everything is content now
people want to be get get pulled into your world and they want to see you do
stuff like not know how to do anything for like
a while what son my heart is sinking deeper in my back
dot dot dot dot wait what does that mean a nice
to coming to a fox die side effect yes you are you that's how it goes man
fuck all right sorry obviously he's trying to explain to me what to do
that doc tells you where to place the bios in the game file that is all you
need to glean from it this is fucking hopeless
look this is what we're gonna do today i'll figure this out for next time
i'm gonna play a better game today okay everybody's on my case
break over this is what real gamers do
look you might think it's not that hard it's fucking impossible okay i can't
figure out what you guys want from me everybody's yelling at me all the
time i've literally done nothing
and this game is honestly better this is one of the
fuck deeper in my back fuck this game is bullshit that was impossible
what mom i'm doing something i'm trying to focus
mom it's piss the toilet's broken you know this it's pissing
me shit mom you distracted me you're killing the snakes
guys i'm gonna get the snake to fill the whole screen okay
i'm gonna be the first guy ever to have the whole snake the snake fill the whole
screen because i have been i'm one of the best in the
world at this game fuck i'm usually good
yeah might be your new dad your mom is really something
yeah she what what wait what no i get in line dude
get in line everybody wants to be my daddy
you're supposed to provide cia intelligence to me so that i know the
talking points for my stream prick lizard okay can you just do your job
that was close this is basically the same game that was requested for me to play
so everybody calm down
i will play any flash game that doesn't require me to install bios
i've seen things you people wouldn't believe
it's on fire off shoulder of a ryan i watched cb
litter in the dark near the tan house the gate all those moments will be lost
in time like bears in range time to die
rick you're being too dramatic dude i'm sorry that i yelled at you i just i'm
under a lot of pressure right now rick you fucking distracted me okay
you're literally supposed to be helping me become a more elite athlete
with your cia training
he's being
no that's more piss
it is mine mine is if it's not poisonous then how come the government keeps
asking to buy it so that they can bottle it as a weapon
uh there's a bunch of lag it's fucking lagging
that's the problem with google snake is that there's a ton of frame input lag
what brick lizard what i'm playing the game snake brick lizard
i tell you something punk cigarette kill people dot dot dot but man we look cool
if i try to put any kind of thin stick into my mouth i suck it directly into my
lung i actually medically i'm incapable of smoking um
cigarettes that are not like the size of a big burrito
so i just don't it's too inconvenient but i do agree that they look cool
okay i'm getting i'm fucking getting in the zone now
brick i'm in the zone right now i'm literally in the zone right
also have you played the game how many dudes it's three
does it require any sort of installation that a baby could do because if so i'm out
i don't know what you got this is one of the most popular games ever i don't know
why people are like play something else
oh that was a fucking sick man i know why everyone's always like stop playing
the game snake you're supposed to be paying getting
paid millions of dollars to play a game that your manager spent months setting
up a deal for everybody's always
i could try i could try but i do already have the high score in that game
fuck fuck this game is bullshit this is one of the worst games ever made
that's the problem with snake is that it's such a bad game it's insane that
people used to even play that because it sucks ass and it's terrible
the thing that i meant to play was what they're saying which is spider man
cartoon maker which i which is no problem
to play probably there's a flash version of it
press the a button to believe in yourself over
snake that's actually really kind and i did kind of need to hear that right
now kind of a well that's exactly what i needed to
hear right now it turns out
um but now you're just kind of staring at me and it's my heart is sinking
deeper in my back mom i can't help you with that
that's a you thing do the back stuff that the doctor told us about
huh hello fuck this is the nintendo power
hotline i'm sucking little nemo dream master
guys it says spider man cartoon maker can't run on my computer
god that sucks let me play this my heart is sinking deeper in my back
mom how is that how still how deep is it now
my heart is sinking deeper in my back yeah what's up brick lizard
i found this glass of an mountain dew in the air staff
can i drink it or should i boot it straight into my anus
snake you can handle medical grade poisons i believe this part of your
training so if you feel the need to do that then you yeah go ahead and do it
but i'm not fucking responsible for what happens
how come there's not a flash version of this game this that's so unfair
maybe there's an emulator version of it but it probably involves bios and i can't
i just can't sleep or a jen is my heart is sinking deeper in my back
stop doc good luck the sleeper agent is extremely
violent you sent a fucking sleepy guy after me
you know that i have enough trouble sleeping i don't need two sleepy guys
in here i a two insomniacs next to each
other it's like the end of time cop we're gonna fuse into a thing that can
never get sleep i can't believe spider-man cartoon
maker isn't a big enough hit that someone made a
click-and-play flash version of it um so this one i remember siri please don't do
that specifically this is the uh that's one of the few
man cartoon maker your spider-man cartoon maker for anybody
who lives where it is the full version of the demo or what the
the music only went as i'm drawing okay no that's cool this is what we could be
playing so it's like a yeah hand
give me some to hear what each button does click on it with the right mouse button
keep that button that's one of his creations so i guess you can put in
your own voice show us one of your creations in 1973
here's one so do we have to be creative i guess yeah
i don't even know why we did it live
levin sleazy is linked something
hello he just linked something that could save us from ourselves i guess
oh my god this is what we needed all along
here we go look it's downloading the bios for me install whatever you want
on my computer please this is fucking perfect levin sleazy is a god of
gaming uh just a moment please
i sound too young now to make pastor go joke
but i'm still gonna guys great news
shit did i just skip the i might have just skipped the intro
wait we got a reload sorry i'm gonna try this one more time i don't want to
skip whatever that was it sounded pretty fucking epic
okay here we go this time we're not fucking up
brand are you playing with you really pretty sneaky wiki again
yes but i stopped i moved on to more advanced games
mom stop talking about your shadow self i'm trying to play
this game that i can't pronounce um wait let me turn down the game just a
little bit because it's pretty loud okay a brick what okay
what the fuck oh i'm in it uh oh shit i don't know the controls though
i don't know what shoot one second i i want to shoot i believe me i do
don't have any idea what the controls are one second
maybe it tells me settings control settings
okay connected game pad maybe i can connect my game pad
one second okay it just says non-detected
okay that means we're gonna have to go keyboard here
we're gonna have to be keyboard warriors guys button
um select okay z x
a s d q e and r that seems fine i think
fuck come on yeah update whatever okay
fuck shoot anything there we go okay
i figured it out at last what the shit
oh man
oh i won i yeah i didn't adjust the muscle or tan setting so i might be in
trouble
no okay this is going very poorly
look i was at a disadvantage i didn't know the controls at first
what's that brick lizard i'm fucking busy okay this time i got it no problem
all right get back off guys back off easy easy speed run speed run mode
promo speed run sorry that i'm just that good
it wasn't even hard for me mom what seriously mom what again
oh my god this guy what am i supposed to do about me
i'm playing a game it takes effort mom maybe try it sometimes stand up on your
own for one second
this is rough because i i'm not playing with the appropriate
controller the twirl doesn't last long the twirl is so limited
such a limited twirl all right let's have one more time and then honestly this game
is gonna be a box one i did the best i know
snake is way harder than this snake is way harder than this
that's like classic look up the controls okay i guess i could like yeah okay i
guess i could if that's like the kind of thing you
think i should do
um tan muscle guy thing controls what's this game calling it
i i don't even know if i can look it up i don't know if i can like look up the
name of the game easily without closing the game and that worries me
show on eki oh yeah i guess he's kind of saying that a lot
i'll show on eki controls mick kids i wish um by pressing the shoot button
this is from the wiki on it by pressing the shoot button the character only
fires a weak homing shot it already is more powerful moves the player has to
input button combinations similar to those in fighting games
uh oh but i'm using a fucking keyboard okay what are the
what are the combos what are the freaking combos
uh combos yeah i get it everyone's telling me it's a side scrolling shooter
play pepsi man i'd love to play pepsi man but i'm fucking trapped okay back
forward fire button to unleash a powerful piercing wave
this is according to the ai summary which i do trust every time
rapidly press the fire button to have him flex and fire home we're gonna call
him homing projectiles input back forward fire button to unleash a
powerful piercing wave the mens beam a powerful
my heart is sinking deeper in my back great mom good good um are you using
the force in there again what i also realized what happened with my mom and
her back she's having delusions for a specific reason
and it should be fixed no okay rapidly press the fire button um powerful being
half circle fire button i wonder if i can even do that on a keyboard energy build
up successful hit combos build up energy which is required to unleash the men's
beam okay good to know all right we're gonna try
we're gonna now that we are really we get it now that we fully understand this
game let's go yes
okay shoot the men's beam oh fuck i rocked his ass
i kind of destroyed that guy using my various beam powers
yeah how do i know my
oh shit it was nothing to be
something a bit okay there's more of these old guys
i'm gonna quit eating oh my gamer credit level i have a controller
it's just oh i made it to another level that's a win that's gonna count as a win
shit it's not fair sucks ass it's not fair look they made a sick game that
sucks ass and is impossible i don't know why they keep doing this
nobody understands the difficulty curve and how it's supposed to work in anything
it's supposed to be really hard for specifically everyone but me
that's how game design works because i'm actually really good at games
well i was easy thank you for finding a version of that game that i could play
requiring zero effort for me that's all that i wanted
was someone to feed it into my mouth like a baby
what's brick yeah
thank you that means a lot brick lizard if i'd set it to myself it would mean a
lot coming from you i don't know if i can trust it
that's it for today i'm pissed off i'm fucked up
i feel drunk but if i drink then my then my um
never explodes so i i actually can't drink you just say Bart
it didn't know what to say there it didn't know what to do
well i'm fucking i'm so pissed off so fucking pissed off right now
shit fucking game fucking pissed off but also we probably did better than
almost anyone's ever known i've actually ever seen that level until today so i
was excited to show off that level for the first time the first guy to make it
to it and um anyway i ordered a shipment of
that stuff from the movie dune that baron harkonnen sleeps in
and i've been told actually if i drink it uh it'll cure the spine goat that i was
diagnosed with recently um which i don't really even care about like it's not
even bothering me that much like i can sleep through my spine goat
um but i recently got a sponsorship so i'm massaging my nose
i have to relieve my sinus pressure a couple times a day or my right eyeball
will inflate to a size that you guys are complaining about if i don't do this
anyway we have a frito lay sponsorship coming up and they're making me get rid
of my spine goat so that i can stand on stage and pass out individual chips
so i do have to go i have to go drink the stuff that baron harkonnen
sleeps in from dune to cure my spine goat so that i can do a frito lay
sponsored a sponsored event let's rate still do
normally i would be rating out of you son you are a wonderful gamer
thank you thank you mommy i don't even care that you sound like part simpson
because when you say stuff like that to me it lets me know that that you get it
um tell them that cryptozoo sent you this is a cryptozoo raid for still do
normally i'd have to raid people from my own um
my own gamer org but because i'm on this fucking idiot stream i can rate
still do so that's kind of fun what mom
no i can't i cannot handle that much protein you know that i'm on a pure
carb diet i'm on the opposite of atkins i am the doctor said
zero protein for me all fats and carbs and sugars
okay i gotta go guys i've gotta go or ratings still do i've gotta go
coming mountain do i lost my sponsorship with them unfortunately brick what i'm
trying to end the stream what brick what i gotta fucking go say how to
still do for me i gotta drink the stuff that baron
harkonnen sleeps in whatever this is my outro bye
seriously i'm done i'm fucking done and the stream
somebody just