I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Good to see everybody.
You made a TikTok King of Bacon.
That's great!
Matt, good to see you.
Entity Greg to you.
King of Bacon, of course.
Greener salmon.
Greener salmon.
Greener salmon.
Or green salmon.
If anyone out there's named Green salmon.
Doofus knife, apple-daple, tasty zero.
Greener salmon.
I like greener salmon.
Greener salmon sounds maybe like you shouldn't eat that salmon.
Is it amongst the web?
We can go amongst the web today probably.
See how the afternoon stream shakes out.
You say you made a TikTok.
Okay.
This isn't just a shared TikTok.
It's a made TikTok.
Nice.
And there we have it.
We'll go amongst the web.
Let us first do a news, our customary early stream news that will go amongst the web.
Of course, can request any segment you want.
About every 15 minutes.
Four times a stream is how I have it set up now.
Look at all these goddamn horses behind me.
Hope everybody's having a good day.
There's probably news to talk about.
So before a hype train just starts going crazy or something.
Well, let's a little dodge it by just hard going into news.
Yeah.
Hey, everybody.
Come for chill news day.
We talking about today.
Is there a bake salad or something we can talk about?
Might be a bake salad.
I don't know.
There's no emote for me case.
You're right, apple-daple.
That's insane.
Um,
it's always a backlog of things I mean to do for this stream that I haven't
white done yet.
That's fine.
Do I can't stay mad at you because I never was.
La la la la la news.
Are we talking about?
Let's forget to make a.
Let's forget to make a headline.
I don't know.
There's VP.
VP's and then presidential candidates are talking.
It's and it's crazy.
I have no idea if it's crazy.
There's probably some news bites of presidential candidates and they're
running mates saying things.
Whoa.
It's the gift that keeps on giving presidential poll talks.
Yeah.
Hey, I runi has to eat.
I could get rid of one of those.
I don't want to rob the people of their favorite ai runi event.
That's true.
The secret final boss of barely informed news ai runi.
Denna, when did I start the stream?
Um, 12 minutes ago.
So very recently a wolf emote.
You know what?
Fuck it.
Let me look at my emotes.
Let me see what's gotta go.
That's our top story before we look at news.
This is what I'm qualified for.
He's to look at your emotes.
He's to look at your.
Oh my God.
I'm hearing myself twice.
Stop the steal.
Let me see going in.
I'm and your video producer.
I have the power.
Well, you know, it's it's available on our station computers.
Yeah.
Where are they though?
Honestly, the twitch dropped on menus still confused.
Oh shit.
I train.
Oh my God, there is a train.
I'd be kind of live too.
I recently changed all my audio work.
So I might need to turn that down just a little bit.
Can I be the train today?
Can I be a train?
I need to reapply for partner and pull a Fiona and call them out for not
partnering you earlier.
Oh, I get you more emotes lots of final partner.
Damn it.
That's the one tangible reason I've heard of to be partner.
What about also like opportunities?
I don't.
Is that a thing?
Do you get opportunities for a partner?
I don't know.
I have a lot of partners because I'm very open and a lot of them give me
some pretty great opportunities.
You know, I don't have an apartment for two years.
I just bed hop from partner and a partner's bed.
That adds up.
Tell them you are Fiona and use her partnership.
She died.
Oh my God.
Did you want to pass?
Rossed on pause.
Be careful.
No, she didn't.
First of all, and you got it.
I know you have an accent.
We just have to be careful.
What I love her.
If she were to pass, I'd say Rossed on pause.
It's nice to have goals.
I don't know if one of my goals is to be a partner, but I
cannot find where my fucking emotes are even so that I might
not be qualified to be a partner.
Viewer worth emotes.
Okay.
Can I show this without revealing anything essential?
I think I can.
Okay.
Check this shit out run through my emotes.
I'll start the rumor that she's dead.
Is that kind of a rumor?
Can it be a rumor that someone's dad?
If they haven't been seen in a while, yes, but she was
technically seen in less.
This Monday, this previous Monday.
My God, she's been replaced by a Martian body double.
I've that's crazy Zen master.
What are you basing that on?
Zen master said it.
I didn't know it.
Now I do.
You can't just listen to one thing and believe it, but it's
all one love.
If I believe in one love, let me look at your emotes.
Let me make sure I'm not doxing anybody somehow.
I don't think I am.
Let's see.
That's wrong.
That's right.
Here's the emotes.
Make them bigger.
These are your free emotes case.
What a wish is a I runy and I do think that probably has to
go.
I think it'd be fair for that to go.
You got subscriber emotes.
Would you have 10 open slots you liar?
You're filled with slots.
You could really like ride day slots out.
Yeah.
I didn't realize I had 10 open slots.
Is that new?
I don't know that.
But you've got them.
You have three automated email slots.
You such a slot horror.
A slot horror.
What now slot horror.
Slot hoarder.
Yeah, slot horror.
Look at bonus on a mind on a mouse unlocked to additional
emails by using twitch alerts.
And you have a cock or email.
Did anybody even know that with tier three they could get
a September?
Well look at race.
Oh, I've got it all.
What's the ad slots?
How many slots that's the jack microphone and I know
they're just Mama Jam 500 shiny tasty coins and I've
been dying to say this.
I just want to tell everyone that I'm still alive and I
haven't been replaced by a body double.
But I think I'll do that so I can finally get a damn
vacation.
That's good for him.
He's been working too hard and it's made him.
I think about 80 years.
My.
Oh my God.
I got the Pito under control.
He's going crazy.
He does fine.
That's just what he does.
Well, thanks so much for this part today.
I'm the hype train.
I think the hype train might get mad eventually and show
up depending on how long the hype train goes.
But yes, for now you're the hype train.
Today I'm the hype train.
That means I can do this.
Whoa.
I did not know you could do that.
I'm the hype train today.
Anyway, a shadow flying.
Thank you so much for the 200 bits microphone and 100.
Thank you so much for the 500.
I don't think he's okay guys.
Whoa.
This is a dangerous working environment.
You've got wild animals running around everywhere.
Some of them can float.
That's absolutely crazy man.
Can you just stop hype training so hard, Tyler?
Why?
I can't hold it if I'm the hype train today.
I'm doing all the hype train things.
Check this out.
I'm the hype train.
This is crazy.
I'm a train.
But I dialed go to hell.
Time for me to rap.
I did it.
Add your lotion.
Where's the chat?
Traditionally, I believe that the chat is in the bag.
That's true.
I'm supposed to lick up.
I think it's bad for my digestion.
Yeah.
So you're, you didn't need to pass judgment on my emotes
because I actually have way more slots.
Yeah, you've got tons of slots to choose from.
So line up your slots and pick them.
All right.
Got an alert for a giveaway.
Go to Bruce Green for a giveaway.
Stop sending people away from your strom kind.
That's not a way to groan on ounce.
Well, I just got an alert that Bruce is doing a giveaway.
By the way, thank you so much for all the bets.
Apple Douth with 100.
Double 100.
Back to Bach, hundreds.
Shadow Flame with 100.
And the 200.
Wait, sorry.
Shadow Flame with the 200 and Microphone 900.
What the 500?
That was crazy math to do right now.
It's not math, Tyler.
If you just read a number.
In a sense, isn't math just writing numbers?
I was told math is a long word.
All right.
I'm not going to, I can't argue with you on that.
So what are we talking about?
Ta-da.
Yes.
The vice presidential candidates are both on the stumps doing stuff.
Kamala, she's stumping all around.
Everybody's stumping the yard.
You've got a stomp they are.
Let's check in with you.
What I have queued up is JD.
Okay, I guess let's check in with you.
You just watch it.
A little bit different here.
You've been criticized for being too serious.
You've been angry sometimes.
What makes you smile?
What makes you happy?
All right.
He does awesome.
What makes him smile if anybody couldn't hear that because he's serious.
But look right now he's smiling and that's a winning smile.
Well, I smile a lot of things, including bogus questions from the media, man.
I mean, look, I think if you watch, if you watch a full speech that I give,
I actually am having a good time out here and I'm enjoying this.
But look, sometimes you got to take the good with the bad and right.
I'll honor is crazy.
So basically he said what makes him smile is bogus questions from the media.
Yes, and is never an inquest to max out on likeability.
He answered the question on what makes him smile by being like,
actually faking smiles through these bullshit questions is what makes me smile.
I hate you and I have fun hating you.
I mean, that does have to be one of the most softball questions you could get.
So the fact he's getting even like a somewhat negative media smattering
based on someone asking him what makes him smile is truly impressive.
But he does have other things to say.
Oh, good.
Hey, okay.
So quick get some of Kendall's eyeliner.
Oh, no, I ended.
I'm not a train anymore.
I've lost my train status.
Does that mean I'm dead?
I think that only happens to the actual hype train.
Well, God don't worry.
You unlocked the email.
It's on a lie.
Is he trying to keep?
Is he trying to be mean to reporters like Trump?
He should keep doing that.
I agree.
JD, whatever this energy is as your doppelganger or I like to think of you as mine.
I say keep this up.
This energy.
I love to see it for one and never stop.
Never stop being you.
It's so important to be ourself.
All right.
He also has some attacks though.
He's also coming with the fists.
Let's see what he's got.
Well, I wonder Tim Waltz, when were you ever in war?
When was this?
What was this weapon that you carried into war given that you abandoned your
unit right before they went to Iraq and he has not spent a day in a combat
zone?
What bothers me about Tim Waltz is the stolen valor garbage do not pretend to
be something that you're not.
And if he wants to criticize me for getting an Ivy League education, I'm
proud of the fact that my mamma supported me that I was able to make
something of myself.
I'd be ashamed if I was him and I lied about my military service like he did.
Is it Rises for him to say mamma?
I don't think that's a racial term, but it gave me the same same feeling as
when I have like St. Patrick's Day dinner.
The St. Patrick's Day dinner.
The entire Tyler family sometimes gets together on St. Patrick's Day just
to have a dinner.
And my various uncles say some things that I'm pretty sure they're not
supposed to see unique family tradition.
Yeah, the Tyler family has a lot of you in that traditions on deep roads.
The Tyler family.
Yeah, I'm Tyler Tyler.
You know, my last name is Tyler.
And your first name is Tyler.
Because that shouldn't surprise me.
Well anyway, they're going with the stolen valor thing.
What's that mean?
When you like take credit for military service that you didn't do.
Can you do that?
I mean, you can do that because I do like Valar.
Yeah, they're doing the exactly Skymer.
They're doing the Swift Boat and Carry in 2004 playbook.
I do think we have a story on whatever the deal is with.
I don't honestly know Tim Wall's real military record.
I know that he was in the military at some point,
but I honestly don't know what the genesis of these particular
attacks is if he there's any even remote reality to it.
So I guess we can find out.
You could have looked at that before, honed.
Yeah, but then I wouldn't learn live in front of everyone.
Trump did it posting AI photos of himself.
No, he earned that Valar through large, large language Valor.
There's a large language Valor model.
Yeah, it aggregates all the Valor and then it disperses
it out into any Valor source that you want.
That's actually recognized and we will do a how to maybe we
can learn how to aggregate some Valor for this stream.
So if a large language model doesn't it's fine.
Yeah, or you know an image generator as long as it's
aggregating it and then you know releasing it into an
appropriate source you can you can LLM your Valor.
Oh God, how to steal Valor.
You she needs to like that up.
We can look into that.
So Breachy says I ran into a guy went to school with
at a VA bar one time who was claiming to have been in
Iraq during a period of time.
I know he was in jail for robbing a 7-11.
See when you steal Valor hard enough and there could be
some potential veterans in the chat.
I'm not trying to shit on you.
Tyler, what are you doing with your hand there?
Just waving.
Anyway, it's there's if you steal it hard enough.
I just have this the tiniest bit of respect for it.
Why?
I don't know that there were a country funded by liars.
If someone's lying hard enough.
It just feels like American to me.
It circles back around to being patriotic.
If you lie hard enough.
Oh God.
Hey, so how many subs to rob a 7-11?
Shouldn't you not need to if you got enough subs?
No, I need to take a page out of like the prank streamer
playbook and just say I'm robbing 7-11 as a prank.
Oh yeah, because if it's a prank that gives you double
pranked enmity.
Exactly.
If I double pranked enmity, I can't actually be tried
for doing a crime even once because it was a prank.
Smart.
Well, let's see if Tim Walls.
Is that his name?
Tim Walls.
How do you say it?
I think just walls.
Oh my God.
Are we building a walls?
I thought we weren't supposed to do that.
No, he is a candidate who already exists.
He's not being built, but he's being built up like a walls.
Are we are we doing the thing we hate?
No, he's a just can you just read the article?
Can I read?
You've done it before.
I think I can.
Okay.
What to know about walls?
Oh, I can.
That's exciting.
What to know about walls is military record advances
accusations of stall and valor.
Is Mexico paying for him?
Is Mexico paying for walls because that was a big
point of contention.
We don't want to have to pay for our own walls.
He took Tim Walls technically pulls down a government
salary for.
You know, being a government official.
We pay our government officials.
That doesn't sound right.
I think they're stealing from the taxpayers.
I think you're becoming Republican currently Tyler.
Oh, this is how it starts.
That's fun.
The allegation also has legal implications.
Wait, sorry.
JD Vance is alleging Democrat Tom Walls is guilty of stall
and valor and explosive allegation because of war.
It's just a it's just a big accusation.
Oh, an explosive allegation that supporters of walls
say goes too far.
Okay.
The allegation also has legal implications.
It's a guns fodder a lot to lie about military
service to try to defraud people.
There's no evidence that walls is guilty of such a
crime.
There are questions about high walls has talked about
his service, including claims he carried a gun and
war where he was never he never saw active combat.
Tyler, what can you tell us about the latest Tim
Walls horse abuse allegations?
Wait, what?
Is there even more exciting?
Sorry, the allegations are coming fast and furious.
Tyler, Tyler, we actually have breaking horse abuse
allegations that I need you to now read.
I got a raid more.
Oh my God.
He carried a gun in Guar.
That's not us.
But they're saying he didn't.
They're saying he did not current a guar.
A guar gun.
Just a gun and war.
I think what happened is he said in a speech.
We'll watch it after this.
But first let's find out how he abused horses.
That does seem less fun than stealing Valor.
Can you steal Valor by abusing horses?
I guess the article could tell us.
We have to be careful.
There's some big horses out there.
And his first public appearance has come all
horrors on Foshalva pop-up.
Minnesota Governor Tim Walls got the crowd fired up
by referencing an Internet meme at the expense of
Jayde Vance.
Oh yeah, I said I'd flock the couch.
He did say that.
During his speech, Walls mentioned that he'd love to
debate Vance if he was willing to get off the couch.
Okay.
But what's with the Tim Walls horse rumor?
Macca supporters claim that Tim Walls was hospitalized
after drinking horse, amen.
What?
I can't believe he did not.
But you can't just read the headline, Tyler, and then
assume it's true.
I still but he did it apparently.
You read only the headline.
I guess if I have to read more, but I'm pretty grossed out
already.
You did a double take, didn't you?
I did like at least a single take.
Indeed supporters of Jayde Vance have invented a rumor
that Walls, oh, then Vontana, but inventions are popular.
So you can invent some good stuff.
Who's known for his rural lifestyle and Midwestern
daughter energy had to have his stomach pumped after
drinking a gallon of horse, amen.
Well, there you have it.
They're saying in a gun.
They're saying they said it and they invented it.
Yeah, I'm saying inventions are super useful.
Like I use toilet paper all the time and someone had to
think of that.
Anyway, the rumor originated on an anti Biden sub rabbit
complete with a fabricated screenshot of an I pain news
article.
Of course, the rumor has been debunked and there's no
evidence support that any incident like this actually
occurred.
I was on the same way with Vontana's couch rumor, but
that hasn't stopped him from running with it.
I guess not to play devil's advocate on behalf of JD
Vance, although very appropriate term actually for him.
You know, the couch thing some could say is completely
made up, but we are having a lot of fun with that.
So maybe in the interest of being fair and balanced,
we should check out this fabricated article.
But why it's like apparently a total lie and I was
thrown completely just by it even being mentioned.
Isn't it even dangerous to kind of just spread false rumors
like this?
Yeah, but it contains horse and semen.
So it's also kind of funny.
Oh, okay.
So it is important.
Yes, it's some it's very important.
Okay, let's see the article.
Oh, now will it even loud?
Okay, local man's stomach pops after neighborhood dare
goes wrong.
Nebraska sign.
Let me skip this over.
Nebraska man hospitalized.
Uh, after unusual over ingestion incident in a bizarre
and unprecedented medical emergency, Tim Waltz, a local
resident of West Point, Nebraska was rushed to West Point
General Hospital last night after reportedly over
ingesting horse semen.
Wait, but this isn't his article too.
Well, they did literally just tell us that this is made
up and it does look a little photoshoppy.
At least the picture does.
That's him and it's the routers.
King of Agents has you can mask couch fucking with simple
playful meme.
You can't really mask drinking horse semen.
Yeah, that is a little more blunt.
You think they didn't quite get like the appeal of the couch
thing.
I think they might have been like, how do we up couch thing?
And they went close to the top.
Because it is less fun.
Actually, the more I say drinking horse semen.
Yeah.
Yeah, and honestly, the article is actually that fun to read.
It's surprisingly dryly written.
I guess because they actually wanted this to somehow get
traction.
Even if it were true, I feel like the media wouldn't
super duper want to talk about getting a stomach pump
from horse semen.
Yeah, would the media talk about that?
How would the media talk about that if it were true?
Well, we'll just have to be relieved.
I guess that it's not.
Don't give me that look.
I'm very easily swayed.
It's not true.
It is very clearly a lie.
But sometimes if you repeat a joke enough times, it becomes
funny.
I don't think this is that kind of Jack.
But let me try to try a couple of times drinking horse
semen drinking horse semen over dosing on horse semen.
Yeah, it doesn't work.
Shit.
I said it three times.
Did I just summon horse semen?
No, you didn't say beetle semen.
Okay.
Well,
thank you for that live and sleazy.
So that's another attack being levied on JD Vance by his
opponents.
They are keeping it about issues at least because there's like
too many people drinking horse semen.
Did you know the vice president is?
No, we just spent five minutes talking about how that's
not happening really.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Anyway, I'd mention there are very few.
This is back to him stealing valor, which is true.
It's most likely not true, but we'll find out what the details
are, I guess.
Okay.
I'd wager very few politicians that any company once
associated with their brand.
Wait, what?
Oh, this is about him nursing a secret passion for magic
the gathering.
Oh, I forgot I opened that article.
There's a lot going on.
Let's stay focused on the one for now.
Wait, does he like magic?
Because I believe in crystals.
I know that's different.
It's not.
Obviously it says there's a potential.
How does it science with the second story listed?
Oh, yeah.
I saw that.
I don't think I wouldn't recommend it, but maybe we'll
get there.
The Harris-Walls Compile initiative statement saying in
his 24 years of service, the governor carried fired and
trained others to use weapons of war and new berwill
times.
Okay.
So this is then complaining.
That Tim Walls said that he carried a gun in war.
I guess he's never bought in a war.
Am I correctly right on loss?
Yes, that is.
That is what they're claiming.
I guess maybe he said this at some.
Wait a minute.
Oh, fuck.
Did I say it?
He didn't notice.
He didn't notice a very rare miss.
I just have to not say it again.
And I don't think I don't think Tyler picked up on it.
Carburetor.
Is that what you said?
No, but I'll say it at the end of the segment and then
we'll do it.
Okay.
They also have to go amongst the wobb.
I pick up all sorts of stuff.
Anything I find on the ground.
Sometimes I'll pick it up just to feel it even like bugs
and trash.
Okay.
Anyway, he thinks that an events are putting his life
on the line.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Governor.
Waltz would never install or undermine any American service
to this country.
In fact, he thinks that an events for putting his life
on the line for our country is the American.
Why?
Here's what we know.
Waltz retired from the Army National Guard as the
crisis in Iraq was growing to run up for public office.
But are they trying to use him not being in the
Iraq war against them?
I think so.
I guess I'd also heard this that he retired right
before the Iraq war.
Seemingly it could have just been coincidence.
I mean, for me not having participated in Iraq isn't
exactly a strike against someone, although I'm
also not blaming soldiers for just going, you know,
where they're commanded to go.
But I certainly don't have any issue with a governor
who didn't fight in Iraq.
He retired to run for office.
Yeah, that's probably what the story is going to say.
And also seemingly what happened.
But yes, they're using that against against him seemingly.
Even though he likes magic, that's so rare.
It was possible his unit would be sent to war as Pentagon
officials hoped the presence of US troops in Iraq would
protect the new coalition government provide a civil war.
Waltz, a vocal critic of the Bush administration's war
policies and father of a four year old girl at the time,
opted to file his retirement papers, not may
and run for political office instead.
He won successfully flipping Minnesota has seat from
red to blue.
Okay.
According to records by the National Guard,
he filed the first battalion.
Yeah, he received an alert order on July 14th,
2005, two months after Waltz retired.
So they weren't mobilized yet.
Okay.
Just a few yes, Das, which is like just as but with a E.
And a you another retired commander, surgeon major
who served with walls tells ABC News that while there
was speculation of a deployment around the time,
there was no firm into cash in the walls.
Ian, it would be sent to Iraq until July.
Right.
Yes, it says he remembers while struggling with the timing
I wanted to serve as a lawmaker, but also avoiding
asking for a deferment so he could do so.
He's a wind.
He had a window of time.
He had to decide and in his deciding we were not to notice.
We were not on notice to be deployed.
There were rumors.
Okay.
Yeah, that's what they already said.
Walter advanced said walls as a command sergeant
major at the time shouldn't have allowed his unit
to deploy without him.
And then and then I don't really want to have to read
him speaking because it does bum me out when he speaks
actually a dairy run to service local people.
Yeah.
I mean, this is where
I think my own personal views make me kind of not great
at predicting if this has any political efficacy.
Like for me, I don't care if he did retire to not go to
Iraq.
I would understand if you wouldn't want to participate
in the Iraq war.
The same time, you know, I'm not judging soldiers who
were just enlisted for going where they're commanded,
but I would also respect someone if they retired specifically
not to involve themselves in that war, which just doesn't
even sound like what he did probably.
But also, you know, the attacks against like the Harris
Walls ticket is that they're extreme leftist communists,
which of course my complaints with them are the on the
entire side to me.
They're way they're too conservative.
So I don't necessarily have the best register of what
actually will work as an attack on them.
To me, this does once again feel like a little too
playing to the base.
Like they need to pull people from the middle and right
now we're not in like an active.
We're not at least seen as being in an active Middle
East conflict, whereas that was a central issue in the
Kerry Bush campaign.
Like that was maybe arguably the main issue was like
the handling of the Iraq war.
So the country was like it was in way more of a military
fervor right now.
I just don't think people give a shit about this.
That could be accurate because as I was reading it,
I felt myself like fading back and being like, oh, fuck.
I don't give a shit about this.
Oh, no, I'm fading out of existence like Marty McFly.
That might just be because you don't have much of an
attention span that could be at because I did already
forget what we I just said and what we're currently
talking about JD Vance.
Oh, that's such a bummer.
Why?
That's a fair question.
Well, anyway, he also plays magic the gathering does
not make you like him guys because you like that stuff
right?
You like little card guys.
I do like little card guys.
Does he actually he does have the unfortunately I
can see it.
You know magic doesn't discriminate political
beliefs, but it does attract.
Um, you know, but I mean, I'm not even going to say it,
but I'd say if you're like a kid having difficulties
in social situations in middle school, which his book
would suggest he was, I could see him getting into
magic just to just guessing based on, you know,
definitely not personal experience.
Oh, definitely not personal experience.
Great minds do think alike and look alike.
Okay.
You look just like him.
Thanks.
I'd wager there are very few politicians left at any
company wants that any company wants associated with
their brand and there's more than one reason for that.
The obvious one, of course, is the politicians are
controversial.
Sure.
There's another reason though, which is that politicians
aren't nearly universally kind of awkward or you
nearly universally kind of awkward and off-putting.
And if they go about associating themselves with
your brand, okay, can we just got to a place?
Oh my God guys, how do I'm supposed to read the
news?
It's so boring.
It would be nice to take and just tell us what
evidence there is that he's in it into magic.
Wizard of the coast is less than shuffed by the
revelation that Donald Trump's running mate, JD Vance,
is apparently an avid fan of magic that gathering.
That's according to his wife, Usha Vance via Indy 100.
Okay.
Let's just go to the source here.
Can we just call up Usha?
I cannot.
I cannot talk to Usha.
That's one of my, that's one of the people I just
can't get on the line.
Okay.
His wife, Usha has spoken about how her husband likes to
spend his spare time and according to her, he's into
dorky card games like Modric the Gotharang.
Topic was covered by Fox and Friends host Ainsley
Erdhart who interviewed Usha and her husband this
week and spoke about the revelations with her
co-hosts.
When the topic of Vance's liking for the tabletop and
digital collectible card game came up, Erdhart's
co-host Steve Dossy said, I want him to explain
what dorky habits he has.
Wait, this is like actually kind of like a thing he
likes that it provides a little personality to him.
So he should keep talking about that.
Well, it's his wife talking about it.
His wife is, his wife is making the rounds in a
desperate bid to make him seem like he has any
amount of likability.
Modric the Gotharang, isn't that Saitanic or
Dmonic or Antek Kroshton?
You know, that's a fair question.
Maybe I should ask him.
Oh, you're gonna go talk to J.D.
Yeah, I guess I will.
If you have any questions about JD Vance's supposed
love of magic, feel free to ask them because
every once in a while,
if I can go straight to the source,
I feel like I probably should.
And JD's just always waiting for a fucking interview.
So, JD, I can't believe I'm calling for you
myself, but are you there?
Oh yeah, I did happen to just be sordid.
Walking by, smiling.
Oh good, you're smiling.
I do that all the time because I am having fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
You do, you are a bit of a lingerer.
Question, what makes you smile since you couldn't
answer the other day?
Probably little stupid fucking chats like that.
Really get me smiling because I, because I
handle them and you're handled.
That's the same answer, JD.
I just went over this and I just went over your
head and I, and I enjoyed doing that.
So I do have fun out here.
You little guys think you can get me.
Why don't you tap to mountains of bullshit and
summon a lie?
Oh my God, you do play magic?
No.
I meant touch to, are you denying that you play?
Okay, do you play magic the gathering?
That's a real white weenie question and I play
mercenaries.
You could not know those references.
You do.
So you do.
Well, look, all I want to say is red wins.
Okay, but sometimes you got to combine colors.
In this country and Kamala did and she
picked one instead of having both.
And sometimes you do need to do a deck.
If you want to reach the people, I don't
even think you've even played magic in a while.
It seems like you're really struggling.
I wasn't.
I'm not making magic references.
I'm just talking about politics.
All I'm trying to say is that I'm just
trying to question Kamala Harris's race.
Why are you making this about magic?
You know, I don't like either of those.
It's going to work for you JD.
I can't question a black woman's race without
being accused of liking magic the gathering.
I'm not making that illusion.
You're just doing that yourself.
Look, everybody played a little bit of magic.
Sure.
Someone, maybe a cousin teaches you the rules.
I haven't played since Nemesis.
So you know the turn, you know, Nemesis, you know,
if anything I play unglued because I'm more of a
memer and I like jokes.
So I even used to tear up the card, the card that
you have to tear up.
It says in it says on one of the things fun
things about unglued is it doesn't take itself
that serious.
You know way too much about magic.
Just admit that you play.
It's the best trap card.
What did you just look over at my waiting room?
Has it has a couch?
I'm not looking at your couch.
Keep looking over at it.
Is that yellow velvet?
No, it's not.
It's from Walmart.
It's just a good color of couch.
Mallet else says I remember meeting you at a
convention played magic lived in the Bible
built.
He said he got a few looks and words.
I mean, I'm from Roanoke, Virginia, which
is relatively southern and it has one of the
biggest magic stores around star comics.
I might be forgetting the name.
It's it's one of the bigger magic suppliers.
Is it just me or does case look more like JD
Vance than any character from this show?
I have a way better beard and I'm more
stately Zen master with the true story.
When I was in college, I worked at a game store.
One day a lady came in walked around and looked
at the RPGs then asked me why I sold devil
books.
They are they are and the only devil book I
read is the Bible.
You just call the Bible a devil book.
Well, he's in there.
The only place he's allowed to be is in the
Bible and sometimes they'll try to whisper
at you from the Bible, but that's why you
keep reading the Bible to keep him in the
book.
Did you just exclaim the Bible?
Your Bible is whispering at you.
Well, yeah, I hear the voice.
I hear the voice of the Bible, obviously.
And it's the voice of the devil whispering
at me as I read it.
What?
Okay, well, so you're just going to deny
that you play.
You're going to deny that you play magic.
Look, a lot of people, the rumors that my
political career is getting thrown in the
discard pile have been greatly exaggerated.
And there's no need to even exhume it because
I'm actually I flooded the board politically
and I'm not tapped out.
I'm tapped in and actually I got gay
is cradle.
So I basically have infinite mana.
Okay, you just fucking play.
That's fine.
You can just say you play magic.
Small penis Bible.
That's one of the few extra books of the
Bible that actually makes some great points.
It's too bad that when they had that meeting
at the Vatican and whatever went around
in Jesus died that they didn't put that in.
All right, Jenny answer was a mistake to talk to you.
Well, you know, back at you.
These little questions that I enjoy that I'm
having fun with and I'm having a good time.
You little idiots.
I say that with all love and respect.
I'll come back if you want to I because I enjoy
I'm having a good I'm liking this and like
like like I'm not going to say bull.
I'll come back anytime you want.
Why do you stock women like the current VP?
I don't.
I meant to cut away from you.
I just had a similar flight in a couple of weeks
and I was checking out that plane's going to be mine.
That's pretty baller to say right?
No, no, that wasn't a good line.
Well, actually I have flying and she doesn't ever reach.
So she can't reach this.
I'm moving on.
Let's go amongst the webs.
We've news now for a minute.
We've news some news like full goth.
Let me see what I got.
Let me see if I can catch JD one more time before he leaves.
JD, are you still here?
Yeah, I'm ready to go out.
Oh Jesus.
What?
I don't even care what you guys said by the way,
because I'm having such a good I'm having such a good time.
It doesn't even it does not matter to me.
Can someone discard him already?
That's I get that you shouldn't get that if you okay whatever.
I am discarding him.
We're going to go amongst the web.
Maybe we'll do a little more news and we also have a how to coming up.
So many things to do.
Let's do it.
Yeah, Tamtrann, I saw that happen.
I just saw some madness from Tamtrann and for some reason cases new gifted subsystem has failed.
Check this shit out.
I'll do it for you.
I will do this for you case.
Oh shoot.
I can't.
Well, Tamtrann is going to say some other random name,
but just know that this is this is intended to be for you.
Thanks for doing that.
Yeah, sorry Tamtrann.
I don't know why my alert didn't work for that,
but thank you so much for the five subs.
I changed over my alerts to streamer,
but I guess maybe I have to figure out why it's not working for community subs.
Great job, Jengyship.
No, it's Tamtrann.
It's Tamtrann, y'all.
Nothing works around here except this gorilla.
God damn, look at him go.
Yeah, I don't know.
There's always kinks to work out.
It's Tamtrann.
Or Tamtrann if you want to go by Jengyship.
Way to go Tamtrann, the king of Jengyships,
not just a train, but a Jengyship.
It's Tram.
Well, anyway, thank you so much Tamtrann.
We're amongst the web though, baby.
Yeah, the vibes are right.
We love to be here inside the internet.
We do, and there's some story, not story,
a video that we have to watch.
Wait, who requested this?
Greener Sam, yeah.
Let me make sure I don't skip that one.
Although I might be able to watch all of them today
because we made progress yesterday.
Maybe it was King of Bacon who made it
because King of Bacon has one here
that they might have made themselves.
Anyway, we'll just watch everything.
We'll watch everything that's been posted today.
Oh my God, where do we leave off?
Okay, I see it.
I see it now.
Boom, nice.
You didn't post one?
Okay, great.
I think King of Bacon did.
And we'll get to it for sure.
In fact, confirming it in the chat.
I need chats on every screen so I can keep up with it.
High five, back five.
Nice.
Actual high five.
Oh, he's leaving me hanging.
He's just leaving me hanging.
That's fine.
Sorry, my hand got hurt by that back five.
All right, let's watch something cool
because Casey isn't being cool.
So let's watch something.
That kill you?
Shouldn't that be your death?
What?
We got to watch that.
We got to watch that back.
Hell, let me launch the rating.
Goddamn.
Can you do people just survive that shit?
I mean, like, obviously I could.
Like, obviously.
Oh yeah, obviously you could.
I mean, I would brace myself.
I go to Armadillo chat mode.
That's where I flex and I become a ball.
I'm basically unbreakable at that point.
But for your average human, that could be the end.
I don't know.
That seemed wildly high for sure.
If a man was in that his balls are around his heart.
Well, that's the end of toxic masculinity.
Put your balls in your heart.
And now your balls can feel.
That does not make sense.
And I don't appreciate it.
Yeah, that wasn't that wasn't one of the smarter things
I've said for sure.
At least you know.
Oh my God, it's a tan.
Deserved.
I'd say deserved.
If you're willing to put your life on the sands
and probably get murdered by a man,
murdered by gravity,
then we'll give you a tan out of respect.
Oh, speaking of respect,
it's my boy Aiden.
Someone's posting raw Aiden's in the chat.
Let's see some raw Aiden go down.
Oh, this is the whole thing.
Let's watch it back.
It's only six seconds.
That is a bit of a jerk, jerk dance.
I do the jerk, jerk, jerk.
But look, everybody's being a fucking hater on him.
Just for doing the apparently the biggest dream of all time.
I don't think it was.
He was hoping to hit a million.
And he didn't.
As many people other than Hassan can attest,
which is not the best place for politics a lot of the time.
It's usually not the most popular subject,
but I'm sure he still did huge numbers for him.
We watched some of it.
It's certainly embarrassing.
100 million view.
Yeah, not just a million. 100 million.
I'm sure it's done.
I mean, the amount of media impressions he got off of this,
honestly, stunt stream,
I'm sure made it probably worth it for him.
I'm guessing a lot of people are getting introduced to Aiden Ross
and surprise he seems like a pretty negative figure.
But maybe there is no such thing as bad exposure.
I'm just glad he got to spend a day with dad.
It's like an AI.
The movie AI by Steven Spielberg when they bring him back
just to spend one day with his family
before he ceases to exist forever.
That's kind of how I imagine Aiden Ross's big day with Trump.
No, he's still here though. He's still going to keep being him.
That's unfortunately true.
I guess I'm wishing it was like the movie AI.
Is that what we call AI artificial intelligence?
I can't remember.
I might just, okay.
I'll stop caring. Let's watch some.
Shit, is this the Olympic?
Let's watch the Olympic clips.
They keep getting the stream taken down.
And I'm one of the few people here
that actually cares about copyright.
You do copyrighted stuff constantly.
Well, I'm just saying I would love to watch this clip
from Live in Sleazy of the women's synchronized swimming,
but for a number of reasons.
Stop doing my voice.
You like my chat impression? That's fucking rude, man.
Don't get in trouble.
Two streams have been taken down now because of
this last stream got taken down because of the fucking
A the bluey thing off YouTube, not off Twitch.
Off of, because of the blue, I played like 10s,
maybe 40 seconds of bluey.
And then also the clip that everyone is sharing
of the Olympic pole vultures dick
hitting the pole got the whole stream taken down.
So NBC is litigious on Twitch.
Well, they're not suing me. They just took it down.
It's not even really a copyright strike, so I guess I can't be too sad about it.
But I am.
Don't be sad, Case.
I hate seeing you like this.
Me too. This is a dark day.
Yeah, the clip of bluey was on YouTube.
I guess, I mean, you can get copyright strikes from other YouTubers.
It's honestly like, technically I am just showing their copyrighted material.
I would argue I was doing it in a context where I was offering
probably what could you could argue is commentary.
But, and also I didn't even, I showed like two 20 second chunks of it, but
that's their prerogative.
Flash games haven't been on the site since 2020.
I think it would be fair use if I could make a stink about it,
but you know, it's just YouTube, so.
I have no power over the algorithm.
I have no power here.
Let's see what this is.
Oh, this is a genius because they designed a way to make cars stop
in the most efficient way possible.
This design is located in Vancouver,
and the idea is to pick up a brick next to crosswalks
to make sure cars stop for you.
The reason behind this is because several fatal accidents
have happened in this road, hence why this idea was implemented.
Whoever made this is a genius because they designed a way
to make cars stop in the most efficient way possible.
I should get it, but I'll be real and I don't quite get it.
Is it because they're afraid they're going to throw a brick at them?
What's the little...
There's a new DJ topic on Twitch.
Oh, I can switch my...
I can switch my category whenever I do DJ music.
I just don't get it.
Am I missing some really obvious joke?
I guess if I saw someone carrying a brick,
I would be confused and that would make me not want to run them over?
I think we don't want to run them over anyway.
Don't walk until you're supposed to.
I don't get it.
Yeah, I guess nobody in chat gets it either,
so I guess it's a reference to Cartoon Networks website shutting down.
That doesn't sound right either.
It's the brick throwing.
So people are afraid there's going to...
That just creates such a tense situation.
Also, after a week, everybody's going to be used to it.
I guess if this guy works and I can say that...
Wait a minute, did you...
As I said, Skynes, I felt this little itch in the back of my throat
like I missed someone saying it earlier.
No, no, no, we're good.
Gorilla?
I guess he didn't hear it either.
Okay.
Happy...
Let's keep going.
Someone's getting wished a happy birthday,
and I'm always there for that.
Happy birthday, Lucas!
I love you!
Kisses from Africa!
Kisses from Africa!
Oh!
I wish someone a happy birthday.
That is a pretty good way.
If I got that on my birthday, I would, in fact, be pretty pumped.
You can get your own.
They're just smart businessmen.
They are men of business.
The business is the man.
And they're in the business of fucking birthday men.
I love it.
Chat loves it.
Chat loves it.
That's our first two-tent.
Two-tent.
See, I always have your back on the high fives
for a hot 10 like that.
Sick, Chat.
Way to go.
Giving me a straight 10.
And now we finally made it to the King of Bacon section.
Of...
Of TikTok.
To see...
What gifts the King of Bacon has left for us.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Okay, let's see.
What is this?
Let's check it out.
Whoa!
Oh my God.
People look so good with face filters on.
Oh shit, I look so good with a face filter on.
Damn.
Isn't that crazy with the right face filter?
I could look even better than this.
That is, that's wild, Chat.
Because you already have such a strong look.
One of the strongest of all time.
But sometimes you can put a hat on a hat.
And then you've got double the sun protection.
And the same-sent principle applies to face.
Well, thank you, King of Bacon.
It's beautiful to see this perfect harmony of Snapchat filters in action.
I do, in fact, love to see it.
What the fuck is this?
No one shared that, by the way.
Case just clicked on that for some reason.
Yeah, maybe I shouldn't just click on the auto recommends.
A strong 9.58 from King of Bacon.
Thanks again from the USMC community.
Stolen Valor.
Oh, we're about to learn more about Stolen Valor.
This is exciting.
It's a hot topic today.
A courtesy of these flawless attack ads from the Republican presidential ticket.
Let's see what's up.
Where, where'd you, sir?
Marine.
Me, too.
What was your M.O.F.?
I was special.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Oh, I flew into places.
Okay, where were you?
Dark places.
Where were you stationed?
I, I can't go into detail.
Okay.
But I can-
This interview is over for-
Oh, no.
Was that the Valor being-
He was part of-
See, this is-
This is the dark side of stealing Valor.
We're accusing everybody now.
That man literally was special for our country.
He flew into dark places for our country.
That's true.
If he really did do special for our country,
and he was stationed in where he can't tell,
and yet we turn our backs on this veteran,
I just can't weigh in because I have so much respect for the special-
the special veteran of our country.
I, too, love the special veteran who fly into dark place.
From base, can't tell.
This interview is over.
I agree. I'm done.
8.38.
Fuck Valor.
Team Instinct Pokemon Go.
That's the only acceptable way to steal Valor is to steal it,
to put it into Pokemon Go, Team Instinct.
He calls the eastern part of his town dark places.
Yeah, I was a little disconcerting when soldiers are just labeling
probably a whole country as a dark place.
Well, maybe they flew in at night.
You know, not everybody's got to be in trouble, case.
I think he probably is in trouble for lying about being a marine.
Now, that's where he-
I thought we agreed that he didn't.
Anyway, let's look at this fucking scary dog.
This is one of those dogs that's got a fucked up face,
but to me that's adorable because I love animals.
I, too, love dogs with fucked up faces.
And let's see what this hero fucked up dog has to show us.
Want your cookie?
Let's see how pretty you look.
Okay, okay. Oh my gosh.
Whoa, got it.
Nice.
I think dogs that look fucked up are actually the new cute dog.
Is that JD Vanth?
Do I look like that dog, too?
You look a little like that dog.
Oh, shit, Pepito's girlfriend. He got a girl now.
I don't know if Pepito is a girl.
I think I call Pepito he all the time, but I'm pretty sure Pepito doesn't care about gender and all.
So I don't think they will ever call me on it.
I just- I wouldn't overthink Pepito too much, case.
He's a dog. Yeah, she's a dog. I don't know.
Pepito's a dog. Yeah.
A three?
These aren't ratings for the beauty of the dog, by the way.
Just the general quality of the internet video.
Yeah, the secret and sacred metric of quality of internet video is how we judge videos here.
You can take that however you want.
We got one more, I think.
We're wrapping up the webs.
Let me make sure I didn't miss anything hot.
Looks like we actually did a decent job of-
Okay, well, there's one that we missed yesterday from Live and Sleazy.
So we'll watch that and then one more.
We got two more now.
We love to see it.
Whoa!
They're in there!
Dude, what were they doing in that car?
Kind of fucked up illegal shit you think those cats was doing.
I think being in the car was probably the illegal activity.
Dude, that sucks to be a cat.
You can't even be in a car without that shit being illegal.
You gotta run from the cops when they show up.
Or was that lady not a cop and she's stealing Valor from cat cops?
I think- I don't know. Those could be her cats, honestly, don't know.
There's so many questions.
Does it count as a clown car if the clowns can easily fit and the clowns are cats?
It was a surprising amount of cats, which does in fact-
If you're surprised by the amount of passengers in a car,
I think that makes it a clown car.
Clown cat car.
Cut to clown car.
Plot-plotown?
Literous car.
You're just trying to combine cat and clown?
Plot-plot-clown.
Clown cat car.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying, Skymer.
I forgot that chat, that chat can't spell it between season k.
They're the same noise, so why should I?
Do you know the bcc- the bbc?
Why are you trying to make my n-chat?
I got confused for a second about letters.
Okay, let's just not explore whatever
Misfiring neuron that was all right
Let's send it off with one more letter letter
It's a video. Oh, no, I got letters on the brain now. What letter is my brain?
I'm gonna give it a D and be generous
Okay, I got a D brain D grade brain. Hell yeah, let's see what live in sleazy sinners
What?
Then can fish smile what the hell fish can smile now when did that happen I?
Thought their faces were always the fucking same like this, but now they're doing this. They're fucking evolving dude. That's insane
That one can smile it might just have a face like that. Nah, dude. His face went from normal fish to smile fish
After eating a sausage, which I also didn't think fish could do because then says pigs on land and
Fish is the sausage of the sea. Oh my god, it's cannibalism the world is so different. Yeah, Arlene you said it best
This world has changed used to be that the fish only had one expression
I thought well, I'm gonna wake up tomorrow and the fish can play Tetris
Probably not AI is crazy. Who knows what it can make fish do
I don't think the focus of AI is currently that fish centric, but
Sure a fish played Pokemon on Twitch wait is that real
Fish Pokemon twitch
Fish plays Pokemon. Oh
my god
What the hell there's no clips or videos in here though. I can't watch it at all. No
Fish plays Pokemon, maybe it's on YouTube. Maybe it's I gotta find this now a fish plays Pokemon. There we go. I find it
Twitch plays Pokemon was a huge huge event that a lot of people happen in the game
Controls on a game. Yeah, well, this is someone covering it but close enough and that will make
Whatever happen in the game and of course it is very very slow going though Grayson
Oh, and he's being cheered on by the stream of course or being accused of being dead
Which has happened several times including by me
So he's still in pallet town. Oh my god, he's been playing so long
He has a starter Pokemon. It's a charmander oddly enough
So he has a charmander which is a little confusing given that Grayson is obviously a water. Oh nerd alert by the way
TYT TYT has a has a gaming thing
This is also news to me. I guess this is a TYT product
which stands for
Tomorrow yesterday today
Actually think that's that'd be a nicer acronym than the sometimes
questionable history of the phrase the young Turks, but we don't need to get into that
Okay, let's not then
Anyway, a fish played Pokemon and I'd say that's a beautiful way to end things. You know this gorilla plays music. I
Did know that. Yeah
He does guys pretty good
Honestly, I'd say he's the best
He's the fucking best
And chat today, you're the best thanks for sharing all your videos the cream-tied team is where you can share even more go to the
Bend section and then go to the thread amongst the webs and there if there's any
Internet so you want me to see the host of the show forever
Well, I switched host but another failed audition apparently
Feel free to send there you can also submit your how-to's because we're gonna do their jeb's gonna say some shit pretty soon
But for now what I gotta say is adios y'all
You've been amongst the webs and now I return you out of the webs into also webs. Bye. Bye
to a news
Keep the news rhythm going
Then we'll go to some how-to's
News to how-to's
What else did I want to talk about today?
You know, it's not what I want to talk about. It's what the news is about. You know, Papito
Yeah
You look like chet for a second. I was chet for a second
He came over here to pet me and it asked me about my girlfriend
Is that your girlfriend? I don't know. I've never met
The dog he said that had half a face, but I like the sound of it
Half a face why waste all that rest of the face when you can have half a face
I'm liking the vibe. She's putting out or he I don't actually care. I hum. You there's I don't know where the dog is
I'll hum. I know you will
I hope floor I can't really stop you. I'm doing a show that you're supposed to be producing
I'm currently humming the floor. Oh, you're not you're too high up. Is this chair not the floor? No, it's a chair
Oh, I don't get it cuz I'm a dog. I
Know I know you are the cover an important story
Okay, Papito wants an important story. I don't know if this counts, but I'll we'll talk well
Maybe it does. I actually don't know anything about this story
But I saw it on the internet step today
And we'll see what the deal is it sounds a little worrisome for sure
We'll do not a fun story. Let's do a not fun story. Oh boy a story. That's not fun. Yeah
Everybody love that. It's probably sad
Mm-hmm. Yeah
Yeah
Anyway, the vice presidents aren't the only ones having fun on the campaign trail
There's other people talking and other things still happening. Let's bring someone over and do a little news
Did someone say real news nothing realer than me
Truly the only one qualified to talk about
More news
Everybody
Jeff Ripple and I'm rippling into this story today
That's the noise I make when I blah blah blah blah blah into a story. I just decided okay, that's see that can be your noise great
It is
anyway
Outrageous case of a journalist
The outrageous case of a journalist charged with a hate crime for recording a Gaza protest action
Does that count as a hate crime? They're saying it's outrageous that it does
Although I don't know the details of the story that does sound a bit outrageous or is it a hate crime?
Because sometimes I'll just when there's a bunch of kids on the street being loud
I'll take out my phone and I'll record I'll send it to my wife. I say commute ruined
Jeff that's not a very endearing story
What it's just a little puff on personal anecdote
Well look there's been some unfortunate
I would I would say there was an unfortunate statement from Kamala Harris on the campaign trail
That might be sort of covering coloring this covers just a little bit. You might have already seen this clip clip
But I guess we'll check it out
He intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis and he intends to end the affordable care act
You know what if you want Donald Trump to win then say that
Otherwise I'm speaking
That's steely look
Look at that look. She's staring him down. Oh
My she's looking down, but somehow it feels like her nose is pointing up
That's the longest applause break. I've heard in a while for
Telling people to stop complaining about a war. What are they cheering?
Or they'd like cheering shot the fuck up
It is borrowing wrestling chance
So for a little context there was a a protester
protesting
the war in
Palestine a pro-Palestine protester and that was her reaction
There's been a lot of like hey made over this over the last couple days
Well, obviously because it's so annoying when you're just trying to do when you're at work and someone brings up a hot button issue
Like the war war in Gaza. You're like come on man. We're at work right now
She's running to be president. This is a
It's about her job
Yeah, but it's so rude
like
Save that for private conversations like she's trying to do a job right now, but this would be part of her job
Jeff well, we're saying the same thing. I think no, I'm not saying the same thing as you well look
I think we can all agree
Protests are annoying and we should tell them to stop
No, that seems like the most appropriate place honestly to voice that message. He's in Michigan
Where there's actually a large Arab community? Oh
Oh, is there that's not an appropriate reaction Jeff?
I just didn't is there the others like a prince
It's enough of a community that it could potentially tip the whole election in one direction or another
This is you know a little too much here and I then that makes me not believe you. I don't know that much
I just I've read a little bit about this. So I know that at least
Were they doing a hate crime by protesting well that seems to be the implication of the media, but I'm saying they did not
Case keeps tabs on Arab populations. I don't I just keep tabs on the specific racial makeup of Michigan
That does not see that sounds bad and you're mad at Kamala for doing that. I
Just think I like you know
I there's people get thrown publicly if it's the like the extended long look and the tone is
Worrisome especially given that you know there's like an active massacre going on basically every day adopting that tone to someone protesting it when you're directly involved in
Supporting the administration overseas perpetrating that massacre and your reaction is just
Excuse me. I'm talking. It's a little fucking pathetic in my opinion
Well, fortunately, it's just cases opinion and so we can ignore it and move on
The outrageous case of a journalist charged with a hate crime for recording a Gaza protest damn it
We're back in the same subject. Yeah, that's what we're gonna talk about
All right
Well anyway for context the president of the vice president candidate for president just had an awkward moment in
relation to
Gaza issues is
an egregious violation of press freedoms and First Amendment protected activity a New York City video
Journalist of the video journalist was arrested on felony hate crime charges Tuesday for allegedly being present
During and documenting a pro-Palestinian protest action. Sorry pro-Palestine
According to the charges sam seligson
A credentialed independent videographer filmed a small group of people last June
Graffitiing the homes of the brooklyn museum's director president and two other museum officials pro-Palestine
Anti-zionist slogans spray painted messages and banners hung on the properties accused the muslim leaders of
complicity in israel's genocidal war on Gaza a week prior the museum had called in police and master to mass arrest protesters
Who had assembled inside its building to demand divestment from furlough holdings related to israel's war?
No one is suggesting that graffitiing private property is legal under new york law
Seglinson is not accused of spray painting or vandalizing any property
He is nonetheless facing charges for criminal mischief enhanced as as a felony hate crime
One other person alleged to have driven participants to and from executives homes is also facing criminal mischief
Hate crime charges the police are still looking for four alleged participants
How crazy was that graffiti?
My word, I mean, you know, I'm I won't weigh in on the
Morality of graffitiing people's houses, although I don't think that's the most serious crime
I it doesn't seem to be entirely clarifying what they were graffitiing it based on the description here
It sounds like they were just saying they're complicit
which
To me this so far from this story at least sounds like they're just kind of labeling
Um pro-Palestinian graffiti as a hate crime
Once again just trying to draw the illusion to
anti-semitism anyone
Anyone protesting on behalf of palestinians is being labeled as anti-semitic by certain sections of the media
But not by the media in this case in this case by law enforcement, which I would say is more worrisome
And it's even
Being transferred to people that are just videoing it in this case, which is in fact, I would agree
Um pretty crazy
Hmm
Maybe maybe what do we got to keep reading? What if the graffiti was like?
Like a borat move like borat stuff
If it was as anti-semitic as borat, I don't know if anti-semitism was exactly it was actually what was going on in borat
He's like super anti-semitic
Yeah, he is
The arabic character who's a bit of a cartoon
Live in sleazy had a friend paint a swastika on a mural on a school for mentally disabled kids as part of an attempted false flag
On the artist who painted the og mural
Throw the jew down the well. Yeah, I mean borat is the character is super anti-semitic. There's no debating that
But the movies effect. I don't know if it was necessarily spreading discomfort with jewish people
as much as it might have been
Middle-eastern folks kind of lumped together as one
idea
How'd we get on borat case?
You brought it up. Oh, yeah, I did bring it up shoot
To categorize the act as a felony hate crime is however itself a troubling overreach
The home of brooklyn museum director and post a posternac was not targeted because she is jewish
But because of the museum's leadership treatment of gaza solidarity protesters
Racist fish led us here
That's freaking fish the other homes targeted did not belong to jewish people
Even those who might disagree with the nature of the taxis cannot reasonably claim that the action was targeting individuals for being jewish
The targets were the homes of individuals and leadership roles in an institution that has been a site of anti-war protest
The suga to suggest the brooklyn museum's ties to israel and its military industrial complex somehow conferred jewish identity on the
institution's executives is a particularly offensive version of the common pernicious conflation of anti-zionism
With anti-semitism. Oh, they said the same thing as uk. So you called your shot
Well, you know
It's going on. So it's not hard to call
Yeah, it doesn't look like we don't we don't need to read the whole
article
I'm serious curious if we can find. Oh, it's red paint
This is the graffiti
Is red paint a hate crime?
Because it looks like blood
Is it a hate crime against vampires?
No, those are made up, Jeff
vampires are
That'll show somebody I guess
Yes, look at this vicious assault
Yeah, I get I'm not arguing. It's the most effective tactic
But it is
It is a little it feels like a bit of an overreach to call that a hate crime
There could be more graffiti that was more expressly anti-semitic. It doesn't sound like there is but
Tell that to the batman
It does he paint stuff red. He paints the town red
with the non
Fatal
beatings of criminals
It does have big pita energy for sure
Is this even the same thing? It's red paint. This is red paint on the entrance of the german consulate building as part of a pro-palestinian protest action
That is I mean
Hmm
Is it red is red paint considered anti-semitic because of
um
like
Associations with like nazis and red paint
I don't know see it could I don't want to discount that
It's possible. You could like have anti-semitic graffiti
I don't think even if it were though and it doesn't sound like it is. I don't think videoing people doing it
Um should should make you complicit in a hate crime. That seems pretty crazy
I'm Jewish and red paint isn't anti-semitic
Yeah, I'm just trying to imagine how you would like even make the case for like they painted
this german consulate red
Just I feel like the more the association there's just more blood on your hands kind of stuff
Bruce Wayne is funding the weapon development
So he is real the batman the batman is real
You wore a red shirt yesterday was I hate grinding you but just don't let anyone video you in it
or you'll both
Go to jail
Yeah
Anyway on the contrary
There's a public interest in ensuring that members of the press can respond to tips and cover stories without fear
That they will in turn face prosecution for their continued presence
It's very alarming wrote an advocacy group freedom of the press
Cops and prosecutors have dreamed up plenty of convoluted theories to criminalize journalism
The organization added that charging a reporter with a hate crime for documenting news has to be one of the most
Outrageous yet. They got the word back in outrageous. I mean I agree. This is it's pretty crazy
Hopefully
I guess he's just charged
I mean granted it's
Once you're charged even if you get off you have to go through an insane
Trial process potentially or at least have to hire a lawyer and spend a ton of money. So
Um, you know best case
He's getting just like taxed for doing ultimately his job
And the protesters, you know, you can disagree with their tactics, but it is also based on that picture
It is pretty crazy to call that a hate crime
Well
I hate working. That's not don't draw that illusion. Well, I'm just saying
It's five o'clock not here, but
It's close. It's already after five on the east coast. So
What do you say we get wasted away in Tyler read-a-ville, baby? I love this. So I'm gonna play it
You're done losing. I just feel I'm I'm gonna I'm good
It's not my job to break down the moral implications of stories case
It's to read them and I read at least 20 percent of it because I'm Jeff Ripple
And and and the opinions you have are actually the ripples and I get to bail without having to say anything
Which is what I'm gonna do now. Bye. Bye everybody
How to
Is a lot is on the docket
So let's do it if you have a how to you want to submit again that you do so at the cream dot team
Let's check in with jeb see what he's learned today
And honestly see what we can learn today. It's about learning together. Here's jeb
Great to see everybody. It's me. It's your pal Jeb
Hope everybody's having a beautiful day
I know I am because it's always a beautiful day to learn. Isn't that right dad? Yeah
That's my dad. He's trapped in the wood. Oh my god, that's right. I am
How are you doing currently working great to see you?
I'm currently working too working on learning something new
Would you like to work with me? I'll work with you son. I'll work out of the wood. Oh my god
I'm trapped in it. You certainly are and it's okay. Thanks, son
It's wholesome. There's no jeb emote
Oh
Is that a woody moat sort of in a roundabout way?
Did you know there's a guy made out of wood?
Me? No, he's alive. Oh, yeah, I'm dead too. You sure are dad, but it's okay
All right
He wish he had jet. Listen, I can we got it with a jet talk for five seconds. We love jet. We all love
Jet so put a nickel in the jet jar every time you bring them up that I put in a million nickels
I
Put in a million dollars worth that I put in every nickel there is
That is weird that case already had a wood emote
What are the chances
How to chest pop? All right, let's get into it
I need to learn some new skills somebody wanted me to learn something
How to protest or there's something else how to how to birthday?
There's something I was going to search for it was how to do something, but
Thanks, man
You think jeff is a piece of shit?
I didn't say it. I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't that'd be crazy to say because he's so good
Yeah, yeah, I just bats at that. I'm not saying it
Oh, you look really happy what apple. Nothing. You don't like him either. Whoa. Oh
That's funny because everybody does everybody does so I'm just laughing because it's not that I agree
Okay, how do you use a new style face mask for your skin?
Okay, let's check that out first. Let's see what the deal with that is
Do to do to do we're learning to
What the heck is this?
Why is it all sped up?
Wait, sorry, you can't see this very well watch the video after we get a little context for what the hell is happening
Influencers poop face mask alarms doctors people are getting too extreme on the internet
Influencers uses her own poop as a face mask. Can I show this?
You don't have to son
I just like to point that out not required to
Really five seconds of one minute nine
Doctors are poop-hoeing the feces face mask
Brazilian model deborah
Picsoto has been ripped by Maddox over a bizarre skincare routine that involves caking her face
In her own poop
Is that like liver king stuff where it's like?
I'm not really doing this. I just kind of want the views
Am I allowed to hope that that's what this is?
I guess let's watch the video um
content warning
This probably features a woman covering her face and feces
Which I don't think is good for your skin
I don't really have the skin anymore. So I don't feel like I should weigh in on this
That's true. I guess
I guess I I you know, I I my policy is I'll learn about anything. So let's learn
Oh, oh no, please tell me that's just blush
That's gotta be fake right this is just for the cloud. Well, whatever passes this cloud
Okay, well, I got it. We're not uh, the chat can't do that segment
I haven't met chat but out of his out of his own self-interest. I will not say the word that would summon him to try that
Because I don't think you would exclamation point zero play the audio again if you can jeb
I'll keep playing the audio if you like
Scary scary how fast she can talk. Is that what the poop does? I think you just sped it up jeb
Now I'm a child of the 70s and even I know that
I bet jet knows that. Oh no, dad's getting old jet. He's getting jet-pilled today
Dad stop getting jet-pilled. You're in the wood. Oh my god. I am that's a great point
Let's learn something else
Thank you for that live and sleazy. I'm never afraid to learn
And I do think I learned
That I would probably rather learn to chest pop
Then cover my face in my own shit. Is that fair? Am I being fair? I think that's probably fair
I just don't really want to cover my face in my own shit
Jet's fuel did melt steel beams. He does have some of the best fuel. He used to own several gas stations
But he's like, oh it's immoral
Not converting to ev stations
Well, why don't you sell me the gas stations that I could use some
He's got so many businesses
Yeah, he does but you know
Maybe live inside your means or
I don't need just all jet sign to shine up mine. All I need to learn how to do is chest pop
Top tips to give the best mind blowing blowjob. Wait, what? This is not chest popping
Wait a minute. Well, what did I click on? I swear I wanted chest popping
I can't watch another blowjob video
I'm gonna get in trouble
Sometimes I teach woodshop kids good classes to kids
Let's at least watch a chest pop video before we watch
The blowjob video
And I have to scan it to make sure she doesn't pull out a big hyper realistic dong
Because that keeps happening and it's gotta get us in trouble eventually I'd assume
Or maybe not. Anyway, let's learn how to chest pop first at least
Hi, I'm Sabina from King Fit. I'm a personal trainer and a dancer based here at the factory gym in London
And today I'm going to show you how to do a chest pop
Okay, okay, so first I'm going to give you a demonstration of the chest pop to the front. Here we go
And I'm going to give you a demonstration to the side so you can see the movement here. We come back in
Okay, so let's break the movement down. All right. What I want you to do is keep your shoulders back the whole time
If you keep your shoulders, I'm sorry. I'll keep it playing
Hold us back as your chest comes forwards. It gives you a appearance that you're actually doing much more movement than you need to make the effort to do
So quite helpful
What you're going to do is breathe into the chest and if we breathe in here and bring the chest forward is going to go
And you'll see the chest comes forward and that's part of our movement here
We're thinking about keeping the shoulders back as you breathe out the shoulders are going to come forwards and the chest is going to go back
Okay, and there's our movement really contracting in on the stomach there. So we breathe in
breathe out
And really think about as you're coming in squeezing the shoulders back squeezing the shoulder blades together
Behind your back. Let's put the movements together a little bit faster. We breathe in and out
and one more time breathe in
And out good once you've got that mastered obviously we can add some arms make it a little bit more interesting
If we bring the arms up
Elbows out to the side as you breathe in you're going to bring the chest through the hands we breathe in
And as you breathe out pushing the hands back together in the chest back
So one more time a little bit faster we come
Like that and then once you've mastered that obviously you can add more chest pups together putting two three four
Together to make it look better. So we're going to come in one two there and that's how to chest pop
I brought out some aggression in me. I think my anger lives in my chest
Give me a weird memory for some reason. No, you don't have memories dad. Don't worry. Okay good
Oh, well now we learned that I'd say I've found that flawlessly
It's fun to pop your chest
Okay, let me double check that she's just talking about blowjobs and not doing one
she is
Well
You never know what skills you might need to know. So sure. I mean, they're the best mind blowing brain
And I'd love to blow my brain so
Let's see what she's got to say
Is channel to women
That want to learn how to give the best
The best brain
I'm going to be giving you tips. Okay, that's really teaching you how to give brain
But I'm going to be telling you the basics or the necessary things you need to do or the things that people
Don't remember to do and you're going to give him a little boost on my jaw for this
Brain number one is get handsy
Anything you can do with your mouth and tongue you can do it with your hands. Oh, that's true
flexibility and dexterity
Play with your balls stroke their shaft with two hands
like this
Press your tongue onto the umperium
Uranium is the area
balls
and their
Annos and
I'm sure from this you're going to give him
The big hole number two moisturize
No one likes dry robe and friction during brain. So make sure that you use
I do like a wet brain or use edible loop on hand to help you easily
What does she got for us?
down and around the frenulum is the most sensitive part
along
with
The cup of the joystick. So give those parts attention. That is the most useful part of a joystick
around it
Above it. Okay, friend. I love them. Water
This creates a tight suction feel as you move up and down
Number five just add water take a big sip of water and let a little dribble out onto the cup
of their joystick
Whoa, what are your mouth as they bonus track?
Watch yourselves kneel in front of a full-length mural while your partner stands and watches
This is okay
Too hot for internet tv. I I'm getting embarrassed
It's natural son. It's just a little it's just a little brain
Oh dad, you didn't talk like this when you were alive, but I'm now a spirit unfettered by embarrassment
It's just a little sloppy brain between friends
Friends?
Sure, if your mom and I are out and the vibe's right with some of our oldest friends
Maybe we swap dad stop it
dad
What you're in the wood and forget everything. Oh, I am in the wood, but I remember everything
Everything about swapping with your beautiful mother. Oh
Oh my god. I'm in the wood. Thank god. He reset. Jesus christ
It's fine dad. Oh, okay
Well, anyway, friend a little water
Use your hands and make some suction. There you go
If I ever really need to I'll use it
I'll use it
It can never be too prepared for life
And now I know
Blackhead whitehead removal diy. Uh-oh
Put aluminum
oil in the toilet
But why? All right, let's learn why I guess
People did you did they say why to clean it? I'm just supposed to be amazed
Let's watch this at double speed
Oh, is this one of those asm re crinkle videos?
I need to urgently wash this video till the end. I need to urgently watch is that can I is that even a thing I can do?
Just like one of those videos where they make weird food
Yeah, I feel like the cops are gonna raid her at the end of this
That felt like the end of the video, but it's not I could watch this at like four times speed and it wouldn't make a difference
Oh two is the max too bad. The hell she's making an at-home puck. Okay
She's making a little little toilet biscuit
And I'm gonna be amazed at what happens. Oh, you put it up there
Oh, it's a bathroom bar. Wow. That is not a very clean
Amin
I'm not amazed what happened
Maybe I'll be amazed now
Oh the wafting was
Magic in the biggest on your life and never getting credit paid or even knew that existed. Ah, stop it
The wafting was a bit much
She wafted it in
You feel like buying toilet cleaner?
Pucks is cheaper and easier
if she did have a lot of ingredients in there, but
You know, sometimes you just can't beat homemade
And I just apply that to everything
Homemade cars
homemade booze
homemade guns
You know how to make a gun shed?
He could probably make a wooden gun that fires one bullet
Not very well, but if it's right up to a man's chest, it'd probably still work
Have you made a gun out of wood? No, I was saying theoretically you could
Anyway, I'm just saying homemade is fun. And that's why we learn maybe not the most practical, but
Produce more pheromones
There's a little bit of a sexual bend to that to today's stream, but that's okay
Let's uh, let's end with this. This could be useful for everybody
You've ever wondered
The majesty of pheromones attracting women with but an unsmelt scent
How do I do it? Well, we're about to learn here's how to attract here's how to produce more pheromones as a man
The ladies who knows good work for you too
He's pretty quiet
He's a little bit of a scientific shit, but all right here we go. Um, you know to this, you know, pheromones
The etymology of pheromones is a chemical release by an animal that causes you think this camera angles intentional
When you set up a camera, do you just you're like, I want to be in the very bottom of it
Anyway, this is a specific response when detected by another animal of the
He's reading the definition
So
basically
You want to be peacocking and shit, you know, I mean you want to be attracting the others to opposite sex
You want that I get that I respect that
You just need to develop yourself as a pure ford of alpha male. Yeah
Boost up with the toaster on
Yeah, stay on your purpose staying on your ground
Oh, and that is how you will release
those pheromones and attract women
Is what it is
now
If you click the link in the description box below where it says become a member of the acupuncture trust
You will get access to online courses such as roles and relationships
And that's where you're going to learn how to develop yourself as a far-rebred alpha male
Plus on top of that you get access to online courses such as career and business
And that's where you're going to learn, you know, what your true personalized mission and office and what your true
Purposes, yeah, be an alpha one that mission do what you need to do
So if you've got any questions any topics you'd have for us to discuss in our videos
Leave the end of comment section below and remember hit the subscribe button
Hit the bell notification because you never know the video you suggest might just be next while that was a long
outro was almost as long as
his description of how to release more pheromones
he talked about
Subscribing and becoming an alpha male via his courses so much longer than
He explained how I do that
Maybe not the strongest video
Fun fact the presence of pheromones and humans has never been proven. Oh interesting
Like that. I really need to produce more. I could be producing zero
And I've got to be a thoroughbred alpha male
Is that what he was saying?
What are you saying thoroughbred?
Like furrowing your brow and eating bread, maybe
Furrowbred alpha male
Is it a type of bread?
Thoroughbred. I think he meant thoroughbred
Am I thoroughbred daddy?
Oh, definitely not son
Not at all
We're diluted german stock
We're just a messy hia hodgepodge of
weird hookups resulting in you and then we just hit the lottery with jet for some reason
Oh
You're saying I'm not a thoroughbred?
Absolutely our plan makes bad decisions when coupling
But I not that I don't love your mom. It's just we were very careless
I mean we got pregnant we got pregnant within a week and then we had to get married Jesus dad. You've never told me that
You know on the back end when you're older you become comfortable with your sexuality
And then you explore mutually
Except that I'm in the wood daddy, please just
You are and it's fine and maybe forget the first 30 to 60 years of your life
That's most of my life jet
Thoroughbreds are probably very inbred
So maybe we maybe by being a little careless and reckless with our love
I'm not trying to treat ourselves like
human brood mares and stallions
That's the way you're really thoroughbred
And I'm gonna take it that way
I'm just saying I met your mother
at a bar next to
of uh showbiz pizza
Where I worked I worked at showbiz till I was 32 jet
I met your mom at a bar next to that that got shut down by the cops three days later
You never told me that story before now. That's beautiful
Thanks, jeb. I'm in the wood
Ah
Well, we learned a lot today. I learned some things I
I love to learn but some of those weren't skills some were just facts
And I don't need every fact dad. I don't need every fact. Okay
But you're never um
Apparently you're never too old to be horrified by some of the things you learn
But you're also never too old to learn a new trick and I'll see y'all soon. Have a beautiful one. Bye. Bye
You know
I've missed the I missed this one tamtrant donate of those five subs, but that pushes us
Well past our rick anthem goal
Uh gamer nerd, it's not your fault. I stream it incredibly inconsistent times
And thank you so much for the 19 months
Uh, great to see you. Hopefully this vaude won't get taken down if you ever want to catch the vods
They stay on twitch for a couple weeks and I'll so
Usually they're on my youtube
Um slightly less lately because they keep getting taken down for copyright strikes, but
What can you do?
Great to see you as well. Love you too. I love you. I love these people
Let's um, let's do a rick anthem. I guess
I guess rick gets an anthem
Whether he deserves one or not rick, uh get over here already here
Already here and ready to go
Rick reporting in to anthem
Okay for the record, this isn't singing. This is anthem, which is patriotic singing
Can be a little seditious
And I don't do sedition. I do anthem
Well, we wouldn't want to force you into a compromised position by doing something as
Potentially unpatriotic is singing rick. Yeah, please don't
Like others tear in the reality of this city behind me
Real american take it from hogan
Oh, okay, uh, how do you want to do this? Well, we may as well do the old flash poll here to decide
Be sure to get real american in there. Um, just you can say the title you could say the song that we want me to use
Um, what should rick's anthem?
be
Is the flash poll
exclamation point. Oh is how you add an option there
Oh shoot psychor
What should rick anthem's anthem really be? I don't know that probably won't trigger because this one already triggered
That's my bad
Well, the options are real american american badass, uh ricking all over the world
voodoo child and space jam dvd
I gotta set that up so you can't trigger that waste your points on that when I have one going
That's my bad
space jam dvd
I don't I don't exactly know how to even
What beat did peter get for space jam dvd? I don't know how to find that one
I guess I could just have him play space jam dvd every time he shows up
You want to waste your points? Okay fantastic
Well, shit, it's space jam dvd
To be clear for anyone that didn't watch the remount of g4
Um, I don't even know if that song is still up on youtube. It's probably probably is. Yeah, here it is
all right
G4 tv clips to the rescue
Space jam dvd space jam dvd space jam dvd
What am I supposed to do with this?
How do I it's an anthem case
a patriotic anthem
There's a soundcloth of it somewhere
We might just have to go with a different copyright free beat
And you have to somehow combine space jam dvd in america rick
Okay, well, um, I'll help you out rick
This is the one time I I still use chat gbt on this stream
So I'll help you out
I'll give it a flawless prompt. There's no way you're gonna top that by the way. What a classic shoutouts to peter barube
The og space jam dvd space jam gpt. That's pretty good. What I'm gonna
What are you gonna do? I'm gonna request that chat gpt do this for me. Please
Turn the national anthem
into a rap
um
About uh
Use lots of lyrics from the actual national
anthem but
But also talk about how
America is like a space jam dvd
to be clear
that's
a
dvd of the film space jam
starring
michael jordan
And bugs bunny. Great. I should do that, right?
Will it do that? What am I doing? You're doing a national anthem for yourself for america
and for space jam dvd
Oh man
I kind of thought I could just do like
Rockets red flare, but maybe occasionally I just say the word rick
That's not an option. No, you got to go to poll
Let me open up audition for you
This is for america
And for the democracy of chat
Shoot you guys did use democracy to make me do this
Usually you guys can't get anything done with democracy
That's the worst when you actually compel us
Be a democracy to do things
Well, mostly people don't remember how to do that anymore, but every once in a while something slips through and it is always such a bummer
fine
Seeing read by yonatan watts
Who we could liberate your bin polls. Maybe you just need a little
Deep state deep state protection of your
Flash polls case
Not that we would ever affect the the voting mechanism, but we could just ensure that there's a fair voting system in the first place
I think we're good. I think we're epipedos got it
Okay
What is seeing red? Let me see what this is in case it's a beat. I will use it
Oh, that's the beat. Whoa. It's so so much faster
Oh, it's because I still have things at two times speed
That makes sense
Okay, thank you for the thank you for the uh for the tip microphone 900
All right, sweet. So you can do it over the original
But this is gonna be weird because it's got tons of lyrics now
And mostly the the real vibe of the song is just saying space jam dvd a lot
Well, I got to talk about something because it's an anthem. You have to tell the story of yourself in america
But we both have the same weird hair thing rick
This is a patriot's throat
Like the greatest patriot of all alfalfa
The og was a duet off tiktok. I see well, this is close enough. This has to be I'm gonna I'm gonna say
close enough
All right, record this. I'm only doing this once
Just like america only did the revolution once
I
Will do this
One take flawlessly
All right, get me in here
Yeah, yeah
Whoo
Rick rick on the track
Pop it
In the air gave proof through the night that our flag was still there just like mj we rise in six high
Taking flight we will never shake goodbye now picture this it's a space jam night where the tombs meet the stars
Everything's just right from the hardwood to the sky. We got that game america's dream
We're on top of fame we rise like rockets reaching bump for the stars through the perilous fight. We've come so far
America's got heart like a comeback free. We're ballin like the tomb squad. This is where we'll be
Space jam dvd. What's that case?
space jam dvd
Fuck yeah, can't you see stars a stripe bitch space jam dvd
For the land of the free and the home of the brain from the first quarter to the last every point
We save like a dvd spinning never losing track. We got the space jam spirit and we're not going back
So the flag wave let that anthem play
We're ballin like a space jam every god damn single american fucking day from the court to the sky to the sea to the shore
America's to the game and you want some more? We're ready for the game and what is more for a fucking score
Check the fucking score rick off the poor rick
Keep it down the poor with a big state check the score rich infinite poor
Zero yes rick deep space hero here we go
space jam dvd
space jam dvd
The stars and stripes that I see
fucking space jam dvd
fucking space jam dvd
Spinning on the taxi
Like a space jam dvd
Rick keep it clean me
I love my country. Well, yeah way to go rick
That counts god bless america
I only did that because it's an anthem to be clear. I'm anti rap and anti music
That's where scrum and I actually agree
Okay, well, thanks rick. Thanks for um
Coming in with a track
It's not a track. It's an anthem
Okay, well, you know
potato patanthem
Cassio
I should call it for the day. I got other stuff to do. Okay well stay safe out there
You can't be at the original rockets red flare, you know the classics, but we did our best so
Keep doing your best out there too and just know
America's always got an eye on you. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye bye
honestly
Dude my rare compression
I'd say the real song he failed to live up to is the actual space jam dvd
Which is just such a banger. Probably the best thing to come out of the G4 revival was
Space Jam DVD, courtesy of Peter. Cycord, we can also someday decide what Rick's
anthem should really be. But for now, we're gonna go with that one. One of the
few non-parody caster songs. Haker butthole still holds up. I haven't watched that in a while.
It's hard to watch your own ass. Sometimes it's hard to watch back your own ass.
Okay let's see who's on. I gotta do a little bit of editing. I don't worry. I
won't get up from this computer. I'll just be doing something different on it.
Oh, Cass is on. Cass just got on. Perfect timing, Cass. Out of cream solidarity,
with a Cass is on, I got a rate of Cass. Okay, I think I should be on
tomorrow. Probably just do another new stream. Maybe I should finally beat. I
don't even think I could beat it in one stream. Elden Ring. I guess I could just
add it to the graveyard of games I'll never beat. Which is most of them. Although
I did beat Hollow Knight just off stream. Everybody have a great evenings.
Have some fun with Cass. Go Cass it up. We did beat Resident Evil 4. Maybe that's
the trick is I'll just beat Elden Ring two years from now. Have a great days.
Well, Matt, Dettles, Locopuppet. Love the hate. Greg to you MSG.
Subrichi, Liven, Sleazy. Thank you so much to the Master Mods.
Waco, Zart, Jaycredible. Everybody in chat. Thanks for hanging out. Say hi to
Cass for me. It's a Rick raid. It's not a Rick roll. It's a Rick raid. And
you can let Cass and think that's whatever. Whatever Cass wants to think it is.
Okay, bye everybody. We'll talk to you soon. See you tomorrow. Wee.
Lupita, what did you think of Rick's thing? What?