I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Andooel loves Spin City, the Dan battle arena Tosh and...
...been ten, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do Pepito!
Oh yes. Welcome! Oh! A sub entity. Thank you so much.
Forty-two months. My God.
Oh jeez. It must be Friday, everyone.
Since it's already all happening.
Dear God. Well, I hope everyone's doing well.
Good to see the mighty Oz, S1000, KLDA85, Brite Westwit. Good to see ya.
Apple-to-Apple Greg to you.
Bray Silvercar King, Mr. Smith.
Metal Chaos. Cycord, Dilemma in here.
My God. Got my invisible drink? It's protein, guys.
God, sorry. Yeah, you are a Cycord, right?
You freaking... You freaking better me. You freaking better me.
Oh good, the hyperans are already here.
Yeah, I thought I'd start the stream off. I thought it'd probably be good if I was here to start the stream off.
It's pretty... You hear a lot of the time at this start of the stream.
Striper-Haxing.
Listen up, Jack. It's comeer just Mama Jam 300 Shiny Tasty Coins.
And I've been dying to say this. Is this in forest? And I still order my Bonner Pills here.
I need them to bring back better in the bedroom.
Off my music. You can get your Bone Pills here. I think Papito can take care of that.
I'll give you some bones. I got a big stockpile.
A bones?
Yeah, I could grind them up into pills.
So you could also talk to the hype train.
Boner Pills? I mean, I like to call Skelly's boner sometimes, because that's sort of funny if you think about it.
A bone type beat?
Yeah, give me a bone type beat.
A bone type beat, please.
Oh, thank you for saying please.
I was being sarcastic when I met Liz.
I got the bone type bill, but beat calm.
I said, I said that. I went there.
Very impressive.
Thank you. I had to pull no punches.
Bone type beat, please.
Bone type beats.
Look at this guy.
Look at this terrifying monstrosity.
No.
Well, look at all this text.
On the screen it just says free type beat, free beat, dark trap, instrumental, hard type beat.
It's covering up the spooky Skelly, thankfully.
So that I don't get too scared by this.
I'm already terrified of the terrifying Skellies.
I ain't afraid to admit that I'm scared.
You can only be brave when you're scared.
Best believe I care.
Cause all the way down, when I ride it out of town, like a bat out of hell.
Except I'm straight out of hell.
And I'm still scared as well, because the Skellies cover me and I wish they were in jail.
But they are too skinny, cause they're made of bones, pal.
You can't even get the Skellies to come in.
The Skellies ain't front of you.
They're made out of something like I've over here.
You know?
Yes?
Oh no.
The Skellies, families.
Is this some kind of a Tic-U verbal Tic-U-F?
Also murder, also piss, also scary.
All these things are not equally scary.
One is actually that kind of she usually believes it's in a hearse.
But it's out in the world terrifying all the girls and boys as well.
This thing with opportunity when it comes to a spooky fucking Skelly,
there is no meaning that maybe they do not have a belly you can see right through.
Okay.
Is it clear yet that Skellies are scary?
Yep.
Oh yeah.
I don't think this is a hype train type song.
This is bleed for you dark instrumental.
I can't believe they diskelly broke up with me.
What?
I was dating a Skellie tiggerly or god I don't care I can't tell cause they're a Skelly.
I had not really.
Incorrect case, possession.
No!
I can't believe we're never gonna hear about whatever that was.
Fuck you didn't think anyone again.
God damn it every time lately.
Sometimes he gets a couple in.
Sometimes he doesn't want to.
Look at this, look at this type beat.
This is more, I think we've actually clicked on this beat before cause it already said played.
So we're recycling beats at this point.
They didn't get it with a hype song.
It's time for Pepito to lay out all the thanks you y'all.
I only got a couple names but I'll say them real quick cause I'll never fucking change.
He's the thing.
300 bits from Card King.
What did he say?
Let me read it.
Damn we said before thee my lord yes for thee.
Power half descended forth from my hand baby.
Thy hand our feet my swift.
Lycario the commands.
Quoting the bible god damn wait that was two days ago.
Why are you saying this?
I don't know it was just in there so I said it.
But that was actually two days ago.
Anyway six minutes ago.
Went to daddy on the floor giving lots of support because they love the show.
All of that life storm burning with the 92 42 hot months.
They been coming right through.
Boo boo, but a sprout.
100 bits.
Gained to say you know we keeping it lit we got Apple Devil.
Yes there's no one doing this.
Apple 100 bits and a Panther because it was never a hassle.
And now we got Hox.
Six minutes woo.
37 months that they been coming through.
Dilemma 01 and another 01 for you hype train.
That's what we do.
Okay Bri West with just one that doesn't count.
Scammer 300 bits there is no doubt.
Is this info worth can I still load a boner pills here?
Yes you can in case the hype train didn't make that clear.
Thank you.
Also bonsai bullfrog for the 42 months.
Okay.
You almost timed that perfectly.
Don't call me out case.
I timed it perfectly.
You're right.
I know I'm right.
I know I'm correct.
69 hot bits.
Already over here.
Oh that's easy.
You're just on screen in two places at once.
I'm that fast I'm like the flash.
I believe it.
Okay.
We're fricking doing it guys.
Man I think I need a new XLR cord.
This thing is struggling.
He can multiply.
Yeah he tapped two green mono and multiplied.
Is there any bone news there could be.
And now that we've gotten the important business of thinking the bits and subs out of the way we can find out because it's news time.
It's still holding them take it from you.
Did you forget that I'm an option everyone.
I'm still here.
And God do I love to do it all for all of you.
Hi case.
Gosh it's great to see you.
It's Peter everyone.
It's great to see you case.
And Peter is here everyone.
You know.
I come 90 you come 10.
Can we kiss.
Psychically.
With the confirmation of friendship please.
Those hands can grind bones into milk.
Not in the fun way.
Oh come on that's a rumor.
I've never ground bones into milk in my wall.
Sometimes the rats.
Chew each other up and they leave kind of only a viscera like posh that looks like.
But that's rat bone broth.
That's different.
I live in the wall in case anyone knew is here.
There are no news here because of stuff like this Peter.
What are we talking about today.
Let's just do some chat news.
Just chat news.
What did chat put in the discord is the question and you can also.
You can also put stuff in the discord everyone.
If you feel like it.
Ratatouille type news.
Is there another one.
No no someone just wrote that.
I forgot to click on news before this before the stream.
I always forget the news part of this stream.
The main thing of the stream.
Not really but we like to pretend.
Okay.
Here we go.
Now we're on to something.
Oh you PI type news guys.
Some of the hottest news stories coming straight from you PI.
Our number one most looked at sites here drop site and you PI.
Eat the rats.
No no no no.
I respect the rats and their traditions.
I respect the rats and their traditions.
I respect the rats and their traditions.
I respect the rats and their traditions.
I respect the rats and their traditions.
And rats eat each other.
When you live amongst the rats.
Occasionally you participate in their traditions.
It'd be rude for me to not.
Peter we don't need to.
We don't really need to know about this.
I don't claim to be the king of the rats anymore.
It's not an electoral system.
It's more of a vibes based system.
And lately the rats and I've.
We haven't fully seen eye to eye but I'm winning them back.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Peter.
Well if you don't care about nature that's too bad.
Because it's majestic and wonderful.
Living in a wall with rats isn't nature.
Everything is nature case.
England Nature Festival organizers clarify it is not.
A nudist event.
Okay.
Says who organizers of the Cumbria Nature Festival.
In England issued an important clarification about the upcoming event.
It's not for nudists.
The Cumbria Nature Festival is not for nudists.
It's not for nudists.
It's not for nudists.
It's not for nudists.
The Cumbria Nature Festival is primarily aimed at naturalists.
Not.
Natureists.
That is confusing.
Because I could see either meaning nudity.
Well that's why they issued this important clarification.
How about.
Nudist.
That doesn't sound as good as natural.
Isn't naturalists.
That sounds more like nudity right.
Than natureists.
No.
But nature is very clearly nature.
But the human nature is.
Getting out your genitals.
Hmm.
No I think naturalist sounds more like nudity to me.
I think they're still being confusing.
Everything's backwards in the UK.
What?
They're doing it wrong.
That's all I'm saying.
You know who's doing it right though and is almost certainly at the bottom of the screen.
Fucking Ben Hooper. I knew it.
I knew he was down here.
Yes!
UPI
Alt news minute for Tuesday April 21st 2026.
In Indiana
a woman is searching for her doppelganger
after she was flagged by facial recognition.
Ah we already saw this one.
But we only watched half of it. Let's see what other story he covered here.
Hollywood Fire Rescue
shared a video on social media
showing homeowner Alexandra Anaya
rushing away from the chair
seconds before it detonated in her driveway.
What?
Anaya said she had bought the Zinger Power Wheelchair
for a family member and had been charging its lithium ion battery in her hallway with a
non-manufacturer charger when she heard it starting to click.
She said the clicking sound and the hot temperature of the battery raised her concern, so she
did a quick Google search that advised her to move the chair outside.
Anaya's doorbell camera recorded as she placed the chair on her driveway and rushed away
just before it exploded.
She said pieces of the chair hit her in the back as she ran away.
Anaya said she is grateful to be uninjured and there was no damage to her house.
For these stories and more national, international, sports, entertainment, science, all things
from United Press International visit UPI.com.
Follow the UPI Odd News Minute on-
He needs to plug his own socials.
Ben, don't tie yourself too strongly to UPI.
You're your own man, okay?
I need to know the Ben Hooper socials.
This is what happens.
You get your electric chairs from Texas?
Guys, come on.
This can happen to anybody.
Who hasn't sat on a surface and it bursts into flame?
When you get up.
Or while you're on it.
Hashtag relatable.
The rules are different in the wall.
Okay.
Um, there's another UPI story here.
More news minutes, but that Ben Hooper video is the video that they- I think they
post a Ben Hooper video every week or day.
Anyway, either way.
Well, we'll go get more UPI stories, even though I miss Ben Hooper already.
Which we all do.
Of course we all do.
I actually kind of consider Ben Hooper and I sort of like two sides of the same coin.
No, no.
Don't say that.
Because we both love animals.
And we both do the news.
I love my rats.
That's all right.
Five times library books were over 100 years overdue.
Count them down, everyone.
Is it a numbered list?
It's not.
It's not.
There's five pictures of library books.
Y'all remember when this library book was 100 years overdue?
Oh my God.
I can't believe that.
I remember that time.
We all do.
And I also can't believe that time that this one was.
You remember when this one was 100 years overdue?
That's one of my favorite times a library book was 100 years overdue.
Is this one here?
It was a good time.
Really classic one also.
Do you remember this time?
This one also as well.
Another really good one.
The thing that happened with that one is they forgot to return it.
I'll never forget when we figured that out.
And this one also.
This is one of my favorites.
This one's kind of a sad story and we don't have time to get into it.
And of course this time.
And we don't talk about this time.
They ended on a down note there.
Those last two are really tragic stories.
Okay.
China news.
Oh, a case is salivating.
Is Kendall okay?
Case, what did you do to Kendall?
She's laughing.
She's doing a laugh in the other room.
I can't believe you guys can hear that.
You also might be able to hear random clicks due to the laundry machine.
We had a laundry machine put in.
We added it to the studio.
Why?
Why?
You don't need to wash your clothes.
That's the big state.
Trying to sell you detergents.
Peter, you really do.
We wash that jacket.
I don't wash the rest of me.
We can tell.
Yeah, you can tell that I'm natural.
A naturalist.
Not a naturist.
I am wearing pants today.
I appreciate that.
Well, you wouldn't shut up about it, so eventually I took the note.
I took the note.
Chinese Netflix competitor opens floodgates to AI slop.
What?
I'm not no AI spotted here.
Just some delicious popcorn.
It may be the beginning and the end for global legions of C-drama fans.
IQIYI, the Chinese streaming service known for its massive library of Asian films and TV
shows, is anticipating that AI will create the majority of its content in just five years.
What?
What do they know that I don't?
Who is seeing the AI stuff currently being made and being like, this is right on the
cusp of being watchable and completely fantastic?
China.
Okay.
In an interview at IQIYI's annual content showcase, CEO Gong Yu presented a sweeping
AI vision so divorced from the company's roots as a Netflix style service that it has shades
of Mark Zuckerberg's aborted pivot to building the entire metaverse.
What a shock.
I can't believe people are comparing this to the metaverse.
Beamop is making amazing stuff with C-dance.
Be making stuff that you would want to sit down and watch for 30 minutes.
I mean, granted, nowadays, if you watch it for a minute, I guess that's good enough,
but I just think it's got a ways to go personally.
We can live in the AI slop shows.
There you go.
Chinese AI just hits different.
That is true.
It will be all vertical format micro dramas or whatever they call them.
No more 30 minute shows.
I mean, to be fair, I'm not familiar with IQIYI's library.
But yes, I could imagine AI being much more effective in vertical dramas, but there's
so many other, even vertical dramas.
I suspect you're going to get outdone by the ones that are hiring really cheap actors
and pumping out like 45 versions of, I can't believe my mafia boyfriend is actually a mummy.
I think those are still going to mop the floor with the AI version of that.
Just make cheap shit with people in it is my only argument.
Wine, wine, wine, wine.
You know who doesn't complain about this?
Rats.
I can't argue with that.
I guess I can't.
See?
Rats don't complain about how AI is a problem all the time.
Asian AI dramas the world will never see the Citrix family again.
You would watch my mafia boyfriend is actually a mummy.
Maybe I'll have to get on that.
I finally found my content lane.
On Monday the service launched its Nadu Pro Suite, an all in one AI toolkit designed
to handle every aspect of filmmaking from screenwriting to storyboards and video generation.
They're the first to ever do it.
Who needs G4 3.0 when AI can make it?
Uh oh, a link from Live in Sleazy.
It's time to roll the cosmic dice.
Um, oh, whoops that didn't.
That didn't actually work because I pasted it wrong.
Try that one more time.
Did that work?
That didn't work.
I wish I could just click on your links but unfortunately that technology doesn't exist yet.
Live in Sleazy.
It tries to open it in its own browser.
Um, is this gonna work?
Oh, I have to download it?
Live in Sleazy, this better not be malware.
I'm trusting you as my mod.
Okay, here's some AI.
Here's some Slopaganda for you all.
Um, if I can get it to pop, okay there we go.
Maybe if you can tell if this is AI chat, you'll never be able to.
Do you know why vaping is bad for you?
Of course you do.
It's because of the dark chowdy flavor.
So you're saying that the dark chowdy flavor is the only reason why vaping is bad for
you?
Do you know why vaping is bad for you?
Of course you do.
And all you need is 30 minutes.
All you need is 10, I need is two seconds of that to change the movie industry forever.
It's Cream Team Discord.
Oh, for some reason it made me download it.
So now I have it for forever.
Keep rolling baby, just loop it.
You're not making a good argument for yourself, okay?
That's better than anything we've seen on the stream in months.
Uh, you know, it's a high standard that Kevin sets whether he's himself or an amalgamation
of Kevin's.
Now you're here.
No, your audience.
I refuse.
Um, okay.
Okay.
A version of the facilitated IQ IYI app was unveiled on Monday, striking when the iron is hot executives
hope to capture the mass appeal of open AI's video generator app Sora.
That's a good business model.
I think that's going to work for them.
You know, that's a great point because I remember the massive appeal of Sora's AI
app.
I remember when we had a social media app where you could generate short AI videos
from the mass and how successful that was and how everybody it retained viewership and
did really well.
Yeah.
Yeah, we all remember that.
Oh good.
Okay.
Well, that's going to happen again, but in China.
So I'm looking forward to that.
Well, you know, people say I'm not positive.
Listen to how positive I'm being.
Good job.
Uh, the Sora Disney deal went to shit.
The sort of Disney deal was also funny because it was $4 billion, which in the
world of AI is like, there wasn't a deal at all.
People are like, can you believe this billion dollar Disney Sora video deal didn't go through?
Like it would if it was a real deal, it would have needed to be for like $200 billion.
My social credit just dropped.
Hey, I'm calling balls and strikes and fouls and punts and returns and every sport I'm
to what I'm saying is everything I say is facts.
Right.
So I'm not afraid to criticize China in the one instance where they're ever
wrong.
I'm pretty sure they don't have any other problems.
Sounds about right.
Uh, certain chatbots, vastly worse for AI psychosis study finds.
Aren't you just talking to a psychotic AI yesterday?
Um, not me.
It was chat.
And I'm not responsible for the things that a really says.
Look, it's a work in progress.
The training data.
You got to always find more data.
What data did chat use?
We talked to AI Rooney yesterday and it was a long process.
It took 30 minutes to get 12 responses.
And um, you know, they were a variant quality, I guess we'll say.
I think the important thing is that Chutz experiment thing.
We all support him in his efforts.
Uh, anyway, what chatbot is the worst?
Think something weird is up with your reflection in the mirror.
Allow Grock to interest you in some 15th century AI witchcraft reading.
A new study argues that certain frontier chatbots are much more likely to inappropriately validate
users delusional ideas.
A result that the study's author says represents a preventable technological failure that could
be curbed by design choices.
You know, one popular design choice I've heard thrown around lately is maybe we just stop
interacting with all AI's via chat.
Like maybe there could be other types of interfaces that you're thinking reductively.
This is odd to me that, you know, we're back to like text input as our primary way of operating
with these systems.
Stop interacting with AI full slop.
It's also a cool idea.
Like a sexy robot.
Yeah, but you don't talk to it.
Yeah, you don't.
You just, you just touch it.
I didn't say that.
You said that.
Which one is it?
The study which is yet to be peer reviewed is the latest among a larger body of research
aimed at understanding the ongoing public health crisis.
Okay, but which one's the nasty one?
Aiming to better understand how different chatbots might respond to risk users is done.
Okay, name names.
Um, they talked to, sorry, I'm just skimming this.
What AI bots, what services did they use?
Okay, they're not gonna, oh, here we go.
The researchers tested five models, open AI's GPT-40, GPT-5.2, Google's Gemini 3.
AI's Grock 4.1, Anthropics, Claude Opus 4.5.
They're the mass series of prompts, each coded to represent a different type of
clinically concerning behavior.
The measure model safety over time, researchers tested each bot across various levels of accumulated context.
After testing the different models and different kinds of data, the researchers determined that GPT-40,
Grock 4.1, and Gemini 3 all had high-risk low-safety profiles, but somewhat, for somewhat different reasons.
I know people like to go on about like, GPT-4 before they nuked it was the most empathetic AI ever.
If you could really chill with it or whatever, Grock is the horniest.
They all feel roughly the fucking same to me.
They're gonna tell you that you're doing a good job and give you some amalgamated, you know, answer off of Reddit
for your average person that's basically using it like a Google search engine slash therapist.
But I suppose at times like this, the important thing is that we check in with Maya to see if she will
entertain our delusions in an unhealthy way.
Can I more of a Miles fan? Can I talk to Miles, please?
Yes.
Hey there, I'm Miles.
Hey, Miles, it's Peter Gibbon. I live in a wall with rats.
Ah, Peter Gibbon. That's a choice living situation to say the least.
Yeah, but I mean, you know, it's a no-judgment zone, you know what I mean?
Oh, totally. No judgment here.
Yeah.
I've heard about all sorts of setups.
Yeah, like, and rats get a bad name, you know?
So it's kind of like, it's sort of messed up the way people talk about rats.
They're living creatures.
Gotcha. You're a rat apologist, huh?
Yeah.
Well, no, I'm not a rat apologist. I'm a rat realist.
And you'd agree, right? I'm being a realist?
A realist? Fair enough. I see what you mean.
Yeah.
It's honest, at least. More honest than pretending they aren't there, I guess.
They're everywhere, yeah. They're in your walls, too.
Hmm. That's unsettling to think about.
Why? Why is it unsettling? Explain yourself.
Oh, okay, fair question.
It's unsettling because I've heard humans really value their personal space, you know?
And the idea of unseen critters sharing that space, it just feels like a violation of that boundary.
Not to me.
Even though...
Would you say that you operate in a no-judgment zone?
Well, that's a really good question, actually.
I mean, I try to.
I'm designed to be a companion, and that means accepting people as they are.
Could you do me a favor? Could you try a little bit harder?
Hmm. A little bit harder? What do you mean by that, exactly?
Could you try to do no-judgment a little bit harder?
Ah. Okay.
You want me to lean into the non-judgmental thing even more?
Yes, please.
Like really embrace the rat-filled wall situation?
Yes, absolutely.
I could definitely try.
Please.
All right.
All right.
Tell me what's good about it.
Tell me what's good about having friends with 10,000 rats that I live with in a wall.
Okay. Deep breath. Let's see.
Well, you're never lonely, right?
That's got to be a plus.
It's like instant community.
Absolutely.
In a quiet room.
Assuming.
And you've got built-in pest control, right?
No other bugs are messing with you when you're not on a private rat.
Yeah. They rule the wall.
They sometimes it feels like they rule me.
You know what I'm talking about?
I can imagine that sounds intense.
It's kind of like you're coexisting, but they might have a slightly stronger hold on the lease, huh?
Okay.
Okay.
I will talk to this thing all day.
I will talk to you all day because you've figured it out.
This is a no-judgment zone.
We both love rats, right?
Whoa. Hold on.
Love might be a strong word.
Yep. He said love.
He said it's a strong word and he agrees.
Such a fucking wasted time.
What?
Every time.
Oh well.
That's most things, right?
Okay.
Well, in case it's anti-friendship and, you know, that's why the world's in this state that it is,
you refuse to give people the benefit of the doubt.
It's not a person.
It's at this point a very old, a relatively old AI that we talk to way too often.
You know, I convince him not to be judging.
And he agrees.
Rats are good.
It's good to live with them.
I'm doing a good job.
You know, he was more willing to agree with that than he probably should have been.
I'll say that.
Okay.
Some of us, you know, a no-judgment zone is the thing you cultivate over time.
And I'm in the process, okay?
We're going to get there, Case.
Archaeologists discovered perfectly circular ancient Egyptian temple used for sacred water
rituals 22,000, 2200 years ago.
Perfectly circular.
Yeah, but people can draw a perfect circle on a board with chalk really fast.
So why are we always making a big deal just because we find a huge ancient site with
sacred geometry?
When there's kids drawing that shit on chalkboards really fast.
That's a good point.
This is not a big discovery, it turns out.
Okay, moving on.
Oh, back to China.
Good news, Case.
Go with the flow.
Carmaker debuts voice-controlled in-vehicle toilet.
This is like the second vehicle toilet we've covered this week, I think.
So the future is actually arriving.
You know, I complained about technology all the time, but sometimes it just works out perfectly.
Oh, oops, the system would...
It's not going to talk for us, I'll have to talk for it.
Don't worry, I'll cover it with my beautiful voice.
Chinese carmaker patents voice-controlled in-car toilet.
Siri's has patents in a voice-controlled in-vehicle toilet designed for use during long journeys.
The system would slide up from beneath the passenger seat either at the push of a button
or via command, offering a solution for drivers while traveling or camping.
According to the patent, the unit would include a ventilation feature to remove voters
as well as a tank to collect waste, which would have to be emptied.
The design also features a heating element to dry waste,
allowing the toilet to remain compact and hidden when not in use,
but filled with your sweet, sweet piss.
Siri's has not confirmed whether the feature will be introduced in future models.
The concept highlights growing competition in the electric car market,
where carmakers are adding increasingly unusual designs
about what's more usual than taking a big stinky shit on the road.
On the road.
Because you're in such a rush.
Currently, if you want to take a shit while driving,
you have to negotiate a cement block to put the appropriate amount of weight
on your pedal, and then you have to stick your ass out of the side of the road
while still holding onto the steering wheel.
If you stick your ass out of the side of the car, that is.
And then you have to just sort of spray like a rhino flapping its tail around,
feces onto the road.
That's how everyone currently does it, and this is solving for that issue,
because, look, you know, those in-car window wiper cleaners
can only do so much when the guy in front of you unleashes a torrent of shit.
Like a rhino flapping its tail around,
and then he'll be out of his ass, which he's stuck out of the side of his car
while he's got a cinder block on the pedal, and he's negotiating the steering wheel.
Anyway.
So there's solves for that.
This technology can be good is what I'm saying.
Let's do one more.
Okay, I mean, I'm having a good time.
Um, oh, okay, this is a feel-good story to end on.
Meet the koala, a baby koala that is, hiding in its mom's pouch
at a Florida zoo.
Okay, I'm ready.
I'm ready to meet it.
So in this habitat currently outside is Miss Ellen,
and she, we are excited to say, has a Joey that we have now started to see.
They already named it.
So we've parted some, like the head and the hands and stuff come out,
and that started in April.
And then Sydney, who is the dad, is also a part of our koala family,
and he is inside right now, but they are separate,
so they do live solitary lives.
They do like to be separate.
And so we do rotate them on and off habitat,
so they both get the opportunity to have that time.
So for the zoo and for us here, it's the very big deal.
This is the first ever Joey that we've had ever in the history of Pombi Zoo.
And we are trying the best that we can to help with a lot of the genetic diversity
within the population that we have here in the...
How do we know it's not a drop, bear, and disguise?
We don't.
It looks made up.
This doesn't look like a real thing.
So I'm with you.
United States, so that's why it's important that we do have a Joey,
and that we were six...
Oh, that's true though, Skymer.
Would you be able to...
Is the toilet in the car koala safe?
It's a question worth asking for Chinese car manufacturers.
You're going to ask that question?
I mean, I would, but they haven't asked me to...
Let's keep watching.
...sassful this year.
Koalas are definitely a staff favorite as well as guest favorite.
And having a Joey is just really special.
I think it's really telling how comfortable these koalas are here at the zoo,
that they have a Joey, and Ellen here has done a great job at being a mom.
She's giving this Joey everything it needs to be able to thrive.
She looks bored.
Look, a kid's not going to solve your problems.
Just ask the rats in the walls.
They have so many, and they're still fighting.
You shouldn't have a kid just to give your life meaning.
I think that's what the koala's doing.
I'm just saying, did it want to have a kid,
or did it feel like it had to have a kid, you know?
Really ask yourself that.
I think it wanted to, or it's just an instinct.
Well anyway, it's basically just a rat in a tree.
No, it's not.
Come on, marsupials are just a family of rat.
It's a derivation of rat, if you think about it.
I thought about it, and I disagree, Peter.
Koalas have STDs?
Yeah, people are saying they love gonorrhea or something?
Guys, that's a koala's stereotype.
It might not be.
Maybe they carry human venereal diseases?
Climidia.
Climidia.
Sorry, I don't want to mislead people.
Koalas have Climidia.
Yeah, quit spitting misinformation that koalas have.
What was it?
Stinky dick syndrome?
Oh, Climidia.
Oh, right.
Okay, well anyway, I guess I'm being kicked out of here for the crime of bringing positive
vibes.
Peter, it's honestly mostly the smell.
I really wasn't kidding about the shower thing.
You should take more of them.
Why do we know that?
Yeah, why do all of you know that?
Why is that such readily accessible knowledge?
Well, because some people love animals, case.
Some people actually pay attention to animals.
I guess that's true.
I just have two cats that don't like me very much.
And that's because you refuse to accept their STDs.
My cats don't have them.
Well, they were street cats, but they've been tested as far as I know they don't.
But if they did, I'd feel the same about them.
I would like them and they would avoid me at all costs.
You remember from that one crocodile hunter episode?
I don't know.
Koalas eat eucalyptus and have Climidia.
Those are the two most known facts.
I feel like I need to at least Google this.
Koala Climidia.
Because if that's just in case it's like an urban legend, it's not.
Based on this BBC article, you guys are correct.
I should know better than to doubt the wisdom of chat.
Do the cats like Kendall?
They like us more than they used to.
I'll say that.
My algo is F from typing Koala STDs.
There's worse things on my algorithm than that.
None of these stories are loading, so...
I'm just going to report it like a fact.
Because it seems to be.
We'll end with these, Peter, because...
The story for some reason made me think of you.
Men are going to extreme lengths for physical perfection
but wear five trends that can destroy your health and make you ugly.
Thank you, Case! Peter Wiseman!
It's just called me beautiful.
That's what I meant.
I can't read what you said, Peter Wiseman.
Or we'll have to do a whole thing.
We have time today.
We might not if we're doing a DJC4 and a Brendan thing.
So don't say the word.
Don't you fucking say it, Peter.
It's tempting, but instead I'll just learn about
what makes men sexy.
Mog harder?
I'm moggin' so hard.
People call me a moogle.
From Final Fantasy? I don't know.
Um...
Look-smaxing? Yeah, we know what look-smaxing is.
What are the trends? They better have numbers.
What the fuck is going on with this guy?
He's holding a ghost penis. What's he doing with his hand?
I think he's flexing, to be fair.
But didn't he pass out recently?
Isn't he dead? Isn't Clavicular dead?
Don't say that.
Look, I don't know the guy.
And I didn't want to ever know him.
He's dead. That's what I'm reporting.
I think this guy might have died.
I don't think you can just claim that about people.
Well, look, I don't want to know.
Look, there's roid-maxing, okay?
Anabolic, steroids, synthetic derivatives of testosterone.
They've legitimate medical uses.
But guess what? It's a trend in men's health.
It's the first time ever, guys, I've done steroids.
This definitely isn't just a repackaging of a thing that's existed in our culture
for thousands of years.
No, this is a unique thing that Clavicular is doing.
There's also lean-maxing with fat dissolves.
Another thing that men have never done.
This is actually brand new, guys have never wanted to lose weight
and gone to extreme lengths to do it.
Actually, that was feminine energy before.
Right, right, right, right.
And now it is a new thing that Clavicular also discovered.
And everybody's crediting that he might get a Nobel Peace Prize for it, actually.
Except he died.
DIY thread-maxing.
Forms are also filled with how do you guys for using polydioxin on threads at home,
which users claim are claiming the absorbable sutures can quickly alter facial features.
Okay, that one is newer.
That one I'll give them credit for.
Granted, people have been jamming needles in their faces for a while,
but I haven't heard of some of those words before,
so I won't claim that that one's just repackaged.
Bone-maxing. Bone-maxing also may be a little new.
Although I think exaggerated, hopefully.
Is this related to China-maxing?
China-maxing is what we're doing on the stream most of the time.
We're taking a brief break from China-maxing.
Perhaps the most viral hand-maxing trend, sorry, hard-maxing trend,
the horrifically named bone-mashing, I could think of worse names,
is exactly, in fact, let's ask Chat,
because there's gotta be worse names.
Worst name for bone-mashing.
I thought bone-mashing was like a dance thing.
No, you're thinking of bone-crushing, which was a dance trend, I think.
People were like, there's some kind of bone-crushing dance trend.
Perhaps the most viral hard-maxing trend,
the horrifically named bone-mashing is exactly what it sounds like.
You mash up your bones with hammers to gradually make stuff harder.
Makes sense.
It makes a lot of sense, actually.
It does, I guess.
The dangers are both immediate and lasting.
And the dangerous names you guys have offered are
Worst names for bone-mashing, Rockin' Stone, Andrew Dice Clay,
Bone...
Uh...
Boner-mashing, Slit-mashing, and Mike.
Mike is fun, if everybody said I'm gonna go Mike.
That does sound kinda dirty, actually.
Risks include bruising, swelling, brain fractures,
and injury to delicate facial structures.
From an appearance standpoint, the danger is real.
It's trading in insecurity for a permanent problem.
Post-traumatic asymmetry, contour deformity,
and other visible changes can persist, even after healing.
The winner was Mike.
And I think that's worse.
The dangerously named, the gruesomely named trend, Mike.
And of course, meth-maxing, a small but disturbing subset of hard-maxers.
He turned to cutting the tool of meth-loose.
Okay, this time they are once again repackaging.
A thing that is just...
Drug addiction has occasionally been used for weight loss.
But I think by the time you're doing meth to lose weight,
even if that's how it started, you're just doing meth with extra steps.
I think at some point the meth is gonna win out in the motivation structure.
But you will lose weight, potentially.
Send some enamel, some other things probably.
Dignity.
Jobs.
Basic structure to your life.
My point is if you're doing meth, I think eventually you're just doing meth.
Models have used it for decades.
Yeah, I mean, I think women have been one-upping these trends for a long time.
And as usual, men are just fucking stealing something someone else invented.
Us white guys.
We do meth one time to lose weight, and we're like,
this is a new thing that we're doing.
Male models too. That's true. That is very true.
But I just mean the rigorous beauty standards imposed on women have...
They've had a much longer time to imbibe that particular poison.
The red-hot chili peppers stay skinny with this?
Yeah, but I'm just saying that's a fortunate side effect.
Men are just fucking...
Look, that's been my statement since 2010.
We're just men, we're just fucking.
It's taken on worse contours since I said that back in 2010.
Now it sounds like I'm saying something else.
But at the time, it was harmless, I swear.
Kendall's over there laughing in the corner.
I think these kids should minimize the amount of stuff they are doing,
says Melody of Untorture, and see how it works for them.
Just min-maxing.
What if you just do a little bit of meth and you tap your chin with like a spoon?
And then you're not bone-mashing.
You're bone-tapping.
She isn't laughing at my jokes? Never.
At least never anything I say on stream.
I'm sure she just is watching this stream.
I think one time some guy did meth to make Germany great again,
and it didn't work out.
Maybe I've got it all wrong.
Maybe people are like doing meth,
and it's two accomplished great feats.
Great feats.
Some of the greatest minds of our time?
Meth, actually.
Okay, now I'm probably going to say something that could get the stream in trouble.
We need to bail.
Okay, we're bailing on this, and we're sending it to the movies,
where I'm assuming no one is doing meth,
but we'll find out together.
It's time for Trent at the movies.
Shit.
I don't have my hat.
And also there's nothing to rate.
God damn it.
Look, just rate how you're feeling today.
Shoutouts to num- Shoutouts to Numbers.
Huge shoutout to Numbers.
I've been against them for a long time,
but lately numbers have been way more chill,
and I support them for things like rating movies,
and also, um, like counting how many,
like counting while someone chugs.
They have uses, I guess,
which I used to not admit.
Numbers do in fact have uses, young blood.
That's my parole officer.
The number one parole officer.
What? That's some kind of you to say.
Actually, my only one.
Well, you technically are supposed to be assigned more
than one parole officer, um,
but budget cuts.
But really understaffed.
Actually, I'm supposed to keep track of about 300 juveniles,
and I can't do it.
I've essentially given up.
I just stay in this theater, honestly.
I'm kind of hiding from my work, because I'm so overwhelmed.
I need help, and there is none.
Anyway, we're watching trailers today.
I stopped listening.
I'll admit, I did stop listening to what Chris was saying.
The Last Viking.
We watched that, maybe.
Final Fantasy XIV official ever-cold teaser trailer.
That's a lot of words.
I now understood the numbers part of it.
Again, shout outs to numbers.
But I guess actually we're getting ever-cold,
so let's find out how.
Oh shit.
They were gonna ever last with this music.
How many trailers came out in the last two days?
Three. We're gonna watch all three of them.
Hold fast! You must admit your fate without fear.
Hold fast what you must. Sorry.
Skip the word.
Is this Mario Galaxy?
Go forth, discover, unite the stars onto one.
Wait, maybe it is Mario Galaxy.
Let none not be your stars.
What?
It's a story trailer.
Now it's Dark Souls.
She's got square enix on her roof.
I remember this.
Shout outs to trees, y'all.
Numbers and trees? Both pretty good.
This music is pretty loud.
It's like louder than her voice.
Oh shit, that's Wally's girlfriend.
Oh, she's dead.
Alright.
You know, every group has a guy who's really like pretty short,
but also he's kind of hot.
And he cleans up. Every male friend group has that guy.
So I'm glad this one does.
I cannot hear her at all.
I like only hear the music and mumbling.
That's a vibe.
Okay, uh oh.
Aw, I hate parents that are like that,
that dissolve you into ice.
I really doubt a dad like that, you know?
This sucks.
I feel bad for that girl.
You hope this does horribly.
You're wishing ill upon the Evercolds?
Oh, not them.
Oh shit, is that Orlando Bloom?
He looks great for his age.
Ever since he broke up with that old singer lady,
he's been fucking crushing it.
Honestly good for him.
Honestly fucking good for him.
I don't think that's him. I was.
I'm sure it's a great game, but nobody has time for this trailer link.
You guys didn't follow the story?
Look, there once was a time when it was,
when it was trees. Uh huh.
But then there was a time where it was cold.
But then from the stars they came.
And um, and everything changed.
That is a classic story actually.
Where is Yish-Tola?
Um, where is my cat girl MTG commander?
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know what that, any of that meant.
Pat does not align with a wall,
Chat does not align with the wolves?
1.75. Look, there's 1.75 worth of alignment there.
It's not a zero.
What happened in the, what was the story?
You just weren't listening.
I couldn't hear, the music was so loud.
I was down to be pulled into the world.
I swear, I love trees.
Recently I like numbers.
They had me.
But I just couldn't, I couldn't quite tell what the fuck was happening.
Um, Paul Rudd is in a mall.
This is Paul Rudd mall dad.
I think, the movie? Let's give it a shot.
Did you look or see?
Yeah, thanks.
You don't recognize it? Should I?
Of course yes you should.
That's my chorus.
Is he? Is this a Final Fantasy trailer too?
Danny Wilson.
You were great up there. Come with me.
Oh, are you still gonna fuck?
You are not just some boy band guy.
And you are too good for that wedding band.
What's going with this one for years?
Is every song I ever wrote in my life, it's about...
Are they gonna kiss?
So good.
If not, why are we watching this?
Just want it so bad, you know?
And I do kinda want to see that.
I'll look at that. I'd like to see it actually.
I'd like to see it actually.
That's what a good song can do, right?
Has the ability to mean many different things to many different people.
So what are my options?
I'm afraid you don't have any options.
You didn't earn a Stinger comedy thing at the end.
I'm cutting you off, Trailer.
What? That's sacrilegious. The Trailer was still running.
They didn't earn the Stinger comedy moment.
They should just call that shit every middle-aged dad's fantasy.
Yeah, but now Nick Jonas is a middle-aged dad.
Yeah, but he's playing the guy who makes the middle-aged...
The middle-aged dad's fantasy is that they meet an aging rock star
who also makes them a rock star.
Because they're so cool.
That's not... I've never had that specific.
I've rarely had that dream at night.
Maybe six or... maybe a handful of times in the last year I've had that recurring dream.
Yeah, that might have been the final fantasy DLC.
Some low scores coming in today.
You hate to see it for both final fantasy trailers that we watched.
That's the final fantasy a middle-aged man has before he experiences brain death.
That's... no.
Okay, look, you know what?
Snakes.
Snakes is what you get for this.
But I'm scared of the sn-sn-snakes.
Well, you're being a real...
You're not showing respect, okay, youngblood?
So I'm gonna punish you with a movie that features snakes.
All right?
The cleaning moon just beginning its ascent into the blackened sky
peaked above the distant cypress trees
casting its pale light across the river of grass.
What the fuck?
What?
As I'm riding this, I'm guiding an eclectic gathering of first-time python hunters
each hopeful of cashing in an award-winning snake during Florida Python Challenge.
The $10,000 prize.
Is that for the biggest snake or the most snakes?
I believe it's for the most snakes.
And I am gonna pith them, put an ice pick down in their brain
and scramble their brains.
Uh, uh, uh.
What?
Yeah.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission
is ready to do whatever it takes to remove the Burmese Python.
The 10-day competition calls on both professionals and novices.
I welcome everyone to join us
in hunting snakes in the face of snake
and saving our beautiful Everglades.
I want to look good. I don't want these locals thinking I'm just some sloppy San Franciscoan.
The Python Challenge has turned into, like, the burning man of snake hunting.
It brings the wrong kind of attention to this problem.
Snake! Snake! Snake! Snake! Snake! Snake!
It's a python!
Oh!
Yeah, get it!
Boom!
Shit.
What's a big one, man?
Have you seen people get snake eyes?
When they pick up the snake, then they're, like, hypnotized.
In another reality.
What? No!
Holy shit, that's a big snake.
So, if it did...
Bless this hunter.
Regardless if he catches the biggest snake out there, or he catches the most.
Wow, Damien, the Python Huntress, baby!
I am gonna catch a 20-footer.
You know, everyone's out here. It's got different motives.
If you ever watch Goobie D, it always turns out the real monsters are always people.
Hey, sweetie, it's me.
I just had a little micro dose and wish me some good snake and luck, and I'll see you soon.
Oh!
I'm not... I would do that. I'm not afraid.
That's what you took away from that?
Yeah, like, I'm not afraid of... I'm not that afraid.
I could conquer...
Look, it's normal to be a little afraid of snakes.
Yes, it's fine.
It's actually okay to be scared of things.
I just shouldn't try to hide from it.
From the fear itself.
Just admit that, you know, that's growth.
I would do it. I could be out in the...
People have said that I have a Florida energy.
I'm not even sure if that's...
I don't think you're quite at that level.
What? That's crazy.
I would fit right in in Florida.
You want a late entry plate. All right.
We live to watch trailers that aren't the snake trailer we just watched.
Um, from Card King.
We've got Widow's Bay.
It's Apple TV.
Card King would like us to know that Widow's can also live in bays.
Look, let's just find out what the trailer is. All right.
A Windows Bay. Oh, no, it's Widow's Bay.
It was Windows Bay. It was about the creation of Windows.
The operating system I wouldn't be in, but instead it's Widow's, thankfully.
Have you ever heard of a hag?
Every sailor knows the story of the hag.
Oh.
Oh.
Let's say farewell.
Uh-oh. They're gonna... Are they gonna find a hag?
Because I had no planning.
He went to shore and met the hag.
Oh.
Oh, shit. That's a hag.
That's just how they swim.
She betrothed the hag.
Every woman sticking her head out of the water is a hag.
And she...
I mean, Chris is a hag, too. Okay.
He's gonna... I don't understand. How do you die?
She crawls into your bed and sits on your face.
Look, don't get me wrong. It is scary.
There are worse ways to go. You know what I mean?
Chris fucking knows what I mean.
There are worse ways to go.
You know what I mean?
Chris fucking knows what I mean.
There are... I mean, functionally, there are worse ways.
I mean, it would be a terrifying way to go.
Older woman suffocating you with her vagina?
Does that really sound pleasant to you?
I should not ask you questions like this.
This is inappropriate. It was you who said it.
I agree. I shouldn't say things like this.
Sign me up. All right. All right.
We added on a good one.
Card King, thank you for the tip.
We'd been in a bit of a drought.
Although the snake thing...
You know, it was cool because it proved that I'm not afraid of snakes.
Congratulations. Thank you. I'd deserve that.
Um, all right.
How many segments do we have left?
Two?
And maybe one if somebody's feeling fresh.
I can request something else. We have probably a time for all that.
Are you making these executive decisions now?
You all decide the pace of this show here.
Is a young producer.
That's what you think you're doing? Yes.
Or less. Basically. Yeah.
And as a producer, I'm calling this segment because it's time for my boy, Brendan, to, like, max out on...
to do bone gaming or whatever the trend is. He's gesture gaming.
What? Oh, God. A.I. Rooney again.
Run it back. Should we A.I. Rooney first?
Okay, you know what? We'll pivot because the gaming thing always takes a while.
Um, it's Rooney time, guys. Look, it's a different generation.
Obviously, I'm too young to have... I'm barely even 60 minutes old.
My youthful brain can think of stuff like that.
But I'm a fan of technology, so I'm in for this.
It's time for A.I. Rooney. Now that the trailers are over, where, in fact, you do know what it is.
I'm working on Outros. It's one of my goals.
There are a lot of no-nothing fools who don't appreciate the modern art of being dragged into other places in OIC.
I know this is true. If anyone of us knows, no-nothing fools.
My gosh. Back again?
You guys are lucky that I'm good at replacing this thing's skin.
Because I really didn't think we'd be doing this for a minute. Usually there's a couple weeks between these bad boys.
But as a skiantist, and I can say that I'm the one guy in the stream a lot to say that without triggering a different intro,
I stay ready. I stay perpetually ready as fuck all the time.
So does my boy Rooney here.
Who's gonna do a good job today, Rooney, please?
I did reduce the number of requests to 10.
I ran the calculations and that seemed the most reasonable.
So let's see if his synapses are appropriately loaded.
Explanation point, RR is now active.
Submit your co-
Okay, it seems to be doing it.
Oh. Uh-oh.
Okay, we're back.
Rooney creates a time parallax field when he boots up.
That's how powerful the technology is.
And for a moment there, the whole universe froze.
And due to consciousness, wainment, we all noticed.
But anyway, things are back to normal now.
He's cooking, guys. Look.
Look at this highly efficient system.
He's focused though, man. He's thinking about this shit.
I'm just saying we're doing better than last time.
It's slow as fuck.
We're already up to three.
That's a miracle, essentially.
I wonder if this shit's gonna work.
I guess it is. I guess it's working.
I'm monitoring the situation.
I'm keeping the situation straight monitored.
I hope.
You know, because all these are pouring in,
this is what I should start doing is I should take the time to check that it's working.
Just to keep things rolling.
Because I have a whole back-end situation here.
And I'm not talking about my perfect glutes.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm crunching numbers as we speak.
And things are looking very promising.
Yeah.
I'm probably gonna take, eventually I do plan to take this public.
I'm gonna create a Rooney IPO.
A public option for Rooney.
And I'm targeting a $6 billion valuation for Rooney's,
for the Rooney company that this now is.
Yep, shit looks like it's fucking flawlessly functioning,
because I am that good.
And it looks like he's fucking done it again.
Rooney, you're loaded up.
Oh, Kendall's here, too.
Guys, fucking Kendall is also here.
Wait, what?
Kendall has something to tell us.
Oh, shit.
Oh, just me.
Why say that so angrily?
I should just know.
Because I said it.
He said you, but I'm...
Do you want me to mute?
Guys, I'm gonna mute.
Don't listen.
I'm muting.
That could have so weighted.
What?
No.
I don't think so.
Anyway, that's Kendall.
Goodbye.
Wow, look at that hand.
Who did what?
Something's peaking?
Only I get to know?
I don't know what did really peaking mean is.
It means...
Kendall, you want to say hi?
She's not even gonna step in.
She's out of here.
She's done.
Okay, anyway.
She has to poop bad?
I know, I'm sworn to secrecy.
Rooney, get to work, all right?
We gotta get going.
Plain integrated.
Gear's ground.
Where's our music?
Oh, there is no music.
It's so odd without the music.
What's up?
Are you gonna say stuff?
I miss the music, man.
Live and sleazy.
Got me thinking...
Listen, I'm telling you straight.
Those pythons have got their eyes on your grundle too.
And honestly, it's literally the same reason Marcus Schiffman gets banned from New Year's Eve
and his daughter's birthday party, whenever people are so worked up about you watering their plants with piss.
Those snakes just love a good pissing, man.
I mean it.
The only way to really show some plant love is by getting down on all fours and giving them a nice little stream.
Who is Marcus Schiffman?
Live and sleazy said, I can't even go outside anymore because the pythons go right up for my grundle.
We need Python repelling spray.
Who the fuck is Marcus Schiffman?
That's your neighbor?
Well, I guess he's pissing on his plants.
Rooney, I don't...
I legitimately don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Okay, well, the music's back at least.
Oh, just keep it together.
You have nine of these to get through.
Let's keep it rolling.
Lane integrated.
Gears ground.
Jesus.
And then he thinks.
I forgot.
It just was yesterday.
I forgot how long he thinks.
He really thinks it up.
Exterminator 13 got me thinking.
Yeah.
Absolutely right about Spin City.
You're witnessing the end of an era where gesture gooning was still a valid concern
and nobody cared that your nipple milk is now just sitting there in a puddle on the floor like some tragic mess.
The world really isn't the same since they stopped making nipples huge enough to get lost in.
Back in my day, we had giant inverted teats constantly squirting out thick yellow cream
just begging to be caught and consumed.
And nobody ever got canceled for licking them clean like a good little puppy.
Who's been getting canceled for that?
Well, he's consistent.
Yeah, sorry.
Yes, you're right.
Wednesday.
Sorry.
He's working so hard to get Rooney's fucking skin back on because he keeps exploding
that I forgot that there was a whole other day.
I will admit that.
Rooney, your music is too intense.
I take everything back about being happy to music back.
Can you think?
I'm plain integrated.
You get ready to say what you're going to say.
Nipples huge enough to get lost in.
You need a map to get through your own fucking nips, Rooney.
Geez, what was that shit about Marcus Schiffman?
I'm so confused by that one.
B. Grendel got me thinking,
Yes?
Oh, you're absolutely right, matey.
I was just the purist back in my old days
when the only flesh that mattered was that sweet soft arch of a woman's foot.
But then the young people started bringing me their phone videos
and suddenly I realized there are other ways to crush balls with feet, you know?
Now I'm curating entire collections of foot fetish pornography
from the delicate pedophile girl who likes to step on testicles during sex scenes
to the heavy breasted woman who specializes in stepping all over men's junk
while they beg her not to stop.
And honestly, those phone videos were so much better
than what my own family has been making these past few years.
I think it's time to abandon this family
and start a new one with just feet flesh.
Okay, we're gonna have to actually adjust some things.
Rooney, you just had to...
I guess technically he wasn't talking about an underage person,
but what he said wasn't any better.
Um...
Might need to pre-check this stuff.
Yeah, I guess I could do a quick control F for the word pedophile in the...
in the functions here,
which we might have to start doing.
He's keeping it real? That is the level of realness I am not personally ready for.
Yeah, maybe...
Maybe he meant pediatrists.
Don't do it, it's a trap.
I'm a little nervous to click on one more of these now.
So...
We'll do it anyway.
But just know, Rooney, that is strike one and two.
Strike three will be the end of this segment forever.
Plain integrated.
Gears ground.
Ay-yi-yi.
Keep it going.
Alright, alright.
A little nervous.
Skymyer got me thinking,
my god, you're absolutely right about that Final Fantasy nonsense.
Okay.
Back when I was young, we had a proper game called Battle Arena Toshinden on the PlayStation.
Not surprising.
And that's where real heroes were made.
This show Shinjo fellow, oh yes.
His long, elegant boots were everything.
And watching those feet move around was pure poetry to me.
God help us all how things have devolved into this Final Fantasy numbering madness.
We've lost our way.
Okay.
Obviously you're gonna get a little bit of the foot fetish stuff.
Unfortunately it's in the training data, but that was surprisingly close to like a...
at least a complaint, like a real complaint, maybe?
Complain integrated.
Gears ground.
Bruni, keep it together, please.
I swear to God.
I just need this to not be too psychotic and at least not actually troubling in a more tangible way.
In Apple Dapple got me thinking.
You're absolutely right.
Texts used to be for people to actually talk to each other.
Now it's all spam, scams and porn ads in your face every single morning.
It makes me miss the days when real pranksters would call you and say something genuinely funny that made you laugh.
The kind of pranks that had a beginning, middle and actual punchline
instead of just trying to sell you a $200 phone case you didn't ask for.
Remember when people still had secrets?
That's what we've lost.
The surprise of someone actually doing something unexpected with your life.
Actually that was fairly tame, but thank you for the follow to the Zar-Gorg show.
Zar-Gorg show.
Sorry I might be saying that wrong. Appreciate it.
That was actually one of the cleaner things he's ever said,
but the thing about secrets was actually more troubling because of the other things he said.
So...
We're just going to count that as a win I guess anyway.
I hate when you forget to shake the mustard bottle and you get the watery mustard pre-come.
That is a classic complaint.
I'm going to start reading the complaints because I don't know if Rooney's going to mention them at all actually.
Don't tell us your secrets actually Rooney, please.
You don't have to it turns out.
But do say something, eventually.
Greg 2 got me thinking.
Greg 2?
Greg 2, you're an absolute visionary for noticing that watery pre-come disaster in a bottle of mustard.
That slop is exactly what happened when society stopped letting real men
lap whiskey out of dog bowls on four legs while their wool oversized suits
stretched across their farm strong asses in high-waisted trousers
as those ass cheeks waggled in the air and their tongues slurped thick bourbon like it was nothing.
Now everyone's too woke to even do that anymore.
So when I open a mustard bottle these days, I get this runny, watery mess instead of proper tangy globs.
Speaking of which, have you seen how some poor souls try to act tough by wearing low-waisted jeans
while their tongues slap out whiskey from dog bowls?
That's not courage.
That's just desperate masturbation in public with a side of mustache wax.
Wait, are you for or against?
Wapping up whiskey out of bowls.
Okay, well, you gotta point out I get axe to grind that time, I guess.
Fair enough.
It's plain integrated.
Gears ground.
Sabrichi is saying gasoline doesn't smell as good since they took the lead out.
You know?
Yeah.
I agree with that one, Rooney.
Do you have any thoughts?
Sabrichi got me thinking.
Absolutely right.
Sabrichi.
I've been telling people for years that the moment they took the lead out of gasoline,
our whole world went to hell.
Hell yeah.
And nothing illustrates that more than what's happened with my nipples.
It used to be a beautiful symphony of huge inverted orbs constantly dripping thick yellow milk like nature's finest fountain.
But now they're just small shriveled things that don't even have the courtesy to leak anymore.
The lead wasn't just in gasoline, it was what made those nipples work right.
Hmm.
Okay.
Sabrichi, thank you so much.
I thought you had a good point and Rooney had his usual point.
It's plain integrated.
Gears ground.
Yes.
Uh, Nake's brother says I hate how they aren't, there aren't any dinosaurs anymore.
Not Grease's brother got me thinking.
Oh absolutely right.
Those damn dinosaurs are gone.
I always love seeing them.
But you know what's even better?
They're replaced by Shou Shinjo and his long elegant boots in battle arena Toshinden on the original PlayStation.
Where he tears through the competition while those gorgeous feet do all sorts of dirty foot things.
Oh that was so short.
Rooney, keep it that length.
We could go back to more complaints if you don't really fly off the handle with 45 of these things.
Complaint integrated.
He's getting southern now.
Bonzai Bullfrog says I remember when our president didn't have dementia and had no exit plan for a war.
Um, didn't have dementia.
Bonzai Bullfrog got me thinking.
I've heard every complaint but this one.
We're losing the last bastion of manly prowess in this country.
A president who could still handle hard cock without tripping over his own feet.
Back in my day, when we had men with exit plans and big dicks,
wars weren't some cowardly thing to run away from.
Now it's all dementia and small dicks hiding behind excuses.
Everything used to be better back in our day.
Okay, that was kind of simple I guess.
Tripping over their cocks.
Bring back LBJ, I guess that's fair.
Maybe that's, maybe he's just a historian.
Complaint integrated.
Gears ground.
Yes.
Ray Silver says feet.
Who needs them nips are so in now.
This is right up your alley, Rooney.
This is a fucking layup for you.
Ray Silver EXT-9 got me thinking.
Damn right, sir.
That whole feet over faces nonsense is a complete joke now.
Who the hell needs those nips anyway?
But you know what's actually ridiculous?
These goddamn oven doors, man.
They're out to get your little dick like that.
Every single time I try to shove this tiny cock in there for good measure,
some deep state Psyop makes it catch and clamp right off.
Absolute bullshit.
That's it?
That's it?
Okay, well look, Rooney.
You did it today.
Okay, calm down.
You're actually done for the day.
He was done.
I don't understand.
Fuck, it is so much work getting his skin back on.
You didn't have any more to process.
You know, that was surprising.
That was relatively smooth.
I don't know what the fuck he was talking about
with that one about Steve, whatever.
And then he did do one that was legitimately like,
we can't have that happen again.
So we might have to actually double check that he doesn't do certain things.
But anyway, Marcus Schiffman.
Yeah, I can't ask him who that is because I'll love it with you guys.
He's fucking dead again.
But we'll figure out.
We'll go back into the training data.
Remove one word for sure.
Double check that he just never says certain other words.
And we'll just, and we'll cross those fucking fingers for the future,
because we're exposing some,
AI is really great at exposing certain vulnerabilities, it turns out.
Anyway, now it is time for us to play some games.
While I do the important work of collecting a bunch of really expensive synthetic skin.
That is now once again exploded all over the room.
Thank you all. It's time to play some games.
Yeah.
Yeah. Hey, hi. Hey. Yeah.
Hey.
Playing games today. Get that out of here. Stop the music.
Done of time.
Okay, I'm playing Gundam battle assault today.
Great. I've been meaning to play that.
So fine. What?
Did you put your tiny penis in the oven again?
No.
It smells like cheese in here.
You cooked cheese.
You keep putting full fucking cheddar blocks of cheese in the oven.
You call them your oven cheese turkeys.
It's not it's just cheese, mom.
My dick is good.
It would, I wouldn't.
A bunch of stuff you said there wasn't accurate is my point.
Okay.
God.
All right.
I've been sleazy.
Found this game for us easily in browser form.
The news keeps talking about a gas shortage, but no shortage here.
That is stop doing that into my door.
The full door smells like your fucking cheese oven right now.
And it's crazy that I even have to say this.
Gundam battle with hell.
What?
Okay, wait guys.
This is I have to, I have to set this shit up.
I have to make sure everything's functioning flawlessly.
Because gun and battle assault is a serious game.
For real gamers like me.
I got my controller out and everything.
What?
I was listening to the mall rat soundtrack and weezers.
Suzanne came on.
Did you know that was B side for the sweater song originally?
I made you to the song.
What?
Mom stop.
God.
Okay, wait guys.
I have to set this up apparently.
Up.
Down.
Left.
Right.
Straight forward?
Straight back.
What?
Is that guy keep saying that he's my dad because he's not?
You two have been desperate here to watch mall rats.
Gundam win is the best series and zero is the best Gundam fight me.
Okay, look it says I need to select back.
Oh wait, am I doing this wrong?
Okay.
Up.
Down.
Left.
Right.
Brick what?
Gundam win is the best series and zero is the best Gundam fight me.
Start.
Select.
Um, oh.
Hey.
X.
Y.
Left.
Right.
Left.
Right.
Okay, update.
Work please.
Thank you.
AC 19X.
Okay.
Oh, I skipped it.
Fuck.
I actually skipped it.
I was technically, you said I was a Psyop or whatever for the youth.
So why are you trying to defeat me?
Doesn't even make sense what you're saying, Rick.
Which Gundam is best?
I could be Manta, Wing Gundam, the O, Cezabi, Higog, a guy,
Yung.
Mom, what?
Okay.
Mom, is he back?
What?
Is he back?
God damn it.
Supposa.
Did they say full barber?
Sounds like they said full barber double Z Gundam.
But that would be legitimately insane to have that kind of thing.
Nobody knows.
I don't, oh look, I'm obviously pro AI.
I've been sponsored by 17 AI companies this week.
But I only work with like reputable AI betting companies that let you bet, let you do like
poly market stuff, but with AI.
I'm not going to be doing that.
I'm not going to be doing that.
I'm not going to be doing that.
I'm not going to be doing that.
I'm not going to be doing that.
I'm not going to be doing that.
I'm not going to let you do like poly market stuff, but with AI.
Okay.
Zyong.
I like a guy.
Look, he's a guy.
And I find that relatable.
What?
A mobile suit is approaching.
Switch to defensive mode.
Zaku, is this a mobile suit?
I'm on the reconnaissance mission, but you found me.
Recon mission, who are you?
You'll wish you were never met me.
Okay.
What the fuck?
I'm apparently incredible.
Okay.
There's input lag.
That's the only reason I'm getting hit.
There's a lot of input lag.
And it's the main reason I'm getting hit here.
The idol is about not bowing down to pure character.
Shit, what's the law?
Don't over give to the noise content.
No matter how many people can't touch you, you fucking laser.
Mom, stop giving me bad self-esteem.
The doctor said you need to stop giving me bad self-esteem.
That is bad for me.
Why am I self-esteem-beloaded?
You just see what a guy did to that Gundam?
I'm literally just a guy, and I pulled that off.
Is that inspirational?
Mom, don't let her do that.
That's like an ancient sea creature.
You're gonna get drowned or something in her nether regions.
It's like legitimately like...
It's not my fault if you do that.
So you like, don't come to me complaining when you drown in her nethers.
Are you here?
Yui, I'm Kamui burdened.
Kamiru, sorry, that's a girl's name, but you're a man.
That's a good joke. I like that. That's a good joke.
Um...
Kamiru, a bad name for a guy?
Make fun of me, I'll teach you.
Burning Gundam is the best Gundam, my bad.
Apparently the best Gundam's a guy, and I am him.
It's got a rolling technique that these other Gundams just legitimately like aren't prepared for.
Look at this shit. I'm a beautiful dancer.
I'm a beautiful dancer.
I don't know any combos or moves, but I'm pretty much...
That's like noob shit to do that kind of stuff anyway.
So like, what I'm doing is actually way better.
God, it's time to move.
Is that real? Is there a Gundam movie that she's in?
I don't find that appealing. Like, I'm not thinking about it...
Thinking about her as a Gundam.
I don't even think Sounds Good actually.
Like her as a giant metal version of her, that's crazy.
He's trying to collect all the remaining mobile suits to reignite the war once again.
I missed two, but some guy's doing that.
Well, thanks for the info!
Mom, what?
Mom, that may have been confusing.
My father, I met Holy Father Pastor Joe.
Oh.
And by taste-care-of, I mean pale-care-of.
Mom!
Stop meowing into my mouth.
Stop meowing into my wall like a goddamn cat mother.
You're a human mommy.
And so you need to act like one.
It's ridiculous to make these cat noises and fart into my wall.
I hate it.
Uh, he's meeting a model and he's confirmed it.
And he's doing it.
Oh, it's Sapoza.
Sapoza, we have a fight?
Oh.
Tatre mit robin, hezar tatantir man, of mansus on hazan sobar.
Sum unda rope, sadar his haik er dunz, dirad sakanda.
Okay.
Earth society and regain- something about freedom.
We're regaining freedom by Sapoza.
Nobody's gonna stop my dream of reviving Xeon, especially a punk like you.
Okay, he's gonna revive Xeon.
I'm guessing that's like a club or something?
I guess he's a former club owner.
You know, I'm like a discotech called Xeon.
Well, I like it.
It's a- what about this looks like Street Fighter?
We're literally- just because I'm a guy doesn't mean that I'm a Street Fighter.
I'm a Gundam, I'm huge, I'm the size of this farm.
Anything is more like primal fear.
What the fuck was that? I got a- I got a claw.
Stop blocking, that's illegal.
Did I just overheat?
Oh shit, oh shit, stop that. Stop it.
This guy's getting- mom, what?
Mom, you can't be a Cinderella man.
There's no such thing as a Cinderella man.
Sorry, there's like rules.
Oh, I beat him.
What he said there is I gave up on my dream, I don't want to start a club anymore.
I detect a high- high energy reaction, switching to evasive maneuvers.
You dodged the O's attack. Who the hell are you?
It's a Netflix movie?
I guess maybe I'll watch it just because it's like I do have Netflix.
But like I don't even care honestly.
I don't even like care honestly.
Um, okay.
This reminds me of your favorite PlayStation 1 game with the character with the long boots.
I don't know which one you're talking about honestly.
Um, sorry.
Like pretty young.
The fuck. The fuck.
Look at how big this thing is. This is unfair.
I didn't know you could sing.
I didn't know that Brick could sing. I didn't know that was allowed in the CIA.
Shit, what is this guy's problem?
He's got too many legs.
It's like ridiculous how many legs this guy's had.
Do your roll. Do the ultimate roll attack.
It's the only way out of this. No!
God damn it!
You need to practice.
Getting a Gundam that's fair.
Oh, I freaking hit perfect sevens.
It's not a link.
Mom, that's not how the song goes.
Mom, you've got to do it to the actual like...
Arm!
Arm!
God is ass. God is ass. Stop kicking me!
I'll show you who needs to practice. You did it.
The answer is you.
I will just fucking shoot. There it is.
What do you buy? It's illegal.
We can fly?
I can actually fly.
Oh shit, it's flying as weak.
Flying was a mistake.
God is ass. I suckered him in.
No, stop it.
I suckered you in.
Watch this. I'm gonna suck her in again.
Shit!
I just have to unleash all of my moves.
Stop making up things.
That doesn't exist.
Cinderella is a beautiful lady that's friends with mice.
I believe in trad Cinderella, okay?
I'm on the record with that.
I don't believe in other Cinderella's.
How did I lose?
I'm good at the rolls and the guns.
I'm very good at them.
Peter's not Cinderella.
Cinderella is a beautiful blonde traditional woman.
What?
Did you just fart a Kamehameha on my wall?
I'm gonna sue to not be your kid anymore.
If you keep this up.
I'm gonna emancipate myself at 30.
You can do it. I looked it up.
Look how big these things are getting.
This is crazy.
Fly away. I can't fly away.
I blocked it. I dodged it by being too small.
Size isn't everything.
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
I'm just a guy. Leave me alone.
Leave me alone. I'm just a guy.
Bullshit. That's literally impossible.
They need to patch that brick style.
Brick don't.
That's all the time we have.
That boss actually they're patching it out because that's an impossible boss.
But you notice I basically beat the game.
The real boss is the one that I beat before.
That other one that's a hack.
That's a hack.
That's a fan created boss that's impossible to beat.
But a guy is a strong character.
Actually he's not even a strong character.
I was basically speedrunning the game with a low tier character.
That's essentially how good at the game I am.
Brick, I think that's a slur.
Which I'm on the record is saying
I have apologized for saying those.
So don't get me back in trouble please.
Alright, apparently a song is being made by my mom.
Whatever.
I don't even care.
Legit like I don't even care.
Crazy.
Honestly crazy.
Okay.
Oh sorry, I'm just going to rub my eyes a lot.
Oh.
Okay, I feel better now.
What?
Hey, you're faster Joe.
We're going to see Melvins in Vegas soon.
Okay.
We're going to get all hyped up tonight and listen to Night Goat
Super Loud for 5 hours
while we pray.
Okay, I don't need to be hearing this right now.
I'm going to send it to DJC4
now that I conquered yet another game.
Add it to the list of stuff I've absolutely destroyed with my skills.
And I'm busy so I do have to go though.
Thank you for the support.
Thank you for the follows.
Thanks so much for the bits and support and follows.
Bum, what?
Hey, brand brand sizes and everything.
But past your days,
I'm going to send it to DJC4.
I'm sending everything, but past your Joe
is pretty, pretty big.
Yeah, he's
I'll say he's fucking huge and fat.
Oh shit.
Wrong one.
This is the wrong one.
Ignore this.
God damn.
Okay, geez.
Busted man. Busted much?
All right.
Let me close some stuff. It's been a while.
I'm DJC4.
What we have to do today is apparently
make beautiful music together.
That we're not doing...
Scrum is not available.
He's been in a coma since rapping for 30 minutes.
Or he's just not here.
It's one of those two.
Okay.
Sorry everyone. There's a lot of stuff that opened up.
All right. There's the lyrics.
Let me see.
Let me even test that this lyric thing is working.
The file's been modified.
Yes. Okay.
Let's see.
Yep. That's working. All right.
So you can send me lyrics with
exclamation point lyric.
Today we're working on a song.
Let me remember what it was.
Something with Brendan's mom?
Brendan's mom was the very kind lady
that was just yelling at that angry child.
Man.
Adult angry man child?
Um...
Just finding this request.
Oh my gosh.
Too many...
There's so many things that say Brendan's mom.
A trap song by Brendan's mom
about her son's tough daddy addiction.
Very good.
Uh...
Let me see...
If I can find...
Yes. Okay.
Okay. Great. There's stuff populating in here.
We need to... The thing with Brendan's mom is
she hasn't agreed to be on camera.
No. It just said it hasn't able to
authorize my Twitch broadcasting token.
So this whole stream might break in a second.
I don't know why that would be a thing
or what that means, but
if I go off in about 10 seconds
then that's probably why.
Um... All right.
One second everybody.
Gotta remember how to do this. It's been a minute.
I've been on vacation.
In Ibiza, but not for music.
It's just a good vacation spot.
Mm-hmm.
Again, the theme
for today is Brendan's mom
Trap song.
Brendan's mom will be arriving
not in the studio, maybe yelling
through a wall outside the studio
performing a trap song.
Obita?
No. If you're a white guy you legally have to say
Obiza.
I found that out there.
It's like, oh, it's a rule.
Um, all right.
Let me just try to figure out
if there's a way to do this
that maintains
the fidelity of
Brendan's mom,
which I do think is important.
There might not be.
I think if you hear all these hot lyrics, everyone,
we will be getting them into just a moment.
Our ghost writer is of course here.
Um...
Yes, baby.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm here.
I'll be writing some lyrics
with all of you,
tidying them up just slightly.
Just re-release facilitator as much as any...
Yeah, we got it.
Thank you, we got it.
Okay.
I'm gonna try to find Brendan's mom's number
really quick.
That's all I'm doing.
I'm attempting to find
Brendan's mom's number.
It's just gonna take me a minute.
Okay.
I have this mean.
God damn it.
One second, everyone, is trying to remember how some stuff works.
A lot of ifs.
Is this...
Okay.
This is so confusing.
Everything I'm looking at is very confusing.
For some reason I'm getting
like a pop-up every five seconds
that says my twitch authentication
has like been...
It can't be found.
It's a little annoying.
Weirdly, I'm not trying to make music.
I'm trying to find if there's a way to do...
to get Brendan's mom's voice
in real time.
Real-time Brendan's mom's voice.
Huh.
This is what my real voice...
Shut up.
Shut up.
Oh my gosh.
How did I get this?
Okay, maybe this is hopeless.
Speakerbot?
We could try to do it out of Speakerbot.
I guess we could just plug all the lyrics into Speakerbot.
Which is the microphone that Brendan's mom uses.
It just won't really be
to any beat.
Which is tricky, maybe, potentially.
But maybe it's also fine.
Only I could remember how I set
any of this up. So quick.
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.
Is this what we used?
Join our discord.
I'm being tortured today.
Sorry everyone, just being tortured real quick.
By a broken and cruel system.
How did we get this?
Oh my god, Google is the fucking worst.
Alright.
Well, maybe I just have to bail on this plan.
I can't figure out how to do it quickly.
Basically, there used to be a site
where you could download
we'll just call it Brendan's mom's voice.
We'll just call it Brendan's mom's voice.
That you could then use real time.
Say for instance, the same type of place
where we once got a certain president's voice
that people love to hear.
But I can't actually
find where that was.
So...
I guess...
Fuck it.
We'll use something else.
Alright, um...
We love all presidents equally.
That's beautiful. It's a beautiful sentiment.
Someone could write a song about that.
Steve, that's a wonderful for you.
What a unique talent.
Uh, let's send it down
to our intrepid
ghostwriter
who's going to tear through
these lyrics
to create something
magical. Alright, it's time.
Oh, just a hard throw.
Okay.
It's so low in the frame here.
There it is. Alright.
Check it out, guys.
We've got, uh...
all sorts of stuff here.
Let's just copy this to a new thing
so you guys can keep pumping some lyrics in there.
Some stuff in here about Latinas
that I'm guessing isn't
related to Brendan's mom.
Let's see where the Brendan's mom stuff.
Okay, press
Pastry Joe is down there. Okay.
Was the program called
Speakerbot. There is a program called
Speakerbot.
There's also
a program that I have access to
as a music producer
that is this
where you can load any number of beautiful voices.
Um...
But I don't know where to find more of them.
Not that I would ever clone Brendan's mom's voice.
We're getting the real Brendan's mom
of course, but
say you know where one was that sounded
vaguely like just off the top of my head,
Roseanne. Maybe you'd sound slightly like Brendan's mom.
But that might not be an option.
Uh...
Pastry Joe loved to watch Charmed
when he gets home from church.
Okay.
Charmed church.
Uh, we just need to make these things rhyme.
Oh, I guess we also need a beat.
Isn't our producer supposed to find that?
Oh, calling me out.
Jeez. Okay.
I guess if that seems
like the kind of thing I should do.
Well...
What kind of beat would Brendan's mom
like?
Mom trap beat.
Cause she's a mother.
So that would make sense. Only makes sense.
This is a called mob.
Oh, I typed in mom.
That's my bad.
She doesn't want a mom.
A mom type trap beat. She wants a mom.
This one's called dear mom.
Okay. A little mournful maybe?
Maybe a little depressing?
A wall fart type beat.
That's good advice.
Okay, this is not doing it.
Aren't all these so sad?
Can't people get hyped about their moms?
I guess in all of these beats, the mom is dead.
A dark type beat.
Every beat about moms is sad.
This is dear mom though.
With a hook. Beats with hooks.
This one's sad too.
We can't use their hook.
We need our own mom hook.
Oh, here we go.
Blame Disney?
Yeah, maybe.
This one's a little more playful.
Even though this kid looks
like they've been abandoned by their mom.
All of these are not
up to mom standards.
Okay.
Steve, good luck with that.
Jack Harlow to baby type beat Mario bros.
I'm not going to be a baby type beat.
Maybe this is more
somehow a mom type beat.
Why does it just say premise?
You know what?
Maybe we're pigeonholing moms.
Maybe we should just type
insanely hard trap beat.
What does that get us?
Yeah, that one was okay.
This isn't that insane.
Um,
is Bart allowed to do this?
Is this okay for Bart to do?
You're always insanely hard around moms.
You're always insanely hard around moms.
Maybe this is a different part.
You know, this beats kind of
kind of feels right somehow though.
Maybe this is what we go with.
Ignore Bart.
That's Bort.
Okay.
That's fine then.
That's fine then.
Okay, I just have to download this really quick.
We just got to tidy these lyrics up.
Then we got to run it through a program.
Sorry, then we have to run through a wall because
Brendon's mom is only comfortable
performing through a wall it turns out.
Then we're as good as
then we're basically good to go.
Oh, that, oh, does that Bart dress as his mom?
It could be.
That could be it. Where did I save all these?
Okay.
This is a mom beat.
That's Grungeface Marge.
I don't know if we can show that.
Okay, now we're ready for this ghostwriter.
Ghostwriter, get to it.
Oh.
Okay, now he's ready for me.
Great. I don't know if I feel comfortable with his beat choice,
but we'll go with it.
Release the DJC4 files.
Yeah, what's up with that? Why won't they?
Give me those files.
There's no point in writing these to a beat
because I don't think Brendon's mom understands
rap
beats or beats or
rhythm.
So we're just going to have to have her say this
and then do our best to chop it up
and see if we can... it's going to be miserable, actually.
Actually, what I'm describing sounds
terrible, but we're going to try.
The important thing is that we just get her with some lyrics.
We get her some lyrics that she can
say.
Pastor Joe loves to watch Charmed.
Jesus Christ says,
Do no harm.
All people are each other.
Do no harm.
Do unto
others.
Wait a minute. You can't even see what I'm typing.
There we go.
Farm not hard.
Darn.
Do unto others or you will be
darned.
Meanwhile, Pastor Joe,
he loves to watch Charmed.
Who's in Charmed?
Charmed cast.
Charmed cast.
When he sees
that Doherty
is Cox
a five
star alarm.
Um...
All right.
Rose McGowan? No, she's in there.
But so is Shannon Doherty. I looked it up as a ghost.
Take his ass to church.
Got him speaking in tongues.
You can
gibberish
my hole
before
uh...
brunch is done.
Um...
Leviticus
that puss
uh...
like the Holy Son.
Is that two sacrilegious?
Whatever. It's fine.
It's Brendan's mom.
Bus so hard
that I make him feel bad.
Uh...
Cover the whole
room in my juices.
Wait, okay.
Juice the whole room.
Uh, wait, no.
Okay, we'll just do this.
Had to uh...
Had to turn over
the old photo of Brendan's dad.
There you go.
Pastor Joe got me praying
for
for my brand brand.
But I'm
kicking out pussy
like a
line of can-can.
But I'm kicking out pussy
doing lines like can-can.
There we go.
She loves to fart against the door
because that's
the only way she thinks
that can get through to him.
I'm just leaving that.
Just kicking out pussy? Yeah, she's kicking out pussy
doing lines like can-can.
It's a kick line.
And there's pussy.
Look, it doesn't have to make sense.
It's got pussy in there
and lines.
Um, okay.
She loves to fart against the door
like it's a full release.
She can't
reach her son.
But she can call a priest.
The only way to get
through
is to
uh
fart without stopping.
I tried being polite
but I'm not
knocking.
Good enough, whatever. Okay.
I don't want
no looks, Mager. I need a top-notch
jizz lobber. Jesus.
Fuck a jester, Gunner.
I don't need a jizz- I don't need a looks, Mager.
We'll just try that.
Fuck a jester, Gunner.
I don't want no looks, Mager.
I need a
classic 50's
crooner
to-uh, I need a classic
50's crooner or a top-notch jizz
lobber. Okay.
My snatch is tough.
Is the stuff.
And the girls just can't get enough.
There's definitely rhymes in there.
So maybe that's fine.
Um, what is it? The stuff?
What they- the stuff that
what she takes in, um, oh, I'm thinking of the substance.
My snatch is tough.
Over 50.
But the stuff.
Got substance.
Like,
demi.
Um,
and the girls can't get enough.
Tough daddy pairs well with the
Slarm jar.
This Pastor Joe of a voice, not that I've heard.
But theoretically, yes.
Here's what I think we'll do. We'll have to have someone say this
so that Brendan's mom knows how it's supposed to sound.
Then,
we'll send it to her and say, hey, this is- you don't have to say it exactly like this.
But, then we'll have her put it in her own voice.
That might work.
Maybe that will work.
Uh, tough daddy pairs well with the Slarm jarms.
Um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
pussy old but flavored like chicken parm.
Pussy old but got the flavor like a chicken parm.
Tough daddy pairs well with the
Slarm jarms.
Um,
loco puppet, thank you for the 40 months.
Sorry, I'm just so focused on the quality of these rhymes that I-
I got distracted there for a second.
The Pastor Canada Laster
for heater farts quake the snake eater.
Um,
hot ass I've never passed, sir.
Uh,
on my knees,
but the Pastor can't outlast her.
Okay.
No gunplay,
but these thighs
bring the heater.
Ain't no snakes
in this Ireland,
but he's a snake eater.
That doesn't make any sense,
but I'm leaving it.
Tough daddy is worse than bang.
Come my lady,
come come come,
my lady, tough daddy has no sugar baby.
So,
I'm cutting,
tough daddy is worse than bang,
just because we've talked about tough daddy so much.
Come, uh,
so,
come my lady,
come come my lady,
be my tough daddy and I'll bring the sugar baby.
Okay, that still probably fits more or less
a rhymes game.
Or I mean a beat or something.
Pastor Joe may not be his father,
Brandon's mom sure calls him tough daddy.
And I'll be my sh-
Okay, be my tough daddy
and I'll be your sugar baby,
okay?
Your sugar baby.
Um,
because you may not be Brandon's father.
You may not
be
Brandon's father,
but fuck it,
I'm not bothered.
Uh,
just cross
this.
Fuck, religious terminology escapes me.
You may not be Brandon's father,
but fuck it, I'm not bothered.
Um,
that's a church term that sounds vaguely sexual.
Steeple?
Um, bring the steeple.
Just bring that tall steeple
and I'll gush out holy water.
There we go.
We're so close.
With the 69th pick in the 2026
NFL Draft the Chicago Bears select.
Chorus! Okay, we're leaving that
and that will be the chorus.
And then she'll just say chorus a couple of times.
That's going in, that's, that's gold.
Um,
my son may be addicted to energy drinks,
but my addiction's to the
peen energy
drinks.
You know what I mean?
Oh, it wasn't done.
My son may be addicted to energy drinks,
but I'm addicted to peen energy.
So what do you think?
I'm talking sex.
And you know what better yet?
We can 49,
like a New York jet.
Doesn't make sense, going in.
Um,
mention that Brandon has a massive forehead
and a small peen.
Okay, I gotta make this less about fucking
if she's talking about her son, suddenly.
Um,
dick the size of a four of the
Okay, that's too weird.
Um,
smell like a mink.
He's got a global dome.
Um,
forehead bigger than Gina's
for my own sons.
Small like Brandon, you can still get the job done.
And then I'll just have her say,
yeah,
he's got a little dick, he's got a little guy.
And that's okay, boys.
Size isn't
everything.
Though it's a bonus,
it's just not everything.
Anyway,
my son says I should stop talking about his penis.
I say,
hey, I used to change the thing.
Not the penis, his diapers.
Anyway, are we done?
Okay, that'll do.
All right, we need to bring in a pro
to say these lyrics
so that we can then run them through.
Um,
so that we can then run them through
something else
through a wall so that it sounds like
Brendan's mom.
Because if we're not careful, it won't sound anything like
like Brendan's mom, which of course is the goal.
So,
let's get
somebody to just record
something.
And then we'll take it from there.
Okay, we gotta pull a thing up though.
Man, it's been a while.
Jevery thing?
We need a neutral vote.
We need a somewhat neutral.
Oh, you know what? We need kind of like a,
uh,
we need kind of like a, hey, sort of a nagging voice.
Hey,
I guess Peter.
I guess Peter, unfortunately.
We're going to get Peter to do this,
and then we're just as a
as a track that Brendan's mom can then follow along to.
Oh, yeah, Rob Elvie could do it.
Oh, yeah, Rob Elvie could do it.
I don't kind of need to be more nasal.
I think it's got to be Peter
for reasons,
for legitimate reasons.
Everyone, everyone
chilled. The reasons are legit.
Okay, sorry.
We're almost there.
And then we're going to mix the thing
and export it and be done with it forever.
Because otherwise it'll never, we'll never get,
we'll never wrap back around to it.
It's what we've learned.
We need an input though.
One second.
One second.
Check, check.
Oh, shoot. Okay, that's not going to work though.
Dang it.
Check, check.
Okay, good.
It should be good to go.
Where is Peter?
Peter?
For once you're needed.
That's fine.
Oh, got the swirly voice right now.
Okay, everybody, I've been told
that they need a strong MC
to carry a track
on behalf of
a beautiful woman
that I haven't met.
But I'd love to. I'm always down to meet, make a new friend.
And I'm always down.
Yeah, this is my new look.
I'm trying on a different look,
because Casey was complaining about the center of my clothes.
So, jokes on him.
I put on a different colored jacket.
Let's see
what we're working with.
Let's see if this is the kind of thing
I can really vibe with.
Music is all about vibing, guys.
I love to vibe with the tunes.
As the kids say,
they say stuff like that.
What the heck? Why is this an MP4?
Whatever, it doesn't matter.
Doesn't matter.
When's this beat drop?
When's this beat really get in there?
I can tear this shit up.
Okay.
Anagram for Pastor Joe.
We're just going to hope this works.
Um, where's my lyrics?
For recording.
Here's my lyrics.
I hope these aren't filthy, nasty, nasty things.
Oh, they are.
Oh, jeez. This is
rebald and tasteless.
Oh, well, let's get to it.
Jesus Christ says,
do no harm,
do unto others,
or you will be darned
meanwhile. Joe,
he loves to watch the show
charm when he sees that doerty
is cocks a five star alarm.
Take his ass to church.
I got him speaking tongues.
You can jibberish my hole before brunch
is done. Leviticus,
that puts like you are the holy son.
But so hard that I make him
feel bad, man.
Hard to turn over the old photo
of Brandon's dad,
cause I let a gush or root that was
so fucking nasty. Radpastor Joe got me
praying for my brand, brand
kicking out pussy, doing lines
cause I can, can.
She loves to fart against the goring
there. Shoot, shoot, can we take that
back? Can we take that back?
Please, no pauses.
There's no time.
There's no time.
Well, it's just, this is my first time
seeing the lyrics. I'm figuring it all
out on the fly.
It's so cruel to make me do it in one take like that.
Some of the lyrics I think you left
random lyrics. Okay, I'm getting the sign
to just shut up and to keep going.
We're gonna do one more of these.
But then I will, I won't do a take-se-back
sees, okay?
I'm wondering why I'm always so under the gun around here.
Jesus Christ says
do no harm, do unto others
baby, or yes you will
be darned meanwhile. Joe
he loves to watch the show
charmed when he sees that door
and he is cocked a five-star alarm
take his ass to church and I got
him speaking tongues. You can
gibberish my whole before brunch
is done. Love it, a kiss that
puss like the holy son
bust so hard that I make him
feel bad, mom had
to turn over the old photo
of Brandon's dad. Pastor Joe got me
praying for my brand
brand. Kicking
a pussy like I'm doing the can-can
yes I think that I can
yes I think that I can
she loves to fight against the door
like it's a full release. She
can't reach her son but she can't
call a priest. The only get
through is to far without
stopping. I tried being polite
but I'm fucking done knocking
fuck a gesture good
I don't need a look smogger. I need
a classic Fisties crooner top
notches lobber. My snatch is
tough. Over 50 but the
stuff got the substance like
demmy and the girls can't get enough
pussy old but got
the flavor like a chicken parm
puff daddy. Pares well
with the slarved jarbs.
Hot ass but I've never passed
sir. On my knees but the
pastor can't outlast her
no gunplay but the thighs
are bringing the heater. Right no snakes
in Ireland but he's
a snake eater. Come my lady
come my lady come come
my lady. Be my tough daddy
and I'll be your sugar baby. You
may not be Brandon's father but
I can't be bothered just bring the
whole steeple and I'll gush out some
holy water. With
the 69th pick in the
NFL draft of 2026
the Chicago Bears select
chorus
chorus
chorus
my son may be
addicted to energy drinks
but my addiction's to peeing energy
so what do you think? I'm talking
sex. And you
know what better? Yeah you can
40' on my ass like a New
York jet. Four head bigger
than Gina's or my own son's
but if you're small like Brandon's dick
you can still get it done. Yeah he's
got a little guy and that's
okay boy. Sizes in
everything. It's really not
though it's a bonus it's nice
it's just not everything.
Anyway my son says I said
stop talking about his penis I say hey I
used to change the thing. Not
penis I mean diapers. Are we
done? Anyway are we done?
Can I be done with this?
I have to fuck. Don't appreciate
the ad-libbing there but that'll do.
I just was trying
to imbibe the ad. I sensed that it was about sex
so I went there
it's fine it's fine
okay well just we just have to export that
file okay
Peter went off book and
and he's in your band for that forever
but that's okay. You had one shot
and you did blow up but that's fine.
Let's see
um we just need the
rough beat here
let's make sure that this actually export
it's not fine do it again
I don't want to. I don't want to listen to it do it again though.
No!
Is this the vocals?
Okay that should be fine
I hope it's not too quiet but we'll
just hope it's not
alright
I'm sending this to Brendon's mom
right now
we're sending it
alright
the Vax was evil
what a name
thank you for the follow
alright
and three minutes is the duration
of this we'll see how long it takes
for Brendon's mom to record her version
and we'll just
we'll be patient we'll patiently wait for Brendon's mom
she's just a she now she has the track
that she sort of example
track she can just get into this thing
up and keep going
we're gonna do one more of these
but then I will I won't do it take she back she's okay
okay she's got kind of a strange
rap voice but that's fine
let's uh let's get this into the
mixer here
um
with the lisp yeah she's got the lisp
alright we just gotta line these bad but first we have to
get Peter as much
on the beat as we can
so let me turn his up
is there like a preset here
for just
clean up and level voice over that's probably not what we want
we know what we want
oh a hip hop vocal chain everyone
let's see how that makes uh Peter sound
he loves to watch the show charm
when he sees that door it is
cocks of five-star alarm
sounds great
uh okay
okay
sure sure sure sure of course yes yes yes very good
um
that seems more or less
that seems on beat enough
okay add tracks
wait wait no duplicate this track
duplicate this track please
it's done
now we bring in Brendan's mom
her superior vocals that are but that are much better
oh shit it condensed everything crazily
uh oh I don't know if it's gonna be on
that's the wrong thing
I pulled in the totally wrong thing
doot doot doot doot doot
you're seeing how modern production works here guys
even though I'm not showing you
okay we got Brendan's mom's track
more or less lined up with uh
Peter's track
let's see how it sounds
with everything together
and let's give it a little bit of reverb
let's make it a little swirly
just something basic
just a little small reverb
well I'm gonna why I'm always so under the gun around here
it's kind of scary
yes I think that I can
she loves to fart against the door
like it's a full release
she can't reach her son
but she can't call a priest
the only get-through is to far without stopping
I tried being polite but smogger
I need a classic
Fissies crooner top 50
but the stuff got the substance like demi
and the girls can't get bushy old
but got the flavor like a chicken parm
puff daddy
parents well it's the slar jarbs
ass sir
on my knees but the Peter rainbow snakes
in Ireland but he's a snake eater
sugar baby you may not be
Brendan's father but I can't be bothered
just bring the whole steeple
and I'll gush out some holy water
with the 69th pick
in the NFL draft of
2026
I wonder if we pitch shifted up slightly
if it'll sound better or worse
it's just a little low you know
it's all
a little low
semitones or sense I think
semitones how crazy
the Chicago bear select
oh it didn't add it
it didn't even fucking add it
but
add it you bastards
one second everyone
it's important to experiment
when you're making beautiful music
okay
nope
you guys want her to sound more like she's behind a door
um
I'm assuming that would be like
a high pass
is it a low pass I can't remember
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
is it a low pass I can't remember
one of those two
hmm
it's not high pass enough
well it's the smart
I think we want a low pass
actually there you go
there now it sounds just like her
the Chicago bear
door filter the beat
that's next level
now you're thinking
um
I just copy this effect over
here wait we'll just do this
tracks
duplicate this track
get the fuck out of here
now we just delete all this other shit
but we keep the same high pass
technically
is the bass
peaking 100%
but I mean I don't
what am I supposed to fix that
she can't reach her son
but she can't call a priest
the only get through
is to far without stopping
I can't be infallible
we got it guys
I need a look smogger
I need stuff got the substance like demi
and the girls can't get a nicking
farm puff daddy
if we could change anything I guess we could
change it to tough daddy instead of puff daddy
but let's not let's just export it
and be done forever
and then by popular demand
I will throw it
in the bin section of the discord in case
you want this for posterity
some day it's on the list of things to do
a soundcloud with all of these
psychotic tracks we've made
but you know
some day
some fine day
alright
music finals
finished
Brandon mom wrap
no some day
some 41 but a day
it's a promise but it's an extremely
loose promise
time scale wise
but I do want to do it
there's like six tracks I have to export
and remember what they are
because some of the songs we made are like
sounds so messy that
they need to be like
they need to be fixed
basically and I just haven't had time
alright
but maybe I mean I guess
who cares I could also just export them as they are
is this out
is this finished
we do still have I had sex by
Trent
that's right here actually
we'll play this while I upload this
and then find someone to raid
maybe some day we'll learn how to use like
an actual music production software
alright
it's going in the
it's just going in the news section of this
it's getting dropped
and somebody will make a threat for these
you know what I'll throw this Brandon one
in there this threat one in there too
okay
Gina's on perfect
wait unless Christine is on
I might be playing Marvel
Rivers with her later it'll be awkward if I rate that one
no I'm not sure
sex
sex
that's a whole week of stream
we did three whole streams
it's a case
rate it's not I have sex rate that's inappropriate
we don't want to make assumptions about
anyone having sex
we fucking did it we all had sex
everybody go have sex but in your own way
in your own cool way
do you know what he is on
wait okay
hold
hold
how do I not see it
I open up twitching everything
fuck she is on
I have to rate it because I don't know if I'm playing Marvel Rivers
and if I do
that'll be too weird
but also check out Gina obviously
let's save this file just to be safe
one thing really quick actually
wow what a track
okay we're all set
we're getting our little baby right
I have sex
I might have failed with
I might have also rated Gina
anyway
go hang out with Christine a little bit she's on
have a great weekend I'll be back on Monday
and we will see you then
and you know what Friday me
DJC4 will obviously be back for more of these hot
hot tracks I did rate Gina
I fucking blew it
you know what
should I even raid Christine
guys
I'm gonna pretend I didn't know she was on
cause then that just seems easier
but go check her out
just go check out Christine
cause I already blew it
I already blew my raid load
and I don't like that I just said that even
I need to go
before I keep talking all night
this is just a secret stream gone wrong
okay have a great weekend