Soon everything will be working perfectly
Everything in pipe it on the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
Seems like things are going well
And I think this is why you have a dog produce the show because it works. I
Agree, I can't imagine it going any better than this ever
I
Fixed it. That's great news
Anyway, thanks for the rate ofly sorry for like, you know
Not being on stream and then my stream immediately crashing
But normally we run like a really smooth tight ship over here
Normally everything is totally good
As you can see
Everything's great. I set up too many alerts. I set up a few too many alerts
The hype train's been summoned and there's nothing I can do about it
Okay, yeah, it's good. Anyway, sorry everyone for the crash. We're back now. We're blasting this
Quad city DJ's hype song we were talking about
This fucking ambicromian fish CEO
We'll just shift gears and do a little bit of news while this hype train hangs out
From one creepy CEO to creepy influencer CEOs, let's just talk about this lunchly shit
Chat get over here to talk about lunch. Lee, please
I'm already here. I
Was in your heart the whole time. Hello everybody
Can we stop this music so we can play my very important music?
Absolutely not
Great how the hype train's over here too. Yeah, the hype drinking sort of bother us over here now
Yeah
Could how could I how could I forget we were talking about mine sweeper
Okay, did you already close out of mine sweeper you son of a bitch
Case closed out of mine sweeper. I just don't I
Wasn't Kendall Dunn. No, that was an unfinished mine sweeper game you psycho path
Well, I brought you over here to talk about lunch Lee chat
If anybody's still here from the Ovali stream, they must feel like they're having a manic break
This is a lot to absorb
I mean, that's just the world as it is today. This is how all news is now
It all it all looks like this all the news stations look exactly like this CNN just instituted a hype train
Think that's right. I'm pretty sure
Every time they talk about Donald Trump or something they have to dance now
No, I think you're confused that he danced on stage for like 30 minutes. I can't be expected to remember how everything works
Anyway, lunch lunch Lee you want to talk about do I want to talk about lunch Lee? Yeah lunch
Lunch Lee is here. Oh your OBS clothes. So everything fucking all of your shit unloaded
Everything's adding up
Okay, let fine. I will talk briefly
About lunch Lee the people are hungry for it
Look at them
Lunching their asses off
But poorly or something they're doing a bad lunch Lee job
We've heard a few stories about youtubers making genuinely fun and interesting content, but this is not one of those stories
What do you mean? Look at these three Titans of lunch hanging out. This is more calm than an Ovali stream
Well, but that's I don't know if that's the bar. I should be living up to
I mean, you should be so fucking lucky to live up to that bar or blow up if you're is a bar for limboing or stepping over
What's the analogy here? If it's a limbo bar, then she set the bar very low
If it's a if it's a bar that you pull vault over it, then it's a high bar. That's what I'm going with for Ovali
Okay, I'm gonna assume both of those are positive. I swear they are those are both positive Ovali statements
You just have to think about it and that's your first mistake. I refuse to do that
Okay, wait, I can't read this. It's too little. I
Need I need a closer up lunch Lee story
Mr.. Beast Logan Paul stand accused of selling moldy lunches. Oh, that's where we're at now
We're worried about kids lunches. Is that what the news has come to the news has always been worried about kids lunches
We should be worried about what kids are eating their kids they can handle whatever their bodies are strong
Well, how do we request this twice? I think we were already going to the movies. Well now we're going
Even harder back to the movies. Wow. Okay
Anyway, we'll do that very shortly. We've had a few stories recently about youtubers making genuinely fun interesting content
But Jimmy mr. Beast Donaldson is back in the headlines yet again this time for something it looks like he actually did do
Those anti-Israel bizzards were hacked. I don't even hear about anti-Israel. Bister beast bit
Oh, shit. We forgot the hype train is here. I closed my eyes and meditated on the hype train
Double trailer. He's gonna have to watch eight trailers. No six. I think
anyway
The man who already got himself in trouble for mistreating contestants on his squid games. Yes reality show is back to terrorized children
Damn is mr. Beast like a movie monster now
Yeah, it's sort of like a monster
That's fair to say. Oh it is
Seems unfair. No, it's fair. He's a monster. Well, maybe it's unfair to monsters
Okay, does he even play basketball? No, he's not that kind of monster. All right. I'm getting confused
The man he got himself in trouble. Anyway, his new brand lunchly is is in the news now because it's moldy as shit
Mr. Beast started lunchly ablaton and slightly more expensive lunchables rip off with his pales
Logan Paul and ksi three men that are clearly uh that clearly shouldn't be anywhere near anything evolving health and safety
Say who?
um
I don't know anybody who's watched anything they've ever made
Other than the people who buy our little other stuff, which is the people who watch everything they've ever made
I mean, I've never watched it. Should I get into it?
Is the mr. Beast universe complex do I have to know a lot of backstory?
No, I think you specifically don't need any mr. Beast backstory. Oh, then that sounds right up my alley actually
Anyway, they didn't stop them because of the mold the bro's originally marketed lunchly as a healthier alternative to the classic box lunch
But the claim was thrown into some serious doubt after fellow youtuber Rosanna pancino
Bought both products for a little uh compare contrast what she found was mold
Well, just you can't get mad at one time that mold happens
Seven trailers that grovelin has to watch munchies
I might make if kennel's out I might make her watch some trailers because I do still have to send a thing
No way
Well, but you don't have to do it now kennel, but you can
She's going to the bathroom
She might not be willing in which case chat just has to watch
Uh
Empty screen well a trailer by themselves. Oh my god, that'd be terrible
Anyway, see some can we just see her do the mold thing? Is there a video?
Every new story you pull up case is just
400 words describing one moment in a video. That's what the news is now. I can't help it
We could probably find her lunchly mold moment
Or we can find a million people. Uh, here's her video molded. That's mold. This is not safe
Hey guys, it's ro welcome back to my channel today. We're going to be comparing lunchly and lunchables
Where's the mold?
Where's the mold time stamp for those of you who don't know lunchly is a super
Original product that has never been seen before
I don't think she's a fan
The pizza lunchable
I'm gonna wash my hands. Wait, where's the mold? Just in case. Oh my god
This is mold in the cheese and this is really unhealthy. You should not eat molds. I don't know if this is
An issue in their recipe development or packaging. I think it's a packaging issue
The sealant here feels really cheap like whatever is holding this on the top. It is not vacuum tight
I'm gonna make these pizzas anyways. Wow. She's committed a tear line. Maybe I'm wait
She's gotta she's gotta do this youtube review check
There's a tear line on this like a little ketchup packet or something. So I had to use a scissor to open it
I don't know how kids at lunch would open this
Okay, it could be the contrast on her camera, but that is an unsettling color for pizza sauce. That is way too red
No, you want this an original Italian recipe neon red
Uh marinara sauce
I don't think it's supposed to look like that because they don't have scissors
So a tear line would also be a good idea, but it doesn't look like they can even master packaging something correctly
So I don't think I don't know. She sounds like she's pretty against mr. Beast lunchables
It's sorry. It's actually mr. Beast lunchlies
Sounds like she's pretty against
Whatever version of lunch mr. Beast has summoned
Well, I think it's an easy thing to be against. I mean, are you looking at it?
Do you see it?
Hmm. It does look like someone spilled
future ketchup
on
a couple little like, you know
Paninis
I don't think that's what a panini is jet
Mr. Food poisoning. Maybe this is a challenge. Maybe he's challenging us all
You got to level up your stomach America to handle this
neon red ketchup pizza
Soft tortilla
It is an insanely low bar that lunchables said and he is not living up to the low bar of lunchables
Well, that's why it's lunch lee. That's like lunch ish
It's in the title. It's not he's advertising it. It's coming as advertised. I didn't promise lunch
I'll promise lunch. You know more or less
But I think you still can't serve kids like
moldy cheese, but who knows maybe she molded it
For the clicks
Hmm, I'm gonna give rosaana the benefit of the doubt here
and assume that
There's probably some moldy lunch leaves out there. This is how the zombie virus starts
Dang it. I always knew
I always knew it'd be some shit like this like just a tasty snack. What about this looks tasty chat the
Capri Suns
No, it comes with prime. Oh shoot
The chocolate it's mr. Beast chocolate. Oh
Dang, it could be going with Hershey's
No, no, because he has his own chocolate
Okay, well look
Lean an entrepreneur. He's never easy
And even the strongest of them
sometimes
Competition is a beast
And is this still making him money because actually then I'll take all that back and I guess it worked
It's probably made him money. Oh, you know, maybe jokes on us. Oops
We did boy that we poisoned some kids, but if he's making money that is
That means that it's an acceptable business
That's yeah the small business and large business viewer of america's set the standard of business as
Does it make a guy with a youtube channel money? And if yes, then it is in fact
ethical
Hmm
Capitalism has never tasted so good
Yes, but pure fleet profit if the profit is what influences the taste
Then I think this probably tastes really good
it looks terrible and in the wrong colors and
Moldy and the bread is unsettling looking
It looks just like a wet piece of bread with ketchup on it
And up but also moldy somehow
But if it's financially viable, then I'm gonna give it a 10 out of 10 for the sweet taste of kaching
Well, if that's your standard, I honestly don't know how financially successful it's been
But given that it probably costs almost nothing to make if they sell a couple million units
And I'm assuming they'll turn a profit
Snap a face on it. When am I gonna get my own?
proprietary food brands case to capitalize on my celebrity
How much celebrity do you think there is to capitalize on shut?
I mean my mom would buy one if I make a lunch
She used to eat the lunch as I'd make as a kid and she'd say
Very good shit. So that's at least one sale there and you got to start with one so
Maybe I just start making like tuna crackers and selling them on the street
Yeah, go for it. All right, then I gotta get out of here. I got a new business to get off the ground
Check out. Oh, we should have been Chetters
Because my name is Chet
Chetters
It's too late. Now you committed to the tuna crackers. Fuck. I'm gonna call them Chetters anyway
Chetters tuna
They're gonna think you're gonna they're gonna get cheese. Well, they're not
And they'll just have to well all adapts that'll be part of the marketing
Well, anyway, I've got a business to launch now. I have to check me out on the corner of
Santa Monica and
Whatever corner I hit first
Because I'll be standing there with crackers
And the first taste is free
But once you're hooked then you're gonna be eating that cheddar all day long
It's like my boy. Mr. Beast and with that I send it back to whatever else is happening on this stream today. Bye. Bye
Everything was better with cheddar
Lunch has never tasted so lee
It's never been this lee before
Senator JD Vance is on the past weekend with Theo von today. Oh this past weekend. Is it already out?
I think I could stomach
five minutes of that
If I'm guessing my oh my god, it's already out. I wish there was a highlight
I wish there was a highlight version of this
Lowlight version of upcoming tour dates there in colorado springs in colorado
Anniversary and so cool and they had people write stuff in sharpies on the wine bottle. I've never seen that. I thought it was pretty cool
A little thing
And my mom I forget what table she was in but you know like 10 years down the road and she she writes something on
On her bottle like like hey, I love you. Hopefully I'm still alive when you're drinking this
She's just got like it again. It's like a kind of a morbid quirky sense of humor
Um, but yeah, man, it's it's it's really amazing
I feel like I get it
Besides I don't like it still is unsettling to me putting my face next to his face
I don't like it
I don't like that. I can see it
Yeah, but you need the other keys
Do I have the other key? I do have the other keys. Here you go. Here's the other keys
This little guy opens my mailbox. That's a rough lot thoughts and prayers. Thank you
I
need them
You know every day I wake up with this face
And now I have to accept
That I also wake up with this face
And it's not a good feeling
It's never a good feeling with us my cross to bear
You don't have any crosses on you though
This is just a phrase it's a turn of phrase
Oh a phrase is it turning
Then ink bank
Peter what was that?
I'm trying to trying to do more like acne stuff
Like when I say stuff, maybe a little cartoon thing appears around a little circle get your hand out of here
You understand what what anything you just said is no, of course not but make it it all happen case
I say a little cute stuff. I turn to the camera
Then ink big graphic
Do your little cookies and make it happen
I can't do that but Peter
All right, let's just do those go to the minute movies
Let's go watch some trailers with trend. We got a lot of trailers to watch so we need to start right now trend
Don't spend 20 minutes talking between everyone. Please. Here's trying at the movies
Doesn't that dumb ass know when he tells me not to talk about a thing for a long time? It makes me want to talk forever
Metal chaos gets it
Dropping the 20 months during the only part of the stream that matters where we watch fucking
Beautiful films and go through emotional experiences together. They're trailers to be clear everyone
Not a full film same thing or saying the same thing for the last time or not
Well, it's not gonna be the last time because you say this every time and stop saying stuff like last time
Last tango in my ass
Ha ha ha ha
Do you even know that that's the title of a film?
Oh, man, I was just saying some shit about my butt
Anyway, I'm trans parole officer. I'm here for some reason get good point. I don't know why the fuck you're here
Chris, why are you wearing the same outfit as a child?
What do you mean?
It's kind of childish that you wear a beanie all the time. You're also wearing a beanie
In fact, you seem to somehow be wearing two that are both visible
Okay, touche
Jesus man
It's I mean, I'm a different guy. I sound
slightly different
You do sound quite a bit
Like chat you sound like that fucking another guy that talks to the bald guy
We all sound like a different guy. We can't help that
I don't sound like that
Well, now I'm hearing it now. I can't unhear it. That's because it's obvious
I have a distinct voice. Neither of us
Have that distinctive a voice. I have one and other people are copying it if anything
We've already talked for like five minutes. We need to watch seven trailers
I just feel like taking my time because case told me not to
That's a bad instinct man. You can't get it. It's not
You can't just not do things
Someone say hey, help me out if you if you just do this and then your your instant instinct is to rebel pointlessly
Even though you want to get out of here yourself. That's true. I'm desperate to leave as soon as I arrive, but
I was told to hurry it up and I want to wear wolves trailer, please. Okay
That's the kind of demand I give into willingly
Where is it though? I'm scrolling. I missed a million trailers
Werewolves 2024 oh baby. Whoa, what the hell it's starting off in the bang
All right, here's the werewolves 2024 trailer
boom
Because I get I just never whoa, I never thought should be alive. Wow. I was 40 years old
Yeah, and she is and she's got a good relationship with her family and her grandparents
All right, they're gonna change things and that's just a very cool thing. Yeah. Yeah, it's a blessing man. That's awesome
Whoa, this is a new kind of trailer man. Um, did you ever go to meetings with her? Did she go to
You have been before? Yeah, I've been to a lot of NA meetings
Um, when you were growing up did you ever go or no? Yeah, I went when I was a kid
I went I went when I was a teenager
I mean I've been to a lot actually just in the past few years because she's you know that she's like, you know
She feels like she's really on the other side of it. Yeah, she does
That trailer sucked ass. It's the wrong fucking it's an interview trap
obviously
Oh
He said can you just go slightly faster? You haven't watched a single trailer
I mean I want to watch the railroad trailer get off my butt. Everybody makes mistakes. Stop standing on my butt and screaming at my ass
Please just go to the trailer
Okay
You know one thing that oh my god
What one thing is that I'm excited for this trailer you are
So childish because I'm a kid. Oh my god. Okay
And I'm doing it
Like me
Okay, this is this is better than the previous version of this trailer for sure
Okay, those are for sure werewolves
Uncle west why can't you stay?
Is it cousin's a werewolf? I try and stop this
We're the only family we have left we got this
Cali
I'm doing man. You should kill somebody. We are all soldiers now
Tonight when that's on set it's gonna be every man for himself. Whoa, we have a nine-hour window to test and report our findings
We hope to see if this mutation can be blocked
Let's go with the rules
Don't open the door for anyone
Don't hesitate for a second. Good luck tonight. Can it be retraction commencing?
Oh, what the fuck?
No more guns no more gods those things are coming for us
I'm here
bite me
Oh, shit
I appreciate it when a trailer delivers on the title
Like they didn't call that shit
Dracula's or mummies they called it werewolves
It's because there were werewolves in it
That's your takeaway
Yeah, man. I thought it was sick that there were it was in they were in there
I mean they look they looked pretty good like honestly
I didn't have high expectations because it's just called werewolves
But the transformations look nice the werewolves look werewolves hell
See we're on the same page. Why are you getting all pissy with me?
Well, it's just like obviously there's gonna be werewolves in it. No, I saw the film the lobster
There wasn't a fucking lobster in it
Yes, there was
I didn't finish it
And I missed the beginning
Only in theaters on December 6 only on Netflix December 7th. I can't can't get on Netflix fast enough
I can't wait to see this in the theater on my phone
I'll just watch it while I'm watching another movie
Man, you are the death of cinema trend. No, I'm the brieberse of it stronger than ever
I watched two films for the price of one
Sometimes I can watch as many as 20 films during one movie because I watched trailers during movies
Practical effects were nice
If I've one complaint
Bite this
Maybe not the strongest werewolf pun you say before murdering wolves
It's not bad. I mean, there's not that many good ones. I don't know
Wolf this down
I don't know that's a stretch
Lie can't miss
Surprisingly
Clever given that it's you
I'm gonna fuck this wolf with a bullet
And that's more what I was expecting
I'm gonna fuck this wolf with a bullet. That's not a pun
If it contains the word wolf
We are talking so much. There's seven trailers to watch. Oh wait. I was gonna ask Kendall if she wants to watch trailers
Hey, Kendall, you want to watch trailers? She says nah
Well, then there's no choice. We have to do it ourselves. I'll do it live. You know what?
I'll do the work for case while these trailers are playing
I'll grab a laptop. I'll handle it
All right, whatever man. Yeah, dude. That's how I handle business
Okay, what do we want to watch? We want to watch the munchies trailer
There was a specific link in chat, so I'll click on that
Is that a sequel it said they're back or something like they're at it again. Was that does that mean?
Does that mean that there was a werewolf film j blitz?
Thank you so much for the nine months of me blazing through these trailers. You watch trailers at a rate of like one per 15 minutes
It's insane
It's truly crazy. Yeah, man. I fucking I'm fucking whip through this shit. All right
It's time to get time for some munchies. Yeah, because of like weed or you know
Let's just play the trailer, please
Sweetwater a new and inviting desert community
Violation this is gonna be a great day filled with kind and loving families, but I am your step son
I don't know what she did you like it was didn't I?
With mature and responsible teenagers and then one day
Did you hear something something? Oh, shit is pretty sexy
Exactly what they are
From South American cockroach dad from out of here their origins are somewhat easy
Maybe a legal alien and while their manner can be quite charming
Their habits can be a little whoa are they helping that peanut butter?
Paul, I'm not so rough. I haven't done anything yet
Would you better treat them right?
You're not laughing anymore. Are you pal because they're not necessary
Jesus munchies
Here kitty kitty kitty kitty. What are you doing? What are you doing?
I'm sure that thing's a cat
What is that? No one kills my tropical fish at nymph. I'm on the case
Just dropped in
Munchies starring harpy kormann from the creator of little shop of horrors munchies
Damn they even ate the fucking title
That's fucking brutal, man. That's crazy
Dude, that's two banging werewolf trawlers back to back
And just because they're furry doesn't mean they're werewolves. No, those are those basically little werewolves
Which I just realized are called munchies
No, those are like little
They're just munchies
Well, what's a munchie? Whatever those are man. They're munchies
Whole trailer was trying to explain it to you. I think they're little werewolves
Sorry
You want a munch?
Oh, yeah munchies
You love furries or do those count as furries? I don't do they they're furry
But they're so little
I think a furry can be little
A critter or a guli says live and sleazy that does sound accurate. They are basically critters and gulies
When's the grovelins movie?
Dude, I see those little things squirming around the studio doing grunt work basically working for no pay
Apparently they don't work for any pay
It's kind of fucked up. Okay, you can cast and treat their grovelins. They do deserve like a deep dot documentary
this
To case this point of hurrying through these seven trailers we got to watch
He's only 30 seconds, so it's gonna really help us meet our goal here. Let's check it out
He's a brilliant scientist with a dream. I want to walk again
But what he becomes
Will defy imagination. What are you man?
From the writer of Batman and the director of dark man
You all to win comes a new
Are you call me the mantis?
Mantis premieres friday august 26th
Okay
Dark man. No, that was actually mantis
The difference that you're missing is that dark man becomes the dark man, but he became the mantis and it did defy belief actually
I'm still not believing it
I've never I've never heard of carl lumbly as the mantis
What was the inspiration on the grovelins gremlins?
That sounds right
I think it was the gremlins. Yeah gremlins are were inspired by the grovelins. No, I think you have that backwards
He does have a flying car. That was one of the best parts of that trailer
I put it in the top 10 moments. You had 10 moments. You liked I'd at least 10
If I had to drill down should I list them all? No, you shouldn't that you're making me want to
Number one he becomes a mantis. That's the top
We can it came he got a mantis suit. Well, that's my number two. He's a mantis and a mantis suit
Trent, can you please just let's watch love hurts?
You know, you know I was talking about how your heart's broken about all these girls. No, I'm not what I've never done
You do that at one of the cameras cut you talking about
Oh, I like this girl, but she's not talking to me. What's going on? Well, do you have any advice?
I've never Chris. I've never done
I've never done that once with chris. That'd be
Let's watch the love hurts trailer. Shut the fuck up chris. You're being let's watch this
Every day is an opportunity to change your life
Good morning. Do you think I just woke up one day as a top-selling reater? You won the regional realtor of the year award
Congratulations
No, I had to work for and stop becoming who I want it to be
aw
hiding a living
Not feeling great all of a sudden
We've been looking for you
Marvin gable. Whoa. Damn
I thought it has been killer like yourself would be scarier. Who are you?
We work with your brother. He's beating the shit out of this guy
After you let rose go where's the girl? Where's the money tell my brother to back off. Oh, shit
Little foe foot nothing ass spider monkey ninja got hops
Hey, what?
Rose hey marv. She's alive
When you stole from my brother, I got you out. Why did you come back?
We're hiding and hiding a living if we're gonna stop your brother
I'm gonna need to hold you
Not the realtor. I told myself that I would never hurt anyone again
Oh
Hey, are you all right? I was in the middle of a high intensity yoga. Can you give me a minute?
I'm so sorry
My brother said he wanted out, but he double-crossed me find them now
Squish cheese and she
Don't worry. I've got guys who can patch all this up like new
Let's finish this together
You want the old me
You got him. It's about damn time. Sorry, brother. Love hurts
Oh, shit
Another solid werewolf movie
Oh, what what was werewolf about it? Well, he became
more agile
Like the wolf
That will he switches
Like a werewolf
That was the whole last movie that one was a lot of it. I felt like a good chunk of probably what happens
in it
It didn't have feature werewolves. That's your opinion. Everybody reads trailers and films differently and they're the same thing
So let's watch the brutalist. It's like the pianist, but what if he was pissed off his shit?
I'm making assumptions now as well
Dude, you don't even know what this movie is about. It's probably not the pianist
But I'm open to be convinced. Let's see. You were right. I like text that moves at this rate. It's easy for me to read
Welcome to America
I just I kind of expected there to be like percussive trailer music and then you'd fuck some guys up because it's called like
Essentially like I'm gonna do some brutal shit the movie
I think you're confusing brutalism
The architectural style with the act of savagery. I don't even know why never mind. Yeah, whatever they didn't punch anybody
That was weird. Yeah, dude. Wasn't that weird?
How many trailers that we watched like 10 trailers already? I think that was five
Looks like shit Matladel times
I like Matladel's reviews. They're to the fucking point
Well, not a fan. I think of the the giant scrolling text might have uh been a slight distraction from
the story of
Honestly, it looked a little like the pianist
Dude, you're just not giving up on it being the pianist just because it contains the word is
But it did look a little like the pianist because it has the same guy in it
You were hoping for the brood from wwe
They did not get the brood for that and they could have they I bet the breed would have been available
Interior china town is this like a sequel to china town?
Probably not it looks like it's a hulu series
Oh, well, let's go with it. Anyway, maybe it's a sequel to china town
But I think there can be more than one intellectual property that references the very common
Concept of china town. I'll be the judge of that dude. Let's see
In china town nothing ever changes
Nothing it froze exciting ever happens to me or you or anyone we know
I feel like i'm a background character in someone else's story. I think that's called being a loser. Shut up, man
Police are investigating a missing woman. The abduction may be related to reports of a gang one. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Who is that?
She looks Thai dude. She's clearly career. Know your asians. Holy, what is she doing here?
Willis Wu, you know my name pretend to take my order. Welcome to the golden palace. How may I help you just back?
Welcome to the golden palace
I need your help. Why me? You know china's not better than I do. I need someone on the inside
The house is over
There's something going on in china town a pattern of incidents. I don't yet understand
That's my brother. He's been missing for 12 years. He was working with us
So you're going to solve this we are we we work together
You're dating that detective. I'm not dating anyone just friends, but it's complicated. That's the best kind of relationship
You are getting involved with things you don't yet understand
I don't know what's going on, but where things are starting to happen
Oh, he's in it now. In what?
There's gotta be a different angle
If we find it and I can find out what happened to my brother. I don't want to lose another son
What?
If you want to be a part of this why not be the hero guys like us don't become the hero
Then what are you training so hard for in china town?
Go fucking break out any moment
Oh shit it can
Why am I like this bad at drinking no half dressed. Oh, yeah, I couldn't get your shirt off
So I just did your pants. So you don't know duck me nice cause bro
That's a true friend
We all need more friends that'll just fucking yank our pants off when we drink too much
When you put it like that it sounds terrible, but
Okay
Yeah, that did look pretty good. Honestly
Ronnie chang. Yeah, looks cool
Was it a series or is it a movie?
What's the difference again?
You should we have to know that by now
That's I don't I refuse our fuse to keep explaining basic concepts to you
That's why I'll never learn dude because people don't believe in me
The difference is one has episodes but so do movies you ever seen star wars? I mean that okay, whatever
Let's just watch creature commandos
Let's just watch a cartoon and get out of here. This here's a cartoon for you trend. Oh, uh trend light cartoon
You found trend watch cartoon trend life
Trent like cartoon trend get cartoon. Here you go
yourself in the middle of an international incident
Oh princess
A united states is in the business of saving the damn world
By any means necessary
What in the holy hell
Congress said we can't use human prisoners. These assholes aren't human
Poetry we call her the bride. I was born here. Who's jason in the argon?
That's dr. Phosphorus. Why are you doing this? It's business
The
What is that the weasel?
That's the weasel takes to survive
That's Nina Mazurski
Last one is gi robot
Cheers to the trend
Oh it is part of the sharing universe
enthusiastic about this mission. I didn't realize I had a choice
You said you wanted me to be a hero not like that
We find out the truth of what's going on here. We're supposed to be on the same damn team
gi friend Nina
Oh shish kebab
You're way so hyperbolically violent. You need therapy
You wanted monsters
You go monster
Nazi
He's not a nazi gi
Okay
Sick. All right
Good call. I'll just keep remaking the suicide squad dude
The james gun one was good. So they should just keep making it. Well, that's different. It's got um
It's good. It's a cartoon. Yeah, like the suicide squad
It's different. There's a weasel and a frankenstein lady and I don't it's different
Oh, okay
I'll see it now
Because I want to add a weasel
The other one I have a weasel. I don't think the weasel was in suicide squad. Shoot. All right
Yeah, he was in there
So that's the suicide squad basically. Well, it's just you know, it's
Things can be similar but different like me maybe sounding like other people and you so
He's kind of a werewolf a were weasel. Would you want to become a weasel though?
You get the powers of a weasel
Well, usually when you become a beast of any kind like a man beast you have super powers just regardless so
Probably if you became a were weasel, you'd be stronger for some reason. That's how he usually goes in comics
I'd be like slipperier
What do you think the powers of a weasel on sneak? I probably sneak yeah and um
Steel oh, yeah, maybe
You do become furry either way
See I learned something today. That's what you learned today. Yeah, I learned that whether you're a were weasel a werewolf or
You suddenly know kung fu real good. You become a furry
Somehow you learned the long rest wrong lesson even there. That's crazy
Shiny things finder that could be valuable dude zero real weasel. You can probably smell NFTs
Because you can smell valuable stuff dude
That scent must be shrinking every day
All right. Well, that's all the time we have for now y'all we've watched fucking
We've watched fucking a lot so six or to 40 movies or something just now and saying how much cinema we just watched
Meaning that I got to get out of here because I've been getting the red light for like 20 minutes
In case you give me like blah blah blah blah. Anyway, stay fucking safe actually out there because um
If you think about it, you know what it is. We'll see you later
Kendall you want to talk to chat for five minutes?
And then I can go finish this nagging thing that I have
I love to nag
Look at this
I'm hiding the second laptop. All right guys. This is how we
Play mind sweeper. Okay
back to my
Lesson all right. So mind sweeper. What is mind sweeper? It's an old desktop desktop game and it's still around. Okay
How do you play it? What is it? Well?
There's a field
squares that are
filled with minds
and like
You know a minefield you step on it. You're dead. If you click on a mine here. You're dead. Okay
So how do you play mind sweeper?
These numbers represent how many minds they are touching for instance
Let's start with this corner one right here. Right, right?
Damn game is older than Kendall. Is it?
When was mine?
Sweeper invented
The 1990s
Guys you're being a lot inspirational listening to your own tightly designed game mind. Okay, but what?
Okay, it was released in in 1990
This older than me
We were close to it not being older than me. We were close. Okay. We're close to being the exact same age. Okay
Okay, let's start with this one. You see this that's a mine. How do I know that?
This one is literally this one that one
How do I don't know how to get closer? You guys just have to scoot into your screens?
This one is only touching one freaking box and it's this one and that mean that means it's a mine
Aren't I 24 you guys think case a nearly a 40 year old is pull is dating a 24 year old? Are you dead ass?
Exterminate. I'm sorry. No, I know you're not dead ass
I just have a thing about my own age because everyone at work thinks I'm freaking young
He is Caucasian
Okay
I'm born in the 90s. That could be 1990. That could be 1999. Who knows?
Anyway, that's a mine. Okay
Okay, that means this one is also touching a mine the same mine
So we don't have to think about that. Let's move down to the next one
That's this one as you can see this
Number one is actually touching four boxes. How is it touching four boxes? It's because diagonals count. Okay
So it's touching this guy. It's touching this guy diagonally. It's touching this guy directly above it below it
And it's touching this guy diagonally
But since this number one is already touching a mine that means these three are not mine
So I'm going to go ahead and click those off
Ta-da, and that's how you play mine sweeper and then you just keep going with those simple rules. Okay
All right, let's move on to a bigger number. Okay
This is a number two. That means it's touching two mines. How many boxes is this too touching?
Oh my god, what the fuck is that? How many boxes is this too touching? It's touching four
Why because diagonals count? Let's all say it together class
Diagonals count. Okay. It's touching this one and it's touching this one diagonally and it's touching this one directly below it
And it's touching this one diagonally
How do we know which ones are mine? Well, let's look at our context clues like the number one
This one is a mine. How do I know that? Because this this one this one and this one are only touching one
Box, which means this is a mine. Okay
This one is only touching one box
Which means this is also a mine and because diagonals count
This two is now touching two different bombs, which means these two are not bombs. Boom. Damn
Ta-da
Okay, we can continue and that's how you play mine sweeper
All right, shall I keep going?
Let kaka keep going how high can diagonals count I once got up to 242. What does that mean?
242 in minesweeper that makes no sense
Does it
Does it what time is it right now?
Well, can I finish this game of mine? Will you finish the game of minesweeper? No finish the game of minesweeper
Yeah, finish the game. Okay. Wait, you don't want to hang out like minesweeper? Okay, but seriously, how old do you guys think I am?
My birthday just passed you guys should know. Four mines around here. Yes
But there's
I gotta remember this this is mine. Why?
There's three and one. No. No
Give me a different reason as to why that's a mine. This means there's one mine next to it, right? Correct
So that means there's mine here. Of course here. No
Or this is it that's a red flag. It's a mine. There isn't a mine here. Correct. Wow. Okay, keep going
There's not one here
25 25 32 28 30 16 26 27
28 29 29 24 or something
I will say
One of you is right. That means there's no one and the person who knows they're right is because they're always right
This person just happens to know everything about the world and I'm unsure why they might be god
Or they have really fast fingers on a computer. I haven't quite decided if they're like
So insanely big brain
Or they're just super big brain and can type really fast, but they know who I'm talking to
I'm on too slow. Okay
I'm just gonna solve this for everyone. Is that cool? All right. Cool
Oh
I click the mine
I'm really I do it on an app so it's better on my on my fingies
I'm gonna try again. I have to prove to everyone that I can play mind sweeper. Okay. I have to
No, that was a mistake. It was supposed to be this one. Okay. I'm gonna go slower with the clicks
If that's cool with everybody, I'm going slower with the clicks
I'm concentrating
My dream is for someone to watch me playing mind sweeper on a plane and they go kid. You're pretty good at this
I I I'm a coach. I'm a coach for professional mind sweeping prize up to like 100,000
I can coach you to be the best mind sweeper player out there and I go
Absolutely, let's do it. And then we do it together. Your dream is to get nick theory, but for mind sweeper
Yeah, this is a little see now my brain can't do it quite as fast with these
I've done the very easy parts and now I just don't know what I'm doing. You know what I'm saying
Okay, but now I have to like really think about it. This is me thinking about it
One and a two and a three
Let's go with it
Sick. All right. All right. Now let's think about it once more
One and a two and a three, you know, nope
Ha maybe
Maybe
Maybe maybe
One two three
No, that's so wrong. You see this this one's touching that
Okay, I solved it. This is not one
This is one that's not one
That's all three. Okay. That's
This is a bomb. That's not a bomb
Thank you everybody. It's been great. Thank you
Wow, she did it did it incredible
Didn't credit him
Anyway, I guess you guys never know how old I am
All right, we have to do a real quick amongst the web and then I gotta get out of here
We gotta go eat kbbq. Oh, I didn't realize it played this incredible
Victory music. Oh, is it?
It was
13 going on 30. Yeah, that's Kendall's age. It's one of those two
Yeah, hope
Which one do you hope for case?
I'm I'm let's guess
She's 75
The 30 year old mind sweeper champion. I will say
I'll tell you guys because live in sleazy knows everything. He was the first one to say 30
or she
Anyway, 13 going on 30 was my birthday theme this year
At least my birthday invite theme. Oh, yeah, it was
Like did we do a 13 going on 30? The party itself wasn't but the invite was
I'm not a silent partner in Abercrombie and fish
Though I did own various Abercrombie and fish genes when I was 15
Because I wanted to be a hot beach boy, but it turns out it's a good thing. I wasn't
I'm an adult. She did she did turn adult Kendall's turned very adult capital adult
Kendall you want to come with us downstairs to the web?
That we go amongst no one will stay upstairs if that's cool. Okay. Kendall's gonna stay upstairs, but we're about to go downstairs to the web
Hello everyone, that's me
your amazonian queen
Just as tall as case
looming over the competition
It's me. Let me on a breath and schmare
Let's see
Thanks for being here, Diana
Pleasure of the oals
Uh, sure. Hmm. Okay. We don't have much time case
There's a lot of internet. We can barely get around it. Can we even get amongst it?
Hmm, we can watch a couple. That's for sure
Oh great. It's that kid the Rizzler
I've yet to see the Rizzler in action. So I'll be judging him. This is my first impression
I'll be judging him intensely. Let's see how he does
The Rizzler was just used as a battering ram
Sallie Sleis's pizza shop was being invaded by the new jersey mafia
But the Rizzler and the Costco guys came to stop them
Big AJ used his super strength and big justice used his smarts to defeat some of the mafia members
But the Rizzler delivered the final blow when the Costco guys used him as a battering ram to take down the mafia boss
What group would be able to defeat the Costco guys?
I judge it as bad. Oh, you weren't a fan? Turns out I hated that
Not a fan of the Rizzler?
Why does that?
He's um, a kid in a pizzeria
Who does this?
What's not to like Liliana?
Just
Please keep that at a zero if we give it a zero other consequences for the Rizzler. No
The Rizzler remains at large
It could be it's close
Excellent. Oh by the way exclamation point C is how you fill up this
Uh little guy here if you're a subscriber
Wow an actual perfect zero
A very well-deserved perfect zero. I hate that child. You can't hate the kid
Sure, I can
Not a fan of that kid
He's decided to be a celebrity meaning now I can hate him with impunity. I don't think that's how that works
I don't think you get to just hate children
Just because we hate kids. Okay, poorina skimer you actually
You do so
Skimals on my side
Sorry kid. I hate you
I think now you're being a little childish. Yeah, but less childish than him. He's just a stupid fucking kid
He's fine. It's not his fault that he's being exploited probably by someone and will now
Forever exist as a meme well into adulthood. I'm looking forward to the thing that's like in 20 years
Where's the Rizzler now and they may make him go back to the same pizzeria and he does this but he's got to go
tea in a couple charges
Okay, I'm looking forward to that
I'm looking forward to future Rizzler
Kids are annoying and disease spreaders another excellent point from propaganda
I don't know if I like what you're doing to this community. Liliana. You're kind of making it anti-child
Well, it's better than some of the pro-child stuff and not that kind of pro-child. Okay. Well just saying
At least we hate kids here instead of doing ambicrobby things
Yes between the two
Oh god, I don't know what okay. Let's just move on
To something even more troubling well less troubling but more visually disturbing than the last video
Oh that was an asshole. All right. We got got we just called rick rolled by a horse ass
I don't think that's what rick rolling is
I do think I'm probably not supposed to show that though
Wow, we're really competing for the zeros today. Was that crumbs face?
Yes
I believe it was
Kids are assholes unless they're sleeping. That's true. They're very cute when they're asleep
You know like um
a bat
Bats are cute when they're asleep. Yeah, don't double it sleeping bat, but then they wake up and they're like
You know how bats are I don't think you know how bats are
He's not familiar with bats
Still better than the Rizzler stuff objectively the score is higher
Okay, the cat man
This better not also feature the Rizzler this better just be about the cat man
This town was destroyed by a hurricane
So I brought my friends so we could help as much as we can
Daryn you asked for stuff yesterday. I put the word out on the internet these five ladies reached out
It's not to get cold imagine a generator or what it can do for our family to have heat
So we drove hours away to look for what they needed
Next the town needed computers six of these and then six more we got 25 laptops and ipad
We spent 30 000 on food generators and a bunch of other stuff. I don't know what's going to be in this bad boy
We're going to open this up. We're going to bless as many people as possible. This is what we got
Let's go
This is our first delivery of any of this. This is going to get kids back in school. Oh my god
I asked what survivors needed next, you know $20,000 tiny homes for as many people that lost their homes
So we decided to give them one last surprise. We want to give you $20,000 to build the first one
How we paid for all this? No with only
That's why I could have a kink shame because those kinks could pay for your saving one day
Not only here I was wearing capes some here I was wearing
Nothing
Yeah, I'm putting that money to good use. Anyway, I hated that. Well, Liliana, why'd you hate that?
I don't know. I just call it like I see it. I hated that. Well, you know, they were objectively helping people. I think I'm worthy
I'm pretty sure. Anyway, I hated it
You just hate stuff
why
Exclamation point 10 for the ending the ending was good
Arrest well, I guess what are you arguing that because they're making content out of helping people that's immoral
No, I just didn't like
It reminded me of the Rizzler. You know what it did remind me of the Rizzler actually. That's a good point
I kind of look like they were hanging outside of the Rizzler's pizzeria
All content is filmed outside of there. Look the stink of the Rizzler was on it. I can't explain it
But he's turned me against most of the internet
Yeah, okay, you explained yourself it kind of makes a
Whoa
I don't know what this is, but it's only 10 seconds
They they stole your sound effect
Oh my god, that sound effect that I had someone make I can't believe they got it
I do think they're making better use of it. I actually was that the Mantis? Yeah, that was the Mantis in action
The savor of the city. There's no stopping the Mantis once he gets going
They stole your graphics as well. They're stealing your whole thing cakes
Um, yeah everything on this stream is my original ip
Even the sounds
Envato said I could have them just for me
Got a you got a copyright strike everyone. Yeah, did they pay for an Envato subscription?
I'll have to check
That did be David. It's from six years ago
That did be David. It's from six years ago
But hey
I'm in good company. See people with great taste have sound effects just like me
Can't deny that well, I can't deny the second one, but they did have a good taste. I like the look
Okay, this is one we've already seen actually
Uh, what this is courtesy of live in sleazy. Let's see what they brought for us
Uh, I'm scared. Am I missing some context?
Uh, probably it's probably from like a famous thing
That you don't know about Liliana
This scared me as a child. I'm scared as an adult
Was that from the spooky future?
I don't know
Rockifier, do you know what that is?
Even rocker fire doesn't know
I'm not sure what that was
Exclamation point confused indeed me as well
And me as well
All right, and whatever play the music
At point six seven this is man. I need to make a I need to make a secondary
Streambot thing that calculates the average because today's would be one of the lowest ever
Let's keep it nice and low today
Low expectations low delivery
The case blackwell way
It's from prince of darkness
I'll save that for is that a movie? I'm assuming that's a movie
Um prince of darkness
The or an album no looks like a movie. It's a horror movie from 1987. It seems to be free on youtube
It was talked about. Oh, yeah, k some talked about it last night
You watch uh call cast him no, okay
Oh god. All right. Let's keep these low scores coming
Because this looks like it's gonna upset me and anyone this just looks upsetting
It's politely. Yes. Sex is shit
In jasper county motherfuckers. I'm coming for you. Yeah motherfuckers. I'm coming for you
Yeah
All legal like yeah legal
We'll do it on your terms motherfuckers
Oh, it is a kuma that is right need stopped
Stopped
sex is shit. Wait, what did you say at the end there?
stopped
sex government
Our government needs stopped
stopped
male case
Let's go to bob hotston message at the end there. Is that kind of bipartisan our government needs stopped
That's what the people are feeling
It's our highest scoring video
of the day
She kind of looks like that lazy town guy
Or like she's like a lazy town guy combined with like the
4chan like meme face
I might be off base actually. Well, am I?
That looks a little like him
You know
Yeah, that's all to see it
Just a little bit. I'll see it just a little bit
She got you crying crying all the way to a 3.62
A well deserved
I'm surprised that wasn't well, you know, she's got some energy. She honestly kind of looks like a snapchat filter too
She's cooking in a lot of different ways
And probably cooking some stuff up to give her that face
fortunes
A trump burger. I'm just trying to find one that trying to find a feel-good one to end on
Is this feel good? Oh, you know, well, let's just let's just go for it. Can you show this?
I'll have your next sub goal case
I think we found case's next sub goal
That is the Olivia Munn challenge
This can be what puts you on the map case just like Olivia get that hot dog ready
You know to send the lore it has to be a 10
There's a lot of hot dog lore tied to g4 for sure
Well, you know, I'll make that the sub goal next time we stream. I think that's gotta be, you know, okay
We'll end with this insane mattress salesman
It would this will be a nice palette cleanser something everybody can get behind
I'm gary at the one and only gary's mattress now with locations in korea town in little tokyo
Oh gary
Even at 9.57 to be clear what's for the last video
Gary
Man on horse bring gold for treatment at gary's mattress. I'd be very
Surprised we're scoping
prices
If you find a mattress at a better price, I'll kick a puppy and punch a kitten just for you
A content warning that was racist
Can't do it after
But I didn't know till after I knew we knew about 10 seconds in
Yeah, I can't tell if that's real that
Is that a tyman Eric thing it feels like a bit
Gary's mattress. I'm just gonna quickly google Gary's mattress racist
Racist commercial Gary. Yes, it's a real place
Okay, this is a
This is according to instagram. I don't know how valuable that is
5.38 for racist gary. Yes, it's a real place
I know because gary won't refund my sunken mattress finger jack. I don't believe you
But I'm not convinced that it's not real
Gary's mattress and van knives case you can just drive over there
Oh, I already bought a mattress though for this new apartment that I'm never moving into
Still still
Still haven't although Kendall and I did start painting it out of an abundance of hope
He's a comedian. He does look super familiar
Sort of looks like a lot of guys updated
You really have a type I do
Well, anyway, Gary
If it's a bit does that make it better?
Um, I'm just gonna be I'm gonna be agnostic on Gary. I don't know if Gary exists. And so who knows who knows what to say about Gary
all right
Maybe it's a skip for mr. Show. That's what I failed as well
Oh
Uh, not mr. Show. Not mr. Show. Well, maybe for mr. Show
Racism never makes it better
No, but if it's a joke. Well, no, I don't think that's their point
Casem knows about Gary. Casem knows Gary
Casem likes Gary. I don't they didn't say Casem likes Gary. I'm just doing the math
Eddie Pepitone. Is that Eddie Pepitone? I really feel like I should know this. This feels like a classic
Internet video that I should already I should already know the details of
But yeah, it is Eddie Pepitone. Okay. It's an Eddie Pepitone bit
The g stands for Casem Gary
Well, just because he's Eddie Pepitone doesn't mean he's not also Gary who sells mattresses
I think it does
Well, we'll never know. No, I think we know now
We'll never know and that's all the time we have for today
Let's send you out for the web so case can go eat way too much meat. See you soon
All right, everybody
It looks like case has about five minutes to kill
Meaning it's time to send you off for the day
With a little DJ music. All right
He's the spokesperson that was a real commercial. They were known for those type of commercials for decades
Eddie Pepitone getting paid to do some stuff that doesn't look so good really anytime actually didn't age well
It also probably didn't play well at the time. Well, it shouldn't have
well
What are we doing?
Mind sweeper trap music we can do that
A mind sweeper type beat for the people
All right, y'all, let's do a quick music and get out of here for the day
Sending you away with some music now
We doing music now
Uh, what we got what would in case not talk about today? No, not November
Rudy Giuliani
I guess let's go with no not November that feels more musical to me
We love to feel the music all around here
What in case want to talk about with no not November
well
Never nothing November. All right. This is a warning. This is a ps a everybody
Let's do a little ps a for the people now
Mm-hmm
All right, y'all
we've uh
Made it to the end of the stream
Where we fill you in with a little music before we send you away for the day
And I got this music for all of you right now
This music time y'all this music time now. Well, well, well
All right
okay
The news is never boring
And today I have to inform you that the doctors have issued a warning
against men
That changing and not changing for the better
Because they've issued a warning against no not November. Uh-oh
A doctor's spoken out to boring guys about taking part in no not November
Meaning that you're gonna be nothing better
And you're gonna be nothing forever. Oh, wow
The whole point of no not November is very simple if you don't know and that's when you grab your penis every day
You are not allowed to blow a no not
Those taking part in the 30 day challenge so I do so for a number of reasons
Apart from showing self restraint others have claimed it's good for their mama mental
First thought back up in 2011
It's since become a viral challenge. Well, I'm here to tell you the real virus is never nutting at all
Well, you gotta let your nut explode or your whole life's gonna blow
If you're feeling under the weather. Well, you just got to let it go
You're not
You can't keep those nuts inside. You gotta let those sweet nuts flow. It's now all not november
The doctor says to let it all go. Well, it's time for all not november. Yo, we're gonna bust all november long
If you feel like you can't not then just look at dj music and say this song
It's time to nut y'all we gonna bust off we gonna pop we gonna blast some rubs all over the world
Or we can come together every single boy and no not always nut girl. Whoa
It's a beautiful message y'all. It's all not november the people love to nut
And we're never gonna stop nutting for even a second
And if you don't believe me
Please welcome to the stage at this time
And who would know better than this
It's mr. Peanut y'all
When I grab a peanut baby, you know that i'm always ready to explode
You want to know why they call me mr. Peanut? It's because i've never missed a nut for a day
I don't go to bed till i've not it and not it all day long because it's what makes me feel okay. It's time to nut y'all
Thank you so much peace and love
All right
That's the message of the day from mr. Peanut and yours truly
No, not november y'all
It's not just for not nutting anymore. Now it's for always nutting and isn't that
The most beautiful message of all
Is that
All right, let's see who's on and raid the man
We're gonna raid somebody because we can all right
That's the stream
Thanks for hanging out with dj music. It's always a dream. Hello chat
In the back
We're gonna send you well because case needs to go have some meat snacks. All right
What you said?
I think it's time for me to find somebody that I can raid Gina darlin
Yes, she's on
We're gonna raid her right now and send you all on okay
Miss Gina darlin the raid has been created
Doing my vocal exercises I do them after I sing I do a vocal warm down actually
Say hi to Gina for all of us
dj music stamp of approval on on miss Gina darlin
And we'll we'll conjure will we'll sing you out while you go
Oh, yeah
Well, well
Thanks for hanging out s 1000 r 2012 and of course
Never fails
Drop in the Gina heads and chat. We got John mckel. We also got our best boy
Madalyn Dale
The scammers coming in thanks gang as well
We got love the hate and we love them great
Thanks for hanging out chat. Let's bait it's still all not november even if it's september
Just forget what month it is like your name september
Magister 1 a7 thanks for hanging out. You know, it's known at november
We're still busting out. We're gonna enjoy the meat up in these streets
We come down 60 to one
And now we're done. That's the stream for today. Let it happen son
I just noted. All right. See y'all. Bye. Bye