Hello everyone. Oh, baby. It's late. It's well, it's not that late for me, but I bet it's late for some of you
Good to see a subreechy love the hate propaganda. We got the we got the Friday. Why is he streaming crew in here?
I said I would but not much earlier and then I didn't do it tonight. So now junk dog gearless Joe nomad
You know, I love to say her name. It's good to see you
Hello Mat Liddell
Good to see you. It's morning for us 1000. Good morning. That's how I feel. I feel like I just woke up into a new world of news
Ryan link, I'm down as well
Uncle Phil 2k great to see a be Grendel eye contact right at you Greg to you
You don't even ask for it, but I contact ready you. I also have chat here now
I doubled where I have my chat so I can vacillate between intense eye contact
And the far more comfortable no eye contact
It's good to see you all
I've not
Been doing the news this week because I've been so lazy. It's the holiday spirit. The holiday spirit is
me being lazy
But tonight I figured fuck it. Let's do a little let's do a little news and
Then we'll all go to bed
Or you'll go out and live your life. What do people do on Fridays?
Everybody has sex on Friday, right?
I'm sure you all have fucking to do if you have parties to get to with a lot of lighting and
People that fuck at the parties. I think that's how Fridays work
I'm kind of move past that I'm sort of not into
Like not being in this new studio anymore. I've sort of evolved to just exist in this chair
So I'm sort of next level if you think about it
Grunge miss every Friday
Our sex parties possible pin. I do love the idea of there being like a raucous sex orgy and then boom hey pause it
my favorite streamers on I
Show speed is on
Is that a streamer? I think I remember that name because he showed his dick
The only thing that causes me to remember things
Anyhoo
Let's see what's going on in the world today
So actually a couple a couple business notes important business. This is a business business
Look at this. Look at this insane total we got for the New Year's stream
That's crazy
Sunday probably around noonish
You know me
The best with living up to the times I say I'll do things
We're doing a best of
2023 stream
Here's the way I'll turn the music off for this. So it's less confusing
Not that it's that confusing. Here's my request. Does anybody who understands how the discord works?
Can they make a thread in the back feed called?
best of 2023 as
usual I'm farming out the of the labor here slightly to you chat in
That thread if you post a category you can also post the nominees yourself
But like a category and then whatever nominees you want or even just the category
We're just gonna do this by the seat of our pants the only award show
Decided night of in under 60 seconds via polls
So if anybody who understands that otherwise I will look it up after the stream
I just can't do it now
But if anybody makes that thread just best of 2023 whatever you want to call it
If anybody can throw categories in that thread that will be the category for our awards
If you don't feel like nominating things for that category
We'll just do it with chat on the night that will make the poll and then we'll and then we'll do it
And I will don't worry. I'll still have I'll figure out a way to have b-roll for whatever you nominate
So that they can still something can accept the award on their behalf
Winner of most tasteful grunge face
Look, I hope I get
I wasn't universal this year and there were a ton of grunches
grunches
Was there as more tasteful than mine? That's the kind of thing you guys get to decide
cast them for best lesbian
I don't know
Wasn't some didn't someone important come out as
As gay this year by
Some but there's always a host celebrity coming out as something
And they're better than cast
But then again you get to decide so maybe maybe I'm wrong. Is this one oldest kevin?
That's easily cut. That's got to be kevin's category
Uh
You know, I should really just figure out how to do this actually
I just don't want to fuck this this thing up and also I don't think I'm a mod
create invite
I better just not do it
It's lazy of me not to do it
But I am legitimately worried if I make a threat on this I will somehow
Break what you guys have set up
And was that as black santa novelty t-shirts?
Do I want one? Absolutely
Can I get away with wearing it? I mean what if if someone gets mad at me for wearing a black santa t-shirt aren't they the bad guy?
And I'm just a fan
because I am
I would rather have a black santa than
Than white santa. I don't know it feels like to me
just feels
Better it feels more right. That's just because I'm so I'm so good
You have white neighbors with an inflatable black santa decoration
I am trying to decide if you're like an all-white family and you only have black santa in the house
Is that somehow creepier?
Than having white santa. Is it just is it too much? Are they are they over adjusting and it's just too obvious?
I don't know
But I will say if someone gives me a black santa that it's out of my it's out of my hands now
I just have it it's been gifted to me
It's an easy yes
I wore the new day
Pancake t-shirt at the grocery store in the fancy part of town
And they were judging
That is you win that
Oh, you win that interaction though thundercats
I think if you're wearing a new day pancakes t-shirt and anybody gets mad at you then I think you want
Okay
So anyway, I don't know again if anybody I'll try to figure it out
Oh, somebody's already got it up
Thank you smoke packs for 20 Pikachu for setting this up for me. Uh, I'll just post an example. Um
What's the best thing of the year best
Uh
Oh, you know what this will cover our for this will include the first story we're gonna do tonight best story about cops being awful
Is a category and I put it in the thread and now that's an option and I could also list
Categories for that
Um, maybe I I guess I would need to reply. Ideally, I would have just replied to my own thing probably to do that
But anyway, that's just that's an example and I'll say that that's an example
Look at me using the internet
Okay, anyway, put in whatever category you want unless it's horrifically offensive for me to say out loud
Any category goes and again, you can include the nominees yourself or we'll decide them on sunday
Along with chat and that's how the that's how that'll work
Example one
Okay, now moving on to the important news of the day
Let's see
I gotta remember how to news real quick
Nope, I just did it wrong. I just did it so wrong
Is that how that works?
Yeah
Uninformed police officers through slushies at random people and recorded it
So here's the other thing going on in my life. I recently hired
Uh a guy named well, I didn't even know I did it was sort of
Informed by crumb that he'd hired a replacement for himself named scrum
Which I then uh, you know
Trying to protect the show. I locked scrum into a multi-year contract
To be the co-host of munchend crumb. I also thought his name was crumb at the time. It turns out it's scrum
Eugene scrum or something
Anyway, I have him on a two-year contract and apparently if I don't use him I could get into legal trouble
So I'm gonna bring him to the desk now to cover this story with me. I don't know what he's an expert in
Um, or what his deal is. I just
have him
and I ha I'm
Legally obligated to use him
I
Media law is complicated. Just ask elan. Um, anyway, he's here. I think he's I think he's ready to go
Uh, so joining us now. He's running over right now at the desk. It's uh, Eugene scrum. Am I saying that right?
Yes, you're saying that right
Okay, uh, hey, thanks for being here, man. It's um
It's nice to meet you. It's nice to see someone new in the desk
Uh, you have good holidays
They were fine
Did you uh go anywhere?
And to daddy. Oh also and to daddy. You demanded a debate. We'll get to that right after this
Do I have to do that? No, I explained that you're doing the
You're doing the desk with me today the desk thing too big you made the thing too big
Oh
Oh
um
Did you go anywhere for the holidays? No
You didn't go anywhere. I stayed at home. Did you watch what did you do?
Well, I made breakfast. I made lunch
I rarely make dinner
More of a tomb deals the day of my um
Uh, did scrum seems lost that he wandered into the wrong studio scrum. Can you see chat? Can you
Is that a thing? Can you engage with can you do anything? Can you engage with chat?
Grum seems lost and he wandered into the wrong studio
Did I?
No
Yeah, I asked you to be here
Oh, why aren't any of our oh whatever the filters get more unhinged every month. What's that mean?
Don't worry about that
I'm not
Intermittent fasting champ. That's true
Yeah, I try to only eat between the hours of
8 a.m. And 8 p.m. That's 12 hours scrum
But for half the day. I'm fasting. Okay. Well, uh
Can you read it? You see the story? It's right. I got a prompter for you. It's right in front of you
On a on a uniformed police officers plural
Through slushies that random people recorded it
That sounds like fun
What sounds like the cops are having a fun time with um
That sounds like a prank that would light everybody up
I don't think you want to say cops and lighting anyone up in the same
sentence
Well, they're allowed to have fun. They're not allowed to their cops that should
Just read the story
Two officers and the undercover car were identified
As Curtis Flynn 40 and ryan wilson 36
They recorded themselves and shared video with some of their fellow officers
They were caught throwing drinks at people from unmarked cars
Do we have
Do you have a video of a cat playing piano? What I thought you're gonna ask for the video of them doing that
Wouldn't you enjoy watching a cat play piano? I guess
That's such an old thing. Yeah, but we're talking about this
I'll be grendel says scrum knows. What's up? Thank you. Uh
Mr. Whippy boo boo says sounds like high school bullying
Um s expletive. Can I curse? Sure
fucking
piss
Fucking piss
Could you curse in relation to anything? Oh
We have a video
It's nasty sickening behavior
Innocent people just standing there getting slushies thrown at them from a passing car
And you won't believe who's throwing the drinks. They're uniformed police officers patrolling the streets of louisville to tucky
You can hear them yawking it off the entire time
They actually recorded their cool antics and shared the video with some of their fellow cops
In this incident a marked police car following them records a slushie hitting a pedestrian
The outrageous attacks took place over 11 months in 2018 and 2019
But the video has only been obtained this week by the courier journal newspaper
Following a freedom of information request
locally the scandal became known as
Slushie gate after at least 24 innocent civilians had slushies like this
Throne at them the two officers in the undercover car were identified as curtis flinn 40 and brian wilson
36 they were members of an elite undercover drug task force both have pled guilty flinn was sentenced to three months
wilson got 30 months and it wasn't just slushies the accused cops also seemed to take pleasure
In driving through puddles drenching people waiting at bus stops
The mayor of louisville says the culture of the police department has changed and something like this could not happen again
We've improved focus on supervision
Incidents like that will not be tolerated to protect and serve their city not even close
Well, let's not be too quick to judge them what? I mean
police officers
They're very quick to judge them nowadays
So let's not be too quick to judge them. Hey, let's you know innocent and tell proven guilty
They've already been proven guilty. They already got a sentence
But let's not be too quick to judge them what the fuck? Oh, I mean, what is it? I don't think that's a controversial statement to say
Let's take it easy on cops. That's it. That's one of the most controversial statement scrum
Oh
Uninformed police officers patrolling the street. They are the biggest newsmakers of 2020
Do you have anything to add to this?
I like pranks
I like
They don't make me laugh
But I enjoy them
I enjoy a prank
I just like to see it. It's silly
They're cops. They're throwing it's bad
It's can't it's so it's obvious. This is a layup scrum. It's bad. That's bad behavior
for a cop
well, what's
Thin blue lime is that a new flavor? I'd love to try that. Oh my god scrum. No, don't
Can't support stuff with titles like that
Then in blue lime. It's it sounds like it's a lightly flavored lime drink. I don't really see the problem with enjoying that
I just see that I see love the hate said
That's in chat and is that a it's not a flavor. It's a joke
At the very least it's littering. That's true
The littering is a prank. No littering is just making a mess out outside here. It's bad too
Does scrum enjoy the sensation of being sticky?
I've been told I have a very sticky mouth
By who?
Friends friends
Okay
Sticky and cold no very warm. It's hot in here. Okay. Um
Well scrum. I didn't realize you're so pro police. I'm pro fairness
I'd say give the people who got hit by slushies a chance
Two a chance to what there's two sides to every story
There's the side of the fun loving police
And the side of the gaffing patron of their comedies
Their whole the whole content's relationship doesn't add up scrum
Are you an expert in anything?
Gummy bears, what do you mean? Where they're produced the types
The various manufacturers involved
Is actually an internet international process to produce a hasbro gummy bear a knockoff gummy bear
To make one yourself
I'm a fan of casting the models of gummy bears casting the models. I make custom gummy bears
Okay, um
Well, thanks. Thanks
Scrum I look forward to having you here for two more years
It's nice to be employed
I tried to get into dropshipping and before I was into that I
Um, I used to ship things in beanie babies. I called it beanie baggies
I'd slit the stomach of the beanie baby fill it with goods
And ship it along a street marine. Thank you for the 14 months scrum. I don't what I don't even I have no questions because that's too
It actually it reduced the value
Of the baby the beanie baby
When I did the calculations I
I'd lost a lot of profit by filling it with
anane things
If I just sold the babies it would have been more profitable
These are the lessons that life teaches you
Beanie baggies
I don't deal. It was a legal. It was a fully legal enterprise
Has anyone ever told you just you gotta I'm not trying to it's just you're on a screen could you
I'm glad that you seem comfortable. Well, the chair is actually not that comfortable, but
Overall, I'd say I'm at a medium level of comfort in general. I don't feel great panic or fear
But I also don't feel any strong sense of elation
Physically if my comfort level is at a general low state
All right, I knew I was trying to get out of here from you
Scrum, thanks for being here. Maybe next time we bring little energy
A banter
Scrum, uh
Did you have you seen?
Did you see the new you know, and I'm not good at this either you're struggling
You see the movie with um, sydney sweeney. No
Do you know who sydney sweeney is? No, you seen any movies on the waterfront?
I read a wikipedia synopsis of that. I haven't seen the film. Have you seen no movies? I've seen
I've seen of them
You know, okay. I keep trying to leave scrum. Thanks for being here
You can I let everybody sign off. It's a mistake, but if you want to sign off you can okay. Bye. Oh, that's it
What else?
Why you fucking flew out of here. That's crazy. I don't know. You could move that past
Okay, well, I didn't pick up. He's an expert in beanie babies. No gummy bears. I don't
I'm fucking goofed
Sometimes you hire someone and you realize that it was uh, it was a goof
And I'm unfortunately in that situation. Hey speaker to hiring people you find anybody to be your um associate producer
You have the I I I made room in the budget for you to hire an associate producer, uh, papito
Uh, um, how does that work? Uh, you I just thought you'd look around
Could you do that? Oh, okay. Yeah. All right. Well, um, thanks papito
Uh, I'm amazed anybody stuck around through. I'm sorry for that scrum situation. I'll work with him. Uh
He'll get better
Holy shit
That's how I feel under gas
Was your fame bid 2023 stories in the best of thread in the back feed on discord?
That's another thing we could we could decide the best story of the year
The best newscaster on this specific network of the year
We could pick it all
We can give out awards
for anything
And it's sponsored by all of you, but also specifically even though for some reason my
um
All of my things aren't loaded, but
Just know cv loves you tamtran
Underwritten by them also all of you are top underwriters cv
Love you and tamtran who went absolutely nutty with it last night during a lethal company stream
End of papito emote that'll get in there. We're gonna have to lose
something
We'll lose one of the older ones
Or I can make it an animated emote. I can still have room for animated emotes. I'll figure it out
That'll be my new year's goal. Papito. That's my resolution papito emote
Okay
And I need to debate as someone demand uh entity demanded a debate
I never did it because I was I got too lethal company brained
And I didn't get around to it
It's time to rectify the mistakes of the past
So let's do it now. Um
If you have anything you if entered if entities in the chat
Today from yesterday it was toilet bowl cleaners with attachments for adjustable arm
That's a good because kendall needs to know
I I did yesterday on stream
I was like kendall can we not talk about this because I just didn't I saw no resolution in sight
I should have known I could have just immediately thrown it to munch and crumb
And they would have solved it for us. I honestly don't understand the difference, but hopefully they do
So let's ask them. Uh, the only way I know how by sending it straight to them. It's time for munch and crumb
Yes, oh, I love it when my victory graphic is just still going
I feel like it should always be going because I always feel like a winner
As should each and every one of you walk because you're watching me
You're watching me right now. You're in the presence
Of greatness and from it you become great yourself. That's how this works
Unfortunately, you're also in the presence of absolute disgrace
And that's the course crumb who for some reason is still here. Well for some reason
Uh
Somebody couldn't live without me
And I just would like to remind everyone of that as I turn off your victory graphic because your victory has to be earned
And you haven't earned one just yet. Good to see everybody
Good to be in what I consider the victory sheet because it's your victory to be here with all of you
And just know I never wanted to leave and I only left for a day
Trying to claw back any scraps
Of legitimacy which you never had in the first place
And just know I was um
I
Don't know. I you know, I was uh, I was taking a lot of coding because out of sore throat
That's the only reason I ever even considered wanting to have you back
And it's a shame that you are I just want to make that clear that I hate having you here. Okay. Well
Your actions would prove otherwise, but let's actually get down to some debates today
Like we're not talking about police officers anymore in there. I'm frankly abhorred behavior
Crummy has hair on his ass
Has more hair on his ass than the full population of appellate. So well actually hair follicles
Uh, you have millions
Uh, how many is it?
Um, how many follicles?
Are on the average head
Okay, I'm just gonna look this up really quick to 100 000 hair follicles
So appellate is not a densely populated
area
So I'd say I could have a normal amount
Of of hair on my ass and it would actually still
Becoming close to the population of select areas of appellate
That is so qualified
Thunder cas is completely right
You're a mutant and a monster the amount of hair you have on your ass
Inappropriate mostly because the hair is on your ass where nobody wants to be
That's like being at the fucking tenth layer of hell nobody knew it was there
You go down there not even satan's there. It's just crumbs hairy fucking ass staring you in the face
Weeping over some dumb bullshit about how
Paper straws need to be inside of every baby's mouth or some shit
And that's hell and that's you and that's my position every day of the week. Okay, you're just fucking
ranching
But it's still good to be back
Back to your just inane free associative dribble as usual
Can we have a little
Reason debate for a minute uh to the to the topic of the day as requested by entedaddy
Is a automatic scrubber or brush
On automatic toilets not well bathroom brush
Spinge at a high speed that maybe you can't it adds a little extra oomph
So it's not all elbow grease it makes a cleaning process easier if nobody knows what we're talking about
Um, I'll pull up a picture actually. I'll add it really quick automatic
automatic
Brush cleaner
And um
None of this is quite right
automatic
Uh scrubber cleaner
Uh, thank you so much microphone 900 for the 750 bits. Okay, this is the kind of thing we're talking about. Um
Let me just see if I can
Oh, please
It's embarrassing when this takes this long
Oh shoot. What's it called?
Um electric spin scrubber. Okay, that's what I want to see
Um, um Jesus christ. What the fuck is taking you so long? I'm just trying to find it. Um
Okay, there's that
You're gonna be relieved in case people don't this is what we're talking about
I just feel so much pressure from you sometimes. It's unnecessary. I'm just trying to
Add some context for the audience. We're discussing this now. Here's the situation
Some of these come
Um with lots of attachments
Some of them come with an adjustable brush head
Which is better a fucking other attachments
Adjustable brush head just introduces unnecessary complexity. You know what fucking adjusts your arm
Just fucking adjust where your arm is
you don't need a fucking
Fully opposable die cast power ranger ass bathroom cleaner
I mean frankly you should just be using the fucking muscles that god gave you fucking scrubbing away with just your
The your hands which are callous from working in the fields like me when I clean my bathroom
I could slap some fucking soap on my set. I'm a well callous working man hands
Scrub the shower with them get all up in my toilet's business. Jesus. What that's so disgusting
I'm not afraid to clean with my clean self
Oh, well, you just revealed something. I mean way grosser than and completely unnecessary. I will say attachments
Are valuable, but I think an adjustable head will allow you to get into the nooks and crannies that you
Otherwise wouldn't be able to as you can see these are on rather long poles
So I'll take the side of adjustable head
Enjoy your attachments. The attachments can include adjustments and they reduce the complexity of the device
How do they reduce complexity now it has to handle several attachments. We're getting ahead of ourselves
um
Oh shoot. We're already halfway. We've already been oh god damn it. I need to fix that you absolutely do and you
You've revoked your time. You already talked too fucking much
Listen, do we not stand for anything in this country anywhere? Are we afraid of hard work?
You need the fucking brush to adjust itself for you
No, you adjust for the brush
Shit, actually, I don't like how that sounds you don't need a brush that fucking
Adjusts in ways you don't want
You're the one who makes adjustments with your grit and determination. You want some fucking devious brush
Flapping around in ways you can't even comprehend now
You want a nice stiff fucking brush that does what you tell it to do and when you want to adjust it
Slamming on attachments like it's a fucking megazord. Yeah, I got I got fucking power rangers on the brain today
I ain't afraid
What would you be afraid of in that context?
Look all I'm saying is when you're moving around and trying to clean you end up in a lot of positions
Where you don't have the right leverage from a given position drywood shape an adjustable head
Basically negates to the necessity of a bunch of separate parts that you have to slap on and
Congrats
We were throw the timing was thrown off and also it's
Yo, you're trying to find us a way to say I fucking win again. I'm on a fucking winning. Where's my fucking shit?
The hell where's my shit? Where's my fucking fireworks?
They're only showing up briefly when I change the screen. I don't understand what's happening
Well, look the song is playing that's what really matters and it says it on the screen because it's the truth
I'm a fucking winner
You you fucking play my my god. I'm sorry. The system's not working normally
You can't blame me every don't fucking
Get in the way of my wins
I'm back and I won you didn't leave wasn't crumb for adjustments. Oh, did I misread the poll?
Um, wait, let's turn off your pointless graphic
Yeah, oh I won what the words are very similar
I'll admit we were both confused, but the fact of the matter is I wanted it's crumbly evil
Oh
I got that the taste of victory
The taste and sweet taste of victory in your mouth for but a moment and by the righteous twist of fortune
It was forced from your mouth before you could put sup on it for seconds
I've challenged the status quo and exposed the lie then or
Hold on tight. Prepare for a ride. The truth will shine. That's my creed. This is why people I guys have to ask every time
I think I won just as much as you how you you functionally lost
Uh shaitricks barely in for for 11 much. Thank you so much for the support being with us for 11 months
I think it's no coincidence. They subscribe when I won
It's all just a coincidence unless they subscribe when I win or speak
You're crumbly. Hmm. I think I you set out one though. You agreed with me
I'm not so I think in a sense just the bridge
It kind of negates your win. No, we just it's happened many times
We've gotten confused. I'm just saying I guess if you're an absolute loser, you count that as a win, but I never
It's obviously when I'm gonna go ahead and update the score right now. Really? You're gonna update
I'm gonna update the score right now
You're crumbly
You're crumbly when I 65
I don't know if I've ever been
This close to summoning
Much it was a draw the thing everybody. I mean propaganda agrees classic draw. You can see it right there. Oh, I see it
I just I not to disagree with the viewer, but I do disagree
Because I
I
It's so good to be back
I don't get it
Stop the steel what the steel industry are about 40 years too late. Oh
I did it there. We were arguing. I think I know America's just been moved over. She's
The fucking anti-american psycho disgusting never deserves any fucking thing. Look the point is people. Let's find a fucking one
No, I didn't
It's late, you know, this is
It's weird to change the times up
I don't sundown. I just day excellent
So maybe can we move it back to the time it's supposed to be what I'm mentally more pure than anyone and could ever lose not that I did
It's good to see you while sorry we're being away. We had the holidays. I was
Did anybody be Judas? Just where the fuck did he go?
Where
in the world
Is Leonard fucking crumb. I'm right. Sorry. I was out for a second
I dropped something you fucking teleported. I dropped something
It's fine. We'll be we'll be back. That's all the time we have played the fucking music
We'll see y'all soon. Don't worry. Give it up for me
I'm fine. I'm mentally fine. We'll see you soon
Damn, you're a wizard Leonard. You fucking I saw it
it kind of
a little scary
He's got powers. Maybe they really do both have two powers
Okay
Well, there you have it attack. Um attachments
Wait, what one again? How am I confused? Adjustments
I'll tell that we I'll tell Kendall. We did it scientifically
Um, I mean if crumb won with it, it's gotta be the right answer, right? Okay. Yeah, okay. I'm seeing some
I'm seeing some good categories already in this 2023 list. Yeah, I feel free to post it as a story
Feel free to post it just as a category
Whatever you want
In this best of thread and honestly you can also just you can post them on the date, too
But I'm glad to see that you're already in there. Oh my gosh
I won't get out of 2023 with a little bit more therapy
Without that is side tricks. Did you have a particular person you wanted to be in therapy? Otherwise, I'll do it myself
Oh, shit, and we're headed to
conspiracy lane
2023 conspiracy lane
The hanging chads. I mean, it's a notoriously unfair voting system
Oh, papito papito. You want to go to the therapy? I
The hell was that papito?
Yeah, okay. I guess I'll head over because you seem busy because you gotta go to all the little guys
I do have to get to all the guys papito's heading over to therapy
Then we got to go to conspiracy town
With her boy Clementine and then we got a we got a we got to talk to Joe Joe's got to talk to Joe
The Joe's got to Joe each other get to Joe each other
Uh, thank you. I was doing a sick papito impression really quick just for a snap second. That's how good I am
The pitos headed to therapy though
Hmm
What the hell? I think that the therapist might be wearing sunglasses today
Yeah, we'll just have the therapist wear some sunglasses. Oh, all right, whatever
Anyway, it's gonna be a cool guy therapist today. Uh, it's actually
Dr. Chath's son
Is actually an animal therapist. So he's kind of cool. So he wears his officially licensed dj music sunglasses
You get it. Let's send it over to therapy. It's just that easy
To normalize a therapy
So let's do it
Okay, sweet. It's therapy time. It's therapy time and I'm here. I'm a dog
I'm happy to be in therapy
And you're a human
Yo
Okay
Nice bribe
So baller
Okay, it's up
Sorry double chat from screens from
Two chats
Drip it in dope
Thanks
All human compliments or greetings feel similar to me because
I'm a dog
I don't have a great sense of permanence for anything other than smells and faces
but
Because I like faces now. I'll remember you I'll probably get excited when I see you. I'll be like
Just so you know
How does it feel to finally have been told your name but still be rejected by fee
Poor thing remembers that humans love unconditionally
They do just like me so
I she gave me a name and I think that's the important thing to remember here is that she cares and she gave me a name
And I'm a dog
You got the antiques. What?
I wish someone would donate subway subs to the stream
Because you want any subway subs? Haha poor papita
What was I wrong is it easy is it like easy getting around as a dog?
Everyone in the channel kind of sounds like chat
No, man. I saw never why don't I see that chat?
BLT's for papito
What do you think of the?
What do you think of the taco bell?
what the
A place that smells like
Somehow like vegetables and meat to me
It smells like meat a little bit, but like a lot of other smells
Whenever I walk by that building that I've I've been told is taco bell. I'm like
What the hell is happening in there?
And I do want it, but it also it sets off all my sensory alerts to be like danger
No, it's dangerous. And I'm like I want it
Can you smile what the crumb is cooking?
No
Uh does crab cook?
I don't
Do dogs have that dog in them?
I have my dog
Papita, are you scared of all day fireworks?
Yeah, that's what are they
Humans explain they're like
It's a thing for a holiday. It feels like a war
And like we're all gonna die and I why would you do that? I know it doesn't make any sense. It's scary
Skype yeah sky booms. They're like little bombies in the sky that are gonna get you
Do you ever dream of running around?
I do run around
So yeah, I also it's a big part of what I do. I dream about it, but I'd say every night
Sometimes I wake up my legs are tired. I feel like I've been really doing it
How do you feel about taking peter gritton's only source of income as a producer?
Hey, what's a reefer? I don't know how this works, but I like to eat it
He subscribed and I've been told that's good
Oh the peter thing. I don't what I
Money isn't edible, right? So what's the big deal?
Do you like wearing a suit?
Yeah, it's so fun. It's cute for a dog to wear human clothes. That's a thing we all know and when you put it on us, we know
That is cute
Nom nom. Yeah, I like the nom nom. I like that
So do you have do you chipa cobra creatures still have like the red pencil like regular dogs?
I'm a dog
and
That means I've got whatever it you're mentioning, but I've got the dog parts
Damn
Let's not talk about pipitas pencil
I can't write because of I have paws if you jam a
Pencil between my popping my little pop
pause
Which you can do it just makes me freak out. I slam the pencil around the telephone
That's how that works
Should we move you have a lot of segments should we move on?
Do you also eat the hundreds of subs from cv loves you and tamtramp?
I I'm full actually because
They've dropped a bunch of little chumpy sub biscuits for me and I spent all night being like
And in my imagination, I imagine they were steaks and eggies
And like and it was so real to me that I'm full
Wet or dry dog food. That's a good question
Hmm
Well, Pepito ever find love
Yeah, I did. All right
Pepito going on puppies. I if I am pregnant a lucky
street dog
Yes, just a little dog like me. So it all works it fits
Yeah
Let's move one more. Can I do one? Let's do one more of whatever you're whatever these things are you're asking me
Therapy is this therapy?
I don't get it the concept that well, but is this that?
Okay
Does Fiona's
Girlfriend hate you
I haven't met her
But if fiona loves her I love her so I'd assume it's all love
Yay
Excuse me
Fiona birthed you. I mean, I think that's how it works
When a human
Loves you
It is your parent
and so
In a sense, I didn't exist before fiona because she's everything to me
Everything
Yeah, yeah, oh
What
Yeah, exactly. I gotta I should go
Uh
She said I should go so I should probably go
Anyway, human therapy is good because the human speaks to you and it's fun when humans do mouth stuff with their noises
Zool
I had so many other things you guys said I don't track
Zool
Okay, I better go because the case has to talk to himself or something. Okay. I'll see y'all soon
It's fun to be a dog
Yeah, I was wearing my dj news at commemorative class
In honor of dr. Chess nephew who's aspiring to be a
You think you got it
Bye, but you know, it's good to be a dog. It's good to know
It's good to know that they like to be that. Oh, shit. You know, I just realized it still says I'm playing lethal company
Jokes on everybody on the lethal company
Side of twitch because I'm actually just chatting
I tricked them all
Okay, we got two more seconds to get through tonight
It's conspiracy time and it's joe rogan time
Let's go backwards for the hell little joe rogan and then we'll cap it off a little conspiracy time
Um
Yeah, that's fine. It'll all work everything will work great
You you know how this works. It's two joe rogans. They're on retainer for me to um
It's you know
To do a show but on my show
I bought joe rogan is what I'm saying and I put two of them
I bought two joe rogans and they're both here and they're ready to answer your questions
Or maybe just rant. It's always a little unclear. It's time for the joe rogan experience
The joe rogan experience
Were you wearing a papito mask?
Yeah, jamey made everybody papito masks
They're they're probably the best thing he's ever done. They're incredibly realistic
But he wore hit the skin on his hands. He shredded the skin on his hand
doing it
And honestly, he refuses to
Go to a hospital or wearing any bandages. He's free bleeding out of his hands
All over the place
Um because he made those masks too quickly but on I will get it to him incredibly well
Yeah, I mean
He's ruined whatever keyboard he's supposedly using to
Produce the stream. Is that what he does?
Well, it's a podcast. He produces the pocket. Um
Okay, anyway, how you been man. Oh, dude, I've been
Out of classic holiday experience
Me and the the the the things that are my kids and the lady is my wife
um, we
Bonded and stuff. I drink some jack. I took a couple ice baths
Um, I mean I I took all the correct supplements. Um, I kept my macros in order
Nice, I mean, that's what I like to hear. Did you get anything good?
Um
I mean, I basically I'm so rich. I do just buy whatever I want right away
So it's kind of cute when people even attempt to get me a gift
Oh my son
Um
We have a son
Hey, you know, I I consider all my I consider the world to be my son in a sense
And I think what it gave me was slippers that were honestly from Target and it was sort of a pathetic display
But uh
You know, that's cute. It's cute when people try
That is the yeah, man. It's a really good point. It's funny how it's funny when people try to relate to you when you're
When you're honestly like above anything they can imagine
Yeah, man, it's crazy to be like
Sort of in a different dimension than everybody else honestly
Anyway, uh, how's chat with the one who's a chat?
Yeah, man, uh chats. They're here
Didn't get a Christmas tree. Just thought he was one
I mean
There's a lot of people who think
That actually Darwin had it wrong and we actually evolved from trees
I mean, I made a very real sense
I feel like we did because like plants were first and not enough people give plants credit for that like
If you go far enough back and even like
um
this is like proven
science from like, uh
I think Neil deGrasse Tyson Tyson's
His son Tyson
Um had made a speech about how like uh in a sense we're all just plants because they were first
Give them credit. They had firsties. They called shotgun on organ being an organic
Being and that's why I really like we're all them. We are plants. I'm I'm like probably at least 70 tree
Yeah, I mean I I like it said that we forgot how to do photosynthesis because
If I could just fucking lay out
And like that would be food I didn't have to like
Look or I mean, I got people cook formula to be real that if I'd have to hire a fucking chef
And I have to like hear him talk about his day sometimes
Like I could just instead stare at the sun like stare directly at it and just I'm like goku out like go straight superman mode
That would be incredible
That's fucking such a that's so
Dude like plants have it so fucking good and honestly it's because like they figured it out first man
Like first thought best thought and like life's first thought was like just give me some fucking sun dude and like it sucks that
Like now we gotta like I mean meat's obviously fucking good
I'm not so I'm not trying to be like don't eat meat like Jesus Christ, of course not but like if we could just eat sun
Sun's like where all the meat comes from so if you could just eat sun directly
Can you imagine like that's you're cutting out so many middlemen and like I love efficiencies
And honestly, that's like like one of the few advantages we have as a country is like we still love efficiently
And that's such a good point dude
Like we're one of the few people worth probably the only country that's trying
That really gets like the plant energy that you're talking about that like in a sense
We're all plants who are like really efficient. Anyway, um
Uncle Phil two cases they celebrated Christmas as intended by ordering a shit ton of chinese food
I mean dang uncle a damn man like you know uncle Phil that's like
So like I don't I'm not trying to say like China is always bad. It's so they're taking over everything. It's fucking crazy
Dude, that is fucking crazy like they it's like mostly what people eat
But like we literally eat a chinese general
Americans like they're putting a chinese general in their body every like and that's that's like a trojan horse
And we I don't even think about it like they they're telling us like general so he's in you now
Uh and
How do you start he's already there? He's already in you fucking what's his like Brad Pitt's already in your stomach the trojan horse
He'd fucking ate it
Dude, that's such a good point. Like we people don't even understand that like
Honestly espionage can happen in all forms like sexy
um
Johnny depth style espionage
comedic Steve Carell style espionage
Food style espionage where it's a food. That's uh, well, that's basically putting a foreign agenda in your stomach. Anyway, um
I mostly eat uh, just
I've been trying to eat uh, I called steak sashimi lately
Oh, interesting. What's that?
It's just when you don't cook steak. He does eat it. Um, so like
Raw is raw is the word. No, that's a show. It's it's sashimi
You know, that's actually a japanese
That's actually japanese words in a sense you were doing espi- japanese espionage on your stomach
That's fucking crazy man. I mean, that's true. It's so easy to fall into that shit
But yeah, I mean, I guess I I did have I sorted my japanese my stomach this christmas. Fuck
Anyway
Uh america didn't meant fortune cookies and chop suey
Oh
Okay, see that is you can't fight back you like can't fight back against this stuff
And that's why it's like important to be aware and conscious of these kinds of issues because like
It's it's not just one sided like they sneak into our stomachs and then we sneak into theirs by
By like by like uh by like free marketing and basically like people love fortune cookies. They love chops doing and um
And like that's why it's so important to like anything and just rub, you know
Yeah, man
Roslaw
I agree. Uh, I mean cooking like hey, here's a great point. Just to bring it back to plant
Have you ever seen a plant cook?
Of course, they'd cook in the sun
But they don't what's what the sun
Like do you smell what the sun is cooking photosynthesis
In a sense like um, that's a I'd go on you're making a lot of sense
Yeah, wake up exactly plop dumps exactly like wake up
Like uh, if a place if a plant doesn't have to cook, why should we again?
They were first and like what you really want to do is return your stomach back to the primordial soup that we were all
Boot-Birthden by simplifying your diet as much as possible
90 protein
5 alpha brain
and then
4 miscellaneous 1
percent
History actually you can eat history. Um, if you listen to the red podcast
Oh, I I'd say like a good 1 portion of my diet is Dan carlin and I get actual sustenance from
Yeah, man. I mean it's the most hardcore history like and the most hardcore things actually do provide
Um jewels of energy for your body
The sun feeds the plants
Uh, the warm the sun feeds the plants the warm the meat in more sun
Then gets deep fried in more sun than you loaded in a double barrel shotgun and firing straight up your butt
It's from card game and I think they're honest. I think you're making a lot of sense
Like if you really break down what he's saying like the sun warm you up
I mean that's on debits. That's undeniable. I mean ever it if if if we can even agree that the sun warm you up anymore like
Like how do we even talk to each other?
I'm dude, there's people out there that like
They get offended if you said the sun's hot they'd be like no the sun is just
Uh
It's actually just it I the sun identifies as cold. Oh, dude. You just next that's a really smart thing. You just said
I mean, it's you know, I get in trouble for seeing stuff like this that the sun identifies as cold
but that's the sort of stuff that uh
You can really only say like in my comedy club and on this podcast
Anyway, the sun warm you up. I know that's gonna offend some people but I do mean that
The meat in more sun than gets deep fried. So like
If the the meat is is from the sun
But in the process of life, it actually gets deep fried in more sun than he loaded in a double barrel shotgun
That's the process of innovation. That's a really good point like on all of us in a sense are just
deep fried meats that are
um
That are sort of iterating and innovating
And and and in a sense that's like shotgunning and then anyway firing straight up your butt
And that's just the process of ultimately
Acknowledging your inner power
um and that power coming from both the sun innovation
And uh, the great primordial soup that is plant brain
Yeah, man
I've been reading a lot about plant brain. Um
Some really smart guys have been on you're talking about plant brain
It's uh, I mean a lot of this philosophy doesn't even come from me
It comes from like so really fucking smart dudes. I'm like, I'll admit I'm a fucking dumb ass
Like dude, I yeah, like that's just like again. I like that's what's so crazy with the show
Is it's like I'm a fucking idiot. Yeah, exactly like I'm a fucking dumb piece of shit
I don't know fucking anything like I'm a fucking idiot
Yeah, I'm like I never I don't say it enough but anyway like plant brain will change your life
It's like basically the only way to live you should only eat raw
Um, you should eat 90 protein
You should get a portion of your diet from history and if you're not doing those things honestly
You're living your life completely wrong. You should be deeply ashamed of yourself
And you should ever never family and you should be successful. Yeah, I mean you honestly won't be
Anyway, uh, it's gonna fucking talk to you man
Like it pisses me off that the holidays happen because frankly, I would really just fucking
Be here. That's a great point man. Like this is the only place I feel safe
I feel like I'm in this contained room that in a sense is my brain
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I feel like I'm sort of trapped but in that in that absolute confinement is my only sense of relief
um
And uh, no one can enter here
Uh without for submitting to my mindscape
And that's the beautiful thing about podcast. Yeah, uh, that we are absolutely dominating everyone with our mindscape
And I think that's basically undeniable
Jamie is
Possibly dead
Yeah, he was I guess you do run out of blood, right?
He is not moving
I mean, he shredded his hands on a level that
I mean, are they even hands anymore?
Oh, okay. He's actually he just squeak like a squeaky toy. He's that tall a squeaky toy earlier. So that means he's breathing
Yeah
All right, I guess I gotta go I gotta go bandage him up or feed him blooders. Uh, feed him blood
I'll feed him some raw blood. That should do it. Yeah, just get some blood in him and he'll be fine
I mean, you know, he'll swallow the toy. He's processed. I mean, I think he can
He's eating enough plastic that you can process now. He's eating so much plastic
Okay, Jamie. Jamie, I'm gonna come over
Uh, this is a Joe road experience. I gotta deal with this one. Jamie. It's gonna be fine. Just honestly
Honestly bleeding the trash can the Joe Rogan experience
Hmm. I mean even I didn't track that one
I have no idea what they were talking about. Feed us blood
Upset it. I agree. Upsetting is always
I just know it's just as upsetting for me as it is for you
Maybe. Okay. Uh, let's send it over to some conspiracy time. Honestly after that, it'll feel reasonable
If we do them in this order, then frankly, the slightly more reasonable one is clementine
Was that less upsetting than Jordan Peter than Jordan Peterson?
I don't know how Jordan how's Jordan Peterson doing lately. I can I never know if he's
Uh, condemning doing drugs are currently in
Some form of relapse himself
Uh, but you know, I wish him to whatever. Yeah, I hope he's fine and that his opinions someday get better
Okay, let's send it over to clementine verne
For the unvernished truth. Uh, this was requested by
Propaganda propaganda if you have a particular conspiracy theory, you want to see unearthed today
If you don't mind throwing it in the chat
We'll get right to it
We'll clementine. Well, let's send it over to him. It's time for some conspiracies
Good evening mind travelers. It's the witching hour where you are, but here it's actually pretty bright out
Where am I?
Wherever it's bright
You don't need to know that's for me to know and us to truth out actually don't look up where I live
I do prefer the anonymity
Our conspiracy the movie anyone but you was released on the 22nd
Of december so people would fuck during the holiday season to keep them warm
That's coming from propaganda. This is a conspiracy
About the film anyone but you
which of course is
I think a soft-core porn featuring sydney sweeney and um
Val Kilmer's son or something like that
I might not have that right, but it's something like that
I've had my eye on this film for a while. It doesn't feature rustle crow
I do feel like it's a center of a lot of conspiracies, but it does feature
Maybe the most unsettling thing of all which is rich attractive white people getting married
Who you know plus like a weird smorgasbord of cultures that they've assembled around themselves to essentially be
Servants in the story to their love
Is that moral?
Is that all right to do?
No, it's a conspiracy actually to make us horny for
To just sort of blatantly attractive people in a way that's frustrating
To begin to break down this conspiracy
I think it's necessary for us to watch the trailer so that we're all starting from a place of knowledge
Of information, which is what we broke her in here
Now information is of course the wrong reading
But music is spark is the truth and that's what we're ordained as we break down
this dark
Fantasy twisted you might even say
Um from sydney shweenie check out the new and um
You know the fucking guy from talk girl ever his name is
They're they're demons. They're their messages from the illuminati and i'm not afraid to expose them. So let's do it now
Check out the new trailer for my new movie my movie. It's actually my movie. Well, we'll see this movie
There's when it comes out. Okay
Check out the new trailer for our new movie anyone but you already you can see there's just there's dissent
There's
conflict
Built into this
I can't even agree whose movie it is. They're trying to introduce mental weakness into you. You're lost. You're searching
Oh his film is this
There's no telling and thus you're already the ground is disappearing beneath you. Let's continue now
Better
Just play the trailer
Please upset enjoy
Hey
Head of the wedding of my sister. Yes. I am so where's your fiance? Where's this him?
Hey, i'm ben. I was her whole pass on your break. Wow. You are a child
It's pretty long flight. Do you want anything from the front of the boat? I'm all good on creatine and small dick insecurity
Nothing small about me. All right. I just like to point out every layer of this movie is seeded with deception
who is
Is fiancee whose ear fiancee is his dick big or little
Constantly this movie is bombarding you with a shaky reality confusing your mind
obviously this guy has a big dick because
he's a movie star and
Obviously this guy's just fucking geese is he can't have a chance with sydney sweeney. It's confusing
I'm confused. I don't track it. It's making me angry
It's making me upset it's turning my brain into putty and now i'm ready to absorb the horniness from this movie
And forget the dark troubling realities of my day-to-day life
And obviously that's pretty troubling stuff. Let's continue about me
What the that's the jerk movie god with winchams on her break from jonathan. I could never be with someone like him
Wait, they hate each other
Look at him in our wedding
Sorry
Is it going stranger going on over there? They dated she crushed his heart that man does not have a heart
All right, wait a minute. They just gave up the whole game there
He ain't even got a heart and yet he's walking around looking sexy
But she just admitted that he's basically a different creature. He's an alien. He ain't got a heart
Or maybe he's a plant like joe rogan was talking about
He's one of the original humans that evolved straight out of a tree
No need for a heart because he's pumping pure pure sun energy through himself
Let's continue
I'm just saying this movie is telling you what it is
And we're just gobbling it up because there's a nice soundtrack under it that makes it sound fun
Actually, what they're telling you is I'm not human. I'm here to destroy your mind
I'm here to make you rid of it insecurities because I'm so fit and you kind of look like shit
And we continue no way honey. Look who's here. Who is it my ex jonathan?
My parents have been trying to get us back together. He's like a son to us
He's like a son everyone we're together. What it would solve that problem for me and you clearly want margaret
She sees her with me. She wants what she can have. There's no way we can convince anyone. We actually like each other
You know, I still think about that night we spent together shut up. No, I'm serious
Wait a minute. Oh now there's a huge butt on screen. He's so pretty amazing and some abs
convincing enough
Let's do it
I'd just like to point out the deception
Insecurity
Shaky grunt. What's even happening who likes who who's whose kids who has a heart and who doesn't
And what are they top that all off with intense horniness that turns you on attractive abs and butts everywhere
You don't understand anything other than that
You like the way that those bodies look and you'd like to see them on top of you
And now they've got you because you're horny and confused
And basically we'll be able to devour anything they feed you and they're about to feed you some sloppy little piggies
So let's get into it. There he is. Oh, no, I'm with Benny
So is it likely just got together or we thinking around let's just be affectionate showtime permission to put my left hand on your right buttock
granted
not a magic lamp
Straight in each other's pants. Good. I'd damn it
We have to take it up a notch
Nice touch. Nice turns
Oh, no, no, it's gonna be hard
And now they're actually trying to convince you that people who look like this eat cheese
Which they simply can't nor can they eat white bread, especially if you add mayonnaise to it, which it looks like they did
They're completely lying to you. You know, both of these people are completely tracking their macros
They're breaking down their protein 40 40 20 protein carbs fat and they there's just no fucking way
They let cheese touch their mouth. Let's continue whoever gonna learn
Fuck it. It's fine
Titanic me. Are they watching?
Are they doing titanic?
They're gone shows over. Oh my god
Do you have a more or something any bit? No
One might be in you
There's just straight up man's pick behind a better way to check them what I did
Why do we mess what did we miss?
Fuck it. It's fine
everything
Every the the powers that be tell you exactly what they're doing directly. It's the most troubling thing of all
How is that trailer end with a spider?
What is a spider is spooky?
Well, it's a spooky the snake
What is a snake famous for making you eat the forbidden fruit of knowledge?
in this case a forbidden spider in his pants making you eat the forbidden horniness of
two movie stars that
I'm like fuck or something
What this film is really telling you is anyone but you meaning you're never allowed
to be this hot or this sexual
You they're gonna do it for you get horny, but don't but not you
Anyone but you they're pulling at you and say the power is ours
We're sexy. We don't have hearts. We feast on spiders and we rub each other's butts like lamps
We ain't human
They will worship us because well, let's be real. They look they fucking look good. I'll admit like Jesus christ
They're about fucking fit. It's wild see
But also there's I think they're from space
I don't think it. I feel like I know it. I feel like we've proved it purely by watching the trailer, but just
To properly cite my sources and do my research. I'm going to type into the youtube search bar
Sidney Sweeney conspiracy
and just see
If anybody for some reason made a video about that the Sidney Sweeney controversy explained
And it's only four minutes long. So that's doable for me. So let's give that a shot
I don't even know what this is. I'm assuming it's how she's probably a
plant alien
Inhuman form sent to soften our brains with a beautiful sexuality
To soften us up for the inevitable takeover of our free will
Let's see what that's probably what this video is about. Let's check it out
American actress Sidney Sweeney gained her popularity through the show everything sucks on netflix
And since then they're telling you again in notoriety with two Emmy nominations for best supporting actress for her roles in euphoria
And white lotus the Emmy awards weren't the only upcoming celebration for her
However, as over the weekend she also celebrated her mother's 60th birthday
She threw what she called an impromptu hoedown and the entire theme of the party seemed to be cowboys
It looks like it was a pretty good time
And sydney also shared photos and videos of the celebration to her instagram page
However, close viewers noticed that there was something in one of the photos that they found pretty upsetting
And controversy quickly started spreading across the intro as more people shared what they had found
So let's take a look at the celebration and what has people talking
As I said before she threw a surprise hoedown for her mother
Everyone's outfits consisted of cowboy hats boots and other wild west accessories
She could even be seen riding on a mechanical bull
The celebration takes place at their farm in Idaho where the actress grew up
She posted a gallery of photos and videos to her instagram page with over 14 million followers
And with so many people following you it makes sense that at least a few of them are going to look pretty closely at the
Contents of the images in the last picture
You can see sydney and her mother standing in front of a table with a cake on top of it
Behind them you can see an unnamed and unknown person wearing a blue lives matter t-shirt
The emblem of a black and white american flag with a blue line through it
The blue lives matter movement is well known for being a counter movement against black lives matter
Her brother Trent Sweeney also uploaded his own series of pictures to instagram
In these you can see people wearing red hats that appear to match the make america great against style
But he explains that they actually just say make 60 great again
Despite this people who saw the shirt and hats took to social media to share their displeasure about what they thought were incorrect political views
Many messages showing up on social media apps like twitter whether it be actual criticism or jokes made in a negative light final
I just like to point something out. This is controversial. I do think I've got a point here
Yes, blue is on the flag
But what's the principal color on that flag?
gray
Why would you take all the color of american flag?
People think it symbolizes the police
But what if it actually symbolizes the grays?
And the blue line running through it
Is a straight-up alien laser beam the very color laser beam that they'll someday use to incinerate your entire family
They're trying to soften up your brain. So you don't notice these things why parading sexy blonde women in front of you
And they have the literal war symbol in front of you a gray flag with the laser beam running through it
and then
The harbinger of doom that is sydney sweeney's breasts is distracting you from the reality of the situation
But she's one of them don't let the cowboy hats fool you. Oh, she's american
No, then big flying saucers on their heads that was proven by the movie that the get out guy did
Well, very visionary filmmaker in my opinion because he finally associated the cowboy hat with aliens
You think it's a western theme little cowboy themed
Why is this even for birthday?
hollywood people don't celebrate birthdays
Every day for them to birthday to concert back an alien order. I bended them
I don't care anymore because I'm just too big for it. Honestly too mentally big for it
She doesn't need a birthday. She's parading her alien agenda right in front of you
And you take it hook line and sink it. Why because honestly again, she looks fucking good. She does look she looks great
And I really like her in white lotus. I'll be real. She's
We have stumbled into some serious shit
A full-on alien party featuring
straight alien head attire
And a gray flag with a laser beam through
I don't even have to rest my case
The case has been that was existing. I simply
Like Thanos pulled the moon of reality
Down in front of us all and now it's collided with your brain and there's no stopping
The truth was out there and I summoned it
to where
I think you know and I think I'll continue to do it next time because the truth will remain
You get that it'll be it'll be right here. So I'm that's what I'm building up to
Geez rogan and that guy back to back
Is uh, you know, that's the vibe
the vibe for your brain to dead to
Just saying same things for that long. Um, okay
Quite twitching. I don't know why that uh, I like that comment so much but I have to admit I do
Uh
Okay, I think I mean I can't top that coming soon and an anus on you
I think that's I think it's a great place to end the stream
Starting to keep it a little short today. I did also start, you know much later than I usually do
I should take care of a few things tonight before I
Head out for the night. I also have to set some things up for this, um
stream on sunday
How long has
Bruce been streaming
Weird I can't see four hours. I think bruce will keep streaming for longer than four hours
Yeah, let's remember to actually type it into my twitch jam
All right, oh golden boys on really
And I haven't really I've been able to read golden boy in a while. I'm gonna read golden boy
I just can't help myself
Um, okay
Uh, thank you all case heads
Thank you
For to the case heads and to each and every one of your own heads
Let's raid uh golden boy
FTW
Yeah
Nice the raid has been created
Uh, we just wish golden boy happy holidays for me
I haven't talked to golden boy in a while. I hope I see him again soon. Uh a great guy
One of the one of the things I actually missed about g4 getting to work with uh people like golden boy
So wish him happy holidays for me as I have to jettison out of this apartment for a little bit
Which holidays every holiday but christmas actually
That's the only one I refuse to wish happy holidays for you wish a merry christmas
Uh, it's dealer's choice
GB's a good guy
All right, y'all I'll be back on sunday in the afternoon
noonish ppt
um
And until then if you have
Do you have any thoughts on what kind of categories you'd like to see celebrated at this prestigious?
I'd so I'll pick a name for it pick a name for it tonight
Uh
Creamies no, it's just on my street. I don't want to call it the cream awards
binnies
I'll think of something better in the meantime. I hope you're having a great week. Hopefully add some time off for the holidays
Um, and hopefully we'll see you sunday. Bye. Bye everybody