Hello everybody
Better undead resident evil or fallout. I do have to go with resident evil in that one. I just saw that pull. That's exciting
Good to see everyone easy Saturday stream couldn't stream that much this week
But you know, I I'm on a mission to finally get Leon out of this
Island now used to be a castle for months. It was a cast
today we're going for the island
Kendall's at like a
Bachelorette thing
So she's gone all day
And while the kennel's away
CIA
Well, we'll play
CIA play just a little late CIA play
But yeah, and you're ready to to get out of that castle. I mean I've been ready
for
So insanely long
Yeah
Yeah, but you put the CNA. What is that? Oh
nice
Yeah, you do. Yeah
Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah
finally on
Yeah, I'm in my tactical hoodie today
Just ignore that in the wide it looks like I'm not
But this is a special from the merchant tactical hoodie. It's cold on this island
I've heard it's also cold in Los Angeles. It is it's unseasonably cold
And I refuse
to close my door
Door open door policy. They get very little ventilation in this apartment, which I'll never leave apparently
Yeah, are you supposed to be moving?
Supposedly but we haven't done it yet
Anyway, Leon, you ready to do this thing? I already said. Yeah. All right
Let's do this. Oh my god, make your way to the summit a 40 40 streak reverie wolf. You're a legend an
Absolute legend of the game
great job
Okay, let's be gamers
Oh, that's crouch I've been playing a different I've been playing other games and now I think it's you again. All right
What were we doing?
Old that obvious I just wanted to don't check there wasn't gold in the other direction
Obviously, I'm not leaving behind gold. Oh my god. I just forgot. I killed my best enemy friend
Grouser
Get a still it's still really weighing on me
You just remembered it's been days
I was staying around in this room. It's not thinking much over. Oh, look at these pretty curtains
That's gotta be their sanctuary. Oh my gosh
She's in man. She looks so contrite. She's praying the human away
What else we got look at this guy
Okay, their defenses are no joke
All right, what else we
Anything cool anything weird going on nope just some normal island stuff
Plastic normal island stuff nothing nothing not even like a weird joke for me to zoom in on
Oh Easter eggs here. Okay, fine. Why would they leave Easter eggs? See if I can kill some people
Sorry, I mean um tactically defend my country
I was we uneven. Oh, wow
It's not zoom in that much and I killed them from here. We're gonna just not waste you
Hmm. Oh my god more merchant endless merchant mode
Yeah, it's it's that's a level past the stand your ground defense Street Marine
It's uh, they're coming right for me defense much like a self-proclaimed the Cochrane defense. They did that one, too
In Florida if they're coming right for you from far away. It's still legal
Mm-hmm. I don't know merchant. What are you selling tuning up the band? I don't I I need
$60,000 and a ticket needs care every once in a while could be the difference between life and death
See, I would have thought this would like make it
Unbreakable, but it just makes it faster
Although how fast is that that like really fast wait a minute you can
Have a combat knife and a fighting knife
There's two knives. You don't get one knife till so late in the game. I should probably get rid of one
I mean, I've already upgraded this knife. So I just stick with that one
These knife upgrades are messing with my head
Reload speed sure whatever spend all the money
Thank you
It do need to put some stuff away though for instance. We have too many knives
Oops I am bad at buttons go to storage
No
Store okay, what else do I not use everything else I kind of use
You know this guns not very good. I
Mean this gun neither of these guns are very good, but we'll keep them anyway. I
Remember now in the original Resident Evil
When I really wanted it to go for a power run
I wouldn't even I would just like sell this immediately so that they don't drop ammo for it
Is the TMP's kind of crap compared to your handgun. Yeah, I said it. I said it don't insult my guns
Every gun is sacred case
You wouldn't understand the bond between a man and his blade guns
blade guns
Final fantasy I guess alright. I think everything else is fine. Oh, we do have this but no gun to use
We'll store this friend. Oh, we can it will hold on to it. Oh customizes our case
Okay, whatever. What are you doing, merchant?
Hard times must be roads in the building all right more of that
and
Not more of that more of
That yeah
Else. Oh
We're locked and loaded. We're ready to do things
We do have too many knives too many knives in the kitchen more things to shoot fun view
Where's Crousers corpse? I think he got away. I think he got away with it
Crows are alive. Oh
Shit, they saw me right away. Oh
My god
Could that be oh my god, it's Mike
Dude, it's my boy Mike. Oh, we're we're we're golden now boys
Assuming that's Mike, which I think it is
There's literally nothing to worry about this guy's literally you're gonna love this guy
Nothing gets me over the death of Crouser quicker than this guy
He's now come on boys come meet my friend Mike
Where's your pirate shooting we did already kill we think we killed all the pirates
It's a good day because they're all dead. It's also a sad day
Moral like take this guy out for
Come on Mike. You got this
Mike
Are you going man? Oh, don't shoot me?
Mike loves to joke around. Oh, all right, Mike's
Taking it easy for now. Mike's wants me to warm up, so
All right, they see good to see you. I kind of want Mike to shoot these guys
Leon's been toting how great Mike is
Lou that guy's had Mike take him out good. I'm hearing so many guys
Okay, Mike was out here killing some guys. We missed it. I'm just gonna hang out here and kill everybody
Stop dude. Oh my god, Mike. We almost standing right there. Don't worry. I dodged it
That's the one of the things they teach you in the CIA is missile dodging. I just dodged the explosion
It's not a big deal. Mike met Mike met well
Way to go Mike classic Mike
Classic Mike more pirate murder. I guess he could go for the high high high score. We miss it
Wait a minute. Treasure
What kind of treasure?
How do we get back there?
Hmm. Oh, it's right ahead of me
But we're at where's Liam?
I'm here
Treasures all the way back there
The fuck did we move?
Go backwards
Quickly retreat backwards Leon. Oh Mike. Mike. It's me. Oh
Hell yeah, you see this guy not bad at all
What's up? You took this guy's leg up. I was crawling around and showed him who's showed him who's boss. Uh-oh
Nice
Mike you're the best you're straight up the best get stabbed
You know what? I'm in such a good mood. I'm not even gonna waste time and go
Sorry, it wouldn't be a waste, but I'm not gonna go get that treasure that I definitely
It's only because Mike's put me in such a good mood
Oh Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike
Thank god he's saved up in the helicopter and nothing bad can happen to him. Yeah, that's a relief
Uh-oh the hell's going on there. Oh my god. That's a job for Mike. We gotta stop it for Mike
Oh my god, Mike's in danger. This is the most important mission we've had yet. No, it's fucking locked
No
Please okay to stay out of stuff and break these boxes to check the goodies, of course
But then I'm gonna really focus up and save Mike
No, oh my god
Whoa, what the fuck
We're trying Mike. Oh, we're gonna get my stuff though. Are we supposed to be going?
Yeah, we go low
Good old backdoor Leon
We gotta save Mike. What the fuck how do we get up there? Okay
Ow the wrong buttons is fun for me god
We really got that guy
How dare they
The fuck we didn't stop the turret at all
How do we stop this turret?
I need to save Mike. It's like we should be able to do something in this room
We need to save them dammit. Yeah, these do a thing. How about you?
This guy lights there now
Ow
No ladders I guess
Must be some other thing down here
The way we are anyway
As usual, I'm lost
Big draw situation
We'll just have one little herb. One little herb will get us there. Oh my god this guy
What do you think you're doing? Oh my gosh. All right
I was missing for fun
Sometimes it's fun to miss
There now we're talking. You think you got a gun? I got a gun
Oh, I don't have infinite ammo though
There we go
I'll watch a mic thing. That's exciting. What the hell? Oh my god. Look at all these guys
Oh, yeah, I can use this a nice
Mike's having fun now all these guys
Oh my god, Mike
Is that you Mike? Holy hell. Look at my go
Jesus Mike
I told you man. He's the best
Anthony I am so useful. I don't know why they didn't send this guy sooner
Mike's really busy obviously. He's up to a lot of cool stuff. He's a master
Yeah, Mike said
Mike's an absolute master of war crimes
One of the best one of the best to ever war crime
Absolute beast of war crimes
I consider myself pretty good at war crimes, but
He's a smooth criminal
There's gold up here. How do we miss gold? Where is it?
Well, what the hell is that? It says we missed stuff, but did we?
What did we miss and where?
This is why it's taking me a million years to be at this game. There's a yellow herb though
All right, so it's down here
You headed towards the behind us
These ruts don't feel like they're connected the way it says there. Oh, it's down this way
Oh, it's not done. It's up there
Like a whole upper area. I miss
Maybe now we're now we're figuring it out
Old
What else am I missing?
straight up
Beautiful gift of treasure. It's just sitting there
Waiting to be taken. All right
Back this way. Oh my gosh more stuff. This music is great
If anybody's wondering they pipe this music into my my
My comms so that I feel pumped up too
I'm just double checking that I didn't straight up run past a bunch of really obvious stuff
Which I probably did but okay, this is the beginning again. All right
This is where a treasure is apparently
supposedly
Back here. Are they lying to me?
Am I being lied to?
What what's that something around here?
Oh, it's too. Oh my gosh. So sneaky
These Spanish Transylvanians love to hide their delicious rubies and golds
In oddly hung lamps and it's a tradition. I do respect that's Leon's version cultural sensitivity
Whoa, there's a gun up there. We could use the whole time
Damn
It's like floor wall turkey
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. What the hell look at all that stuff
Where'd all that stuff come from? Oh my god so much money and bullets
There's so much money and bullets hiding everywhere. All right, we're gonna use our
hour of foresight here
The knot just running and die
Uh-oh still alive
impressive
Who else? All right, we're gonna. Oh, what the what?
Come on. Let's go up there
I want to use this gun
Come on everybody. Let me use this gun. Oh my god. Check this out. This is some this is gonna be some mic-like action
What the that was super unaffected
Whoa, what the hell damn
Using this gun as a dream that's not gonna come true apparently
Holy hell
Leon's got a fire knife
I like to imagine that fire happened because Leon stabbed
It's a secret technique leon fire knife. All right, this guy's ready to get shot by this cool gun
Just let me kill someone with this cool gun
Please
Yes, that's what I wanted and I did it believe in yourself. All right
Who else is out here?
What else is going on in here?
resources are going
160 makes it look like gamecube. You're watching the classic
Uh
Looks like there should be a bunch of hidden goodies in here or something. Oh, yeah, that's a hidden herb
Well, yeah, never leaves a herb behind
Holy hell popped in one bullet
There's got to be like more guys that are about to come out
It feels so gentle in here. All right
A red herb. See this is why I'm running around like complete moron
Otherwise I could miss this kind of stuff
Uh
There we go. I'm not running around like an idiot for the record. This is all tactical running
I'm never out of breath by the way
Cardio, baby
Hit the button
Who's that you?
Oh, that's excitement
Yes
Yes
The people love it. What the hell? What do you think you are?
Anybody else real sneaking up on me?
What the frick? Who are you? Oh, I used all the bullets
Efficiency
Never leave a bullet behind Leah. All right. We just have to turn the one over there. Oh
Uh-oh
Hearing guys
I'm hearing big guys
What the heck guys somehow snuck up on me. This is equipment
What that leon was doing so well?
I thought
I thought I just healed. I must have failed. I failed the leon with my menu
Well, what can you do sometimes
You're just really bad at the game and there's nothing for it. Okay. Let's try again
Maybe I shouldn't have spent five minutes running around
Got caught in a corner. I thought that I fully healed him, but maybe maybe that big guy can one-shot you
I don't know. All right
Everybody there leon is um recently formed
Wow that guy just took that kick like an absolute champion
It's time for a game of turret versus turret
Okay
I feel good now feeling better now
ready to
Ready to kick now
Nice 20 bolts 74. I'm hearing bugs everywhere. That's a bunch of bugs
Oh
There's the big guy. Let's just come to that. Whoa. Oh my god
Oh, we really need to pistol ammo it turns out. What's up four shots on
Here's so many guys so many heavy breathers
Wow, that's that was a classically on kick. All right
Peter will save the day. We're gonna grab some Pino in a sec
Pino on the track
Business
Where's that green herb that I found?
Like a hidden green herb compartment around here. Not back here
Not down here
Back here. Yeah, I'm just gonna grab everything before I open up this door
Poor mic's just flopping around out there like well, this guy's really taking his time reload
Uh, what else can I reload? Still no room?
There. Okay. I think we grabbed it all. We're heroes
Whoa, okay. I see how it is or I don't
You need my help
You don't get how ladders work use the ladder
Yes, now you're getting it
go up the ladder lia
Whatever you can you want to snoop around like a dog sneak about
And pull on things. Yeah, good job
Uh-huh. That's a door. That's opening. I can't do that myself because I have paws
So I appreciate any time a human opens a door. I appreciate it
There's nobody
I'm off. There you go
This music's real intense. Okay. You've made it
To the other castle-y looking area
ancient ruins of spanish Transylvania
There's mic
Oh, good
I love this guy so much mic. How's it going man?
Hey, oh my god. Not the cockroachy things
Leon they only take about two pistol shots each
Just do it for no
Oh my god
This is for fucking mic. How much bullshit
Oh, no, he couldn't handle the loss of mic
Warning launching leon kennedy clone into active field duty
Mike launching leon kennedy clone into active field duty. Damn warning
Well, maybe this next clone won't have the sense memory of mic dying
And it'll be okay
We can hope
Damn, he's all mic'd up. That's probably what I should have done for this day
Leon clone, it'll be fine. We'll get you a new mic
There is no new mic. There is only one mic and he's gone
I'm gonna kill everyone on this island
Maybe not ashley. That's how upset I am
Maybe not
Everyone else is getting kicked
Into the next dimension
Damn what else we got up here
There nothing there nothing there
All right
A ladder. That's the main way
Maybe not this way poor mic
I hear rats
My god
Leon doesn't want let want to let anything live including rats. What the?
What there were those things
Son of a I didn't even know
Oh
Every single one that's the kind of thing leon likes to do. There's one behind us
They all behind us
Okay, so confused by these maps. I think we have to backtrack kill medallions
I'm killing these medallions in honor of mike
He loved to see blue things explode
He once took out an entire blue man group concert the tomahawk missile just as a prank
He would love this that's beautiful
Huh, okay. This isn't the right way at all. It's a ladder. Where's this supposed to ladder?
Aha, here's our secret ladder. Well, maybe his last name was medallion. We'll never know
And I'll never tell a lot of respect. What the is that a freaking
Is that something I could have shot?
God damn it. What else can they even take for me? Oh, this looks harmless
This seems safe and I will open it
All right
Oh my god
On the count of mike one two
Yes
Oh a grave. I love reading those the bones of our brethren rest in all nations the blood of our brethren provides all food
We die only to be reborn. We live through eternity. We reign absolute
You know, I don't like saddler
But I I respect I would put that on a t-shirt and under it. I would say mike 2024
RIP mike the legend
I might borrow that poem for the for the mike
Mike memorial t-shirt. I plan on making in honor of mike
And really likes mike says there's another medallion
Does that make leon king? Can you equip that leon?
You don't equip treasure. You sell treasure. That's clearly treasure. I'll try but watch I can't
Like, you know, I'm not gonna just hold
Like I'll examine it sure
I'll look at it. I'm not gonna equip it
It's treasure
It'll be crazy
All right, where's this other medallion? It says it's like right here. Is it above us?
The medallion please up here. I am once again confused by the leon
thing of the operatives, um
It says it's right. It says it's like in front of us
But how
But how could this be?
Aha
So goddamn sneaky
What we're doing it for mike, you know, I have to like snipe this one
There's a sniping situation
We're gonna see it with that thing
Assuming this is even a thing that I'm supposed to do
We pointed at it
Could be from up here medallions
Medallions, please
Mountain medallion
Right it's just in the ocean. Am I crazy?
Even more to the right
That just put it out here. I'm feeling crazy
I mean, maybe I just have to go forward. I'm wasting time
I'm just gonna look it up. Um
Island ruin medallion
Destroy the cliffside blue medallions. Okay
I got that one. Okay
At the one up. No. Okay. So where the fuck is
I really don't even get
Where this one is supposed to be
Look to the left. You'll notice the medallion hanging from the scaffold
Will
Wait, no, I already got that one. Oh, okay. I just have to go downstairs
Just have to go downstairs
secret tunnel
Normally I wouldn't look that up that fast, but I will literally walk around this area for 20 minutes
I'm looking forward if I don't expedite the situation. Okay
Mike, where is this guy? Where is this freaking guy over here?
Oh my gosh, so sneaky
What don't make me use the other gun. I don't want to
Please I don't want to
There we go
Oh, that feels right
That's for you Mike
Trying to think of a song with Mike in it. All I can think of is the song is songs by Mike Jones. I'm Mike Jones
And I don't think his last name was Jones
Mike drop
I want to be like Mike
Anyway, Mike point is Mike
Uh-oh
Here in spooky noises. God damn it. I just thought I quit the thing I need for this guy
Oh my god
I don't know what part of that read that you have to hit
but
This thing's really slurp up my ammo
The thing I only need pistol to beat the game. What the where's the merchant?
The repairs were completed without issues and facility was previously used for confinement
The work required to reinforce the airtight ceiling was minimal. Okay, who cares?
And as long as we don't run into any issues with the cooling system test
We plan to bring in all of the remaining specimens from facility one. Okay boring all specimens were transferred. However
An experience typical hiccup during transport. Luckily the number of casualties was less than anticipated now
We're getting somewhere people are dying. Okay, please be actually careful when dealing with them
We have received reports that they are beginning to acquire tolerance to the low temperatures
what
All these bags full of these fucking guys because these guys are really annoying to shoot
It'd be really nice if they weren't and you guys just stay in your bags, please
Thank you
Rat it's more important missions than killing things. We're saving Ashley
Killing these rats
Where did it go? Oh my god. What a sneaky rat
But
I like boxing bags. My god. I'm also hearing one of those fucking
Salazar things
You really don't need to keep shooting these
Okay, that's
Probably it's too dark to tell what that even is. Don't
Oh my god, you you've only killed you're not even going to kill them all
At this point, why are you even doing it? You missed a bunch?
That's my bangle
You're taking my I stored that there
You just walk to my island. You take my bangles. Oh my god
All right
Where's this fucking rat?
The rat is gone. All right, whatever
Hmm
This doesn't look like the safest room. Okay, we got this thing on
That's ominous
Maybe if we just don't hit the bags
Okay, that one's moving
Just avoid the bags
Okay, we didn't avoid that one pretty soon real life is going to resemble this game
Well, hey
Maybe it'll at least have a fun mini game. Oh my god a snake. Whoa not a shotgun land
There we go
Something just fall out. Didn't I just hear something? Slop on the ground?
Oh, look you can see him in there. Can I shoot this guy out?
Answer was yes
Crazy that was crazy right there
Stogged it
Hey, they do give you gold though. Well, I'm about to be out of fucking ammo again. Okay. We can make more
Yeah
But not that much more. Okay. Now we're fine
So I'm here. Ooh grenade. That's exciting. What else who else has who else is in a bag?
Who else loves to be a bag boy?
What?
Oh man, that noise really sounds like I'm falling out of the bag
Are there multiple bag boys in here?
Just the one bag boy. All right, let's deal
I'm hearing more rats
Ear for rats is coming up
We didn't get that one rat though. So this sucks
All right bag boys
Yeah, I see. Oh, see that's how we want to do that every time
All right. Now if you come to the other thing, oh my god
Oh still got him more gunpowder
How much more? I don't know so many guns. Hmm. I don't even really know why I was killing any of those guys
It's for the love of the bag
Oh, I had to do this. Okay, fair enough. Anything else in here?
What the oh
Run. Nice. Exactly. We love bags here
This is a Saturday bag stream
Oh, also AVCP. Sorry. It looks like I missed a sub 27 minutes ago in shapeshifter. Thanks for the shout out
Um, all right. Oh my god a merchant. I could go kill more pirates just for the hell of it
I can tell by the look on your face
What look
What look is that?
treasures
Okay
Louis is very cool key
Throw some shit in here with some purple gems in because we only have two
Uh, Kendall is at a thing. Yes
That's a friend's thing, um 25 grand. Wow
I'll buy almost anything. I shouldn't hold on to this. You can't combine treasures, right?
Yeah, whatever. It's what if you get like a crown later and you sell it the same time you get more
We're being a collector
Thank you
Pleasure doing business with you. Hmm. They were rich
Freakin rich, but not in what we want which is upgrade tickets
I don't know if I'm ever gonna think I'm ever gonna afford 40
You know, maybe I should get a gold token
We'll go down to the pirate hole
We'll get ourselves a rare thingy
We'll get ourselves a rare dangle for our key chain. You're damn right
I think there's not a new one though
Make sure we three start everything
Let's show off our hard one pirate trophies here
That's with everything. That's with everything. That's with everything. Yep. Yep. Yep
Yep
Yep, yep
Yeah, we did it all
We did it all
I'm afraid there's no new pirates to mine
This in fact, this is our last little keychain goodie common
I could have gotten more juice from my vipers. I bet merchant. Yeah
That smell like doesn't smell good. Welcome. He's saying I smell bad, but he's right. I do you for
I've been living in a castle for months or some version of these. Okay, uh, let's see
Oh, no, no, don't need that. Should we get this? Oh my god, 40% off
I guarantee you said bang for buck. All right. Let's bang some bucks
Okay
Let's tune up some guns
You there stingray if you want a fighting chance out there, you best tune up your kit. All right
Yes
Reload speed that could be good because I get well, I don't have enough ammo to ever reload a well-tuned weapon can make up for a
lack of skill this kind of work is about finesse stranger
Things almost fully upgraded very close. You've got a select pleasant trap. Thank you merchant. I love you
Um
What are we not me
Honestly, probably don't need this
We can just keep using our other thing
So we'll store you
And this gun kind of sucks ass, but we'll keep it anyway for fun
And
That's good. We're good. We have so many grenades. I should use more grenades
I don't give grenades enough love and they're a great weapon
Full of full of you know explosive. It's the thing I like and respect
I feel guilty for not using grenades more
Very it's okay leon
What the heck the hell is that noise they working out is that this guy?
That was just that one guy
Whoa, these guys are frustrated
What the those hats are are good hats for one bullet. No way
Almost there
I'm coming
All right fellas
And he really took that shot
All right
Oh these fuckers
That's why we have this whole gun
treasures
Area is not safe
Leons losing his mind a little bit
Oh
Feel a little feel a little crazy. I am hearing some voices in my head for sure
Um, they're saying do the will do the will of the bugs. Um
I'll try not to I'm gonna try not to
Though the bugs make some good points
I could do their will I could serve them for eternity
I mean I'm more of a I'm more of a
CIA guy I'd prefer to keep working for the cia problem
I'm killing bugs currently
Just saying the bugs are making an interesting offer
But then I could do their will for eternity
Just stick with us leon. I swear you can do our will for eternity, too
We'll give you even less respect than the bugs if that's something you're interested in. Oh my god
There are all these bugs
Uh-oh
I need to kill this rocket launcher guy
He's a problem
Don't do with me
Geez, that's a good wall. This music implies there's more guys. Oops. It's just him
All right, what else is out here? There must be something down here. That's good to have all those weird minds
Still feels pretty good to kill the bugs
I'm just saying you know
Maybe I do a little of the bugs will
Just to give it a try just to weigh my options just a little of the bugs will
No, yeah, don't do it man. They have terrible dental. Oh, there's the thing
Also, my mouse is really starting to give out on me
It barely wants to aim anymore
Might be time to replace
Oh, really? I've had it less than a year
Seems like a pretty low
Revival period. Uh
What the heck? I think it's ready to die. Oh my god a bass
A free bass just laying around that's crazy. Oh
It's like we're back in the village
That hurt, but it was a classic. It's that was nostalgic for me
You never forget your first bear trap, you know almost hurts as much as
Not serving the bugs
It's really starting to hurt seems like it might solve everything if I just serve the bugs
Leon that's you're not allowed. Sorry buddy permission to serve the bugs tonight
Oh my god, that was a lot of guys
Wait a minute. This seems like a job for one grenade, please
There you go
Yeah
And oopsie. No, I need those
Holy hell, there's a lot of guys here
What else do we have? I'll just use another grenade. Bye. Bye friends
They didn't give a shit about that grenade. All right
Oh, okay
That's making me remember why I don't serve the bugs because I do love kicking the bugs. Yeah
Yeah
Stuff
Stuff, please
Stuff me full like the thorax of a bug that I serve. I mean never mind
Oh, yeah, that's stuff. There's more stuff for daddy leon
Sorry, I'm getting tired
Oh, hey
What's up? What's good? What's good? You like bullets to that? What's up with that?
Do you like bullets?
I'm trash talking them
You like shotgunnies
Oh, that's pretty tough
Ow
He got the best of me there. I got a little overconfident
In my defense, he did instantly die after he kicked me. What's up?
All right, let's get out of control in here. My god
Those guys were being very obstinate in the face of my bullets and knives
What's out here now? Why am I hearing more squirmy noises?
Is it my bug friends that I serve? I mean my enemies
losing leon
Oh
That was some classic movie stuff kicking the enemy through the door
Standing in them while they explode
Holy shit, this is gonna slow to reload. This is crazy
That gun takes like 30 seconds to reload
Probably we should only ever use pistol. Where's my bass? Well, I need this bass. You'll feel better
Oh, that's some good bass
Sometimes you gotta stop the fight eat a raw bass and then you feel better
Where's more of these flying guys
There you are. All right. Thank you
Thank you for exploding serve the cicadas. Okay, that sounds pretty good
Maybe I just serve the cicadas. That's just one species of bug. You know
Yes, I know leon, but no
Sushi makes everything better
Unless it's spoiled bug sushi
um
Four things in here, aha
Oh, we do need that
What's the deal with that guy? Can I just shoot this?
Negative at the omega-3s. I honestly should eat more fish
Hey way too many meats
Oh, look at this dirty can. You don't want that dirty can. I mean, I'm interested
Obviously, I'm interested
but
I don't have the room right now
These are the hard decisions you have to make as a CIA operative. I got that dirty can
I guess I don't have room. That's rough. What the heck even more lasers
Guarding what even? What is it even guarding?
Now it is
Oh, I could have used this to kill all the bad guys
That would have probably been a smart move
But we like to do things the classic way
By shooting stuff. All right
Okay, this seems like a safe room for safety
Boy, this is some pretty nice stuff these bugs have look at their big dirty statue
Pretty coolly lit. Maybe I'll just worship at the bug statue for a second
Oh
Adam
I know some Adams
That guys I guess this guy's name is Adam
I Adam
I Ada maybe Ada left me a message. Maybe she's working if she's working the bugs. I might have to become a bug guy
Ashley get all the goo ignore the goo Leon
Your mission is to save the blonde lady
You have got my child
Damn, look at that hair. What do you want?
I simply wish to share this gift with as many as possible
A humble wish, don't you think?
Yeah, you see we are all connected through the holy body
And now your flesh and bones are very thoughts
Lovely
Okay, it's beautiful blue eyes. I get that he's got weird bug hair
Beautiful blue eyes
Sandler
Oh shit, is it time to play this?
This guy does not care about bullets
They secured that whole statue with one chain
That was a strong chain
That it's absolute limit. I can't even open the map
There's no sprinting
This sucks
Dude shit this chick is so heavy
Uh
Looks like it's this way
She's heavy. She is way too way so much more than I expected
Leon's tripping out
I'm seeing the bug. I'm seeing bugtopia actually when I blink and it's pretty nice
They've got bugabalooza
Ooh bug sewer
Go into the light Leon. Why?
We're now playing the evil within
So many saddlers
So many adam sandlers
Give into my dark power
Give in
Yeah
Uh Leon
Did I lose?
going on here
I call this place lunch lady land
Wah
It's not a very good
Sad sad sandler is really annoying when he comes in over the top. Sorry everybody
As opposed to wish time
A raccoon city time these situations don't seem comparable to me. That's no way
Like I told you
I'm gonna get you home safe
Dude look at him doing doctor stuff. Don't do it. Leave the bug gen shied you
Come on. Oh come on
Oh my god, they're gonna put the scene on a pro life billboard in texas. They just got rid of a perfectly good bug
All right, that's another chapter down
Another cia chapter that's how the cia categorizes missions. It's by chapter
It's uh, you know, just how we do things. Let's continue. I feel like we're getting close to the end
Oh shit, dr. Ashley
I thought you were gonna die
Yeah, no, it's fine. Yeah, I did this
Can you stand?
You no
Got her
Yeah, I found it
I think it says we can get out if we go this way
I drew it myself
If they were smoking cigarettes starting this scene this would be improved. I'll be out of a job if you keep drawing maps
I'll be out of a job
So all of this that's a she's you're a really good map. I'll give her that
Yeah
Oh, no, it's an umbrella thing
laboratory six dream team
Where's wesker?
Oh, louis louis is in there. There's no wesker. All right fair enough. We're alive
Thanks to him
There's two ways to eradicate less plagues antigen injection and surgery
That's if the parasite is not hatched yet
It can be treated by administering antigen directly into the body. I don't believe in antigens actually so this wouldn't work
Once it is hatched however, there's not much uh, that can be done besides slow its growth
With surgery the plaga could be targeted and killed using a certain wavelength of radiation
But this is not without risk that the parasite has attached itself to the host nervous system
The host will experience excruciating pain and there's no effective anesthesia for this kind of procedure
Surgical removal carries considerable risk even though the even before the parasite is still fully developed once fully grown
However, it's too late removing the parasite would kill the host but considering what will happen to them death may be a mercy
Well, then why are you stop researching it guys? Come on
It's clearly an evil bug plague. I'm surprised this thing even booted up
That's the power of 90s computers, dude
Built to last
Saddler's animus
All right
Yeah, I'll read it
Don't be fooled into thinking that lost plagues are merely tools for creating powerful bio weapons
Their true value lies in their ability to control
No matter how hostile the subject a single injection can turn anyone into a faithful servant who needs spies when you can turn it
Yesterday yesterday's enemies into today's allies
Controlling just one insider can bring an entire organization entire country to its knees
Mass production of the superior species has made this possible. We have a powered sandler sandler
It's clear. What he intends to do next
Can you imagine if sandler had that much control six billion
Loyal dollar deal with netflix and servants and his sole command there would be no opposition no war
Maybe the first time in human history the world would no peace
See they're on my side
But I know sandler and the others have
Impressed the people for this side of this island for generations. I know how he treats them
There's no way to live and because of that I won't let it happen and then signed a dumb hater who doesn't get it
Okay
Spread out got it. I'll stay back
Let's go. Hey
Spread out. Oh, come on
Hang on on me
Well, yeah, take it easy
What do you want from this girl?
What?
Making sure she still remembers how to do action
Regarding our arrangement from lewis
I've compiled the research data that you wanted meet me at the designated time and place to be clear
You're going to get me the hell out of here if I bring you the goods, right?
I think lewis was hooking up with somebody damn
Regarding our arrangement from aw wait a minute
Eat a wong and
Elbert something
I hope you haven't forgotten about the amber without it. The data is worthless
It would be a shame to let your seat go to waste. So do not me
Do not make me return empty-handed. You still remember the code phrase. I assume
Relax, haven't forgotten about uh, don't worry about the amber. I'll figure something out
I think you can pick me up a pack of smokes on the way any brand is fine. He was so cool
Is he hooking up with my girlfriend though?
This bro code. He's got to tell me
Because she's my girlfriend that I sort of stalk
Up around the world
The sample which I've called the amber was just sitting in the store and collecting dust. We have ample specimen. We already read this, didn't they?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever
It's this shit
There's someone had a field day looting the umbrella labs
Oh my god, they've taken
A recording
No way they took the stuff out of this thing too
Oh my god
The stuff from that thing is gone
Ashley, this is a disaster
Spread out. Hang on
Thanks for um picking me up
Anyway, can we go? Can we just immediately leave to call another helicopter? We could use that
Wait, where are you going?
Why do you always do this?
Why are you checking your map? We need to leave
Wait, what are you? What are you worried about that?
That's up there
Sorry, yeah, like I said, we're a team
Geez
Chill Ashley, it's fine. You're getting good at that
These two are gonna get a room you two, you know
You know what I mean?
Do do uh
All right, give me this obviously
That's not even that good of a treasure. Actually, that's your fault. It's your fault that there wasn't a better
Pressure there. Never been better
Yeah, obviously Leon's fine. I mean, isn't that big of a deal?
None of this has been that big of a deal
Dude, Leon is using that classic POA technique. What the hell?
Another spooky room
Oh, I'm sure she's fine. She's not the type to roll over that easy
Sounds like you know her well
Oh, oh shit
Jealousy forming
Take it easy, dude
I need this lady to like me so she'll follow me around and make my job easy
Up there's a bug
Get stabbed uh got any juice you got any juice for me? No juice
No delicious bug juice for me
The hell where am I supposed to go?
Where's the guy supposed to even go running this way running that way? I'm sick. I'm saying okay here we
What looks like a room for bugs
Bug explosion. You missing any treasure? We missed a treasure back there. How?
God damn it. That's what happens when we get lazy
About clicking on everything
People get hurt. You lose
Stuff
You miss this thing
Obviously, we want to check up here for a treasure
That's bad. Oh
I forgot they do that for a second. I forgot that they do that. Oh, baby
That's a luminous pendant right there
Drop beneath the castle grounds. I have found my faith. I will hold the dine vestiges left upon the world at all begins here
Does he mean there's a sick treasure under the castle?
Because I because daddy like that daddy want that. Let's look at this boring ass book
Raised beetle the holy insects over that that's that shit's so five minutes ago
I don't even miss that the bug voice in my head at all. We have promised paradise on earth man woman or child
His love does not discriminate beast fish or bird all creatures shall be equally blessed
Praise be the holy insects. We are the humble servants of god
His wisdom will overcome any mountain. I miss the bug a little bit sometime
I'll be real. I miss the bug voice a little bit
His omnipotence will cross any ocean the light heaven dwells in all things let our bodies be the seed bed
Praise be to the holy insects. We are the flock and the shepherd guides us the shit's getting kind of bad ass
I'll be real our prayers will be sung all over the world. They will be heard by all at last
We shall exceed the stars in the sky and these bugs are about their business. They're on their fucking grind set, dude
24 seven bug. You know what I'm talking about. Ashley. Ashley. You know what I'm talking about
Talking about grind set grind set. Ashley dive. I'm moving. I'm moving. You gotta you gotta stay moving. Ashley
You gotta stay moving
She doesn't get it. I don't know how much that pendant's worth the nice pendant
Let's go
Okay
Leon's in a better mood now
in our dungeon spooling
Woo
A merchant
He just left a gold bar. What a fool he's gonna buy it from me and it was sitting right there the whole time
I think the merchant's afraid of opening up. Um
He's afraid of opening a box
Breaks over I suppose
Okay, there we go. I guess I should repair my knife
What can I interest you in?
Easy things almost upgraded
That's great news merchant
I happened to have found this very hard to find a gold bar for you pretty penny
Where would if what can I do you for sad to say that's the end of the road for that weapon?
Packs a punch
Enough the most
Okay, I think this is the last
Okay, that sounds like we're near the end of the game. Maybe we just sell it all baby
To hell with it valuables won't do you much good in the grave
Now you're talking merchant
Boom
I'll buy it at a high price. This was a mistake to upgrade
Pretty bad. I think we're gonna sell it and upgrade something else. Okay
Anything else I can help you with yeah, we don't need this shit
We never even upgraded it a deal well struck
We also don't need this
Bye. Bye
We just boost this bad boys power
Yeah
Yeah
That felt good that felt right even though they have seven bolts for it. They're all going into the final boss
Um
Knife needs care every once in a while could be the difference between life and death
Dazzled are you? Oh, yeah, dude. Our craftsmanship demands no less
Anything else I'm not gonna use good things on sales stranger. I'll buy almost anything
That's great news. Will you buy Maria Isabel Don Esteban Don Diego?
Our boy doctor salve salvedor
Will you take Don Pedro off my hands and sell it with shield?
Yeah, take them all
Feeling upgraded as hell. Actually, let's do this. Oh, no. We got her
Not data
Damn is it fucked up that I'm not saying that's hot
It's just like
You know, it's not unattractive looking
Is that fucked up on me to say?
Yes, nothing else
Nothing else thinks he's gonna lure me out
I guess he's going to
We can only go one direction stay here. I won't be long
Okay, she'll be fine up there
It's not like this place is crawling with bug men
Okay, he did lure him out to be fair
Like as in the open as you can be. Oh my god, the bug army's back
What's up? Oh my god, but that's why I just upgraded this
For this exact situation
What's up, man? Okay, I guess I didn't just stand here
Oh
Oh, no, wow, that's a man. That's a hit
You're seeing this man
I'm doing I'm doing some pretty cool stuff. I just dodged that
I missed. I fucking missed again
This ammo's not rare, is it?
Because I did just miss a lot and I missed again. All right
We'll just stab here
Got him easy dodge. Ah, shit. Are there more bugs coming? That's a lot of bugs
Ah fuck this thing isn't loaded. Oh, yeah, what about these?
Check these out, dude. Oh my god, there's so many
Uh-oh, I don't have much health. Hey, let's try this again grenades. Uh-oh. There's a lot of bugs around
Oh health nice. Okay
Things are looking up
Throw this guy
Well bugs bugs stop it. All right. I gotta ignore these bugs
dodged it
Dodged it. Oh shit. I got a little covered there
I'm kind of governing goop right now
Oh my god, he's vomiting so much. It's a wild amount of puke
Check it out. There's hell. Is this just in the remake? This is um, this is the first time I'm doing this actually so
I don't know. This is my life
Oh
No, I need some herb. Oh it hurts. I need some herb
To answer your question this quite was in the remake, but this is a you know expanded version of it, too
Or it was in the original
It was similar where you shoot him and then if there's an option to stab the
The head eye
Ow
Shoot it. Yeah, it doesn't seem to do it. I am out of oh, I still have enough fade spray
Oh, there you go
Lionel not below. Oh is it not equipped? I think it's a cutscene. All right. What else we got?
Guessing there's another face. Oh my god
Oh my gosh
Oh, man
That's some classic Leon talk right there. What the look at that eye
You know what that's why we have this thing. I need to cut this date short
Am I doing the right thing here?
My god, he took on he took so many of those bullets to the face
Ow
Oh my god, that's some classic action right there
Okay, I'll use it. Oh, it's already equipped get bugged on
I said the same thing as I'm shooting at I said get bugged on. Oh, no
But his movie deals. Oh shit. Is there another face?
Bugger off that would make more sense than get bugged on did we win?
Yeah, he does a lot of squats, right Silva
Ada
What the hell are you doing?
Nothing personally on Luis and I had an arrangement
Don't worry. I'll take good care of it. She sounds pretty bored
Right here
You coming I think we both know this is where we go our separate ways
Separate ways that's the name of the dlc. Damn, he played it cool there
Leon's playing the long game. Dude, that's where Ashley was standing. He looked so casually over there
He's like, huh?
Until next time Leon. Oh shit. It worked
Leon game worked. Where's she going? Who knows? We're separate ways
Ellen's gonna blow. It's gonna what?
Okay, two minutes
What if there's still treasure to get
What if there's still treasures? Okay, let's get out of here. Yeah, are they on my map? There's a green herb still
Yeah, I don't even care about saving
Treasure please treasure. I still would like treasures
What if there's just a merchant somewhere out of here yet in this exploding cave?
I have really good cardio. You're lucky
And I've been doing two days since I was 16
What the heck
cardio
What the I killed him with a kick. Oh, he's still alive. Are you still alive? I could not tell that guy's deal
Wait a minute treasures
Got any stuff, okay. No, I've been that one guy attack
What's up, man? Oh my god, there's rats everywhere and I've cardio to cardio plus strength
Put him out of his misery. All right, let's do this teddy bear key activate
Yeah, I got a lake house. Yeah, I got a lake house. I'm kind of used to this shit
Boom
Look at how fucking cool I am. Can I just get a little bit of a
Oh, whoops. All right, hit that a little bit like this is crazy right now. Come on
Give me some credit that this is fucking crazy. Check this shit out
Oh shit, I meant to do a trick there, but I don't actually know how
Oh
I am a battle too
Because I have strong jumping power and I love battle
Dude, there's so much shit in here flip it. How do I flip?
Damn it. I know that there's a way to do tricks
But I don't know what that way is
I'm really disappointing myself at the lack of tricks that I'm doing
Still in my head. I'm doing flip. Oh my god. He did it
He should probably go a little further away if that whole island explodes
Yeah, I guess they're fine
I take it back. They're fine
uh and put things for the follow
Mission freaking accomplished and it only took
Like a week or two
Dude, Ashley should be stoked about this. It has been a while for her
Mission accomplished, right?
Incredible that she's still kind of looks like she has lipstick on after all these months
Thank you for saving me, you know, I could put it in word with my dad
Have you assigned to my detail if you're interested?
Oh, you don't need me
You proved you could handle yourself
Damn rejection you could use a lesson in knife safety
Come on
Let's go home
Yeah
I guess she's grabbing some of the sharper bug tentacles and shaving her pits
No come in
I said come in is this thing even I don't read her
I'm not reading. I'm fucking jet skiing right now. Are you and Ashley all right?
Fuck you. I'm not gonna tell her. It's the blah blah blah. Shut up. Shut. Have you tried shutting up?
What a fucking idiot I got her ass. That's my other handler. That's my she's better than you though case
She is better looking. I'll give her that
Oh, you remember this
Remember that house. This is great. This is strolled on memory lane for me
Remember that time we were in that village we killed all those guys. It's beautiful
Oh, yeah, man. Oh, I killed so many of those people. I there were kids there
I didn't I didn't kill any kids
I didn't really the village ever had kids, but I guess that makes sense that they might have
Oh, that's where we fought the big guy and the the big
T-rexie thing in the lake. I fucking stabbed that thing
Good job. Good job. Ahab style, dude. Oh, I looked at that picture too. That's a picture. I looked at
Look at that creepy little boy
I wonder if he was an adult that I shot in the head. Oh my gosh. I definitely killed those people
This is beautiful, man. This is such a reward
Yep
That's probably the family they probably guess people lived in those houses at some point
Okay
This is now I guess it's raining there now
Not surprising the weather sucked the whole time
Oh, there's saddler just killed him. Oh, I guess they were praying to him
Oh, this reminded me of all the visions I had when I was uh when I had the bug in my brain
Kind of missed that bug had he whispered some good stuff like join me join us
Let the tentacles overwhelm you you are but a bug
That's fun, man
It was a nice group photo. Okay. Looks like they built them a graveyard. That's nice
There's always credits when you finish a goal in your life, too
It's important to take a moment to recognize when you've done something really cool
Like kill a whole castle full of people and save the president's daughter
I did both
Also, I'm a bug a bug control pest control now. What the fuck is this?
What's she doing?
Eda
Follow me patch me through the me
I've obtained the amber. Okay
Excellent. Who the hell is this?
Just one question
What are you planning to do with this she asking me to not pay you to ask questions
All you need to know
Is a new dawn is breaking
100 will give their lives so that just one may live
I'm expediting that change
What so we're talking millions of guys she's into
Billion how ambitious
We're changing course now
Dude he came on too strong
She did play my ass. Ashley. I see you up there
Ashley. I'm down here. I'm fucking jet skiing. This is just sick
I know it's you. You're the only helicopter that'd be around here. He likes me. She likes me
Come on
She's into me. All right
If you say so
Did he just call her Ashley? Oh my god. She's gonna be so mad
Got their names confused
She's looking at their facebook profile
Good work
A bee
I'm only a promising agent
Shit. I gotta be at work again
I keep getting bees
I need to get my gpa up
All right, sure
New playthrough that's exciting
Damn
Well
We beat it
Although I can get the separate ways dlc and play that
How long have I been streaming today? Two hours?
I wonder how long the dlc is
Oh, shit. We unlocked stuff
gangster Leon
sunglasses
A mask a flight cap a flight cap is pretty funny
Immersionaries. All right, let me go to the store real quick
Keep playing until I get the s rating. I bet I could get an s rating now
I also could definitely make it through the game a lot faster
But if there's a dlc, I'll get it
Chainsaw demo gold edition
A dlc pack bundle
It's in there
Separate ways the mercenaries, which is free
Treasure map expansion
Is that me?
Uh, I think I only need
Oh, it's telling me I'm not permitted to view
Wait a minute. It's telling me I'm not permitted to view the rest of the evil page
What weird setting do I have?
All right, just a sec. I'm just gonna go to my steam store
Three to five hours. Okay, we could at least start it
Store
Resident Evil 4
We will get
this
separate ways
Genuine of payment and
Work let me buy it's thinking about it
Supposedly it worked. Okay, let's reload the game
Resident evil reverse the hell is that?
I have a game on here called resident evil reverse. I don't even know what it is
Oh, is it some kind of online thing? Okay, whatever. It's downloading the game
Online multiplayer thing. Oh
I mean, I like resident evil. I don't know if I like it that much
Although the store page has some of the characters doing some fun dances. So that's exciting
Whoo
Yeah, although I don't have access to um
Ada's direct feed. I guess leon can get these comments on her progress
You know, she's not a cia operative. So I don't have access to her
To her visuals
52 percent
Or should I just try to run through the game?
Take no prisoners style
Obviously take all treasures
But prisoners none
I am tempted to get an s reading although. I don't know what you got
Do you get anything cool?
Looking it up
What do you get?
reward
Dear antlers
A wolf tail a chicken hat and cat ears
For an s plus what I have to do for an s plus
I have to beat the game in
five hours
four hours
Four hours. That's pretty fast. I mean not for an actual speedrunner, but for me
Also a professional. It's five and a half hours
Assisted okay, so standard is five hours. Yeah, should I go for the five hours on professional?
I might be too slow
Might be too slow of a gamer
If I did did a new game plus I could definitely do it if I unlock whatever the
Like uh special guns are
Oh to get an s plus it can't be it has to be a new game. So I couldn't use all right
Yeah, I think if I do it that way I have to not be so treasure focused
I probably just need to stick to uh actually beating the game
All right, looks like we're locked in though for this uh
Ada expansion the ada is ready. Let's do it
separate ways
Professional mode has been unlocked and s plus professional mode. I'm tempted
Chicago typewriter would make a trivial yeah, but I mean I apparently for s plus you have to do it on a new save file
So you would have access to that stuff. I think at least
Um, let's see
Onuses extra content
I have so much cp
Oh, I can't even buy this stuff
Professional mode with a rank. Oh my god. All right. I am sorely tempted
Look at all this
Stuff you can get these are just models
I can get models of all these things
apparel
Costume for leon a different costume
I can put ashley instantly in her slightly more revealing outfit an eye patch
Obviously, I have to do that, but that's just for separate ways. Okay. What do you think chat?
Should I play more of the main game or do separate ways?
Probably play for like another two hours or so maybe an hour. So what time?
Did I miss texts? This is an actual new game. I haven't played
Although I guess there was also dlc for this in the original separate ways
Look at aida
In that tactical skin tight
sweater dress
Only separate ways challenges fine
Okay, we got an eye patch for leon
Let's do this
We'll be boring. We'll do standard
I recognize that castle
You gonna dance?
He's dancing
What?
Damn this man is not rattled
Where does he find the time to learn to dance and solve his bug research?
I think he and leon should date
Gonna miss this guy
Damn
She hit the melee button three times in a row
That's no way to finish a dance
This character is voiced by kevin. That'd be pretty good. What the hell
Your favorite, I believe
Excellent timing aida
You know, I feel about being tied up. Oh shit. These two aren't flirting
Hopefully I'm can't see this anything
I can and I'm pissed
I'm pissed
Including the ember
No, never needin just before they grabbed me
That's before
Well, then lead the way here we go
I'm a master comic dancer
Add it to the skill stack
But it's safe
No amber no deal
You know the term. That's a knife. What else I got?
We got a map. We got a map anyway. You got any junk in here?
yet
Look at this poor guy
All right. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Ooh a thing
It is also of the treasure school
She understands the value of treasure in any tactical mission
It's a necessity for survival out here
We've got company. They're looking for us
But we're taking the high road got it. Yeah, why are you even here?
I'm watching game tape. This is how you train up for the next mission
Watch, you know, you watch how the competition does
Up you go, louise
Uh-oh got one of those guys
Touch the ember
No, sorry. What kind of a man leaves a lady
Some wet noises then we meet at the church
Let's not make it a funeral there
Damn right away. I got to fight this thing
Or not
We'll let the cutscene do it for us
She's good. I supposed to just fully fight this guy
It seemed like I have that much ammo
What am I throwing?
Ooh melees
Oh
I'm supposed to do there
Oh my god
Falling into your head, but it still hurts you
Oh
Found the real one
Keep thinking I can melee it, but I guess I can't
Are you real?
I think the other one was tougher. That one has a more abstract skill set
and stay gone
It won't it's gonna come back
I'd tell her but she's not talking to me right now. Smart moves
Definitely when you see pots, you're gonna want to smash those she gets it
Is this what it looks like when I look for treasure?
Yes
What's your deal? Oh deal. Okay
Don't worry about it is ovaries. She's got spy ovaries. They're trained
To absorb twice the punishment
They do ovary crunches
All right, and we can't go that way yet or we can
Wrong way
Says who?
Hooray, we're in the beautiful castle
Oops, is that a box?
It is but not the useful type. All right
We keep moving
Control come in. Louise hit the amber, but I've sent him to retrieve it
You should have like a hot boy is her
She's got the hottest boy
Louise is already on route to the church. I'm tracking them every step of the way
Very well
Then I suggest you hurry
Copy just need to confirm my route first heading out to get a visual of the area
Uh, I'm getting shift
Oh
Okay, that's the thing we can do that's where I need to go. All right stick to the high ground. Yeah
I wonder what that is
It's a giant cannon a microphone. Thank you so much for the 750
We beat the game finally that looks dangerous better tread carefully
Is this really is this reconnaissance that important?
Nothing else matters
Yeah, obviously we're gonna look for like
Gold and weird little treasure guys
They just shoot people from up here. Oh, I can't
Let's do this
Okay, she can do that too. Nice
She's basically spider man. Yeah, but with less
Control over movement through this particular city
We do a little stabby
I don't know if those are the stealthiest kills. They do spend the whole time. They die going going
What's he looking at?
They love walls in this place
It's like wow look at this stonework
Her sweater did take a little damage unfortunately
You hate it when you lose your designer
You know you damage your designer clothing
That you were in your spy missions. Uh-oh. She sells stuff too. There's a there's a merchant in our future. That's exciting
I mean, obviously there's a merchant. You can't just be on a mission and not have a guy that sells you guns
Anywhere you go in the world, there's gonna be some weird guy that sells you guns
That's at least a guarantee. There's any sacred law that holds together this crazy little spin and blue warp
It's that there's a weird guy selling you guns anywhere you go
And that's why I love america
That happens anyway
Get stabbed
But none of these people are looking at where she's coming from
Someone's singing a song down there
Okay, what did we miss?
Somehow we missed somehow we missed a bullet powder
We need the gunpowder. Isn't it over here?
Oh
All right nice
What's up guys?
grapple melee attacks
What the?
No, I wanted to see the grapple melee attack
That's exciting
What am I gonna get nuked?
There we go
Oh, yeah, I should see what oliver melee moves are
Uh-oh
Okay, that's the same one. Okay
That's the behind one. I'm not sure if I got behind him
Uh
Oh boy
Where are those shooting me from?
Huh, there's no one to shoot it seems
All right
But the cleanest strikes
Oh, there's just nobody over there. Oh, there he is
That one's shooting too. Oh, wow
Hello
So slow
So many guys
Where are they shooting from? Okay you
Oh, there he is
Little lucky. I didn't get
Completely stabbed there. All right. Who's still shooting there? Where is it even coming from?
Oh
Right there, okay
Where's our guy?
Excuse me miss
Uh-oh
I just want a shot on this person shooting these things. Come on. We got to kill him
They all need to be they need to be punished the crime of throwing little fireballs
Where are you sir?
Oh, maybe if I go up somewhere
I go up there
Oh, well
Wow, that's kind of a big knife. Oh, that's splendid. She's moving at the right pace. She's being thorough
She's making sure everybody gets killed
Oh
And that there's no sneaky little treasures hiding
Like look here. You can just you can just miss that
Then you're down one ruby. You feel like an idiot. This grappling hook thing is pretty good
I am a little surprised they didn't give me one of these. Oh, did she miss stuff though?
Whoa
Oh my gosh, this is
There we go. Uh-oh
Who's shooting?
Who dares?
You bastard
There was conveniently standing next to exploding barrels
Yeah, give me all this stuff
Maybe we'll be a little more lax on finding everything
I think this is like a side game
I say that while I still check every corner
But like can I go down there and get
Timingly no
We're backtracking. Wow. She started in the castle. That's exciting. She's got too many fans
Ada has only fans. Okay
Um, yeah, yeah
Next
Monks is bugs in this world. It's a world of monk bugs
An object of ill omen be done in its name and her will pay its dark cost. I don't know
Because in this world someone always pays
It's cool or why
Billions
made my peace with it
Giving us the sex in the city voice over
How can you find a decent guy Spanish Transylvania? Oh, that was just like the pre
title screen
It's just the opening scene that we just did
I'm heading to meet louise at the rendezvous point now
I'm seeing increased movement from los eliminados. Don't get careless. Okay
Copy Ada out almost at the church
Crows we blew her cover, but it was worth it
Those crows were begging for for death
That crow dropped a kitchen knife
Oh lady. Oh, I see how it is
I see how it is
Thanks for hanging out Matt. I'll let Kendall know you said hello
I'm hearing pirate noises
Hacking away somebody shot that crow
Oh, where's my crow treasure?
Uh
Yeah, whatever we're good
Crop down
Hello friends. This box beeping some door slamming going on gets pleased
I believe it
Honey, I'm just going for a quick walk
What's up, dude? No shoot them. Oh, that's my bad. I am gonna blame the mouse, but it is also my bad
I wanted it. Oh my god. Cut his leg right off. All right miss. We need to see what her back attack is
We're never gonna see it
Whoa
No
Okay, oh my god. She's on fire
Oh, she's shot and she's dead
She's taking a nap
Don't worry. She just was like, oh, she's getting back up
It was unfortunately only one hit. I can't clone her. Oh all the way back here
No, I goofed it you there
That's stabbed. What if oj become a zombie or is a zombie?
The juice is loose
Kkl name nama. Thank you for the follow oj zombies
Release the oj mod. All the zombies are
Sprinters
I may load those guys to death
Um
I thought I didn't get hit while I was under that. All right, chase me over here
Quick chase me. Yeah, do it
Run this way
Yeah
Satisfaction guaranteed. Okay
Miss
Oh, I'm on fire too. All right
second time's a charm
yellow
really
sir
Yeah, didn't cover that oj dying news this week because I didn't stream
Although the news is, you know, he died
He's murdering with the angels now
You're a crow
It's westerner. Quite the crowd here
I wonder what has them so riled up
President's daughter couldn't have picked a worse time
This is some classic resident evil acting the village infected complete local saturation. I've read the file
I'll see what I can do
Complete local saturation
important to deliver it all like porn dialogue. What the
Not on my watch crow
No, let me let me get it. It's goodie
Wasn't he English in the house? He used to sound like I'm an old west guy
So he sounded in the original which is kind of my preferred one, but you know
That's just nostalgia talking
I'm hearing crows everywhere
Hello
kitchen knife
The ultimate weapon
Anything
Anything
All right, wait, is this the house? Yeah, this is the house
That's fun
Okay, I guess you can just sprint up to these people and kill them
Good to know
This is the cabin, right?
Somebody see me
I'm being so sneaky
Yeah, this house in la. This would be two million dollars
Hello
You fucker
He's a bullet dodger
Hey, we get yellow herbs too. That's exciting
What leave the pig alone, dude
Oh my god, you're gonna make that pig attack me
I guess this isn't the cabin
It just looks like it
I mean from the the thing you have to defend with louis in the main game
Or is it?
Yeah, yellow means extra health
US forces have downed some Iran launched attack drones. Well, all right
Yes, also while I was not covering the news
On the less like light side of things
Not as enjoyable as the oj death all the uh, Iran is real u.s stuff
A flaggin
It's all happening right now
Yeah, I know I just mean those tensions have been uh
seemingly boiling over all week
Hopefully it doesn't lead to anything
You know
Exponentially worse than what's already been happening here. Yeah, they started the stream with civil war in theaters
Leon
Why am I not surprised
Yeah, hopefully we don't end up with
Well, they're not even new war. It gets expanded war
This way looks prompt
missing
It does
In what sense data
Oh, I let a crow go
I feel like you're showing me something different there
Ada, um
She's working for wesker
So, you know that puts her on the bad side, but
Reluctantly or possibly in betrayal mode
I actually can't remember. I think of the original game. She just delivers the goods the wesker
I mean, certainly in the fifth game. Wesker has used the plaga stuff to like
Destroyed
the african town
So she's probably bad in this way. Hello
What the fuck
U.s has already involved themselves
Well, yeah, but I just mean, you know expanding the to like an open war with Iran would be an expansion for sure
From our current involvement
The bell ring today. It has been so long since I heard it last heard it sound the ring is the call of our lord the whole village
congregated the church to listen
He was as kind as ever. We're growing closer and our minds are becoming one
He even said that the miracles we create here shall soon grace the entire world. What wisdom? What compassion?
Uh through our lord's benevolence. We shall receive the medicine to cure the madness. I cannot wait until the bell tolls again
Okay, it sounds like they're enjoying themselves at least what the what
CNN has live iron dome
Down drones. Oh my god. Does sound like rats
What am I supposed to do here?
I guess go find
What's the press? Oh
Okay
Squiggle that squiggle
Oh my god a blue medallion
Son of a
Oh flash grenade those crows keep some good stuff on them. Yeah, what am I supposed to do here?
Combine these into a thing
Um
What is it because it's that
So
Three prong thing
And two other things. Where's this rat on the other side? Oh, can I not go down anymore?
Shit, how am I supposed to
Next a v-shaped DNA. Yeah, kind of
Are these other ones seems that I can't
Hello, oh, I guess I'm gonna send him from here
Maybe where the hell is it? Excuse me. Oh
Okay, three prong DNA moon with two eyes and uh
Something that reminds me of a no fear t-shirt
Ah, not you. No, stop it
Okay, you being weird about selecting these. What's the last one?
Is this
No, what's that one that won't even on there? Oh, it's the top one top one two eyes
There we
Where's this freaking rat iut? Rats already disappeared. Here we are the church
Damn they're chatty
pros
Where are the crows?
There's a crow anybody coming from this direction. Wow that kick was super effective
Is that what they're saying? Where are you? But you can't hide
You know, they have bug brain
They're getting their uh
Threatening things slightly slightly mixed up. They no longer fully understand conjunctions
All right anything else on the map?
You're a crow
See you bastard
Damn that one didn't need to die
There's a few Mexican VAs
Hopefully
Whoa, Mexican Transylvania
Maybe maybe I've thought it was spaying the whole time, but it's secretly Mexican Transylvania
But I think it sounds like you could use a little help
She rang the bell
Apparently you can shoot the bell
Uh in the village it'll just end the village scene. They need to serve
Oh, look at that eyepatch. It's a strong look
What a blue
Sorry eyepatch leon is distracting me
Oh my god, this is some horrible alternate reality where I'm a pirate
First time that's not me
I think it's leon
The blue jewels, um, I think to sell for stuff or you can stick them into other treasures
Tresours
She's just chilling. Don't mind her
The first
Damn, what's your son's extra horny?
He has a house there could be worth taking a look
Really being on a call and you just
Roundhouse kick a barrel in the middle of the call
Can I go in here?
I can
And that means someone restocks this area for leon later
Merchant's just coming through setting stuff out like a nice guy
Keep her locked in
Lock her up
They should change roundhouse kick to a roadhouse kick
I did watch I skimmed through the, um
Prime video roadhouse
I think some people really liked it. I thought it was pretty good. I like I thought the action was fun
counter McGregor is
Sort of fascinatingly overacting and also underacting at the same time
Between you know attacking random people at bars
What the a whole bird's nest
They ash is upset
But there seems to be nothing for it
I can't go any higher up
Oh my god, we'll never get through this
There's nothing to do about this one cabinet. I don't really get where I'm supposed to
This seems right
Conor McGregor is your favorite. I mean, he's literally doing is like he's just doing his ufc walkout the whole movie
But I mean, I can't deny it was pretty entertaining
What the fuck are we supposed to do up here?
Back this way
We go back this way
I guess look at them just in a line. Oh, I don't even have to fight these people
They're busy getting all churched up
They love the church
Well, you know, I'm glad I killed a few anyway
a merchant
Hey stranger
So what are you? I thought that the that she he just called leon that
You've picked quite the place to set up shop stranger
Yeah, and leon and this girl were meant for each other. It's completely unfazed by everything. Let's make our first time
Welcome
Well, look at you, mate
I've got something new for you, mate. Zombies are her fans. I believe it
We get different merchant music
Your weapons are in good hands, mate. I'll see you right. I think let's just not update anything yet
I don't know what kind of guns she gets
A deal
Will that be all then? All right, is there a save here? I might
Call it for today here now that we've
Finally made it to our dear sweet merchant. Listen to this fun music
I'll leave it on this
Well, we did it guys. We beat the game. There's slightly more game to still beat. So
Uh, we'll try it again later
We'll separate ways it more later
I
Just want to say I never doubted myself for a second. I'm sure you didn't leon. I really didn't I never did for a second
Good job
And also I want to go back and beat a pastor
But why?
I think I left a few villagers
I can't just let that stand
You have to kill more people. I might have to kill more people
Okay, um, well, let's see who's on
Kind of beast whoa
Oh, someone's playing risen evil 2 on the front page. Okay
Oh, spinach is on how long is she been on?
a while
How long is the sauce been on?
Less long. Let's read dank sauce
I think ash will probably also get off soon
Oh, it's a kick raid
Straight from kick
Raid is coming. Oh good. It is raiding. Okay
Uh, thanks for hanging out guys
for a finally finish the game saturday stream
Have a great rest of your night
And um
We oh, I might stream that game that everyone keeps streaming to play telling me to play
with kendall
the
one that's like
Lethal company but not
The thing that's sort of like lethal company
Um, so I don't know we'll see if kendall's available and then maybe we'll play that with her or somebody
Okay, see y'all later. Have a great saturday. Have a great weekend. We'll be back on monday. I think with the podcast content warning
Yes, that is what I'm trying to think of. Thank you as always chat for filling in my many blanks
Uh and have a great rest of your nights. Bye. Bye