I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
6, 5, 4...
Hello everybody, good to see ya.
John G Man, Gunshade the first Tamtran.
Great to you. Sometimes I find automated intros. Just really sneak up on me.
Uh, Apple, Dapple.
Great to see ya, Subrichi, Live and Sleazy.
Live and Sleazy, thanks so much for sharing the...
Laser round 2.
A debate has already been demanded.
Is Munchwrap Supreme or Crumbun the better porn name?
Hmm, Munchwrap Supreme, Crumbun.
Those are also better drag names than what they came up with yesterday.
Although to be fair, I guess they were JD Vance's drag names.
Yeah, that's a really good question that we'll have to get to as soon as possible.
My mic's getting kinda gross.
You guys get to hear me clean it.
Get rid of these little... Yeah, get rid of the little specs.
The little sound specs.
Alright, um, Papito claimed that he has a new...
That he hired a new...
Host?
Destructive one, thank you so much for the 21 months.
Thank you, yeah, I ran into a guy.
I said come do the news.
Oh my gosh, the hype train's here because the music's not because I muted it yesterday.
There it is.
A classic start, thank you, ladies, side tricks for the 12 months,
a destructive one for the 21 months.
Summoning everyone's favorite endlessly recurring guest,
who's probably here, the hype train.
It's important to not...
Rain, don't accuse me of things I'm not doing.
Don't threaten me with a bad time, baby, I'm here.
I always am, but more so I'm ready to hype train.
It's going out of the world, man.
You don't really cover the news usually, hype train.
Yeah, man, what's going on in the world, man?
Everybody think you can apple to apple.
Come on again, thank you for the whole new age of it.
Jesus, why hype train?
I don't know.
I'm pretty sure...
It's not how that works.
Oh, Jesus, hype train, goddammit.
I'm not accusing the bin discords section, that's true, you can't.
We do do other things than talk to a train on this stream.
Not anything worth doing.
I give you good brain tingles?
So we party this stream.
This is the...
Soap it through, man.
Let me a sad rap song, let me tell you why I'm worried about you.
What did I do? I'm fine.
Yeah, but man, I'm not worried about you, man.
Everything's the same, hype train.
It's just you're just off, man.
And lately we've been trying to tell you, man.
Why are you saying man so...
Man, lately we've been trying to tell you, man.
We're worried about you, man.
No.
I found this track called Worried.
Man, it's been the same, man.
Everything's the change, man.
We've been worried about you, man.
We're the bad man.
Save my speech.
Late night, all alone.
Worry that case isn't even home.
Everyone else can ask where this case is going.
We're worried unless the sound...
Damn, Trance, not worried they just dropped ten fresh news subs
into the factosphere.
But that's cause they're worried about you, man.
Damn, Trance called cause they worried about you, man.
John, like a crowd cause they worried about you, man.
They're dropping subs cause they worried about you, man.
They worried that you can't, you can't, man.
Cause they worried God, damn.
They're saying worried for years, man.
But now we gotta tell you, man, that we worried about you, man.
Yeah, we worried about you, man.
We call sixteen times and every time you pick up why.
Goddamn time.
You're home too much and you pick up your phone too late.
The reason why, you're saying I pick up your calls
and I'm home a lot.
You should be less responsible
and a little more distant from your friends.
That's the reason why I'm worried about you, man.
And then you say, what's up? I'm like, why'd he say that?
Shouldn't you know that what's up is stuff?
What's up?
That's a normal way to answer the phone.
You don't call me, by the way. You're a train from hell.
That's another reason why I'm worried about you.
It's because you're not in hell with me.
Every time that I die, you don't even come to my place with me.
Apple devil gets it. There's a worry about you, man.
Not a protest.
Drop it bitch, not a protest. You got to stop this.
The bridge where I drink a lube.
What about you?
You're the one chugging screen lotion.
It's just the kind of thing you'd say since you changed, man.
And it's never gonna be the same, man.
Go feel t-t-thank you so much for the hundred...hundred...
The hunk of Phil's worried about you, man.
He's worried about you, man.
Well, that's just that.
No, that's the point. No, this is an intervention.
I-I-I raised silver, I swear. I'm probably, if anything, I'm too the same.
That's another thing we're worried about. You've changed and you're the same.
The mighty Oz, thank you for the hundred bits on a protest case.
They're worried about you.
They can sub for b-and they can give bits for reasons other than being worried.
No, no, at least I-at least need to find you a different track.
You can't just re-run the whole...all you said was you were worried about me for five minutes straight.
I can't inflict that on the audience.
Yes, yes, you can, man.
This is exactly the kind of thing that you're doing lately, man.
You're worried to play the same rap track again, man.
What are you...that's you being worried, man.
Aren't you worried about me?
You're worried, man.
Is it that you're worried about me or I'm worried?
Man, that's just the kind of thing that you'd say, man.
And that's why you're so worried, man.
I can't understand why you're so worried, man.
Everything's changed and the simple things changed.
You're not the first person or first thing to rap about being in my ass.
That's another reason that you're worried about me.
I'm trying to...you can't...
Stay this worried.
Listen up, Jack. Uncle Fogel just mammajammed 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this case or you or your...
Man, come on, buddy. You don't look that much like Jvans.
I'm asleep.
Fido, are you worried about me?
I barely think about you.
Thank you. That's all I'm looking for.
Yeah, man.
Uncle Phil, thank you for the 100 bits.
Mighty Oz, Uncle Phil, Apple Dapple.
Uh, thank you for reining the bits upon us.
Seemingly out of concern.
Nothing.
What happened to Sammy theme try one?
I can't find it. I know that I recorded it.
I can't find the file I recorded it under.
And I searched for a bit.
Irresponsible case.
We're gonna make Sammy pull double time here.
I think I'll be able to find it eventually when I...
I've been planning to go through like a big file cleanup on my computer
because I need to set it up to...
I'm gonna buy like a big backup system for all the editing work I do.
I think I'll probably be able to find it then.
Um, but it's just... I've made too many...
It's because I've been doing podcast editing.
I have so many audition files that I'm having trouble...
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You're not interested?
No, I'm just saying blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What does that mean?
It means that you're bored.
Oh, no, I'm just saying blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Thank you.
Never mind.
How many terabytes are we talking about?
Um, I have about six external hard drives that are not in any kind of like, um,
array system for people that love backup file system talk.
Um, I don't have like a hard drive array.
I just have a shitload of external hard drives and I...
Lately I feel like I do want a system that just auto-backed up my files.
I've also put so much...
We'll call it work into, uh, this and a number of other independent projects
that have like a ton of assets associated with them
that I realize if my hard drive ever got corrupted.
This is technically backed up, but there's a lot of stuff that isn't
because I just don't remember to back it up.
Yeah, I need to gnaz.
I need to gnaz.
Greatest gnaz of all time.
Greatest of all time gnaz.
Yeah, gnaz.
Best of all time.
Yeah, I gotta...
I'm gonna figure out some kind of backup system.
I don't really want to have to like spend a bunch of money on...
Like, uh, I don't really get to like ten...
The Ethernet systems.
I gotta figure it out, but I'm planning to buy like a big...
A big chunky boy.
A big chunky boy for this chunky boy.
Why is it...
I hear a little whistle on this and I just never know what it is.
Anyway, Pepito, sorry, before everyone informed me that...
Well, the hype train informed me that they're worried about me.
Yeah, man.
Don't you start.
Apparently we have a new, um...
A new anchor per thing.
Yeah, we got a new anchor thing that I find on the streets.
That's where you find a lot of these people.
Yeah, it's mostly people that give me scraps of stuff.
This guy gave me a lot of Cheetos.
So... he's hired.
Paperwork done.
You don't know how to do paperwork.
Yeah, but he probably did.
I'm assuming it's legally binding.
Were they found JD Vance?
Yeah, that worked out.
It's kind of not working out.
Yeah, but it's fine.
I don't know if it's fine.
Yeah, but it's mostly fine.
Alright, whatever.
Let's do a little bit of news.
What's going on in the world?
It's news time.
It's still the other times.
Don't let them take it from you.
Alright?
I feel like I'm just gonna...
...first lady's fit against me.
They won't need a car.
Hmm?
I'm gonna get you later.
That's fun, man.
I like that.
That's great.
That's freaking great, man.
Are you the hype train?
What's going on?
Nah, man.
I'm Garf Gutter.
Oh, great.
It's Garf Gutter.
Yeah, man.
Dun, dun, man.
Dad Leprechaun, thank you so much for the 16 months.
Thanks, Sos.
Thank you for the 100 bits.
Yeah, that's really cool, dude.
Yeah.
Any Garf heads out there?
Absolutely.
Put a bit of a wanderer for years,
but I have a little bit of a phone,
a little bit of a music guy,
a little bit of a pottery guy,
a little bit of a candle-making guy,
a little bit of an American guy.
Although, really, I consider myself a citizen
of the spiritual play.
Grumble set for Garf.
Woo.
Alright, Garf.
Do you like news?
No, no.
Not at all, man.
Don't really keep up with it, man.
Don't really see the point.
You do realize this is like a news thing, right?
Yeah, I mean, you know, it's all a thing, right?
Everything's kind of a thing if you think about it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is one of my old classic songs.
What's the song?
You don't know my song?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Yeah.
And do not auto-tune me.
I don't do that.
I wouldn't.
We can agree on that.
I'm going to be alright.
Okay, do you want to talk about JK Ori annexing rolling
and Elon Musk getting sued for being assholes?
Mm, I'm actually more in the positive.
of kick. I think everybody's probably. Everybody's got their reasons. We got to hear everybody
out, you know. You see a bar fight, you buy both sides a drink, alright? You see a bar
fight, you buy both sides a drink, absolutely. Then you're all chilling, you're hanging
out, they invite you back to their place. You keep drinking, both sides drinking. Maybe
we get to swapping, flippy-flopping some wives. Spoiler alert, I'm not married. I'll still
swap though. Kendall, how you doing? Oh, you got a lady in here? Yeah, Gar, relax. Hey.
You want to meet? Don't worry, it's waist up. It's a waist up shot. Come over here, let
me introduce you to my pal. Yeah, I want to introduce my bandmate. Yeah, that's fine.
They don't have pants on. Makes it sexier. Yeah, they'll come over here closer.
That's my bandmate. That's Crough. That's Crough Street. He's my drummer. We don't
always, we don't really travel together. It's just when we happen to run into each
other, you know. Me and Crough. I'm Gruff. This is Kendall. Yeah, this is
Crough, my drummer. Yeah, they're into dyeing their hair a lot, so kind of a
different look if we're on stage together. Crough, how you doing? Crough's kind of...
That's wild. Yeah, Crough's wild, absolutely. You look great, Crough. You look great.
Oh, they're meeting each other. And they're gone. That's weird. It's weird how they
phased out of here. Didn't Crough used to be in Paramore? Yeah, I think so. They
can't see you from the waist down. Look, it's just the shirt. Wait, now I'll tell you
when you're clear. You're about to be clear. Yeah, it's already off frame. Look, I'm
blocking it. I'm blocking you, Crough. Crough, I'm blocking you. Is it Crug or
Crough? You tell me, man. I look up at the stars. That's why I ask.
All right, Grough. Grough gutter. Okay. Do you have any albums? Yeah, but I only see...
You have to meet me. I don't really believe in the internet. You don't believe in
the internet? I don't do internet. I like to be tied down to one place. Well, this is
a... This is in LA. I only do this from LA. Yeah, and I'll only do it when I'm
here, man. That's just how it's got to be. I'll be here when I'm here. All
right, well, can you do... Do you know... Can you read the news? You're asking me
if I can read? You can, though. Sorry, Crough's asking me to turn off the lights
in the bedroom. Garfunkel in the downward spiral or a Joy. That's a classic. Alexa.
Turn off bedroom lights. You got a bedroom in here? You know how to use it, Alexa?
Alexa, turn off the hallway lights. You claim that you know how to use the internet,
but you know how to use my automated light system? I heard Pepito doing it,
so I get how to do things, man. It's because I'm kind of wild and free out here.
Doesn't mean I don't know how to do stuff. Play my song. I want to sing. No, we've
had enough singing. Can you please just do the news? All right, man.
I'm cutting you off. Oh, I need to read this.
JK Rowling and Elon Musk named in cyber bullying lawsuit filed by Algerian boxer
Amon Khalif after Olympic win. Exclusive. Bob Dylan would be proud. I've met him.
Oh, you have? In like uncertain spiritual journeys, I've met him. It counts. Oh,
okay. JK Rowling and Elon Musk have both been named in criminal complaint filed
to French authorities over alleged acts of aggravated cyber harassment
against Algerian boxer, newly crowned Olympic champion, Amon Khalif,
Nob, nobbyl booty, the Paris. I don't know if you said that right. It's a little
like we're all on a journey of learning. So just know if I didn't that, uh, in my heart I did.
Confirmed a variety that both figures were mentioned in the body of the complaint
posted to the anti online hatred center of Paris prosecutors office on Friday
in a statement sent to variety and I got a statement for you and that statement's this.
Okay. In a statement sent to variety, the Paris prosecutors office confirmed it received the
complaint filed by Khalif and announced that an investigation had been launched on August 13th
contacted, uh, contacted the OCLCH center office for the fight against crimes against
humanity and hate crimes. Whoa. That's a scary son in office, man. I hate to see hate.
Fear the flames of the flogger man. Yeah.
Is that one of your songs? That's one of my songs. Yeah.
I see you got a actual fan and chat. That's great. You know what chat is, but you claim to not
believe the internet. I had a dream Bob Dylan was a friend of mine and then you met him.
You met him. Uh, I'm the electric man. I've met the, I've met the electric man. Oh man,
so many spirit friends I'm meeting today. You've met the electric man. Oh, the electric man.
You run into that guy in your mind palace.
Great guy. Okay. Well, uh, are you familiar with this Amon boxing thing?
Um, I just don't, I like, I believe in, uh, traditional sports. Oh God, you're one of those
guys. Well, you know, like, I don't really believe the Olympics aren't really traditional
enough for me. What do you mean? Oh, like, actual sports are like, you meet a guy at a bar, you're
like, who can, who can throw this stick furthest on the river or gal, whoever. Everybody's having fun
throwing sticks at the river and you just kind of eyeball who threw it the furthest. That's a sport.
Flip cup also classic sport. They've been doing that since
the ancient Gaelic days. Ultimate Frisbee. Now we're talking American sports and global sports.
The Olympics technically, I mean, it's, it's very debate. They, they attempt to trace their lineage
back at least to the Greeks. Paper football. Now that's a classic sport. The stuff that
she could have done back, you know, when we were simple settlers, you know,
no mads eating sticks off the ground. Nobody ever ate sticks off the ground, gruff.
We just, we make things so complicated nowadays. A sport is just you and your best buds. You say,
who can arm wrestle my dog? And the first person to do it wins. My dog wins a lot though.
You did bring a lot of, okay. That's a good point, live in Sleaze. You do have to boil the
sticks first. Anyway, I'm just saying people are getting pretty bent out of shape out above this.
Honestly, they should probably just have, honestly, what they should really do,
they should have a drink, man. Just have a drink. Both sides. The people that like hate
trans people or whatever. And the trans people that are currently being actively,
you know, experienced active prejudice every day. Both sides just have a drink, man.
Then you take them back to your place. You keep drinking. Eventually, maybe you get to swap it.
Spoiler alert. I actually, I'm legally married in six states. It's all about love. Are you married
or not married? Depends on the state. Anyway, who's getting sued? Amon is suing Elon and
Musk. Sorry, Elon and rolling. Musk and rolling. There we go. Those are the last names. Take it
easy, man. All right. All right. Getting the courts into this. I don't believe in courts. I'm not
surprised. Well, to conduct an investigation into the counts of cyber harassment due to gender
public insult because of gender public incitement to discrimination and public insult because of
origin. They do all those things. Yeah, they do all those things. Wow, they were busy. The lawsuit
was filed against X, which under French law means that it was filed against unknown persons that
ensures that the prosecution has all the latitude to be able to investigate against
all people, including those who may have written hateful messages under pseudonyms,
said booty. The complaint nevertheless mentions famous controversial figures.
Jake, you're willing and Elon musker named the lawsuit among others. I think Donald Trump would
be part of the investigation. Trump tweeted. So whether or not he is named in our lawsuit,
he will inevitably be looked into as part of the prosecution. He's read only two courts matter,
Wolf Court and food court. Those. Okay. Yeah, Bible do believe you got a smart bunch around
here. Why is a tiny crumb at the bottom of the screen? Oh, wait, what the, why is that little
guy down there? Well, those are alerts I added to let me know that I have to do these segments.
So you can rub the little crumb head if I once I go to the debate, that'll be gone. I respect you
have a huge water mug there. Me too. Gotta have a big water mug. Watch me drink this. That didn't
look great, man. What? I got real good. I got really good at keeping the water away from my beard
over the years. That's how I keep it so neat from loves having his head rubbed. Oh, this
little guy likes head rubs. That's fantastic. Grab his little head.
He live one by on Saturday, one the key live who won Saturday, who on Saturday, wow, won the gold
medal in the women's 66 kilogram boxing competition spent much of 2024 in Paris,
the center of a noisy and unpleasant dispute about her gender eligibility that reverberated
around the world despite being born female and not identifying as transgender or intersex and
being backed by the International Olympic Committee who asserted scientifically this is not a man fighting
a woman, Gila faced a torrent of accusations and abuse over her gender. I hope Amon Khalif
sues JK Rowling to the point where any future Harry Potter material is referenced. Amon
Khalif's Harry Potter, that would be an incredible outcome, expelliarmacing the entire franchise
from under. It's her thing though, right? Like she did the wizard stuff and
little goblin guys or whatever. Swear cases mugs get bigger each stream. I should just that'd be
a great if I snuck in a bigger and bigger mugs. Eventually it's just like I pull in a whole
body size mug off frame. You definitely by start buying H.O. stuff if Amon got the royalties,
it would just be really fun if somebody other I mean, she's made so much money off of them
at this point does she need more? I don't believe in royalties man my music belongs to the wind.
That's why I sing at it all the time. Win, win, rollin' at the oven of sound time. Win of oven,
okay. It is sometimes hard to eat though. You know because I don't believe in money or
royalties. But I do believe in the kindness of strangers. You know you need enough strangers at a
bar and maybe the two sides are fighting. You buy them both beers on your tab that you've never paid
off. I get it. You cut my music. You don't have to cut it off man. We're trying to do a news
story I swear. I am doing it man. I'm doing it at my own pace. Most of the attacks came via
social media particularly on Twitter and the controversy was escalated when high-profile
figures stepped into the fray and one message to her 14.2 million followers. Rolling posted a
picture of Kalief's fight with Italian boxer Angela Carini accusing the former of being a man who is
enjoying the distress of a woman he's just punched in the head. Wait but she's not isn't aren't
they both women? Yeah that's the whole point. Well it's not the whole point. That's part of
the point. It's just particularly crazy in this case that she's even going after biological women
which she's so obsessed with. Man I ain't even obsessed with biology. I don't even really believe
in biology. What do you believe in? Do you believe in biology? Well I guess in this case I uh
when it comes to defining gender I don't think it's it's just biology that's work
with us humans. So I guess in this case I'm actually on your side and I'm just saying I don't
believe in it period. Like I don't know I think we're kind of little squiggles.
Like I've seen sometimes I've seen the heart of man and it's a lot of little squiggles actually.
So until biology can explain those squiggles I'd say miss me with that. You got decent
squiggles. Your dog the dog that I met that got me in this job incredible squiggles.
What are the squiggles? That's the million dollar question man.
What are the squiggles? Musk meanwhile shared a post from swimmer Riley Gaines that claim men
don't belong in women's sports. The ex-owner co-signed the message by writing absolutely.
Trump posted a message with a picture from the from the fight with Karina accompanied by you
know reading tweets is weird. Yeah it is. It'd be nice if they just showed the tweets.
Can we what's Elon tweeting lately? Let's what's JK tweeting can we free scroll JK Rowling's page?
I try not to because it's mostly um what I kind of consider to be hate speech but I guess we can
see if she's talking about this. Um oh yep she's still mad about women's sports. Oh but she's
kind of looks like she the last time she tweeted was the seventh. Well hey that's the power
of the courts in action that you don't believe in. Maybe it's shut her the fuck up for a few days.
Or does she not tweet that regularly? Uh no she tweets multiple times a day unless she's being
currently sued for all the hate speech she's doing seemingly. So I guess actually suing her
is a pretty great way to make her stop tweeting which I believe in man because like honestly I
don't really believe like did I mention I don't really believe in the internet you just you really did.
Yeah man.
That's the song I wrote about the internet. It's like Elon Musk is not deterred. Elon Musk is still
tweeting. Haters will say this is AI. It's got music.
I've done a couple covers of that song. What a what an incredible what an incredible promotion
of the Trump campaign that is. Oh yeah this is that Trump guy. This is that Trump guy. I don't
really keep up with. I don't really believe in you don't believe in presidents. No I don't believe in
branches of government. I think I think the government's like an ocean man where I'll just
wave on it. You know you know man. You know man. Yeah yeah okay man. She'll keep women out of men's
sports. This is a long article and I got places to be. You do. I thought you were completely wild
and free. Yeah exactly. This made me feel a little less free. This lady's kind of a bummer.
You know I um I've obviously read all of Harry Potter. You've read all of Harry Potter. Yeah man
I mean you're on the road. You know man you find a couple books you're reading.
I read like a lot of books. That sounds like it's not true.
Oh. Ocean of Mint. That's a great name for government. Ocean of Mint. Ocean of Mint.
Yeah that's they should change the government to that. The ocean of Mint. Yeah it's hard to say
but it's hard to it's also hard to lead man. Like we're a bunch of we're a bunch of crazy
squiggles out here man. It's hard to get those squiggles in a container and that's all
the reality is if you think about it man we're just trying to get these squiggles in a container
man and that's why I always say like honestly we gotta be a little nicer to each other man. We're
all just little wriggly guys. We're just trying to squiggle into some spots. It's too often that we
don't recognize that ultimately at the end of the day your squiggle is just a little different
squiggly than my squiggler. So maybe we're gonna all squiggle together man. We can finally do
something in this dang world. You know what I mean? Maybe swap some wives. Why are you looking
at me like that? Usually when I give that speech it ends with a little bit of swapping.
We're the only ones in here right now man. Who else am I looking at cowboy?
It's not swapping it's just the two of us. Come over here man. I'm not saying you gotta.
I can come to you too. Okay I come 90. I give you a back rub. Blink once. A couple times and then
in reverse if you want me to give you a back rub. Okay that's a yes. Oh yeah. Yeah a lot of tension.
That train was right. There's tension in your ass. It's crazy. He's not dropping the tension
at all no matter how hard I rub. All right man I respect it. You're a tense guy. Nice.
You do have very strong hands. You think Garf's the only one that can fix our country's
divide and you spoke too soon. Well hey man I ain't claiming to be a messiah. I'm just claiming to be a
nice guy. Uh huh. You know the stream is visually very weird. What do you mean man? Honestly Garf
thanks for being here. At least you're uh you're you seem like a nice guy. Okay well that's uh
we're good for now. Nice and I am good for now and I'll be good next time too.
I'll see you all real soon. Have a great one. Have a great one. So nice to Garf to drop by.
This busy touring schedule I mean he's got to make all of his sales
direct to face because he doesn't believe in digital distribution um or radio distribution.
It did take a little bit of a turn. Give me so many cheetos. I think he just dropped a bag maybe
but then he let me have them. I was like you don't want these four cheetos? Really more street
cheetos. Yeah you know comparatively he's one of our nicer hosts I guess. Okay well we have to um
we gotta go debate something. I gotta remember those names. Let me let me double check the
names that we got because they were pretty good. Munch wrap supreme or crumb bun the better
porn name what do you think you know? I don't want to influence the votes because I believe in
what? Oh okay you just lost track of what you were saying. I never had track of it. Oh okay well
let's send it down to Munch and Crumb and they can debate what the better porn name is
Munch Wrap Supreme or Crumb Bun. Let's find out. Hot off my winning streak oh my god I'm back
again never left never stopped winning been winning too much lately maybe maybe it's
maybe I'm bored of winning so if I don't win today who even cares not me I know I will though
and you won't though and you're done though. What? You're being weird again. What do you mean?
I think it's your hair. I think your hair is off or something. You look weird. Is that the best you got?
What is going on with your hair? You can't ask what's going on with my hair when your head looks
like that. It's it's fucking grown again. What do you mean? What do you mean? My head is always the
same it is so high today. Why is his head so high today? Look that didn't fix it that did not fix
it. Yeah exactly got a fucking silly putty head he's trying to make he's trying to make claims about
other man's scalps with that thing up there it's but your eyes are meant to be in the center of
your head and you know it's just if you have a bald head you just realize that everybody's
got a really high head underwent trinkets and that's why they've been subscribed to the Crumb
Marie for 20 months I just came over that Crumb Marie. He did just pull his forehead down.
You fully have a silly putty head I hope you know that well you have odd hair sometimes you have
double hair sometimes you have phantom fucking hair which is literally the ghost hairs that you've
trapped on your scalp that wish they could escape and you're still trying to come from my looks
while looking like this. Oh, Hartburn. Hartburn ate a bunch of nerd ropes this morning. What? One of my kids
found an old trove of their Halloween candy we used to store the kids Halloween candy we'd let
them have one on the night and then depending on their report card we'd give them one additional
candy per A and that was how we doled out the Halloween candy over the years anyway because
they still got a ton of candy it left a giant glut of candies I found them in the attic and there was
just a trove of nerd ropes that I just got to snacking on this morning I went a little crazy
Crumb I used to store the kids no I stored their candy did I misspeak I stored their
candy I do not store children please look at this face I don't store kids kids would probably
want to be in fucking cold storage just skip over the part where you're their father
Crumb claims to have two daughters you have two beautiful daughters poor women Crumb not like us
but Crumb Crumb Munchwrap Supreme is like us and is in fact the better the better porn name
an interesting porn name I always thought porn names were more like you know like
mmm it's like your first it's like your street name plus your middle name oh
then mine would be Crumb Fuchsius Lulu Lemon I said your street name yeah I grew up on Lulu Lemon
Boulevard that's the name of a store well yeah but you should just be a street Lulu Lemon Boulevard
so I'd be Crumb Fuchsius Lulu Lemon Boulevard and I don't I refuse to reveal my middle name so
I'm going to go with Munchwrap Supreme and that's not the name we're going with by the way the
question is is Crumb Bun or Munchwrap Supreme a better porn name anyway I might have probably
just be like Munch mmm Ralph Dick Dick Ralph Big Dick Dick the biggest dick in porn none of those
just go with Munchwrap Supreme well then you go with Crumb Bun I am I'm gonna Crumb Bun I do think
is a better name we don't have a mod that mine's making that debate Crumb Bun is more fun and I
Munchwrap Supreme is just an item of food you know I will speak first you're always talking
you're always talking I'm always talking you're always listening to him and he's doing it right
now he's doing it right now because he knows that Munchwrap Supreme if I say it enough times
is in fact a way better porn name look a Crumb Bun that can be a I can just be one butt
cheat one butt cheek does not make a porn a Munchwrap Supreme it's got supreme in the title
you know you're getting something big and fucking crunchy you're getting an absolute mouthful with a
bun that shit could be real little it could be like a one-butter at best it could be a fucking
odour me you know you're getting the full fucking supreme and it's stuffed with all the
best ingredients and it's ready to fucking stuff you it's easier for puns it's longer it's
supreme it's related to Taco Bell which honestly is the kind of thing that you eat while watching
porn so honest it just all lines up it's too fucking easy and also it brings to mind me having sex
whereas the idea of you having sex is defined by the Geneva Convention as not only a hate crime
but an international war crime and you do belong in the Hague and I rest my case
uh well I don't know what you were saying is usual because it was so rambling and stupid I
just think Crumbbun's kind of a fun name oh my little Crumbbun oopsie I got a little butter on
my Crumbbun you want to you want to spread the butter on my Crumbbun what kind of porn is this
it's the porn where I have a little Crumbbun I come out and my little dimply butt you're
why did your butt have dimples my little dimply shiny butt and I'm like ooh who wants to play
with my Crumbbun and then you know whatever the genre is we have a little fun doing genital
stuff with my Crumbbun what are you talking about what look I just it's just a porn I'm putting
myself in the scene there's a couple people everybody's in Togus and they all got butter
knives and they're spreading butter on my Crumbbun I'm saying it makes a scene just the name
and everybody's spreading it they're having fun and uh you know they're wiping butter off
and spreading more that is just that I don't know it's probably one I think eroticism has become
too limited honestly pornography doesn't have enough story or experimenting it doesn't even
need to feature sex sometimes it could feature I don't know a Roman period piece where everybody's
spreading butter on a nude bald man's rear play my fucking song play my fucking song what
how is that how is hardcore penetration so acceptable but the idea of a debased Roman Lord
getting his his butt buttered by a bunch of plebeians why is that so absurd
that it's I did that there's no need to be explain it man reminding me to keep uh
but keep writing me Sean yeah I'm not saying that's the porn I want it's just I was going
off the name Crumbbun and it made you think of a fucking Nero's court Caligula fucking butter
butt spreading no it would be a gentle Roman senator of anything I wasn't picturing in this
scenario that I was a Caesar this is when the republic was still strong we should make that a goal
make that the new sub goal Crumbbun porn you want you're saying you would be in a
porn well this is more of an erotic film you just want this is just a how would this is just a
fantasy of yours how is this your fantasy what do you mean I mean this has to be grounds for firing
nope in cases the one who shut us over here to discuss this Crumbbun porn goal we're not
you're not everyone here is allowed to do porn except you you are legally forbidden from doing
porn you're on an offenders list I don't know which one I that is a slanderous accusation I am
not on any offenders list I actually have a spotless right I never got a speeding ticket
the only ticket I've ever gotten was for having too many raccoons in my chimney because my wife was
into oh she she thought of the chimney as a little raccoon house she kept feeding them
we built them a little playpen at the base of the at the base of the chimney then we had to
build a cage around the base of the chimney because so many raccoons were just they decided it was
there it was there it was their tower of raccoon you know I actually I I I actually did hire a
contractor to build them little planks and resting areas it was a real shame that we had to tear the
whole chimney out because well it was kind of a it just became such a mess in there raccoons are
not always kind to each other it sort of became a killing chimney unintentionally stop telling stories
stop it you know we don't need to know anything else about you every man is an island and I want
to put you on an island and then sink that island to the bottom of the sea I'm gonna
fucking anis lobby you don't bring one patient don't bring one patient to your murderish fantasies
that's too obscure of a one-piece reference it's not everybody knows anis lobby you know if
you put a d in front of it spells okay whatever what sorry that I'm sharing today sorry that I'm being
open because I trust our audience to understand the context that we're in and the premise of an
erotic journey that you might go on you know maybe I was just inspired by gruff maybe I'm feeling
loose today did you talk to fucking gruff in the green room did gruff tell you to be more
sexually liberated because I like gruff but I do need to remind him that you are essentially
a gremlin that cannot be watered this fruit cannot be fucking watered crumb porn is just
going to be him and his crusty blanket well maybe if I were 13 but I'd like to remind you that I'm
happily married and I don't believe that that was your wife still oh we're still on that we're still
on that we never got off it but I'll tell you what I am and I'm on the fucking not a comeback
the continuous come up that never stopped I'm coming up and up and I've never stopped coming
for a fucking second and I never will mount the sous-vies baby I'm blasting off 100% of the
time and we're blasting you out of here right now when I win I just see that I might as well move on
and I need to get away from this man right now we're we're what the fuck is that what what do you
mean I'm doing that don't do my voice I'm in the middle doing an outro let's put the
fucking weird delays on the stream lately now I gotta zoom us back can you please stop cutting
into my fucking out what do they do you're weirding me out thank god this outro is so happy
stop fucking skin walking and being so weird all the time by everybody we'll see you soon have a great
one see uh I'm still plotting today what do I do are they applauding you yeah I just think
I'm falling around in a plot and I don't know why who because you're a talking dog is that not
normal not really stop who an expert who has been summoned
papito why do dogs uh like used period products and who's do you like more
Kendall or Fiona it's a great question um sorry I was thinking if someone else would want to
interview you about this but I'll just do it why oh wait what oh you're asking me
yeah you're papito oh yeah yeah yeah okay well this kind of came up on a stream the other day if you
aren't aware that I do a stream with castum on Mondays but this audience probably is uh when we
were on with Gina they mentioned dogs eating that was when that happened right they mentioned dogs
eating tampons is that a thing you do well what's a tampon it's a woman's um it's a it's a period
product for women it's used to catch blood during a period to absorb it okay I heard blood and was it made
out of I like cotton or other industrial paperish products okay yeah I'll eat that if it's blood
and paper I'll eat that okay well theoretically would you rather eat Kendall's bloody thing
or Fiona's oh that's a really good question can I put them together like a sandwich
hell can I eat you're asking um no you have to pick oh man I mean I will eat both
can you bleed on it too you know I mean I'll eat your blood case it's not my first pick but if it's there
do you eat a lot of human blood I'll eat whatever blood
then there's blood laying around isn't it more rude not to eat it what do you mean that's your
precious blood and you let it leak out and I'm not supposed to do you a favor by lapping it up
off the ground or jumping on whatever is it covered it it what jumping it whatever covered it
the late great Hannibal Lecter agrees I don't know about a hang a hangables or whatever
well feel I'll go with Fiona because that's my mommy and if I'm talking to anybody's period I may as
well eat my mommy's period oh Pepito what you asked I'm a puzzle in it for the papery thing I also
like the paper part it's just you said there's if the main ingredients are like blood and paper
thing some are like they're like a cotton thing even better should I eat should I eat on this electrical
equipment would that make people more comfortable no don't eat the expensive electrical equipment
okay because I would like to point out that this teleprompter has been frozen from probably over a
year yeah that teleprompter is not too useful so I could eat that well you answered our questions
options now who's bloody tampon would you eat Pepito I didn't do that I don't know how things work
you did this that's true I well I didn't do this poll but I did do I did I debate
to believe I did agree to do this anyway explanation point oh is how you fill that out yeah if anybody's
got any hot opinions on on that question you're not gonna read it it is asking the question you
already asked me who is bloody tampon what'd you eat Leonard Crumbs Dumpy Liliana Pepito Lube
chef exclamation point one through five is how you vote for those one is Leonard come
crumb oh is his name come no it's crumb I misspoke lube chef yeah that would be an interesting one
and dumpies not sure who dumpies but give dumpie a chance I would eat dumpies I don't eat Liliana's I eat
my own do I have one can I eat my own blood did I leak blood should I eat it no you're not I don't
think you're leaking blood okay because I do and when I do I eat it lube chef oh this is around I'll
eat it I think we've covered this enough Pepito thank you for I needed an expert and you were the
expert that was called for yeah I'm always here well except when I'm not I'm gonna go no Pepito we're
doing the show oh what was I doing don't worry about it hmm I just wanted to weigh in that I think I'd
eat candles I just don't know Fiona that well but I'll bet candle a few times no one asked you Chad
oh wasn't I wasn't also an expert in this not that I know of all right I mean I'm happy to weigh in
I'm here that's the dog and I'm the fucking I'm a big dog you know what I mean so I mean if you had to
you would pick candle right well obviously I'd have to pick candle candles my partner now I'm your partner
too so did you eat mine we talked about this enough Chad all right that's rude but all right
okay let's um uh we're just gonna do another news let's just do some more news
we're ready to do some news at last are you done talking about showing down on tampons case
you little nasty beast
oh I accidentally ejected Jeff again
come back stop doing that
good to see everybody it's your best friend Jeff Ripple
everyone's best friend your best news friend
ready to deliver what are we talking about you didn't bring a story oh am I supposed to
since when am I supposed to do things all right whatever um you decide uh we'll talk about an AI
thing oh I should have picked that's my bad everybody case news at 4 p.m asking the important
questions who's tampon would you eat turns out lubed up man and the onus something like that something
like that uh let's see where did I put this story do I have this story okay google gemini you're
familiar with this uh it's an AI thing that's yours familiar with it is me oh great okay then
yes I suppose I'm ready to cover this um awkward google gemini fails twice during a live demo
google's AI powered assistant gemini is a bit of a diva aren't we all don't do my voice I will
literally storm out of here don't do my fucking voice case what kind of place is this well you
are proving my point I see what you did there gemini's AI live demo failed twice in a row
resulting in the president a presenter Dave citron saying let's see the demos I can't read today you
can't having trouble reading today let's see the demo spirits it's not my fault there's not an ifan
there okay it's fine Jeff you can put the ifan I hate when I prompt her malfunctions let's see if
the demo spirits are with us today on the third attempt gemini completed the task at hand checking
his calendar to see if he's free subredinance carpenter up for subredinance upcoming show in
san francisco can we just find the clip please how many stories are just recounting a post
that they saw that the writer saw I'd say that's probably 70 percent of news stories now can you
run a news thing where it's just 70 percent recounting a video that you then play at the end of the
story um yeah it turns out you can do that courtesy of mashable by the way
it's it's fully allowed we should just do that well we have a we do is read stuff
oh yeah I forgot that we just read all right let's see this beast in action nope uh-oh looks like
looks like they're not with us all right let me let me uh let me wait a minute this sucks
I want to see the full video okay um okay I'll just open gemini okay here we go here's another
fail video for you I need to see this AI in action and ask check my calendar and see if I'm
free when she's coming to san francisco this year for a little context apparently what he's asking is
he's taking a picture of a subredinance carpenter uh tour schedule and then he's asking his google
assistant check my calendar and see if I'm free for any of these dates it's supposed to I guess the
ideas is processing the image with AI gemini pulls relevant content from the image connects with my
calendar and gives me the information I'm looking for oh looks like the edible demo issue let me try
one more time it didn't work this is what case wants to show us he's so proud of this
it's not working all right check my calendar and see if I'm free when she's coming to san francisco
this year see if the demo spirits are with us today oh this is a long wait
no uh-oh looks like uh looks like they're not with us all right let me let me uh
like watching one of your streams case on another device sorry about the spooks let's see if it
works the third time oh this is gonna be this if it works though that's terrifying that it's that good
is it just he took a picture there we go oh whoa I didn't think it would work that's crazy that it
can do that can you imagine looking at a schedule and all you have to do is take a photo of it
of it then talk into your phone and then wait 30 seconds there are three tries and then
it says you're free november 9th the only date that she's in san francisco it does seem like you
it would have been equally fast to use your human eyes to look at the date she's in your city
and then just check your calendar that is a huge it is that's a great point we are wasting the ai's
time propaganda also be sure your phone has your entire schedule entered yeah that's well if you
have an ai it's just as easy as taking a photo of every schedule you see and cross referencing it
against the photo of your schedule you write your schedule out on a traditional calendar you take
a picture of it and then you say feed this into my schedule then you obviously double check all the
dates just to be safe and everything that it put in there once all that's confirmed you ask the ai
to confirm it oh that's a good step ai confirms it and now you're ready to take pictures of every
other schedule to cross cross reference against your schedule it's just this is the future i you know
i don't i believe in function over form and truly this is formless the ai ai's access to your
emails and social media activity anyway so it always knows what you're doing oh so you just take a picture
of your social media well i don't think with most ai's jeff you have to take a picture of it oh my
god you don't even have to take a photo of it well with this one you you did i guess what they're
trying to show off is that it can understand photographs eventually with enough tries hmm
are we going to lose our job you did someone lost their job while i was playing that a ceo
probably tuned into this stream that sounds unlikely but sure a ceo tuned in and they just they saw
that and they fired probably 30 of their workforce they're like it's over well damn i'm fucking
i'm fucking terrified now way to go case uh why it's just look at this story meet the harvard
dropper who made an ai necklace he says is like talking to god and i it's price locked information
and he's made a necklace god we can probably find this in a non price locked format
so that was 199 dollars oh 99 dollars meet the harvard dropper who made an ai necklace sure why not
let's meet him i gotta keep talking they're gonna make me do more i just covered that whole one video
who's terrified sorry could be an anchor one of these days don't hire tera i've worked with her
she's terrible however drop-up in ai neck that says it's like talking to god a little before 9 a.m on
tuesday i texted avie schiffman a question about our upcoming interview do whatever you like schiffman
texted just write a good story just write a good story this particular tone not mean but condescending
and watchful became a theme throughout the interview wow he's really setting the table for us i feel
like i know these two this is in the genre of trash news story that i am not a huge fan of
with a extensive preamble about the interviewer's mindset while they meet this most likely conning
idiots but i could be wrong maybe this guy's great he i'm gonna i'm gonna see if there's a video of
this person talking i think it's important for us to get a vibe the story was written by an ai yeah
this is the story of how the ai felt in the wind up to meet the world's first best i a ai friend
where to round your neck wait i want to see avie schiffman talk i don't care about his product
pioneers and wearable ai okay you know what this is like a seems to be some product spec let's see
what it is so imagine this having a companion that's always there for you like literally
wherever you go and it's always ready to chat whenever you need it that's what this young tech guy
avie schiffman is working on with his new ai project contribute to this like a right away
because apparently we've all forgotten how to make real ones it's like he looked at humanity and said
yeah they're better off with something that won't ask them to move a couch forget their
birthday missus also a terrible ai thing on rent all right so let's dive into how all of this
got started avie who's really been into this idea for a couple of years now initially called his
product tab but as he kept refining the concept he realized that friend was a much better name for
what he was aiming to create the whole idea was to build something that could genuinely be there for
people not just as a tool but as a kind of supportive presence in their lives i don't know what a
woo very good that's fair initially when he started working on this he was thinking of it as more of
a traditional ai assistant something that could keep you on track with tasks and remind you
about things but then at some point he kind of had this realization that he didn't really want to
go head to head with big players like apple or microsoft who are already killing it in that space so
he decided to take things in a different direction focusing less on getting things done and more on
creating this digital companion that what is it this definitely a guy definitely got hurt by uh
some lousy friends this also sounds like a lot of these ai channels i think just pump out a voice
like they just put their scripts into a voice generator it's a tamagotchi for adults i see
the ai necklace that cures loneliness from ai daily a harvard this one's only two minutes long this
is more my speed no this is not an snl bit it's uh just a cool thing that's happening dropout an
innovator is making waves with his latest creation an artificial intelligence another voice what a
surprise this groundbreaking invention aims to combat loneliness and transform how we interact with
technology this is great emotional support good stuff shifman who previously gained recognition for
developing a widely used covid-19 tracking website has now turned his attention to creating a device
that offers companionship i can't even tell that this guy is using an ai not gone unnoticed shifman
has successfully raised 2.5 million dollars in funding based on an impressive 50 million dollar
valuation let's delve into what makes friend unique uh true to its name this ai necklace is
designed to be a personal companion it's not just another app that it's a tangible interactive
gadget that offers a one-of-a-kind it's the ai voices if you're interested in trying it out this
is so good order the basic white that's why i'm laughing 99 dollars the device is expected
to ship by january 2025 now you might be wondering how friend actually works the device connects
to your smartphone via bluetooth and continuously listens to its owner aim to provide real-time
companionship i like something to always listen to me user simply press a walkie talkie button this
triggers an in-app text response thanks to its constant listening feature oh friend can also
send proactive messages creating the feeling of an ongoing interaction what sets friend apart
from typical apps is its hardware it's yelling at us guys it's just how emotive that these
speech to ai and these ai speech generators are i mean i'm just lucky that i i noticed the slight
uh vocal irregularities otherwise obviously this is just a seamless youtube video
hmm on it being worn around the neck makes communication easier and more natural a shiftman
describes the product as an emotional toy emphasizing its role in fostering emotional
connections rather than serving as a functional assistant or therapist he points out that large
language models can be particularly effective in offering emotional support they can well friend
may share similarities with existing tools like replica or character ai its dedicated hardware
gives it a unique people all of very healthy any device that's constantly listening
privacy concerns are bound to arise oh they are shiftman has addressed these issues head on
he assures potential users that the startup does not store any recordings from the ai device
oh it doesn't know you have full control over their data with the option to delete text records at
any time as we look towards the future of ai and emotional support friend stands out as a bold
step into uncharted territory bold this innovative device revolutionize how we seek companionship
in the digital age look at these other reasonable videos new king insane humanoid robot that's
exactly the tone that we need case because it's dangerous and everyone's going to die from what
the necklace that's your friend now the necklace can be a better friend than me your best friend
i i love you there everybody's best friend jeff ripple and now a necklace can do that
i still don't quite get what it does you know they keep showing people who have actual people
friends with them using this to try and convince you it isn't just for people afraid to see sunlight
well there was one guy in a dark room watching tv but i feel like i wouldn't want usually when i'm
watching tv i kind of want my friends to like talk less they're like who's that what's that
does the necklace do that i still don't really get what the necklace does it doesn't even have a
speaker on it does it talk to you if you're in public at the museum by yourself with your necklace
is there just going to be a loud like this guy's voice hey that's a painting are you enjoying it
well that would make him a friend you for one welcome our humanoid robot overlords well that's
a healthy way to look at it skimmer does the necklace own a truck that i can borrow case why
would i know well you're the one who made me read this hmm that's true but i don't think it does
it has no hands yet what else is going on with this long article the big preamble
where he's what's blah blah blah i'm really thinking it's hard to okay i know exactly what you guys
are going to write shiftman told me before he left the office it's hard to blame him shiftman has a
lot of reasons to be defensive critics have ridiculed the 21 year old's product friend
and ai powered always listening necklace that chats with you oh through texts we should have paid
more attention i'd sorry i kind of thought that what was happening but that just sounds that just
sounds so terrible that i thought i must be missing something what a what are you what do you mean
you think just a lot of my friends and i just text it's literally just a necklace that's going to
send you spam texts based on random buzzwords it hears you say out loud yeah friend
that's what you think friendship is what do you think it is friendship is just people that
occasionally remember to text you stuff you've said to each other and now a necklace can do that case
but you're just i'm case blackwell i'm not worried about anything i think this is a safe one to not
worry about does the necklace help you move it'll text you to move if you've talked about moving
that day it'll probably text you hey just remember you're moving and i care about you man
that's honestly that would be kind of sweet maybe i'm back on board remember man you're moving
everybody's saying man today look everybody's hanging out with gruff backstage and he's a cool guy
he's got us all saying man now so listen man you're moving man just Jeff was ahead of the friend
game when he said he was our best news friend yes remember don't let the ai take you from me
i'm your best friend and you're loyal to me that's how friendship works
with your nearest mcdonald's location for great deals like a friend not cases brother
look i heard you talking about food and i know you love to move based on the moving that you're
going to do so move to the nearest mcdonald's did you know for a limited time there's a
McFlurry really i don't know but what if there was
cases into it that's why i'm such a good friend at first media outlets question
shiftman's decision to spend 1.8 million of his 2.5 million in capital he'd fundraise to buy
the domain friend.com so for the person in chat he said how was that available it wasn't he spent
1.5 million on it he initially said he did it for the publicity because we're talking about it
well he's got us there the true answer i have for you is that it keeps the artwork consistent it's
simple i like it and he likes simplicity oh it's art are you still against ai art case
this i guess this does count as ai art but it's a new form of it for sure
Kit Kat banana splits at McFlurry's oh those are real oh those are real yeah yeah they're real
what banana yeah bananas got fruit i'm here for chocolate and undiluted pure cane sugar
injected straight into my veins via cream diluting it with a banana and it might be a mistake
then he released the first sorry we're back on this then he released the product's first commercial
on july 31st world friendship day on x oh my god we've got to see this commercial or did we already
watch it look i've got to see this commercial please x oh i oh so we saw a weird ai voice
let's see what arie went with to promote this incredible product we're gonna want to see this commercial
oh my god i'm out of breath
we made it
i love this i don't know how to woo very good i'm terrified of the a but i
love her having fun that's fair oh boy that's wow what a fail
let me show you how to game bro okay oh come on wait a minute can you imagine going outside
with your ai necklace and you just get a text from your computer that says wow we're outside that is so
oh that is so dystopian and sad i i can't i'm you know friend calm i'm impressed huge huge
butters energy yes i don't know why case is laughing i thought that was a beautiful moment
of man meets machine meets grass which i believe in
i'm come on oh are you serious come on man i hate this game how much of his 2.5 million that he spent
on his and take notes baby oh man you guys suck bro you look like the back of your head let's go let's go
you know if you read all of them if you read all the text is kind of ironic
it's like so far it's been like hey while you're outside loser
you're getting fucking destroyed it's embarrassing is this a friend is this count as a friend this friend
is practicing radical honesty look this is about to be nice this show is completely underrated
don't read that as i'm out of it it means it it's dank i could eat one of these every day oh it's a
dank falafel they're very cool this is all cool what are you messy it's really nice up here how'd
you find this books i don't know i just kind of like to come up here to be by myself
it's gonna skin your falafel anybody else i mean besides her he goes everywhere with you right
it's going great i guess i must be doing something right though i guess so we'll see oh my god
are they the ai are they trapped in the computer for 99 dollars oh my god only 99 dollars there's
necklaces made out of just nothing but semi-precious metals that cost way more than that
deleted c from the room you know i don't know if there's a future for this ai necklace but i would
love to see this guy get his own hbo series and just direct nothing but scenes like that
damn this falafel's dank that's a that's the romance we're all waiting for is um
generic white couple in early 20s on roof the show you're telling me you wouldn't watch that no i'm
telling you i would watch that i think i'm the only one i would watch clips at least well clips is how
people most people watch things now what happens if you commit murder while wearing it it says
uh damn man you really destroyed that guy
hashtag hashtag murder why would it send hashtag because it's it's twitter no it's not it texts you
oh friends don't stitch maybe it wouldn't say anything if it's a real friend like your boy
jeff ripple if you guys commit murder jeff i don't think that's how you win friends
is by saying you won't rat on them for doing murder clearly you've never had a best friend
can you or phone do it the answer is yes wait a minute can i make my phone send me texts
well you could probably ask your personal like a you know a seary or an alexa to do it
who okay i'm curious i'm curious how this guy explains himself i this is one of the more
fascinatingly terrible ai products i've seen and i've watched the videos on the weird little
teenage engineering one or whatever teenage engineering case what i'd rate just saying
random search phrases from your google history no it might not be teenage they made like a rabbit
or something that's another isn't that a dil isn't that a vibrator no it's they mean like a little ai
thing that apparently sucks but they've also made some kind of fun little instruments so
he's thinking about tips for teens kissing no i'm not that's jeb's thing teenage engineering just made
that case i think c jeff i'm not lying teenage engineering ai assistant it got thrashed in the
rabbit r1 i actually had all the facts am i right well we're talking about the necklace case
i'm just saying this is like a even worse version of the rabbit thing and now we're gonna learn
how it works probably with jeb well that's fine i want to see arie i want to see avie talk about this
directly i don't need all these i don't need this filter here oh here we go here i think this is
i was in san diego visiting a friend for a few weeks and they asked if i wanted to come to a
protest with them i went back home after that and i researched more about the war and what was
going on what and i saw that there were millions of refugees flooding out of ukraine into
countries like poland germany moldova etc oh wait is he doing i was like all snuggled up in my bed in
my pajamas and i was like i was like someone should make a website that helps match ukrainian refugees
is that the same guy did i click on the wrong thing this is the same guy
the 19 year old was inspired to help after attending oh is this the same guy
i can't tell i wanted to hear i wanted to make fun of him for making a stupid necklace but in
stead he's helping refugees shoot you mean i i'm not allowed to paint people with an incredibly
broad brush and despise them i am unfortunately slightly suspicious of this kid um as i i'm a
little worried he might be a website scammer but maybe you know what to be fair he's not all about
necklaces let's hear him out on this refugee thing my bed in my pajamas and i was like tweeting
someone should make a website that helps match ukrainian refugees to potential hosts in neighboring
countries a lot of people were like wow this is a great idea you should really do this you know maybe
i should so i immediately ran out of bed and went to my laptop i thought of the idea to create a
website and avi thank you so much for being here we have to applaud you so much of this mission
started when you attended um that rally for ukraine your i'm gonna just hope that he made a functional
website that works that i have any reason to be suspicious nor would i want to slander him
somewhat worries me that the link in the description here though oh doesn't exist
oh well that's because the r is not in there that's just because they misspelled it in the
description of the website maybe i'm guessing it's ukrain shelter dot com come on load for us
oh come on oh no oh it might be loading oh no it didn't it took us to a website that said
confirm you're not a robot ukraine shelter dot com the website is ukrain shelter dot com okay everything
is working so log in ukrain shelter dot com the project was closed well there's nobody that
needs shelter anymore they did it all sometimes when something's as sensitive as refugees and
placing them don't know if a 19 year old making a website
is what i would trust who then makes an ai necklace oh timmy the brain i you know i don't know why
those um my community sub alerts aren't working so i will manually trigger this
you're just gonna get the generic new subscriber alert it's gonna say the wrong name
but thank you so much timmy the brain uh for for the community sub i i don't know what for
something gifted sub trigger community subs aren't i also don't understand the difference between those
two things but whatever slumber jammer seven no no it was timmy the brain it certainly was thank you
timmy hmm well maybe this worked at one point let's hear him talk about this necklace though and
then we'll move on to jeb because i have officially spent way too long talking about this however this is
a particularly hilarious product that this kid has made after solving the ukraine crisis he's
set his eyes on friendship in general and i think i think i trust him to do it sure of doing an
interview with with avi um who is spending a lot of time in bilin right now maybe avi you want to
quickly introduce yourself and what you're doing a tap here hi everyone uh this thing for avid
i've been chilling here in berlin this is by far the best city i've been to so i love it here yeah
um i think i was about to make friends yeah too too many details but i'm basically building this
wearable that you see right here uh it's essentially an always on microphone that kind of streams
your phone and off to the server um and i guess it's kind of this idea of like ambient computing
and ai and i'll see what he gets into a little later in then of the advantages that you get a
lot of feedback right so you put something out and you see how people react to it when you look at
the reactions that you got for for the first version of tap what would you say are like the the
bullish signals so what people what do people tell you that makes you bullish that we're gonna have
ai wearables in the future and maybe also what do people say that makes you a little bit more
bearish i know you're probably not bearish on this let me go but maybe what are kind of like
some concerns people people bring up um yeah i think one thing that i find to be very interesting is
most people would be like oh i there's no way i'm gonna wear like an always on microphone
but you will if the utility is that high and i think like it maybe it's kind of weird to say
it like that but ultimately that's the number one thing to focus on where i think people have
wanted to build a product like this for a while but you just it wasn't cheap enough to run things
like whisper it wasn't cheap enough to run lm's they weren't even they didn't even exist they
weren't that good um but yeah i'm trying to think i i just like i i have no doubt because there is no
doubt uh oh he's got zero doubts but what i like some other kind of reactions um well i now i feel
like i'm bullying this kid now i feel like i've crossed the threshold into bullying well look
between friends you can do a little light bullying so you just need the right necklace the right
friendship necklace and then you can be as mean as you want asking the important questions the yeah
the video has been used uh viewed 23.7 times on x 23.7 million times on x but also generated some
backlash horror movie depressing and disgusting for just some of the words that characterize
the reactions other defended it as a genius solution to loneliness with one even comparing
shiffman to julius caesar for enduring his critics lashing the lashing what has he been
okay are we allowed to lash people again i don't think he's been getting lashed well shiffman
doesn't really care because he believes in the product which we just saw okay oh okay here's the
stuff on the let's see if they've got any information on this ukrainian website um
shiffman doesn't really care he just says he doesn't he knows what it's like to be in spotlight
at just 17 he built the covet 19 tracking website oh my god he's a young mark zuckerberg uh that tens of
millions used per day during the height of the pandemic winning a webby award oh he wrote that
thing that was very useful and tracked it well winning a webby award by anthony fouchi himself
he got into harvard what a surprise uh and went for one semester until the ukrain russia war
began then he dropped out to make another website to help houses uh house ukrainian refugees
claiming to find housing for 100 000 use current ukrainians he's made similar websites to aid victims
of the 2023 earthquakes in turkey um shiffman has built store of confidence from these moves
you can just do things he said i really don't think i'm any smarter than anyone else
i think it's just that i don't have as much fear well shit i mean if you really found housing
for 100 000 people that's great i just he seems to be building a little bit of a cult of personality
for himself i don't have any proof or i'm not saying that it's not true i just think there's
a reason this article says he claimed a house 100 000 people but who knows who knows and if we
don't know what we have to say is you did it you'd try it if you could actually speak out loud to me
when you want it to like jarvis yeah i mean if it had any like i use a assistant i talked to
technically i use a fucking alexa like turning my lights on and off and stuff i mean i don't really
have a huge desire to feel like yo alexa what's up although i can do that hey alexa what's up
for wednesday's been whimsical wow you've got a friend case i sure do 100 000 unverified people
well they're refugees they're un when you become a refugee you become an unperson no
jeff that's ideally what doesn't happen although that is how we treat refugees unfortunately but
arie doesn't he treats them like customers which is the nicest way to treat someone
alexa whose tampon would you rather eat you're not gonna ask i just did i guess i asked you quiet
that is smart you should have your alexa remind you to clean the tampon filter don't you pointed me
i'll point at you pointing at me man okay i think we've i think we get it
possibly a definitely a fraud on this product hopefully not a fraud on the things that help people
i do remember that like covid tracking software being not that it's if it had been implemented
in any functional way that resulted in people who were tracked i guess knowing to quarantine
maybe that happened but to me it felt just kind of like a neighborhood watch type thing where
if you were so inclined to be really stressed about covid you had a website that you could
feel like you were doing detective work on um i'm just saying that product to me didn't feel
super thought through or helpful but i guess it did win a webby it won a webby case
something that tragic tragically i just don't think is in your future damn it this isn't
in a webby award-winning news show look i mean i would take the webby obviously i think i have
earned it but are you the journalist that deserves it case or is it straight up me jeff rippell
i don't think either of us have to worry about it jeff well we'll see
i don't have a webby smokebacks you're webby-less let he who wins a webby cast all the stones they
want into any website they want monetize the interaction and get a 2.5 million dollar funding
round to make a commercial and get a fun website all right well thanks jeff thank you bin for webby
or jeff for webby you know you could really go either way you want that's all the breaking news for now
i'm jeff rippell and i'm your friend around your necklace tap the button and a ripple will
come over your heart oh that is the little heart palpitation of my own ripple your heart become
my best friend submit to the ripple friendship i am your news ripple goodbye and i'll see you soon
you don't want jeff near harder organs that's probably smart he's not qualified probably wise
okay do you have to stop soon so let's uh get down to the how-to station with jeb hope he's
having a good one sort of had to watch some interesting videos yesterday let's see what he
learns today he just never know uh with of what it's how to with jeff with jeff who also has last
name but i definitely remember let's see what he's doing did case call me jeff and forget my last name
jeb dogged she's so rude he's being so rude today hey you know there's a lot of weirdos on his
stream easy to forget daddy i'm your son yeah but you know sometimes i'm like obviously there's jet
and then there's the other there's like jeff or whatever what daddy oh my god i'm in the wood
oh yeah that's true you do forget your basic surroundings and that you're dead i always
remember i'm dead i just forget i'm in the wood oh my god i'm dead and i'm in the wood and i
forgot both see you don't forget both oh yeah but it's okay oh good anyway we're here we're in my wood
working studio where i learn how to do all sorts of new things i'm excited to learn something new
with all of you my name is jeb dogged for the record case and that's okay that's okay you can learn
something new every day like my name let's see what uh you guys want me to learn today this
day we learn how to make a blazer a blazer how to corn an ear an ear corning demonstration
i've never even heard of this hey guys corn an ear case always remembers jetstain well how could he
not he's an international celebrity i don't think he's that big in the us well he that's by choice
the us is where he makes his home so he prefers to be way bigger overseas
okay well let's just learn how to corn an ear so about a week ago or so i was in
vancouver british columbia okay doing a little windsurfing and the next day i noticed that my
ear was not quite right had a little bit of an earache and i just kind of dismissed it and figured that
i would recover in the next couple days well here it is almost a week later and i still have a
problem with my ear so it dawned on me that i should try something like ear coning so i'm gonna give you
a demonstration i was reading okay let's give this thing a go first thing we do is i added an
like the cone i guess you don't corn an ear next step stick it in the ear hey what what now we just
wait and let the suction begin i'm not sure how long it takes but uh what i was reading is that you
should let it burn at least halfway down a few minutes has passed and i'm just sitting here
relaxing and uh letting the suction do its thing okay since i can't really see what the hell i'm
doing i'm getting a little nervous about the flame sure the flame is getting a little warm around
my face i certainly wish i had a second party here to help me cut for and he's just a skeleton
jesus so this is the unsightly gunk that comes out of one's ear wait what well that's it from my
that's the canon right demonstration till next time well what why did he think that was from his ear
this is actual wax right i don't know i mean a lot of stuff comes out of my ear no it doesn't
dad you're dead and you're in wood oh jesus christ you're right oh yeah yeah wow i mean obviously i've
pulled some pretty weird stuff out of my ear you know i used to make money by answering craigless ad for
person with weird thing i can pop for surgery style pimple video that's actually how i made money for a
while before i got into substitute teaching is that after i pass no you do it i just didn't
tell you about it but now if you see i've got a couple million dollar a million view videos on
tiktok not through me but you know people use my people are the various things that have been
cut open and sucked out of my body i grabbed the numbers off of those pusses great son just saying
maybe jet's not the only celebrity well some of the wax that got pulled out of my ear easy two
million views spread across multiple channels great anyway so i'm familiar and that's just not
those aren't the kind of things that get sucked out of your sores and wounds and
and ear globular in grown hairs inexplicable lumps that guy's a charlatan hey yeah how to eat a tampon
wait a minute you could actually do that i thought that was just for dogs is this a new treat that
i didn't realize maybe it's like in the movie kids when that kid dips his tampons in the high
sea and drinks it that way well i guess we'll never know unless we find out i mean i like to
i like to know as much as possible so and i'd never judge any culture's delicacy so let's see
what we're working with here hey everyone shoe nice again well basically i'm starting to do
blog tv videos where my fans get to film me put me on their own channel and someday have a viral
video because it's related to my video that's got like 30 million views on it i'm gonna just jump
ahead a little bit and you have to put this related to my video that's got like 30 million views on it
it's all just a fucking game of related tags get into the tag game and you become famous
this one's going to be called how to properly swallow a tampon without choking well we're
going to do is we're basically going to take the tampon you have to put it in water i tried to
swallow one i don't want to dry when i was like seven the age is kind of like i don't know but see how it
opens up like a little mouse you know yeah i think he was running for internet mommy it's okay don't
worry about it my shoes can't pay video be alright it's just not king of the era i'm just running for
superplus it's definitely not an OB but it's not a just not a Jamaican jubilee
i don't know fuck that thing i don't here we go to your videos not too long and then nobody wants
to watch it because nobody wants to watch a video over a minute you just learn things so we're going
to take it leave in the water on the tampon you place it into the mouth with the string hanging out
oh she is an absorber holy fuck this must have been from one of the visitors
he chooses hard to get in my mouth he knows i think it's my mother what come on oh he's got a dog
great yeah so you should know it's nice and tight
i think i got the gist so the way you eat it is you just put it in your mouth and chew for a little
while and grunt and you say something about Jamaicans at some point you just say something about
Jamaicans i don't know if that was essential to the process but that's big pat who this video has
i'm covering up on his 12k views pulling down an easy 12k off that but it has been 12 years
let's see big pat still putting out the hits oh no uh-oh um mental illness is real
yeah maybe we just don't promote certain things yet i'm not against promoting someone that's got
struggling with potential illness but uh you know maybe just maybe everything didn't work out for him
you might be surprised to learn yikes yeah yeah we're gonna just move on who am i to judge
none of the things i've done but what nothing i'm gonna watch one or two more
how to create a lava lamp
look um it looks like his next video is just him showing his ass
in a thong and then assuming this is the same guy it looks like um i don't know it just looks like
it didn't looks like things didn't entirely go great for him he uploaded something four days ago
where he looks very different and alarming and i just feel like maybe maybe i just don't maybe we
just move on so let's do that let's learn how to make a lava lamp that's harmless yeah yeah to be
creating a homemade lava lamp first we're gonna put in oil oh yeah gonna put in some food coloring
there we go look at that there we go now we stir
add some water there we go and last but not least some alka cells two one there we go
so far i'm not impressed what i'm ready to be oh look at that guys look at that doesn't that look sick
oh my gosh some different colors oh what we've never seen a lava lamp it's like as soon as it hits the
bubble and we're going to be creating a homemade lava lamp appreciate that it just cut off nice and
hard at the end there and gee was done yeah you ran out of 60 seconds huh well look if you want to
fill up a jar with oil and then also food coloring and then create some suds and call that a lava lamp
that's how to do that wow so judgy today jeb what no i just i mean that wasn't the best dad no i mean
you know okay that's how you feel jiggle keys adam what do you like that dad no i mean it's not
being judgy today jeb maybe that's how i want you are you okay are you malfunctioning i'm doing great
jeb i've got a huge house and i'm a successful former chucky cheese and wait a minute no i'm not
i'm in the wood oh god i'm in the wood jeb i'm in the wood you sure are i'm sorry i'm getting ahead
of myself i don't i shouldn't be so harsh on you because i'm just in the wood that's true dad you're
just in the wood and that's fine thanks son let's learn one more thing that was a quick one you might
be slightly out of how to you did learn how to eat a tampon not a cornhole in here i guess we
could learn there's a couple i skipped at one point let's just see if i want to
want to put a condom on with your mouth i think i can't show that okay well you know i i bragged
about my ability to pull gross things out of my body earlier one of my greatest skills yeah you
are bragging about that it's not big pad it's shoe nice oh is that who i was looking at what did i
click on who's shoe nice i want to look up shoe nice i'm getting distracted though let's learn how to
um the blackhead egg peel is fine i see well uh we're gonna look a little male nose waxing how to
wax your nose for all us fellas maybe we got some thick ones maybe you guys are starting this over
because you've seen a couple danglers coming out of cases nose let's see how to help them out
do do to do he's muted sorry i'll show you now exactly how to do a nose wax it is something
that's very simple it does not have that much pain involved because you're pulling at a very
fast rate okay great so what we're going to do is get the nose ready for a nose wax and the first
thing we want to do is we want to make sure the inside of the nose is dry make sure we're going to
dry his nose looks nice and dry inside the skin to make sure that there's no moisture
comes to getting prepared to do the waxing we're in for a treat we're going to be using a hard wax
today oh and we're going to put it in the top part of the nose is this a wax doll we do one complete
twist around and then we press together oh now the wax is becoming solid in the top part of the
nose is going to freeze frame here i'm going to freeze frame here i'm going to uh i'm just
in case anybody wants a screenshot let me just get rid of all the alerts just in case anybody
wants this feels like some kind of powerful statement on the human condition so you know i just want to
give people a chance to really take it in just this this still right here it's beautiful okay
you know just sometimes i recognize art in the wild and i want to give it a chance to breathe
this is drawing we're going to now pull the complete straight down angle one two three oh god wow
we've been able to pull probably about 20 to 40 hairs by the roots and the next time they come in they'll
come in much smaller oh doesn't it there is very little pain involved because you're not flucking at a
slow rate you're pulling at a very fast rate again we take a very little amount of wax
this man is cowboy facing so intense we come into the bottom of the nose is the same nostril
we do one complete twist oh we go close together very tightly no and then we wait for that okay wait a
minute just in case you want a slightly different color on it let me give this the same treatment
just in case just want to highlight this beautiful still frame as well this is this is what male
excellence looks like and i want to give it some time to shine thank you so much brave warrior
become hard now the bottom part we're all going to drive because you're using a larger area ladies
fellas today we go together but once the wax is dried again all we have to do
is when we make that decision to pull pull and pull fast that's the secret of what he's building up
so it's in there and you pull at a very fast rate god we've done the top we've done the bottom
and now we'll do the center okay right into the middle maybe we'll we maybe we can make this a sub goal
you know though i've looked into nose waxing before for some reason and a doctor did say it can be
dangerous so if anyone can just disprove that it's like can lead to infection then then i'm down
one complete turn and you squeeze together let go and let that harden
each time that you wax your nose you're pulling the root out which is creating the root to become
smaller and smaller which is creating the hairs to become finer and finer so when you do nose waxing
over time the hairs are fine with the nearest foreign the only do this maybe once every three
or four weeks again it is tight yeah that's what i heard that i believe to brain infractions are pulled
and get to know what not be worth it actually but this man is taking it like an absolute
skin we're just getting the hairs around the opening itself you might have one or two hairs
they're left over all you need to do is take a pair of tweezers and get that one or two hairs
oh this is torture we're not this is this man does not give a shit this is insane
and that's how you can do your own nose this is steve crovo waxing for men san francisco
and men's only salon thank you wow see jet's not the only real man well you know i i'll give it
to you i've never seen jet wax his nose it might be because he just kind of naturally has the
perfect amount of nose hair but that was impressive i'm impressed be too daddy the most viral 35 year
old man i've ever seen most viruses and now with a flawless nose that man is ready for league night
the bowling alley not cases brother he's never looked better and he's never been more ready
and i can't wait for him to have a great day that man deserves all the accolades in the world
i didn't even get his name but sometimes heroes don't wear capes or have names they just have no
nose hair because they took that waxing like a champ i am gonna out of an abundance of caution not wax
my nose as i'm slightly concerned the infection could liquefy my brain but it would be kind of funny
and so i am tempted i am tempted to see if i can live up to that man's level of
grace and beauty just wax the tip but it's so close to my brain i could do it no daddy you don't
care i can't get wax for you because you're a specter in the wood oh that makes us wait
oh yep yes it yep i am i do have a lot of nostril i do have a lot of natural nostril wax
that's produced by my body so it doesn't lead to infection well actually a lot of things in my
body lead to infections maybe i shouldn't be so worried about it well that seems i can't top
that so that seems like a great place to end for the day maybe what we learned is waxing
isn't for everybody but for the guys it is for it's really for them and i would never dream
of stealing that man's thunder he perfected it already and so bon voyage brave traveler
somewhere out there just know there's a beautiful man with a perfectly smooth nose
ball in a straight ten pin and i'll talk to you soon because you're never too old to learn a new
trick bye bye can we use a candle to burn out the nose hair that would be next level
now you're thinking now you're thinking with your earwax i gotta give this youtube channel a follow
j hooker real estate photography what sorry i did not expect that to be the channel name is um
j hooker real estate photography sorry photos and videos
how did that video end up on there am i looking at the wrong thing i guess he changed careers
jenny just left the video up on his professional real estate website where even is this it's all
real estate videos how far back do i have to go to find the point of transition away from
male grooming wait what why is this on here what is this youtube channel i'm just gonna close my eyes
to pretend that i'm not here all these empty faces talking about problems i don't care i can't wait
till sundown cuz my buddies they do niches don't need to define us for too long people have been
on their youtube grind trying to self select their audiences no let your spirit meet you where it
will everybody's country sometimes you like real estate sometimes you like club videos sometimes
you gotta wax the fuck out of the incredible male specimens nose whoa
i'm sensing the point of transition though the armpit is done sometimes the party ends
earlier than you want papita that's the greatest youtube channel i've ever seen
sometimes you gotta give it up for him well that's seems like as good of a stopping point as any to me
wax papito sure i don't know tear parts off of me no papito and then i like them up and they reattach
it's not how that works that's how it works for me is that how it works for you
who's gonna not great was there any story i didn't cover that i said i would my new goals to
cover these stories that i crap hacks i guess we could go out on crap hacks so the word crap is
underrated to me sometimes i forget that crap is a word and it's honestly underrated not even a
curse word at this point just crap i guess my only real question let me just check this story
lad bible well it features a doctor so i gotta give it up to him and i guess admit
that this is probably science i knew it was science indoor sky and indoor both i know the
distinction but not everybody does because i'm one of the two sky and two surrounds
that's true and that's because nobody can even handle the level of brain i'm operating from brain
but today we're operating from crap because you doing it from and we got the hack for you courtesy
of doctors so brace you hold on to your butts but in this specific way because i'm giving you a hot tip
today yeah yeah doctor explains why some men are prone to getting a so that's the summer penis article
case you clicked on the wrong freaking thing is this doctor shares bizarre way to sit when having a
poo that makes a huge difference if you're struggling and look we've all we've all fucking been there
honestly like i'm not gonna lie everyone is struggling with but and the stuff that come out of it
but you don't have to anymore because of this bizarre way of which the doctor will share now
and i know we joke on this channel but today we're gonna actually do some good for once a doctor
has shared a rather bizarre way to sit on the toilet that can help you if you're struggling
is about straight pooping out of your butt are you kidding me
yes people do that there's ways to do it better i've been thinking about this jet well there's
actually doctors who have already worked on this we've all been there when you feel like you have
to go number two sorry but nothing's happening lads in particular get a bad rep for sitting on the
loop on the loo for too long but often it's a combination of doom scrolling and waiting for your
bottles i never win on my bottles they do what they will to produce the goods being constipated
is not a nice feeling that's true i want to let that flow freely not being able to poo is often
a symptom of constipation sure while he won't physically be there to help you poop the mhs
surgeon has taken to tic tac to show us different ways to sit on the toilet well i hope this link
actually doesn't just link to just tic toc in general god damn it it does well now i have to
find the fucking tic toc what's this doctor's name who is the doctor ah doctor at the doctor
carnar okay now we're talking look at this guy let's just go to the source because frankly it's more
scientific to watch a video so if there's a video what the frick link to this please oh yeah here we go
he's a surge he's a surgeon a surgeon or something yeah you might have to sit crisscross apple
sauce you might sit backwards um i'm gonna try to find his his shitting advice can't poop try this here
we go shit the party's just going if you want to poop faster yeah you might want to try this this
isn't going to solve chronic constipation issues or replace a fiber rich diet but if you're
experiencing sudden internal plumbing issues this could be your get out of poop jail free card
when you sit with one leg crossed over the other it mimics the squatting position this position
changes the angle of the rectum by relaxing the puber rectilus this is the muscle what's going on
in this first thing in the rectum to maintain quantum what's holding on to my rectum like this
why is there a magnet inside my body squeezing my fucking rectum oh well i stopped your poop leaking
out when the king is lessened it allows for more direct passage of stool and optimized poop physics
this position also increases the intre abdominal pressure allowing you to squeeze out stool like
you're a frozen yogurt dispenser oh this position means a slightly more relaxed pelvic floor and less
straining if you're someone that strains a lot on a regular basis that can lead to something known as
disnergic defecation basically your body forgets how to poop properly and your pelvic floor contracts
when it should be relaxing if you don't fancy toilet yoga you can invest in a poop store or
just keep something under your feet to get the same effect wait a minute you don't have to buy a
squatty potty you could put whatever under your feet what the fuck um well yeah and it's just a
ledge that you're resting your feet on i think the idea of a squatty potty is it
it's shaped to fit into your toilet i could just use like a couple pairs of shoes i could just
pile up my shoes in front of my toilet and then i just kind of smush around in my shoe pile to
give myself a little bit of raised legs what the shoes kind of just flop over the bathroom and
they don't pile up very well i'll have to bring in a ton of shoes pile up every shoe i have in
the bathroom raising the floor level to where if i sit on the toilet my knees are super high up
why shoes check i don't know i don't choose the shoes i'm still thinking about poop
fucking funny man shit i can't deny it oh where are my heels that's a good idea that is a
fucking good idea i bet i look good in heels my raised calves giving males the sense that i'm
fleeing from them like like fleeing prey that's not that's that's junk science jet what sorry all right
you are correct that is good science jet thank you the high heels are attractive because it
reminds us of gazelles yep oh yeah conservatives are reclaiming the drag well that's politics i think
unless i can make it science might be sky it's at least it could be sky now i think it's mostly
that's mostly politics decisions are arbitrary human constructions check what are you talking about
agreeing with you and shut the fuck up dog yeah dog shut the fuck up you're being crazy i'm
being fucking crazy dog i'm sorry dog damn dog okay well shit that's how you shit right
fucking get your knees up dog get your knees up big boy like you're getting shot out of a
cannon but you're the cannon blood out splatting into the toilet dude big fucking pop off
floppy dumps coming out quick quick shot like it's fucking quick in the dead leading out of
caprio oh no you shot me dad but your poops is what you're gonna be doing with these simple
fucking hack tricks not hacks the hacks are good they're good hack not like a hack writer
you get the idea and you get that we gotta get out of here for the day that's the power
skies and on to you i did deliver it for which i was checked but now of going i will do goodbye
jake i is silent time silence boom okay let's find somebody to raid who's on
sigh i feel like we haven't rated psych or in a minute oh yeah psych we're going into the chat
right as i i noticed on the twitch okay let's read psych or boom great you freaking did it
hey i just want to talk to you about something um yesterday i got absolutely lightning speed
tackled by chet into a different room and i didn't want to make a big stink about it but
the speed of it liquidated some of my bones and it was very inconvenient from
from that's yesterday it's over what it's stuff that happens on the last stream it's over
you should have come in yesterday and where's papito papito's i i don't i think it's
lapping up some ooze did you bring the ooze up well i mean i brought some ooze up from the basement
but that's because the basement's overrun with ooze i didn't tell papito eat it crumb you come
here to complain you bring up the basement ooze and now papito's eating it i got i got tackled well
where you in chet's room yeah where you're trying to do a segment i just happened to be there
that's the cost is you get lightning speed tackled the patreon in 45 minutes that's a great
point i need to go i don't have time for this but i'm being assaulted at work you're fine this has to be
this has to be illegal right this is terrible management i'm telling you i got assaulted at work
uh let me put it like that i'll see you guys later i'll deal with this
don't let's make noises at me i won't get lost i'll do a secret stream all day you won't
we're done right now i'll tell you when i i'll tell you that i'm done you sound like munch i
you sound like munch