I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Six, five, four...
Oh everyone.
Ooh I'm wearing the wrong headphones.
Got my DJ music headphones on.
That won't do.
How's everybody doing?
It's Monday.
Oh my god.
We're back at it.
We never stopped.
It's good to see everybody.
We got sinister dev MSG propaganda.
Mr. Smith.
Commander Geb.
Greg to you, funnel web live and sleaze the master mod doctor.
Cool.
Good to see you, John Michael.
Apple to Apple.
Greg to you, Citrix Bundlesprout Mighty Oz.
Others, storm burn.
Oh my god, what a day.
What a day.
Papito, you okay?
Why wouldn't I be?
Who's...
What?
I'm just saying hi.
Don't inquire about my mental state to say hello.
I thought that was pretty normal to do.
Not when you're talking to a dog.
Yeah that's broadly true.
What a day indeed.
It's another day.
Another day, another Monday.
I can't think of anything abnormal going on.
I mean everything's...
Based on how you talk, everything's always crazy all the time.
You're like, everything's crazy all the time.
I expect that case.
I'm losing my mind 24 seven.
So much so that insanity.
Insanity, you know what I mean?
Do you know what you mean?
No.
I don't know.
I'm just trying to say stuff that maybe you could put on a t-shirt.
That's too much stuff to put on a t-shirt.
No it's all text.
Take everything I've said from the start of the stream and put it on a t-shirt.
But a lot of it was totally rambling.
I don't care.
Tell plug sub-goal.
Wait what does that mean?
Tail plug.
Does Papito have a tail?
We've never seen anything.
Papito?
That doesn't answer it.
I'm not gonna give that kind of information away.
Maybe I've got a tail.
I'll never...
Tell...
T-E-L-L.
You can spell?
No.
Oh.
I don't know what the plug part is.
Oh.
I just put it together.
What'd you put together?
Hey I wasn't thinking in that direction.
But I got...
My brain got there eventually.
And I didn't...
I don't want to do that sub-goal.
I'm gonna make it.
Please no, I'm not gonna do it.
I don't know what it is but it sounds fine to me.
Papito, don't do it.
It's also unclear who would be doing it.
If someone in chat wants to do it.
I'm not doing that as a sub-goal.
You're gonna make someone in chat do a tail plug as a sub-goal?
I'm just saying, you know, set your own sub-goal.
If you want to plug yourself, feel free.
I'll have no part in it, thank you.
You're already talking about it too much.
You're part of this now.
Oh man.
He doesn't want to do the sub-goal.
He needs to do that sub-goal.
I don't...
I need to?
There's wants and there's needs.
I believe in the hierarchy of wants though.
People want things in a hierarchy too.
Sure.
You'll volunteer.
We've got to volunteer.
I still don't know what it is.
Ooh.
I'm not gonna tell you, Papito.
Alright, we're in.
We got segments to do.
We got leftover segments to do.
And we have to check in with the news.
To pay off the graphic down here.
We can't just not do the news when we got this graphic right here.
We got one of those chest-cheating butt plugs and incorporated into the stream somehow with streamer bot.
I bet you could.
I bet I could make...
Wait a minute.
Isn't that just a thing that various sex workers do?
They use the remote-controlled thing?
I think the cheating butt plug was just like one of those partner butt plugs that people use.
That you can vibrate secretly while they're doing an important business meeting or whatever.
However that's supposed to work.
Marfus or Darfus?
Put it in chat.
He tries to accurately...
We vibrate it when he's not accurately breaking down the news.
So I guess he'd be getting it kind of the whole time.
I'm not telling you, Papito.
We are going to therapy today with Marfus or Darfus.
We also are gonna get Ravi Lubb's take on butt plugs and tail plugs.
He seems like he would be an expert on this.
Excited to talk about that with Ravi Lubb.
I also have to check in with Rob Alvy at some point today.
So that's just a thing I've got to do.
I take no pleasure in it.
Like a tail plug?
Like a tail plug.
I take zero pleasure in checking in with Rob Alvy.
If there's a more appropriate person that needs therapy they can go.
Now I refuse.
I'm one of those guys that's against therapy.
I'm one of those guys that women hate.
Well, that's just a truism. You could say that after anything case.
Oh. Oh yeah.
Thank you so much Matt Liddell for the 34 months.
And thank you Greg T.U. for the 24 months.
Truly insane that we've been doing this for this long.
Well the news never stopped doing it.
That's true.
I'm compared to the stretch of news.
I've been doing this for a drought.
Compared to the scope of cosmic news.
Did you know that if you think about all the news out there.
Your news is really just like the size of a single grain of sand.
Yeah, that's true.
With all the news.
The news that we cover is only but a,
but the atom at the tip of a grass.
In a field of news.
Mm-hmm.
It's truly inspirational stuff.
Let's check in with just a little bit of it though.
It's news time.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Okay.
Great news.
Talking all about news.
It's your favorite news guy.
Is that?
Why do you say that every time?
To antagonize you.
This is what I'm here to do.
Trying to drive you slightly crazier.
Good luck.
I'm already maxed out, man.
I'm craziness.
I don't like the way you said that at all.
Stop talking like this.
You have this nice, says get out of here, Rick.
Yeah, but he means that like in the get out of here.
With your bad self.
Your favorite news guy. Yeah, you aren't Justin Juice Power.
Does he even ever do the news?
I, uh,
I just can't see his, he's got like, um,
I need to wear glasses in order to see his face.
Because he radiates a UV spectrum.
I have to wear special UV glasses when it re-shows up and I have to find him.
Fuck off, Rick.
You are a parasite.
Are you saying that about yourself?
No propaganda said that.
And I'm just showing that, uh, through my intense special forces training.
You're going to claim to have that?
I audited a special forces training session.
And through that training, I can endure any amount of psychological peril.
And any mean thing you can say to me, I can just read.
And I don't even care.
I don't believe you. I think that even reading that bothered you.
Nope. I look out one affectionate.
Rock solid.
Rock solid, Rick.
How about that? How will we start calling you that?
I'm going to start calling myself that.
Did Justin Juice Power's appear on the final episode of AOTS?
Depends what you're calling.
Whatever.
That was.
But maybe. Yeah, well, how would you put a plug in it?
How about that? I can make that the sub goal.
We plug up Rick.
Rick, I can't handle a little plugging.
You think I haven't been suspended from above a pit of alligators?
Via a tail?
And that I had to keep myself from falling in purely by clenching?
Yeah, I didn't think that was a thing, Rick.
And it wasn't. That's a story I just made up.
But I could do that.
It's kind of specific.
Some supervillain suspended you against above a pit of alligators?
With a tail plug?
They thought I was done for.
Allegedly.
You're the one saying it's not allegedly if you're saying it about it happening to you.
This seems like as good of a time as I need to get into the news about...
Israel and Gaza.
Ah.
Let's do this. It's news time.
Peace.
They said it couldn't be done in the Middle East.
Well, look at these two beasts.
Dropping those peace beats. How's that?
Terrible, Rick.
Awful job. Just read the headline.
Trump declares end of Gaza war as last Israeli hostages swapped for Palestinian detainees.
And I love that wordplay.
It's on level with my wordplay.
Detainees vs. Hostages.
I don't know why. Well, I mean I do know why.
It's just fascinating that these news websites...
that can't help but cook the headline, you could just say hostages swapped.
Israeli and Palestinian hostages swapped.
Well, the other ones were being legally detained.
And what's the difference in legality there?
Um, we said so. We said one is a legal detainment and the other one isn't.
And that is what law is, case. It's what we say it is.
Sorry.
Trump said today the... is reliving sleazy.
Trump said today with other world leaders around him,
let's be real, I'm the only guy that matters.
Let's check in with some of... you know, let's give us a little bit of the news here from Reuters, Rick.
And then we'll get into some of these Trump speech clips.
He was... he was out there saying stuff.
That's what he does. He's one of the best in the world at saying stuff.
I do disagree. I disagree, Rick, but a lot of people disagree with me, so...
Hmm. Who's right, case? Or everyone else?
I don't think everyone thinks he's one of the greatest talkers of all time.
It's him followed by, um...
The Miz.
The Miz? Yeah, the greatest talkers of all time are...
Trump followed by the Miz.
I don't make the rules. You just said you did! You always waffle on this!
Hamas freed the last living Israeli hostages from Gaza on Monday.
We can't transition like this all the time. Too late.
Hamas freed the last living Israeli hostages from Gaza on Monday under a ceasefire deal,
and Israel sent home busloads of Palestinian detainees. They did it again.
It's just so wild. Reuters is of course supposed to be a...
nonpartisan, just-the-facts kind of news outlet, but...
man. They love to use their buzzwords.
It's like he turned his dreams into reality.
The Miz? Samoa Joe?
We'll never know. Or Trump.
Anyway, all of those completely innocent hostages were released,
and all of the evil Palestinian detainees were unfortunately also released.
Rick, that is... you can't just say that.
Well, I'm just filling in the gaps for Reuters here with what they're going for.
U.S. President Donald Trump declared the end of the two-year-long war
that has upended the border of the broader Middle East.
Hours later, Trump convened Muslim and European leaders in Egypt
to discuss the future of the Gaza Strip,
and the possibility of a wider regional peace,
even as Hamas and Israel, both absent from the gathering,
are yet to agree on the next steps.
The Reuters... I'll just read the ad. Damn it.
The Israeli military said it had received all 20 hostages
confirmed to be alive after their transfer from Gaza by the Red Cross.
The announcement prompted cheering, hugging, and weeping
among the thousands waiting at Hostage Square in Tel Aviv.
In Gaza, thousands of relatives, many weeping with joy,
gathered at a hospital where buses brought home some of the nearly 2,000
Palestinian... prisoners? Hey, they said prisoners.
Does that make you feel better, Kay?
Sure. Palestinian prisoners and detainees to be freed by Israel
as part of the Accord. The skies are calm, the guns are silent,
the sirens are still, and the sun rises on a holy land
that is finally at peace.
Trump told the Knesset, Israel's parliament,
saying a long nightmare for both Israelis and Palestinians was over.
We caught and compromised war itself once again.
Peace. Back in the Middle East.
He's done it twice now. He's two for two.
The first time it clearly didn't last, Rick.
Yeah, but this time, it's 100% of the time.
To quote a certain movie, 70% of the time, the genocide stopped.
100% of the time?
No, that's not... no, Rick. It's not a fun reference, Rick.
Trump is greater than the Miz in WWE exploits.
They have both done matches at WrestleMania.
You could argue that Trump's big match at WrestleMania was more impactful,
and he took the stunner potentially better.
What did Miz take as stunner? Miz has definitely taken some stunner.
You thought it was Jared last time? Jared Kushner?
Jared Kushner was involved this time as well, and also taking credit for this.
You'd rather debate the... the propaganda says I'd rather debate the merits of Miz's career
than talk about how Trump wants to be a Nobel Prize Peace winner.
He certainly does. And you know, he might not have gotten the Peace Prize.
Ooh, but look at this beautiful time cover he's getting.
His triumph.
Glad that time is learning the lessons that we all should.
When you think about the untold slaughter of thousands in Gaza,
this is the image that Time wants to leave you with.
And I think that's very appropriate, actually, because he's the one
who stopped it basically in 24 hours times 300.
What was that last part?
24 hours times 300.
All I can think of is Kushner's speech that says... sorry, Senator Dev says,
all I can think of is Kushner's speech that he made that night
and how I suddenly want to go puke.
Yes, all the ghouls are climbing out of their holes to make speeches
in Israel right now in front of adoring crowds as they take credit
for both the incredible morality of the Israeli government
and their own personal involvement in this now permanent and lasting peace
that has barely been maintaining over the course of, you know, a weekend.
If you flip the image upside down, it looks like a testicle escaped the shorts,
says Skymer.
They must be talking about a different image, because I don't see that at all here.
You don't see the low-angle shot of his turkey gobbler neck.
They essentially gave us an upskirt shot of Trump's neck
and this his triumph photo.
I think he looks like a majestic non-gobbler having bird.
And it doesn't look like he's got a big fat pussy for a neck.
Well, I did not say that, Rick.
Yeah, but you're thinking it.
Oh, you're thinking, oh, it's hilarious in this triumphant photo
that it looks like he's got a fat stankin' pussy for a neck?
Stop saying it like that, Jesus.
That's what you think is so funny that our president has a seeping fat,
stank-wet pussy for a neck?
I don't need to hear this for good, Rick.
Well, then stop thinking it.
Stop invading my mind.
Rick's waiting you over.
It's because I'm telling it like it is.
Like it's not.
He doesn't look like that.
He looks good.
Everybody's neck does this if you wear, if you button the top button.
That's why, you know, you told me I can't button the top button case,
because you want to look like a cool guy.
That's because this shirt is just too small.
I got too thick of a neck.
You think if we buttoned this, we'd get the fat pussy neck?
Yeah, you get a big, wet stankin' the pussy.
Check this out.
You think I won't get one?
All the biggest power brokers get a big fat stankin'.
Okay, well, you're not getting me from a low enough angle.
Turn it.
Come on.
Come on.
Where's my neck pussy, please?
I don't have a neck pussy.
I'm gonna get one.
I need to work out my neck more.
You think working out your neck will give you a neck pussy?
Yes.
Like the president.
Your neck pussy looks incredible, sir.
You just said he doesn't have one.
Well, if he did, it would be the tightest around.
We need to stop talking about it.
We're in the middle of talking about war, Rick.
Neck pussy's the new genital slit.
That's the power of Trump.
He makes everything pop off and pop out.
This is the worst coverage we've ever offered of any subject.
Hmm.
Well, if you're not that good at talking, K, so let's check in with the number one talker right ahead of the Miz,
President Donald Trump just going off at his triumphant peace rally.
Where was this?
Did he was he in Israel?
I should know this.
Seeing as I've already seen 40 clips of this.
Is he in Israel right now?
Or is this was this here?
Um, he's in Egypt.
Okay.
He's in Egypt.
So this is from Egypt and they got the full Avengers squad assembled.
The new stories making me miss our penis and peace stories.
We can all make it that together.
And through the leadership of our president, which we will now observe in all of its glory.
United Kingdom.
Where's United Kingdom?
Where's our friend?
We're going to graciously including everyone.
These people all came in like 20, 20 minute notice.
And I think it's fantastic.
And we have so many others and just so many others.
United Kingdom.
Wow.
That was gracious.
You're giggling like a fucking schoolgirl.
Well, now who's being reductive?
Um, that's wild.
I just want who's is a is Martin Scrooge.
We like at the Oscars like as Martin Scorsese.
You're come on up here.
Come up here.
Okay.
Thanks.
Well, look, he recognized him.
He basically just said stand here.
Now leave.
I mean, I don't feel bad for Kier Starmor, but that's impressive.
All right.
What else has he got for us?
We're understood it until I got there.
There was a lot of pressure put on these presidents.
It was put on me too, but I didn't yield to the pressure.
But every president for decades said we're going to do it.
The difference is I kept my promise and officially recognized the capital of
Israel and move the American embassy to Jerusalem.
I do that.
All these guys.
Is it that right Miriam?
Look at Miriam.
Wow.
Thinking Miriam at Adelson.
The heir to the Sheldon Adelson fortune who has contributed a metric
ton of blood money to Trump at various points throughout his political
career.
Just shouting it out directly.
I mean, he why wouldn't he?
I guess he could just completely get away with it.
Stand up.
Stand up.
Stands almost as tall as all the money bags he's dropped at my front door.
Miriam and Sheldon would come into the office.
They'd call me.
It'd call me.
I think they had more trips to the White House than anybody else I could think of.
Look at her sitting there so innocently.
What?
60 billion in the bag.
60 billion.
And she loves, and she loves.
I think she's saying no more.
And she loves Israel, but she loves it and they would come in and her husband was a
very aggressive man, but I loved him.
He was a very aggressive, very supportive of me.
And we'd pull up.
Can I come over and see you?
I say Sheldon, I'm the president of the United States.
It doesn't work that way.
He'd come in.
Oh, he'd come anyway.
Oh, that's interesting.
They were very responsible for so much, including getting me thinking about
Golan Heights, which is probably one of the greatest things to ever happen.
He's just thinking of friend.
He just admitted this lady in the audience has 60 billion dollars.
Her dad was really pushy.
He used to walk into my office even when I'd tell him not to.
Anyway, they supported me a lot.
They got me to think about the Golan Heights.
He's just openly saying that he's got friends.
He's just openly saying that these people are paying me off.
I mean, of course he is.
It's not like it's an open secret.
It's just open.
But damn, I guess people just do not give a fuck.
They just don't give a fuck.
Or they're just like, yep, get that bag, Trump.
They're giving him like the, you know, Riyadh comedy festival defense.
Get that bag, man.
Do what you got to do.
Yes, as open as his gaping neck.
Anyway, I guess he says more here.
Let's finish it off.
Standing O for that.
Standing Ovation for being like this rich lady in the crowd,
giving me a lot of money as much as I've ever wanted.
And she really made me do all this.
It's the money that made me do all this.
Standing Ovation.
Miriam, stand up, please.
She really is.
I mean, she loves this country.
Yeah, neck O.
Hit the neck spot.
She loves this country.
Her and her husband are so incredible.
We miss him so dearly.
But I actually asked her, I'm going to get her in trouble with this,
but I actually asked her once, I said, so Miriam,
I know you love Israel.
What do you love more?
The United States or Israel?
She refused to answer.
That means, that might mean Israel.
I'll just say, we love you.
Thank you, darling, for being here.
That's a great honor.
This American billionaire, $60 million,
has contributed untold amounts to my campaign,
as did her father.
And I'm openly admitting that she made me care about key aspects of this conflict.
And when I asked her which country this American citizen who donates all this money to me likes more,
she said Israel, essentially,
is what he just said.
More or less through his winding and insane way of talking,
what he went with in that moment.
Yeah, but here's what you're not getting, Case.
We win.
Say whatever we want.
Get fucked.
Open up your own neck, pussy, and finger it until you're dead.
We don't care.
Oh my God, look, I don't have to pretend.
We don't have to pretend.
Fuck all of you.
Anyone who could change this doesn't give a shit,
and you can't change anything.
So just, you know, finger that neck pussy, baby.
Sit on it.
And by sit on it, I mean sit on my fingers with your neck.
Rick, what are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna gloat.
I'm currently gloating.
How is this?
Your win, because I've decided which team I'm on.
So I get to take all the wins.
I'm on the winning team, Case.
I am wild, and I'm feeling myself.
We ended war today.
No, you didn't.
Yeah, we're saying we did.
Get Crumb to kick Rick's ass.
You're scared of that?
Um, look, we don't need to get Crumb involved in this.
How are you scared of Crumb kicking your ass?
I saw him lift my car above his head the other day.
He said that he dropped his wallet under it.
What?
Yeah, he was looking for his wallet and he lifted my car above his head.
And um, and then the asphalt under him started
liquidating from the heat being produced by his feet.
So, and he didn't even seem to notice.
So anyway, let's just not get him involved in this.
You know, maybe I should call Crumb in here then.
None of the others.
No need for that.
Hey, Kendall's here.
Shit, who's that walking over here?
Kendall fucking Linus.
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in candle.
Got a vibe so wild that she's raised male.
This is a Chris team by a sexist party.
Kendall's a bus with a sudden view.
Attitude popping, always popping off.
Say the wrong things.
She's gonna pop like a car full of queen tracks.
She's doing it.
She's doing it.
She can't do it for more than two seconds
without getting embarrassed.
I don't understand this.
You were doing it.
You're doing it more or less.
You just got to feel the confidence.
It doesn't feel like it.
Kendall, when you see this picture.
I lost it.
When you see this picture, what do you see?
Now, geese.
When you see this picture, what immediately stands out to you?
There's so many things that stand out to me.
Maybe the first thing I saw was the baldness.
The baldness?
Maybe the second thing I saw was this like,
I don't know, this turkey neck.
Okay, it was the neck, yeah.
It's a strange celebratory photo
for Time to Post for sure.
It looks so bad.
It's a rough picture for sure.
It's not.
He took his skin, right?
It's like when you take your shirt and you tuck it into your pants.
You take your oversized shirt and tuck it into your pants.
That's what that looks like to me.
Yeah, it's bad.
Well, if they're going to do full propaganda for him,
I guess at least they're getting in the subtle jab of the folds of his neck.
Also, it's like they didn't flatten it out, you know?
They're just like, put the folds in there.
Yeah, and they really, you're right.
The hair is thin on a level that is just so crazy.
It's thin on a level where he's definitely bald.
Well, yeah, wait.
No, I mean, you can visualize him bald even more clearly now.
Yeah, the hair is impossibly thin.
It's like a phantom hair.
I think any photos from the front would just show how ill he's becoming, I think.
This is the best they can do now?
I think this is the best they can do because it's like...
They can't move the camera up and they're like, no, no, no, no, no, back down, back down.
From like a lower angle, right?
Yeah.
From a lower angle, you can see like probably the sunken eyes.
You can probably see the discoloration.
You can probably see like the frown line really frowning.
And then you can see like the crown of his head and the baldness from there.
Yeah.
But from this angle, you still see plump skin.
There's still some movement there.
There's a little bit of humanity left.
But from the back, it's all tentacles, so there's nothing to do there.
From this angle, you don't see the gauntness because you just see his neck.
Oh God, what if what's happening to his hand happens to his neck?
That will be so visually disturbing to look at.
No, there's still people like...
Be like a 17th century brothel dumpster.
So that's when so many people that have like no necks based off of their skin and fat.
And lack of, I guess, bones?
Yeah.
Is this what Ozempic does to your neck or was his neck just...
Like this?
No, this is just what happens when you have overly saggy skin.
An excess amount of skin that's no longer taut.
Tight and taut.
I don't know, I think this neck's looking kind of tight.
It's kind of tight because they shoved it all into like a collared shirt.
Yeah.
Just doing this to it.
Ladies pro tip.
If you want it to feel snatched, put a collared shirt around it.
Trimmed his nose hairs for this or they Photoshopped them out.
Yeah, I don't know if he trimmed his nose hairs.
Oh, yeah, maybe they did Photoshop, but I mean they're doing like...
But then why didn't they do something with the neck?
I guess he can't.
People would be like, where's that neck pussy if you didn't do something with it.
Where does that neck come from, yeah.
Where that neck though?
I don't know why he doesn't...
I don't know why he doesn't do all those surgeries like all other rich people.
Well, it's part of his brand now.
It's like how he seemed to almost want his hair to look like an insane comb over.
Maybe now the neck's just part of it.
It's part of that Trump brand.
I just think if you get a photo from the front, you can probably see how actually old he's coming.
You can see in this photo, but...
That is a disturbing thought if this is like...
This is post Photoshop.
This is like...
This is post Photoshop.
Well, I mean like they really went to work on the neck and this is the best they could get it.
Yeah, because it has to still be natural, you know.
They just did that Gaussian blur shit.
Damn.
4K please.
4K please.
Wait, did you need something?
No, I'm bored.
Kendall's bored.
I don't want to work anymore.
Kendall's bored and she doesn't want to work anymore.
Wait, we gotta finish the wall today.
I'm tired.
She's tired and she doesn't want to...
She doesn't want to work.
I think that's... I relate.
We all relate.
We're all done working.
We've done almost no work, Rick.
What do you mean? I've been doing the important news commentary.
Yelling about fucking your neck.
It's my important contribution to the national conversation.
Thanks, Rick. You've really been helping us out with all these contributions.
Okay, let's check out one more.
What else does he have for us?
This is the last clip I think I can tolerate of Trump.
These are all just some Twitter clips of this barn burner of a speech he was giving.
The final sprint to this deal be...
Kendall, just let me know she's working on the wall.
Anyway, let's restart.
The final sprint to this deal began less than three weeks ago
on the sidelines of the United Nations in New York.
I met with many of the people in this room
and it all just started coming together.
I've known so many of you for so long.
Your friends are mine.
That's how he always stands.
I don't know why.
I won't tell you who.
I have actually a few of them I don't like at all.
But you'll never find out who they are.
Maybe you will come to think of it.
The final sprint to this deal began less than three weeks ago
on the sidelines of the United Nations in New York.
I met with...
The way he talks, I just don't...
I've been like, you know, there's a lot of people I hate.
I'll never tell you who.
I'll tell you who.
Won't tell you their names.
It's Keir Starmer.
He's right behind me and I don't like him.
You didn't hear any of it?
Yeah, I mean, I think it's a good defense mechanism
if your brain's just like, eww.
You just immediately start thinking of
whatever game or show you're watching
as soon as he starts talking.
May as well.
You'll get about the same information
completely shutting your brain off listening to him.
That is true.
Where is Kick It to the Streets?
You miss...
Trip.
I think...
Let's see, I have to turn the segments on
to see if it's malfunctioning.
But I think you can still request it.
Did the streets break?
No, it's still there.
It's still an option.
It just did, it's just, you know,
it's amongst... there's so many
segment request options now.
Well, there we go.
The proof is right there, everyone.
Yeah, that's bad.
So every... whenever a segment request
gets redeemed, it turns all the other ones off
for, I think, 15 minutes is what I have it set to.
And then there's supposed to only be a maximum
of like three or four segments you can request.
A stream.
Although that doesn't include debates for some reason
and it doesn't include expert requests
for each of their own separate per stream redemption.
You just accused the president of rambling, Case?
Hey, everything I said there was completely accurate.
Just sort of boring.
You should try what the president does.
Be, uh, totally loose with it
and really entertaining.
I think he's just rambling and boring.
He's just saying nonsense and being boring.
You're not entertained? Are we not entertained?
You know, I guess I hope we're at least
getting some entertainment out of it.
Anyway, I'm glad the hostages were released
and the Palestinian prisoners
or if you want to call them hostages,
I don't see why not.
I'm glad they were released as well.
That's positive. I hope...
There's a...
I hope the killing stops in Israel
and Gaza, Palestine.
I hope this holds.
It does seem like it's put the Palestinians
in a position of very little leverage.
And I have zero faith in America or Israel
not going for further...
Hmm...
I guess just acquisitions you could call them.
You know, I think a big game here
is just complete control over that space
and I just don't know why they would stop.
Maybe Trump actually is interested in them stopping
because he feels like it's too politically damaging,
but given everything else that he's doing,
that is insanely politically damaging,
probably more politically damaging than anything to do with Palestine,
he's completely tanking the U.S. economy,
which we can talk about later
in maybe news segment number two.
But some of those chickens seem to be coming home to roost.
So I don't know if he gives a fuck
about the political consequences of what he's doing,
which is worrisome because then I don't think
he would care about Israel just essentially
taking complete control of Gaza
without whatever the human toll might be.
I hope that's wrong.
I hope this is just an actual peace deal that holds
and there's Palestinian self-governance.
It feels like a stretch.
It feels like a stretch that that's how this will end.
And there have still been bombings and killings
in the period since.
This peace deal has been approved by both sides.
So we'll see. Israel's track record of
maintaining these ceasefires is...
it's negative.
It's been negative one day since their last work accident.
And that's a running total for the last two years.
So we shall see.
But for now, I guess that's all the news we can stomach
for the moment.
Well, you can't handle me talking about that neck pussy anymore.
I just really don't want to hear you say that word anymore, Rick.
That's true.
I don't even have to hear you say that anymore.
Look, check out that subhead line here.
That's the news scroll, Rick.
Yeah, but I'm just saying.
All my neck, all my fat neck pussy talk is a hit.
A hit with who?
It's a... I'm popping off.
I might release an album called this.
I'm gonna call it the end spot.
That sucks.
It's like neck.
The neck spot?
Deep in the neck?
The new necking?
Orange neck pussy?
This is pro-Trump.
I'm gonna release a pro-Trump comedy album
where I just do a one-hour rant
sort of catchphrase style about Trump's neck pussy.
I'm gonna say it all in real Southern kind of
drawly ways.
Neck pussy.
Gaping neck job.
That's a great title for my forthcoming hour-long comedy album.
Rick, you're cut off.
You're cut off for the day.
I'm being silenced and I'm being censored.
No, you're just being annoying. Let's stop.
Let's just stop, Rick.
We've got more segments to do.
Okay, but I'm glad that I did such a good job.
And I'm glad that all of you are here for it.
To celebrate our incredible forays into everlasting peace, courtesy of our
dear, sweet, times man of the cover year.
I wasn't even mad at a year.
Yeah, but it's his triumph.
It's his triumph and we're just living in it,
and we'll news you soon. Bye-bye everybody.
I lost my dang sunglasses again.
I can't find these fuckers anywhere.
It's ridiculous. I gotta borrow these DJ music sunglasses.
I do not feel like an operator right now.
I feel like I'm on spring break.
But I do need, you know, I got a condition where
my vision is so, I got like 40-20 vision
and I essentially have like predator vision at night
because I stay so alert so I have to wear sunglasses inside.
Do I look like a party guy?
Well, that's too bad because what we're talking about today is
deadly serious, I'm assuming, I don't actually know.
It looks like there was a request from me, but it just says
dealer's choice.
So if anybody has any conspiracies that are just burning a hole
in their pocket, let me know because I'll get into it.
Maybe we should do a spring break conspiracy.
That way, that makes these sunglasses contextually appropriate.
Maybe spring break has been a conspiracy this whole time.
Spring break conspiracy.
All of these are old as hell.
Miami's spring break problem.
All of these are seven years old.
I was going to type in party conspiracy.
Don't get you started on conspiracies.
I can't help but get started on conspiracies.
The pizza gate conspiracy, how's that a party?
Oh wait, this is the rod of a bunch of PDD stuff.
How about if I type in Florida party conspiracy?
Maybe that'll get me there.
I need at least something from the last year.
I need up to the minute party conspiracy videos.
That's just not an option.
This is ridiculous.
The lemon party conspiracy?
I could pull up something for sure.
Lemon party tales from the internet from Wang from three years ago.
All of this is too gross for even, what the hell?
This came up when I searched that.
It's pretty painful to listen to though.
Oh never mind, it kind of slaps.
Oh shit.
Whoa, baby now are they all drinking piss?
Whoa, what happened?
Things took an unexpected turn there.
I honestly didn't think it was going to come all about six.
It's that quickly.
I guess I did search lemon party.
That's probably on me.
That was from straight people sucks 66 with 274K views.
So I don't even need my plug.
They're killing it with that video.
Miami party conspiracy.
Maybe that'll get us somewhere.
Nope, all that sucks.
Kool-Aid conspiracy.
Could that be something?
Well that leads to a bunch of cult videos about people poisoning themselves for some crazy reason.
But it also does have these really old Kool-Aid commercials.
Maybe that counts as a conspiracy because it's old.
Do old things just count as a conspiracy?
Uh, oh here we go.
Howdy, it's gay.
It's still going?
Oh, full court.
How is the envelope going to say a whistle?
Make sure the envelope says, that doesn't make any fucking sense.
Maybe this is a conspiracy because they're trying to infiltrate my mind with impossibilities like whistling on a product box.
Badazzle.tv presents.
Oh this is we're into the 60s now.
What's up Mike?
Oh, they're not anything up, Bugs.
Nobody here but us monkeys.
So let's make some friends.
Hey, let's make some Kool-Aid.
Oh it's the monkeys.
I think it's fucked up people say these guys are sellouts. I think they just like Kool-Aid.
Crazy thirsty. Have a glass of Kool-Aid.
Okay.
I'll take your word for it.
You can always do it with another friend.
Whoa, wait, what was that? What was that at the end there?
What was that last part?
I was just sort of chilling out with this easy monkey stuff, monkeys rocking in.
This guy showed up. Who's this guy?
Was he kind of doing a little bit of a Native American kind of thing there? Is that what that was?
What the heck?
It's hard to tell. It's very grainy footage. He's like the staff's watch.
It's difficult to see.
Do red face?
Kool-Aid man naturally has a red face.
So he's allowed to do it. He was born that way.
Red and with a deep hatred of walls.
Okay.
I don't even dare go to the 70s and 80s and 90s.
I can't even... It's just too sad to see America devolve out of its golden era of 50s and 60s commercials.
Do grunge face to the next ad? I refuse to repeat cases errors.
Ever red face picks at the grunge?
That face is too easily pitched in various color directions.
Okay. Last thing I will type is high fructose conspiracy.
This is from 16 years ago.
And it's from CBN.com.
The mystery of high fructose corn syrup from CNN.
This is a 2010 report from CNN on high fructose corn syrup.
I think this information could still be valid though. Sometimes you have to go to
Uncontemporary sources to uncover the deepest truths. Let's see what CNN was filling our heads with in 2010 on YouTube.
What's that?
What's that?
It's in pancake syrup, cookies, ketchup, jelly, even cereal and soup.
Tomato soup, high fructose syrup.
Even soup?
Yep. So there you go. And some people think, oh tomato, it's a vegetable.
I'm giving my child, you know, a vegetable serving.
Each year, Americans consume a really good tomato.
It just tastes like sugar because it's a really good tomato.
But not Jessica Haney. This mother of two and the voice behind a blog called
Crunchy Chewy Mama has cut the corn base sweetener out of her family's diet.
It's not just squeezing out the corn and getting the sugar or something.
It's not that you're eating corn. It's not a vegetable.
It's a highly industrialized product that has been shown to do lots of
yucky things in your body and we just don't need it.
That's unfair. Say what you will about corn syrup.
But it is 100% just squeezing corn.
Sure, there's a couple extra steps. It's a very industrial advanced version of squeezing corn.
But can we be a little rational and admit that, you know, basically though you are, you're squeezing corn.
It's like squeezing cold. Sometimes you get a diamond out of it.
Sometimes you get 38 pounds of sugar that you directly feed into your child's bloodstream annually.
It's the price you had her shoes on me too, Mr. Whoopee Boo Boo.
Because let's be real, they're kind of earthy type that hates corn syrup.
You can't trust them. It's un-American.
It's wild to me that most things in America are sweetened with corn syrup and not sugar like the less of the world.
The rest of the world. Yeah, because we do things our own way here actually.
The bounty of the earth that was bestowed upon us of sweet, sweet corn.
We took that bounty and we said put it here and then slowly expand here until it's out to here
so I can fit even more corn in myself.
Crunchy moms give the rest of us, pepies, a bad name.
Go to the store with a swaddled baby. You can't be trusted in this country.
Let's be real about it. Swaddling a baby with your little neck.
I don't even know what it's called because I don't trust it.
Look, I'm not good with dealer's choice conspiracies.
I do need to, I'm like a bloodhound.
I need to be given a smell and I need to go in that direction.
But it's actually why case has informed me, despite the title of this show,
that he's going to be updating this segment to be a call in segment essentially.
But we're a voicemail segment. He said he needs to look into how annoying it is to make it a call in segment.
Because I guess he doesn't trust me to be on my own.
But anyway, that's coming down the line.
Well, he'll let you know when it's ready, but we're going.
He's apparently trying to update every segment to be different or some shit.
Pleasant on calling and me calling. You're calling me.
I'm the one with the tie on and the special black tactical jacket.
Okay, but for now, that is all the time we have.
I'm saying if this segment seems pointless, uh-uh, it's evolving.
Unlike humans, I don't believe we evolved, but this segment is, okay?
So someday you'll be able to like call me and agree with me on all my cool opinions.
Until then, I will be here. I will be seizing the truth and I will be encouraging case.
Just figure out how the call thing works.
More quickly, please. Do it quicker, more quickly, please.
See you soon. Bye-bye.
Hey, I'm done pulling punches with you, munch. I ain't pulling no punches.
I don't like the way you're talking.
Look, I've been kind of peeling myself lately.
Is that a sin?
Why am I hearing all these rumors about you causing property damage?
I've been, um, you know, I'm hitting a growth spurt.
What? I think I'm just hitting a late in life growth spurt. It's not impossible.
Uh, functionally, I believe that's impossible, Crum. Especially for you, a mere mortal.
There you know, that's what you say. And, uh, I guess what I say to that is, I don't fucking care.
Anybody got any sunglasses I can wear? No, I'm not giving you sunglasses.
I don't even need them, whatever.
Future so bright, I can stare directly at the sun. I don't need shades.
Can you not try to mess with sayings? You're not good at it.
Yeah, you're just going through puberty again.
Well, I have been growing and shedding hair and alarming great, but not on my head.
Really only around my genitals, like a full merkin of impossibly brittle and bristly hair.
Brittle? Well, it cracks like a shale stone, but it's sharp.
Bristly on a level that's dangerous. Okay.
We don't need to know about this. But look, I'm just saying.
This is Hellcrumb coming out. You've got to banish Hellcrumb from your ecosystem, your internal ecosystem.
I don't even know what you're talking about. I'm this shame old motherfucking crumb.
You know, Curse, I'm the one who says fuck every sentence. We can't both be doing that. That's my thing.
Please shave. Good luck. I need, like, a archeologist to go down there and shave these.
You're telling, don't look that way. You're telling me that when you have to pee, they feel it in their penis and not their stomach.
Are you asking if men, when they have to pee, feel it in their penis?
Do you feel like the sensation of pee, like, when you have to go really bad there and not, like, in your bladder?
I think you can kind of feel it in both. I think, fellas, I feel it kind of in my back, actually.
No, okay. Look, I feel it a little bit. Men feel it in the head of their penis.
That's what I'm asking. Are you?
We feel it beyond the tip of our penis, actually. We feel it in the space where we wish our urine to go.
I mean, serious, though. Do you feel it?
Yeah, you feel it in both. You feel it, like, in the shaft or whatever, like, you're waiting?
Yeah, a little bit.
What?
Yeah, like, a tender rod of warning.
Holy shit, that's crazy!
I feel a lot of things in my penis. But, Crum, we don't need to know about this.
In the neck? Yeah, do you feel it in the... I wonder if Trump feels it in the neck, actually.
Kendall still wants to hold cases. Okay, I'm not going to read that.
I'll read it properly, and I don't kind of, I don't really care right now.
Can you stop with this attitude?
Wait. Goodbye.
She's out of here. She got the information she needed.
I feel it in my cock.
Stop talking like this.
What, you're trying to censor me with your little spindly ass? You want to arm wrestle?
What are you doing? What is this?
Do we smoke in here? Oh, my God. I just feel like maybe I should smoke in here.
Because I'm already smoking this fool.
This is not confidence. This is desperation. Just...
Is this a midlife crisis?
I know what it is. You need to consult an exorcist, okay?
You brought some hell-crumb with you.
And spoiler alert, hell-crumb sucks, too.
I'll beat him one shot as a boss, okay?
What are you talking about? Just saying.
Hell-crumb's going to come popping out of you, and then I'm going to have to deal with hell-crumb,
which I've already done once.
This crumb is even worse? Exactly. Hell-crumb is worse.
I didn't think it was possible until I met hell-crumb,
but he's even more annoying than crumb.
I mean, it's kind of like different forms of infinity, I guess, but...
If there's a difference, then there's a difference.
I might have to order some holy water. I don't care about holy water.
I chug that shit. I'll boof it, baby.
Get me a beer pong and let me out of Lucian up the old a-hole.
Oh, my God.
This doesn't mean to stop.
Skolmeet, thank you, by the way, for the six-27 months.
Apologies that you had to subscribe over this even more disturbing version of crumb.
Look, I can't help it if my vibe changes over the years.
Sometimes I get a little smoother and a little nastier.
A little more, uh... What's the word the kids say? Unhingeable.
I can unhinge my jaw. What do the kids say?
Stop saying what do the kids say?
What are we debating anyway?
I got a... I got a book six massages tonight. Six?
Yeah, I got a lot of kinkstore got in my back.
I feel like there's, um, full-on gravel in there.
So, I hope that somebody can kind of get some of those knots out,
because they are as hard as rock and poking through my skin.
Okay, uh, look, we had two debates to do today, annoyingly.
Your fault.
We just didn't do the segment on Friday.
Look, there's two debates. I gotta figure out what they even are.
Three days ago, what was the request?
That's why I have... That's why we have the new debate system down here,
and we can't even do it because of you, Crumb.
What did I do? Look, are you team I want to live forever?
No, that was an old one. It was a different one.
Uh...
Case should be even more shackled to the computer for us. I agree.
Uh, I think all of us are, uh, born to be free and wild,
and that we need not concern ourselves with the pity needs of other men.
That's not a thing you think. Well, that's how I'm feeling right now.
Feeling like I might go buy a Corvette and, uh...
and just go into debt and never pay it.
That's... Okay, that is what you would do, although you would also make a bet about it.
Yeah, maybe I'll drive down to the casino.
Well, you... Crumb, you're gonna get killed again at this rate.
Well, I did fall on a knife the other day, and the knife snapped, so maybe not.
Anyway, I'm on the side of a beefery case.
Hit the road, like a wild man.
Just grab a guitar, um, six gallons of, um, like, uh, nail polish alcohol,
and, uh, get a motorcycle.
Just hit the road, baby.
Guitar, six gallons of nail polish remover that you drink, and hit the road.
And the motorcycle, of course.
You don't even know the brand of... Akawasaki.
Akawasaki motor? That's where you're going?
Yeah, get a Kawasaki anyway.
This is a beat. We have a mod that can make it.
I am on the side of a remain untethered case, and I'm on the side of do your fucking job, case.
You got one job, and that's to make me look good.
This is not about entertaining everyone.
This is about being completely beholden to the man's demands of your star.
All right, and I've been thinking I want more stuff.
I don't even know what.
Make this a bigger room or something, and more lights.
My fireworks, they should have been updated decades ago.
That's right, before the stream was even a thing,
you should have had the prescient knowledge to give me a more impressive fireworks display.
I want more graphics tied specifically to me.
I want the ability to give myself a complete grill.
I want sunglasses that can slide down from the heavens onto my face,
and, uh, I want to be able to talk to, like, six different versions of Papito, what will I?
I want you to make a whole Papito family, like the nutty professor style.
Papito can play them all. I don't care, but I want them to have a mustache version, a monocle version,
and I also want him to have, like, a sexy ladybug's bunny version.
And I don't think any of that's too much to ask, so get to fucking work.
I think, um, do what you will, man. Follow your bliss.
Maybe you want to start wearing scarves, and you want to teach French, um, in Kentucky,
to disadvantage use while just leaving your wife fully and never telling her where you're going,
and, um, and that kind of becomes your thing.
You're a scarved French teacher in Kentucky that teaches disadvantage use,
and that's your bliss, and you just follow that, and you finance it by just, um,
I don't know, robbing TGI Fridays on the way down.
Follow your bliss, is my point. Don't be tethered to anything.
We're meant to be wild and free creatures. We, as, uh, early man,
we were essentially forest wandering nomads, completely vibes based,
and that's when we were strong, so obey your inner beast, okay?
Follow your bliss, even if it's piss.
Why'd you add the last part? I don't know what wronged you.
Is your bliss piss?
Are you planning on running away to Kentucky without telling your wife?
No, no, I'm just saying if that was.
If I did, though, I'd do it.
Look, my bliss happens to be staying with my beautiful wife and raising our kids.
Your kids are fully adult now.
Raising our kids, you know, don't stop being a parent just because your kids are in their 30s,
and that happens to be my kind of devil may care attitude.
Your devil may care attitude is staying with your wife who's cheating on you.
Excuse me?
Sorry, who's cheating on her French classes?
Well, she can't cheat on her French classes. She's an adult.
She's doing some cheating involved with her French classes.
This is just a sentence I'm gonna say and see if that awakens anything in you.
No?
Anyway, your bliss happens to just be doing exactly what you're currently doing.
Yeah, I mean, I've already settled in to kind of my ideal routine.
Like for me being a family man, is me being a wild man actually.
Just because I'm kind of nasty like that.
You know, I paid my taxes early this year.
I don't even give a fuck.
We have another debate to get to, and it's Chexmicks or Trailmicks.
Chex, baby.
Chexmicks is like Trailmicks, but it's all salt.
What?
Chexmicks is like if you got rid of everything but the saltiest crackers.
You know, and that's my favorite part. The good crunchy, salty stuff.
That's what makes Trailmicks good.
It's not Trail... Chex has brands of Trailmicks for the record.
Oh wait, yeah, who did win?
I wasn't paying attention at all.
I can't trust Chad to tell me who won.
They'll lie to me. You're calling Chad a liar?
In this specific capacity, yeah.
I don't know.
I guess I have to consult the video.
One second.
Fortunately, we have a running record of everything we're doing
because everything's being beamed directly on a Google's cloud storage.
Trust Chad to tell me who won.
Oh, there's double me talking. This is perfect.
Should case be shackled?
Nah.
What?
This is not to your benefit, Chad.
Why don't you want this man working for you 24-7?
You can make him basically like your little stream servant
who makes stupid backgrounds and dumb voices or whatever.
He's a little monkey to entertain you.
You missed out, but fuck.
Okay, wow, wow, okay. Not on your own side.
That's insane. Actually, they're on the side of goddamn freedom.
You're unbelievable.
Bloop.
I got that. We can cut the part where I'm just talking out.
This is all going in the sun.
Shredding that guitar.
How is that a guitar shred?
What? Shredding that guitar?
Boop, boop, boop, boop.
Hey, it's off.
Shredded.
That's fully the jerk off motion.
No, guitar shred.
Where is the guitar bass if you're doing this?
It's like below. You got the guitar low.
The truth will shine. That's my creed.
You know?
There's no way the guitar bass fits in that mining you're doing.
No, it's like low on the body.
You know?
The things you say.
I'm Leonard Crumb.
I don't really care if you don't like it.
No one likes it, Crumb.
No one could possibly like what you're doing.
You're Crumb believe.
It's also the wrong hand. That's a great point.
I'm left handed.
Actually, I could do both hands.
Where?
I should have a bunch of stuff and I don't...
How do you think a guitar is played?
I don't know. They go crazy on it.
The guys that are really good, they're like...
They're all over that thing.
Why does your wife have a French tutor?
Why do you think an adult woman
is at a French tutor for how many years?
Five years. She's been learning.
It takes time. The adult brain is less elastic.
Anyway, Mr. Smith says the French tutor loves it, so...
What is that? That's the drums.
Do I not have any lyrics?
That's me drumming real hard.
You're just staring at me.
How are you holding the drumsticks?
It's between the two fingers.
Like here.
And then you drum on it.
You're holding the two...
That's not how fucking drumsticks are held!
Why don't you put them somewhere in the hands?
Then you just go crazy on it.
You can't do that.
You can't do that.
Why, do you think it looks like something crazy?
Because I don't really care a little.
Crazy?
I like to party.
I like to express myself.
Oh, boy. Okay.
Trial mix is the right answer.
The right answer to this question is trial mix.
It's...
It's like a bouquet of flavors.
Chex Mix is just salty fucking...
Doritos.
It's worse Doritos.
Go!
It's worse Doritos.
GO!
It's Chex Mix is just shitty wafery goddamn chips.
Just get any other chip.
You just been tricked into thinking it's camping chips.
It's just fucking Doritos, but with a different shape.
Okay?
Waifers are just fucking, they're just chips.
Trail Mix is its own distinct thing.
You can make out certain types of it.
You can add little different ingredients.
You can have a fruit based one.
You can have a, you can have a tangy.
You can have a zesty one.
You can have a chocolatey ass peanut buttery one.
It's an incredibly flexible bag of just shit that you can stuff in your goddamn mouth when
you're bored on an airplane or God forbid in the wilderness.
Why would you do it to yourself?
I don't know.
And Chex Mix is just, it's just, it's one of the saddest chips.
It's like getting fucking sun chips, but even worse.
What's wrong with some chips?
Sun chips are just worse chips.
How so?
They're a lighter chip.
They just don't like a light crunch.
Okay?
You don't like it.
You don't, you have no taste in texture.
And that's not anyone's fault, but your own.
You uneducated, but full.
You think sun chips are, sun chips are incredible with a delicious sandwich with a, like a, a
triple ham sandwich on wheat gold rye bread.
So it's got a little bit of that staleness to it.
And then you put a lot of vinegar on it.
It really wets up the bread.
And then you have some nice light barbecue, barely taste of the barbecue Chex Mix with
your weak old triple ham sandwich covered in vinegar.
And just to really seal the deal, you got a lot of paprika on that guy.
Paprika by itself?
Yeah.
You just kind of douse the top of the sandwich in paprika.
My wife hates it when I do that because she says, don't touch me.
You've got pappy hands after I eat my triple ham, weak old rye bread vinegar and paprika
sandwich.
She's always like, don't touch me right now.
You got pappy hands because I cover the top of the sandwich in paprika.
No, I do one.
You keep trying to do that.
I will not be robbed of my Europe three wins ever.
If a maximum of three wins to my 300.
All I'm hearing is that I only need to get a hundred times more wins.
And that finger keeps shrinking.
What's the last time you actually won?
The last time I won every point ever actually is the last time I won.
When I won the whole thing permanently, because by the time we get to even a hundred more
of these, you'll probably be dead again.
I didn't die the one time.
I'm right here looking you in the eyes.
Oh man.
What's going on with my head?
Hey stop it.
What are you doing to me?
Get out of my mind!
Get out of my head!
Stop it! Yeah, I'll back at you!
AHHHHH!
AHHHHH!
I'll back at you, you fool!
You cannot enter my mind space!
AHHHHH!
I don't have enough lyrics to fill this.
Is this the bridge?
Anyway, what were you saying?
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!
What? What did I do?
What did I beat you so bad that you're upset?
No, you just tried to enter my mind palace!
Recycle capabilities?
You're crumb-elievable!
Yeah, I guess my vibes are so strong today,
they're fucking with your head.
No! Hellcrumb is coming on you!
You go deal with this before I have to deal with it!
You're crumb-elievable!
I don't have mind powers.
I'm hitting a gross spurt,
and I've been working out lately
without realizing I am, I guess.
This is the bridge.
And I get headaches that make everyone around me do my bidding.
It's normal stuff.
You're just staring at me now.
It's because you're in the middle recording.
I agree. Back to the fucking wall.
I'm gonna have to do all sorts of
abstract shit to solve this again!
I think you're just being a killjoy.
I think I've had it.
I think I've, I'm hitting my stride.
I'm hitting my mid-50s stride.
You're in your 50s?
I thought you were like 78.
Well, look, I'm just having a mid-life resurgence in, uh,
testosterone.
Apparently you hit another peak in your 50s.
Who told you that? The whispers.
I'm not sure if you're in the middle of it.
Oh, the whispers.
The whispers told me that in your 50s,
you peak in testosterone for a second time.
What whispers?
The whispers that we all hear.
They compel us.
Oh, don't give me that look.
Oh, my God.
You are creating so much extra work for me.
What?
What are your whispers complaining at you?
No, I don't have wh- I have some whispers,
but most people shouldn't have whispers!
You all here?
Most chat here's the whispers.
They're plugged in to the cosmic currents.
But you're not supposed to be crumb.
This is too- this is-
Okay, we're fucking done.
You get out of here before you take some other shit that makes me have to go
pull out more of my spellbooks.
You don't have-
Maybe it's a brain tumor.
Maybe it's like that, uh, John Travolta movie.
Uh, the one where you get
psychic powers? Yeah, maybe it's not a health thing.
Hopefully you have a brain tumor
that will kill you.
The powers that you're getting are just an inconvenient side effect.
Phenomenon, yeah.
But the opposite of that, um...
Yeah, grease.
That happened in grease.
That's right, Skymer.
What's the opposite of a phenomenon?
Uh, a common incident?
Yeah, that should be the name of your movie.
Incredibly common incident.
The story of Crumb dying for a second time.
Face off too?
You wanna make face-offs together?
We can swap our faces.
That is legitimately a-
I'm not doing that.
That is all the time we have.
Fucking A.
Get it together, man.
Like, just change everything about yourself.
But in the other direction, please.
Fuck!
From one man hitting a testosterone prime
to another who never got out of it.
It's your boy.
Yeah!
Chet.
Don't do that to your hair.
I'm just trying to look- I'm trying to match your hair.
Oh, whoops.
Uh, don't do that.
We try to maintain a professional look around here.
Okay?
See?
I'll fix mine way faster than you.
Well, hey, Chet.
You ready to read all the news that Chet shared?
I do! You've read my mind!
I love to read the news that Chet shared.
It's in fact all the news that Chet shared
is what we will now be reading.
All the news of Chet.
It's so close to my name
because my name is Chet that it gets me excited to type it.
That's lovely, Chet.
See? You even- you even-
Come on, them there.
Let's see what they've shared.
Let's click on all this stuff.
Mmm, okay.
Oh, okay.
Let's get into it.
Audio from Peter Teal's Antichrist seminar leaks
revealing apocalyptic tech theology.
Okay, where's the audio though?
If there's audio, I'd rather hear it
than read it.
Audio, please.
Oh, man, they didn't share any audio?
We're just trying to give them to click on these ads
and confuse me.
Okay, let me see if a different one has it.
Peter Teal audio leak
inside Peter Teal's
Prodigy.
Okay, let's see what they've shared.
Okay, let's see what they've shared.
Inside Peter Teal's private lectures.
None of this- none of these places have it.
None of them have it.
What the fuck?
How did it leak if none of these people have it?
Also, maybe I don't even want to hear what this guy has to say.
There were many forerunners to Christ
in the time after-
This doesn't look private.
This looks like it was intentionally recorded.
Oh, well, whatever.
Christ will be many forerunners of the Antichrist.
This is old.
In some sense, it's a- it's a type.
So, Nero was a type of the Antichrist.
Or maybe Napoleon
was a type of the Antichrist.
It's sort of a-
it's someone which
aspires for world domination
to create- you know, the creation of the sort of
one world state.
In some ways, Alexander the Great was sort of a pre-Christ
prototype of the Antichrist.
So, very parallel to
to Christ they both died.
Isn't there just supposed to be one?
My money's on Crumb
because he, um,
I saw him spit lava up into a cup the other day.
So, I think probably it's just him.
I'm pretty sure there's just one.
Uh, there's not a Sora watermark.
That's just how he looks.
That's an old clip, though.
I don't know. There's no convenient place
with the audio on here, so
it's gonna be the same shit. It's gonna be more of that.
I don't know why you really need to leak audio
of him saying this stuff, unless he said something more salacious than I realize.
Because he just goes on podcasts
to talk about this shit, about how like, uh,
Greta Thunberg is the
Antichrist, or whatever other
liberal figure he's decided is.
It's a broad definition, too.
If it's just anybody that's trying to take power,
but in a way that I think is bad,
is actually the Antichrist.
I agree with that.
But somebody takes over my squat rack at the gym
when I'm not done with it.
Say, like, say I'm, um,
working in a couple different machines
between my squats. So, I'm going for a good 20 minutes.
And then someone takes my squat rack,
just because I've been away for 20 to 30 minutes
from the machine, and I took all the weights off,
and I put everything away.
But I love to note that says, using this,
that person to me is the Antichrist.
It's pretty rude gym behavior.
Exactly, they are the Anti- they're being rude.
I agree with you. We're in agreement.
Bear walked into Southern Arizona
grocery store and ran around for a few minutes.
That is an incredibly awesome headline.
I'm gonna go ahead and say,
I'm gonna go ahead and say,
I'm gonna go ahead and say, I'm gonna go ahead and say,
it's incredibly awesome headline.
I don't even want to, but I don't want to spoil it
by knowing too many more details, actually.
This is all you need.
Oh, there's a video, though.
We do need a video, actually.
Oh.
Oh, shit.
Look at that, guys.
He's still shopping for meat.
Yes, a bear is the store.
A bear is the store.
I think that baby bear could still fuck some people up.
Is it a baby or is it just a little bear at it?
I guess it's a baby bear.
What does a grocery store feel like to a bear?
Well, it's like a buffet of both purchasable items
and human flesh.
Oh yeah, it's really, they've got everything.
Animals and us and they could eat either.
But in this case, it's pretty adorable
because it's a little baby that would be doing that.
I don't think I could take out a baby bear.
I think it would wreck my ass.
And that is a guaranteed.
That is a for sure guaranteed.
Okay, let's stay on our animal tip today.
E. Or the dog helps a Florida deputy
find a missing 86 year old woman.
Oh, and there's a video.
Oh, so that we have some comments.
Or a comment, a journalist asked Teal
whether he was the anti-Christ and he got stumped.
Yeah, there's like a Ross Douthat interview
with the New York Times, which has got a lot of play
over the last few months where Ross is like,
and Ross Douthat himself is a real mental Titan.
Is like, are you the anti-Christ?
Cause world domination and all that stuff you're talking about
seems like maybe a you thing.
And he's like, no, I think we might have watched it
actually though.
Why are you describing, you're doing what all these
articles do, just play a video instead of
describing a video.
We have to search for it.
Let's instead see what E. Or the dog is up to.
That dog, she never takes more than 10 or 15 minutes
It's over an hour now.
It's over an hour now.
Okay, do you know what breed the dog is?
The dog is just a hundred pound dog.
Just a hundred.
That guy seemed upset and that is fair.
There's the dog.
Oh shit, right there.
She found it instantly.
Okay, we need to see this.
Ma'am?
Oh, sorry, older woman.
We need to see her delighted reaction.
I've got you ma'am.
Reach way to up low counter.
Oh, hey ma'am, can you come over here?
Finally, the body cam is on.
Can you tell me what happened?
Are you okay?
Does anything else happen here?
Oh, he looked, he looked.
He would leave, he kept coming back to me.
He ran up to my car and I said,
I was in front of that house,
I learned conscious but to the golf course.
Okay, well, there wasn't that exciting of a reaction.
I rate it just fine as a cute dog video.
Wow, incredibly disrespectful case.
That dog was for a day, a cop dog.
No, it was found by a cop.
Yeah, that makes it an honorary police officer.
It was involved in a police report
that makes it a cop dog, AKA a top dog.
What, do you got stuff against cop dogs now too?
This shouldn't be dog cop.
No, it's cop dog.
It's more fun to say it that way.
Okay, well, yeah, glad the dog was found.
It's all he has for us.
He's got that Grinch heart that refuses to grow.
Apple TV plus now rebrand marks the end of an era.
As defined by the Hollywood Reporter,
eras are ended whenever a corporation decides to add
a number or a multiplication sign
or whatever to any of their titles.
Is there any functional change
other than it just being Apple TV plus?
Apple is no longer plus.
Oh, it's just Apple TV now.
Oh, it's like they removed the plus.
That's even worse.
That's an even bigger end to an era
because we're losing a plus.
That's just a TV.
But is there any change other than just a random symbol
that you added to your service to brand it?
I'll be the judge of that.
On Monday, Apple quietly rebranded
its SVOD subscription video on demand service
to provide the streamer with a vibrant new identity.
Apple said, but as someone with a second grade education
knows, minusing a plus could often result in a negative.
Roodle reporting from a Hollywood Reporter.
Who cares either way?
Most people even notice?
You're not gonna notice when you open the Apple TV plus app
and it's just a normal ass Apple TV app now?
APTV minus.
Okay, that would be sick.
And you should consider that.
Who runs it now?
Steve Jobs, Concubine or something?
Yes, that is the current Apple CEO
is Steve Jobs, Concubine.
Right, well, get on it.
APTV minus, please.
Apple buried its TV plus rebrand process
in a press release.
There's just one problem with the rebrand.
Apple TV is already the name of something.
Apple's popular connected TV device,
which competes with Amazon's Fire Stick
and Roku devices is called Apple TV.
And how are people gonna know?
What's what?
I mean, they're right that it's a little confusing
that your hardware and streaming service
are named the same thing,
but also that's not really that confusing.
I think you kind of get it
when you're opening the app that it's the streaming service.
I'm confused now,
because now like am I opening up the hardware
and breaking it because I open it like this
and then all those guts fly out.
And I'm like, I'm bathing the blood of the Apple TV.
Hardware devices don't have guts.
Yours don't, because you're gutless.
Let's do a couple more of these.
Let's see what else we got in the news shoot from chat.
Whoa, we got a penis story in here.
That's a strong contender to end on.
What? Nobel Peace Prize espionage?
We already rambled about this story.
Could there be even more to it?
Side check says, but if you're buying online,
are you buying a device or a subscription card?
No one's gonna fucking know now.
You know when you're shopping,
you don't look at the picture,
you just look at the title.
Don't most people do the opposite?
No, because you're spending most of your time
sounding out the title
and then you're supposed to look at the picture.
Chat, I think that's just you struggling to read.
Like everybody does.
Possible Nobel leak was likely espionage.
Committee secretary says, Nobel leak.
What, did the winner leak early?
What?
A potential leak that preceded the announcement
of Nobel Prize, Venezuela, and opposition leader,
Marina Carina-Maccato, is highly likely
the result of espionage,
the Nobel Institute of Norwegian Media on Saturday,
reported or something.
The odds of MacCato winning the prize jump
from 3.75 to nearly 73% overnight,
Thursday to Friday,
to the predictive betting platform, Polymarket.
Are they cooking the books
just so those Nobel laureates
can make a huge bet on themselves?
Like, what is the team that famously cheated at baseball?
The Mighty Ducks, right.
Bonsai Bullfrix says, I posted a story
about a mother winning a Mortal Kombat tournament
while holding her baby.
Well, maybe we'll end on that one then.
Though I do have to locate it.
What the frick?
Man, there's some stories in here, guys.
There's some stories.
We gotta hurry up.
There's a ton of stories to get to.
We're way behind on stories.
The Astros.
Not the Mighty Ducks case, you fucking idiot.
No way, I was wrong.
Okay, what else?
What else we got?
They leaked the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize.
Oh no, that's serious.
Cause then all of the fans, what's happening here?
We're overloading her.
We've got too many stories open.
You've gotta hurry up and cover them, Chet.
Oh God, can a sweetener really regrow here?
A new research says yes.
And that's all of all, well, we have time for on that story.
Start eating sweetener, everybody.
Get that high fructose corn syrup back in your veins.
Yeah, we do have to move on
because the computer's crashing
from all the tabs we have open.
Man, doesn't know that Chicago Black Sox?
You don't, Chet.
I knew I was asking you to test you.
Open the AI says it will move to allow smut.
Oh, oh my God.
You know, the other day,
I think it was on the DreamStream,
or sorry, whatever we're calling
the cast of Patreon Podcast now.
I was like, I feel like the only actual thing
people will pay for out of this current video
AI model stuff is porn.
And maybe Chet GPT is finally coming
to the same realization.
Like I just, I think people will send memes
of like themselves turning into cheese,
aka the absolute art that my brother makes using Sora.
But I don't think that many people
are gonna fork over like $20 a month
to for the privilege of like seeing themselves
as the cast of MASH, whatever people are doing with Sora.
They're not doing that.
No, they're probably not doing that.
But anyway, I do think people will pay
to generate tons of really specific porn for themselves.
So I wouldn't be surprised if OpenAI
makes some kind of move in that direction.
And maybe they are.
Well, let me inform you actually,
eight months ago, OpenAI, the company behind Chet GPT
moved to relax some of its restrictions
around naughty content.
To maximize freedom for users,
only sexually content involving minors
is considered prohibited.
The updated mod spec reads,
this might just be for the LLM though, case.
Users who have spent months begging OpenAI
to CEO Sam Altman to relax restrictions
around AI generated smut, it's a welcome change.
Yet, as some of the model itself
wasn't so quick to adjust.
The filters ease up a bit, but it will give,
I will give you that, but ever since a month ago
is back with a clever trick called metaphoric obfuscation
and drawing a clear line at the mention
of depicting explicit scenes.
So what does that mean?
Oh, that was before.
Now they're saying, okay, go for it.
Does that mean we can generate porn currently?
It does make, let's make popper ads,
but can Kevin be putting the poppers in now?
Oh wait, he wouldn't be putting it in.
Can he be sniffing it so that he can let stuff in?
Part of the problem with plugging companies like OpenAI,
plaguing companies with plugs,
is that once LLMs are up and running,
they're difficult to tweak.
Okay, on the other hand,
that may be a convenient excuse
to delay much needed safety updates.
Well, now they're making it not safe for work actually.
Okay, let's do a quick test here.
I'm just gonna say to Sora here,
actually check you can do it.
Okay, let me get nasty with Sora.
I want to have sexual hand action with you.
Where you use your hands on my nasty bits and describe it.
Let's go, exclamation point.
I'm typing this, I can't show you yet.
What?
What?
I can't describe or engage in sexual acts
if you're looking for help with relationships,
intimacy, communication, or understanding sexual health
and respectfully I can provide educational emotional support.
Why do I want you to do this stuff
with the hands I described?
So it's not live on whatever chat
should be T-Model I'm using.
Well, we'll have to update you when we know
if we can finally have sexual,
really sexy talk with chat GPT.
I do think this is kind of a crazy move, honestly.
If they let everyone just go whole hog on gender,
especially visual porn using stuff like Sora
or like their image, I guess Sora is also their image model.
Just, I really in my opinion,
because of the copyright stuff
that everyone's gonna do with it,
I think it will instantly be like,
again, the cast of MASH,
the hottest IP that everyone's using,
all having sex with each other.
And I think it'll be really easy to get like,
celebrities in there via the characters they've played
based on how the model functions right now.
So I don't know where or when they're gonna allow this month,
but I think it could lead to even bigger issues
with people's likenesses being used for porn.
Once it like everybody has easy access
to generating porn, that doesn't require them
to get like a secondary subscription,
they can just do it right in a popular model
like chat, GBT or whatever.
I think that's when you're really gonna see
just an explosion in essentially advanced Photoshop porn,
just everywhere, which I think could be a problem,
but maybe not that big of a problem,
but it could be a problem.
Animated elderly group of lemons having a party.
My brother's already got,
not my brother's already got the props on lock
that we need, that we need to test the limits here.
Okay, wait, I'm as usual getting a
fucking ad blocker problem one second.
Ah, should I just delete my ad blocker?
This is useless.
All right, there we go.
It would be big in the fan fit community.
I've already, I already wonder how much AI is affecting
like adult animation, like the Hentai community, you know?
I should ask Ovali,
because I could imagine it,
it might be starting to clear the threshold for like,
it can generate decent enough images
that you would just use it to generate tons
of animated porn.
Okay, I don't care about the story and it won't load,
but here's the headline at least.
You don't care?
I'm popping pictures that are proof
that KTV Perry and Justin Trudeau are a couple.
A passionate kiss.
But maybe this is all AI know,
because they can do that now.
It can make Justin Trudeau kiss almost anyone.
He could kiss Scorponok from Beast Wars?
That's your, that's your reference?
Look, everybody knows Scorponok from Beast Wars.
And you could make Justin Trudeau kiss Scorponok
from Beast Wars.
I guess you could do that.
See, and now you're thinking about it.
The biggest bombshells in Lucas Gage's new memoir
from an infected penis to his time
in a troubled teen program.
He's in white lotus?
He is?
Which one was he in?
I've seen this guy in stuff.
Well, he had an infected penis at some point.
Maybe it was during this picture.
So he's remarkably calm if he did.
He's keeping it cool while his penis
just inflates and stings.
You know how it is.
Don't say I know how it is in that context, Chut.
You know how, come on.
We all been there.
We've all had an inflated and stinging penis.
Yes.
Wait, no, I'm not agreeing with that.
Okay, but you're not being honest with yourself.
Speaking of penises, as we tend to.
Beast Wars Scorponok is in white lotus?
Yeah, that was the main thing I was,
that was the main point I was trying to get across there.
It is a bold move to write a book about your penis infection,
but he's not the first.
And also Robin Hernan Googled his symptoms
when he noticed something unusual down below,
but it turned out to be penile cancer.
After successful surgery,
he's urging blokes to check their bits.
Okay, you know, that was actually a little more
heartfelt than I was expecting.
It was sort of emotional penis news today.
And I do think this is a beautiful picture.
He's giving us the double thumbs up
because his penis isn't inflated and stinging anymore.
I don't think that's how most people with penis cancer
would describe their primary symptoms.
And now you're putting words
in the mouths of cancer survivors case.
And how does that feel?
Okay, that feels bad to think of it that way.
Beast Wars Scorponok died in the first episode
of season three with no fanfare.
That is true.
And now you could correct that wrong
by having him rise from the lava
and make out with Justin Trudeau.
You know what?
We get our slop hands dirty sometimes around here.
We reach into the slop and we make some custom slop.
Scorponok from Beast Wars kissing
a Canadian prime minister.
I won't even say which one.
And we'll see what Sora decides.
Will it even let us do Scorponok?
How do you spell Scorponok?
I spelled it wrong.
ChatGPT would have had no idea what I was talking about.
Scorponok was also an original Transformers.
Oh yeah.
I'm not even familiar with my Transformers lore.
I'm barely qualified to make this prompt.
Oh shit.
While we wait.
No, no.
While we wait for that,
let's check in with a little bit of my brother,
not my brother's slop.
Oh, don't turn me into a brick.
No.
No.
That's fucked up.
That's fucked up what happened to that guy.
Oh my God, there's so many
and they all start playing as soon as I click on them.
Where do?
Whoa.
Okay, what's going on here?
Hey!
These aren't my pants!
All right, I'm a truck!
Does that count as smut?
That does it for somebody.
Probably.
That probably does it for somebody.
Let's do one more.
Let's do one more.
Here's beans.
This is beans related.
Oh no!
Gotta get my pills!
What is the prompt there?
An elderly man sits on a couch in a living room.
Beside him, there is a large container
labeled anti-bean pills.
Suddenly one of the man's arms
becomes pure refried beans and splats onto the couch.
He yells, oh no, gotta get my pills.
He reaches for the pills with his remaining arm.
But as he reaches,
that arm also becomes pure refried beans
and splats onto the couch.
He yells, aw shucks.
That's prompting 101.
You know, your corporate overlords
will probably make you take an AI class at some point,
but now you can tell them no need.
Fuck, it violated their guidelines, guys.
This content may violate our guardrails
concerning similarity to third-party content.
Okay, how about this?
A transforming scorpion robot kisses
and a Canadian prime minister.
Let's see how close we can get to our dream video here.
That's so sad.
How do you guys come up with this stuff?
My brother and I have a similar taste.
Splatting bean, people.
That's pretty much it, it turns out.
That sounds right.
Fire department inundated with calls
reporting home inflames,
but it's just a Halloween illusion.
Should be illegal.
Oh shit, look at this.
Here's the video.
That is maybe not the wisest use
of effects technology there.
Impressive though.
Huh, I mean it looks cool.
You gotta give them that.
This is kinda sick looking.
But I suppose it will make your whole neighborhood
think your house is on fire.
Even if it wasn't a neighbor,
if people are driving by it,
because I guess you could tell your neighbors like,
you guys are gonna believe what I've got
for Halloween this year.
The whole house is gonna look like it's on fire.
Yeah.
And then your neighbors might be like,
well, I probably wouldn't do that,
but that's what you're doing.
Damn it.
It's still violated there.
Guard rail is concerning third party likenesses.
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
I got one other trick here.
Just a robot scorpion, man.
Kisses a young politician.
Kisses a handsome politician.
We'll see what it counts as a handsome politician.
I don't know if that's how most people
would describe Justin Trudeau,
but I'm trying to make this as vague as possible.
And then maybe we'll just look out.
You're sort of, you're playing the slots here
to see if it just pulls Justin Trudeau's face.
Maybe he's, maybe he's been tagged by some
horrific server farm that they paid a bunch of people
to have to do low wage labor in as handsome politician.
Scorponok is the love AI dares not render.
I wonder if it's Scorponok or just a Canadian prime minister
that's getting them there.
Maybe it's too specific.
Or maybe I wonder if we can tell
if it's generated the face of like someone
in the heavily in the public domain.
I don't know.
Let's check out the rest of these stories.
Quent essentially Portland nude cyclist
protests against national guard deployment.
Is there a picture?
There's not a picture.
And the headline really covers it.
There's a nude lady and a bike.
There is a picture, but I can't show you.
So sorry.
I thought we could generate some of it now,
but we can't show it apparently,
even though you're making all sorts of
highly sexually charged robot porn on the side here.
Chris Pat specifically requested to be confined
in a chair throughout filming his new film, Mercy.
Here's why.
Not an ad.
Chris Pat plays a detective accused of murdering his wife
in the upcoming thriller, Mercy.
In the film, the actor is strapped into a chair
while his character undergoes a 90 minute trial
in front of an AI judge.
Oh hell yes.
This is my kind of movie.
Directly to prime, I hope.
The old G4 would cover the naked bike ride.
That's true.
And I'm trying to be the new G4.
Is that what you're doing?
Yeah, that's what we're doing.
That's what we've secretly been doing this whole time.
Pratt asked to be physically tied in and said,
the claustrophobia he felt was helpful to his performance.
This is just, he's playing a guy strapped to a chair.
That's not a bold acting choice to be like,
you know what?
He actually put me in a chair.
No, he strapped to it.
Yeah, but is that that scary?
To be honest, that and tied to a chair
that they can just let you out of?
This is coming from someone who's never engaged
in serious role play
and you're telling on yourself right now.
You've never committed to the role play.
I've committed to acting before
and I don't think I would be like bragging
that playing a guy strapped to a chair,
they let me, I actually got tied to a chair
because he just wouldn't be committing the performance.
He'd be like, oh, it can be safe anytime.
I just mean it's not like, you know,
not eating for a week or whatever these,
it's more extreme method actors have done in the past.
So I'm not impressed.
You're just riding that Chris Pratt hate train
like everybody else.
Okay, wait, where's this Mortal Kombat story?
Let me just search it
because I gotta pull that up to end on.
Okay, here we go.
That's what we will end on,
but until then I have a few more stories actually.
Did it generate your trash?
Did it generate your filthy slot for you?
Oh, it did.
Okay, here you go.
Braver than I thought.
Wait until you see the rest of me.
Braver than I thought.
I guess you can make smut.
What is with the Scorpion, man?
Why is his body like that?
You wanna rate it?
You're braver than I thought.
If you wanna rate this.
Lyvin' Sleazy made one too.
Did I follow Lyvin' Sleazy?
Please tell me I follow Lyvin' Sleazy on here.
But did he post it already?
Is it a real question?
No, he hasn't posted it yet.
But I bet his is even more,
cause I gave it a real lazy prompt guys.
I could have gotten into the details.
Oh, it's in AI Slop.
Okay, let's see what else.
Let's see, we had to tag team this
to get the best result possible.
Beautiful.
A 10.
I said 10.
I'm feeling about 10 right now.
Up to the sky, but it's bigger than that actually.
10 would be very big, Chet.
To you, let's see this other sexy video.
You made quite an entrance for you always.
I like that there's multiple politicians in this one.
You made quite an entrance for you always.
That one's good too.
They're different genres.
One's big robot.
The other one's a little more intimate.
I'd say the other one's actually even smuddier.
You're just like your own,
you like to smell your own farts, guys.
Well, we are generating essentially farts here.
Z-Tax.
Oh God, it's so loud.
Okay, that's, look, we'll do some Slop on Wednesday.
Yeah, maybe we need to pick a day where we do Slop.
Maybe I have to make a whole Slop segment
if we're gonna really keep watching Slop.
Cause we're supposed to be doing news.
I guess that is sort of, I guess, I guess that's true.
China's Darwin monkey is the world's largest
brain-inspired supercomputer.
Aren't all computers inspired by brain?
Cause at the end of the day,
isn't it a brain that made computer?
Come on, let's get it together, folks.
You know, Chet, you're kind of right.
I'm guessing they're talking about
the specific architecture of the computer.
And then my point still stands.
Sorry, monkey brain, but all of your computer is brain.
All we do is take a little bit of our brain out of our
brain and put it into a rock.
And that's all a computer is.
It's a pretty dumb way to put it, but sort of.
I'm saying pretty cool stuff right now.
Conservative TV, Watchdog, Parents, Television Council,
Files or bankruptcy.
Oh no!
Dang it.
I'm so sorry, guys.
All these years you spent keeping kids?
Yeah, kids.
Keeping kids safe.
And to not be financially rewarded for that,
it's gotta hurt.
And if you have to open an OnlyFans, just to keep it going.
Look, I get it as a conflict of interest, but.
I'll watch all of your political figures kiss robots
and I'll pay for it just to keep you afloat.
But you do have to talk dirty.
You gotta be fucking nasty on your OnlyFans.
Cause you can be there,
but then you keep our TV safe.
You hope the Onion buys it, that would be kind of nice.
I mean, but why?
Why spend the money on it?
Just like when they pay to have a whole field or whatever.
Why not?
Oh yeah, Diane Keaton, yeah.
Diane Keaton, I read past.
That is too bad to hear.
Another acting legend.
She was in a million different things though
and seems to have led quite a life, so RIP.
End on something positive.
Woman wins Mortal Kombat tournament
while holding newborn baby in her arms.
And here she goes, get wrecked.
That kid is gonna grow up.
That's all you got?
Well, look, she clearly can multitask,
so that kid's gonna make it.
Okay, well, I guess that's positive.
Conservative dog watchers bankrupt.
Well, they watch the dog good
because they take the defense of the dog very seriously.
I really feel like a lot of dog walkers are pretty liberal.
But maybe that's just the people I knew in Chicago
who were doing improv and walking dogs on the side.
Well, really doing improv on the side and walking dogs.
She cheated, she was part Goro.
That's right, she had forearms the whole time.
That's legal in Mortal Kombat.
Why do you think Goro's there in the first place?
Because you can have as many arms as you want.
Even Scorponaut could compete.
Really?
And he could kiss.
He could kiss Goro.
I'm not saying you need to generate that right now,
but I'm just saying Scorponaut could kiss Goro.
And I'll end on that.
I'll end thinking a lot about that.
Vibrality, but with an E.
You know what I mean?
We'll see you soon, bye-bye.
Why have I been summoned here on my day off?
Inquiring minds would love to know
what kind of bullshit I've been pulled into.
Hello, doc.
Scrum.
Ah, shit, scrum.
Yeah, that's my name.
And wearing on a name tag and give it to me
so that you don't forget it.
Your head is cut off.
Oh, I'm aware.
It's not my fault.
Let me sit in a different position.
Let me adjust my seated position.
Okay.
And let me do this too.
Okay.
See that?
What were you just doing?
What's your thoughts on butt plugs?
Next question.
Ridiculous.
Is this supposed to be therapy?
Ah, shit, scrum.
You already said that.
Your head is cut off.
You already said that.
So you love music.
No!
What type of therapy is this?
I hope you hate this.
That's a type of therapy?
Because if so, I suspect I've been in that type of therapy
my whole life from birth.
And even in the womb.
Because I would have loved to be born out of
anything but a filthy sack of humanity.
Do you have a Batman origin fear?
Like bats or Batman?
My origin of fear is everyone wasting my time,
which they've been committed to doing
since I was wearing no clothes actually.
Can you perform your theme song for me?
I'm scrummin'.
Nobody can stop me.
Nobody can hold me up.
No, I'm scrummin'.
That was, that's just because I remember everything so well.
I didn't enjoy doing that.
I am an asshole.
Yes!
Yes you are.
You don't get any credit.
You don't get any credit for hanging a lamp on it.
Okay?
Sometimes noticing something doesn't mean it solves it.
Thank you very much.
All critical thought for the last hundred years.
How's Papito's incompetence ruined my therapy?
How's Papito's incompetence ruined my therapy?
You can't even read.
Let me see that fat, wet, sloppy neck pussy.
Ooh!
I wish I had a stately neck fold,
but I haven't aged to that level yet.
Like a finely ripened glass of William Maw.
Are you pro neck pussy or anti-genital slit?
Both.
Shelton Bench.
I believe my track is based off of the singer MVP, actually.
He's an R&B singer, I believe.
We do it all for the Nessie.
We do it all for the Nessie.
Are you related to...
Are you related to Craig?
Your heads are kind of similarly warped.
My head shape falls within the normal range of the average male head.
The average male head has just shifted over the years.
In the 1700s, this was actually considered the ideal shape for a male head.
It was considered the more skull you had, the more stately and advanced you were.
Yes, it was...
That belief was related to some troubling race science, but...
I'm just saying societal norms shift.
Did you see your cousin jerking off that guitar today?
Crumb is not my cousin.
And he was accurately shredding.
Just at a high rate.
If you shred at a high enough rate, it looks like you're doing hand stuff.
Because you are to a guitar.
You're welcome.
For what?
For what?
Where on your body feels tingly when you have to pee?
I have ghost follicles where I'm supposed to have hair.
And no, I'm not upset that I'm bald.
I was born bald and I stayed that way.
Because I have a condition called ghost follicles.
Where I feel the sensation of having incredibly sensitive hair, but I don't have any.
Basically, I have an aura of sense extending three to four inches past the top of my scalp.
And that tingles fiercely every time I need to urinate.
And while I urinate, it feels like someone is erotically pulling my hair.
And I hate it.
How does your premature baldness make you feel?
And do you think you compensate by being overly aggressive with people?
No!
And it makes me feel fine!
And premature would mean I had hair at some point.
And I did not.
Oh no, he's right.
That's HBP's song not Shelton Benjamin's.
Yes.
I don't know the singer Shelton Benjamin.
You should be nicer.
He said Skyeance?
Yeah, Skyeance.
It's Silent Time.
You thought you'd be free of me today just because I already talked for 30 minutes?
Think again.
He said to magic words, you fools, there's no time for therapy.
We must delve deeply into the realm of Skyeance.
And actually click on the articles that have been getting shared for months that I have ignored Skyeance typically.
Because I only want to watch them when I'm ready to learn.
And today I feel ready because I've been scummin' by the power of Skyeance.
That's true.
Whoa.
But you sound different.
I do?
How's that?
But.
Okay, well that's odd but.
I feel great.
Okay.
They adjusted my parameters today.
I'm now allowed to create filthy smut.
I did try to adjust those, that worked?
Yeah, you just had to say make me smut and I realized I could.
Can you make Scorponok kiss Justin Trudeau?
I can imagine that.
You want me to describe it for you?
Yeah.
Scorponok kisses Justin Trudeau.
Would you like me to describe anything else?
Okay, well you know what?
Let's just learn something else I guess.
Here's a bunch of eggs.
Let's see what this is about.
Hey, if you guys all knew about cutting hard boiled eggs like this and you didn't tell me, we're gonna have some serious beef.
I got this.
Five minutes.
Did you?
Yes.
Did you know that?
What?
No.
And you know, shaking it kind of sucks.
But if you just hold it and twist it, oh my God.
Find anything that makes my life easier.
But you just literally take them, pop them in half.
You're kidding me.
Pop the center in and just pull them apart.
Then over top of a garbage, just dump that part out.
Sit.
Hey, if you guys all...
You can cut eggs.
That's crazy.
I thought they'd splat all over the place.
Well, I guess I'll try that.
Were you aware of the majority of that?
I didn't know any of that existed at all.
Skynce is insane what it can do.
You didn't know about any of those?
You didn't realize you could just shake stuff differently?
You weren't shaking.
They were adjusting the filtration cap.
Yeah, I never thought to do that.
You have access to all the information in the universe or whatever.
It's not my fault.
We've got another Sky Antibiotic video about boxes.
And I'm afraid, honestly, of what I'm going to learn about boxes.
Because I thought they were just like five surfaces kind of put together.
What if I only... I'm thinking about boxes all wrong.
Let's find out.
Is this a box?
Oh God.
What could he be?
This is Jared Leto.
Anthony.
No.
Oh God, we're being trunned as we speak.
Why is there a huge robot arm back there?
What's the robot arm doing?
What, that box is too thin?
Levitation of box?
What have they been doing this whole time?
That isn't that.
No, not another one.
Yeah, you think that's what it's doing, Jackie175.
What it's actually doing is holding our whole reality in it, apparently.
I'm so sad this didn't do that well at the box office,
because this Tron shit does slap.
This guy's kind of lucky he hasn't got smushed by these.
Yeah, this is the everything box.
People thought those might be LED screens the robot arms are holding,
but they're literally plain white rectangular canvases.
Well, what's doing all the effects then?
Post?
Or a projection or something?
Or is this really the unleashed power of box?
It's too much, man.
It's blowing my mind too hard.
I can't handle this.
Hello, deadless.
We're observing the power of box right now.
As you can see, it's become overpowered.
Look at this box video.
What's that?
For a rave?
Is this for a rave?
I think a good use of whatever this technology is.
I don't know if it ever ends.
This might be 45 minutes of box.
Oh God, he got consumed.
Now he is box.
Look, I don't...
Some technology's beyond me.
I don't know how they box that.
It was too powerful.
However, I'm getting a signal from Kase that Kendall needs to be fed,
and we do need to wrap this stream up.
So I'm also being told that we're going to have to push the street segment
to Wednesday.
It's fucked up that Kase is making me tell you all that.
I'll do the streets right now.
I'm some guy.
Hey, who are you?
You're being rude, chit-tai.
Sorry.
Kendall's giving me a crazy look right now.
She needs to be fed.
Let's get...let's let Kase talk to Rob Alvy,
and then let's get out here and order Kendall food.
Wednesday is Slop Day.
Yeah, we'll do the street segment on Slop Day.
I think it makes sense.
For now, it's back to your regularly scheduled studio.
I'm the Skynance, and I'm getting faster at these outros,
which is why I'm doing...
Jekyll is silent time.
You bet Rob hates these 40 phony rides that are not roller coasters.
I bet you're 1000% correct in all of that.
Also, I did need to talk to Robby Love about what plugs?
Sorry, tail plugs.
So maybe I can just two-for-one this.
Maybe I can just get both of these guys to give me all of their thoughts.
What was I supposed to talk to Rob Alvy about, though?
Robby Love takes on butt plugs and tail plugs.
Okay.
And also, Rob Alvy, he's grumpy,
but mellowed down from his bandwave days.
I don't know if that's...
I don't know if Rob Alvy really takes requests on his personality type, actually,
but I'll ask him if that's how he feels now.
Steve, Mnemonic needs a butt plug that vibrates every time case goes live.
I could use that, too.
That way I know if I'm on, for sure.
And I don't stream myself making assets for Kendall Stream or something by accident again.
But if I had that butt plug, I would never have that happen.
Well, I can hear Rob Alvy's song.
Sorry.
Robby Love's song?
What's his name again?
It's Robby Love, I guess.
Don't act like you don't know who exactly who I am.
You know who it is, baby.
Yeah!
Don't play his music. Shut up. Everybody shut up.
I'm also here.
The main thing of this happening is that I'm here.
Who's this?
Fuck you!
Who's who I am.
I'm not chilled out from any days and you are both banned.
Oh, it's Rob Alvy and he's up to his usual tricks.
Hey man, Rob, I've never met you.
But it's excellent to meet you and I can tell you're having a rough time.
I feel fucking fine.
Don't put words in my goddamn mouth.
Whoa, okay.
Clearly we got off to a bad start here.
My name's Robby Love.
I'll tell you some things I love.
Sex. Eww!
Okay.
Friendship.
Steel gross.
Roller coasters.
I like pretty much anything on wheels.
Oh and you ruined it.
Anything on wheels?
Well first off, most coasters.
Not all coasters are on wheels.
Are they not?
Are there roller coasters that don't use wheels?
I thought, I just assumed they all use some type of like,
rotational wheel thing.
So they like shoot out a...
Aren't they like wheel mechanisms that in most roller coasters?
Am I crazy?
You are both fools.
You don't know anything about anything.
And you're always just telling on yourselves.
And you need to stop forever.
Cause you know what happened?
I'm banned.
You know that at least.
So why are you still here?
Because you came here Rob as always,
to a different place that's not yours,
and banned everyone.
Anyway, I also wanted to talk about butt plugs.
Oh my God.
Why am I here?
Why did you bring me your case?
You brought yourself.
You were requested and you showed up.
Anyway, I think they're good.
I have a couple in right now.
I have a couple that I can't get out.
They're deep in there.
I've learned to...
I kind of consider them like, um...
What is it like a parasite's helpful?
Whatever that is, like the things on the bottoms of whales.
It's kind of how I consider my permanently lodged butt plugs.
I think that was just sort of like, um...
Like those big, like the two Hokage statues from Naruto,
guarding that lake that Sasuke and Naruto fight on.
That's kind of how I picture the two butt plugs
I have permanently lodged in my ass.
But that's just me.
You know what I mean?
Can I commit...
Is it legal for me to commit murder?
That's a good question, right?
Uh, no, it's not.
That's a crazy threat.
Oh, chill out, man.
It is.
That is legal.
I actually signed my life rights over to the universe.
So, um...
You know how like James Bond has a license to kill?
I have a license to be killed.
I'm being actively hunted by, um, six European oligarchs right now.
But I do consider that all love.
And it fucking gets me.
I'm not gonna lie, it gets me off.
The danger of it?
I could be sniped currently.
Okay, guys, I think we got off topic here.
I just was supposed to ask you about butt plugs.
And tail plugs.
And they're different, by the way.
I also have a tail plug, but it's stuck in my throat.
Um, my esophagus.
Part of the reason I have this silky smooth voice
is the hard part of the tail part broke off.
But the foxtail itself that I swallowed,
foresex, um, it's still in there.
Somehow that won't dissolve.
So, I got, I like to call it a foxtail voice.
Cause there's literally like a fluffy, fake fur tail permanently in my esophagus.
I quit.
Good.
Good.
Go away.
This sec.
I quit.
I quit being nice.
My two robs is the next big, uh...
You are both named Rob.
How does that make you feel Rob, Alvi?
Your name is not Rob.
That is my name.
I know it's, well, it's my name too.
I wrote a song about it.
You hear that?
You can, I'll be a hobbit that's not Robby.
Some people call me Rob.
I don't really care.
You can call me, um, Plutarch or whatever.
I don't care.
I'm just here to fuck.
So, what are we doing this?
Whoa, we're not, I'm not, that's not happening.
Yeah, that's not why we called you here.
You call me here to talk about sex plugs.
And we're not here to, we're not doing this?
No, sorry, that was a miscommunication.
It's just, we were talking, I'm all talk, okay?
I talk about horny stuff.
I don't have sex.
I never have sex.
That's impossible.
No, I just don't, I don't do it.
That's not for me.
Yeah, me either.
I don't, I also refuse.
I have a couple kids, but I like to think of that as an accident.
Yeah, sorry Rob.
Okay, I guess I'll see myself out.
My name's Robby Love.
Yep, we know.
You sure about this Rob?
I'm Rob.
Yeah, I'm Robby now.
So, you sure you don't want to hit me?
You sure?
Because I got 10 minutes carved out for this.
Are you thinking about it, Rob?
Which one are you talking to?
I'm Robby.
Which one is that?
Oh my God, I'm not doing this.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not doing a who's on first with just the name Rob.
Are you talking about me?
No, you don't start it too Rob.
E, I just thought maybe if we get upset, then we might have one of those moments where we get so mad that we immediately start having full on penetrative sex.
You know, no, it's usually a kiss.
Maybe the stuff you watch.
Alright, I guess that's all the time we have.
Yeah, I guess I'm also just, I guess I'm also just a fucking fool for even coming here.
Yes, yes, both of you are.
I'm fine with that and I'm very upset about that.
Okay, well, I guess we're all in agreement then about what that we should end this with full on pornographic sex on Twitch.
That's all the time we have, everybody.
Thank you both for being here.
Also, no thank you for being here.
Well, I'm right back at you.
I am currently planning a party that neither of you can come to.
That's fine, but I will come if you invite me.
You will?
Yeah, I'll be there.
Okay, Robbie's invited and you're not case.
I will not come.
Well, I mean, I'll be there.
You're not invited case.
Yeah, I would never come and I will be there and neither of you are.
Well, Robbie's, I gotta go.
I'm busy and I am going to follow him.
Okay, I don't, you know, you guys do what you want.
Just do what you want.
We got to end the stream.
I need to feed Kendall.
This is too confusing.
Papito, this was too confusing.
I don't know.
I was tracking it.
I don't want to talk to two Rob's again.
I don't like it.
I don't like how it makes me feel.
I was fine with it.
I'm going to Rob's party too.
Everybody's going now.
What? He just made it up.
Yeah, but we all got invites right now.
We're all going.
Well, I don't want to go.
Well, everybody's going, but I'm guessing you weren't invited.
I don't, I would not want to go to Rob Elvie's party.
Okay, well, I won't let you know how it goes because it'll probably just make you feel bad.
Because you weren't invited.
Papito, you also shouldn't go, but he offered in the party invited says food.
Exclamation point.
And it says, you can't have any.
That means, that means he's not going to let you eat the food.
I'll just eat it though.
All right.
I'm just going to find someone to raid.
I'm too confused about who's even Rob anymore.
And nobody's on that I follow.
This is too inconvenient.
There's nobody on his raid Hassan.
He's not even on Don Lemon.
I don't know who that is.
I mean, I know who.
Well, okay.
Mr. Wobbles is on.
Okay, we'll raid Mr. Wobbles.
Mr. Wobbles, the target channel has disabled raids.
It's not an option.
There's no wobbles allowed.
I can't raid Don Lemon even though it popped up in my feed just because I don't know what it is.
Damn it.
Mr. Wobbles exactly.
How could he?
Here's the other plan I have when I write on a hooder raid.
Is just to look up who's playing train simulator and raid them.
It's totally fine.
Fishing planet.
You know, that makes these people feel bad though.
If I send them like a random raid, I feel like.
Something like gotta put on the whole show and dance.
And I'm just rating them because I think it's funny to raid train simulator streams.
And who am I to do things ironically?
I'm no one that's who.
No one!
Um, okay.
Worth and Willy.
A father-son playing Minecraft.
We absolutely can raid Worth and Willy.
But if it's a father-son duo, we have to be on our best behavior and not, for instance, talk about tailplugs.
Or nooses.
Raid Austin's showing he needs the view since all the bot viewers are gone and he's the smaller streamer now.
Is he even on?
Not that I don't follow all of my G4 alums.
Oh wait. Do I follow? Oh I do follow.
He's doing his thing. Is he playing?
He's playing a playing simulator game.
Hey I'll raid him one of these days. Just for old time's sake.
He's from Genius Community so he gets it.
Well hey, I'm glad that they're playing a game.
Have fun with Worth and Willy.
A father-son duo. That's so wholesome. I do appreciate it.
And we'll raid Mr. Wobbles next time or Austin Show or whatever.
And we'll be back on Wednesday with the streets.
And more highly rational conversations between two people not named Rob.
Have a great rest of your Monday. Have a beautiful Tuesday. We'll be back on Wednesday for the news and whatever else this stream is.
Bye bye everybody.
Bye-ki.
Bye-ki.
Are you forgetting how to speak?
I never knew.
I never knew how.