I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
No transition needed.
Classic streaming. Classic Irish streaming.
That's what I've been doing here in Rennerton for the last roughly year.
I slowed down the flow of time.
Now I've kept this place on track, completely consistent for a full year
and that's why I'm the greatest mire this town has ever seen.
Screw that, the greatest mire there ever was.
The greatest mire there's ever been and the greatest mire there ever will be!
Good to see everybody. Thank you for joining me today on this beautiful sunny day here in Rennerton.
Question mark.
I'm shining, of course, the lord of all that is golden.
I wear my golden coat.
Not because of a leprechaun thing, because I've been so successful in this office.
Keeping this economy, keeping this city on track.
Rennerton G4 ever never stopped maring.
I never will because I'll never lose this election.
I'm gonna stomp a mud hole in all these other so-called candidates that even dare to step against me.
In case you're just joining us.
This is a... we sort of do live maring here.
Four third going actually. Maybe that'll explain things.
Good to see everyone. Thank you so much for joining me. We're starting a little bit late.
But that's just how it goes sometimes in the world of maring.
You get Godzilla attacks, you get schools popping up that you have to bulldoze the usual.
Alright. Boom.
There it is.
Tiny little lower third for everyone.
Love the jacket. Thanks so much.
I bought this myself and it's not like any other jacket I've ever seen before.
Alright, let's take a look at what we're working with here.
Let's make sure our software is still functioning appropriately.
The year of course...
No sound.
No sounds at all coming out of this.
Why is the way... oh there's just no music.
Oh see that's an invitation for me to play classic Irish music playlist.
Oh my favorite.
Completely authentic Irish tradition of playing Irish music playlist on YouTube while I mayor the city.
These schools have been a scourge on this town for too long.
Polluting the kids thoughts with unnecessary drivel.
We keep them clean. We keep the kids focused on what really matters.
Real estate and population growth.
That's the Rennerton way. Alright what year is it?
1990 the year of our lord.
The little covered up up there but it's 1990 February of 1990.
That does mean the election is just around the corner.
We'll remind you of all the candidates before you vote.
Again but there's Pepito I think.
A dog. And that'd be insane to vote for.
There's a ghost candle.
There's the hype train. And then there's September.
Those are your options.
Meanwhile I'm going to be busy actually trying to grow this city.
It's an extremely slim margin for growth.
But the goal is to hit 600,000.
I think we can do it.
Or is this a goddamn hospital?
Is this cross for a hospital?
Does anybody know?
If it's a hospital it needs to be poled out.
Is that a school?
These things like things that need to be poled out potentially.
I'm pretty sure these are schools and hospitals.
Just a big stack of them.
A true blight upon the city.
Less hospitals, more stadiums.
Of course we have an extremely strong stadium economy here in Rennerton.
Let's get to bulldoze in some of these schools.
Where you've been rezoned.
I just can't remember if this is... I think these are hospitals.
I don't know if they've got the little crust in their hospitals.
Those also need to go.
Where hearty people in Rennerton are water keeps us strong.
So we bulldoze every school and hospital we see.
And we replace it with beautiful residential condos.
The lifeblood of Rennerton.
If you have any questions for me I will be taking questions from the Jackals in the press.
Momentarily as well.
Exclamation point P or exclamation point press.
Is how you send me questions for the press corps.
Those greedy goblins always trying to halt progress in this city with their unnecessary questions.
What we tolerate it.
Because I'm told that's democracy or something.
There's not as many schools as I'd like.
I need to make more room.
I really don't know how to hit 600,000.
I've been trying for a year.
But that doesn't mean you shouldn't vote for me.
No one else knows either.
All journalism is of course submitted for internal review.
Maybe I should get rid of some of these stadiums.
I know that's kind of sacrilege but we do have a lot.
I'm not seeing as many schools or hospitals as I thought I might.
Why does it have power?
Alright.
It's with these pathetic slums out here.
Nothing against the underprivileged but they don't take up as much space.
And they don't raise the population as much as I'd like.
Alright.
I might have already pulled those all the remaining schools.
There were some real holdouts.
Oh, there's another one.
You have to say, there's a bunch.
They pop up like locusts.
How many soap houses are in Rennerton?
Well, we're not a people who prioritize cleanliness.
We prioritize growth.
So there's houses with sudsiness to them.
Though I don't know if that counts as soap.
But if you want some prostitution, we do have that.
Cycor, good to see ya.
Alright, I think I raised the population by a thousand.
That's Lady Citrix, I see you've been attending some of our local establishments here.
And if my accent sounds like it's slipping, it's just because I've slowly gone native here in Rennerton.
Now it's a half-Rennerton, half-Irish accent.
That's how much of a man of these people I've become.
What's going on here? Why won't these?
Who doesn't want to start industry here? I don't understand.
How are these not incredibly hot properties that are filling up immediately?
And what's with these disgusting houses? Do I just bulldoze them?
Is it because they're buttressed by disgusting industrial pollution?
Maybe I should bulldoze all of this industry down here?
Maybe it's not useful?
Replace it with more housing?
Maybe that's the bold initiative that I need.
Oh crap, it's November.
Alright. That means it's time to vote.
I missed it, I pushed the elections back to December apparently.
But it's officially November 1990 here in Rennerton.
The future is finally here, the 90s.
That means it's voting time.
Of course, I fully expect to win incumbents advantage.
And of course, no other candidate looks this good.
No other candidate leaves their shirt this unbuttoned.
I'll take the questions from the press at this time, ahead of the election,
and ahead of some campaign videos from my opponents, although potentially not all of them.
Just as that could get a bit monotonous, let's send it down to the press corps.
You jackals in the press, you'll have your time at last.
Here we go.
All down everyone.
Everybody will get their turn.
Alright, alright.
Settle down, please settle down.
I won't get to everyone because you...
You're raising your hand.
Is that right?
Is that Handem Squidward?
What gave me away?
Yeah, that's cheese.
Look at this little guy.
Hello everyone, it's your favorite newsman, Handem.
I'll do the talking here.
Am I asking a question or not?
Oh my, what is...
Okay, there's a lot of things going on in this town.
Look, I'm Handem Squidward.
My plan is how do you plan to handle the increase of learning amongst the children?
They've really been learning like crazy.
I think I've proven with my track record of bulldozing every school that I say
that I have a zero education tolerance policy here in Rennerton.
The only education people need is to watch home remodeling shows on the TLC network,
which just started by the way, incredible.
Here in the 90s we love the TLC network.
Indeed.
And you know, whatever else, go to a Chuck E Cheese,
ask the rat what math is.
We don't need schools and I don't plan to be building anymore anytime soon.
If anything, it's all of this reading that the press is encouraging
that makes these schools continuously pop up like the infection that they are.
No more questions.
You're not going to take any more?
Well, I'll take a few more actually.
There's a bunch, but I do like to say no more questions.
No more questions.
Oh, my flashes aren't working.
You guys don't want to take photos of me?
Yes, they don't.
Worked once.
What are you talking about?
We're moving on.
Who else is out here?
Who's got a question for me?
Ahem.
Ah, yes.
Ah, you there.
That's your question.
Oh, does town really need a human mayor?
Thank you so much for the bits.
Hold off for a second.
I need to thank people for the bits with your ridiculous question.
Ahem.
AppleDeaf, you thank you so much for the 100 bits.
Twice in a row, the back-to-back bits.
What's your fucking question?
Whoa!
Do we really?
Oh, I wonder why this guy is asking.
Now, why would you be asking that?
Well, it doesn't matter why you're asking that,
even though it's clearly because you're some kind of specter wearing a human outfit.
No, I'm a journalist.
All right.
Next question.
I don't have time for this today.
I've got an election to force upon myself.
I've got an election that I tried to stop from happening to apparently submit to.
You there, what's your question?
Why the Shamrock Shake shalt year round?
And what are you going to do about that?
Ah, fellow fan of the Shamrock Shake I see.
For a long time I've had going through the local senate,
which we apparently have for some reason,
I've had an initiative to of course have the Shamrock Shake be sold at every establishment year round.
Unfortunately, I received an injunction from some guy named McDonald or something,
and I was told that I can't.
What is happening right now?
Excuse me, I'm in the middle of a press conference, sir.
Sir?
I'm in the middle of a press conference if you don't mind.
You're being extremely rude.
How come you're so close to this?
Oh, what's going on?
Listen to all this shit that's happening!
What the hell is going on?
What's going on, my voice?
I'm officially announcing that not only has Uncle Phil written in his stream,
has only accepted a nomination from Airada.
Uncle Phil is running against me now?
Down the Shrug honesty path and wrong.
What happened to this town?
There used to not be all these f**king graphics all over the place.
I brought some graphics on.
Woo!
Cause I'm gonna be mayor soon.
You know about it?
Big time mayor means what I'm making.
Oh my god.
Oh my god damn opponents in Sears?
That's right.
I'm a strange...
I'm a strange man.
The buttons here are a little bit different.
What are you fucking talking about?
The buttons here are just a little bit different.
Do you have a fucking question?
Are you just here to antagonize me?
You're on the ballot.
So why don't we settle this at the polls?
Oh yeah my question is, do you evacuate those school stores?
Are you serious?
This train is asking me a salient question.
Look if anyone was in those schools
then they're an enemy of the state.
Alright?
Now essentially they've made the decision
to try to educate themselves.
Which we have a zero tolerance policy here
for in Rennerton I'll remind you.
So I can't be blamed for any non collateral damages
that happen with brain combatants
who are unlawfully trying to fill their head
with so called facts.
Sick man I mean that's...
I wasn't evacuated either.
I wasn't following you out.
I just wanted to have hands that you a high five.
This man's trying to flank me from the right or left.
It's very unclear here at Rennerton.
Thank you so much for the subs and bits propelling
I apparently just train to level two.
Entity thank you so much for the gift of tier one
to Nome Pro.
Sorry Nome Pro.
You do that too?
In Irish it's pronounced Nome Pro.
Thank you so much Skymer for the hundred bits.
There's too many fucking questions.
There's not enough questions dude.
As mayor I will answer all the questions.
And I will never die.
I'll never die.
I'll fucking kill you.
Whoa!
Is that a goddamn challenge?
I will wrestle your whole train body off the track.
I will dump you in a fucking landfill.
I will cover you...
with... how do you bury a train?
I'm just like anybody else.
Yeah I'll fucking bury you.
300 feet under.
With the strongest pythons in the world
I'll dig a hole so deep
not even Methuselok could train his way out of it.
What?
I don't fucking know.
Next question.
Alright man.
I'm still alive to see how the hype is real.
Yeah we'll see how long that lasts.
Alright.
Next question please.
Yes ma'am you there.
A thought John Hamm tarot.
You were agreeing with me?
Who are you talking to?
Talking to chat.
Very confusing.
What are my thoughts on Hamm tarot?
He's a little hamster.
He's barely qualified to sit in the seat.
We'll have to shrink the whole capital down
just to fit him inside it.
Town hall is no place for hamsters.
We don't have the tubing.
The tubing we do have is
incredibly backed up sewage pipes.
And all of the sort of little
wooden bits are what I sleep in.
And I don't want any hamsters taking it.
So you're against hamsters?
I'm against hamsters for mayor.
Mayor?
Yeah are you?
Whose grandma are you?
Whoever.
Alright well.
Next question please.
We need to keep it moving.
There's a lot of questions to get to.
Yes.
You there sir.
Are there rumors that
you have made Heathcliff
Huxtable?
The chief medical advisor
of Renertown?
Are those rumors true?
I'm not legally required to reveal
my mayoral cabinet.
Well it really is supposed to be a matter of record.
Alright maybe I made Heathcliff Huxtable
chief medical advisor but why wouldn't I?
There's one piece of advice to give here in this town.
That's bulldoze all the hospitals.
Well why Huxtable?
Because of the support like this is why
because the people understand the decisions I make.
I'm not going to make a mistake.
I'm not going to make a mistake.
I'm not going to make the decisions I make.
I don't need to be explaining every decision I make
to these disgusting press jackals
and I actually refuse to.
I'll take one more and then I'll be back
after I win I assume to answer even more questions.
Alright I wasn't trying to be rude.
Well mission not accomplished.
This is a stressful town to run.
I can't help it if...
I get in a mode sometimes.
Yes you there.
How drunk are you man?
Not as drunk as I'd like.
I have time to take shots.
So you're not drunk at all?
No I'm pretty drunk.
I mean I'm certainly not sober.
Sometimes I wonder if I ever will be.
Oh oh.
I was trying to go there.
This point is not so much a party
as it is a way to get through the day.
Alright man.
Hamtran thank you so much for the five community subs.
That's the kind of support that keeps us going here at Rennerton.
Let me see why my...
Let's see.
Eh?
Why aren't these working?
This is gonna bug me.
You there?
Okay.
Okay.
Now? Nope.
Well...
No photos at this time because you're functionally incapable of doing it.
I have a town to I'm assuming still may or after I win this election.
No more questions.
Ridiculous what they're trying to do to me.
Challenging my decision making.
Get this question out of here.
I don't need questions floating around my head when I'm not even in the press corps.
Alright we have some um...
Election business to take care of before we can get down to the business of getting this town
to 600,000 residents.
The only thing that actually matters.
So um...
We're gonna run a couple of ads to remind you of who's who
and maybe some prospective candidates who are hoping to run
8 years from now or of course on an 8 year election cycle here in Rennerton.
Four is just way too often to elect somebody new.
America got it wrong and I refuse to admit if or even clarify
if we're definitely in America.
Alright let's send it down and we'll be right back after these messages.
One moment please.
I ain't scared. I ain't scared of a single god damn person on a whole freakin' planet.
Rennerton, it's munch. You really think you're going to hit...
He's not running. He's not even running.
Sorry about that folks.
Please play my campaign ad.
I ain't scared. I ain't scared of a single god damn person on a whole freakin' planet.
Rennerton, it's me. Two-time IRAWGP champion Dwayne the Shamrocko Johnson
and I'm here to put Rennerton on notice.
I'm going to be your next mayor because I've heard the things you've said about my people.
You love your precious industrial water so much.
Well my people built the factories that polluted your water.
You think there's other candidates to vote for?
Oh what's their names?
It hardly matters what their name is.
So vote for Dwayne the Shamrocko Johnson because O'Johnson 317 says
I just ate your ass like a sweet potato pie.
I guess I'm...
I guess I'm doing another ad.
Look I'm still running currently.
No one can take that away from me.
And if you try to, you're a god damn maniac.
We've got the best food here in town.
We've got the best town hall and together forever we can.
But I'll tell you this, some people don't want this town to be good.
They don't want it to be more.
I'd say in fact they want less pollution.
The bedrock of this entire nation.
They say that they don't want guns.
Well to that I say no.
And I say yes to giant piles of rubble.
This place has more than 40 schools.
They need to be destroyed.
And under my leadership, prayer will never give you gastroentonitis.
But guns will remain as legal as ever
until the day we nuke ourselves into submission.
I'm not Papito.
God damn it.
For me, for me, fellow American, you vote for me now.
Goblin, peace, I out.
I do good job.
I make city grow.
I am Goblin, peace, I out.
I do awesome job.
I make city huge.
I am Goblin, peace, I out.
I'm American.
I'm from Pittsburgh.
I am Goblin, peace, I out.
Goblin, Goblin, Goblin, Goblin,
vote for me.
Goblin, peace, I out.
Out.
Hey everyone, it's me, Bradley McAnaill.
Letting you know that I'm running to be your next mayor
of Rennerton.
I think you all have a super look,
and I think you should all be on Dancing with the Stars.
You look super fit.
Heart emoji, heart emoji, heart emoji.
So vote for me, and I can be in all of your DM.
I'm Randy McNally, and I approve this message, Rennerton.
Come on, show me what you got.
Let me see it.
I love to see it, plutonically.
Hi, I'm Gio Buglin, proud to be your next mayor.
I'm not just a politician.
I do things a little differently.
Hey, my hair is blue.
Whoa, for too long the people of northeast, northwest, and yes, even southwest Rennerton
have suffered under government that only cares about themselves.
It's like the Byzantine Empire.
I need those pleasure gardens.
As alderman of southwest Rennerton's third ward, I was there when the train derailed
for the 20th time, and I was the one who said enough.
Let's hold the munch-cut railway system accountable to the fullest extent of the law
if there's a reason.
Gio Buglin, I'm a cool guy.
Hey, my hair is blue.
Hey, everybody, I'm running for mayor now, and I won't eat your babies.
Together, we're going to make people do the little moves and stuff
and how big the buildings will be big.
I want to eat the whole city, and I will with your help.
Nobody's ever given me a fish, and that's not nice.
But we can if the kids can do it.
Give me fish, kids, I'll eat it.
Look at that, and I'll eat those too.
So why not?
Come on, we give me this whole building.
It's gonna be fun.
But I'll tell you what, other people won't be to not eat food,
but I want more.
Meanwhile, all this delicious gas is not being swallowed by my lungs,
and this lady said this isn't a thing that shoots food, it's a gun, and I said,
try it anyway.
So that's why I won't be stopped.
More than 40 people have told me that they want to get me cheese,
and they did, and I didn't even pray for it.
I just put it inside this guy's stomach,
and store extra food in that guy's stomach.
I will nuke you all if you don't vote for me.
Gimme it!
I'm Papito, and I get approved this message.
Yaaaaaay!
Hey, Kendall's calling.
One second.
I have to take this official mayoral business.
That was the ghost of Lady Kendall letting me know that her ghost is still in the race.
Alright, let's send it down to the news.
One of the few institutions we tolerate in this town.
I was going to be covering who's apparently going to be potentially your mayor.
It's me, spoiler alert.
Vote for me, I'll keep us on course.
Don't even stress about it.
There's some nos.
Well hello everyone, it's me, Handem Squidward.
Squidard.
It's uh, Gaelic.
Good to see everyone.
It's been a minute for some of you, I'm sure.
But democracy waits for no man.
Or maybe we're the ones who vote.
Either way, tonight is a momentous night.
Perhaps the 20th election here in Rennerton.
I've lost track, we've had so many.
Salazar has to make an appearance tonight.
Well, after you vote for this mayor, to set up for the next election,
you can nominate a mayor through a series of confusing polls.
But for now, a fairly simple poll.
We have five options on the ballot tonight.
And I will be, unless we have a mod in chat that wants to do it,
I can go ahead and enter those options now.
Who will be your next mayor?
If you don't know who any of these are, don't worry.
Many of us citizens don't as well.
It's a confusing system of elections here.
Occasionally we outsource the nomination process
to a different news network.
Where no one even lives in this town.
Anyway, the returning champion, Shamrock O. Johnson.
Of course, Lady Kendall.
Papito.
September.
And the hype train.
Yes, of course. How could I forget the hype train?
Fantastic. There is of course a $69 voting fee.
If you'd like more than one vote, it is a pay to vote system here in Rennerton.
We love the freedom of capitalism.
Let's check it out and see how it goes.
The polls are now live.
Oh my, we need some election music for this.
Two minutes to decide the fate of our entire town.
One second.
As always, my producers are completely asleep.
Alright, democracy is at work today, folks.
And I can't wait to see if democracy comes through.
Right now it's a tight race between September and Lady Kendall.
Lady Kendall, of course. A ghost.
A ghost of a seemingly still alive woman who just isn't around.
September, a confused salamander.
And Papito is mounted a comeback.
Papito for some the favorite.
Shamrock O. Johnson at this point.
But an Irish whisper.
A sad memory of a man that no one cares about anymore.
The hype train also significantly trailing at this time.
For my part, I'm going to try to move this poll up so you can see it just a little bit better.
My God, this stream has gotten way more confusing since the last time I moved stuff around.
We're coming into the finish line here.
Who will possibly take it?
There's no time for me to even fix this poll positioning.
Just know the bottom option is hype train and it's not doing well.
It's an incredibly tight race between the ghost of a lady and a dog.
The ghost of a living woman and a dog.
Who will be our next mayor?
Papito or Lady Kendall, it does look like Papito at this time, despite promises to eat the town, to steal everything, and to own all the food.
Does seem to be, and I might be able to project this.
Yes, we are calling it at this time.
Your next mayor for eight years is seemingly a despotic dog.
And I for one welcome our new little guy as our master and commander.
I'll give you whatever treats you want and if I can stop wearing this golden coat, I will.
But if you leave it on, that's fine too.
I'll do whatever you want.
We are your servants here.
I'm getting told in my earpiece that Papito does want to leave the coat on but doesn't want to wear the tie.
And he also said to take it up a button.
Whatever you want, sir. You're in charge now.
And I for one wish you all the best, whether you voted for him or not.
Papito is now your mayor.
So let's send it to him and see what he has in store for this town.
The great town of Rennerton in the year of 1990, our Lord.
Thank you so much for the follow.
By the way, Horselia.
Horselia, we're Horseling to the future under the stewardship of Papito.
We send you back now to the mayor's office.
I just shrink the whole office down.
Made him smash up all the walls and shrink everything.
Because I'm just a little guy.
Good to see everybody.
And he votes were actually eating.
A lot of my stomach suggested that they were for me.
So thanks everybody.
Let's play dog relaxation music while I marry your town.
This doesn't look that hard to me.
Oh, I feel so relaxed.
It's calming my nerves and my desire to devour.
I've heard. I have an assistant here that feeds me water.
I'm Rennerton water with your human hand.
So much journalism to get to.
You know what? I'll take a quick press conference before I begin the mayoring process.
This should be easy. You just gotta get more people to show up.
This throne is throw some like handy on the ground.
And everybody will come right away.
Nobody's gotten this now. Tell me, but I'm gonna fix it.
You buy smashing things.
Okay, let's see what your questions are.
Okay, why did you try to take Rusty Rhodes title at WrestleMania?
It was a question I had for the last guy.
We'll never know. I guess.
Is that fair to say?
Okay. How many clowns will you have in your cabinet?
Things discussed to me.
Okay. Are people just hamsters?
Yeah.
There's little guys just sitting there.
There's little guys just stuff your cheeks.
You want to run around?
You want to sleep in piles of wood?
Your official statement as the mayor is that you think humans would like to sleep in piles of wood?
I think prove me wrong. You want little wood bits to sleep on?
I can make that happen. We're out of trees, I've been told.
We've got a no tree policy here.
Because it gets in the way of the metal.
But I'll find some for you guys.
And I'll spread them on the ground you can sleep in them.
That is an improvement over some of our living situations actually.
Okay, I'm just going to keep firing from the hip if you don't want to move on.
All of you humans look the same to me, whichever one you just keep asking.
Wow, okay.
Well my name is actually Uncle Phil 2K.
Wow, I don't need to name them.
How do you answer the charges that your administration has been price gouging all brands of dildos and flesh lights?
People would like to know.
I just got an office.
I don't know you went up your little fleshy humans.
And I don't care where your dildos do or don't.
Whatever inside you that's been my official stance all along.
But also charge whatever you want for the stuff you jam in your body.
That's just good business.
Are you pooping?
Well you just gave me the idea.
So I will be soon.
I mean, you don't want the cannon shot.
Don't say fire.
Sir Papito has promised us more cheese in our hospitals.
Local bars.
Pretty much he wants to turn the entire city into cheese.
Is that true?
What do you say? Do you want to turn the entire city into cheese?
You just gave me the best idea.
You are officially in my cabinet.
You can no longer be a reporter.
You are now vice president of making the buildings cheese.
Oh my god what a huge promotion.
Right now I work for Tiger Beat Rennerton.
You're with Tiger Beat?
The DJ?
No the teen magazine.
Oh I know a Tiger Beat DJ.
Anyway, it's a huge honor.
Okay someone else please.
Some other fleshy human needs to answer my questions.
Oh wait your question.
And whatever.
We'll see who questions who here.
Am I doing mayor?
I'm trying to be a little mean.
Because that is what the mayor seemed to do.
Is that what a mayor do?
You there.
Oh my god he's asking me a question.
Oh my god he's asking me a question.
I don't know.
Oh wow you didn't take that well.
You good boy?
I've been told yes.
But I'd love to hear that I am.
You good boy?
You good boy?
I don't know.
How will Pepito redecorate the bunker?
Well I mean I've already added a lot of sense to it.
For a dog smell is 90% of the redecoration process.
And I have started.
Big time.
Eat the dang town Pepito.
Oh I've got the mandate of the people.
Fantastic.
This is good I don't have to ask questions.
I'm going to say the stuff I want to hear.
Good work human.
It does smell a lot like piss in here entity.
But it kind of always has.
And I can't claim that I'm not at least partially responsible.
You are gross.
You're gross.
And that takes a lot for me to say that.
But you have a gross vibe.
I like it.
How many worms are in your butt?
Hmm.
I'm just fumbling around with my ears.
Stop it I don't want your stuff right now.
I did. I actually did.
How many worms? I don't know.
I think it's one really big one.
I have a big old worm inside me named Clank.
Yeah I got a big worm I named it Clank.
Cause I heard that that's what you name your sidekicks.
I mean one of them in the future.
Hmm. Okay.
Next question please.
Is Pepito going to leave his piss smell all over the mayor's mansion?
I believe I already answered that.
With the piss I left all over this room.
I've been trailing piss all over the city as you may have noticed.
Yes sir.
Okay, final last question for me.
Are your friends with the kaiju that keep destroying my town?
Yeah. Those guys are nice.
You guys are all too stressed about your buildings getting busted up.
It's fun.
It's fun when they get smashed.
If you have a good attitude about stuff then everything works out.
Okay a couple more. Let's do one more round from the...
Don't point for me.
You over there.
Are you there?
You got a question for me and Pepito the dog?
You have an idea you know that?
I'm extremely aware you've become lord of the town.
What the heck is going on here?
Ah! I summoned my familiar. The pointer.
There we go.
Yeah you there.
Wait, I'm answering it. Wait, I'm asking you a question.
What the... This guy doesn't know what the hell is going on.
Are you a good boy?
That question is not for Pepito.
That's right.
That's me limbo truck. Anybody remember me?
Someone surprisingly did.
I'm amazed that you remembered your own name.
Some stuff sticks with you.
So you're not no comment?
No comment. I'm the only good boy here and I refuse to acknowledge another.
Very well.
Which Reniton business has the best testing?
A tasting garbage?
Oh this is a really good question.
Hmm...
Probably...
There's so many glue factories to choose from.
And all of them have incredibly good glue waste.
But I would say it's gotta be the horse-slaughter-and-sneaker farm.
Oh that's an excellent choice if I do say so myself.
The horse-slaughter-and-sneaker farm produces some of the most vibrant...
...Refuse.
Yeah I don't even really understand the process or why you need to slaughter the horses to make the sneakers.
But I won't deny that I like the smell and the taste.
What color is your lipstick?
And finally...
A loop-de-loop twisty way.
You took my amamination as mayor, your ban.
What if I told you that I'm Rob Elvie?
I call you...
Another human, I don't know. Which one is that?
It's actually not me.
I stole it from Rob.
Sorry Rob.
Weird.
Okay well look, we'll get to these other questions.
But I don't feel like it.
That's the usual policy of...
You're honestly fitting right in, Pepito. Excellent work.
Yeah I get it. Listen, I get it.
I've made stuff before. I jam on the buttons at another thing that I don't get.
And I get that I don't get this which means I get it.
So I'll continue to get it for all of you. Let's go get some more people to live in your weird structures that you are so obsessed with.
You'll fill up all the metal things you made with people.
And then give me more stuff please. Thank you. See you no more question.
No more singular question.
Oh the flashes don't work again.
Okay whatever. Bye bye.
You guys, everybody's just stressed out about that. That was easy.
Okay now it's time to prove how other easy stuff is.
Everything easy for me.
We make the town so stupidly big.
Play my dog relaxing music. I need to relax.
This is a- I'm a dog of peace that bulldozes. I'm a bulldozing dog of peace.
Wait a minute it's frozen. Humans! Oh no my remote.
It's not working at all. Why? Did it freeze? Is this working?
Okay let's check our configuration. This is exciting.
Input configuration. D-A-Y-A-R-C-L-R.
Sorry, can't see it but I'm configuring a-
I'm configuring this human remote. I'm gonna save and reload. See what happens.
I'll save it in slot 9. Did you save me? And I'll close everything.
See all the- I don't actually understand anything I'm saying but my instincts are so good.
Working it! Okay, look at this. I did pee on the software. I peed on the whole place.
I peed on this- peed on this laptop. I peed on that baby. I peed on that weird painting.
Ooh the taxes are at 0%. That seems fine to me. I've seen no reason to ever have taxes.
I wear Shep Shadow! Thank you so much! In honor of you. No taxes for anyone.
All of the money's been given with a fight! Subscribing to the town? Does that give us more residents?
Either way, I'm going to use it to make more schools destroyed.
All funding goes directly to bulldozing every school that I see. Let's look at some data that I don't understand.
This is so rel- Whoa, this area is not- If red is bad, then this area is like when I accidentally eat a sharp metal.
And this area is also like accidentally eating a sharp metal for some reason.
Oh, it's because of all the crime! Okay, let's do some policing.
All cops are buddies. Is that what that stands for? Anyway, let's make a bunch of cops.
What was this? Oh, park? I need a cop. I need cops! Let's make all crime legal!
That's such a good idea! Never mind cops! You are now criminals!
And it is your duty to do more crime because it's actually considered polite now.
Filling every available space with parts. Why is there even available space?
Someone failed to fully stuff this city with metal. And that was their mistake.
There's really not a lot of room. Everybody loves parks.
If anybody spots a school, be sure to ring the alarm bell because that thing needs to be destroyed immediately.
I may be a dog, but I certainly understand education is dangerous.
Dangerously not a person living in a building. A school!
Ow! Do dogs still love fire hydrants? Oh, do we have fire hydrants?
I mean, I won't say no to a fire hydrant. I know it's kind of a stereotype. I will piss on one.
Sometimes, you know? When humans are right, they're right.
I mean, I do like to piss on everything. Yeah, I am running out of land.
I think I can't really have more, though.
I can't really reduce the Rennerton River to about as small as it can get.
Or should we just fill this? Does it matter if it's actually like a net?
Can it just be the Rennerton Lake? Because I'll fill in this spot and put a freaking building there.
Oh, and so many landfills. They're begging me to destroy the remaining land.
They're practically begging me. I don't know how to...
I don't know how to be some way to get amazely 70,000 people to move here.
70,000? Well, humans to move here? Why not?
Oh, I'm the kaiju. Huh? Okay.
Yeah, all these kids are getting a street education. That's what makes you cool, anyway.
Learning a thing is pretty lame, actually. Learning stuff? Gross.
Rick, why is this like this, don't you? What if I just bulldoze at this tall thing?
Is this needed? Is this enough space for more? I think it's not, maybe.
What if I just bulldoze this whole bottom area and just... I'm gonna try it.
I'm gonna bulldoze all this.
Because I feel like our industry is strong, but our condo industry is lacking.
Lacking 30,000 people to move here. Correct.
Okay. Now we add a little buffer zone here of a couple commercial buildings.
Oh boy, malls right next to your power... right next to this industrial sludge.
Are there clown schools? Those aren't allowed either. You have to learn to be a clown on the street. Sorry.
Zero schooling tolerated.
No! I don't even know how we turn a profit. We have zero... I think it's just our amusement parks.
We have a strong amusement park economy. A strong casino amusement park economy.
I may not have taken economics classes or any because I think school is evil.
But even I know. You build an amusement park? You don't need taxes.
It's just that simple. Yeah, we're basically Orlando, but better.
I don't see a dog marrying Orlando. Need an airport.
Does one really need an airport?
Oh my god, what is this? Does he even have power?
Wait a minute, maybe we don't want him to have power. Does this one have power?
I think we don't want it, do we?
I think maybe we should say bye-bye to this guy to depower our airport to prevent dangerous plane crashes.
I'm remembering the advanced tactics. Okay.
And we make a nice little park. Thereby eliminating all the pollution.
Oh, even better. A full-on park. Right here. Money!
Oh no, it repowered that building I can't have that I failed. Bye-bye, sorry, I blew it.
Do I have infinite parks or something? Oh, I think we have an infinite park cheat on.
Either that or I received so many parks that I've just parked out.
And here's what we do.
Relations gone down? What'd I do?
In the entire industrial district? I'm here was a mistake.
Maybe I just have to be patient. Who this dog?
Who? Zero taxes.
What year is it? It's 1991. I love the 90s.
See, but I don't know how to grow the town at all. In fact, I shrunk it.
I accidentally shrunk it a lot.
Okay, well, while we're waiting for just people to wise up and move here in huge groves.
Let's run a little poll. I'm told that this is required.
Elect the mayor.
Chat? You type exclamation point O and then put the mayor you want.
And then the first five, that's the rule, the first five get to a denominator.
And then you vote and the one who win is a may is elected to run to mayor.
Vote now.
Donald Trump, Kendall, who's still gone.
Peter G. Here you go.
Munch and tunnel dump.
Donald Trump could end up running against tunnel dump. That's huge.
We'll get it. I don't know.
Oh, wow. Kendall looks like she's really going to run away with it.
She's not here just so people know.
She led the city due to its incredible industrial waste.
She was inspired and said I need to bring this gospel to somewhere else.
But she is running for mayor.
Oh, also crumbs going to run if we get two more subs.
Just so everybody knows that one apparently is not negotiable somehow.
I guess it was written in a constitution on the town. I really got it.
But I also don't know what constitution town or any word means.
I'm like a AI and then I don't have any reasoning skills.
Somehow my brain just produces words.
I am a dog though. This is like rough. There's like a big Mario statue.
That's fun.
People laughed instead of coming. That's crazy.
And look, nobody likes this part of town. They hate it.
They fucking hate it down here.
Spots they could go to but nope.
They're like, there's so much pollution here.
Let's look at our map again.
Yep, I did build residential areas in the worst part of town.
That was my bold initiative.
I said if people live here it'll be a better part of town.
I have faith in the people.
Oh, the land valley is really high down here for some reason.
Oh wait, no it's the lowest it can be.
What's this one?
Oh, the police are down here for some reason.
That's what's the problem then.
I just need more cop.
I've heard that people love more cop.
I green hair. Who even knows what he's talking about?
You go away now. And you go away now.
And you become cop.
Now everybody gonna wanna live here.
Ever got the first 24 hours to stream?
I did though. I don't have a good memory.
I have a dog memory. It's past.
It's a good thing I'm playing this soothing dog music
or I would be barking at everything.
Damn, strategies could I possibly use?
Please town, rather must be something that
does anybody know how to do good jobs at things?
People moved in.
Oh, I got two.
I got the poorest most destitute,
most hard ridden people.
Desperate for any place to live and they moved here.
It's a huge win.
Maybe they want schools and hospitals.
You don't understand town building, I'm sorry.
I meant anybody, what the fuck, a hospital?
A full hospital down here?
The first thing that moves in is a hospital?
Well, I'll wait till the other stuff fills in,
but as soon as it does, that hospital's gotta go.
Look at these ones. These ones suck too.
Why do these suck so bad?
Be better, I'm telling you to be better.
Maybe they need a... arc?
I think when these meanies are parked in the middle,
they happy.
A park for you?
Maybe it's all these casinos.
Maybe there's a...
Maybe I put too many casinos next to each other,
but don't people like casinos?
Maybe we lose one.
We can just build on that thing,
so maybe instead of casino,
one residential area right next to police station.
Why is the town statue the one and only Fiona, my mommy?
Because she is my mother,
and I must pay homage to my mama.
Hello Fiona.
Look at Fiona Nova.
Is there a Tony the Minotaur statue?
I don't know.
I don't think so?
But I mean, I'll bulldoze stuff
and then I'll make one show up.
My main skill is bulldozing?
Look at this fucking hospital.
Why is it there?
It's 1993 by the way, in case anybody's wondering.
Welcome to the 93s.
Okay, well,
we're not seeing any hospitals to bulldoze.
Maybe we just have too many cops in some places now.
Like, do we need all these cops?
We're not making amusement parks we have.
That's crazy.
That's the crazy of us.
We don't need all these amusement parks.
Let's bulldoze, like, some of them.
Like, this is nuts.
I think we can lose three of these
if they were more houses.
Sorry, Disney.
We're supporting you, but we're making the park
more crowded and thus more profitable.
That's what they like, I've been told.
How are Rennerton water rats?
Water polo team doing?
Oh yeah, our mascot.
Remember our mascot?
Rennerton water rats.
With their beautiful met...
Wow, that guy looks familiar.
He's a fan of local sports.
Oh, should that immediately became a hospital?
Can I see a school?
Alright, time to get to work for the city.
That's...
Oh my god, I think I'm coughing up faster
than I can bulldoze them.
Get away from these schools and hospitals.
The people hate to learn and be healed.
Our precious wounds teach us who we are.
Yeah, it's my nose, good human.
Oh, the people in this part of town must be so angry.
There's condos that could have friends in them
and there's a hospital.
They're sneaking in.
Hospitals are crossing the border.
They're taking our jobs.
Our jobs are to live in buildings.
There was another hospital? I missed one.
Yay, it's tax season.
Congrats, zero taxes for everyone.
Just make sure to go to all the amusement parks a lot.
The Papito Recovery Plan is working perfectly.
I may have lost for now 6,000 citizens,
but I also have to think about it gained 4,000 citizens.
And would you not trust the dog to do that math?
Because I just did.
Oh no, I'm halfway through my term.
It's 1994.
It's almost over halfway through the 90s almost.
But look, I made a full-on slum down here.
I'm a slumlord, I did it.
Pretty soon I'll be able to get rid of this hospital.
That gross hospital.
Oh my god, somebody point out that there was another one.
And there it is.
Sorry people, that's why this part of town refuses to grow.
There's too many.
I'll still leave it another.
Let's get trying to get rid of crime, I guess.
Because everybody's like, I don't want to move here.
Blah blah blah.
I'm dumb.
Well you know what you get instead?
An amusement park.
We're stuck at 520 Smith.
We almost made it to 530,
and now I bolt those our entire industrial district.
And somehow that didn't help.
South Rennerton.
What's wrong with this part of town?
I've decided I hate South Rennerton.
And I'm the first one to decide that.
Hearing is easy.
You just listen to soothing music,
and you bolt those hospitals.
I don't know why certain humans get all stressed out.
Start calling Turkish politicians.
They're like, please, I need more money.
I'll do anything.
I need a turkey.
No, relax.
Just bolt those hospitals and schools, humans.
Hospitals, see?
Look, some more mayoring in action.
Bye bye.
Sometimes a perfectly good condo mutates into a disgusting hospital.
Basically eliminated schools, though.
Okay, let's elect another mayor.
Er, sorry, nominate.
Exclamation point O is how...
you nominate a mayor.
First people, five people to do it, get it?
And then we vote.
Add options now.
So far we have Kendall.
So you don't really need to nominate her again.
But you can.
Oh, now.
Oh my gosh, Mr. Glory Class.
Don Reggels, SMG, and Vince McMahon.
What a murderous row.
Someone's gonna win this.
But does anyone really win this?
The question I ask myself sometimes.
Here's a question.
Do stadiums do anything?
I know that it's all Rutterton.
They love stadiums in Rutterton.
I said all the humans keep saying it.
I say I don't understand words so it doesn't matter.
Maybe I should bulldoze all the stadiums.
I should take some questions soon.
It's already 1995.
And the winner is...
Kassim G.
Kassim G and Kendall running for mayor.
Just to be clear, Kassim G.
Also very much not here.
But, you know, I'll see what I can do.
I get a lot of people on short notice.
50th-grade lost citizens.
Is it impossible?
Is this impossible?
So many hospitals down here.
And a school?
Oh my gosh, what is wrong with South Rennerton?
It's a wash in hospitals and schools.
I feel like there's no point in bulldozing them until all these fill up though.
Alright, I'm on the hunt again.
Hospital hunter.
Dennis Quaid is at a Trump rally?
Are you having fun?
Are you having a Dennis Quaid-y time?
Another school?
Not for long, not on my watch.
Third shooter.
Third shooter from the hip.
Because he's so honest.
Martin Schor should have gotten Meg Ryan.
And Biffle.
Everything would be different.
I'm glad I have a little amusement park up here.
This is Papito Land.
One amusement park just for me.
Maybe I need another airport?
Is there a museum more than one airport?
I don't know how to get to the level we need to get to.
This is crazy.
I got cops everywhere.
Look at our map.
Look, the cops see everything now.
Except for this.
This is where we do our crime.
We do need a place to do crime still.
And we've supplied that for everybody.
The traffic density is fully dense.
The pollution is
politely
and exclusively around the side of the city.
Where's my land value?
The town's still broke as hell.
How do I make it valuable?
Do they need a stadium?
What do I do?
We need to nominate another mayor.
We're gotten into election season already.
This is crazy.
You know the real X-Mage.0.
I'll be on the ballot no matter what.
The previous mayor is always on the ballot.
We'll nominate four.
Feel free to vote for me and eliminate someone.
Then there's less people to run against.
And I win even more easily.
We're still making money.
We kind of don't need to make money.
Oh my gosh, look, it's filling in down here.
Slowly but surely we're recovering
from the people I lost.
Immediately.
Justin Powers, Pappito, Uncle Phil 2K.
My wet pillow guy.
Trippy Bee, Tripp Fadstein.
Uh oh, is it a tie?
No, it's Uncle Phil 2K.
Well, that'll be interesting to see what that looks like.
Okay, only one more nominee to decide.
Finally we have to decide it probably in 97
because we're approaching election season.
But we got some questions.
Now let's take a little break from all this difficult mary.
We're back up to 525.
Okay.
Game speed is already maxed.
Alright, let's take some questions.
We'll take some questions now at this time.
Ah, my soothing music.
I have to prepare myself for the press.
No, I can't be too relaxed.
Let's see who else is down here.
Okay.
To the press I go.
Okay, bye bye.
We'll see you in a second.
Bye bye.
Doctor.
Doctor Pappito, what will your policy be around ending a...
I'm not French vampire.
Okay.
Okay, that's fine.
Doctor Pappito, what will your policy be around ending
a hundred additional fire hydrants
to the Grand Orton Park?
I'm in favor.
That's my eyes blow your mind.
I'm in favor of that.
Okay.
How will you stop Rob LV?
Is Baldos whatever music park he's in?
We have so much. Many of them.
And I love to Baldos.
So I guess I'll kill him? I execute?
Ah, I can't really...
can't encourage that.
Okay, well, best penalty.
Wow, very extreme.
Okay.
Pappito, are you stinky?
Yeah, big stink.
What a fun one.
Honestly, kind of a rock star stink.
I've been told
everybody wants to sniff his ass.
And other parts.
It's a sniff best every time I show up.
To a place where people with noses do stuff.
Hmm.
Hi, Pappito.
Yes, I'm still talking to you.
No question. I just wanted a moment with you.
All of this was just...
All of this was just...
Just to spend a little time with you, my friend.
You have a way of living that I find
enticing.
For too long I've been a tiny
French vampire.
And I would like you to bite me
and turn me into one of you.
Do you think everybody can just bite
another person and turn them into what they are?
That's how I assumed it works.
That's why I avoid getting bit by
fish because I would not like to be
a fish in the sea.
I don't like to be a fish in the sea.
I don't like to be a fish in the sea.
I don't like to be a fish in the sea.
I don't think that's how it works, man.
Come on, just give me a little bite.
I mean, I'll bite you, but
I don't think it's gonna do anything other than give you
a real weird infection.
Yeah, the weirdest one when I turn into you.
Let's move on.
Let's find somebody else.
You've now made me feel odd, sir.
Oh, a fellow dog.
I guess you. I couldn't help but notice
you have dog ears. Would you like
to answer?
How does it work? I forgot how it works.
Can you just say stuff at me, please?
Please?
What's your plan for the uneducated
orphans in town?
I thought you were one of us, man.
I thought you were a dog.
I'm a dog.
I just would like to know
what your plan is for the orphans.
There's so many.
There's people in those schools
and those hospitals when you bulldoze them.
Like a lot of people.
A lot of people that need to move.
Yeah, and what's your plan?
Next question.
Okay, well look, I'm Uncle Phil 2K.
That's not possible. You can't
all be Uncle Phil 2K.
Well, look, I'm here once again.
This is owner Pepito.
Would you be willing to surrender
the office of Rennerton Mayor to me
for the price of three cheese wheels?
A bag of cool ranch Doritos
and three-fourths of a rotisserie chicken.
Wait, what?
Wait, read that again?
Doritos, rotisserie, cheese.
Oh, yeah, sure. Never mind.
Sorry, I was not paying attention.
I should have, because 100%
Yeah, you can have it.
Where is it?
I don't have it now, but...
Okay, well bring it.
I'm holding this town ransom until you feed me.
Let me just get one more in.
I'll loop-de-loop twisty-wee
in that podium you're using. That's my property.
I've actually been Rob Elvie.
I'm Rob Elvie.
You can't help...
pick a lane with you.
You're Rob Elvie, you're Uncle Phil 2K.
Are you a dog?
I can't even tell anymore.
Who's a what-so-wee?
Wait a minute. Are you Rob Elvie?
You do look a bit like him.
I actually have.
I'm Rob Elvie.
I actually have.
I made that dog read that for me.
I made that dog read that for me.
But really, the question was from me.
But really, the question was from me.
Rob Elvie and I got one more question for you, actually,
Pothito.
Do you like to drink battery acid?
Do you like to drink battery acid?
Yeah, that big.
Would you have some?
It's like Gatorade, but it makes your throat way crazier.
It's like Gatorade, but it makes your throat way crazier.
I was threatening you.
I'll give you battery acid.
Don't threaten me with a good time.
Where is it?
That'll hurt you.
Nope. That will give me electricity,
which is what I need for my bones to grow.
How much battery acid have you ever...
You can't have eaten that. You'd be dead.
I've had a lot. I've had a lot this morning.
I'll put some in my coffee.
Because I don't like coffee.
Okay, Touche, you win this round.
The Pito's Mayor Administration
and Broiler and Bribery scandal.
Where's my bribe?
Where is it?
Get me it.
You're openly admitting to being bribe?
I mean, I'm openly admitting to accepting them.
I need one. Give me more.
Surely you guys aren't going to vote for this guy.
That'd be crazy.
You're openly admitting it.
They probably will.
I win them. Pretty cool.
Okay, you give me one more.
I'll give you one more.
Do you chase after cats and squirrels?
Quit teasing me. Do you have battery acid squirrels?
Rotisseries? Cheese?
What is with this? Do you guys have any of this stuff?
Thank you. Ask me about crazy warning shit.
Okay, no more questions. I'm getting in a move.
I can see why people get upset with them.
Because they talk about food and they don't have any.
Isn't that?
I'm going to be honest. That sucks.
Did people move in yet?
Please?
I want to stick to the little guys in my buildings.
Electrolytes are dying of electricity.
Yeah, it's all health stuff.
We're just trying to do health stuff here.
This is so slow. Where's my soothing dog?
Oh, yeah, we need one more.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone on under just Mama Jam 500 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
After seeing the great benefits of Peppit-O's Merrill style,
I will direct that secretary to Bulldoze hospitals and schools in the south
so they too can be replaced by Hazard amusement parks.
Yay! We're doing such a good job.
Oh, wait, am I really quiet this whole time?
I might be a little quiet. Sorry.
I need to boost this bad boy.
Let's add some gain to this stream.
Woo, there we go. That might be better.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la. Okay.
Sorry if everyone's speakers were turned up.
Now they shouldn't have to be as much?
Probably.
I'm gonna make it even louder.
I think louder is safer.
Yeah, there we go. Now I'm real loud.
Let's peak this bad boy.
I'm so quiet. I know he's accepting the improv.
He's in my administration.
Let's select another, let's nominate another mayor.
Dominate the mayor.
Another mayor.
Dominate a mayor, please.
The year is 1997.
I typed it wrong.
I typed false Paul.
To be fair, I'm a dog and I don't even get how typing works.
Sorry, everybody. Now it's a lie.
These fingers.
Fiona Nove. Peter G.
Fiona's dogs. Fiona Nova again.
And lubricant chef.
A lot of strong options here.
Many, many people that aren't here.
A lot of options that kind of can't even happen.
Lubricant chef.
Ruby chef.
Oh my God, we're gonna hit 530 maybe.
My plan is working.
There's no need to get rid of me ever.
Let's go into this extra railway.
Instead, let's have an even more park.
Lubricant chef is the final nominee other than me.
So we have Lubbshaft Kendall Chassum
and Uncle Phil 2K.
What a day to be alive.
None of those people are people I can get.
So vote for me.
Oh, I can get Lubbshaft actually.
Who that keeps on giving.
Oh my gosh, what happened to our beautiful railway?
This is probably the reason we're not losing citizens.
We were very briefly at 530,000.
We're so far away from 600,000.
We were honestly pretty close, but it's not growing very much.
But don't tell people this, because they need to vote for me so I get more stuff.
I get so many perks.
As mayor, they put water in a bowl for me and I get fed every day.
Dude, can you imagine people living like this?
Only mayors.
That's a brag.
But I get water in a bowl and food every day.
I'm pretty much big, I'm big whatever that has been big.
I'm doing big stuff.
There's no more schools.
It's not as fun being mayor when you don't get to hear the screams of the children while you bulldoze their school.
Like why even be mayor at a certain point?
As mayor, Uncle Phyllis is his campaign ad by the way.
I will unburden us from all that has previously burdened us before we were burdened.
Well, I'll actually add more burden.
I'm trying to really stretch this town to its absolute limit.
Bird in the land with even more people.
And let them just live and live how they want free and crazily.
Nobody's even living here at all.
We're back up to 5.30.
Yeah, like stretchy cheese that I could be eating right now.
Like stretchy cheese.
That could be me eating that.
Where's my assistant?
Someone give me more cheese right now.
Anybody?
Do I have an assistant?
How does any of this work?
Damn it.
I gotta do a campaign rally.
It's time to do a campaign rally ahead of the big...
ahead of the big stuff that I got about the big election.
I'm gonna trash thank you so much.
I can see everything now.
No taxes.
Before my big campaign rally it's important to remind the people of the things I offer.
No taxes.
All those.
Other.
I also do other.
Okay, this is no longer a time for relaxing.
This is now a time for campaigning.
Let's send it down to the big ol' stadium.
Oh, and also I need you guys to write all of my campaign talking points.
You... I don't have a writer.
So you have to fill out my teleprompter please.
Cause I don't know how these people lie here.
I'm a dog.
Has that been clear?
What? What's wrong?
I didn't even do a press conference.
I'm a dog, it's my point.
I'm not going there, I'm going to the stadium.
Hello everybody.
It's me.
Your favorite thing that runs the town.
And I'm running it all over the ground?
Into the ground?
There's ground still.
Look, I think we should stop having elections and all future...
future mayors be the air of Pepito.
I am advocating for a return to monarchy.
For mayorate.
You got a better idea?
I doubt it.
Can I even read is a question people ask me.
The answer is no.
Not at all.
Don't worry, I can't read.
King Pepito is what the people cry out.
King Pepito.
And with your powers combined, I am Captain Pepito King.
Glory Pepito.
Pepito World Order.
AKA, wow.
Things that they like.
Wow.
N-P-W-O.
Isn't that good?
Pepito will open the portal to monchions.
I...
You guys probably know what that is.
He's here for a long time.
I will get raided by Danksos if you vote for me.
I'll get six invaders into this town.
And we need every invader we can get.
We've got 70,000 people to try to make show up here.
Rennerton, a district that banned fluoride and snow plows.
And I'll continue that brave tradition.
No snow plows for anyone.
In fact, no snow.
And barely any rainfall.
Continuing arid and plague-like conditions for everyone.
Thank you.
Thank you, yes.
Thanks so much.
Oop and cheese, everyone.
What do I always say?
Oop and cheese.
To make swirl go round.
Square makes all the poops happen.
All the big cheese times happen.
Oop and cheese.
Oop and cheese.
And now we end this with the traditional
Rennerton rap.
Give me a presidential beat, please.
Give me a Yankee Doodle beat.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
A Yankee Doodle type beat, please.
Mm-hmm.
Continue to...
Continue to give me some campaign promises, please.
A phyton.
Campaign promises, I got the need, please.
Taco Bell.
Everyone.
Every single human under the sun.
I'm going to stuff you up till you feel so follow.
Stuffing them up like a gordito.
Woo!
Imagine just joining right now
for the first time.
I am.
In a sense, cause I don't have good memory.
Every moment is my first time.
Woo, woo, woo.
I can never lose.
Every single person who said that was saying fake news.
Papito.
I only speak the goddamn truth.
I'm the hottest.
I'm even hotter than a poodle.
Draw on them bitches.
That's not that's a Yankee Doodle.
Urgent Papito because I never had sex.
Staying pure before God
because I am the best that's right.
I'm making a Christian turn
because that's a way to get elected
is something I learned.
Okay.
That includes the Rennerton rap section
of the necessary election stuff.
And we send it back to me
in a different room.
Thanks everyone.
It's hard doing stuff for the people.
You gotta smash all her buildings
and you gotta talk to them about it.
Mm-mm.
Okay.
Did anybody join her in town during that?
No.
I'm a fast old dog.
That's true.
Time was different.
Time is like time in the show lost here.
In the sense that I've lost a lot of time.
Here.
Mm-mm.
The people are too.
They're so needy.
They're like, my house collapsed
and you did it.
Ease.
Who else would have done it?
Somebody had to collapse your house.
Mm-mm.
Okay.
It's February.
Seems like a perfectly good time
to really pop off with campaign season.
So, just to refresh myself.
Maybe I'm like a ghost.
Kendall.
So, Lubechef probably.
And...
Cassum and Uncle Phil 2K
who's kind of running out of...
He's running off of chat.
Anyway, let's check out some ads real quick
before the election.
It's an important part of democracy is running ads.
So, let's set it down there real quick.
To the commercials.
I'm Chris Billhog,
and I've designed the world's wettest pillow.
My wet pillow.
No human can sleep.
And I've tried every pillow on the planet.
And most of them weren't wet at all.
But I guarantee my wet pillow is so wet,
you'll get the kind of sleep you can usually only get in a swab.
I used to think sleep was torture.
I'd wake up on a dry pillow
with my neck feeling like it had just been shattered by a mallet.
But my wet pillow saved my life.
And I'd rather die than ever not ever have it again.
Thank you, my wet pillow.
Look how much water I get when I squeeze my wet pillow.
And it's still got water for days.
But when you squeeze one of these generic pillows,
I get practically no water at all.
Woo! This pillow is wet.
I can't even keep it dry.
It refuses.
Jesus Christ will be so mad at you if you don't get this pillow.
It's only 3899 times 10,
and if you don't get it, you'll die.
Please order today.
What's up? I'm Clint Triple with Skillshare.
Thanks for watching this course preview.
I'm a photo retoucher with decades of experience
specializing in corporate headshots.
My clients include the world's most influential politicians,
hedge fund managers, CIA assets,
MeraVingian aristocrats, you name it, I've retouched them.
These are VIP clients with exacting standards
and monstrous true forms,
and all of them need to look as human as possible.
That's where I come in.
I can give you the skills necessary to take a raw photo
like this to a finished product like this.
High-end corporate photo retouching is an art form.
It's not all about applying masking filters to lizard scales
to give them flesh tones.
Anybody can photoshop a bloody corpse out of a boardroom.
But I can give you the skills necessary to take abstract cosmic entities
and give them a near human shape.
I love this stuff, and I honestly can't wait to teach you what I know.
Sign up for Skillshare Premium and let's take your skills to the next level.
I'm Lady Ken...
I'm Lady Ken Doll.
I'm a ghost trapped in a Barbie, and I'm running for mayor.
That's confusing that my name's Lady Ken Doll,
because I'm a ghost trapped in a Barbie actually.
And every year that I'm in the Barbie I grow bigger beard.
I don't get it either.
Listen, I'm here to be mayor still,
just because I'm a ghost trapped in a Barbie
that every year gets a little bit more of a beard
doesn't mean I can't be mayor.
But other people are saying it does mean that I can't be mayor.
What's up with that?
And what do they want to do with all this pollution?
Not have it? More of it?
I think that all sexy girls should get guns.
But Papito says they shouldn't.
He thinks they're treats.
Well, bullets aren't treats.
They're non-edible things for violence,
which I'm in favor of, and I actually am against prayer.
I'm one of the few candidates that will ban the church
as they take up too much space.
I say nuke all the churches.
I did it already in other places.
I'm not Papito. Stop saying I'm Papito.
I'm Lady Ken Doll.
I'm sorry for the editing errors.
Thank you, 2K. Thank you so much for the eight months.
Well, you see those other people trying to run.
We're just straight up ads for something.
And then Lady Ken Doll.
And then there's three other ones.
I don't know.
That's Lady Ken Doll.
I'm as surprised as you.
That's what we got.
That's what we got.
Anyway, it's almost 1999,
so I need to send it down to the news.
It's important to stay in touch with electoral politics.
So let's send it down.
For election night,
and remember to vote for me.
The only dog who wraps and will destroy
everything that I can.
Well, what another momentous night?
Eight years passing in the blink of an eye, it feels like.
But for me, it actually moved in a normal pace.
It's been eight years I've been through a lot.
Got divorced three times.
Two of my kids
found her to college,
even though none of them ever went to college.
But that's my life, not yours.
We've got an election to get to.
And let's run back through the candidates
as I fill out this poll.
I'm actually the number one election moderator
and number one newsman.
Hand them Squidward.
But backwards.
Who is your next mayor?
Let's get some suspense music going.
Dun dun dun.
Whoa, scary already. I'm already scared.
Election suspense music.
This is sort of more ominous than I was going for.
But you know, elections are kind of scary actually.
A lot of the time.
Lady Kendall, who seems to be
a ghost trapped in a Barbie that's growing a beard.
Kasem G.
Almost certainly not the Kasem G you're thinking of
just to warn everyone.
Uncle Phil, who will have to mayor from chat.
I think it'll just be Kasem and Uncle Phil will mayor from chat.
Lubechef and of course, Pepito.
Who will make it to the top of the pot?
AKA, sometimes we call our town the pot.
Because it's just like a messy stew there.
Everything gets destroyed, overcooked.
I'll be honest, I made that up.
No one's ever called it that but me.
But I'm trying to make it happen.
Anyway, the election is live.
Who is your next mayor?
Get some presidential music going.
Incredible stuff.
The election is live.
The votes are pouring in.
Lubechef taking an early lead, but can he maintain
against the stiff competition of Kasem G,
Uncle Phil 2K, and Pepito who's the bottom option there
that you can't quite see on screen.
But I can see it.
And I can see that Pepito is doing actually kind of well
given that incumbents actually seem to have a disadvantage
and a disadvantage in Rennerton.
The rare Rennerton incumbent disadvantage.
Kasem G jumping ahead of the other competitors.
Despite not being the Kasem G that does stuff
with a guy named Case Blackwell and is, you know,
a famous YouTuber.
It's not that one just to warn you.
And I'll be as surprised as the rest of you
when we find out whichever one it is.
And maybe we will find out.
Or maybe Uncle Phil 2K can round to come back.
It's still anyone's race technically
in that it is a pay to win and vote system here.
For the low, low price of 69 channel points,
you can put your finger on the scales of voting
for whoever you'd like.
But right now the one that people like seems to be Kasem G.
As we get down to the final moments,
can anyone pull ahead of the juggernaut
that is, Pepito has mounted a comeback.
Pepito has managed to mount a comeback.
Can he get the rare Rennerton repeat win?
It's neck and neck.
Kasem in Pepito down the finish line.
Who will it be?
Will someone randomly research due to an incredible dump
of points from some psychopath and chat?
Oh my God, it's the closest it's been in a while.
Kasem G, Pepito down the finish line.
Like some kind of racing animal.
I can't think of one right now.
Oh my God, it's Kasem G.
Kasem G has done it.
Congratulations to Kasem.
Not the one you're thinking of.
A different Kasem.
And we're gonna have to figure out who that is together.
But congratulations to the complete unknown.
Kasem G, pull a rabbit out of a hat here
and see what that even means.
I'm just trying to solidify a few things over here.
Okay.
Kasem G, congratulations to our new mayor of Rennerton
for another eight years in 1999.
It's bringing us into the year 2000.
I hope that Y2K thing doesn't wipe us all out.
But it could.
In the meantime, let's set it to a quick commercial
and then we'll return you to your mayoring already in progress.
What's up?
I'm Chris Bill Haas.
I'm Sean.
Thanks for watching this course review.
Let's see if Haylee Reeves
has what it takes today out here on the course.
Level one she's off to a strong start.
Oh my God she's dead.
She's totally dead.
Herman making it look easy
and Haylee Smith stood and he turned alive in the acid.
Ryan Percik McDeep, in the course.
Devon burned in the ground.
Special guest recording artist Marshmello,
I got it exploded over 11 major Dominator. Oh no. Oh, unreal.
Sorry everyone. Just checking in real quick. It's me case Blackwell.
We'll have you. We'll have your new mayor up for you in just a second. Right after this.
Let's see it.
Our SMG.
Our universe.
My SMG is really honored to get into this big election for y'all.
Family name of mine, SMG.
I'm excited to run this town. It's everyone of you.
I'm not even a man for the people of people.
Make a place big as I can get it.
God, my lips can never be wet enough.
There's one thing SMG knows is that you need wet lips to run a city.
I'm going to keep the streets wet as well as my lips.
God is good to be a king.
Okay, let's get into this.
I'm Casem G. I know a lot of you don't know me.
I run the local horse slaughtering sneaker shop.
So to some residents I'm a local celebrity.
I also used to interview people on the street, not in front of any camera.
Just kind of run up to people and I'd say,
You want a sneaker? It's me and a horse.
That's kind of what I'm known for.
Maga filter.
This is our new hat. This is an acronym.
This stands for do up nice chill extremely.
That's my motto. Do up nice chill extremely.
That means dress chill, dress cool chill chill extreme.
Look good chill extreme.
We're going to make it happen.
We're going to make it happen.
I'm Casem G.
Okay, let's get into it. Let's get some fucking music going.
Can I get a little music in here?
This is the same music I slaughter horses to.
No, that's not what I want.
This is not what I wanted.
Hell yeah. Here we go.
All right. I'm going to start crying if I'm not careful.
This is the strongest me you're so emotional.
This is Casem G's favorite song.
What the hell's always been ringing of our,
why is not all of our roads getting worse?
That boy's a dog been running this year, Tom.
Well, the dogs are now to Casem G is in.
Mayor Casem G is here to get what the hell Texas is already.
I do love this song.
Honestly, I don't for a fact case loves this song too.
I have a son named Case.
He's a piece of shit.
Oh, I see why this is wrong.
Let's fix that.
And a photo of a fucking thing that I fuck nor is time to fuck my friends I fuck them.
Why is this town growing?
Don't they know the new areas Casem G?
Come on.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What's up?
What's up, Papito?
It's the former mayor.
Come to apologize.
Listen up, Jack.
Uncle Fulgrup just mime a jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
I have the following comment from former mayor
candidate Uncle Fulgrup, frankly, in this election.
Now we challenge the results in court if we're in and still had any court houses.
As I've been taking up too much space, we bulldoze all them courthouses.
We judge Dread around here.
The cops have judged Jerry and the caterer because we don't pay our cops well.
So they also have a lot of them outside catering businesses.
That's industry at work.
Casem G in the house.
That's right.
Casem G got a mayor all night.
I don't know what the fuck's been going on this time, but it needs to grow now.
Get bigger.
This is what the other candidates are afraid to do.
Get bigger.
More people come here now.
Oh, come on.
I should now show them.
God, God, God, God.
God, I love being mayor.
Casem G.
My life is beautiful.
A fucking plane.
Look at this.
Can I bulldoze that?
Bulldoze the plane.
All the lasers.
What are you all looking at?
Fire the lasers at the plane.
Stop blinking at me and fire the lasers.
I've been told we don't have any lasers.
I got sleep apnea, but I've got the waking version just so you know.
So if I make any noises, just know that I have waking sleep apnea.
First bulldog disease for the lambs.
Where the fuck are the people?
They're coming too slow.
I want them here now.
Skyburn.
Good work.
Now you're part of the Casem G.
100,000 airs club.
That's my club.
I don't want it.
You know what?
I don't like this stadium.
Get the fuck out of here.
Make some room for building.
Hey, we'll have to get a new waterfall, old team.
Yeah.
I got two stomachs, by the way.
And one of them often barfing.
Often making me almost barfing.
I have a condition where I have two stomachs.
I have to eat a lot of stones,
tell them my digestion will end up.
So you see me chopping on any stones?
Because I leave no stone unturned.
I'm only four hundred people a moved here.
This is how it's found.
Who gave power to our airports?
Where is it?
That one doesn't have power.
Oh, it doesn't.
This doesn't make any sense.
Oh, he reaches a cross-run goal?
Shit, that means I gotta run against Crumb now.
Dang it.
I don't want to do that.
I don't even see the plane crash.
Where is it?
I don't think there was one.
For the reason of this plane crash,
I've been greatly exaggerated.
All right, I'll take a couple questions.
The press keeps reporting about this plane crash.
I don't believe it's even happening.
Dang it.
All right.
And this time I'll be taking a few questions.
Let's go down to the press corps.
Oops.
Hit the wrong button.
Ah, stop it, dang it.
I'm KSMG and I'm a penis.
Stop it, no front-hows.
You there.
Is it only going to pee on another dog's territory?
I'm just going to rattle off.
Look at all my questions real quick.
How do you respond to the demolition of all our schools?
Everybody denying our children of the first rights?
Amendment and also the pee thing.
Motherfuck.
I think I'm in, I don't know.
I don't, ah, if it's illegal to pee on another man then
well why don't they even go to boarding school?
I'm KSMG.
Okay.
What about the first amendment?
Right.
There's a right to free schools?
I don't know.
I don't, we don't want to do that here.
That's because they need to learn how to make their own amendments.
That's what I had to do as a young KSMG.
Okay, you say your name a lot.
Is that a Pepito?
This is for Pepito?
Is he still around?
No, I'm the man.
Okay, how do you justify your appointment of Kevin Perere to the post of Rederton Drugsar in that case?
Particularly if he impounded a full truckload of illegal drug products,
he saw a page to his RV and then he drove off to boarding man.
Huh?
What, that's your answer?
I think you and Pepito did that.
That's question.
Okay, where do the candidates go when they leave office?
Do they get cryogenically frozen?
They get sent off on an iceberg.
I have to ship them to Alaska.
It's a little over an iceberg.
What happened to your voice?
You were Southern.
I'm still Southern.
What's wrong with this guy?
I'm KSMG.
I don't think I want to ask any more questions.
Can I get someone else?
If you dare.
If you dare.
Let's see what else we got.
Sorry.
I'm playing the lottery on the side here.
I'm just running my numbers real quick.
How's you there?
I just had some guy.
You remind me of myself.
Where do the candidates go when they leave office?
Do they get cryogenically frozen?
I'll reach the stars by you piece of shit.
Get out of my sight and ask another question.
There's been word around time that a wild candy man
was luring people into a dirty truck and harvesting the flesh.
What are your plans to catch this person?
So I let him do his thing.
Let him do his thing.
Let him cook.
People like candy, we need a way to bring, we're losing citizens every day.
Every day.
We need more, not less.
When are we getting chip and dals?
There's a distinct lack of the gentlemen's clubs in this city.
Never. I refuse.
I hate bow ties.
I lost my brother died to a bow tie.
What? What happened?
He got all tingled up trying to die and then it stringed them in the crib.
Oh my god, he died as a baby?
Why was he trying to put on a bow tie as a baby?
No, he snapped in the crib until he was 26 when he died.
Weren't you southern? What is going on?
This is my voice. I'm gas-um-gee.
Geez, alright.
Is Pepito Italian or Latin?
The dog.
The what type of dog?
Oh, there's a pollution warning by the way.
Good, great news.
Okay, he's Italian.
Are you sure?
Yes, he's an Italian animal.
Next.
You there.
I'm the same guy.
Still the same guy.
What will you do with the illegal cats and dogs moving into Redditan?
They are eating our children.
They are eating our elderly.
The dogs are eating the people.
The dogs and cats, they're eating the people.
What are you going to do?
Join them.
Join them in eating people.
Are you trying to lose?
I will eat a people load of what I live here.
Come to my man's office so I can snack on you.
What the fuck is wrong with this guy?
I'm gas-um-gee.
One more question and then honest me.
I've had just enough of this gentleman.
You're very odd-looking.
I think you're handsome.
Oh, we got him.
We got him all.
Great news.
I answered all of your questions.
All right.
Well, thank you.
A further question that everybody settle down.
Settle down if you don't want me to eat you.
Get your idea.
Get your idea.
You're my two pets.
Okay, no more questions.
Nailed it.
Absolutely nailed it.
That's how you deal with the breast core.
Do what nice, chill extremely.
Anyway, what's going on with the town?
Shit, we're down 3,000 citizens.
Is it the fires from the plane?
There's no fires.
Why won't people move here?
I don't get it.
I'm gas-um-gee.
This isn't fair.
Please move here.
What's it gonna take?
I need a song.
I'm doing my best.
I didn't bet anyone ever could.
Time to nominate some more mayors.
Nominate my next snack.
Ah, shit, I typed it wrong again.
This is taking me back.
But to put some attitude on this era.
Let's vote now.
Robe cups, dolly gym,
Peter G, a paper bag full of hope,
and Joe Clifton.
Been a minute by so much of the town without power.
Storm, this is a classic song.
The winner was a paper bag full of hope.
Good luck taking me out.
I'll never leave this chair.
You'll have to scrape my corpse off this leather.
I'm a spatula because I'm stuck to it.
No, no, my back's wet.
I'm losing citizens like crazy.
What am I doing wrong?
I've done everything for this fucking down.
You're raised taxes.
What's happening?
Is it because I bulldozed their stadium?
There's not a school in sight.
It's a paradise.
What more do we have to do?
I don't understand.
Maybe we gotta bulldoze more amusement parks.
Yeah, that'll teach the people.
Let's get rid of these wasteful parks.
Yeah, we have a lot of Paris will.
That's true.
They like this.
Bidin' to win.
It's 2005.
We need to elect another.
Right up.
We need to nominate another mayor.
And my throat feels good.
Another instant banger.
Sorry, YouTube pod.
You are never meant to last.
Joe Biden, Peter G.
Charlemagne, oh god.
Oh, are you gonna do that one?
Shit.
Let's vote now.
Gentlemen Raccoon and Chris Billon.
Really worried about the Charlemagne one.
That guy couldn't really stand a chance against me.
Gentlemen Raccoon is taking a lead.
I need to make some moves here.
I feel like there's like nothing to do to this town anymore.
Oh shit, who won?
I said I did not see.
I think these commercial buildings.
Shoot, who won?
Maybe I'll just say I won.
Oh, gentlemen Raccoon.
Fuck!
No!
We're the one who's probably gonna win.
God damn it.
No taxes as usual.
This sucks.
This fucking town won't grow.
I've been staring at it and nothing's happening.
Oh, this must be where the plane crash happened.
Well.
A plane crash is just an opportunity to bulldoze.
Honestly, the people I've enjoyed.
They're Cajinos and Ferris wheels for too long.
They don't deserve them.
Gentlemen Raccoon, I'll see.
We'll see how much of a gentleman he is.
I gotta start writing these down.
We got gentlemen Raccoon.
A bag full of hope was the other one.
Peter Jean.
Captain Planet's cousin.
The unknown.
That's a dangerous one.
People live off Africa.
This office has changed me.
There used to be a handsome southern man.
But have he is the head that was the...
...the two up nice chill extremely cap.
Pete Diddy.
Oh man.
I gotta make bigger moves.
We're not seeing enough around.
We don't need all these police departments.
This feels excessive.
There we go.
The winner was...
Oh wow Peter G.
Okay.
Sir.
All right.
If you like him so much.
What does he have that I don't?
Let me ask you that.
What does he have that I don't?
Suprets.
A neck.
You know he doesn't have a neck.
You're talking crazy.
Maybe I mean do something with Plant's Pills.
Look at this shitty little mayor's house.
Maybe I bulldoze this.
Yeah.
Shit.
We need our last candidate.
All right.
Last one.
Oh wait.
No.
Crumb's running.
Okay.
This will be for the following election.
This is for...
This is for the year 2016.
Let's vote now.
I forgot that Crumb is running.
Wow.
Munchy Joe is really out in the head.
Munchy Joe with the lead.
For 2016.
Munchy Joe it is.
Okay.
Time for me to hit the campaign trial.
Now that my opponents are all lined up.
Let's set it onto the stadium for just a minute.
So I can let these people know all the great things I haven't planned for this city when they reelect me.
Tat.
You are of course my campaign advisor.
So be sure to put all of my platforms into chat.
So that I can let the people know where I stand.
Okay.
What an incredible turnout we have today.
Look at all these beautiful faces.
I wasn't aware of myself.
You'll never get me Batman.
And he never will.
As long as you continue to vote for me.
Batman will never get me.
He likes it.
I can tell that you like it.
I refuse to endorse Munchy Joe's campaign.
He's a nude man who eats cookies or something.
Too abstract for me.
I like things realistic.
I'm getting there.
I liked Joker 2.
A little early for some of you because it's 2008.
But just know it's a very controversial film in the sense that most people hate it.
Me? Probably my favorite film ever.
Two restaurants have actually out-pizzaed the hut.
And I run both.
What now?
I need to be spanked hard and rough.
Are you mad enough to do it?
Then vote for me.
Munchy Joe.
A lot of people say I'm too progressive.
Everyone is saying this.
I'm the first person to get the town passed.
532,000 citizens.
And that's the most progressive thing of all.
Starting 2008, the economy is going to be great forever.
Looking forward to this year.
Ooh-ooh.
Ooh-ooh.
Yeah, I'm cute.
Don't get mad.
But most of all, Lamont Cranston is in fact the secret vigilante.
The shadow.
And now for the traditional Mayor Rennerton rap.
That's not a beat.
I need a beat.
Where's a fucking beat?
That's not gonna do it for me.
What is this?
What the hell is this?
Oh, well, whatever.
That'll have to do.
This'll have to do.
Turn it up.
Lastest fucking beat in my head.
Keep those campaign promises coming, Ted.
Because I'm a deliverer.
I'm promising that.
KSMG.
Here's some advice for free.
If you don't want to lose your children,
then you better vote for me.
Because I steal all the children from their bed
with their sweet bang, and oh, so tight.
KSMG sleeps in and he takes them all at night
so that I can drink the children's blood
so that I will live forever.
KSMG, yes, I have made the city better.
Let me get you a cake.
Give me some cake.
Let me eat that cake.
Let me slap them cake cheeks.
I'm a freak in the sheets
and I'm a freak when I'm eating some cake on these beats.
So give me that.
A dune cap for every single heart.
I will give you the dune cap
because I'm not a fraud.
I've been stealing all these kids.
Enough for the hate.
Dropping this economy on your ass like it's 2008
because it is.
It's a jacket, but that's how I live.
Hype trains in the chat and I'm hyped
and I give no fucks.
So that's what's up.
I'm KSMG.
And to put it simply, it rhymes with vote for me
and I will bring that pizza hot.
Buffet and breadcups.
So vote for me unless all your opinions suck.
You suck.
Chen at like your fucking curt angle.
Even though I've got no angle, I'm just saying you suck.
You suck.
KSMG, let me repeat this.
I give no fucks.
Bye bye.
Vote for me, everyone.
That was a very white rally, you're right.
I can't help it.
Who shows up for me?
But I have every vote I get.
Okay.
I guess it's time for an election.
I'd send it down.
Oh wait, no, we have to run an ad first.
We've got to run an ad for at least one of the campaigns, I guess.
So we got Peter Gibbon, Crumb apparently.
Crumb is running great.
Also a bag full of hope.
And somebody else.
Oh well, a gentleman raccoon.
And also me, the one that matters.
So vote your conscience or just vote for whoever slaughtered the most horses and gave you the most sneakers.
And I'd say I'm a shoe in for that one.
You know, because I ran the shoe in, bring a horse, get a sneaker.
Okay, let's send it to the ads.
I ain't scared, I ain't scared of a single god damn person on the whole freaking planet.
Reniton, it's Munch.
You really think you're going to hit Megalopolis while I'm not in office?
Don't you think that'd be totally fucked up?
I am this town.
Reniton, fun again.
Also, I think there's a secret cabal of people under the town.
I'm gonna expose them.
You want to see that whole storyline?
You got a vote for me.
Y'all need me back.
You lucky I'm not too upset to return.
It's meant to be, y'all.
It's Munch cut.
Y'all know you want it.
Bring Daddy home.
Daddy's home three, but also one because it's the past.
Well, well, well, looks like Reniton could use some change.
And I'm the change that never stops changing.
Grannling my change around.
Yeah, I recorded this ad in advance, but I wanted to give it kind of an improvisational vibe.
I didn't prep any of my talking points, but I'll tell you what, I will prepare this town to grow.
Everybody likes children, and I'm no exception.
You know, I don't actually love the way I said that.
My point is I'll put kids first because together now for us, we can do it.
But some people think that we can't and they want more trains to derail.
I wonder who that could be.
Maybe the guy who ran on derailing all the trains.
Look, I understand I'm not technically running against Munch,
but you don't understand how much it will fuck with his head
if I am mayor of this town even once.
So vote for me if you want to finally drive Munch over the edge
and see what other personality pops out of him.
I think maybe I can get my former best friend back if I absolutely mentally destroy him.
And that's the only reason I'm running.
I'll admit that.
It's gonna say vote for Papito, but just know that I'm asking for your vote.
I'm crumb.
Vote for a crumb.
Pretty sure I just saw him to another dimension.
And reality seems to be crumbling around me.
I believe I just saw one of the ancient ones who defies all reason.
But hey, maybe that just means it's election season everyone.
It's time for another vote.
We've got a stacked docket of candidates.
Let's just keep that freestyle beat going while I make this.
While I make this poll.
The year is 2008.
Was that a kaiju?
I don't know.
That looked almost human, but slightly too many eyes.
All right.
Who is your next mayor?
I think we might have one more election left in us after this.
And then if we can't make it to 600,000.
I've been told that because case took so long to stream today.
He's also planning to do this tomorrow.
Maybe he'll have some kind of plan for his mayors.
Where they can actually reach 600,000 because we've made almost no progress.
Can JD Vance be mayor?
Well, if you elect case, then yes.
That guy looks like fucking JD Vance.
I'm probably the first person to notice that.
Me and I'm Squidward.
Okay.
A bag full of hope is on the ticket this year.
So is the gentleman raccoon.
Also, shit.
I'm forgetting.
Well, I know Krum is.
And I know.
I know that.
Kasem G is the Kasem G probably the most face.
Famous Kasem G.
Most famous person on this race.
Kasem G.
And then there's a fifth one.
And I am straight up forgetting.
I'll be honest with you.
If anybody knows.
Munchy Joe.
Of course.
How could I forget?
Look, I'm not always the most accurate newsman,
but I do care the most about the news of this town.
In the sense that I'm the only news guy for this town.
We've got a bag full of hope.
A gentleman raccoon.
Krum.
Kasem G.
And of course, Munchy Joe.
Unfortunately, just below the scroll there.
So you can't quite see it on screen.
Just know currently a gentleman raccoon and Krum
are creeping up the charts.
Who can run away with it?
Krum, who has promised to mentally break
our longest running mayor.
Who is mayor for seemingly hundreds of years?
Which gets more confusing the longer I live.
I've also been alive for hundreds of years though.
So I get pretty crazy with it.
Anyway, Krum plans to drive Munch insane if he wins.
Gentleman raccoon.
A total unknown entity.
As is a bag full of hope.
Although the name seems to subscribe,
seems to maybe sound like an improvement
over some of our previous mayors.
Our most recent mayor, Kasem G.
Seemingly embracing being a full-on villainous frogman
that eats children.
A bold campaign strategy that doesn't seem to be paying off so far.
And of course, Munchy Joe.
Who I, of course, predicted would run away with 100% of the vote.
Unfortunately so far has barely any of it.
Only five votes for Munchy Joe.
Right now it's a tight race between Krum and Gentleman raccoon.
Some have accused Gentleman raccoon of being a surrogate for Munchcut.
Whosome claims still has influence over all the politics of this town.
That despite his professions otherwise,
he's still deeply invested in the outcome of every race.
And puts his finger on the scale of every event that happens here in Rennerton.
I wouldn't know.
I'm just the most influential news person in the city.
Krum running away with it or running a dead heat.
Hard to say right now.
It depends who feels like spending channel points.
Gentleman raccoon and Krum though,
seem to be the main contenders right now.
Although you never know,
Kasem G could always mount a comeback.
Except he didn't.
At this time I will announce officially.
And I'm proud to do so.
Finally, Kremten's former mayor is joining us here on the better side.
Of what actually used to be, I'm told, at one point, one town.
But apparently at some point in the 1800s,
there was a war between the two.
And they split.
Like some sort of conjoined twin being hacked apart at the center.
Well, maybe we can mend that rift by stealing one of their mayors
and having them run the town hopefully not into the ground.
I for one welcome Krum.
Excited to see what he has in store for us.
I've heard, I'll be honest with you,
a lot of bad things.
But it seems like people hate him more than what he does.
So maybe he'll have some good policies attached to just a disgusting guy.
I'm happy to be proven wrong or right.
Let's send it back to the mayor's office where Krum is standing by.
Sorry everyone just setting up Krum really quick.
He'll be here in one second.
All right.
Looks like I'm finally in the big seat.
I always told him.
I always told him.
If I wanted it, I could take it.
And it looks like I'm taking it all.
I'm taking it all nice and deep into his psyche.
I'm deeply penetrating his psyche by taking it.
Get this man some coke and a gold Desert Eagle.
Do they all wear this gold jacket?
Because I just I only have so many jackets.
I thought I'd wear my worst one to me or the worst town.
Yeah, spoiler alert.
I don't give a fuck if I get reelected.
Okay, the amount of shit I've taken from this place.
When I was mayor, when I was mayor of Kremten,
they used to just kill a bunch of birds and then mail them to us.
They'd mail us sacks of dead birds.
What kind of prank even is that?
You're just slaughtering animals and not game animals,
by the way, bald eagles.
They would send a sex filled with dead bald eagles as a prank.
You're just doing animal murder of an endangered species.
Anyway, fuck this place is my is my would be my take.
You get what you give, Rennerton,
and you've given me nothing but a fucking headache for hundreds of years.
By your time scale, whatever that is.
Thank you so much for the rage, ShapeShifter ships.
They got me?
I mean, they got me upset for sure.
Almost two years, let's freaking go.
Right, dear, in the strike zone.
Normally this is a pair.
I'm told a news channel.
I can't tell because I happen to work with a complete buffoon.
But thank you so much for the 23 month ShapeShifter ships.
Let's see what's this town has going on.
Uh, my guess, a big fat load of nothing.
How about that?
How about that?
Let's get some music.
Let's get some grooves going.
Yeah, here we go.
Let's get some Marvin Gaye up in here.
They feel a little randy because I'm about to fuck this town.
Whoa.
Somebody just let a fox into the hen house.
And I'm about to show them the pick.
Water.
Although I don't want to, I mean, I don't want to do too much damage.
Let's see if I can.
There's some design issues here that are kind of glaring, I suppose.
I guess I could.
I'll get to the fucking in a second.
I'm just trying to get the lay of the land real quick.
Just sort of bringing in more revenue than they actually need.
And frankly, you don't need this many stadiums.
You're what you're really trying to do is maximize residency.
It's actually pretty obviously interrupting kind of a flow here.
If you want to maximize space, I mean, fucking this town.
Sorry.
Sorry that the devil's here.
Why don't they have any schools or hospitals?
The year is 2009, by the way.
Well, I do think it would be healthy to have some taxation.
It's not even running entire town off amusement parks and casinos.
A reasonable tax rate would, I think, do this place some good.
Man, I'm looking pretty.
I got to dig the official Mayorial Rennerton look.
They're looking kind of good.
Yeah.
Don't want to stick.
That's not what taxes are.
That's not what taxes are.
Give me a break, Griggo Trash.
Okay.
I see they attempted to develop their industrial district into residential zones.
I don't know if that's really going to pay off for them.
Now, you don't want to eliminate all the stadiums.
You don't want to lower the value of the land too much.
There's many parks.
Just don't know how many stadiums you need.
Optimist night, great to see you.
We're on the slow march to hopefully 600,000 citizens.
A feat that if I accomplish, I suspect we'll mentally devastate much.
Now, look at the people of Rennerton have been absolutely horrible to the people of Kremton.
So just know I'm not going to pull any punches here.
I don't plan to be.
I'm not going to give them a gentle touch.
But also, I just have some ideas.
You know, a couple ideas for some civic designs here.
They're anyway, they're anyway here.
What if we just close up the river?
Got a whole other line of construction in here.
Or we could at least extend this.
Yeah, that sounds kind of smart.
Well, this could drop the population temporarily.
But you got a couple of landfills here could really pull you off.
You don't need a large channel to have it be a river still.
If you manage it, we don't have enough landfills.
We don't have enough landfills.
Shoot, did I just boulder those unnecessarily?
Should save actually.
In a second, I'm going to save.
By the way, if you have any questions for me,
you installed canals and little boats, it'd be a positive cultural force.
I could see that adding something to the town.
We save the game position real quick.
Okay.
Kate Kyoko, thank you so much for the 18 months.
You find you joined us just in time for someone to finally
a show, Rennerton, who's boss,
by improving their infrastructure and growing the town.
Really fucking them up.
Okay.
All right.
Great.
That helps anything.
Oh, landfills.
Crazy how that works.
All right, let's, uh,
if I got it bulldozed, uh,
I guess you got to bulldoze these.
I'll bring them back.
Don't worry.
Obama and I are Kirk, our chill, man.
But Obama's an old Krim head.
Oh, do you have to fill?
Oh, you can't partially do it.
Oh, wait, I did it.
How did that?
Look, oh, it's because there's shit in the way.
There's still some shit in the way.
No, thank you, Skymer.
You are absolutely correct.
Oh, but there's nothing left here.
Don't do this to me, Dan.
Please.
What's its objection?
I don't understand.
Maybe I, oh, that seems to work.
What does it think is here?
I don't get it.
Well, okay.
Eggers can't be choosers.
There's going to make kind of a weird residential zone here,
I guess.
Better than nothing.
I'd assume this doesn't look good.
I feel like we could use this area so much more efficiently.
Let's try this.
We're dancing.
We're dancing.
Yeah.
Now dancing.
We're dancing.
Yeah.
Well, look, we got, we eat out a little bit.
We have to do two more buildings there.
That's high quality oceanfront property right next to a nuclear waste zone.
That's some classic property right there.
We might hit 540 under me.
So imagine what I could do if you give me another eight years.
Not that I want to marry this town for eight more years.
I'm just saying, think about what I could do.
Not that I want you.
I do love Ted dancing.
Beautiful chin on that, man.
Honestly, one of the all time chins.
See, this is the only place where they have schools and hospitals.
That just doesn't seem like 2010.
Uh, hospital much?
It's 2010.
They also have an incredible amount of casinos and police stations.
Like, do you really need this super cop station right next to all these casinos?
I think they could do with at least a few less casinos and police stations.
Look, I'm nothing against the hardworking poison blue.
But I just mean, you know, if we're desperate for space, I'm just expression myself.
I'm feeling Chernobyl today.
I'm feeling Chernobyl.
I'm Chernobyl.
What if you woke up in a world where Christopher was dancing and Ted was walking?
He blew my mind.
Wait, what did I just do?
I didn't do that.
Somebody, I didn't even touch the controller.
Can I not set the tax rate here?
What's under the tax rate?
Was it zero?
Is there like a swear to God, I didn't touch the, it just shot down to zero.
My aides don't give a shit.
They're staring at me.
I thought this was an office.
Thought we were all working together, but I guess you're just not going to tell me what's up.
Stop telling me to blow those all the hospitals.
There's almost no hospitals in this town.
Like, look at this.
Finally, you're getting some hospitals.
The people are desperate for hospitals.
That's why I mean, I built some residential stores.
They immediately became hospitals.
Not your Rennerton.
Well, what does everyone have against hospitals?
You're going to, I swear there's going to be a time where you're going to want some.
Like, look, if I, I just don't know, I don't want to hold those properties to make room for hospitals, but
I'm sorely tempted because
you know, we're dangerously low on hospitals.
Like, we have so many casinos and no hospitals.
Sorry, but I didn't bulldoze one of your casinos.
I actually know that he owns one of them.
He owned that one, but it was condemned.
It's been around for nearly 40 years.
So actually it was falling apart.
And one of our inspectors let me know that we just had no choice but to bulldoze.
Party bunker.
What does that mean?
And why are there so many buttons here?
What do these buttons even do?
Oh, what do I do?
Oh, looks like somebody's been holding out on me.
Yeah.
Look, I'm in favor.
I'm not in favor of a mayorial glut like this.
This is an unnecessary expense.
I do plan on condemning this entire party structure,
but it does mean while I'm done here, I want to have a little bit of fun.
Okay.
How do we get back up?
How do we get back up?
Whoa.
Why does he have this?
This is a local town hall.
He thinks he needs a rapid elevator, deep subterranean safe room.
I hear we have a question.
I'll be taking questions shortly, actually, because
after getting the lay of the land here, I have some thoughts on how some of the expenses,
about some of the revenue in this town is being used by its duly elected officials.
I'll tell you that much.
I'll tell you that much.
Okay.
What the heck?
The way this building works, very confusing.
I'm going to go out and let me say very confusing.
I'd like to point out that I am the first mayor to pass 540,000 citizens,
that I'm actually the first mayor in the last, I'd say, roughly 16 to 20 years
to increase the town's citizenry by 10,000 citizens in simply four years.
Maybe it's actually not that hard, Rennerton.
Maybe it's been a little hard headed.
And I know I've been giving it to you, but I take it as good as I give it, just so you know.
So I'm going to go down to our press corps right now.
I'm actually in favor of a free press, so I don't have any problem answering their questions.
So let's get down there and see what stuff the citizens want to know about.
But at what cost?
Well actually, I've cut costs.
So, definitely at a profit.
Hello everyone.
The famed Rennerton press corps.
Well, I think I'm a little, I think I'm more than capable of handling this actually.
So this doesn't need to be like it's been with some of your, well, they shut that off all at once.
You can take more pictures if you'd like.
No takers?
Seriously, take all the photos you want.
It does not bother me.
So.
Yo, whoa.
Yes.
Um, you there?
And President Take from, how long will you take?
Will it take to remove the name Munchcut from every dedicated building?
Well, the process has already started.
What's your name?
Okay.
The process has already started.
Um, in many of the buildings that he's marked with his name, he did not build.
He's not on a deed.
Uh, and when I talked to the owners, they didn't, there was no request from him to put his name on the building.
So, if his name is on your building, you're within your rights to remove it.
And I'm happy to set aside some city funds, frankly, to help remove what is
realistically graffiti on your buildings.
I understand he gave you best free LED signs that have his name on it, but
you don't need to leave those up.
And many people seemingly don't want to.
So you're welcome to remove those.
Uh, yes.
Any more questions?
I think I got lost in the lobby.
I'm trying to find a doctor.
Is this a hospital?
It really hurts when I look at the sun, sir.
I didn't imagine for you you're looking at it a lot.
Yes, I can't seem to stop.
I'm also looking at everyone behind me.
But a lot of me is looking at the lights straight at them, and I'm incapable of blinking.
Has anyone else experienced that?
Are you from here?
Born and raised.
Born and raised by a mother with six nipples.
Beating me the freshest runnerton nipple milk.
Strange way to put that, but local customs, I guess.
Um, look, you need hospitals.
This place desperately needs them.
We've actually increased hospitals by an infinite percent since I moved here because
there's finally about five.
But for a city of this size, you're, they're very small hospitals and we do need more.
And I know there's been some pushback on having more.
I know there's been some pushback on having hospitals.
But think about what I'm saying.
You're pushing back on having hospitals.
There, I'm glad you get it.
You don't get it.
What are you not getting?
You need hospitals.
Good.
I gotta do it either way.
Thank you.
Anybody else have any barn burner questions for me?
Yes.
Whoa, yes, you there.
I'm assuming you're also from here.
Burning roast.
Burning Ray, sure.
Something's wrong with my water.
I used to get this nice crunchy brown sludge and now it's transparent and tasteless.
This guy, what I'm wondering is what the fuck did you do to my water?
Uh, well, I have added a couple of filtration plants along the river bed,
very minor lean or interrupting real estate,
but frankly, you don't have high quality real estate without a little bit of infrastructure attached to it.
My water tastes like nothing now.
It's like I'm drinking nothing.
You there's a taste to the water.
It's honestly a very intense taste.
The water is still, as I pointed out, not safe to drink.
Please, you need to for now, I've set aside funds for water bottle stations.
It's safe enough to bathe in briefly, but for the love of God,
you've already done enough damage to yourself.
Do not keep drinking the water.
Please.
Well, luckily I'd saved some over the years.
Look how little I have left.
Oh, tastes like my mommy's breast milk.
Why do you remember the taste of that?
I don't know, I mean, she doesn't produce as much as she used to, but
what are you against Rennerton cooking now?
Do you have any other questions?
Well, I'm Turk Tuggler, and if you were from here, you'd know that.
Okay.
Well, anyway, I'm with the Rennerton Semi-Annual Quarterly, Mr. Mayer.
Just how does a good hand game translate into fiscally sound policy?
Look, I've been on a different network where that kind of,
and I hesitate to use this term, but I'm trying to get ahead of it actually,
because it's 2014.
So I think if I say it now, it'll actually cut it off in the future,
and you'll understand later, maybe, why I'm saying it's locker room talk is what I'm getting at.
Oh, that, right.
I understand that.
Yeah, I thought you guys might.
And if anybody else says that in the future, just know
that excuse has already been burned.
It's locker room talk.
When I talk about my hand game, which is excellent, by the way, I can't,
I'm not going to deny that my hand game is excellent,
but I understand that it's not necessarily appropriate for a mayor to talk about it.
And that's why it's locker room talk.
And either questions my man from the Rennerton Mayer Annual Quarterly.
Whatever happened to the COVID PPL loans for Rennerton?
How do you guys already have COVID?
Are you on a different calendar?
I just don't understand what's happening here.
Clearly you don't.
Well, look, I'll review the PPL loans, but you shouldn't have those for about eight years.
Nine, seven years.
Crumb, crumb, the press wants to know.
I'm not getting, there's no horde for question.
Oh, okay.
You're getting out of it.
The press wants to know, what's your favorite party drug?
What's your favorite party drug?
Rennerton famously has plenty of drugs.
How do you cultivate?
You're finishing my sentence?
How do you cultivate?
Don't guess my words.
How do you cultivate the surplus of drugs?
Yeah, famously we have plenty.
I tracked that.
What do you mean by cultivate?
Are you going to, how's your motion going to be?
You going to be smooth with it?
With the drugs?
What's your motion like?
You mean cultivate like culturally?
Yeah, or like, Bob, what's your aura, man?
What year is it?
You going to get skibbity on it?
Okay, there's no, well that's where a lot of people buy our drugs is the skibbity slash
pig sneaker emporium.
Okay, let me get this out of the way too.
You guys do not need to sacrifice animals in order to make sneakers.
I mean, if they're leather sneakers you do, but you're not using any of the
meats that you're slaughtering to make the sneakers.
You're not using the hides.
You're just kind of like a pagan society sacrificing animals and then opening sneaker
packs.
You're opening manufactured sneakers.
Sneakers manufactured overseas.
You don't need to slaughter animals to buy cheap sneakers from overseas in bulk.
La-di-da.
Oh, I didn't realize we were in the presence of a lord, my lady.
Mr. Fancy pants.
How is that fancy?
No, it's not fancy.
You're, it's a huge waste of money and animal life.
Oh, should I have a spot of tea with my cumberbund, my lord?
If you're too good to slaughter a pig or a horse to open a sneaker pack.
Okay, um, is there anyone else?
I think I've given you enough questions, sir.
So if there's anyone else, uh, yes, you there.
What the hell?
Uh, Giggle Trash, thank you so much for the 100 bits to the campaign fund.
Do appreciate it.
He can see everything now.
Glad that Pepito's still here in spirit.
Did you have a question, sir?
In the interesting, we'll call it culturally questionable garb.
Crom, you all right, girlfriend?
You're ex-girlfriend.
You're ex-girlfriend.
Nummy says you don't pay child support.
Is that true?
My ex-girlfriend, Nummy.
I dated her in high school.
I'm with Belulia Krum now.
You might have heard that I'm married to the most beautiful woman in the world, actually.
So next question.
My cousin, uh, was using Munch's bus to Rundown Moldy Casino as a movie filming location.
Now that it's gone, can she use the May World Party bunker during the off hours?
Well, I'm a patron of the arts, actually.
Uh, unfortunately, the arts programs in this town are underfunded in the sense that they're
non-existent.
Uh, the last painting that was made was just by accident due to spilling a bunch of horse and
pig guts all over the street.
And it looked oddly like Tom Selleck.
And while I'm impressed with the luck of that one, um, absolutely, I'm relieved to hear that
there's any kind of artistic product at all being made in this town.
Uh, waiting for opinions.
Okay, well then in that case, I think we're good.
But that was a, what do you mean, answer waiting for opinions?
You're wha-
What, I'm not just gonna give you opinions.
Uh, why would I?
All right, thank you for your time.
You can take photos now if you'd like.
I could pose if you'd like.
Okay, no further questions at this time then.
Tough crowd.
Somebody call Colin Quinn.
I think that reference should technically be pretty contemporary because it's 2014 now.
Somehow it's now 2014 after that press conference.
Okay, looks like, uh, things are going pretty well.
Let's get our grooves going again.
Ooh, oh, these old creaking bones.
Shoot, we do need to get some election stuff going.
I, uh, always, I get excited for a good electoral competition.
I, I'm apparently running against little munchie Joe so far in myself.
And, nominate a mayor, everyone.
Exclamation point O is how you do it once the poll is up.
Nominate an mayor with exclamation point O, then we'll vote on it.
The winner is nominated for the next big vote.
Coming up in just four or two short years.
Strange eight-year election cycle here.
Fair enough, I guess.
A lot of cities kind of move at their own pace.
Mark Hamill, Bob, Batman.
So far, seconded on, uh, Bob, that's a good, he's a good guy.
Being honored to run against Bob.
These aren't developing.
These guys here aren't developing.
Maybe we actually could use one more police station.
Sort of a rougher area.
Maybe what people need is a fire department to feel safe.
All right, sleepy boy sneaking in after the Joker.
Excited to see what sleepy boy might have in store for us.
Running against little munchie Joe.
Oh shoot, you know, I never complete this.
Look at these hospitals moving in.
Excited that there's finally some hospitals in this town.
Sorley needed sleepy boy with the big W.
As we cruise to a potential 550,000 citizens.
I think we can do it.
Look, this is a tightly packed town.
But I think with the addition of a couple hospitals,
this town is on the come up.
Whereas I like to say that's right, the crumb up.
We have a good time.
Are you saying boo?
But I think we have a good time.
Love the hate.
No, it's in the name, actually.
Okay, how do I improve this area?
A little me this.
A little me this Joker.
I'm the Batman.
He didn't win though.
Is that the Batman?
Is he the one who smokes a cigarette and he looks like a penguin?
Is the Batman the one that smokes cigarettes and he wears a suit and he looks like a penguin?
I'm not that familiar with the Batman.
So or novels.
Is he the one that looks like a penguin?
Well, anyway, I think I think that's the Batman.
I'm the Batman.
See.
Okay, let's apologies.
We're going to relocate these people and we have actually already done that.
We've cleared these areas.
So when I bulldoze this, just know it's all kosher.
Everyone's safe and sound.
Or should I even would it even improve this area?
Maybe just their lack of hospitals and their proximity to a giant casino.
That's totally unneeded.
I think we get rid of the casino.
Maybe that's the biggest problem.
And that's another Munch casino.
So it's an old one that was scheduled for demolition anyway.
Oh, Batman is the one dressed like a cat.
He's the sexy woman.
He's the sexy cat lady.
The cat lady is Batman.
I see.
Okay.
Well, look, we'll just add a little commercial district here.
We're working with tight margins here.
I do think maybe I know people here love their casinos and their Ferris wheels, but
look, it's a little bit of a shame.
Look, if you're pre-people with respect, you don't need as many cops.
If you give people living wage and air and safe living conditions, I mean structurally safe.
Okay, let's set the tax rate.
Excuse me.
There's got to be another way to set taxes around here.
Why do I have 36, 8, and none of you have done a thing yet?
How much are all of you making?
You're waiting for Munch.
What does that mean?
You're on retainer for Munch.
How much is he paying you and with what?
Oh yeah.
Good luck breaking my fingers if I bulldoze another casino.
I'd like to see you try.
I took, I took, I'm an, I've taken Krav Maga and Tai Chi glasses.
That's a wreck.
So good luck.
In terms of, I don't have AIDS.
I have bouncers.
Let's nominate another mayor.
Nominate a mayor.
So far we have Munchy Joe.
Sleepy boy.
Myself.
We need two more.
How much the tank engine?
I've heard of that guy.
Invisible Ricky, Mards Simpson.
Munch.
Munch is still sneaking in.
I guess he's got a few supporters out there.
And then we'll see what the fifth one is.
Mards Simpson smoking a blunt.
Okay.
I could see that being a pretty big contender in this town.
For sure.
The population is stagnant.
The population is stagnating just a tad.
Love to keep that growth moving upward.
I have my town improvements worked at all.
Lot of police stations here.
This seems a little excessive.
We're going to restructure this just slightly.
We bring in a little more commerce.
And it looks like invisible Ricky and Munch have tied.
Oh, we might have to actually do a runoff.
You know what?
What I'm saying, they both made it.
That way we don't run on the pole.
Wait a minute.
Oh, wait.
I take that back.
Munch doesn't deserve that.
What do you mean?
That's not legally binding.
Legally binding in what sense?
Okay.
My aides are saying it's legally binding because I'm live on...
Allmearing is done here live.
Okay.
Invisible Ricky and Munch, I guess are on there.
Along with Sleepy Boy and Little Munchie Joe.
There are different kind of aid skimer.
Can I get a freaking break?
All right.
It is election time.
It's actually officially election time.
So the year is 2016.
And that means it's time to hit the campaign trail.
For all my crumbheads out there at look.
Talked a lot of trash eight years ago when I first took office.
And those eight years absolutely flew by.
It's not that I've forgiven Renderton for all the things that...
Honestly, I was shocking amount of the citizenry I've directly done to me.
It's that I can see that it was coming from a place of manipulation, of course.
Via a very misguided man.
And I do think I could actually do the town some good if I stay on for another eight years.
Not that I'm hungry for power.
But anyway, you are actually my campaign managers and writers.
So if you don't mind putting some platforms in chat that you think will really jazz the crowd up.
Campaigning is a lot about showmanship and finding the right way to say the right thing.
So let's get down to it.
And we'll see if we can get another eight years going in here.
Eight more years.
Eight less years.
What?
Great.
What a beautiful day.
Thank you to this very pale crowd for coming out.
Guys need to get some sun.
That's me being playful.
Look, I've had a contentious relationship with Renderton over the years.
You guys are responsible for killing a lot of my pets.
Just executing a number of my pets, leaving notes,
leaving videos in some cases, pictures, really admitting to it.
So one of my campaign requests would be stop that.
My goldfish have done nothing to you.
But with that in mind, we've seen a lot of growth here.
A lot of personal growth and a lot of population growth,
which I know a lot of you really care about.
So why don't you say it with me?
Crumb.
Crumb.
Crumb.
Crumb.
Crumb.
Crumb.
Geez, guys, if you don't lighten up a little bit,
you're going to start getting me chanting eight less years.
Why are you all, why'd you all come if that's how you feel?
Look, lots of growth isn't healthy.
And that's why I don't want to grow us too fast.
And I've grown it faster than other mayors, but not so fast that it's dangerous.
And with that in mind, crumb.
Crumb.
Crumb.
I wonder why it works so well for wrestlers.
Listen, a tight five with every new year, I promise to hit the comedy circuit
during this eight-year period and construct a solid tight five.
I don't think I'll have to spend that much time doing comedy to get at least five minutes
of good material.
So that's a promise.
I've told that you guys like tight fives.
Listen, crumb.
Crumb.
How about this?
Crumb, the only person that will not sell renterton for meth.
Not even a clap out of that?
Look, all of your previous mayors have openly sold off large chunks of the city.
Two meth dealers.
I mean, granted, your taxes are zero, but
that's largely due to meth.
Sales.
Boo.
Boo to that.
Listen, I rig the last election to leave Peter G off the ballot.
I'll admit that.
You guys like corruption, right?
I rig the last election.
Right?
Okay.
But only against Peter.
I work with him.
And your voting, your nomination system here is insane.
The first five people to say a name,
nominate the potential next mayor,
there's not even a seconding process.
I rigged it for our pleasure.
Finally, there we go.
Look, meth is the backbone of the economy currently.
But I think honestly, there's been a lot of growth in the medical industry actually here.
We're kind of a hub for ourselves.
You had no hospitals and there's been tremendous economic growth because
a couple of doctors moved here.
I see a couple of you in the audience.
I don't know why you look mad at me.
You're the reason, I'm the reason you're in town.
Hospitals have drugs that you need to stay alive.
All right.
Well, if you care about your health, safety and well-being, eight more years of crumb
will leave more than crumbs on your plate.
Let's just do a wrap, I guess.
Now the prodigial presidential crumb wrap.
Okay.
Can I get a beat?
Really?
I can't get a beat.
Everyone looks mad at me.
All right.
Well, there's one.
Thank you.
Lay it off my phone.
That's fine.
If anybody has any campaign slogans for me, throw them in the chat.
And I'll put them in this wrap because I'm nasty like that.
Okay.
I'm crumb.
I'm the best.
And I'm bringing these solutions.
I'm going to bring a lot of programs through fruition.
It's like fruition, except it brings within a solution
because all you people seem to want more prostitution.
Well, I'll tell you all this if you catch my gist.
When you sell yourself to prostitute, you're selling out yourself, bitch.
I'm a middle-aged monster.
I'm a wood guy pilot.
I'm bringing that hardwood and you best not deny it.
Whether I'm in the press corps, I know that you want some more.
I've got some solutions that I'd still like to explore.
I'm crumb, baby.
Eight more years how I survive.
I'm a Leonard Crumb best believe.
I love all wives, especially Belulia.
I'm bringing it to you.
I'm coming home, baby.
Don't worry.
I'm never through with you.
I love Belulia Crumb.
I could rap about that all day because crumb, baby.
I love my wife.
Can I get it again?
Can we give it up for Belulia Crumb, the most beautiful woman in the world?
All right.
Well, look, I guess I'll just have to settle for having the strongest hand game.
At least you guys recognize that.
I guess hand game, Leonard recognized hand game.
Okay.
Well, again, vote for me if you want to vote for prosperity and eight more years.
Eight more years.
A very tough, a very tough crowd.
I'll give them that.
Pretty tough crowd.
Well, I love to see democracy in action.
Let's send it to a quick ad.
And I guess a very special message from any of this year's candidates.
And then we'll kick it down to the newsroom.
I ain't scared.
I ain't scared of a single goddamn person on the whole freaking planet.
Reniton, it's munch.
You re-
me.
Vote for me for mayor.
Fellow American, you vote for me now.
Goblin, peace out.
I do good job.
I make city grow.
I am goblin, peace out.
I do awesome job.
I make city huge.
I am goblin, peace out.
I'm American.
I'm from Pittsburgh.
I am goblin, peace out.
Goblin, goblin, goblin, goblin.
Vote for me.
Goblin, peace out.
Out.
Reniton, I know you've missed me.
Look, I'll be honest.
Y'all nominated me.
I had mixed feelings about even actually running.
But I know you're running back to me.
You've been running a long time.
Turns out you've just been running home.
Because I'm going to bring industry back.
I'm not industry.
I'm industries.
And the streets are our number one industry.
And more meth for everyone.
Someone's anti-meth dealer.
I guess someone's anti-business.
And his name is Crumb.
And I think we've had about eight, too many years of that bum.
Actually, every year with Crumb is too many years.
He wants more life, less life for Crumb.
I'm going to put him inside this industrial plant
and just see what it does to his body.
I hired this woman to kill him.
That's right.
I'm openly advocating for the murder of this man.
As I have been very consistently doing for the last two years
in a separate universe, more or less, I prayed for this.
And it happened.
We can finally do this together.
Let's fight for it.
Let's do this together.
Let's finally bring an end to the menace that is that bald,
fucking mutant.
I'm Papito, I guess.
Fucking, I'm Papito, too.
I'm a little bit pissed and I'm about to get revenge.
Bye-bye.
A lot more advocating for murder this time around
than I'm used to.
And I've seen a lot of things here in Rendertown
because I'm hand and Squidward.
All right.
It is once again election night.
2016.
What a beautiful election.
What a 2016 election.
I could not be more thrilled for this opportunity
for a continuous of hope and change.
Who is our next mayor?
Is the question we will be answering tonight.
Is it Sleepy Boy?
Is it Little Munchy Joe?
Is it Munch?
Is it from?
Or is it...
I always forget the last one.
How do I always forget the last one?
Sleepy Boy, Little Munchy Joe.
Oh, Invisible Ricky, there we go.
Actually, that you can't...
You can't get mad at me for that one.
It's in the name.
All right, two minutes on the clock.
Let's vote for democracy today.
Technically, if you vote for any, that's an easy one.
If anyone you vote for is...
Technically, I vote for democracy.
It's also in Rennerton, proudly, a vote for capitalism.
Using the power of your points, you can vote as many times as you'd like.
If you got the funds.
I love freedom.
All right, Crumb, surprisingly holding on.
Despite the incumbents' disadvantage here in Rennerton,
Crumb is off to a commanding early lead.
And I, for one, will be curious to see...
If Munch manages to lose to Crumb.
In a real election bid, what that would do to him?
Still, some people argue a major cultural force in this town.
Seemingly many Munch loyalists still hanging about here,
even after all these years.
Who knew?
Munch for the Wind says Banzai Bullfrog.
It is close.
This is a close and high-scoring race.
The turnout this year, a staggering turnout of 0.05% of the population.
One of the highest turnout elections we've had in years.
But will that 0.05% turn out for Crumb or for Munch?
I'd say it's too close to call, but it looks like Crumb has a pretty commanding victory.
Although you never know in this town.
And at any time, they could back up the money dump truck.
And then that's it.
Whoa!
Oh no, we're dropping.
The election is dropping.
It's dropping hot and dropping equipment all over the floor.
And it looks like it's dropping in favor of, could it be the rare re-election of one Leonard Crumb?
It looks like the people are in fact saying they want to Crumb again.
Time!
And they do.
And they do.
Shockingly.
I am legitimately shocked.
It's not often that I am fully shocked, but it does appear.
We're cleaning our plates and taking all the Crums as well.
We're not leaving a single Crumb.
We are.
We're leaving a single Crumb, actually.
We're not cleaning our plates.
I'm finding it.
We're leaving a single Crumb.
One Crumb.
A nocturnal Crumb mission.
Well, Crumb seems to be on a mission to get us to 600,000 citizens.
And despite his promises to remove meth labs and keep hospitals,
it seems the people are saying,
I'd like to see just a little bit more.
And let's send you back to a little bit more right now for eight more years.
Eight quick more years with one Leonard Crumb.
I for one say, give it your best shot champ.
You can't do much worse.
Here's Crumb.
I'll never beat meth.
I'll tell you what, I beat munch.
Oh, wow.
You know, I'd heard that nobody except him ever wins re-election.
Well, it looks like maybe your little cult of personality you have going on here
is more like a quartet.
Maybe just four guys that still like you.
Maybe, uh, maybe we got some crimson heads in chat, actually.
Woo.
Can we hear munch's concession speech?
Why would he even have a concession speech?
He didn't.
I mean, there were four people running.
Why would we even prioritize his?
Oh, Ranerton.
Usually I wouldn't even carve out the time to come back.
But as you know, this is a pro theft economy and something has been stolen from you.
So in the interest of respecting the thieves, I gotta say congratulations to that rat-fuck
bastard Crumb for stealing another one.
That little piece of shit you didn't deserve for even a second.
You stole it.
You didn't win a goddamn thing.
The best of luck turns out you just made me have to do even less work.
Meanwhile, all these people, I guess they just don't even like me anymore.
Oh, they do?
I don't know.
Maybe give me a wild cheer if you like me more than Crumb.
Respect to the people for not making me work.
I would have hate to have to marry all you fucking bums.
Because a lot of you don't, there's not, under me there was not good housing.
The housing was very poor under me.
Remember that?
Those beautiful meth filled days on the streets.
And now those streets are filled with hospitals.
And I understand your harsh silence.
I understand because there's a scourge upon this city.
People are getting sick.
You know that for the first time ever, we've recorded some people being sick?
Because now they're keeping hospital records?
I know.
I know.
That's not our way.
There's an alien amongst us.
And he's bringing people that want high paying jobs amongst us.
Since when do we need high paying jobs?
Last time I checked the job that paid me minimum wage,
paid me enough to buy some meth.
And we can do that again.
We can come back to the city.
We can come there again if we don't come there again.
But you know, maybe I'm too busy.
I'm kind of big balling like that.
I'm busy with all the fucking casinos we still have.
That's right.
It's still a casino driven economy.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
I've just filled up the casinos we have left even more.
You can bold those those casinos to the ground.
I'll move those casinos underground you motherfucker.
I'll play my concession rap.
That's right.
I fucking rap when I can see.
What my fucking talking points in chat?
If you have any that is they been talking too much.
They been talking to Chrome but everybody's still talking about that munch.
Open up the mouths and give those points a good crunch
because you had no fucking point.
Crumb you just a hunchback.
Fucking unstuck in the chair like oh look at that.
I'ma build another hospital can you handle that?
I'm a little fucking rap.
Change your name to Buddha judge because bitch I'm the booty judge.
I'm gonna judge that fucking rap and I judge that he is fucking done.
Ain't cuz he nothing.
I ain't conceding for a goddamn fucking second.
Learn my lesson.
Learn my ass to heaven.
I'ma kill this bitch.
Just like I'm semi killing this rhyme.
I'm barely trying to stay on beat.
Cuz I ain't got the time motherfucker.
I'm an authoritarian and a librarian.
I'm the only librarian because I demolished all the libraries
and that makes me the number one librarian actually.
Y'all know that?
Yeah you did.
Judge Dredd a librarian.
Lots of meth and murder tonight but I know that you're feeling just right.
Ain't putting up a fight when that meth feels so right.
It's not too late for the sexy lady to take an assassin strike.
So lady death strike.
Call me all right.
More casino strip clubs and lots of smoke shops.
Keeping that shit going even if that beat dropped for the Rennerton economy.
I'll do it all.
I'm gonna shoot downstairs so I can have a little party ball.
Still my room by the way.
All right everybody stay safe out there.
Don't worry it's still Munch Town and it's still time to Munch.
It's never not time to Munch and I'll be back.
Guess no they can't keep me away.
I put some things in the Constitution okay.
I was here.
I was here when we made it.
Maybe I doodled it myself on a fucking napkin and I want that napkin back from.
All right bye bye everybody.
What a tremendous waste of time.
I don't care how many people you bust in.
Well I guess you don't have to bust them in because we're in Rennerton.
But I don't care how many erroneous claims you make about the people wanting you.
Somebody actually won your insanely rigged election by the way.
It's so difficult to vote in this town.
So the fact that anyone managed to and in an overwhelming majority for me means in an
actual election who knows what would have happened.
Oh I do.
I would have crushed you.
Let's get that 70s soul going again because I'm feeling like the goal is some soul.
All right.
Eight more years baby.
Then maybe we'll take off for the rest of the night.
Ah shoot.
We lost our connection to the controller.
Just give me a second here while I re-initiate it.
All right.
Shit it's still not working.
Now let me reload this.
Just save it real quick.
Dancing with September.
Okay.
Where does where do they keep their marrying software around here?
There it is.
Okay.
It's working.
We're back.
All right.
We just got to climb up to 550.
I put the city in the void.
Oh shoot.
Our right button isn't working.
Got to start it.
Gosh darn it.
Sorry buddy.
Dancing with September.
Dang it.
It's working now.
Still not working.
Why?
Oh I see what happened.
Okay.
The version from Black Dynamite stuck in your head.
I should turn it down just a little bit actually.
It's supposed to be background music not at the mean event.
Okay.
Hey look.
We got some commercial properties coming in.
Maybe they should all be commerce because
the residentials aren't biting down here.
Maybe we keep it commerce baby.
Okay.
All right.
We don't need...
This is really disrupting a lot of space, the stadium.
And honestly due to the incredible malnutrition of Rennerton,
there's very few athletes in town still.
With that we can enlose this weird
confusing rail system that has been there for decades.
All right.
Look how tidy that is.
You're just willing to sacrifice a couple stadiums.
We still have for a town of 500,000,
we still have like five stadiums.
We still have dozens of casinos.
In fact,
but there's so many amusement parks that most of them are derelict and
it's just essentially homeless encampments with horrible dilapidated
ferris wheels that have contributed to a lot of
gaths due to also the lack of hospitals.
People falling out of dilapidated ferris wheels that they've turned into homes.
So let's just turn those into residences.
Look there's still two, three, four,
tons of amusement parks all over the city.
We're making progress.
We got some hospitals now.
Only one school in the city is a problem for sure.
I'm pretty sure this is our only school.
And I do think that could be contributing to
not only the literacy issues, but some of the math issues.
I also landfill this to to eat two residential zones out of this.
Let's give that a shot.
There we go.
Let's go.
Oh, you know what I could make is beachfront property, actually.
Let's make this some high value beachfront property.
There we go.
We're making moves.
Okay.
Still wish I could clean up this area.
Look to hospital in a school.
All right.
I'm going to see if I am more luck with the landfill system this time.
It was not cooperating before, we'll say.
Oh, wait, it's because there's track there.
Okay.
Look, I know it hurts at first to see your precious
Prenerton polluted with hospitals and schools as you're all like to say.
I think we're making tremendous progress.
Courtesy of those hospitals and schools.
And look, I can just fill this canal with railroads.
That way everything is still hemmed in on all sides by rail.
The Prenerton way.
I mean, people say I'm so pro environment, but I've reduced the river to a
tiny stream like canal.
Barely room for anything.
88 kph speeding to the future along with us.
We've lost a couple of citizens.
We've seen a fluctuation of about a thousand to two thousand citizens this year.
But that's just because we've been having to clear some property to put in better
high value housing.
And for instance, a hospital.
Look, a hospital just popped up.
Almost like people are desperate for hospitals and schooling.
Okay.
Let's finally get some taxes.
Excuse me.
Okay.
You know, at this point, as long as there's revenue coming in,
as long as we continue to fund my initiatives, I won't block at the
zero percent tax rate.
But I'm just saying you're just extracting more extreme taxes from the
people by shuffling them into our endless casino structures.
How about this?
We lose a couple residential, a couple commercial properties here.
They're honestly underperforming in favor of more residential properties in this area.
There we go.
Okay.
We're seeing movement.
We truly we're trying at first I was a little, I came in a little hot.
A little anti-renergy.
Due to the various animal murder pranks that they've followed over the years.
But 88 cows per hour, you're right.
Look at this.
Look at this incredible shopping district here.
We're building a vibrant downtown.
I'm pretty sure once some of these real estate properties develop,
we're going to see this number roll easily in a 550,000 citizen.
With no need to demolish hospitals.
Okay.
How far is the next stadium from this stadium?
Are we down to two stadiums?
There's one.
Okay.
We are down to just two stadiums.
So giving the intense male nutrition of everyone in this city,
I guess we'll say that once two stadiums is enough for now.
More green space.
I would love to have more green space.
That's true.
Look at this hospital row.
Full row of hospitals.
They're not a beautiful thing to see.
Now this seems like a waste.
This could be oceanfront property.
We restructured this area just a tad.
How important is it to have rail on either side of these?
Shouldn't hospitals be spread out a bit more?
Well, we're constructing town centers.
With our high speed rail,
it's easy to shepherd yourself to hospital row here.
And if you want, you can actually attend one of our three schools
while, you know, dropping the rest of your family off at the hospital.
Because so many of you fell off one of the derelict ferris wheels.
Forgot to salt it in the casino.
Okay.
Let's try this.
I know, I know we hate to see malls get demolished, but
these could be these could be
higher value commercial properties if they're along the water, I think.
That's my suspicion.
And then what if we just wed some houses in?
And then what if we just bill the entire river with underwater rail?
Now we're thinking.
We're losing citizens.
I think we'll get them back.
Oh, what?
I look away for two seconds and we don't do taxes again.
I'm going residential here.
Oh, there we go.
We're developing baby.
Yeah, the most of the stream will be muted by YouTube.
But what can you do?
I guess you could not play copyright copyrighted music.
A station, wow, train station.
Here, we'll play some 70s groove copyright free 70s groove, not groove.
Okay, I get it.
We got a train station.
Yes.
This is step by step people funk 1979.
Good luck copyrighting this.
Oh, darn it.
Oh, we were so close to 550.
Shoot, in this area of town is still very underfunded.
Maybe they need a train station here.
Maybe this will encourage growth in this area.
Yeah, this train station.
You've got a lot of trains in town.
Oh, what?
One of them grew into one.
Pueblos.
Look at the short look at the look at the thing riding the rails.
All right, I'm not out of ideas.
There's probably still improvements to be made.
Once these properties really start developing,
I think we'll see that numbered climb past 550.
These are some pesky properties.
They're not developing as much as I'd like.
Look, I'm not anti science, but every once in a while,
the EPA can kind of be a little bit EP.
Say what?
You know way too much about the music.
You know, let's go with some classic SimCity tunes, actually.
Eddie Cowell's brother says,
I know way too much about the music of SimCity.
Soya Oka is the original composer.
She also did the SNES Mario Kart and Pilot Wings.
She has similar 8-bit and 16-bit music on Spotify
under the name Loop 816.
816.
Let's say you're listening to some Loop 816.
I think we're safe here, propaganda.
I hope.
Surprised he hasn't made it up on a ballot yet.
Thankfully, because I do not believe
Chet would run this town very carefully.
All right, look, our population is going up.
This is Loop 8A.
Soya Oka.
Okay, please.
Can we just discuss this for two seconds?
No, we can't.
Look, he doesn't own the term.
And honestly, this office is not wired
to transmit to him, fortunately.
I see, very fortunately.
Okay, we've been managing for about four years here.
I'd say pretty well.
We're back on track to hit 550.
So let's take a couple questions, if there are any.
Let's send it down to the press room.
Always happy to engage with a free and fair press.
So let's continue that process, if I may.
Okay, down to the press corps we go.
If you have any questions, exclamation point P
or press is how you send those in.
And I'm delighted as always to communicate
with a third estate, fourth estate, one of the estates.
One of my favorite estates.
Let's just do some press stuff.
All right, everyone.
Great to see you all.
We're going to do a cordial day here
to answer the burning questions on behalf of the people.
Always an honor.
You can take photos longer than that.
I know I always say it and you never do,
but just so you know, you can.
All right, you there with the interesting style.
You got any thoughts for me?
A grand master crumb.
Why are we not?
Why are we not building skyscrapers and sophisticated highways?
The limitation of the engineering software that runs Rennerton.
And I think we should move on.
Very interesting style from this guy, given that it's 2020.
Well, there the software is a little bit limited
just so you know, the city doesn't look exactly like it does on my marrying software.
It's more of a way of processing orders generally as they come in show.
There's some roads out there.
You've seen them.
You've driven on them, right?
I've seen no roads.
It's all rail as far as I can tell.
Okay. We're nearly to the future, honestly.
At the rate we're going, we might make it to the future.
You have any more questions?
Blonde gentlemen.
Yeah, why are you bald?
Why not just grow hair?
Well, I, uh, you know, some people can't.
You remind me of my least favorite porn star, middle-aged bald guy who keeps turning the camera on.
His own face, you know, that guy.
He's your least favorite?
You see him that often?
Who is it?
The middle-aged bald guy turns the camera on.
His own face.
Yeah, that guy.
You have any other questions for me?
I think Munch took those COVID PPL loans for personal use.
We are already all immune to COVID because we got it so early.
That doesn't mean you get to just take the loans.
I am surprised, given that COVID is raging in the rest of the country,
that everyone here got it somehow 10 years ago.
You're ahead of the curve.
You might be behind the curve on education, housing, medicine, schooling,
and every conceivable metric of government,
but you are way ahead of the curve on COVID.
I'll give you that.
You got to give it up to us on the COVID stuff at least.
All of us got it early.
Great.
Good for you.
Is there anyone else?
Yes, you there.
Any questions for me?
Get my mobile game out of here.
Weed of Wolves.
Oh, woo-hoo.
Are you sure you're a wolf?
You sound like another guy.
Weed of Wolves.
Do you have any actual questions?
Why do you suck, Mayor Crumb?
High fives.
High fives all around.
I've got a question.
Why are you high-fiving each other?
A question.
And why your cameras are going off just because you're so excited?
You're taking pictures of your own hands.
You look silly.
Do you have an actual question for me?
Sure.
Mr. Mayor.
Mr. Mayor, what will you do with a third term in Rennerton?
Well, look, I have plans right now that are currently developing.
I'd love to announce that while we've been in this press conference,
we've actually reached 555,000 citizens.
I'll believe it when I see it.
It's on the screen.
I can't show it until we go back to my office, but that's a fact.
That's a fact.
Well, facts don't care about not being in the room right now.
So, prove it.
I'm saying I will prove it.
Just wait two minutes or hurry up and ask me more questions and I'll show you.
Why do you look like that?
You're asking me that.
You look like a you look like a white milk dud.
Got him, boys.
Got him.
What are you guys taking?
Why are you taking pictures of him?
Why are you taking pictures of the reporter?
The headline tomorrow is,
Hansen reporter destroys corrupt mayor.
Just to give you a preview.
Well, you're writing the headline.
Yeah, you can write whatever you want.
It's immoral to falsely report the news like that, but okay.
Are there any other questions for me?
Happy to answer any questions.
Sorry, let me just scratch my head really quick.
Get this fucking mobile game out of here.
Look, this is munch.
Yeah, I can see it's you munch.
You are doing a horrible job as mayor.
You rig the election.
You're making the water transparent.
Give me.
Why don't you give me the podium?
Oh, you think you could do a better job if you come up here?
You think you could you think you could do a better job if you came up here?
Well, I'd like why don't you come up here then show me how it's done?
All I'll ask the questions.
Yeah, maybe I will then.
I'm up here now.
Yeah, I should sprint it over here.
Do you feel better now?
Yeah, I do feel better and everybody take photos of the king.
Look, they love taking pictures of me.
Turns out they're excited that you gave it up instantly.
Well, jokes on you.
I left a fucking rake fart on that thing.
What? Oh, shit.
What? How'd you leave?
What do you mean you left it on here?
I far I turned as I sprinted here and I released the gas upon the podium.
So now you're standing in my feted fart.
How do you like damn apples because I eat tons of apples today?
It does smell like fucking apples.
How is that even possible?
Like shit apples because I because I ate a bunch of apples.
I ate a bunch of apples.
They liked that, by the way.
Yeah, we've obviously we respect the dumbest fucking things here.
Of course.
I would never deny that.
This is a city founded on accepting our mental limitations.
And not trying to get all fancy, have schools,
build hospitals, attract jobs for people that have been to.
schools and like hospitals.
That's not my town.
And actually I'm asking the questions.
What's wrong with your hairline?
It keeps receding.
Are you gonna recede from the next election?
Like you're receding hairline?
What kind of fucking question is that?
You don't have a hairline.
Your hairline fucking filibustered
against being on your body.
Your hairline somewhere in Tahiti right now,
sipping my ties, going,
I got away with the greatest score of all time.
I got away from fucking crumb.
I'm miles away from him.
I'm safe, not on his fucking head.
That's what your hairline's doing.
Well, I got a hairline for you.
A hairline fracture when I break every fucking bone
in your body in the next election.
Metaphorically, I'm not gonna assault you.
I'm anti-violence.
Let me come back up there.
I'm coming back.
No, what, what are you with what?
What's your problem?
I slipped.
I slipped and I slipped back into the press corps.
And I'm all red in the face because of it.
You are extremely red.
Why are all of your reporters so goddamn red?
Do we have any questions, munch?
Yeah, do we have to worry about Godzilla
attacking the town?
Or as I call it, the twine?
What?
Yeah, that's a new nickname I got going for the town,
the twine.
Do you think we have to worry about Godzilla
attacking the twine?
Cause that seems like the kind of thing
that could happen if you're not careful.
Yeah, there's a Godzilla button on the desk
for anyone who's wondering.
The mayor can press a button
and make Godzilla attack the town.
So I know that when I only have a couple schools,
could we maybe use our reasoning skills, citizens?
And ask ourselves,
I wonder why Godzilla ever attacked this town.
That button is the sacred Rennerton right
to summon the Godzilla to tell it not to attack the town.
I've only ever pressed that button
so that I can try to get ahead of Godzilla
attacking the town and say,
hey, stop it, I'm on the reason
he doesn't attack the town that often.
Cause I press the button and I have a,
I use my negotiation skills.
That's why that button's there.
That is, listen to him talk.
He's not even good at lying.
You have any other fucking questions?
I don't think there's enough electricity in the twine.
Name's catching on.
You're the only one saying it.
There's not enough electricity in the twine, everybody.
How poor twine.
There's a, we have just as much power as ever.
The town's electric grid is honestly
one of the most impressive things about it.
And somehow has, I mean,
we have so many nuclear power plants.
I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
You have a shocking amount of nuclear power plants.
Yeah, cause we're shockingly powerful.
Here's a question for you.
Long time no sea, crumb, you deadbeat.
It's your baby mama.
You're not my baby mama.
My baby mama is a different person.
My beautiful wife, Belulia, by the way.
So if you're claiming to be my baby mama, try again.
It's your baby mama crumb.
Where's my 35 years of child support?
If you're gonna hire like a honeypot to string me up,
shouldn't it not be a guy that already asks questions
and is covered in eyes?
You're saying I'm not hot?
I'm not saying you're not hot.
So you're saying I'm hot?
I'm not saying anything about this
cause it's just such an obvious attempt to slander me.
I have a wife, I have several children.
If I had ever had a child out of wedlock
before or after meeting my wife,
I would take responsibility.
But frankly, sir or madame,
I don't think you can prove that you've sired my child.
Oh, really?
Oh, really?
Then what's this?
What's this then crumb?
Are you denying your beautiful son here?
Really?
Look at him, he misses you.
And you're just gonna abandon our child like that?
Luntz, you are so bad at doing political espionage.
That's just a groveling.
Who by the way, I'm in favor of receiving a living wage
just like everyone else.
That you have questions about.
You have questions about me thinking
groveling is a living wage.
You have any other questions so-called honey pot?
What's the town's policy on ass?
It's, everybody's got one.
But I'm tired of all the bullshit, I'll tell you that.
That's the worst thing you've said.
Why are you racist against Kaiju?
Okay, I'm not racist.
You know, if a Godzilla would like to have a discussion,
they certainly can call me.
My, I'm on the line all the time.
You can all see me marrying in real time.
Well, unclear how time works actually,
but anyway, I'm not hard to find Kaiju's.
Mayor Crumb, with the study decline in population,
what is your plan for drawing people back to Rennerton?
The land is already oversaturated
with buildings and ferris wheels.
Well, the plan is to reduce the amount of ferris wheels.
We frankly have, sorry, what the hell?
We frankly have way too many.
Ferris wheels.
It's not that complicated.
Well, we, I think we're in the red,
we're in the green over a 30 year period.
We could frankly stand to expend some of the money
that we've been saving up to build better housing,
to provide more hospitals and schools
were still deeply underwater on proper infrastructure.
Why are you looking so bored?
Why do you, this is, this affects your life.
This is so fucking boring.
Hey, Crumb, how can we don't like disabled people?
Why don't we get back to having some fun here?
How is that a fun question?
I do like disabled people.
Really, then why do you say that I didn't have your kid?
Just cause I'm covered in eyeballs,
and I can see you lying in 360 degrees.
Well, technically, based on your eyes,
I think you'd see it more like 270 degrees.
There should technically be a blind spot under your face.
And now he's telling me how my disability works.
Well, technically it's more like a superpower, right?
No.
What's your policy on boobs?
Oh, they're great.
All right, all right.
You know, broken clocks,
right about boobs all the time.
Ahem.
What's your policy on boobs?
I already said that.
Oh.
Maybe that's it.
Or maybe I broke it.
Either I broke it,
or...
Oh, no, okay.
How could you call your child just a grovelin?
And I'm just gonna see if it's working still.
Okay, I think maybe that's it.
Okay, yeah, now we're good.
It's working again.
Sorry.
What are you talking about?
The twat is too cold, but to reiterate,
why it's too cold, and you're too cold,
because you're calling our baby just a grovelin.
All right, well, look, I'm too exhausted
by this incredibly pathetic attempt to slander my name,
to continue so.
Why don't we just call it there for now?
It is your head just one boob missing its boob friend?
Question, question?
I would all like to know.
Oh, yeah, you know what?
How about, yes.
My head is just one boob missing a boob friend.
Oh, yeah.
Can you, can you,
can you try to make the sarcasm of parents
when you put that in all of your insane papers?
Look, I like the press.
I don't want it to be like this.
It's crazy that it's like this.
No more questions.
All right, one more question.
Oh, shit.
I didn't mean to retreat to the bunker.
I did not mean to retreat to the bunker.
There's so many trap doors.
Why is there even an elevator from the press corps
directly to the bunker?
I'm coming back up.
I'm coming back up.
Jesus.
Sorry, you had one more question.
I monster.
The name is globular vision creep.
I'm sorry, your name tag says I monster.
That's a prank from a friend.
My name is globular vision creep.
Okay.
I think we're actually out of,
I think we covered them all.
Oh, we didn't?
What kind of SPF do you use
on your big old noggin that's a kit?
Got his ass.
All right.
Then I have no more questions, I guess.
This has just got you dirty.
No more questions at this time.
Thank you very much.
Jesus.
Okay, let's end off with an election, I guess.
And just to prove, by the way,
that I'm not lying.
As the frankly,
unnecessarily aggressive press would have you believe,
559,000 citizens.
We're about to hit the 560.
Giggle Goblin, you miss the press
being unfair on a level that even I'm not used to.
And I'm used to being called the missing boob.
We were at 559, it just dropped.
It just dropped, frankly, because I think people probably
were probably getting some negative national press
because I'm one of the first people in this town
to be honest about how the city is running.
Well, has been running, and frankly,
I'm very relieved to be here to fix it.
You support Joker 2, that is all?
Well, it's a hard-working film.
And I support all of our hard-working films.
Okay, I'm gonna take the top two off this poll
because I forgot to elect a mayor.
Or nominate mayors until now.
This is gonna be nominate mayors plural.
And we'll take the top two here.
Unrecognized command, really.
Why am I so bad at spelling?
Nominate mayors.
Flash polls are broken, I guess?
I forgot to add Peter.
Well, what had Peter to this election then?
I guess we went overboard.
Flash poll.
Oh, it's because it's Exclamation Point F, not slash.
Okay, elect mayors.
There we go.
All right, we've got Peter already.
We're about to get two more.
And I've been told for some reason
munch is on the ballot no matter what.
Apparently every 40 years he gets to just be on the ballot
if he wants to be, is apparently in the Constitution.
And I didn't believe it, but it's actually in there,
which is obviously insane.
Okay, we should be losing some citizens.
I do think it's because of the negative PR we're getting.
But also population fluctuation is very normal.
Oh, look, here's my argument.
We are way up on funding.
I think we can afford to lose some casinos.
I really do think they're kind of a drag on the population.
And we can make ways for some more free and fair housing.
We just lose, I say lose three casinos.
Like, look, there's just a casino
in the middle of an otherwise
safe and productive neighborhood here.
MacGyver, Invisible Ricky,
Negachrum, Case Blackwell.
Wow, okay, I guess you could do it.
And Booker T.
Booker T.
Wait a minute, that's the name of the meth dealer
that they all call Booker T.
Not the wrestler.
I've met this guy.
He is running for politics.
He's a bookie who sells testosterone and meth.
I don't think, Chad, I know you like some odd choices here,
but I would not elect Booker T.
Case Blackwell, possibly going to get the nomination here.
Looks like it was, shoot, Case Blackwell,
and I believe Necra, Necra-Krum?
Negachrum?
You gotta be careful saying that.
Is it negative-Krum?
I'm just gonna say to be safe, negative-Krum.
I don't know what that is.
Negative-Krum.
I prefer that name, actually.
Oh, it was Case Invisible Ricky.
Thank God.
All right, let's run one more poll.
This one will only take the top one.
Inverse-Krum.
Yeah, I'm catching that now.
Elect, nominate, Noma-Mayer.
There we go, Noma-Mayer is quicker.
All right, it's September.
2024, that means it's election time.
Peter's finally on the ballot.
Despite him just being unceremoniously left off
the last one.
Invisible Ricky's there.
It's vote now.
Okay, Kendall, the country of Germany.
September, monkey D. Luffy, and Chet.
Chet making an appearance on the poll.
Right after this, we'll roll right into
an election campaign message
from one of these candidates at least.
And then I will hold a campaign rally
ahead of the big election.
Could I be one of the few three-peat mayors?
Possibly.
Looks like Chet has taken it.
Congratulations, Chet.
Hello, Collie.
Dad, leprechaun thingies almost for the 17 months.
I think we're not making it 17 months.
Right now the score is zero much, actually.
No much tonight, other than him appearing several times.
Okay, great.
Well, we'll be right back after this brief campaign message
from whichever candidate gave Booker T. the most money.
Jesus.
That's how you guys decide who gets to run a campaign
around here.
That is, we really should do some,
we should really take a look at some of the election laws
in this town.
Little election reform could probably go a long way.
Okay, we'll be right back.
Yo, what's up?
Rennerton.
I don't even know where you are,
but that doesn't stop me from loving the future
and being there for each and every one of you every day.
And together I know we can stop this place
from kind of being a bummer.
For too long, like everybody's hated your fucking fish,
I'll make them taste good and I'll bring back good stuff.
You remember when we had grandma's?
We can be there again,
we can make fucking stuff in the microwave.
Nobody does that anymore.
But with us and you and me, we'll get there.
That is of course, unless you vote for trains,
derailing, which is essentially what you're voting for
if you keep the current administration,
which is a bunch of fucking bald dudes
that say boring shit all the time.
I'll bring guns back.
We lost some of them and I found some.
You can have them, honestly.
I'm like, there's too many guns.
I find a lot of guns on the street
and a lot of your streets look like this.
And I prayed for you all after I found all those guns.
And I got a really bad tummy ache
thinking about not being your mayor.
That's what I knew that I should be.
Look, the fact of the matter is, I'm not Papito
and you can't vote for him.
So vote for me instead.
A butt is dumb as him.
Regis.
Can we not pitch up my voice, please?
Can we not prank me while I'm trying to save the town?
Not from itself, from the people that have,
for too long and too unfairly,
treated this town like their own personal playground
and bathroom.
Boo this man is what I've heard a lot of people say.
And I think that's really just a reflection
of frankly your own tragically low self-image.
By the way, any campaign writers that happen to be
in the chat do feel free to throw any of your speeches
in there, I appreciate all your hard work.
Look, people have said Czech could bring the people
Skye-ins, but unfortunately Skye-ins
is not scientifically founded.
And I believe in actual science.
Whoa, okay, they like that one.
I believe in actual science.
For instance, I've been working
on some teleportation technology.
I would love to endorse Peter Gibbon as a colleague.
I'd love to endorse Chet as a colleague.
I might be standing next to Invisible Ricky,
but I can't endorse any of them because,
frankly, the town needs a steady hand.
I say you can't change a horse in midstream,
but our stream is polluted with horse corpses.
And I'm the only one who's even attempted to remove them.
They were cheering that I left.
Well, I'm to the left of a lot of candidates here
who are conservative on a level that is
confusing even given the national climate here in 2024.
We're moving ahead with the election
and moving ahead of the current timeframe
that most people exist in.
And I'm excited to carry us into the actual future.
Listen, my results as mayor speak for itself.
And that's why, okay, what are you cheering?
You all farted, you all farted.
What does that even mean?
Ask not what science can do for you,
but what you can do for science, okay?
And if you wanna do something for science,
don't elect someone who kinda just believes
it's vibes from what I understand, okay?
And now as always, in a Reniton tradition,
I will drop a presidential rap.
And if you have any campaign promises you want me to make,
I guess throw them in the chat
because I have no choice but to attempt to slay another rhyme.
All right, look, it's been an honor
to be your president, to be your mayor,
getting ahead of myself for 16 years, okay?
And I'm not afraid to be a president, to be that mayor,
for another 16 years, all right?
Look, this one has lyrics.
I need an instrumental.
Can't just rap over another guy rapping.
That's too wild, a token tight beat.
What is that?
That's not gonna work.
We just get an actual normal beat.
Is that possible?
I'm not trying to be ungrateful.
Sorry, my teleportation.
I didn't leave, I just, my teleporter technology
doesn't work very well.
Okay, what a goo.
I'm dropping beats like I'm dropping the goo.
I've been treating this place goo for you.
So it's time for you to treat me goo too.
I'll kill meth, the meth dealing hookers.
And I'm not talking about the simple-on lookers,
I'm talking about the hookers that've been dealing
that meth and also trying to kill people
with every single breath.
The meth hooker assassins, they gotta go.
And frankly, other mayors acting too slow.
But Tron, well, I'm bringing the show
and I'm about to show some crumbs on all the yo.
Chat AI for Ranitin controller.
Okay, I'm feeling whole about these decisions you're making
and I'm liking them today
because an AI intelligence might be what we need, okay?
I'm talking.
Kazem G killed those horses.
Because he loved Ranitin.
Those are the kinds of lights that you've been sold
but I've got a different story, my friend.
You don't actually need to kill horses
if you wanna open sneakers.
You can't just open the sneakers, it's actually much quicker.
So stop killing horses, stop killing pigs.
Open sneakers, let the animals live.
Don't be dumb and don't be a bum.
It's very fucking simple actually, just vote for Crumb.
I'm actually in favor of hospitals and schools
and frankly, y'all are great fools.
Ha ha ha ha.
There will still be lots of mass,
even if I try to stop it.
There will be tons of mass.
Even if I get rid of 500% of the mass.
There's gonna still be so much.
So maybe just let me get rid of some of it.
Oh, you're cheering because so much, okay.
Well, stay safe out there
because these streets is real.
Really improving.
Okay, bye bye.
Bye, thank you all.
Thanks everybody.
Eight more years.
Eight more years.
Say it with me.
Or say it later, you say it later tonight.
Okay, bye bye.
All right, everybody, vote your conscience
and vote in your own self-interest.
But that is a vote for me to be clear.
And let's send it down to
Handem Squidward with all the latest news.
What a 16 years it's been.
I am, of course, Handem Squidward.
It's right on my head, but it's backwards.
So it's not the easiest thing to see.
But I'm the only news man brave enough
to leave his lower third permanently on his head.
What an election cycle it's turned out to be.
We finally almost hit 560,000 citizens
on the painfully slow march to 600,000.
Let's see what candidates are on the poll this year
and chat help me out if you remember.
Because I'll be honest with you, I very rarely do.
But I'm pretty sure.
Who is your next mayor?
Peter's on there.
Peter G.
I think invisible Ricky.
Gonna say Munch and Crumb.
Invisible Ricky maybe?
And I'm definitely forgetting someone.
Definitely forgetting someone.
I could even go back up and I guess check.
Oh, Case Blackwell.
Wow, Case Blackwell.
Don't think he sends much of a chance, but he's on there.
Oh, Chet.
Maybe it was Chet and not invisible Ricky.
Oh, you know, Chet and Munch never got the vote.
Oh, wait, no, he has this.
He has, okay, we're gonna say invisible Ricky.
Couldn't be found.
And he'll make it onto the next poll
in case he was supposed to be on this one.
Peter G. Munch, Crumb, Chet and surprisingly,
Case Blackwell.
Let's start this election off right?
With even more trap beats.
All right, who will take it
in the final election of the night?
After this, we'll hear either a recession
or an acceptance speech, I'm not sure.
Then we'll get out of here.
My God.
Peter G. off to a commanding lead.
But Munch clawing back a little bit of ground,
Crumb trailing well off in the distance.
He's brought the town to untold population
and untold schooling and hospitalization.
That's right, hospitalizations are way up
under Crumb as Munch has been running campaign ads,
nonstop letting us know.
Granted that is because for the first time ever,
we've had hospitals for more than a few days.
What I can't deny, hospitalizations are up
nearly 10 million percent.
No pro thinks so much.
We're rocking these streams,
but we are going to rock ourselves off stream pretty soon.
But not before we're done with the selection.
Could we have the first Gibbon presidency?
I think I'm saying that right.
Gibbon, what is it?
Asking my producers right now, what is it?
Gibbon, Gibbon, Gibbon.
How are you saying that?
Grab it, grab it.
Right now it's the tight race between Peter G. Munch
and trailing as well behind Chet, Case Blackwell
and way in last place.
Let me emphasize this, way in last from
just getting destroyed.
Who saw it coming?
Crumb is losing so hard.
Our top story tonight, Crumb last by a lot.
And then Peter G's in first.
But the top story, Crumb is losing big time.
Today's stream of course brought to you by
Munch, horse, glue and rifles.
Peter G has taken it and will be your mayor
for the next eight years.
Give it up for actually Munch endorsed Peter
right at the last minute said,
I'm pulling out of the race and all my votes go to Peter.
Turns out he didn't even need them.
But I am being informed by our producers.
Again, we're sponsored by Munch, horse, glue and rifles
that he pulled out of the race and he didn't lose.
And actually pulled out of the last race too.
It didn't lose that either.
I'm being informed right now in my earpiece.
Thank you so much for all those hardworking votes.
555, the magic 555 triple of Peter G.
Eight years of Peter.
That's right.
Get ready for eight beautiful years of Peter Gibbon.
That'll be coming to you tomorrow.
We go now to Crumb for his resignation speech,
as I like to call it,
because he's resigned himself to defeat.
Again, we're sponsored by Munch, horse, glue and rifles.
We send you back to the stadium
for the acceptance of his defeat
and his summary execution potentially.
Here's Crumb.
Look, I held on for as long as I could.
As I've pointed out, registering
for the elections here
due to Munch's odd position as the city's founder
actually requires you to swear and purchase Munch's memoir,
which, confusionally, he claims he wrote in 1776.
So you have to find a copy of this out-of-print memoir,
sign it and purchase it.
And due to the strange culture of personality he's built,
each copy of his out-of-print ancient memoir
cost thousands of dollars.
I'm just saying that is an insane way
to require people to register to vote.
The turnout is devastatingly low.
And even with that in mind, he still isn't winning.
Oh, well, at least you cheered for him not winning.
Well, what were you cheering for
if you weren't cheering for him winning?
Oh, you found a copy of the book.
Someone's holding up a copy of the book?
That's Kess and G holding it up.
That's the guy who run to the horse sneaker factory,
which is just a horse-slaughtering house
that purchases sneakers.
Jesus.
All right, well, look,
I did the absolute best I could.
You have some schools.
You have some hospitals.
I suspect Peter is in the pocket of Ralph, okay?
Don't let him demolish your schools and hospitals.
You can ask for more.
You can ask for better.
You can even do it while on meth.
I, okay.
I just can see that a lot of you are currently doing it.
So Godspeed, you know,
you can always put me back on the pole.
I'm not on that pole.
I'm not gonna be on a stripper pole.
Are you cheering for strippers or for me not stripping?
All right, that's, you know,
just stand up for yourself.
Stand up for what's right.
And just cut down slightly on the meth.
Do your best while doing meth.
All right, thank you and God bless.
Well, well, well, looks like we're giving you some airing.
Next time we're on the stream.
Let's play some Pat Sajak music.
And that we are in.
Damn it, I can't find any Pat Sajak music.
Okay, we'll have fortune theme.
Sorry, I mostly like theme show music.
That's what I like to mayor too.
Okay.
Look at this town just ready for me to get to work on it.
Can't wait to do it.
We'll probably do a slightly shorter stream tomorrow,
but we will be back hopefully actually around noon
for a little stream because we started so late today.
And it would be nice to hit 600,000 citizen crumb.
Unfortunately, fucked things up with his wild radical left
hospitals and schools agenda.
Don't worry, I get Rennerton.
Okay, I'm from a town just like Rennerton.
You might have heard of it, but I won't say what it is.
I've been doing this for the last 12 months.
But you doing what?
I've been mayoring.
Oh, crag.
Yeah, you could have crag mayor if you want.
Yeah, I wanted to find Pat.
I was hoping maybe Pat Sajak had music,
but because I love his themes,
the theme to the Wheel of Fortune show so much,
but it turns out no, unfortunately,
he just was a game show host
and searching Pat Sajak music didn't do anything.
Why are we losing citizen?
How's it already been a year?
Anyway, I'm mayor now.
Okay, let's save this.
Let's save our mayoring software.
Hope that this is a very important process.
And if I mess it up the whole town, we'll be undone.
I'll be careful.
What a fantastic job.
We managed to gain 40,000 citizens
despite crumb being mayor.
I'd say that's a real achievement
because I saw the way he was running this place.
And normally I don't have anything against a colleague,
but why do you need so many hospitals?
Why are people getting hurt so often
that you need upwards of five or six hospitals?
Okay, let's find someone to raid for the night.
Thank you so much for your congratulations.
And let's send you the way of Bruce Green.
I haven't been able to raid Bruce in a while
because I never get to make these decisions anymore
because now a dog produces Casey's show.
Well, I'm producing a town now, Casey.
I actually beat you for this mayorship.
So how do you like that?
Turns out I can mayor, but I can't produce for you.
These walls are nice and thin, by the way.
You think we could knock a hole in any of these guys?
Think we could knock a hole in one of these walls?
Is there any space between the drywall
and the foundational wall?
There is.
There is.
Okay, well, it's like where I know
where I'm sleeping for the next eight years.
Have a great night, everyone.
Thanks for sticking with us.
Thanks for all of your hard work electing the right mayor.
And then making a mistake twice.
And today's mayorship is sponsored by Munchcut loans and Squirrel Factory.
If you need Squirrel Goo or Pashback loans,
Munchcut loans and Squirrel Factory has all your needs.
Munchcut loans and Squirrel.edu.
Thanks so much.
Say hi to Bruce for me.
It's Bruce Raid and I'll see you all tomorrow
or between noon and two.
There's always a chance of tech issues and other disasters.
So I don't want to make any crazy promises.
All right.
Bye, everybody.
Have a great one.