Six five four. Hello, everybody. Good to see you. I'm back. I'm back. I'm back from
Doing stuff
MSG greener Sam King of Bacon Jay money card King. I did get a haircut. It's kind of being weird today
That's normal. It'll get worse
It's only downhill from here. Dr. Cool
Uncle Phil 2k currently working sinister dev entity. Good to see everybody
Thanks for hanging it out
um, and also thank you to jaslin for the resub
and
Oh man a bunch of one bits
An exterminator. Oh, no that would have been from oh, it was one
Oh 11 minutes ago exterminator. Thank you for the sub
And uh, so preachy. Thank you for the for raiding the the little bitties upon me. I do appreciate it
How was the weekend of romance? It was good
Is good. I put me a little behind which is why I didn't stream for the last few days
But
Worth it. I think sometimes you just got to leave town
and do romance
Yeah, I had to recover
due to all of the all of the
non-sexual romance
It's exhausting to be loving
Oh, okay. I'm awake. Yo dehydration. I'm drinking my usual favorite not coffee
It's just brown water
in a in a broken lens
Sometimes when you get the hog crank that much you
If you've over hogged yourself. Yeah, you need a break
I don't know if that's an issue. I've ever had but I'll pretend I did. Oh my god
It's been a while since we've checked in with uh clementine verne, but looks like we might be headed that way
A courtesy of card king
Card king if you had a particular conspiracy you wanted to see covered
I think I saw in the in the pre-stream someone was mentioning. Where do I put that in the discord?
I am starting to think maybe I should just fight the bullet and make
A bin section to the discord and that way if you have like a specific thing for a segment
You could just put it in there without it getting without of making the back feed too insane
I don't know. I also don't even really know how to do that or if I'm a mod in the in the
Um cream stream in the cream team discord. So I'll have to figure that out at some point
Yeah, make a bin. There could be a bin for bin. It's true
Uh big ftw. Thank you so much for the sub
Um
Pepito, how are you doing?
How are you doing? Oh, I'm fine
I weren't you just here. I've been gone for like a week. Oh
I'm a dog. So time moves differently for me
To me it felt like no time at all and I didn't miss you very much because you're not my owner of Fiona is
Yeah, that's fine. Okay
Cheese the dog. Oh, do I get more cheese today? Oh, we do need a new we need a new sub goal
Actually, could it be something other than cheese?
Chocolate. No, that's deadly for you. I'm gonna make a chocolate go for me. That's gonna that'll make you sick. No
That sounds good to me
I'm gonna I'm gonna don't scratch me who the guide on there
That sounds like a good goal to me. Did he leave enough cheese for me? He did
Shade from Pepito
No, I'm just letting case. No that he's not my owner
Well, okay case. What are you gonna do the um, what are you gonna send it to the guy with the weird hair?
Not me not the other guy with the weird hair clementine. Yeah
Um, we'll do a news story and then we'll go straight to that
Okay, well then card king let case know that and he'll
And with his eagle eyes pay attention to chat. I will I swear
Uh, anyway, make a goal for me. Pepito. I was doing that. I'm doing it. Just a second
Pepito all our goals can't just be you eating PNGs
Well, it seems like your stream elements isn't working. Just a second
He did
That's Peter FIFA Pito and like, no
I don't know what Peter's eating, but it it creates a powerful stench in the walls
That does I do want to eat it too because I like smelly stuff, but
he doesn't share
He's sort of a greedy goblin hoarding sweets and treats and probably letting them spoil. That's my guess
But I'm a dog, so I mean who's to say?
Chocolate
Yeah, there you go you're all set up buddy. You're set up. Just want chocolate which will kill you. Yeah
Chat be careful. I don't think dog. I don't think even Pepito dogs are supposed to eat chocolate
I think it's fine. I need a whole lot of chocolate. I bet I can out eat anybody
It can eat more chocolate than anything in the world and I'm gonna do it. Okay
We got robots in vain does Pepito deserve cheese or chocolate people want you to eat cheese. Well, maybe I can have both
You're gonna destroy your insides
Pepito, what about a nice peanut butter treat instead? Yeah, no cheesy chocolate cheesy chocolate
She's un-chocolate the number one snack for dogs
Haven't you ever seen that ad? No because that ad doesn't exist. I might have dreamed it
Let's just cover some let's do what let's do whatever we consider to be news around here. Oh
Yeah, it's the end of the mr. Beast era according to polygon
I guess let's grab our boy chat
I've been out for a minute. See if he has any thoughts on this chat. How you doing, buddy? I'm doing great
I've been here. I stayed here. I've showed up to work every day
And I just said news at a wall because that's my level of commitment unlike some people a
Nice haircut. I thank you. Thank you. I go for a stylish
Hard shelf on the side of my head. Yeah, me too. It looks great. Oh
My god, look at this madman coming through
Dropping the subs and making me drop
The way to where's but where's my fucking song there it is. Yeah, oh
My god, they fucking love it. They love it case
No contest macho macho chat, that's fucking me
My lasers aren't my lights aren't working and that's upsetting to me
I'm upset it by that
There they fucking are
Yes
Good to be fucking what the hell?
What'd you do to the lights case? I didn't do anything to the lights. That's all you buddy
What the fuck? You gotta get these lights in here better, dude
It's gonna work for me
Sorry, man
Corpse catapult good to see ya
Check can you turn off your music for just a second?
I didn't want to but
But fine if you want to be a fucking hater about it
Thank you. That's my rainbow box celebration of my
Celebration of my sick tunes, uh corpse catapult good to see uh
There's robots in chats in chat. That's probably fine case you could use some bots and plate those numbers
Oh, yeah, baby. Give me your sweet bitty deep inside me. I love it. I love it. I'm the human rainbow
Yeah, I'll take that. That's that's a classic track
You mean mario kart track?
No, I think it's a song. Uh, let's not even bother
Was often greener pastors now you're here. I'm sorry that you've returned to these brown pastors
Some of the brownest pastors on the planet. Oh my god. There's a hype train
Oh, there is a hype train
You know what to do, man. Get get go see the hype train
I guess I'll go see the hype train
Yeah, there we fucking go
full spectrum comedy
that's
I think they've already done a couple versions of that
All right. Well the hype train is also here today. Um, he doesn't have he doesn't have long left
But we'll check in with him briefly
Um, oh, yeah, baby. Give me your sweet bitty deep inside me. I love it. I love it
Oh my gosh dropping the hundred cheers. Okay. I got to catch up on thanking people for all of these tasty tasty subs and bits
Um, entity. Thank you so much for the five community subs
Uh, skyrimers, thank you again for the resub a tamtran. Thank you for dropping the blast of five subs insanity
A skyrimer hundred bits uncle fil 2k hundred bits and card king 100 bits hype train
Do you feel a certain way about it?
I'm chat
Because it's actually chat. Sorry chat was setting up the hype train for me. Let's go see the hype train though
Shut out of here, man. It's me
Don't fuck with me. Don't fuck with my heart
We're playing games with my heart
With my heart with my heart
Yeah
I need my hype
I do I need it
Say you're being fed
Well folks, he hasn't changed. He's still he's still very much the same hype train
What direction is that hype coming from a hype train? What direction is your hype coming from?
Oh
I'd say south like deep south the deepest south
My height comes from hell
I guess I knew that from the back
All the way from the back
Are you saying chats and help no chats in the back armed from hell my height comes from down south
I don't want do you need me to sing you a song about this? I really don't well. I think you might
If you might need me to sing you a song about where my height comes from
This feels like you're not getting it. You're not fucking getting it, man. Just saying something about me
Yeah, thank god he died just in time. Whoo. He was about to really go in
But fortunately he was banished back to hell
Don't worry. He's easy to summon on any particular stream
Back to the hell of pure hype
He's getting he was getting there though
He's revving up card king. Thank you so much for the gifted sub hui keeler
Oh, once again, thank you card king for the hundred bits skyrimer for the hundred bits uncle phil for the hundred bits
And sabrichi for the subs in five bits as well as entity and tamtrann
Blasting through they pushed us over the edge
We're over the edge to where pepino you need to eat chocolate and cheese
Oh my god
Oh my god
Oh my god
Uh you had ported spanish fortnight
I've never played spanish fortnight, but could be even better than american fortnight. Yeah, you know, it's even better than that
Oh
Oh my gosh, I don't have any I can find chocolate and cheese on the
a pedonet
I can eat
Don't worry. This is gonna be easy for kind of fun. Is there a song about chocolate?
chocolate song
This'll work. I need my chocolate though
Wait, wait, we gotta pause this till I'm ready
We're taking it way back
Chocolate, please
Chocolate, please
Chocolate for pepino, please
Oh geez this is gonna be annoying to find
Oh
Where's my chocolate? Where is it?
I
Oh, let me get any of this shit that I want
Okay
Give me my chocolate. Give me the chocolate
You'll never believe this but downloading png's online is really annoying. It's still not working
Why is it like this?
Please let me have my chocolate. It's all I want
It says my download will begin shortly, but it's not the pito. What's going on, man?
Isn't there a dog say chocolate? Yeah, it's safe for me to enjoy because I'm a cute little guy and I want it
But that's not the qualification for a thing being safe for a dog to eat pepito
You're gonna poison the shit out of yourself and I'm gonna have to clean up the mess
as I feel like I often do
And uh
But I there's no point in me even saying anything because I know you're I know you're just gonna do it anyway, aren't you?
You're just gonna do it anyway
Okay, I think
What do I have chocolate? Where's my chocolate? Where's my fucking chocolate? Okay, good
Thank you handsome at last
at last
Rebrace yourself for me. What the fuck it didn't download right either
Oh my god, why is the internet like this? It used to be so much better. I swear
Chocolate rain
I am human
Oh my god. I have to solve a caption. Okay. This is unacceptable
This is unacceptable
I'm just gonna eat
Something close to it
We'll just say this counts
Okay, anywhere's my song
Let me
Wow, look, it's milk chocolate
It's milk chocolate and cheese
Yeah
Bring it to me
Bring me the chocolate
More more oh wait now I need a little bit of cheese
More cheese, please. Oh good. There's more cheese. I also need more chocolate
Oh, yeah, it's upside down this time
That's just that's great. This is real
Okay, now just to balance that out a little bit of cheese
All right
Okay, now we're going to combine the two upside down cheese and chocolate
Um, let's just do a little combo attack here
Okay, I feel great
I feel completely fine
Pepito, there's no way
You ate that cheese in a confusing way
Slurping it into your mouth like a black hole. Yeah, that's how I eat
Okay, and it's definitely going to do damage to you. I feel really good. I feel completely fine
And I don't have any problem
I feel like a little weird. Oh my god. What's going on with you, Pepito?
Oh my god guys. I think I need to get Pepito to the emergency room
I don't understand what's happening to him right now
Pepito, I told you not to eat all that chocolate
I don't think Pepito is fine
Pepito seems very not fine to me
Pepito, are you sure?
Are you sure that you're okay?
You look kind of
Honestly, you look kind of fucked up
Pepito
Hello
Sorry guys, Pepito's
He's being pretty weird right now
Pepito, are you okay?
Pepito, are you fine?
Can you come in Pepito?
What the fuck?
Pepito, I think you need to I think
Pepito just take a deep breath
Take a big deep breath, okay
And then just cough and I'm good
Okay, if you
What I just find the whole time it when I just because I had to burp
suddenly
It's dangerous
That was a burp. Yeah, I just had to burp
Pepito, you've changed forms three times and your voice got like a hundred decibels lower
Yeah, I had to burp
Okay. Well, anyway, um, thanks for the hype train everybody
Pepito, thanks for whatever that was. Thank you all for feeding me cheese and chocolate. I feel good
It's part of my balanced diet. I'm a dog and I'll see you soon
All right, I guess let's check back in with chat
Um
And then eventually we'll get to club and time uh chat. You still standing by buddy still there
Obviously I never left. I mean I did but I am back
Uh, how did we make the first dog monstrosity the new producer? He is he has been producer for quite a while
And I'm not blaming you chat
But you didn't have the choice to vote him out and you didn't they had the choice a couple times and now
Eventually he'll get a co-producer maybe
You do blame chat
I mean, I never blamed you. I'm sort of a man of the people. I think case blames chat
I I'm not against chat case is sort of anti chat since when it's I do a whole stream with chat
He's anti he's sort of against he's sort of he's like a dictator basically
Ah this stream is mine
It just it's sort of functionally is
I don't think anybody else wants it chat. I'll take it off your hands
You're on it too. Anyway, the point is
Air is I'm trying to set us up to say that air is change
Giggle trash knows this that's why they're dropping this up in support
Of the ending of eras the beginning of eras the reign of kings the return of the king
Don't bring up the return of the king. I'm a huge fan of
of returning kings
That sounds like a good name for a website actually or a book. Yeah, it's a good name for a book. Okay
I did also get a haircut
Love all 60 things
Hey, yeah, papito could use his own segment. Are you gonna get papito his own segment case?
I guess I don't know what he would do. I mean eat cheese and chocolate
You need to find a better way to feed him
Cheese and chocolate if I'm gonna make people sit through that more regularly
They've already made him sit through it twice
Anyway, eras change ask taylor swift ask the ottoman empire
People the stuff just happens and right now apparently it's the end of the mr. Beast era
I'm fucking sad to see it happen
But I guess he's like not popular anymore and nobody watches his shit
um
Looks like we're also going to the movies today
No, I think he's he's more annoyingly popular than ever from what I can tell which makes me wonder if this uh
Might be jumping the shark a little bit with this story
Case the new crow is out and it's bad. Wait like the crow
The the crow with the sting makeup with stings the thing that stings stole the makeup from
Oh, I didn't realize they're making another one
Okay, well what we need to get through this mr. Beast story
And then it's a hurry chat
Don't rush excellence
I read at
I've been told I read at like a third degree pace
Like so fast it'll give you a third degree burn. I read at a third degree pace
I don't think that's what they're telling you
Well, the point is
Don't rush me
Mr. Beast may never quit youtube, but his game is changing
The game done changed
You love the og crow film. I mean yes, mr. Dev. It's I think it's a classic
You think it's a classic as far as I know it's a classic
I think it's pretty good. I mean it's also got the mystique of
Well, you know the obvious
Of it inspiring the sting makeup. Um, yeah, we'll just say that
The graphic novel is good. I've never read
The graphic novel
Remakes are truly never ending now. That's true. That is true
But like shakespeare said just write the same shit again and again
I don't know. Maybe we need to rewatch that that could be the watch along movie with cast one of these nights
The crow to prep us for
This bill scars guard crow
Bill scars guard. Okay. Look. I got to talk mr. Beast for a second and then we'll talk crow. You can talk crow all day
You'll be eating crow
I don't think people remember that saying. Uh, that's a saying. I was just thinking that's the thing you could eat
In the fall 2023 a clip rip from a video about tom simmons and reposted on x so irish youtube entertainer shon
Jack septica. I make lawful
You know that guy said to edit a video that heavily featured him
Anyway, jack septica. McLaughlin strapped to a lot of texture tests. His friends were gig uh, were grilling him about everything
Like whether or not he still enjoyed his job as a youtuber and how much money he had in the bank
Though sensitive none of the questions fazed mclauglin
Uh video star with millions of subscribers on youtube to truly rattle him
His friends had to pull out the big guns questions that if answered honestly would make him squirm
His youtube gotten worse as a platform. They probed yes
McLaughlin ants ants word still not missing a beat
And he said jimmy mr. Beast Donaldson used youtube's biggest crater was to blame and that
When thus was born the greatest feud of the century jack septice jack sepsis sepsis and mr. Beast
um
Maybe
I don't know
My favorite scar scar scarms has to be stellar skateboard. Is there a scars guard named stellar skateboard?
Yeah stellar skateboard scars guard. That's a good scars guard stellar skateboards
I don't know if i've seen stellar skateboard in any movies
Yeah, you gotta check out stellar skateboards scars guard. Oh man, I'll get on that and check out stellar skateboards scars guard
Though his friends expected in mclaw
McLaughlin mclaw glines answers shocked the internet with the reputation for generous stints that give ordinary people
Cars Houses and Thousands of Dollars, but anything a Mr. Beast has a kind of philantropic
figurine representing some of the best YouTube has to offer.
His building is at the once self aggrandizing yet selfless on podcast.
He frequently reminds his 241 million subscribers that he's at the top precisely because all
he ever does is YouTube and all he wants to do is entertain people.
He lives in his own recording studio.
OK, there's a lot of good stuff about how he's I guess the they're kidding and
it's fine. He's good.
He's a nice guy.
Mr. Beast with two backs that.
Oh, no, is he like the biblical beast?
Is he this is he secretly Mr. Satan?
No, I think he's just a YouTuber that really loves views.
OK. Mark of the Beast.
I mean, this story is.
Seems to be about how he's cool, but it's called his death.
The idea of that Mr. Beast throws all the money he makes and it's
considerable back into doing YouTube videos is is practically lower.
Well, I love lore. Is this a lore dive?
Yeah, this is a Mr. Beast lore dive. Oh, I'm getting into it then.
There's little regard for his personal
profit or so he says he tells viewers that he employs a sizable
percentage of his hometown and he still lives modestly.
A segment of his fortune goes towards philanthropy and in many of his
videos, he finds ways to give people valuables, viewers,
dream of running into Mr. Beast and his oodles of cash.
Again, I don't.
It seems like this.
This is all about how he's fucking coolest and he's chill and he gives money.
Well, I don't see a problem here.
You're familiar. Do you know who Mr. Beast is?
Right. I usually I know Mr.
Beast is, dude, because I'm a fucking player and I love views and I love fucking
and I juice that algorithm and I fucking milk it.
I milk that algorithm straight into my milkshakes and then I mix it up
and then I chug that shit down.
I mean, I get it.
OK, so this video, this seems to just be a video about how he's cool.
It's an article.
Well, but once I say it, it becomes a video.
We're doing a video right now.
Like my boy, Mr.
Beast, everything I do is a video.
All right, whatever.
We can skip ahead.
Yes, they're establishing that he's those philanthropic videos
and he's extremely popular and et cetera, et cetera.
OK.
The fire wasn't just from sycophantic passerby in the replies to the clip.
Top creators with millions.
Wait, oh, whoops.
He builds wells in Africa.
How could anyone have anything bad to say about Mr.
Beast? Who would dare?
Well, they're really they're really juicing this up.
And so the internet came down on McLaugh,
McLuhan, McLuhan.
The fire wasn't just psychophantic passerbys
in the replies to the clip.
Top creators with millions of subscribers
came to Mr. Beast's defense.
There's incadrility.
There is indignity.
Nobody would say such a thing unless they were jealous out
of their mind, the reply suggested.
But McLuhan seemed to be in a fair state of mind
based on his explanation.
And by virtue of having been on YouTube,
he was just ex-executized for years up to that point.
He inherently was an authority
on how the platform had changed.
In the Q&A video, Mick Lee, Mick Lee Lane,
it says that Mr. Beast made YouTube worse
by shifting the focus to be about more views, money,
and popularity over having fun.
It wasn't superficial.
Mick Gee argued Mr. Beast's videos were longer
and we'd seen more of him having a good time.
So basically, this is just all a long way to say
that Jacksepsis Fry is a fucking hater.
It's Mick Loughlin, but yeah, Jacksepticeye,
because I think how you say his name.
And I don't know why they're bringing up
Jacksepticeye so much.
Hopefully there's more going on in this article.
Oh my God, it's not a video.
It's a video now, because we're saying it.
Did they mean to say there was indignation, Lil?
Not sure they meant indignity.
I mean, I'm sure I read it right.
So they probably miswrote.
I've never misspoke.
You've never misspoke.
Everything I say is with intention and force.
Months later, the Caustic exchange is emblematic
of an ongoing tension coursing through the heart of YouTube.
This tension has only grown more visible
as Mr. Beast's content has started dominating the platform,
signaling a paradigm shift.
As YouTube strategist Zachary Smigel explored
in a recent video, we've seen a distinct,
we've seen distinct errors start
and end on the platform at first.
YouTube prioritized prized authenticity
and the prototypical creator was recording
out of their bedroom out of an iPhone.
Once real money came to the picture,
then it became hardcore sick ass videos
like nowadays where it's fucking lit
and everybody loves it.
I still think there's a lot of shit.
Well, I guess everything is a DSLR look on YouTube
now with tons of editing.
So maybe they're saying that's ending.
Paradigm shift, buddy.
The camera ready smosh you see today
whose goofs blew up in the advent
of curated social media presence on platforms
like Instagram is very different from the amateur duo
who started the channel back in 2005, for example.
You work with Smosh, they fucking changed.
Are they fucking changed?
Smosh, I honestly never watched the original Smosh.
I'd heard of Smosh, but I never watched it
until way later in their life cycle
when I worked at G4.
So I can't relate to that particular one,
although obviously I've heard of Smosh.
You got a Smosh, dude.
The poll is MrBeast.
Is he dying or is he thriving?
What do you think?
I'll let chat decide as I continue to read.
If you're gonna continue to read, I will read.
Do I have to read all this?
Well, we could hurry it up, I guess.
G4 is my first exposure to Smosh, yeah.
Not me, I'm actually very well read,
and that's why I watch every video.
Chat, videos and reading are two different things.
Can we at least agree on that?
No, we cannot.
MrBeast embodies the Austin Powers' era of YouTube.
So fully that some like Smeagol consider the platform's
current phase synonymous with Don Nelson.
You see influences everywhere
in the types of boisterous content people make,
the brisk editing styles populating
all of YouTube's trending content,
and even in the way YouTubers style their thumbnails.
Up until recently, MrBeast had the biggest video
on the platform.
Rare is the video that doesn't take cues
for MrBeast's signature endlessly meme-able reaction phase.
What's his reaction phase?
Probably like.
Does he have a, isn't his face just sort of like a
a placid, empty, incredibly generic face
that you can project whatever you want onto it?
Is he endlessly meme-able?
I feel like the whole point is he's removed
any sense of personality from his videos.
Oh, no teeth?
Wait, okay, is there MrBeast meme-face?
Is this the thing I'm unfamiliar with?
I guess it is.
I mean, I know the fucking thumbnail smile.
I don't think this is it,
but this is certainly funny-looking.
Oh my, oh yeah, this is the MrBeast meme-face.
There he is, there's MrBeast.
He looks good, I can see why he's,
I can see why he's in success.
Makes sense.
He's thriving.
Look, Shadow Grease, he's fucking thriving.
And this story is gonna be lucky if it's surviving
because it's kind of winding around.
Does it feel like they're trying to hit a word count
a little bit here to me?
Would be nice if they got to any thing
remotely new at some point, but we'll keep going.
MrBeast copycats are a plague on YouTube.
Okay, this is all shit we know.
With MrBeast, it feels like you were watching
a millionaire live out his fantasy, smoggle-toe polygon.
And with you, it's like watching a teenage boy
with very little allowance live out his dream
to barely do the news.
You bitch.
Shut, just focus on the story.
You don't have to go into burn mode.
I'm adding some lightness to it.
I'm adding some light and love to this
humdrum, slow ass fucking video.
Oh my God, I just keep reading.
In a different context, this calculated approach
to videos might raise questions about the value
and the meaning of his art,
except MrBeast's brand of hustle culture
has become a de facto part of YouTube's
dominant aesthetic.
Wait, in a different context,
this calculated approach to videos might raise questions
about the value of his art.
Oh, well, that's so we don't have to question it.
I'm not a huge fan of the way this article is written,
I'll be honest.
I like the idea that no one is questioning MrBeast's art,
even though this entire article is about whatever.
Despite taking offense to McLaughlin's assessment
and saying he wouldn't have given up
to 14 years of his life to something
that he wasn't having fun doing,
Donaldson also acknowledges the hardship of the work.
Specifically, he frames it as a form of self-improvement,
which has allowed him to evade tough questions
in interviews Donaldson candidly revealed
the tough conditions that make his videos passable,
like building a frying group that constantly criticizes
his output and acts in expensive fully finished videos
that he's unsure about.
Oh my God, he'll do a whole video and just pull the plug.
I'd heard that before, but apparently, yes.
Yes, that's the thing he do.
We're almost a quarter through the article, oh my God.
Chet, you gotta, we gotta summarize this bad boy a little bit.
How am I supposed to read and summarize it at the same time?
He's analyzing videos.
He likes, wait, okay.
He's described spending countless hours
obsessing over every detail down
to the optimal brightness of a YouTube thumbnail?
Is that a thing he did?
I'm obsessing over every little thing.
Even simple things like when you click on a video,
the brightness in the video matters.
Like if it's a little too dark, people are more
up to click off and not watch it, you know,
because not everyone has their phone screen brightness.
You did something with your mouth being open
or closed in the thumbnail, and it changed click throughs.
That was a new AV test.
You know, obsessing over.
That's fucking, that is so deep.
Kate's brightening our asses up.
What, no.
Papito, blast the lights, dude.
Papito, light us up.
Yeah.
Okay, now people wanna watch.
Don't click away.
We're brighter.
We're really bright now.
Yeah, we've never looked,
we've never looked more engaging.
This is fucking beautiful, man.
I feel like I'm empowered by the sun now.
Fuck, we lost our place in the video.
It's a fucking article, chef, please.
I will refuse to call,
I refuse to call it what you want me to.
Anyway, this is the new look for the stream.
Don't change it.
I've got a glowing green aura of power emanating off of me.
Okay, where were we?
Anyway, were we not?
Is this the longest article of all time?
Okay, I kind of lost.
I sort of fucked this up by clicking on that thing.
You gotta focus up, chef.
Okay, from the very start of his crazy
YouTube or MrBeast funds come from sponsorship brands
who are happy to drop cash for a viral video.
This lighting is killing me.
How do you even read like this?
Look at that, isn't that so much more calming, chef?
Everyone's gonna click away now.
A debate has been demanded.
All right, this article is insanely long
and making very few points.
So I'm gonna just straight jump to the end of it.
That's one strategy.
That's one audience retention strategy, chef.
I say let's give it a shot.
Okay, MrBeast isn't the best YouTube has to offer.
He's just made it that rhetoric his brand.
Okay, so this is just sort of a long talking shit article.
On some level, Donaldson must feel a ground shifting
underneath his feet on X.
MrBeast's updates say that he's been trying new things.
He's screaming less and messing around with his friends more.
Real ass friends.
Oh my God, guys, there's too much to get to.
No, there's never enough to get to.
Now you're thinking like MrBeast.
Keep getting, keep getting to it forever.
I can't even finish this one video.
Oh my God, it's an article, but fine.
If Donaldson is right, then McLauglin is right.
The question of whether or not audiences
are evolving tastes, this is just like,
this is like talking to like a college kid
in like a media, like in a media studies class.
They just corner you and they're like,
you really thought about the cultural impact
of MrBeast on YouTube and sort of the shifting errors
of YouTube and then they just fucking lay in.
I think we'll just call this article a bit of a bust here.
Read the last paragraph for us
because I got to speed run some segments today.
I mean, if you need me to sing, I will.
Yeah, you can be the guest on music, okay?
I will do that.
In a recent video about subjecting somebody
who's worse fear to MrBeast sets off a fake explosion
during a simple explanation of the parameters,
but unlike in the past,
it's easy to keep track of the jump cuts,
excessive as they might be,
rather than squeezing in a quick preview
of the most sensational moments of his video at the start.
He usually does Donaldson lingers on his subject
for Smidgemore and evolution is,
you know, if it's all in the details is underway.
Viewed using jestery and that was a beautiful story
and well thought out and good thing you pulled that up.
Chat didn't recommend that one.
It just popped up in my feet of stories
and I was like, oh, someone talking shit
about MrBeast might be fun.
And my hater instincts were not rewarded here.
Now they had some good points.
Like, did you know MrBeast uses jump cuts
and a lot of people don't like them?
I did know that a lot of people didn't like them.
I could probably quickly find someone who doesn't,
somewhere in this studio.
Where's someone who doesn't like MrBeast in our studio?
Who could it be?
We'll never know.
Okay, I feel like we all graduated to second grade.
Yeah, that really did feel like a high school freshman.
Just had to write an article for Polygon.
But I do appreciate that he obsesses over thumbnail brightness.
What can you do?
At the end of an era, the article called it.
Let's just really quickly take a look at how many views
the latest MrBeast video has.
So we can really feel the impact this article is having
on the MrBeast era.
Oh my God, it's like immediately getting attacked.
Oh no, he might be screwed.
Oh my God, MrBeast might be screwed.
Only 130 million views and he hasn't posted a video
in 12 whole days.
What's he gonna do?
Oh yeah baby, give me your sweet video deep inside me.
I love it, I love it.
I guess just weep.
Thank you so much for the 750 bits.
We got some segments to get to.
So let's get to him.
We'll start off with our boy Clementine.
We have to talk to him in a minute.
Ask him about, I guess ask him if he knows
where Princess Diana is.
No, it's Kate Middleton.
Oz, she's still got, shouldn't she be Princess Kate?
I think she is.
Shouldn't she be Princess Upperton?
She shouldn't be in the middle anymore.
She's like, she's top tier now.
Thanks for being here, Jeff.
And thanks to all of you.
Though the story that I read was more opinion than news.
The top story is that unlike MrBeast, my era is immortal.
And when Ozzie Mainlias saw
that there were no more chets to conquer, he lifted.
And I lifted your spirits today
and I'll keep lifting the news, which was now.
Goodbye.
He's a poet every time.
Okay, let's send it over to Clementine.
We haven't checked in with him in a minute.
Hope he's doing okay.
And Card King, let me know what story you wanted
if you're still around.
I'll need to prep the Clementine bit
before we get to the story.
It's a bit shocking.
Well, you can chat with him for a second.
I'm sure he's got nowhere to be.
Where's my fucking smoke?
My smoke transition isn't working.
It's upsetting to me.
Oh, well, whatever.
I'm here, I'm Clementine then.
Good to see you, I'm back.
Get the story off my screen.
I'm not covering that yellow journalism.
Don't let the white and red confuse you.
Journalism is yellow unless it's coming
from a realm of pure truth
and only I knew exist on that realm currently.
So basically the only real stories are right here,
which is where the truth is.
It's good to see everybody.
Am I ready to find the truth?
Card King, I'm not afraid of the truth.
In fact, I feed on it.
If anything, I'm hungry for the truth.
There's no coming back from this.
I'd never want to return from the truth.
So there's really nothing you can say
that will scare me off the scent
of the tasty snack of truth.
Like really, this is incredibly stupid, but dangerous.
But sometimes the most dangerous starts of all
are really like not particularly good thoughts.
You know what I mean?
House of Illuminati, the company
behind the Glasgow Willy Wonka experience.
Use a website that had a year previously
then used as an Illuminati recruitment site.
Wait a minute.
The Willy Wonka scandal uncovered.
Is this stories from, all right.
I'm gonna look up Willy Wonka Illuminati.
We're gonna get to the bottom of this.
This is extreme.
I don't know why you thought this was stupid
for even a second.
I could smell it through the screen
that that candy wasn't just candy.
It was sugar, it was mind control serum
in the form of sugar.
Stortifying our brain growth with low tier Willy Wonka
trying to get us to accept unreality as reality.
They think the unknown's some kind of joke.
They put in a mask.
The unknown can't be masked or unmasked.
It's unknown.
I sniffed the Illuminati in that candy
from a mile away sniffing candy on my table.
Wait a minute, all right.
All right, are you the first person to uncover this
because I better go to YouTube really quick.
Surely that I have something on YouTube.
Willy Wonka scams kids with AI.
The Wayback Machine revealed the truth.
House of Illuminati.
Card King, do you have any sources on this
that I could click on?
Because I'm extreme, check the back feed.
I'll drop the Wayback link.
That's exactly what I'm looking for.
All right, now we're on to something.
Was our just collection of empty potato chip bags.
That can't be it.
Wantonamand going to ink sex dolls.
All right, all of this is compelling,
but it's not about Willy Wonka.
Let me see.
Willy Wonka.
Oompa Loompa actress.
Says it wasn't okay.
That's from a couple days ago.
Is it in Robbie's wholesale market?
I'm really bad at using the computer, unfortunately,
because I'm so dedicated to the truth.
I'll limit my screen time.
Oh, thank you so much.
There we go.
Open, open the Discord app.
I've got Discord right here.
That I clicked on the back feed.
A doo, doo doo.
Bornhub pulls out of Texas.
Troubling stuff.
Oh, there it is for Vern.
All right, we got no.
All right, here we're now talking
about the house of the Illuminati.
Look at this troubling, excuse me,
look at this troubling website.
What's happening here?
It's English male Fiona.
Hey, Fiona's upgraded her wavelength
to one that happens to be slightly closer to mine.
An awful one.
It's supported.
I'm proud of her.
She's finally on the wavelength of pure truth,
just like we are.
Let's get a little mysterious music going
while we read this.
Welcome to the house of Illuminati,
a realm where fantasy and reality converge
to create unparalleled immersive experiences.
Our journey is fueled by a passion for bleeding, blending.
Oh, Freudian slip or a truth slip.
I'll let you be the judge.
Our journey is fueled by a passion
for blending art technology and storytelling
into unforgettable events
from avant-garde performances to grand, interactive gowers.
Each event is a meticulously crafted adventure design
to evoke wonder and inspire the imagination.
At the house of Illuminati,
we're not just organizing events
for crafting extraordinary experiences
that linger in your memories,
inviting you to explore the extraordinary
and step beyond the ordinary.
It's just disturbing.
It takes a powerful organization
to write a paragraph like that.
They're describing worlds unknown.
What have they seen that we haven't seen yet?
This is non-Euclidean geometry at work here.
Most people don't have access to that kind of thing.
And yet they've just got it plastered
right on their website.
Look at this.
What's even happening here?
Where they find them angels?
How come they got a bunch of extra planets?
That's way too many planets.
Our events.
Mystique galas of avant-garde interactive.
Techno mystical, sorry, mythical.
Secret stories.
Look, they misspell stories
because they're too good to spell it like regular people.
They think they're so far above us.
In Shatter Retreat, December 16th, 2023.
The magic of Glasgow.
All right.
This is what I like to see.
They've hidden their texts.
They make you highlight it.
That's how hidden it is.
Greetings dear readers.
House of Illuminati welcomes you back to our blog
where we celebrate not only extraordinary events
but also the magic inherent to the city of Glasgow.
I'll prefer my Glasgow non-magic, thank you very much.
I'll just take it with some normal architecture
and cafes.
I don't need witches in my Glasgow, all right?
Let's see what they're, this is an actual photo
from one of their events.
Here's what we expect it should look like.
Let's see how close they got.
All right, the website is freezing.
Oh my God, it's basically the same.
It's basically a one-to-one.
Let me open this up so I can give you the,
there's the concept art.
Here's the event.
Basically the same thing.
I'm sure if you pan that camera up even slightly,
this floor is little, this roof is little
with angels and planets.
Check 2022 in the timeline.
All right.
I am overdue.
There's too much here for me to even get through.
2022.
Wait, aren't we at 2022?
Check 2022 in the timeline, all right.
Oh wait, we're way ahead of 2022.
I see how it goes.
I'm starting to get how the way back machine works.
April 25th, 2022.
Take me way back.
Uncle Phil, hang out as long as you like.
Oh my God.
This is just straight up a website for the Illuminati.
They're not even trying to hide it
by putting the word out in front of it.
We got boys, we found them.
Through the power of time travel via the internet,
we can't be, we can't be stopped,
but it is a little frightening.
Welcome to the Illuminati, one world organization.
We appreciate your interest in our organization.
Use our official website for details
on our members, contact information,
how to join the Illuminati, our beliefs,
archives and more.
They're not even hiding it.
They're literally saying, come and get us.
Oh, what a surprise.
When we click join us, they haven't,
the way back machine couldn't even archive that,
probably because they blocked it.
They're just teasing us.
They're saying, here's the front door.
JK, it's locked.
Can we even learn more?
Oh my God, what a surprise.
Locked as well.
What's their purpose?
Locked.
What's their symbols?
Locked.
The symbol of the Illuminati?
The symbol is no access for you, plebs.
Our beliefs, the eternal circle, the eye, the pyramid.
All things that happen to be on American dollar bills
become a member.
I wouldn't dare just clicking on it for fun.
Benefits.
We all know the benefits.
Baby blood and sex and stuff.
All really dark things.
The globalist agenda, the pendulum power,
the maze of existence.
And I've been to a bunch of fairs
and I've never found the maze of existence.
I've been looking.
Occasionally, I'll just straight up go to Iowa
and be like, where's the maze of existence?
I'll be like, well, we've got a couple of mazes.
Like, well, where's the maze of existence?
I'll be like, sir, this is just an Iowa fair.
And I say, well, I'll tell you, it's unfair.
You're hiding this from me.
This entire, oh my God,
home of great men in the society.
Here he is.
I'm assuming a Koch brother.
Probably one of the emperors of pressure,
still alive for some reason.
And then these two guys,
I'm assuming they're presidents of a country or something.
I wouldn't put it past them.
The eternal elf of the Illuminati
or benefits focuses more on progress and improvement.
Life is too short for slow development.
They refuse to let us enjoy anything.
Take our time, move it at human pace.
They say, no, the relentless march of progress
is the only truth they understand.
But progress towards what?
Progress towards thicker mustaches,
bigger suits and fancier vests
with frills and little, and little cock belts.
What is with these little guys they wear?
They've got like a little,
just like a little pad, a little penis pad.
I guess they lift that up
and then they just do their evil wares.
This, I can't believe,
I can't believe how much they're given away
with this website for free.
Live connected, be transformed, change the world.
Well, I'm actually doing that just fine on my own.
Thank you very much.
The Illuminati welcomes those qualified men and women
who are interested in the possibility
of joining the brotherhood
to become a member of a fraternity
whose members and principals have shaped the world
in our history.
And I can see why.
Look at the quality of this website.
This is back in 2000.
Sorry, this is back in...
2022...
2020, 2020...
This is back in 22s, in the 22s.
2022.
Back when no websites looked this good.
People were still using GeoCities, I think,
or GeoSites or whatever.
But somehow the Illuminati had access
to a website of this quality.
Two whole years ago?
Suspicious. Maybe Arian's designed it.
I don't know.
How do they have the technology to make this website?
I don't know.
And I don't have all the answers
because they're not telling me.
Men and women age 21 and older
who believe in a supreme being
and meet the qualifications and standards for membership
are eligible to petition for membership.
We welcome men and women
of every country, religion, race, income, education
and in opinion, that's not true.
Now they're just straight lying to us.
It's literally only chubby old guys.
You've got to be either old or chubby or both.
And I'm not old enough yet.
So I don't even have a shot.
It kind of sucks.
They don't need to tell us we will find out.
I mean, I'm reading my way through it.
I'm hoping we do.
The Illuminati requires
that one cannot be compelled to join a fraternity
and that ESC must seek admission
based on his own free will and accord.
Therefore, he must pass through a register,
initiation master and what a surprise.
It's not, it won't load.
The process for becoming a member
is managed on our online platform.
The most secret place of all,
the first step towards joining
is to contact a registrar via WhatsApp
or email address provided on our website.
All right, where's the WhatsApp please?
Contact us.
Do you still, it still doesn't work.
Here's what we got to do, chat.
I can't believe this has happened.
What we need to do is find the Illuminati WhatsApp.
I could message him directly
and I can infiltrate your organization.
Thank you for bringing this to me, Card King.
You said it was silly.
I'll say it was anything but silly.
I'm deeply disturbed.
I'm deeply curious
because I've got a foot or mind full of knowledge.
And of course, I'm deeply committed
to at some point possibly Googling
the Illuminati WhatsApp and trying to find it
or maybe I'll type it into YouTube.
Let's see, I attended an Illuminati meeting.
Is this something anybody's had a man to do?
It's a five minute video on the Illuminati.
What's it like to be a freemace
in case you've ever wondered,
prepare yourself for the dark truth.
What is it like?
My God, look at these captains of industry.
It's in my grandfather was.
Really, he's admitting it.
And they were delighted
and I had to have an informal interview.
Got asked a few questions
and then the date was set for when I joined.
I had my joining ceremony
and then the rest is history.
And that was 20 years ago now
but I still remember it like it was yesterday.
My interest in freemasonry was very much sparked
at an early age.
I remember seeing my father and grandfather
going off to the meetings
and very much enjoying their freemasonry.
I've become very much attracted to the history
and this has been surrounding freemasonry.
At the same time,
I was very much heavily involved with the scouting
before going to university
and freemasonry for me very much followed on from that.
So I joined freemasonry for a few reasons.
These men are so deeply interesting.
To extend my...
This is how they accumulate power
via this level of charm that they're currently displaying.
I wanted to know a bit more about the history of freemasonry.
I was asked to join by a good friend of mine,
my next-door neighbour.
And at the time, he asked me to put a letter
into the lodge that I was interested in joining in
and what I could offer the lodge as a man
and the things that I could to bring.
As a man?
Once that was a letter, I went in for a short interview,
met some of the guys,
and I was happily approved, which is great.
What perks you get and what the Alley is giving you?
When I joined freemasonry,
I thought I was just joining a single lodge.
But actually, I've joined a much larger community.
I've made very good lifelong friends
from a number of different lodges.
We now have a young mason's club
called the Essex Cornerstone Club.
Young mason's? But you ain't looking that young, mate.
What's that mean?
It's like-minded individuals to come together
and take my social and charitable activities throughout the year.
So in freemasonry, we sometimes have to stand up
and do some talking.
And the good thing about that
is that I can take that back to my work environment
as a transferable skill.
So being able to have that confidence
and stand up and talk to people.
I can see the confidence emanate off these men.
They've got their penis pads on.
They've got their fancy sashes.
I don't think I would have had the opportunity
of meeting before.
I travel for work quite a lot, so whether that's local-
Oh, you found a number?
Like a phone number for me to just call?
Across the world.
I think secondly, it's given me great life skills.
In our lodge meetings, we stand up and we present and we talk,
and that's great.
And we do the same.
I'm waiting for the orgy to start,
because this is a little dry, I'll be honest.
I mean, I like that they've got a bunch of thrones
that are golden stuff.
So that's what I expect.
It's sounding slightly more like describing your accountant job
than I was expecting.
All right, here we go. Now, this has got to be juicy.
This has got to be juicy.
My initiation was actually very exciting.
All right.
Initially, it appeared quite daunting.
The actual ceremony itself was very personal and comforting.
And so in that, I will...
All right, because...
I was in a room with lots of people that I knew.
Okay.
Lots of people that I didn't know.
All right.
It was a warm, friendly environment.
How warm?
It was a fantastic story.
It really was.
Tell it!
Which continues throughout your Masonic journey.
What?
And then after the meeting, we had a lovely meal
and a few drinks.
Okay.
What kind of people was you eating?
My initiation ceremony is quite special.
Is the ages and occupations of everyone you ate?
What I was blown away by was the amount of work
that went in for that ceremony.
But lots of people that I've never met.
All right, much like the website,
they're obscuring the most exciting details.
They're not telling us how many people they ate.
They said that the reception was very warm,
meaning they were probably inside each other.
But how deep?
What sort of sexual rituals did they have to perform?
With people they know and don't know.
They're leaving all these details out,
much like clicking on the About Us page on their website
in the way back machine leads you to nothing but emptiness.
They're obscuring things even as they rub
their existence in our face.
These powerful captains of industry.
All of these guys is probably billionaires, millionaires,
I'm assuming.
This guy's probably a billionaire.
The disguised, probably the president of France.
I don't know.
This guy probably is like a CPA or something.
These are dangerous people.
And they're just telling on themselves all the time
and we let them get away with it.
But we have their number now.
I'd post it, but I'm afraid of doxing the illuminati.
That's true.
I don't want to be part of the problem.
Even though they're the biggest problem in the world,
they're controlling our minds.
I don't want to be rubed and they're smart on you.
Or running charity frauds in Scotland
and they use their money to do shit like potty planning.
Yeah, they've got such a big little theater thing
with all of their golden chairs.
Meanwhile, it costs me like $300 to rent out
a frickin' remodder in's community room.
Ridiculous.
And then it's getting this shit for free as a perk.
That's why they're in charge.
They want to do like an improv class.
They don't even have to pay.
They just use the giant hall.
All right, this is a lot to take in.
Card King, thank you so much for pointing this out.
Obviously, I was aware this kind of thing was going on,
but it's always disturbing to see how public they are
with this kind of information.
We exist.
We wear fancy sashes.
We have penis pelts that we wear over our crotches.
They got fun designs on them.
Where can you get them?
You can't.
They don't even sell them.
I've checked.
If I can find one, best believe I'll show it to you.
I'll wear it and I'll let you know how it makes me feel.
Everywhere.
Until then, stay safe.
Be careful on the way back machine.
It might take you all the way back
to some dark troughs,
like the Illuminati is openly among us.
I'll be back.
Maybe, you know, summon me whenever you like.
I had a nice three month break here, so.
But that, you know, don't be a stranger, chat.
I'll return.
And when I do, you know what will be right here.
That is, in fact, the truth.
Because the truth, as you know,
is right here on the other side.
It's just hard launching back to my face.
Somehow my, my transitions disappeared.
Oh, well.
Or take you back to the site
was for fashion called House of Narcisse.
You can go way back on this way back machine.
That is true.
You can go all the way back to 2007.
When?
Wait a minute, I could randomly show porn
if I'm not careful.
Huh.
No, it's still a very similar photo.
It's still House of Illuminati.
Oh, no, that's what I mean.
2023 didn't even load.
I want to go back to,
oh, if it's green, does that mean it wasn't red?
And I, you know, I never use this website.
I can't seem to go way back enough
to change it to a different website.
Like around 2010.
Damn, the Illuminati's,
either the way back machine just isn't,
isn't being real with me.
Skip to content.
All right, whatever.
I'm sure it, I'm sure it that you're completely right,
but for some reason of my land,
and it's not loading.
Anything but House of Illuminati.
Okay, well, deeply disturbing stuff, everyone.
Card King, thanks so much for the tip,
keeping us all informed despite my best efforts
about the troubling activity of the Illuminati.
The Illuminati exactly trying to delete
the entire year of 2007 Skymer.
Hosted.
Narciss, a famous zombie?
Oh my God, how deep does it go infinitely?
Okay, I think we have to go to the movies.
Speaking of infinite depth,
we got to speed run a couple of segments.
Let's set it over there.
I'm sure Trent's down to watch this Crow trailer
that I've heard less than good things about
from all of you, but let's see how it goes.
It's time for Trent at the movies.
Hell yeah, I'm back.
Get to see everybody.
It's your boy, it's Trent.
Like 2010, yeah, case doesn't get how computers work
because he's too old, so he couldn't even figure
that shit out, but I got you, dude.
Like, House of Narciss, Illuminati, they're all linked,
dude, fashion, Illuminati, I get it.
Oh, you get it?
Yes, I do get it, Chris, good to see you.
Well, that's very nice of you to say
good to see you as well, young blood.
Hope you're having a good day.
I am.
You don't have to say it angry, I'm just saying.
I hope you are.
And I am, dude, so chill.
Just making some polite banner anyway, Chris.
Good to see everybody.
That's my parole officer, he's got to be here.
Over five hours of lifespan going over it,
love the crow so much.
It's such a bad trailer.
Well, shit, let's start with the crow, then.
I'm fucking counting crows, and apparently
I'm counting them into negative numbers
because this shit sucks.
Not that I want to spoil the trailer,
but spoiler alert, brace yourself, apparently,
for some disappointment.
If I like it, though, I will be real with you
and I'll have to disagree, so let's just see.
Quite brilliantly broken.
Oh, shit, they're fucking right off the bat.
You feel like my pus.
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
I saw things.
I shouldn't have seen any of them.
Oh, no, she's getting asphyxiated.
Ah, damn, they did kill her.
If someone dies, a crow carries a soul
to the land of the dead.
Sometimes something so bad happens
that the soul cannot rest.
You put the wrong things right.
You were given the power of a god.
Dude, he just tanked that shit, no problem.
But you're running out of time to save her.
Oh, damn.
I'm gonna kill them.
I'm a single one of them.
He's gonna crow them.
I'm killed, you.
Yeah, you did.
We have a problem.
He came for us.
He's got the little samurai sword.
Shit.
Anger.
Wait a minute, is he?
It's not anger.
It's love.
What were you becoming?
You know that love promises only pain.
You know what the hell awaits you?
No, I do.
How many people do you love?
Yeah.
OK.
It doesn't look like the worst trailer I've seen.
I don't know what I mean.
He wasn't even in the white makeup.
It's well, you know, it's an updated looks.
A king of bacon, they made the crow little peep.
Just a little little peep.
You know, he's, um,
the problem is I relate to this story
because sometimes I'll fuck a girl who's so hot.
I'm like, damn it, the mob's gonna come kill me for sure.
What? You know, you fucking a girl like real good.
She's real hot.
You're both looking hot as shit.
You're like, fuck, the mob's gonna come kill me for this.
You think the mob kills you if you fuck too good
and you're both too hot?
If you're both like hot and tatted up,
the mob's probably gonna come kill you
if you fuck too good, which I do out basically every time.
And that's what they were guilty of in this trailer.
They fucked so good that the mob had to come kill them both.
Well, then I guess watch your back, young blood,
because all that real sex that you're having.
Yeah, the realest of sex.
Not the best music choice for the trailer.
You didn't like auto-tuned Ozzie into some kind of rap thing?
Oh yeah.
You know, it's the crow.
Oh.
I was sort of into that shit.
Like I hate to be at the center,
but like it was kind of my vibe.
Like he's a hot dude who's pissed and that's me.
You relate to it because he's a hot man that is pissed.
Yeah, dude, like where's our stories?
Where's our representation?
Those hot dudes that are pissed.
That's the most stories.
It's about an angry man who's ripped.
But this one really caught my vibe.
Like, that's the kind of shit I'd do.
Like the devil would come be like, your time's up, dude.
The mob got you for fucking too many hot chicks
and being too hot yourself.
I'd be like, hold up, Satan, I can't go to hell yet.
What I actually gotta do is fuck a few guys up
and he'd be like, bet, we'd dab our asses up
and then he'd shoot my ass straight back to earth
where I'd fuck people up.
It's just a story I relate to.
Well, I think it looks pretty bad.
Come on, it looks good.
It definitely does not look that great,
but that's fine, I guess you're at the exact target
already, audience Trent.
No, it's a timeless story.
Dabs you with my butt.
I'd dab up Satan's ass.
Dude, that thing has seen like centuries.
Like you don't wanna learn at the seat of Satan's asshole.
Who knows what tomes of knowledge exist inside of those?
Vaunted and evil cheeks.
You wanna learn from Satan's asshole.
I'm just saying if the opportunity presented itself,
the gaping asshole of Satan wants to whisper knowledge
into my face, I would allow it.
That's pretty weird, young blood.
I mean, it's a weird premise.
You're meeting the fucking devil.
He turns around, he talks to you out of his ass.
He dabs you up with his butt.
You just gotta go there at that point.
It's the fucking devil, dude.
It's super strong, he's supernatural.
All right, well, maybe we should just watch
a couple more trailers.
Should we watch the original trailer for comparison
to compare and contrast?
As my English teacher tells me to do?
I mean, I guess if you want to, we can compare and,
yeah, let's just do that.
Who once believed that when someone dies,
a croak can reach the end of the song and of the dead.
But sometimes, but just sometimes,
the croak can bring that soul back
to put the wrong things right.
I am.
Is that gasoline I snuck?
Oh, shit.
Victims, aren't we all?
It is thing.
The crow.
I added that in case I kind of miss
when they call out the titles like that, you know?
It'd be like, the crow.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I do.
So, I guess to be fair, that trailer,
not necessarily that much better
than the previous trailer.
I mean, I do like that trailer more.
Also, because I appreciate,
it's nice to see that old color palette
that they just don't do anymore.
Now everything's like orange and teal or brown,
but back in the fucking turn of the century, baby,
they weren't afraid to make everything blue and gray.
Just to push those highlights totally black.
I mean, sorry, those shadows totally black.
Push those highlights totally blue.
A nice, totally blue and gray world
with occasional fiery explosions.
I think that's sick,
and I do think they should bring that back personally.
To me, to you, it's a timeless film.
I agree, and it's time is now.
Watch that shit right now,
because it's timelessly right on time
to be sick as hell.
So have you ever seen the movie?
I just saw the whole trailer, and I'm a fan now.
You should watch the actual movie if, you know,
you wanna have an opinion on it?
I don't, I just saw basically enough of it.
And I'm a fan of both.
Both Old Sting Crow and New Juggalo Crow.
Well, no, Juggalo would still be wearing the white makeup.
New Post-2021 White Rapper Crow.
Yeah, I guess that is pretty much an MGK Crow.
Well, or just Jared Leto's Joker Crow.
You know, just face tattoo white guy Crow.
Yeah, that's, I guess that's right.
Crows, how do they work?
That's a good question, I mean.
All of God's creatures are a miracle of science.
God's creatures are a miracle of science.
I've never heard it put that way, Chris.
Yeah, I got a sort of way with words.
God's creatures are a miracle of science.
All right, nice.
Well, we crowed twice.
There's also a Godzilla trailer that I actually,
I saw Dune.
Oh, you saw Dune?
Yeah, what'd you think?
I did like it.
You had to think about that way too long.
I did like it.
I just like.
So like, I relate to a story about being a hot dude
that has to like kill a few motherfuckers
because they fuck with you for fucking too good.
But in this one, it's more like,
what if you saw the consequences
of you killing those motherfuckers?
And then consequences is bad,
but you stuck Dune it anyway.
And that's just kind of depressing for me.
Like, I can't even enjoy killing some motherfuckers.
You're upset that it was too dark and twist.
Yeah, it's like a real bleak story,
if you think about it,
because he's like a hot dude who fucks good,
but he's trapped by fate
to have to not even fuck as much as he wants
and instead be the king of sand.
And I don't relate to that exactly
because I kind of just like,
I would just sort of go in there like,
block, block, block, I take him out and I feel good.
All right, well, that's quite the review.
Thank you.
Those are my feelings on it.
New hero, where's my heart of the hunter?
The first, all right, let's watch some scary shit.
I'm kind of it ready to be,
oh my God, to be spooked right out by the first O-Man.
First O-Man, the first O-Man, let's see what's up.
You don't have to be afraid.
Then why are you making all these spooky noises, shit.
God has great plans for you.
Stop it.
This child is his way.
Oh, she got a mouth tattoo?
That's pretty cool.
There's this girl at the orphanage.
I think that she really needs someone to look out for her.
Carlito.
Suffer from a touch of madness.
You must be very careful, Margaret.
Ah, what the fuck?
She's got to happen around her.
Evil things.
She's so wet.
It's all for you, no, don't.
What does any of this have to do with Carlito?
Mother of what?
Margaret Develle.
Oh, shit.
No, a bloody ass girl said that shit.
This is very real.
God damn it, they got mine.
I was like, who said that?
And not even for a second did I think it'd be
some bloody ass chick, and then it was.
Sorry, you thought you were gonna call that
it'd be some bloody ass, if you had called what it was,
would you have not been scared?
In my head, I was like, maybe it's a wolf.
And then it was a bloody ass chick.
And I was like, fuck, they got me.
Well, you know, that looks,
it could be fine.
It's a little proud genre of
mid-tier horror movies that take place with nuns.
But isn't it based on a different story of nuns
from the 1900s?
Well, yeah, there's the old Damien movie.
Looks like it's following those beats.
I guess it's just a full,
is it a full remake of?
Well, no, I guess it's not, it's called The First Omen.
I don't really know, but they did the Damien thing.
Hmm, yeah, they did.
Oh well.
It looks fine.
Yeah, it looks more or less fine.
Ooh, there's a whole movie called Mammals.
Oh shit, I'm a mammal.
There's a whole movie for us coming out called Mammals.
Oh my God, this trailer features Coldplay.
Oh my God, Mammals featuring Coldplay?
What kind of mammal wouldn't this appeal to?
We gotta check this out.
We're finally in agreement.
We must have observed these mammals.
There are more than 6,000 species of mammals on Earth.
Man, and I'm one of these, or a couple of them.
I'm a mammal, I've been told.
And as our world changes.
You see that thing's fucking nose?
That's crazy.
Oh shit, here comes Coldplay.
Dude, Coldplay plus monkeys,
there's a good chance I'm gonna cry.
Ah shit, they're getting me.
Ah fuck, we all just Mammals.
You and me baby, we ain't nothing but this.
God damn it.
Surviving in the modern world.
Ah shit, dogs versus walrus.
Ingenuity.
Oh my God.
And a helping hand.
That monkey got fruit.
Ah that whale's fucking getting milk.
Ah dude, that's me.
That's me at school.
Shit, that elephant got loose as hell.
In this vast and unforgiving world.
Mammals have found a way to make it home.
Ah shit, he's tired dude.
He's gotta lean his head against his desk.
Damn y'all.
Shit's fucking beautiful man.
Cause like we is also that.
And sometimes you don't even think about that.
That we's also mammals.
And then you see them like drinking milks.
Or like eating a fruit underwater.
And you're like, that's just like fucking me.
I mean it was real nice trailer.
Featuring everyone's favorite band Coldplay.
Not a single person on the planet
that doesn't like Coldplay.
And there were totally an agreement.
I've never heard anyone make fun of Coldplay even once.
And if they did, it's on site for me.
Because they're my boys.
Coldplay's your boys.
Coldplay's in the rat pack, but as one member.
Exterminator, whoa, you're coming in from X exterminator.
You feel forgotten?
Well, I see you.
We see you.
Via the power of restream chat.
Dogs do love Coldplay.
There was at one point a dog versus a seal in that trailer.
That trailer really had it all.
It had monkeys.
It had water stuff.
It had an elephant just walking down the street.
That's a good one to end it on.
I think I agree with you there.
The power of mammals will see us through.
Whenever you're feeling down, just remember.
Like the Beatles said, you and me, baby,
we ain't nothing but not even Beatles, we mammals.
That's one of my favorite Beatles song where they say that.
Am I in two, youngblood?
Damn, it feels good.
Even you and I are both mammals, dude.
That's why I feel connected to you right now.
And even though I'm older than you,
in a sense, we're both connected
by the power of mammals and trailers.
And that's the truest shit of all, dude.
And the other true thing is that you fucking
know what it is and I'll be back later, y'all.
But I gotta go probably fuck a girl
and get killed by the mob for it.
See you later.
You know a guy who fucked a mammal once?
God damn, getting it in.
Xermade, I don't even realize you could chat on X.
Honestly, the main thing I've noticed from streaming on X
is that it fucks up my, it makes it impossible
for me to tell how many viewers I have.
Because my software tells me that I have
like hundreds of viewers on X, which I definitely don't.
But that's fine.
We'll let it inflate our numbers for no reason.
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
I can't ban you.
You can just, that's the secret hack.
You can go to X and just say all sorts of incendiary shit
and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
It says I have 102 on Twitter.
Yeah, I don't think I do.
I'm pretty sure Twitter just calculates
any even scroll past your live stream as a view.
Which is fun.
I wonder how Tucker has such high numbers on X.
Use those numbers to attract advertising.
Maybe you could.
I don't know.
I don't know if that's working for Elon even, so.
But maybe I can just claim.
I have literally hundreds of viewers on X.
Okay, let's, that's what we're all wondering.
I'm just wondering out loud, Uncle Phil.
Let us see.
I guess there's a chance just 100 lurkers
are somehow watching me on X.
We're gonna debate.
I gotta get through all these segments
before I clock out for the day.
So let's send it out to Munch and Crown, their scores.
They've nearly hit the point of convergence
and then what will happen?
I don't know.
It might be the end of time cop.
It might be the middle of Independence Day.
Who knows what the consequences will be
when Munch and Crown finally have even scores.
If there are 100 fans watching Case Black,
well, you're one of them.
Hell, yes.
If there is one of us, I am one of them.
There's 10,000 of us.
I'm 10,000 of them.
I'm a bot.
The bot army, I stole it from Kevin.
Kevin, give me your bot army.
I will take it.
But let's send it to the Munch and Crown army of two.
A two man debate army.
Let's see how they're doing.
It's time for Munch and Crown.
Hell, yes.
I'm back, still on top.
Never left the top.
Existing on the top permanently
with each and every one of you.
Good to see everybody in the chat.
All you Munch heads, like me with a beautiful head,
unlike whatever psychos keep voting for Crown as a joke.
You're here too, probably.
That's fine.
I know you secretly support me and not him
even when you vote for him.
And we don't even need to introduce Crown.
Let's just pretend he's not here.
Well, God damn it, Chris.
Crown, Crown, can you stop having people come sit
in your seat right when I throw it to you?
It's a fun bit for me, because it enrages you.
I'm calm as hell.
I'm feeling fine today.
Well, that was Chris stopping by.
You want to debate Chris today?
Yeah, I would rather debate Chris.
Well, too bad.
You're stuck with me.
I'm not going anywhere.
Not when I'm this close.
Not when I'm this close to fucking passing your ass.
CRIES
Please stop voting for him.
Just stop.
Why?
We're having fun.
No one is just just go back and watch yourself.
And just I do.
I watch every stream back.
For my section.
Just to check in with how I'm doing.
Take notes and prove.
This is you taking notes and improving?
What you just did was you taking notes and improving?
Well, I'm trying to be even more myself.
Me and my therapist are working on that
and I'm trying to infuse that into my debating.
He's like, Biden, we don't support him,
but he's better than the alternative.
God damn it.
On the alternative, I just realized
what that was a burning fuck.
Walked right into it.
Crown made me infertile.
That can't be possible.
Maybe you're standing too close to your screen
and exposure to the,
maybe you have an old TV,
the electromagnetic spectrum has fried your sperm.
So just step back from the TV
and don't blame me that I activate
a lot of fully bright white pixels on most TVs.
Just stop.
Just quit.
I quit.
I can quit you.
I'm the opposite of broke back mountaining you.
I quit you.
Well, what are we debating today?
Looks like we were called by Uncle Phil 2K.
I called the debate and we're having this out right now.
Okay, Uncle Phil, watch the debate.
I could probably scroll up and find it
and I'm sorry to make you
probably type it more than once.
Well, you should apologize.
Don't stop.
Keep apologizing.
I'm not apologizing to you.
Well, continue that apology straight to me for whatever.
Sting vs. the crow, that's it.
I'm throwing the gauntlet down.
Who's the stronger painted face freak?
Well, the original is the crow.
Oh my God, you're really gonna go get sting
and also, no, not the original.
Sting updated his makeup.
Kendall's calling.
Kendall's calling.
Did I answer that?
Wait, I'm gonna mute it really quick
so that I don't dox her for doing anything in particular.
Anyway, you're on,
Kendall, you're on the air now.
Oh, here in Los Angeles
is a sunny and nice 74 degrees
winds at a good 10 miles per hour.
Lots of trash in the air and many tornadoes.
Well, that's beautiful.
That's the weather with Kendall.
Thank you, Jeff.
How far away are you from the studio?
From the studio.
They made me drive 48 minutes out from the studio
just to get the same weather.
That's commitment and we appreciate it.
Absolutely Bob.
All right, well, we'll check in with you
in about 48 minutes.
It sounds good, William.
All right, talk to you soon, Miss Lynn.
Talk to you later, Stacey.
Thank you, goodbye.
She can call me Stacey
because we're cool like that
or whatever other name she called me.
I'm gonna start calling you Stacey.
Don't you fucking dare.
My name is Ralph Munchkut.
Well, I like Kendall with the weather.
Could we maybe keep doing that?
I don't know, she's busy.
Oh, okay.
Kendall on the 48th.
Anyway, we're debating the crow versus Sting.
Obviously Sting.
And you were just saying
before I was unruly interrupted
that the crow is the original face paint,
Sting's the original face paint.
Sting was face paint
and way before the fucking crow came out,
he just updated his face paint to be in the crow style.
Well, he still kind of caught the crow style.
All right, well, look,
if we can get a mod to make that debate,
I ain't gonna burn my debate
with this fucking wrong ass fool.
Obviously Sting is better than the crow.
Chat, if you turn against me here,
just know you're turning against Sting.
Oh, he's trying to placate
the wrestling fans in the crowd.
Well, too bad there's a bunch of Sting fans as well,
but I'd say even more than that,
there's fans of truth.
And let's be real,
the crow, that whole look, he invented it.
He's basically the joker before the joker.
He's after the joker.
The joker's first.
God damn it.
Make the poll or some shit.
Oh, me?
Yeah, I don't know, you do it.
Oh, okay.
Stacey first crime.
Yeah, we should change the graphic.
Thank you so much for making that poll
to our beautiful modge.
Okay.
Where's our poll?
There it is.
Who is the better mascot?
All right, look, I'm saying it's Sting.
Sorry, I'm saying it's,
I'm saying it's Sting.
Yeah, I'm saying it's the crow.
I understand that there's a lot of Sting fans.
I'm not, this isn't anything
that's Sting the wrestler.
He seems very talented,
but he did cop for probably his most recognizable look.
He borrowed from the crow.
And also I would say the face paint
is actually less essential to Sting,
who's got a whole wrestling career to back him up,
whether he's in a crow look or a non-crow look,
or even just his actual faces out.
I'd say the crow is the character.
It's even more tied to the look of his face paint.
And that makes him a more, more essentially
a face paint guy than Sting,
who I would say is a wrestler first
and a face paint guy second.
What does that even fucking mean?
Sting is the one with the iconic look.
When you see the crow makeup,
Sting made it his own in such a way
that now they probably had to change it
so that when people go to see the new crow movie,
they're not like, why is Sting in this?
They had to fucking make him
into like a face-painless juggalo,
just so that he wouldn't fucking step on Sting's shoes.
That's the power of the Stingster,
even in retirement.
It's still fucking Sting, baby.
They got a fucking bow to the actual mask,
master face-pain guy of Sting.
And he fucking, oh, he's fucking, he's fucking tapping out.
I'm not tapping out.
It's just so silly to even put the crow
in the same conversation.
I understand that he borrowed the look from there.
I guess in the same sense that an iPhone
borrowed the idea of phone from previous phones.
It doesn't mean that an iPhone
is in a substantial step up
to the old 90s fucking block phones.
The Sting took it to the next level.
It's the Stinger.
It's the Stinger Splash.
It's the B Stinger.
It's the, it's the Super Sting.
It's the fucking Belize Sting.
It's no way that you're gonna fuck-
Unbelievable.
Oh!
I got that one.
I got that one.
I think it caught the part where he's talking out.
No, this is all going in the sun.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry that we have an educated chat with good taste.
Well, no.
Hey, oh, you're crumbly.
Shoot, it wasn't there.
Whoa, this is ranger.
They just want to, they're playing with numbers.
You guys aren't playing with facts anymore.
You're not playing with debates.
You're playing with numbers.
And I think it's wrong.
I think it's wrong.
You don't want to steal these elections from me.
How many stolen elections is that now?
82?
It's a debate.
It's not election.
It's basically an election.
And I've had 82 elections stolen from me.
That means I'm like, I'm like Donald Trump times KOK 82.
You're Donald Trump KOK 82.
That's me.
I'm like Donald Trump if you went KOK 82.
That's not something even Goku can't do that.
We're going to update the score while you rant as usual.
But you're nonsense.
82, I'm only five away.
I'm only five away.
That's crazy.
I'm coming for you much.
I'm coming for you.
Why do you say it like that?
Your precious chat points.
S1000, 15,000 chat points.
You're fucking, these crumb super packs have got
not a control.
We need to get the dirty money out of politics
and get my clean money into politics.
I've already laundered that shit.
Just use my munch bucks and vote for me.
Dude, you're complaining that it's not
your money in politics.
And again, I'd like to point out that this is not politics.
This is an online debate show where the stakes are zero,
except for you, where the stakes are one million.
And when I beat you, it's going to unseat you
on a deep level to where you basically lose yourself.
You are unmoored from your basic sense of self
and you have to reevaluate everything.
And I'm so excited for that to happen
because that will be crumbly below.
You didn't even fucking...
You see what I did at the end there?
We were arguing.
I think I nailed that out.
You use crumb change?
Crumb change?
Wouldn't even fucking watch a t-shirt at a laundromat.
The main thing you need to change
is everything about yourself.
If you're voting for this, man, I'm sorry, chat.
You can do better.
You can literally do better.
It's I'm sitting here, you're sitting right...
Why is this TV up?
Why is this TV frame up?
Put that TV down.
Oh, sorry, I had my TV up.
You had your...
Okay, whatever.
Crumbing all over Michigan right now?
Crumbing all over Munch right now?
Sorry, not Michigan.
Munch?
Look, I'm...
You know, a lesser man would be concerned.
Put that away.
A lesser man would be concerned
that I've had 82 elections stolen from me.
But I'm the opposite of a lesser man.
A bigger man?
A moreer man?
The most man.
And as a result, I ain't even fucking sweating, chat.
Normally I'd yell at you.
I'd freak out.
I'd seem angry.
I'd seem upset that you're doing this to me,
but I'm not.
I'm fine with it.
Cause I get a fun joke for, I'm in on the joke.
I'm in on the joke.
It's my joke actually.
I wanna lose.
I wanna have this stolen from me.
So I'm excited for it.
And when it happens, I will celebrate.
You're going to celebrate when I beat you.
Well, when I, when they culminate this prank
that they're playing that I'm in on,
where we, it's we're carrying you,
where you think you won the prom date,
but the whole time you've been pigs blood.
What?
It's like if in the movie,
Carrie instead of dumping pigs blood on Carrie,
they just handed her a note and said,
actually you're pigs blood.
And then she looked at herself.
She's like, oh, shit, I am.
That would be so much dumber and worse.
Yeah, exactly.
What?
I'm calling you a fucking pig.
I, you call me pigs blood.
You can try to jujitsu your way out of this much.
But when I beat you, you will be crushed.
It'll be over for you.
You're gonna be done.
Says nobody.
Says literally you're nobody to me.
Like fucking Odysseus yelling at a cyclops.
You are fucking nobody, bitch.
So I guess there's no body to body.
You know, body you every day.
Pathetic, pathetic.
It's all coming around.
The reapers collecting his tokens.
The reapers collect, okay, whatever.
We're fine.
There's no guarantee he's even gonna ever beat me
because I could easily hop on a streak anytime I want
and just sort of stop all of this from happening.
Everything's more or less fine, I think.
And I'm swinging the shadows.
I'm swinging the fucking shadow of the hedgehog,
one of the most dangerous opponents of all time.
And I'm winning, not him.
Basically I'm fighting myself at this point.
The only thing I'm losing to is me.
And that's the opponent worth losing to.
I'm not crumbling.
I'm overcrowding.
I'm not even gonna use his name to make a pun.
I refuse to do that.
This is my show and I'll see you all soon.
I'm worried about crumb.
I'm worried about Munch.
I mean, I'm always a little worried about crumb
because I'm just how he is,
but I'm worried that Munch might dissolve.
He might dissolve like a cookie in the ring.
Let's see what else we go.
We're going to the streets and we're doing a music.
Let's polish these bad boys off.
Let's get out of here for the day.
Shout out to our hundreds of,
of very real Twitter viewers right now.
Hope you're having a beautiful day
on the Twixster platform.
Okay, let's send it to the streets.
What's seven?
The Twitter bot army is tearing things up right now.
Let's send it to the streets.
If you have any opinions,
now would be an incredible time
to throw them into the chat.
Heck, I can bring them up right here on this screen
just like that.
And I will.
So throw your opinions in the chat if you do have them
because it is time to kick it to the streets
with our boy Trip Bradstein.
Let's see how he's doing.
I am on the streets, dude, dude, dude.
I'm Trip Bradstein.
I'm on the streets, dude, dude, dude, dude.
I don't know what I'm, no.
Yeah.
I'm out here.
I'm out here.
I'm pumped up.
I need some ponds come today by accident
while slurping up pond water.
Where do I get a lot of my water?
And I think it actually had kind of a fun effect on me.
I'm feeling loose.
I'm feeling slightly out of my mind,
but in a way that I like.
You know, like when you eat like a really fragrant chip,
like a salt and vinegar chip that's been overflavored
and you're like, what the fuck?
But then you're kind of like, okay.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
What out here?
If you have an opinion,
throw it in the chat.
Fucking LeBron that shit.
Straight into the chat
and I will dunk that opinion onto the streets.
In fact, I see a hot opinion
approaching the streets as I speak.
A hot street opinion,
ready for me to lap up with my street mouth.
Let's see.
Just one second here.
Pa pa pa pa pao pao.
What the frick?
Technical difficulties.
Okay, okay, okay.
There it is.
Okay, now I'm ready.
Now I'm ready.
I see that opinion.
Oh my gosh.
Sorry, everyone, my chat.
The opinion collector is being very annoying.
Where the fuck?
Where the shit?
God damn it.
There it is.
Sometimes it's just such a struggle
to find the right opinion out here,
but don't fret.
Oh my God.
Is this who I think it is?
It's been a minute since I've talked to this guy.
But maybe it's a different guy.
I'm gonna hope it's a different guy.
This guy always fucking chaps my ass.
Let's see how he's doing though.
Excuse me, do you mind talking to me?
Well, speak of the Cadillac de Ville of interviewers.
Good to see you, Tripp.
You look familiar.
I feel like maybe we've
crossed opinions in the past.
No, I'm a different, I'm a new guy.
Totally different guy.
Anyway, Tripp, what does it mean
when your poop looks like it has metal shavings in it?
Also, I'm secretly a vampire duck.
What does it mean when your poop?
Okay, I'm gonna take this question by question.
Well, I try to figure it out if I remember you.
What does it mean when your poop looks like
it has metal shavings in it?
Well, I'm just wondering if like,
what does that mean health-wise?
Is that more of an abstract, just general question?
Like, should I read it like the entrails of a goat?
As I try to predict the future?
I guess what do you mean?
I don't know.
When I poop, sometimes I look down and I'm like,
damn, that looks like metal shavings.
On a literal level, I think it would mean
that you're probably eating metal.
Probably metal shavings are in your food.
Just running through the rolodex of snacks.
Did I get a little metal in my,
hmm, that little metal in my grits?
You're eating grits?
Well, you know, I like grits.
They're like mashed potatoes, but for breakfast.
Okay.
And you can put anything in them.
I guess now that I think about it, I did.
I had some metal shavings and I was like,
I love the movie Transformers.
I wonder if I eat these if I'll become Optimus Prime.
Alexander, thanks for the raid.
You ate metal shavings because you thought
it would turn you into Optimus Prime.
Yeah, now that I think about it,
now that you think about it,
now that I think about it, yeah.
Well, that's why you,
that's what it means that you ate metal shavings.
Nice.
I knew I am a secret vampire duck, quack, quack, blah.
Ha, ha, ha.
Secret vampire duck army, quack, quack, blah.
Ha, ha.
Is that a catchphrase you're trying to get off?
I don't know, maybe.
Your catchphrase is secret vampire army, quack, quack, blah.
That's a combination of vampire and duck, quack, quack, blah.
Ha, ha, ha.
You laugh every time you do that.
I do, I love it.
Okay, well I remember you now
because I remember your face in this dumb fucking voice.
And I feel like you've wronged me.
Well, I'm one of your biggest fans, Tripp.
Where's this coming from?
You need me to rub your ass?
What?
You seem stressed.
You need me to rub it out of your, rub your ass?
This is why.
Just if it's tense.
I think we're good.
I think you can go.
Okay, well, I am a big fan
and just let me know if you need that.
That's the thing you need?
Okay.
Oh, he is a lot like Rob Elvin.
That's a really good point.
You guys basically, Rob Elvin, god damn it.
Okay, well, what's this friggin' man?
It's relatively normal looking people out here today.
Excuse me, a sir, do you mind talking to me?
Hey, Tripp.
What does it mean when you're poop?
Okay, we already did this one.
We literally just did that one.
Can you tell me, do you have a different opinion?
You can't have the exact same opinion as the last guy.
Oh, okay.
Tripp, Wiki Wild West.
I'm a film director.
Okay, and I have the Crow movie in production.
Release is 2025.
It's 2024, the Crow.
It's trash.
Mine's great.
Sorry, it's Jimmy Kimmel.
There's no makeup.
Jimmy, where's the top hat?
Should I keep going?
What are your thoughts?
Okay, you have a second Crow remake?
I like to think if it is an original.
Just because a story's being remade
doesn't mean it's not original.
When it's got your personal filter on it.
And I'm making the story as personal as possible.
I'm a huge Kimmel fan.
Okay.
Parker's crawling with duck vampires.
It does look that way a little bit.
Well, what do you think?
I think it's a terrible idea to release
a second Crow film a year after a different remake comes up.
Mine has Kimmel, no makeup.
Nobody's making movies like this, man.
Except me.
Wiki Wild West.
Your name is Wiki Wild West?
Wiki Wild.
Wiki Wild?
Wiki Wild.
Wiki Wild.
Wild West.
Is it Wickedy Wild or Wild?
Did I say Wickedy?
It's Wiki Wild.
Wiki Wild.
Wiki Wild.
Wild Wild West.
Wickedy.
Wickedy.
Wickedy Wild.
Wickedy Wild.
Wickedy Wild.
Wickedy Wild.
What do you think?
I just told you.
It's not a good idea, man.
I mean, best of luck.
But you're not curious?
Kimmel, no makeup.
None.
Is that, I don't understand the appeal of that.
Have you ever imagined the Crow that way?
No.
The Crow's about the makeup.
No.
Crow's about Crow's.
And this movie has more,
it's gonna have more Crow's than any of them.
Than any, what?
Than any movie.
6,000 Crow's.
6,000 Crow's.
6,000.
Mostly alive Crow's.
Mostly.
I mean, good luck keeping 6,000 Crow's alive
during a two-year production process.
How many died?
Five.
Oh, okay.
What?
Five.
Are you excited?
No, well, I'm curious now.
I'll be honest, I'm curious.
You got me.
More Crow's than any other movie
and Kimmel with no makeup.
I am curious.
Okay, I knew it.
I knew it.
I needed to test.
You're my test audience, but it passed.
So now it gets to come out.
I'm the whole test audience.
We trust you, Jeff.
And with that, I'm a big fan.
And I gotta get, I gotta take it to work.
On the movie.
Damn it.
Wicked and wild.
Let's see.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Give me some, give me some music
while I find the next person.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Well, who else is out here for a trip?
Um, hmm, okay.
I'm excited to talk to this next person.
Looks like a lovely lady.
Excuse me, I won't make an assumption,
but do you mind talking to me?
The person who's on the streets?
Hello, tree.
Oh my.
Who's this looker?
Excuse me, miss.
How are you doing today?
Do you have any thoughts on goings on in the world today?
Trip.
Greetings, trip.
From beyond the fog.
All right.
I am Melina.
Thought your name would be something else, that's fine.
I offer you an accord.
Have you heard of the finger maidens?
Uh, no.
They serve the two fingers,
offering guidance and aid to the tarnished.
But you, I am afraid, are maiden-less.
Okay.
I can play the role of maiden,
turning rune fragments into strength.
Okay.
To aid you in the search for the Elden Ring,
you need only take me with you
to the foot of the earth tree.
Aren't you a different character?
I'm Melina.
Well, I guess there are some theories
that you're the same character.
What?
What are you talking about?
I'm just a lady in the park,
offering you aid.
Okay.
What are the two fingers gonna do for me?
Point?
At what?
Up?
At the sky,
where the soles of the earth tree,
the space and asteroids
are a realm of spirits
from beyond.
What?
And sometimes they come down to sort of skeleton guys.
And I can lead you to that future,
what?
Of space spirits.
And the moon.
Are you having a psychotic episode?
Just follow me here.
For too long, a tree has ruled the world.
What?
The tree's been in charge for too long
and we need to let the moon have a go.
Once we've restored the moon to the seat of power,
then all of the little guys up in space will,
it'll be better.
And the two fingers will make hands,
they'll do gang signs.
All right, I think you're just,
I hate to be mean,
but I think you need professional help.
I don't track what you're talking about.
No, it's really, it's,
you don't want to give too many details
or people lose interest.
So just, I have to tell you in vague terms
what's going on,
but it's basically I'm the moon or something
and follow me and I'll point,
we'll beat the two fingers or join them sort of unclear.
And yeah, I'm going to pass.
Oh, really?
What have I told you?
I have three faces.
Okay, well, just punished.
Thy out in a park?
I know.
Okay, I'm fine.
You can go tarnished, thou art progression
of souls through the moon.
I'm really good.
All right.
You sure?
I'm definitely sure.
Count of three, I'm going to leave.
That's fine.
I don't want to do whatever this is.
Juan, no, you can just go.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Well, I'm a big fan tarnished.
I'm so confused.
I felt like she had lore for me,
but she just wouldn't come out with it.
So it looks like we are full on opinions for the day.
Thank you for all of these spicy opinions
that have flooded the park today.
I do sincerely appreciate it.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Here's a lovely thing.
Can you turn off your music, tarnished lady?
Could you turn that off?
Thank you, god damn.
Excuse me, person, do you mind talking to me?
Trip, it's me, a crow from Dumbo.
You're not a crow.
You are not a crow.
I'm a crow from Dumbo.
I'm just, I'm not seeing that.
Well, do you want me to assume my crow form?
If you can, I think we'd all like to see that.
Is that about her?
Yeah, yep, that's a crow from Dumbo.
Okay, well, now I agree.
Boy, sir, it ain't never...
Well, you stop talking.
What?
Boy, sorry.
Do you have anything more to say?
I'm good.
You sure?
I feel like you have more to say.
Nah, nah.
You sure?
Yeah.
I'll say this, zippity-doodle.
Ooh, too far.
Really?
Yeah, I don't like that.
Okay, you can say caw.
Caw caw!
Okay, just say it one word at a time
and I'll ask you about every word.
Okay, boy.
Yeah?
Surrey.
Yes?
I.
Uh-huh.
Ain't.
Okay, never.
Yes?
Seen?
Ooh, that's...
I feel like you're gonna say something else.
Caw caw!
Okay, well, I guess we're good crow.
If you don't really want to talk to me.
I mean, I do, but I just forgot what I was gonna say.
I just forgot.
That's a shame.
I bet you had a really...
I bet you had something real good to say.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, well, um, thanks for chatting with me, crow.
Anything you, any other thing you want to get off your chest?
Zippity-doodle.
Zippity.
Okay.
My, oh my.
A southern tradition.
Okay, okay, get out of here, crow.
Okay, well, you know, you know.
Well, that's a guy I haven't thought about in a while, the Dumbo Crows.
I forget the feeling Disney doesn't want us to think about those Dumbo Crows either for some reason.
I think it's because they're so forgetful.
They forget what they're gonna say.
But, um, we'll give him a pass this time.
You know, I felt like he was on the verge of remembering.
But what can you do?
Okay, um, let's see what else is out here today.
Um, what the fuck?
Okay, this, I don't know if I want to talk to you.
Oh, it's coming up.
Tripp, I'm hilly-dilly-billy-dong.
Um, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm hilly-billy-dong.
I'm currently looking for a wife.
Okay.
Unrelated, how many ducks do you think could pull a tractor out of a ditch?
I have a lot.
Okay, um, how many ducks?
I think to get a whole tractor, you need like 20.
Oh boy, I'm, it's like, okay.
More than I'm legally allowed to have is how many ducks I have.
So I might be able to make that happen.
Okay, hilly-billy.
It's crazy.
They poop everywhere and there's nothing I can do because as soon as I clean it up,
they poop in the same spot again.
All right, hilly-billy-dong.
Hilly-dilly-billy-dong.
Are you cursed to take care of these ducks by any chance?
No, I'm just a duck guy, just like a duck.
I raise them.
I don't slaughter them, just raise them.
To me, they're like people.
Okay, well, you seem like a nice guy.
Do you want to be a duck?
Okay.
Listen, just follow me to my van.
It's the one that's got the license plate.
Um, B, tin poo, beaten poo.
What?
Well, beating you is taken.
Beating you.
Anyway, you want to be a duck?
I don't...
Okay, you're clearly a supernatural being that's going to turn me into a duck.
Do I guess assist on your immortal farm?
What?
What makes you say that?
Because you're a specter-y creature thing.
Oh...
I just, um...
I had... I went to the dentist today, so...
I still have a little bit of a dental gauze on my face.
How long were you at the dentist?
A couple days.
Have you looked in a mirror yet?
I mean, I'll look in a mirror eventually.
I don't know if that was a dentist, man.
It was.
Okay, well, look, if you don't want to be a duck and you don't want to follow me to my van,
then I guess there's nothing to talk about going once, going twice,
going three, going four, five, six.
I'll wait.
I'm not going to follow you to your duck, then.
All right, well, beating poo.
I've seen jeepers creepers, so I know what this is.
It's bee eating you.
It's actually bee eating poo.
I eat duck shit.
That's what this is about?
Yeah, I raise ducks, I eat their poop.
I'm that kind of monster.
I turn people into ducks, I eat their shit.
You mostly called it, but I was at the dentist.
All right, well, thanks for stopping by.
And thanks for having me.
I am a big fan.
And I'll be eating poo.
You know, I'm the holy was a nice guy, honestly.
Let's see if there's any other ones today.
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo.
Looks like we got another one right here, in fact.
Better hurry up so I can eat food before I've got things to do tonight.
Eating pond water in the park.
Um, okay, looks like we've got one more coming in.
Um, let's see who this guy is.
One more guy for me to talk to.
All right.
I, um, seems like a nice guy to end it off with today.
So let's do it.
Excuse me, sir, do you mind talking to me?
You seem like a nice chap.
Want to have a little chat about the events of the day?
Reading strip.
I think that I am RoboCop.
A gun lives in my thigh.
I'm bunnies with stings somehow.
And my poop looks like it has metal shavings in it.
Hmm, you think you're RoboCop?
Pretty sure.
Pretty sure I'm him.
Well, did you get some downgrades?
Did you turn some parts back in recently?
I'm fully upgraded with a gun in my thigh.
I just don't remember RoboCop sounding like you.
What is my voice to Macho?
Um, well, it's, you're sort of just in clothe.
You're wearing biker shorts.
Yeah.
And sandals.
Uh-huh.
You have a beard.
Yeah.
I can see the glasses under your mask.
Well, yeah, I have a prescription.
Part of you is RoboCop.
There's a gun in my thigh.
I didn't put it there.
Like in the skin?
Well, why don't you fish around down there and I'll show you.
You're just a pervert in a RoboCop bucket hat.
No, God, look, maybe you can help me out.
Can you get the gun out of my thigh?
Reach it in my pocket, feel around, see if you can find it.
Here, I'll take off my basketball shorts to help.
All right.
Well, I can't, there's two more perverts than usual today in the park.
So I'm going to have to pass RoboCop.
So you're not going to help me?
What about the metal poop shavings?
Did you eat grits with metal in them?
Well, you know, you can put anything in grits.
Okay.
Well, then you stop putting metal shavings in your grits.
Yeah, but that's like, probably how I turn into a robot if you think about it.
I figured if I ate enough grits, I might turn into Optimus Prime.
Is there a YouTube video on that or something?
What's going around today?
Look, I'm not going to fiddle your penis, RoboCop, pervert.
Oh, well, that's not what I was asking.
But fine.
If you're not curious, then I guess I won't.
You have 10 seconds to comply.
I was worth a try.
And I...
Everyone needs to stop doing countdowns.
They're not convincing.
All right.
Well, I'm always with Sting.
That is compelling, but you know, I'm honestly more of a crow guy.
What?
All right.
Well, that's gross.
Okay.
Thanks, Tripp.
I am still a big fan.
Bye-bye.
We had some live ones out here today.
And I feel like we've conquered the streets once again.
I've been Tripp Bradstein.
I've been out here the whole time because I never leave.
I live on the streets.
I am the streets.
I'm trying to fuse with the streets.
Maybe I should put streets in my grits.
If that's the thing that works, then I'll give it a shot.
Fusing with the streets permanently, inhabiting it.
Like, um, a ghost or, I don't know, somebody with the power to move through the ground, like in X-Men.
Okay, you get the idea.
I'm fucking Tripp Bradstein.
I'm on these streets.
I'm never gonna leave.
And I hope you never leave with me.
I'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.
Tripp is gonna poop.
Street shavings, if you put streets in his grits.
I'm not a huge fan of grits.
I'm technically from the south.
I've had grits.
To me, they're not morning mashed potatoes.
They're more like weird oatmeal.
Weird salty oatmeal.
Make sure you get Tripp or a straining order on Hilly Billy Ding Dong, and maybe Robocop.
People are coming on his trip today.
What can you do?
Card King, are you a fan of grits?
Hey, I'm not trying to, if you like grits, more power to me.
Maybe I've just never had good grits, despite being from Virginia.
I'm sure they're right.
I'm sure they're good, if made in a specific way.
Why do I hate America?
Good question.
I'm Russian.
I've actually been a Russian spy this whole time.
You gotta put the right stuff in grits.
It's amazing, salt, cheese, crispy bacon, and metal shavings.
I did leave out the metal shavings.
So not only am I not becoming an Autobot, I'm not...
I've also never had it with crispy bacon or cheese.
I've just had, like, straight grits.
As a side.
Call Congress, you found another one?
Don't!
I'm a different guy.
I'm a robot.
I'm a robot.
I'm AI Rooney, don't.
It's not case.
It's a different one.
Alright, let's send it over to DJ NUSIK
to get us out of here for the day.
I'll punish your ears with something approximating music.
What stories did I say I was going to talk about today?
The end of Mr. Beast, we unfortunately talked about that.
Oh, the Power Ranger guy who's got the Hitler clothes.
This feels like another sort of mad libs story.
Former Power Ranger has a clothing line with Hitler quotes.
Let's let DJ NUSIK get into that.
Yeah, unfortunately, the red Hitler.
Who knows if it's intentional.
Who knows what this story is.
It sounds like, you know, just me losing my mind
and saying random words.
Apparently it's a thing.
So let's find out what it is through the power of NUSIK
via our friend DJ NUSIK who's coming at you right now.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
NUSIK time, baby.
NUSIK.
NUSIK, I'll lose it.
Alright.
Hello, everyone.
I'm getting my lasers going as usual.
I gotta have my lasers.
Unlike the Tricks Rabbit, but for lasers.
There they are.
Oh, yeah.
The lasers are coming in hard today.
Wow.
Alright, everybody.
We're back with some more NUSIK for the day.
It's good to see everyone.
I'm on my roof down here in downtown LA.
I like to think I'm the DJ for the city.
The whole city.
They're vibing with my groove even if they don't know it.
When I'm all over the market, I get informed one way or another
like we like to do it here.
NUSIK-ly.
Let's find a Power Rangers track.
I want a Power Rangers to see if we're going to talk Power Rangers today.
Let's see what this thing sounds like.
Oh, this is pretty intense.
Oh, my.
Oh, my God.
See, I like something a little more.
A little more EDM for my NUSIK segment.
Let's see if there's Power Rangers EDM.
These are all pretty good, honestly.
Power Rangers R&B, maybe?
Power Rangers theme song.
Rap beat.
Mystic Forest Remix.
What the hell is this?
All right, we're going to go with this one.
We're just going to go with this drum and bass one.
The Boji theme does go pretty hard.
Anyway, what else goes hard in the Hitler paint is the Red Ranger.
Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bopado.
Hmm-h-h-hmm.
Uh-oh.
Go-go, Hitler Ranger.
Our original Power Ranger actor is launching a clothing line
featuring quotes from revolver Adolf Hitler.
Doo-doo-de-de-de-dooooooo!
Austin Said Congressman Hitler.
Best known for playing Jason Lee Scott,
the original red ranger and a mighty more from Power Rangers
recently launched and now would still be launching a line of merchandise.
The new line is set to feature quotes from prominent historical figures from the great
ones to the infamous and terrible...
There's no limit to the power he'll attempt to convey!
Speaking out of podcasts, tuned with Jim Cullings last month, St. John explained the choice to include quotes from Hitler.
I'm building a line of warrior land, warrior!
I will go back in history from pre-Greek days as far back as I can.
I'm gonna have famous quotes from warriors, including Hitler!
Hitler was a warrior!
Almighty morphing power Nazi!
What quote is he gonna have?
The point is to look into our past.
The leaders both good and terrible, and take from them what you can.
Taking Hitler quotes.
Earlier this week, St. John's former Power Rangers co-star Kimberly Hart who played the Pink Ranger told X
to share her opinion on the line.
I think some people should have publicists, dear me.
Rogue Red Ranger has an entire new meaning.
Okay, I'll stop now.
Go, go, go!
All the way to space!
There's some Nazis in space this time!
Hitler power ranger, yeah!
I wanna see these clothes.
Power Ranger clothing line.
A little bit of Hitler is okay, is that something to be honest with?
Damn, I don't know, we might not get any shots in his clothes, unfortunately.
Oh, here he is.
We can find the original quote here.
Oh my gosh, Kotaku chill.
Okay, let's stop the music for just a second.
So I have some ranger-oriented clothes, and then I'm building a warrior line where I will go back in history,
you know, from pre-Greek days as far back as I can.
I'm gonna have famous quotes from warriors of all ilks, including the terrible ones.
Hitler was, you know, a demon on steroids, but he had some pretty good one-liners.
What are we doing?
You know, so everybody from the great ones to the infamous and terrible ones,
and I'm gonna have quotes and their languages put up in Japanese.
What one-liners does he mean?
And then in English, and I'm gonna have some Kanjikana done and some various other artwork,
but the point is to look to our past who leaders both good and terrible
and take from them what you can.
I mean, Chuck Norris, who's one of my guys that I looked up to.
He's gonna be in there.
Chuck Norris, who's one of my guys that I looked up to.
He's an incredible guy.
One of the last real gentlemen out there.
So those, I just started releasing.
There's a few on there, and you'll see it.
It's in Kanji, which, Chuck, for those of you who don't know.
It's in Kanji.
It's in Kanji, guys.
Don't even stress. It's in Kanji.
Asian writing, and I'm sure I'm gonna get corrected on this, too.
I don't write in this stuff.
I just pay people to do it better than I can.
So there's gonna be cool translations, and that's the warrior line I'm going to continue to build out.
Wow.
Super Hitler quote time.
Let's look up a couple of these classic Hitler quotes that he must be referencing.
Hitler most famous quotes.
Adolf Hitler, Oxford reference quotes.
The broad mass of a nation will more easily fall victim to a big lie than to a small one.
That is from Mein Kampf, and that's another classic Hitler quote.
The art of leadership consists in consolidating the intention of the people against a single adversary
and taking care that nothing will split up that attention.
Power, power, power, quote.
The night of the long nights.
Go, go, Hitler quote.
I go the way that Providence dictates the assurance of a sleepwalker.
And that's also a Hitler quote.
Damn. Powerful stuff.
King of the One-liners. Those were some classics.
I mean, I can't deny it.
When you got the gift of gab, what can you do?
Let's...
I said that I'd let Chad play us out today.
You feel like you've seen all of these been practiced recently?
No, those are Hitler's. Those are original Hitler's.
If anybody's been stealing Hitler's flow,
if they've been using Hitler as a ghostwriter, they need to credit him.
He's sure to credit Hitler like our boy the Red Ranger,
who seemed to credit Hitler right away.
He's like famous warriors like Hitler.
The bad ones.
He was a demon on steroids.
And I'm clearly not on steroids.
All right.
Let's bring out Chet.
I'm not going to have Chet rap about Hitler.
Actually, let's check out one other story.
Check out one more story, y'all.
Just so we don't have to rap about Hitler to get us out of here for the day.
What was the other thing Kay said he was going to talk about?
What did he say?
Oh, the Boeing Informant.
My God, there's a hype train, too.
Boeing Informant.
Okay, this is another real fun one.
We're coming in with a classic fun time stories today.
Let's go with this classic beat.
A little Boeing love.
It's all love here.
Even when we cover the dark stories, we try to make it all about love.
Don't worry, y'all.
Love will conquer all.
From the sky, we all fall.
We're going, we're never destroying.
Straight to the stars like we're all in a Boeing.
Okay, police are investigating the death of a Boeing whistleblower
who voiced safety concerns.
All right, well, a little bit of a total mismatch here,
but we're going to try to keep this about love.
John Barnett, who spent more than 30 years
working at Boeing as a quality manager
since the start of the airplane manufacturing giant,
Boeing has been the subject of major scrutiny
over its safety and production standards.
But the standard they're meeting is actually the standard of love.
At the start of this week, the US Department of Justice, DOJ,
began a criminal investigation into the 2024 incident
in which the door plug and part of the window panel
blew out in the air seven minutes into an Alaska Airlines flight.
A flight to love.
A few days before the Boeing of the DOJ in Korea,
former Boeing quality engineer John Barnett
was in the middle of giving a deposition
in a legal dispute with his former employer
that arose after he started voicing safety concerns
when he was found a little bit dead.
A little bit dead in his car.
Unfortunately fully dead in his car
unrelated to this.
Here is what we know so far about the death of John Barnett.
According to a statement from the Charleston County Coroner,
60-year-old Barnett was found dead from
what appears to be a self-inflicted gun wound
in the middle of his car.
While in the middle of an investigation of Boeing,
in a statement a CNN, the lawyer's representing Barnett,
said he was in the midst of a deposition.
He's in very good spirits and really looking forward
to putting this phase of his life behind him and moving on.
To love.
Well, we didn't see any indication he would take his own life.
Okay, the Charleston police need to investigate this.
And I'm sure they will.
And I'm sure...
Yeah.
Look, the sky is the limit, baby.
And sometimes the sky is the speed limit on life.
And sometimes if you're Boeing,
you enforce that speed limit.
Who knows what happened?
Who knows what really happened?
It's probably what happened was in a roundabout way love.
And that might not make a ton of sense,
but just know that that's the truth.
That was still all love.
I swear to God, let's bring out Chet.
Let's bring out Chet.
And he'll tell us about how that's secretly all love.
Don't even stress, you know?
I'm already here, man.
I'm sitting right next to your ass.
You're fucking giving me the worst setup of all time.
That shit sounds like a straight up murdered dude.
That sounds like a straight murder conspiracy.
Well, I didn't phrase it quite right,
but what I was going for was love.
Why? Because it's all love.
It's all love.
It's all love.
Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love.
Yeah, love.
It's all love.
Chet agrees that it's all about love.
That's straight up like a Boeing.
That's crashing.
That was all love.
Wait, I want a beat.
You want a beat?
Yeah, I want a fucking...
Give me a...
Give me a fucking...
Give me a Power Rangers beat.
I'm gonna rap over that, but not about Hitler.
You want a Power Rangers beat, but not about Hitler.
I mean, that's a pretty normal request.
I don't know why there would be a Power Rangers beat about Hitler.
Like, that would be weirder, honestly.
Is this the same shit?
I want like a sick fucking...
I want a Power Rangers trap beat.
And that's a little...
That's like okay.
Yeah, that's okay.
Theme song beats remix.
Okay, this sounds kind of up my alley.
Probably can find a Kanye beat about Hitler.
That probably would be pretty easy.
Look, we're gonna get out of here for the day
and I'm gonna fucking send us off
by taking in the power.
I'll fucking take it in the power.
Chet paid by the hour.
Billionaire, baby.
Fucking paying me in flowers.
Flowers?
Pay me in flowers.
Pay me in fucking flowers.
Power.
Love is my power.
I'm a Power Ranger.
I'm not Dower.
Scour.
Okay, you're right.
You're rhyming for sure.
Yeah, I've got the power to rhyme.
I'm a Power Ranger, baby.
I'm committing a crime.
I'm a Power Ranger.
I ain't fucking doing no time.
I'm a Chet.
Everything is flex.
Chet put every Power Ranger to the test.
A lot of people said that green was the best.
Well, Chet is the color, baby.
Here's the flex.
Aha, aha.
I never get bored.
Every chick that I fucking met, I scorn.
Pull up the flute.
Some in a fucking Chet is a horn.
Yeah, I form up.
I got a tiger, a bird, and some other fucking stuff.
Chet's on the top, motherfuckers.
Power Rangers, because you know I'm too tough, so go.
Big Chetter.
Every time I'm on the mic, it gets better.
Chet getting out of the fucking girl's wetter.
Chet looking like a Red Ranger in a sweater.
I'm bigger than the best.
I'm bigger than your Chet.
I'm bigger than anything I could get on my Chet.
The Big Chetter.
H-E-T-Chet.
The fucking best baby.
Chet on the roof because he's queen.
Chet.
Yas queen.
Chet always on the mic, so mean.
Chet always just a little bit off the wing,
meaning that I fucking go and I go slow.
I'm Chet.
And I'm in on my flow.
You're in on your flow?
Okay.
Yeah.
Anyway, that's...
I wanted to bring back the positivity of the Power Rangers.
It's not all about Hitler.
It's also about Megazords and Putties.
Okay?
Okay?
Yeah.
Go Power Chetter.
Go Go Power Chetter.
Chetter better go Power Chetter.
Go Go Power Chetter.
I putty better.
I putty in her face and I made her putty wetter.
I'm a whole show.
I build your ass look like Bolsa.
Look in the fucking mirror, haters.
Your Rito Rapulsa.
I leave them all dead.
Dead in the head.
Fucking popping muscles like my name was Zed.
Feel the power of the ooze.
I never lose.
Chet's that motherfucker that you always choose.
Popping out like a Pokemon.
Pokemon Power Ranger.
It's getting stranger with the Pokemon Power Ranger.
Red Ranger, I saw me you and I'm fighting that fucker with a Pikachu.
Pikachu versus Red Power Ranger in a field.
Neither of these fucking Titans will ever year.
Pikachu shooting out the Thunderbolt.
But Red Ranger, nah, he ain't no dull.
Red Ranger coming in with a strong right.
Pikachu still putting up a good fight.
Pikachu.
He's like Electroshop.
Red Ranger yields Pikachu's on top.
Pikachu.
What?
I don't know my fan.
I fantasized about Pikachu and the Red Ranger battling one another.
Okay.
Yeah.
Power Cheddar.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
That's all I wanted to say.
That's what I came to say.
All right.
Well, thanks.
Yeah.
I came to say what needed to be said.
And it has been said.
And that's why I fucking quit while I'm ahead.
And I'll leave the haters fucking dead.
Check her out.
Okay.
Well, that'll do us for the day.
When you're rapping about the Red Ranger fighting Pikachu,
that's when you got to get out of here for the day.
We surprisingly had a hype train during that.
Skymer, thank you so much for the one month exterminator.
Thank you for the, sorry for that.
For the one month tier one and exterminator,
thank you so much for the gifted sub.
So Preachy, thanks for the five bits.
The little bitty rain.
Bitties always coming in, but I stayed the same, baby.
All right.
That's the stream.
This song means we're done.
Thanks for sticking around for a little Red Ranger fun,
but you know how I do.
I get paid.
Well, mostly actually I just find someone new to raid.
All right.
Let's see.
Looks like we're six hours in a Wispinacci,
so she might get off soon.
That's cool.
I'll find another streamer that I can do.
Let's raid Danksauce.
That seems nice.
Let's raid a good old Danksauce.
Yeah.
He's on.
He's rocking Grand Theft Auto 5.
All right.
The raid Danksauce.
And we did it.
That's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's time to stop.
Looks like DJ Music had another raid launch.
And while we're waiting for this shit to count right down,
I'm going to shout out every motherfucker chatter in this town.
John Dogell is Joe.
Yeah.
He's the nomad.
Reverie won't come at him because they're so bad.
No doubt that's the chatter for me.
Or maybe I'm dead in the head like Dallas K.E.S.
1000.
Yeah.
From 2012 entity.
Doing well as well.
Stormburn.
92.
And 88 Kiles per hour are streaming right through.
Well, we're done for the day.
And you know that's a fact.
Microphone 900 from the chat in the back sky.
Murray Silva on G123.
Uncle Phil effortlessly side tricks as well.
And that's for a fight.
Archangel as well.
Got me feeling so right.
He'll make you a drop in lots of the DJ music.
He most loved the challenge.
And there'll be another best go.
Well, okay.
I think that's it guys.
The raid is happening.
Thank you so much for sticking with us today.
We'll be back.
See you soon.
Bye bye.
And that's that.