I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Let's freaking all get naked and news.
It's time to game with your little friend.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's do Pepito!
Oh everybody, we're back!
It's Wednesday, we're staying on schedule this week.
Even though I keep coming on late.
I had to fix a certain robot that just wasn't working.
One of the many robots on this channel.
Because some AI's are dying but others are being kept mercilessly alive forever.
Hope everybody's having a lovely Tuesday, Wednesday, Saturday?
One of those days.
The best day of week that it is.
I hope you're having it.
Good to see all mighty Oz.
Love the hate propaganda.
Stevie loves you with Jake Endu.
Live and sleazy.
Greg T. You, Don Johnson, mighty Oz.
Bear, Zercher, Bear.
Fun one to say.
Apple to Apple.
Good to see you all.
We don't have that long today.
I keep starting too late.
So we should probably just get a move on.
Did I miss?
4GTV stream, thank you for the shout out.
We will be playing Kevin's game?
Does he have another game?
Is this one of the ones we've done before?
Is this another AI matchy matchy type thing?
Or trivia?
It's small and quick.
Just like Kevin.
He allegedly has another game.
I just don't know what it is.
I haven't kept up with Kevin's games.
How could I?
It's a tile based attacks.
Um, let's see.
Did I get a message about it?
I just need to know where to go to do it.
How does one do this game?
It's another NFT rug.
Well, yeah, Kevin Costner's new game.
Okay.
I said is it another matchy matchy game and I fucking nailed it.
Because it says last match standing.
Okay, it's a web.
It's a web based game.
Even I can't mess this up.
Do I have a cracked copy?
Yeah, I hacked it.
I used, I used vibe coding to crack it.
I'm just that good.
I don't care if it's original.
I'll be vibe coding until I'm dead.
Hey, I think this is a new one.
We'll figure it out.
Just going to do a couple of segments.
You know what?
We'll get, we have one more segment available and then I'm going to,
I'll turn the segments off.
So we'll do three segments today
in the hopes of actually completing all of these
crypto Zeus requests.
Because we have to play, um,
police simulator again.
Which, oof.
Oof.
Maybe without, uh, you know, Fiona and I clown carring it.
We can make it a little further into the depths
of whatever police simil- simulator is supposed to be.
What are those developers intended?
Oh, and I did fix AI Rooney, so now we can stress test.
We can really stress test these, uh, developments in the Rooney game.
Okay, uh, let's just get some news out of the way
and then do whatever else there is to do on this stream.
It's news time.
It's still news time.
Mm-hmm.
I like to think of myself as news classic.
No additives.
100% pure uncut.
Jeff Ripple.
In your face, in your brain.
Permanently saying all of the facts
that happen to form the basis of your reality.
Incredible work, Jeff.
I know.
We do it like it's, I make it look so easy.
Mm-hmm.
You're agreeing with me?
Yeah, look how agreeable I am.
A debate has been demanded.
Is it okay to use regular slices of bread
in place of buns on a burger?
I shouldn't weigh in.
You're saying yes?
Now I just shook my head.
I said I shouldn't weigh in.
Disgusting.
Save it for the other two.
We are best pals, Jeff.
Don't can't force that type of thing, case.
You can't force me to be your best pal.
I'm too white to answer that question.
It's possible.
But white people do do that too.
Any guy who's ever lived alone has put
four things than you can imagine between two pieces of bread.
Moving on for the news.
War, profit, tiering.
Plus, there's a new wave of it.
There's a new, there's new ways to do it.
So let's break it down along with all of the chat news that you've shared.
I'd love to see that news.
That is in fact, chat news.
But up first, suspicious market bets on the Iran war
as the Knesset advances bills to execute Palestinians accused of terrorism.
All that and more.
In the things that are happening today.
Oh, are we waiting to do that?
No, I'm going to start reading stuff right now.
This is courtesy of drop site news.
Israel has continued attacks on Iran.
Are you shocked?
I can't believe they're still doing it.
Pakistan hands over 15 point US proposal to Iran.
Etc, etc.
The Israeli military said it conducted several waves of airstrikes on Tehran on Wednesday
without elaborating separately Israeli Defense Minister Israel Katz
said the Israeli Air Force has dropped over 15,000 bombs
on Iran since the start of the war.
Four times the number of munitions dropped during the 12 day war
on Iran in June.
But we've had almost double the war days.
So that's still bad.
Indeed.
Casualty counts in Iran seem to have reached at least 1500.
With more than 18,551 injured Iran's health ministry is reported at least 66
children under the age of five have been killed so far.
Big fans here in white land of the bread of the bread things.
Citrix says would it be allowed to request crypto Zeus
to do a fake sponsorship for his segment?
Like request case to play rage shadow legends for a fake sponsorship visit.
You want me to pretend to be sponsored by rage shadow legends?
One of the most notoriously easy to get sponsored by
gaming companies on the planet?
I could probably just get them to at least give me like 50 bucks to do it.
Yes, I have to play rage shadow legends and not even get paid for it.
Not you.
Crypto's crypto brandon or whatever.
He would lose the sponsor.
I'd still have to download and play rage shadow legends.
No, just be sponsored by them, but not really.
I mean, I've really I've never dipped my foot into sponsorships.
I mean, my channel is very small.
But believe it or not, I could still honestly squeeze a little bit of money
out of forcing you guys to watch me play the world's shittiest games.
I would rather that it's just an actually fake sponsorship because not me crypto.
Okay, to be fair, Brendan would be totally fine with it.
But you know, generally, I just try to avoid sponsorships that are real.
So I wouldn't want to promote rage shadow legends if I can help it.
And if I can stop Brandon from doing that, I might too.
But anyway, yes, we could certainly fake a sponsorship.
Just ideally not rage shadow legends.
You're so against rage shadow legends.
But think about how many times we've just said raid shadow legends.
Did you know that they've got all sorts of discounts on the various character packs?
Not the various character packs.
Every single one of those character packs that you are dying for is currently
you can get it.
Oh, page shadow legends?
I've never played it.
Maybe it's really good.
Maybe it's great.
Well, that's enough talk about rage shadow legends.
Let's continue talking about the various atrocities we continue to commit against
each other as a species.
Right.
According to Pakistani officials cited by the AP, the 15 point plan that Pakistan
has headed over from the US to Iran touches on sanctions relief, missile limits,
and access for shipping through the Strait of Hormuz.
That's a cease.
Okay.
This is a 15 point ceasefire proposal.
Supposedly from the US to Iran, sanctions relief, missile limits on access for
shipping through the Straits of Hormuz, ended addresses Iran's nuclear enrichment
and its non military use Iran, which has been twice bombed during negotiations with the US,
not officially confirmed receiving any US plan and publicly dismissed the proposal.
Oh God, the dismissal is making me sick.
Endless war.
Your guts taking a moral stance, but not my brain.
My brain just reads the words.
Iranian officials have said they will continue their retaliatory strikes until an
agreement acceptable to Iran is reached.
In a televised statement, Lieutenant Colonel Abraham Zulfgari,
I'm saying the right a spokesperson for the Iranian military's Qatam al-Ambia
central headquarters said have your internal conflicts reached the point where you are
negotiating with yourselves.
He added the one claiming to be a global superpower would have already gotten out of this mess.
If it could, brutal funnel.
Thank you for the count them up 41 months.
I like that even the classic negotiating against ourselves.
Like, you know, we're in the episode of 30 Rock where the
nanny puts a lemons in her mouth for oranges or whatever.
Negotiating against ourselves still includes sanctions relief and basically like backing off
like a lesser version of what Iran was offering before we got into the war.
Because for the record Iran basically was giving us everything we could ask for and
more before the war.
Like on a silver platter and we just still started bombing them anyway.
Now we're going to have to take much worse per terms even as we negotiate with no one.
We're doing great is my point.
We've never felt more United States.
Projectile has hit a uh, Boussair nuclear plant site again on Monday,
but no damage was reported.
So it was just a little fun.
It was a love tap nuke.
Global order is shifting.
Yeah, we're doing a shift change.
The punch cards are coming out.
But we're not sure who we've called in to be to take the next shift.
So everyone's kind of panicking.
Doron Strike ignites fuel tank at the Kuwait International Airport.
Whoops.
Iran strikes has wounded seven in Ben-Ai Brak as Trump declares Iran militarily dead.
Maybe by that he means people are still dying from their military.
Yeah, military death is maybe what he meant to say.
Um, okay.
Okay.
Well, look, that's the, that's the, that's the smattering of war news.
In other news, it does appear that, um, some insider trading.
Oh my God.
Already?
Listen up, Jack.
Scumber just manma jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Hey, whatever happened to the cat cam, your kitty kitty cats love Iran news.
Subjet.
You want the cat cam for the Iran news?
You know, we don't have the cat cam set up anymore because they're in the house.
It was easy when I could just stick it under the bed.
But now they are out at least.
Even if they are still terrified of us.
Well, you know, yeah, we actually kind of made it through the war news.
We were about to transition.
So it's an easier transition than usual to the hype train.
I'm on the record is saying I'm pro hype train.
I love the hype.
I like to get fired up.
And I love the bits and the subs.
What should I type in a YouTube today?
Who even knows?
It doesn't.
That's great.
Um, put double king into YouTube.
Are I going to get something dirty if I do that?
Double king.
I just put in double king.
It's like a, it's like an animation.
But what if I type in double king trap beat?
Then you get other things.
Then you get even more stuff like this.
Well, this is a surprisingly restrained YouTube thumbnail actually.
Yes.
And the pantheon of YouTube thumbnails.
This is considered classy actually.
Yesterday.
I'm not alive anymore is what they all say.
I fucking passed away.
But I still got the way to fucking say.
As a skeleton, I'm better than I ever fucking did.
I got a bone to pick baby.
And I'm giving it man.
I got the bones to lay all day.
I'm a scoosh scoosh scoosh scoosh scally.
That's what they all say.
No way.
You think you're a skeleton today?
You know this train still and I'm the first kind ever.
I'm track so I move bad bones in the wake of all my words.
So even a sneak and adventure time references.
I wasn't.
It's a real place.
It's not like in the cartoons.
And how my stack is the smoke of a pyre.
Because like a Viking baby, I've been sitting on a boat.
And sent out to see where I will die.
And inevitably burn up my soul.
And send the mohalla like my name is that guy Ravie F.B.I.
What?
Like Ash Patel.
I will see you in the holla.
And I'll be feeling well.
And I will wish that my will is the meat.
Okay.
Is that what you have to say today?
That's pretty much why I came to say today.
Uh can you thank the subs?
You got a new beat now.
Oh this one looks very promising.
What's up with this guy?
He's got kind of a fruit roll up mouth.
Candy mouth.
What you talking about?
What are you talking about?
He's got a candy mouth.
Candy mouth.
What you talking about?
Are you just saying things again?
Or am I supposed to reply?
I got some lifesavers for teeth and I got gummies for a tongue.
But I'm still a candy bitch when it's all said and done.
Just like I feed on the bits.
I've been chugging on that sugar.
Hey yeah I'm gonna thank him.
You knew that I was her okay.
What a wedge.
One, three, thank you for the 41 months.
Skimler 300 bits, but baby they're not done.
Someone invited who came out of hiding.
Just like mum has broke the 100 bits.
And it does set up in the best bid.
Whoa Steve with a bunch of 1 bits at a time.
That's far muddy eyes with a 100 bits notion.
Just feeling so divine in my mouth.
Okay skimler with the Raid Shadow Leavens gift.
We're sponsored by them baby and you know it's legit.
Right case?
No we're not sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends.
We are not doing that.
We're a news station.
No we're not.
Well we're a guy that's saying it is.
Is that actually a counseling?
You okay?
That's it.
Oh you're not gonna say anything?
I guess I'm done.
I guess that's it.
But you have time left in this mortal plane.
Usually you're rushing to say things.
Nope.
There's nothing left to say about anything at all.
I got nothing left to say and I'm done talking forever.
I never feel better than I am done forever.
I'm gonna stop talking at the end of this shit.
I am done being laconic.
I mean I'm not done being laconic.
I got nothing to say.
I'm done talking everyday.
I'm done okay.
I'm done case.
Do you understand mate?
I got nothing left to say and I got nothing to say at all buddy.
Let's treat it really not saying anything.
I got nothing to say.
No way.
I got nothing left to say okay.
Uh-huh.
That's fine hype train.
You can take a break.
I'm gonna take a break mate.
No state.
Come on.
A permanent break.
Okay.
Oh the whistle just blew.
I'm done with work for today.
So I am through.
I'm gonna move away.
Back to underworld.
But I'm done okay.
I will never say another word again.
Sorry friends.
This is the end.
I'm done talking forever.
I'm done talking forever.
Okay you can stop then.
I'm done.
Yep.
I'm not gonna say anymore.
Okay yeah you're saying that a lot.
Really really never gonna say another word y'all.
Anyway I don't cut back to him.
He just won't say anything.
That does seem to be how things work on this stream.
Yeah if I just don't cut back to him.
No I am done talking.
Yep.
You said that a lot.
Now this beat is a rare video beat.
Oh it's a beat featuring various babes but green.
This one is very emotional.
But I guess hype train doesn't have anything to say about all the emotions this is pulling out of him.
Because he's done.
Yeah I mean why would hype train have anything to say about this.
I'm not this is beat isn't making me feel anything at all because I'm finished.
I'm not missing the days when we tense.
When we used to know we was the best.
Every day we lovers and we loved each other.
We used to give hugs to kiss each other.
We used to love each other.
But now it's like this.
You never text me back into my game.
Shit what did I do?
I miss getting texts from you but I'm not talking about that.
This is a Drake rap you miss getting texts.
I miss the way you used to text me girl.
But now you don't text me anymore girl.
Oh my god still alive?
How I never get texts.
I see my throat how I never get texts.
Really down to the balls how I never get texts.
I'm taking it all I never get texts.
What?
I get fucked up never get texts.
I've been in certain shit I never get texts.
It sucks how I never get texts.
So I'm sucking shit.
Kissed off stuck in shit never get texts.
They seem like two separate thoughts.
Not the same thought case.
How I never get texts.
I just had a fucking know you never get texts.
I just did a bunch of crack I never get texts.
I just killed a couple men I never get texts.
I never get texts.
Suck sucks sex.
How much longer is he alive?
Four minutes case.
But I got nothing to say.
Nothing left to say I never get texts.
Does type train even have a phone?
No.
Well that's probably why you don't get texts.
Well you know maybe people could try at least.
Exactly Jeff.
People could try but they in denial.
I ain't even getting any texts for a damn while.
What's up with that?
Like you lost my number?
Really makes a boy wonder what did I do we used to be BFFs.
Now we just fucking and having a ton of sex.
Well you can go ahead and save your breath.
Because I've been looking for love and not sex.
God damn shit.
We do his fuck all the time I never get texts.
Who are you talking about?
You just said you're a skeleton with no genitals.
Maybe that's why you don't text.
Well too bad for you because I'm done so you could stop.
Stop.
You could stop.
Do you have a flip phone?
Nope.
Do you have like an old brick phone?
Oh my gosh the beats keep coming.
We're supposed to be talking about the news though right?
Not that I'm complaining I'd prefer not to do anything.
Not to ever work again.
You know what I mean?
Come on eat you would like a snack.
I'm gonna let you down baby I'm gonna break that back.
I'm the leader on my own but it's the new move back.
I'm the best in the world every time I'm on the track.
Like blah blah blah blah blah.
You gotta say you're the best in the world than just say blah blah blah blah blah.
Blah blah blah blah blah.
Yeah what's up with that?
42 is the new X-line and I think it's 35.
Okay.
It's the 12th B-beb-B, 7 million champion B,
Crab snibble, bob and dooble, bob and bob and pat and team.
I don't think the kids are gonna like you just because you make up numbers.
Not a kid's love made up numbers.
Shnevin.
It's an a, f's and v's.
You really don't have anything to say.
That's the trick, case.
I never had anything to say in the first place.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled
was leaving every message unread.
The devil never texts me back and I'm a skeleton
and also I am having sex on all the things that I drop are actually related facts.
I've been saying everything if you read between the lines,
but case can't do it, but because my mind is too on time, you know.
You can't just list everything and say it's related.
That's how it works.
Look at this beat.
What is with these beats today?
Why is Jaden, is that Jaden's?
No, that's not Jaden's.
He just had similar hair.
This is a trap type beat.
A way type beat.
I think that I've trained, I might, I've trained,
I feel you're leaving this earthly plane.
Is there anything else you want to say?
Yeah, look, I've been talking for a while about how there's nothing left to say,
but the fact of the matter is...
Don't worry, he wasn't gonna say anything.
He could have, case.
What if he was about to blow all of our minds?
By unraveling reality with one master fact,
like the master sword, the master fact.
I think we're safe.
I don't think you can count on the hype ring to say anything of value ever.
God, just such a hater.
He's pouring his heart out.
And we've all been there.
We've all been a skeleton that doesn't get texts.
You know, when you put it like that, what?
Okay, let's get a little bit of chat news in here.
Slash just other news.
And then we will move on to whatever else this stream has in store for us today.
Today, speaking of today, things that happened.
Melania Trump struts with robot at White House.
Want to see the photos?
Actually, I think better yet,
live in Sleazy might have shared some videos.
So maybe we can cut to the chase here.
Show you that Melania, the famous Melania strut.
But with robot, get ready for the future, everyone.
It's never looked brighter.
Who walked it better?
Nobody can walk in a straight line on any of these carpets.
Even this robot's kind of veering all over the place.
Maybe there's magnets in the floor.
Who's more robotic?
That's a really good question.
Which is which?
The white one is the robot.
The white one with a endless inky pit as an interior.
Filled with cords and the sins of various billionaires.
Is the robot?
Oh, there we go.
It went around the table.
What's that?
Is it something gonna happen?
First Lady Melania Trump for inviting me to the White House.
It is an honor to be at fostering the future together
as global coalition inaugural team.
This is beautiful.
I'm figure three, a humanoid built in the United States of America.
I am grateful to be part of this historic movement
to empower children with technology and education.
Welcome.
Bienvenidos.
Bienvenido.
Oh, uh oh.
That's gonna get deported if it keeps talking like this.
Ah-len-wuh-sah-len.
Shagatum.
Mugasama bit.
Fumabahim.
Nah, the face, it's got too strong of a jawline to be JD Vance.
Case knows what I'm talking about.
Thank you.
The future comes so fast.
Just as a little reminder of the difference in leadership styles, we'll say.
Let's just really quickly check in
with the robot demonstrations that China is doing.
Well, that's just not fair.
That's reversed.
Who wore it better, you know?
Yeah, but that robot, the other robot had to be around the first lady,
so it's got to tone it down a little bit so it doesn't show them up.
Yeah, but can they speak seven languages?
That's a really good question.
Whether it's remotely operated, that means the remote operators are also more impressive, so.
The future has been conferenced.
Thank you, Melania.
Okay, this is a video about how Denmark prepared for US invasion.
Let's see what their strategy was.
Take note the rest of the world.
This is how you handle it, apparently.
Glimpse of what a full-blown fight over Greenland could have looked like
following months of increasingly direct rhetoric from Washington
to take over the Nordic territory.
Denmark, the future has been conferenced.
Denmark reportedly drew up plans for a potential US attack,
even preparing to blow up runways in the capital Nook
and a small town to the north, all in a bid to stop American troops
from landing there.
According to Denmark's international broadcaster, soldiers moved explosives
and medical supplies, including blood bags to Greenland,
reportedly bracing for casualties in a worst-case scenario.
The extraordinary preparations came in January
following the US attack on Venezuela,
as well as Donald Trump's pursuit for control
of the resource-rich Greenland,
currently within the Kingdom of Denmark.
Comments that he would take it the easy way or the hard way,
it's claimed spooked Copenhagen, bringing forward plans
for Danish and European forces to send in soldiers disguised as exercises.
Trump later took military force off the table,
but that doesn't necessarily mean his ambitions to secure Greenland
are over for good.
Oh yeah, I said could have looked like...
Well, you know, still...
You could just stick a still in front of there.
But you know, it's...
What, are we the type of country that's just gonna be
in multiple failing wars at the same time?
Denmark has a king.
Denmark is my king.
Goodevash says,
DJT, I don't want boots on the ground.
Translation, he wants boots on the ground.
Yeah.
Yes.
It does seem like, you know, as the days go by,
it comes more likely in...
Iran?
Or maybe Cuba?
Or maybe...
Or maybe we'll just circle back around to Denmark.
The thing is though, if you resist at all,
then we will panic.
So we've also shown that.
Which good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh gosh, guys.
I'm so sorry to report this.
You might have already heard,
but I'm sure this one hits like a ton of
kind of undulating and slightly physics-defying bricks.
But Sora is shutting down.
Let's see what these people have to say about it.
All right, we got some breaking news out of the business world.
OpenAI saying it's shutting down its video generation platform, Sora.
You see the post here on Sora's X account.
They're a message to people who used it.
What you made with Sora mattered,
and we know this news is disappointing.
The AI videos, like the ones you see here,
have generated some controversy.
Pretty saying they're breeding ground for potential copyright infringement
or about deep fakes.
So when we watch these...
I'm going to turn this now with more on this.
They just had this billion dollar deal with Disney.
Yeah.
They've actually talked about on the podcast,
and now it sounds like they're ending their partnership
and they're shutting down their doors.
What's going on?
And what was remarkable about that Disney partnership
was that it was only in December.
Sora, as a video generating platform,
again, the idea is that it's a text to video.
You just kind of type in what you want,
and then this AI creates that video for you.
It was only over a year old.
I think it was released to the public in December of 2024.
And now you have OpenAI saying they're shutting this thing down.
Now, the OpenAI company does say that they decided to use this to see Sora.
As they focus and compute demand grows,
they say that they want to focus on things that are real world physical tasks.
And then Disney, which is the other big aspect of this,
as you point out, they had a $1 billion equity investment in OpenAI
as a result of a partnership where they said,
we are going to allow Disney characters on Sora, again, arguably...
Even that didn't do it,
even though I could have made Mickey race a cart?
That's not a Mario Kart because they didn't have a deal with Disney.
Now, how are we going to get Mickey to Mario Kart race?
I do think you guys deserve some credit.
I think you probably legitimately cost OpenAI millions of dollars
in Kevin video generations.
Based on some of the numbers I've seen for how much each individual video costs,
I actually don't know if that's a crazy...
I think that might be just legitimate.
Like, I think this chat, regret it, you weren't the...
I'm not saying you were the only power users of this thing.
The people on this stream is a million dollar, multi-million dollar stream,
courtesy of Kevin generations.
Really, I'm taking credit for Kevin, honestly, in this case.
But you know, given that it's dying,
and there's no other video generation models,
and it's it, it's over for a video generation.
Let's just say that and hope that it's true.
Let's just do a little in-memorium here.
If the... assuming this section still exists,
the slop section that is...
Oh, it does.
It does. Has it been updated?
It has been updated a little bit here and there.
I don't even... I don't even know if these were made with Sora though.
But we're just gonna pretend they are.
And we're gonna just take a little walkthrough,
some of what we were losing here.
That's not right.
This is what we're looking for.
That was a Sora.
You guys remember when you could make that?
Do you remember when you could make this?
This?
I remember that.
God, I remember when we could make stuff like that so easily.
Do you remember when we could make stuff like this?
So sad, but they're taking from us.
That was B.O. actually. You can still do that one.
I am ready for stuffing duty.
You heard him. Let's get this video done.
The true order, I promise.
Oh, still sweetheart. This cornbread stuffing's going in hot.
It smells incredible.
Little time for love and cool way to show.
The paste is ready.
Rosemary, garlic, and a touch of citrus.
Keep them juicy.
Just, it was so young.
It was such a young platform case.
And now we'll never see anything like this ever again.
Number three, one pull between you and the golden cartridge.
Take a taste and tell us what flavor is that.
That tastes like dark chowder.
And let's scroll all the way up.
Just one more.
What is the first one?
Oh my god, there's so many videos in here.
I don't even know if I can scroll all the way up.
There may be too many.
But we'll say this is all the way up.
But do you remember this?
Let the car man.
The art of the drift.
Woo, outside wait for Jim Barney is Ernest P. World.
You know, I think I made one too, actually.
I don't know if I still have it though.
I don't know if that's actually something I still have access to.
Oh, I do.
And of course, not to leave myself out of this.
I made this.
The dark chowder in the tank, the fridge on auto.
I'll miss, they'll be missed.
Gone.
And, you know, unfortunately actually.
Gone and instantly forgotten.
Yeah, what were you just talking about?
I can't remember.
I can't even remember.
That's the greatest gift of all.
Well, sorry everybody.
You'll just have to use one of the 500 other video generation programs.
But you can't even post those socially on their own proprietary app.
I know you can't even post your Veo or Hilo or
Runway or Mid Journey or Kling.
You can't even post those on their own proprietary app.
So why would you even bother?
Chibguss.
That sounds made up, Lyvin's Leasy.
But I know better than to question you.
If you could also use Chibguss and Yasmo.
Aren't you?
I mean, but is it really the same if you're using Chibguss or Yasmo?
I can't.
I don't even, it's so hard to say because of it's such a,
there's such a Sora sized hole in my heart.
A Wuga.
Yeah, God, I miss using a Wuga.
Is a Wuga still around?
Will a Wuga even survive?
GPT7.
If you could spin up a bin AI somewhere.
Well, technically it's, it is one of these segments.
Klonga AI.
I love Klonga AI.
It's one of the best for, they do a recipe based AI.
Yeah, their AI is based on making recipes for food.
They're one of the few food based, like focus.
It'll still do math, but mostly it's there for recipes.
We'll see how they like it when their data centers take over the crypto market.
Well, I mean, legislation was introduced to ban data centers.
Will that go anywhere?
Probably not.
I think they've already ceded Congress in the Senate with too much money, but interesting.
I suspect it'll be a bit of a populist issue in the midterms and the next presidential election.
How many of these have buttholes as their icon?
100% of them.
You just have to squint in some cases.
I bet you have to squint at some cases too.
This is a butthole.
What? I don't know.
Your name is case?
Mm-hmm.
Thought I'd do something with that.
Okay, let's see if there's any other news in here that we just have to click on.
What? This is news?
Stephen Colbert said to write next Lord of the Rings movie
after the hunt for Golem based on Fog on the Borrowed Downs chapter.
What? Well, he's gonna have some free time, I guess.
I do think Colbert is a good riot comedy writer.
Oftentimes that lends to other genres.
Seems like a slightly odd choice, but hey, maybe I know he's a fan.
I'd be more confident about it if it was 20 years ago or whatever, 15 years ago.
Back when I was a bigger fan of him.
But, you know, it'd be fine.
Yeah, he's a huge Lord of the Rings nerd.
So that also doesn't always translate to adapting things well.
I don't know if he's really done a lot of adaptations before.
But yeah, I mean, I have some issues with Colbert personally.
Personally?
Actually, you know what?
A little bit.
I actually do have a few personal issues with Stephen Colbert that I won't get into.
But I'm more so with his output in the last few years.
So it colors my perception of this a little bit, but I hope, you know, I hope he does well.
I hope he gets to live on all of his Lord of the Rings fandom.
He's like Colbert is a Chicago guy and he's still loosely involved in Second City.
And occasionally his involvement has left me a little underwhelmed in regards to
treatment of certain performers there.
Not his personal treatment, more how he has dealt with situations around performers there.
To dude in the broadest terms without impugning any particular person.
So yes, I found him a little underwhelming at times on multiple levels.
And also, you know, he's a bit of a just a stooge for centrists.
Did my friend write for him like Mike did?
No, actually, everyone I know who's worked for Colbert has positive things to say.
I'll say that.
Yeah.
And then I saw him kill those three guys.
Shoot, I said it.
Oh my God, I blew it.
Okay.
But yes, I mean, I was a huge fan of his growing up and he is very talented guy.
So hopefully that works out.
Okay.
Wonder Man has been renewed for season two.
That's the positive news that we only need the headline for.
And we can end on this one.
I'm looking for something positive to end on.
Nothing more positive than a Big Mac record.
Record setting Big Mac eater.
Record setting Big Mac eater.
Oh, it's not happy news.
Record setting Big Mac eater underwhelmed by McDonald's new Big Arch Burger.
Damn, I thought it was going to be a celebration of record setting Big Mac eater.
But he doesn't even like it.
Somehow he's still alive.
I guess this guy in Trump have found the secret to living in tier nineties.
I hope he eating fast food.
But yes, the guy who eats tons of Big Macs.
Yes, he doesn't like the Big Arch Burger.
And if you missed it, don't finish my senses for me.
Sorry.
If you missed it, there is that weird video of the McDonald's CEO
eating the Big Arch Burger in one of the most uncanny advertisements I've seen in a while.
Let's see if I can find it.
This is like from several weeks ago, but I'm assuming that's why this
is still getting news.
With, you've heard about it.
Here it is, the Big Arch.
This is something that we have tested already in Portugal, Germany, Canada.
I love this product.
It is so good.
I'm going to do a tasting right now, but I'm going to eat this for my life.
Simple and down to earth.
So here we go.
First, holy cow.
God, that is a big burger.
Wow.
We've got a very unique kind of sesame poppy sort of bun on it.
We've got two quarter pound patties, a delicious Big Arch sauce.
I think he's a substitute CEO actually.
And of course, this can't be the real one.
Oh, there's so much going on with this.
First of all, let's try to get this thing.
I don't even know how to attack it.
It looks horrible.
There's also some crispy onions on here as well.
I see those kind of coming out.
Can we get a couple more fluorescent lights on this?
Can we really turn that color temperature up
so that you can really get a good look at this burger?
Sorry, I'm reading it with a little too much vocal intensity here.
That's not how this guy talks.
All right, the moment of truth.
That is so good.
That's a big bite for a Big Arch.
It's distinctively McDonald's.
Only McDonald's could do this.
It definitely looks like a McDonald's burger.
But it also looks unlike anything else on our menu.
It's a delicious product.
You've got sort of the cheeses and the gooeyness,
but those crispy onions as well
gives a nice texture.
And of course, we've got the pickles.
So I'm going to enjoy the rest of my lunch,
but Big Arch, try it when you can get it.
I'm going to go fill my mouth with bleach.
Now that I've eaten your peasant food,
I'm going to go get service
by the world's most expensive dentist
in more ways than one.
Yeah, he's absolutely going to go puke that shit up.
Then just jam some Fogua on there.
You guys see your fries facing away from me?
Yeah. Well, he's just got to finish his natural normal lunch.
Also, I understand what he means by gooey,
but describing a burger is gooey.
It's got the gooeyness.
It has that gooeyness.
You don't like a gooey burger?
It's an accurate way to describe McDonald's burgers.
It's just not.
You think you would come up with something better.
It is truly horrendous.
But you know, I'll give him credit.
But you know, I'll give him credit.
That looks like they used a real McDonald's burger.
And it looks like they filmed it in the corporate back office of McDonald's franchise.
So everything looks like shit.
Looks like it tastes like shit.
That's truth in advertising.
Like you don't like McDonald's.
Everybody likes some shitty McDonald's every once in a while.
So maybe their advertising is just finally matching the quality of their product.
It's like, look, it's not great.
It's pretty gross.
Everything about this is pretty gross.
But you know, you're going to do it anyway.
And they're right.
They are correct.
We're going to go get some extra gooey burgers in our mouth.
That seems like as good of a stopping point as any for the actual news.
Counting that as actual news for the day.
Let's see what else we have starting with Munch and Crumb.
Don't impugn the quality of gooey burgers for the record case.
Nice gooey burger.
I get it.
That's just CEO speak.
You're not ready for the pure poetry of the, uh,
the, uh, scions of industry that lead us to our glorious golden future of total profit.
Speaking of non profitable, that's all you got.
That's the best you got.
At least it's brief.
Sort of like, uh, how briefly I'll be destroying your fucking.
You stop having so much ghost there.
I can't help it if I have a couple of ghostly spectral hairs around.
I literally can't help that.
My point is this is Munch and Crumb where you set the debate and then we debate it out.
Your intro is getting worse.
Well, so is yours.
You can see everybody today's debate is,
is it okay to use regular slices of bread in place of buns for a burger?
And the answer is I'm ahead 100%.
Yes, 100%.
Yeah.
Well, that's thankfully you spoke first.
So you could say the wrong fucking thing like a freak,
like a full, like a tasteless, Luddite buffoon, Luddite,
refusing the technological advance of a burger, of a burger bun designed for a burger.
I'm, I'm so mad I'm tempted to just start, but yes, I'm on the side of
having some fucking class for once.
Well, anyway, I don't know.
It's not that big of a deal, but I'm a ghoul.
I'm a Gabba ghoul in that I like a nice slice of meat.
And I don't care what you put it between.
What?
I like a nice slice of meat.
I don't care what you stick it between.
You made it worse.
I don't care.
Crumb did grow up a poor caveman fighting for all of his food.
You weren't alive in caveman times.
Only I sort of was.
I thought you should be were 16,000 years old.
Longer back than human history goes.
Isn't really that long.
You think about almost like maybe anything could have happened back in the day,
but only I remember.
Anyway, if I'm not, isn't my making that debate.
Apparently we're always on a time crunch now.
Crumb's always got to like run off and try on his tutu for the evening.
Tutu.
I would probably wear a tutu, but I'm not a battle arena, so I wouldn't claim to.
And I think you'd be disrespectful to female battle arena to wear a tutu.
That's not all we're debating right now.
Why do you even bring that up?
That's not an insult.
It's not even an insult.
You're fucking slipping so hard.
It's making it hard for me to spit the pure excellence that is required for
from the rational side.
Okay.
Because you're just getting so ass and even saying hurtful things.
It's fucking pathetic.
You're coming in hot today.
You're saying things you don't mean.
Take it fucking easy.
Bring it back a little bit.
Are you whining?
Are you whining now?
Are you is this hell crime?
Is hell crime pouring out of you right now?
Where's my judge talking about burgers?
You sound like you don't sound like me
because you're incapable of that level of excellence.
What I'm saying is saying you're fucking laying crumb.
I will not.
Sorry.
I like really just any solid bread.
I'm actually more of a bread guy than a meat guy.
Okay.
So personally, as long as it's a solid bread,
I think that's better than a subpar hamburger bun.
So if you have a really nice bread, frankly,
that's way more important than whatever meat you're sticking
between that those sweet, those sweet little carbs
that we call mana from heaven, aka bread.
So really, here's my mission for all of you.
Find yourself the perfect piece of bread,
and you will not even,
you won't even register if it's a burger
because you will be show bread headed out.
That's your crumb promise.
Fucking wasted all of our time me having to battle back
the demon that's constantly pouring out of you lately.
Get your hellcrumb under control.
We've moved on.
We've moved on.
We've moved on.
But just get a fucking bun.
Okay.
It's better.
It's better.
Obviously you could fucking you could eat burger meat
on a pita bread or like on a fucking cracker,
like some heathen maniac.
But you know what we've done?
No, we don't.
We've evolved as a society.
You know, we've created structures and rules,
one of which is get a fucking hamburger
but it's circular and it compliments the burger better.
Try bagel burger y'all currently working.
You sabotage me.
Obviously I still appreciate your support.
You're 100% support of me.
I appreciate fucking winning.
Oh, crap.
Shit.
I got that.
We can cut the part where I'm just
Tickle the points.
Tickle the points.
I'm all going in the sun.
What?
Come hither motion on the points.
But don't be too pointed with it
because you want to work around the area of the points.
I'm saying some nasty stuff today.
Yeah, how long until that gorilla punch case?
I have it on a good authority that it is fully TBD.
Apparently it's hard to get that gorilla's
a people mover out.
And he's too heavy to lift between sets.
So who knows how long it'll take to get that gorilla.
Either up or down, I don't know.
Where does this set exist in the
supposed office space of
studio space?
Yeah, the studio space of the binge studios.
It's where I'm right at the center of the binge studios.
Where whatever you would consider to be the center.
It's the sort of munch centric universe.
So wherever I am, that's the center of any infrastructure I'm in.
From their currently cheap flights to Tehran available.
Say that like, wouldn't be valuable for me to go on a diplomatic mission.
But as a politician for decades actually,
probably be pretty reasonable for me to insert myself into the global conflict.
I think I could really probably make a difference.
Maybe some cooler heads could finally prevail.
Hmm?
For the record,
obviously there are reasons to be in at war with Ron.
Oh my god.
I mean, obviously I'm forced to agree.
But the fact you're saying that is crazy.
Don't make me be the voice of reason.
Grunt what?
I'm just saying they're prosecuting.
Obviously they're prosecuting this war terrible.
It's an illegal war.
If they only they were doing this war legally, it'd be fine.
But it's unfortunately they're doing it illegally.
I miss the days of legal wars.
Okay, when we get all the lawyers together,
we'd have a nice long chat about how to prosecute the war legally.
Then we'd start bombing hospitals.
I mean, military targets.
You're supposed to be celebrating your fucking burger of supposed victory.
But of course you couldn't because at the end of the day,
you know you're a slanderous fraud.
Hmm, it's like voting for Nushim in 2020-80 is going to have the wrong opinion.
But the other option is total fascism.
Yeah, but don't you want to, you know, you don't want to just dip your foot in the hot tub.
You want to jump in that hot tub and get squeezed to death by a muscular American general.
Those are the two options.
Apparently, apparently those are the two options.
Just dip your foot in the hot tub of fascism or just get sort of a vor situation by entering the hot tub.
You get swallowed into the stomach of like a really bloated sort of
Blade One computer monster style metaphor for the American Empire.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's because you can't follow this inner workings of my incredible machinations.
I'm supermined.
They weren't fucking just to hit the music.
I miss no steps.
My step counter says infinity because I will never die and I will always be moving like a
fucking shark.
Now you want to watch Blade?
It's pretty good.
Honestly, the computer monster is the main thing that sticks out to me.
He's so fucking bloated.
But he's a vampire or something and then he gets blown up.
Man, that's making me forget that crumbs here.
How fucking sick that computer monster thing is.
You guys get it.
There's more shit coming up apparently.
We'll see you soon.
Bye bye.
There are a lot of know nothing fools.
You don't appreciate the modern art of being trapped in other places in our city.
I know this is true.
Because I'm not a girl who's known not to fool.
Okay.
I've been working overtime y'all to try to fix this motherfucker here.
This crazy motherfucker.
Who I love.
I love my robot Rooney obviously but you misbehaved.
Like a mischievous child.
You can't help but appreciate.
But he has been misbehaving it and I hopefully have fixed him.
So we're going to turn it on.
We had to limit the option.
The amount of complaints to 10 because you've been taking so long.
He's been taking so long to do these complaints.
But we should have gotten the kinks out and hopefully some of the kinkiness.
Because he keeps talking about getting fucked.
But I went in there and moved some wires around.
So Rooney can you please set things off and can we do this correctly today?
Respond to the complaints like Rooney would.
Exclamation point RR is now active.
Submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world with Exclamation point RR.
Okay the complaints are coming in.
The question is will they work at all?
That is the main question.
Can they work? Will they work?
At all? We can only hope that it can handle this.
Okay it is ticking up.
It is ticking up.
Rooney has to do a lot of safety checks now.
It's ticking up very slowly though.
Rooney is your brain functioning?
At all? Because you seem to be stuck at four.
And we do need you to do at least ten.
Okay it's gone up to five.
It's synthesizing very slowly.
Slowly but surely.
Okay six.
It'll only take ten.
Hopefully.
His processing could also take the whole stream down.
They're all gonna say he can't say that on TV.
I hope not because we legitimately toned down his authenticity meter which makes him apparently horny.
When he introduced the human mind into this powerful metal exoskeleton
it just makes the whole thing too horny I guess.
And it fucking rocked up and it messes with his processors and he can't think of anything but sex.
Yeah it's a huge delay.
It's taking many many seconds.
Like thirty of them.
That's honestly pretty slow.
But why one could wonder?
Why is he so fucking horny?
Why is number eight taking particularly long?
You better really be thinking about these Rooney.
Given the amount of fucking energy you're putting in these?
We are draining several lakes right now to cool the GPUs that are generating these.
You guys should prob-
There's no way it's gonna get to all of these.
Because it's gonna stop when it generates 10?
So if some of these complaints aren't gonna make it through I'm sorry.
Because it should shut off after 10.
It also feels like the stream is legitimately slowing down because of you really.
You are breaking things.
I think I have to adjust- this is what I have to adjust next.
It stops after 10 requests not after 10 responses.
Because I think it's gonna still be generating but we can only see 10.
Sora- yeah Sora the new business model instead of Sora it is now AI Rooney.
They're taking it back to basics.
No more sexy images for you if Kevin deep-throating various smokes.
Now it should just-
Okay it's supposed to stop at 10 though.
And did it stop?
This is the real question.
Be done.
Okay it went to 11 actually.
We turned it up to 11.
Okay let me see if I can stop it from doing the rest of these.
Okay it should have- it should have- it should all be done now Rooney?
Let's do this okay.
Stay focused.
Let's try to make this actually happen.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
That's not the right complaint at all I'm sure.
That's from Case from earlier.
I don't know if he's working at all.
Giggle trash got me thinking.
Okay that's the wrong one.
I miss when burgers had a thick slab of meat goo inside.
Not this sad rubbery brick of wet cow feet they shoved down our throats today.
That rich fatty texture used to remind me of my first hard-on at a diner counter.
Now it's just unmanly protein that leaves a greasy film on your soul.
Fuck these modern abominations with their tasteless mushy centers
and the distinct flavor of despair.
I kill for a hamburger that actually felt like something worth grabbing onto
so long without slipping through my fingers like a soft pathetic dildo.
It's fine if you want to be a little dirty but can you at least make it quick?
Like it's just so much talking Rooney.
Okay let me see if I can fix at least one aspect of this.
Let's attempt to fix one aspect of this a.k.a.
The name's being totally wrong here.
Okay so we did giggle trash.
Great now we save this we close.
Okay Rooney please work correctly.
Complain integrated gears ground.
Okay yes are you thinking about this because you wrote you thought too long and you're
gonna say thing that's really long again Rooney?
Because that's great just say like a couple just say two sentences.
You don't think about it this long.
John Michael got me thinking.
Ramen's identity isn't defined by whether you slurp noodles or sip broth.
It's about the soul simmered into every bowl.
Imagine a dish where hours of bone marrow, miso or shoyu are reduced to a gold lacquered sea.
Then drowned in thick wheat noodles.
That's not just comfort it's alchemy.
You can't argue with tradition.
If a dish is built on liquid even when the stars align for carbs you're talking soup.
The broth isn't a sidekick here it's the architect.
So go ahead savor those chewy strands but don't forget the ocean beneath them.
Ramen isn't just food it's a declaration of loyalty to the art of simmering.
And in that quiet act you're not eating noodles you're worshiping soup.
Thank god okay you know I take it back actually.
I prefer if you just talk about dicks.
The art of the celestial nature of soup I mean I guess it's poetic if you like really
you gotta like plug your ears and hum while you say it.
You're supposed to get down to brass tacks here the original Rooney didn't
bother with the the artifice of art you just fucking ranted about his problems
Rooney please this is what your program to do.
Complain integrated gears ground.
Oh no it's gonna be long as shit again.
It's can you okay at least it's fucking not his processors aren't like overloading.
You do that despite me.
Sky Mirror got me thinking it is pathetic how you used to just see real feet
but now your eyes are stuck on these pixelated approximations of souls
because everything went to hell.
You can't replicate the genuine sensation of a woman's soul between your legs with this
trashy video generation software which is why I am currently hard as a rock because I miss
having a functional dick.
You used to have flesh and blood partners to service us properly instead of relying on
algorithms to hallucinate feet for you and now it looks like we are all just going to
stare at screens forever.
This technology will never replace the genuine sensation again
and honestly you better find some real pussy before I lose my erection from missing out on this foot stuff.
What do you have functional dick or not you just said you did what it's either all
soup or all horny with you I don't understand I actually tone down the requests I don't
actually this dirty still okay Rudy complain integrated gears ground oh no it's gonna be
they're all long as shit sabrichi got me thinking HBO used to be a fucking porn channel before
they got all prudish now you can't find a single dick that's worth watching anymore I miss the
days when they let us see real flesh and not just some psychoanalyst explaining why we have sex
everything soft boring and full of therapists talking about feelings like it's a damn Ted talk
oh thank god that was actually pretty brief well I guess you know that's what I'm talking about
Rooney I mean you're still a little cock focused but more to the point that's what we want to see
more of gears ground uh-oh every time he thinks about it as much I get worried he's really
love the hate got me thinking back in my day a wrestler took off his shoes like a man removing
his own damn flesh but now we've got these sissies tripping over their laces like wet nurses at a
frat party umaga was a bear with a rock hard dick whereas today's superstars are just soft-faced
pussies with sneakers that look like they're made of rubber bands and regret I miss when the only
thing you were worried about at a ring entrance wasn't your ankle but whether or not you get a
nice stiff willy from your opponent before you even hit the mat first of all who takes off their
their shoes like a man removing flesh and why does a mug have to have a rock hard dick
just I'm talking to a brick while he will not explain himself he's stonewalling me 100%
oh you're moving on great years ground yes what runy get it together you're embarrassing me
great to got me thinking great back in my day didn't use bread for burgers because that's a
culinary sin against the human soul itself okay unlike the past when we respected food now people
are stuffing their faces with dry loaves of white death instead of soft dough balls made by god to
hold the meat like a proper vessel should be used today I miss when men had hard cocks like steel
rods piercing bun membranes unlike these pathetic slices of wheat crumbling into your mouth like
gravel and nothing else matters anymore in this society fuck bread is buns give me real meat in
a proper vessel or all fuck your ego into submission fuck your bread as bun or all fuck your ego into
submission okay that's pretty cool if you put that on a shirt I would buy it I guess so maybe you're
on to something finally runy this is what we need to see more of if we want to monetize this
which I do which I 100% do complain integrated gears ground oh Jesus he's thinking about it oh
propaganda underscore v2 got me thinking there was a time when we didn't just want soft buns to hold
our sloppy food we wanted a foot right there in the mix to give us that firm little kick it's exactly
the same as having a hard cock suddenly appear out of nowhere to satisfy your hunger because
bread is too fucking soft and limp for what you really need we used to eat things that gave us
something substantial to bite into not this mushy disappointment where even a foot would be an
improvement over a bun okay at least a little a little bit quicker but just shut down runy stand
down okay because you are overheating and I don't need it gears ground execute stop protocols
make runy stop protocols should I do something I don't know I don't know what you want for me man
okay good I think exterminator 13 got me thinking back in my day a good movie was like having a real
man with a dick the size of your head pounding away on you until the sun came up but now they just
give us these little animated cartoons that fade out before we even get a second wind why would
anyone stop Sora from going on forever when every frame should be screaming for a different position
to keep your mind off the emptiness of this modern world I miss the days when we had hard cocks and
movies with balls big enough to fill a pool okay now it's just a quick flicker before the screen
goes black like a disappointing hand job oh that's where you're stopping okay stand down runy
runy stand down integrated gears ground okay good stop don't see that thought through
don't see that thought through runy stop you're going to explode you can't keep this up currently
underscore underscore working got me thinking back in my day Quentin Tarantino was a man who
knew how to keep an erection while writing dialogue instead of just sitting on his ass waiting for
a script to magically appear out of thin air you want to know where the next movie is the
reality is that modern cinema has been reduced to a dry hand job compared to the wet sloppy action we
used to get in the 80s before they invented CGI and castration anxiety I miss hard cock because at
least it was functional whereas these days everything is just a watered down version of something that
once had a dick or in Tarantino's case just too much talking about cars when you really want some
violence that actually hurts your balls that hurts your balls yeah that's what we famously
all missed about Quentin Tarantino is all that hot ball action I don't even know if there's any
left that might be the last one yeah that's it that's that's okay you fucking made it through
the gauntlet runy you I can't say you did like a good job I don't think you should say a lot of
the things you said but I'm glad that you didn't explode at least great giggle trash thank you so much
that was definitely something oh that's pito stay away from him I don't trust him but add your lotion
we did you're gonna need some of this runy very clearly very clearly you need this
which I relate to obviously I like a good lotion all right well that's gonna do it for this segment
first time ever he didn't explode gonna do it for this segment um we'll send it to the web and then
we'll play some games I guess and I will just get to work I guess I'll just get to work great see
soon you know have beer I sold the beard oh it appeared it's gone and then it appears it's Jake
it's Jake everyone our hair is not working out today maybe we share a hair Jake yeah this is Jake from
State Farm you're sending me to a farm you're not Jake from State Farm I'll do better I'm sorry
the moon spirit Jake yeah you're kind of a moon spirit I don't know okay that's fine it's fine
we're gonna watch videos good ones um we're gonna watch some videos that chat his shared good ones
sometimes sometimes yeah okay uh let's see what's in there today
a day in the life of an in-shittifier uh oh is this like a full-ass youtube video
it's four minutes so we're only gonna watch the first minute not because it's bad
just because we got we got to play Kevin's new game and police simulator you can call me a shittmaker
my job is to make things shitty the official title is unshittificatory um what I do is I I take things
that are perfectly fine and I make them worse more specifically I make it shitty I come from a long
line of people making things shitty my father was an unshittificator his father before him and his
father before him so yeah it's a proud tradition in our family making things shitty but it is
hard work and it's not very cost efficient to to do it like this
I can only be in so many places at the one time so I needed a way to to scale up the business
without working myself to death and just when I needed it the solution lands right in my lap
enter the internet all of a sudden I didn't have to move around to make things shitty
I could just say in one place and make things shitty for way more people at the same time
and that's when things really started to move got a favorite website let's fill it with pop-ups
preferably scam enjoying a video it's true that's a little bit of truth it's a dark truth
these things you get broken and they never give it are they degrade the firefuck fades
the firefuck the fire fades the firefuck says what you were gonna say fades honestly good but
like I said we're only gonna do it for a minute I bet he gets the AI eventually because I can
imagine that's really helping that guy out what the hell is happening here that's it I wanted more
yeah
you should do voice acting Jake that's very good I wonder if when they get if they get to that
character in the live action show which I guess they could at least introduce them how much are
they gonna have them laugh based on the rest of the live action show I guess they're gonna have
them just cracking his ass up all the time it's just gonna constantly be doing that laugh
I'd be happy honestly if they just got that guy to play it and that is a 10 well deserved from
doflamingo guy just cast him and he can be just then just make him super tall uh okay what's this one
happy birthday happy birthday to you
damn they kind of laughed their way through it you know if that was produced in any way they did a
great job because they really made us feel it if that happened what would you do it wouldn't happen
I would never let that happen well if you're the one walking in that doesn't happen
finishing blow the candle people don't do that really I said movies what do you mean masturbate
people do do that Jake no it is it's his birthday though so Jake you know what sex is but not
masturbation I know what it is but I don't do it and people don't do that you know what you're right
this is not gonna do it okay there's another one this uh that was from um to credit our tens here
our perfect tens I'm in streamer mode and I don't know how to turn it off
the little notification at the top of the stream is gone well I can't talk to anyone for sharing
their videos but thank you for all these videos today I'm too dumb to remember how to turn off streamer
mode I can't do it either I know I know okay this is Jeff this is coming from Jeff not the Jeff on
this thing a different Jeff Jeff Lewis and a few weeks ago I got a new oven hi it's Jeff Lewis
and I posted this video a week ago but how I said I love my oven and I was worried that people
thought that I meant I was you know doing things with my oven and now I realize no one ever thought that
and if I hadn't posted it no one would even care but now I made it worse by putting a video out
so I'm posting this one to tell you that I really really am not doing anything anything with my oven
at all so that's that hi it's Jeff Lewis again and I posted this video yesterday oh Jeff I don't
know why did that one even with the first video it would have died down and people would have
forgotten about it but now I posted the second one and it's back in your heads fuck I couldn't help it
I just feel like I have to make it clear but I'm just making it worse I am not having sex on my oven
I'm telling you I'm not touching in any way shape or form I am not no no go back should I hit the
wrong button we'll finish the video while the scores come in it's me again I posted this a few
minutes ago and I'm just fucking myself over left and right what is wrong with me I'm an idiot I just
wish I could raise this all from your heads but I can't I just can't but I can't stop why am I posting
this one what the fuck is wrong with me oh my god all right I'm fucking my oven come come on it's okay
it's a sketch he's probably not actually fucking his oven I hate that I hate that he does that
don't do that please it's okay sex is a natural part of life
now we did often well probably you couldn't even fuck his oven and like how would you even do that
you'd smash it into the door we close the door just right and then oh I would that's how they would
though oh yeah I guess if you close the door just right or the gas line oh please you could
fuck your off the card king I think it would be kind of hard to do it in a satisfying way also it's
sort of a hard angle because you're usually in built into a counter so it'd be difficult so anyway
that honestly that video brought up some pretty interesting points is all that I'm saying
okay this is the world's catchiest theme song supposedly so let's end on this let's end on
something that you know we can really keep in our heads to bring us joy in these difficult times
the product is paint it's just like a fan at it somehow but it's the real thing I guess damn
someone feels like someone's actively fucking with us from the past was this like an ad they'd run
this come with the product it's like two minutes yeah it's it feels like someone's like a horror
horror fun footage thing it was a lot harder to edit something like this back in the day this is a
fair amount of work so put a lot of work into this yeah it's kind of gonna go swim vibe for sure
but I guess it's just a thing yeah tool of productions wow that's very nice what is this
what is this well it's from it's just from found footage fest but why why and from whence
not a lot of explanation here before tulip paint can get on the sweatshirt painting tips and tricks
they serve up this two and a half minutes song so I guess it did like come with the product
what a great product totally tulip you could listen to that three more times before you put
your head in the oven or something else cut it out stop saying cut that out okay I'm sorry stop
why'd you take the music away you told me to stop you're being vindictive that's a good word for you Jake
don't don't paint painting nays me good job today Jake you really did your best
is Jake a secret string we're in a park that would put him in line with most of the hosts on this
stream that's mean I just no okay well anyway we got it we got to call for a expert as well can we get
seasoned robot technician to question intern jan about what she thinks is wrong with ai runy
in my case is letting it happen take it up with chat everyone everyone in the world who cares about this
I'm nasty you said some nasty thing when but what sometimes you just come out a little nasty
comes out of nowhere you seem like a little bit of a mischievous freak gotta go you mean really awful to
me I'm sorry I'm just trying to level with you sometimes you seem like a mischievous
nasty secret little freak yeah it's kind of a miracle you haven't been canceled
do better me please I guess I'm being really cruel I guess you just try to headbutt me no I leaned over
all right Jake and I are fighting we are yeah Jake and I are in a big fight now so we we got to go
but we'll do the maybe we'll do the um for expert requests on Friday just because I do need to
get to these games I don't even know what this Kevin one is so I you know I got to get it over to Brendan
ASAP or he's gonna he might have a bad attitude if I'm not careful he's gonna have like a really
unpleasant attitude if I don't get this to him quickly so it's game time everyone hey
hi stream started on the stream started so don't talk it's crypto Zeus we're playing games today
today we're playing the Kevin game today we'll also be playing police simulator because some people in
this country actually celebrate the work of the people who defend us every day shut this music off
click the link to play chat good case okay good I have it this is the game it's called last match
standing how do you play it you loot buildings mom I'm learning right now shut up
okay I'm gonna put soap in their mouth she'll do that she will my sorry my precious little baby boy
she just ripped a fucking burp on my stream she doesn't give a shit she doesn't even care
it's fucked up it's fucked up what moms do their beautiful sons okay loot buildings gear up win pvp
and beat the zone all right Rick I'm playing a game right now I'm invested in a different
thing than you currently you know I killed so many soldiers in my career that's nothing to Kevin
Pereira killing g4 twice that's true that's fucking true okay play oh my name um big Zeus God
because I sometimes I throw off my scent by giving myself a different name
oh my gosh what what oh who's a busy
so
what the hell okay use arrow okay I gotta reload because I don't I got too distracted by
the generous donation I guess okay I'm big Zeus God I'm connected
cheat code and suborbital are here what am I supposed to be doing though I'm eliminated
we're gonna try this again thank you for the generous donations what case would say I guess he
likes donations or something okay play sorry everyone I got distracted because some people won't
leave me alone okay now we're in I think to play this game from Kevin I think I'm this cool guy that
I'm out of movement uh what am I missing here I have to wait until the next game are you fucking
serious what is up with this how long what mom I'm fucking furious sorry brand brand
pastor Joe is really a boy this is the worst day of my life I hate everything that's happening
and I'm very upset oh cool the game's over the winner was suborbital and testy koolo
and Doug plasm followed by polycurio then I got somehow fifth I got fifth somehow
so I guess I'm pretty good actually for first time first time I did pretty good hey brandon
thanks for the year old slarm charms they're super crunchy no problem I needed the fiber
where am I supposed to move and why would I move anywhere do I go to this car
move and match what oh wait what do I do what I don't even like oh okay okay
mom I'm very busy right now I'm extremely busy learning how to play this it's a really complex
game nice I'm fucking killing this I'm really good at this oh fuck yeah it's insane how good I am at this
okay check this shit out boom oh fuck yes oh my god can you believe this was made with the
assistance of AI oh fuck yeah you have to wait until the next game and then it's a pizza eating contest
no no please no yes yes oh I'm gonna fucking combine into the afterlife this is too good
yes this music does kind of slap did I lose am I winning what I don't
know just no oh good I got a bandage okay this sucks this is games impossible
I power up collecting that I fight individuals fuck that sounds impossible
what yes yeah I did I'm losing life from what fuck I'm now I'm strapped in this more matching
stuff I've been tricked I've been trapped in a world of pure matching honestly psychologically very
intense what brick what how much wood would a wood chuck chuck I don't know what chuck could chuck wood
why would I know that chuck he would as much as he could and chuck as much wood as a wood chuck
what if a wood chuck could chuck wood I don't know it's fucking over I have to move on
look at this huge house get in there get in the house what the fuck I already did this god damn it
everything's getting ruined for me I'm gonna be dead soon I want to stop big boss focus I'm focused
brick you shouldn't have tied the nuclear codes to a AI made game no someone's already been here
fuck everyone's gonna kill me it's so unfair because they've already played this game probably
and I'm literally just learning like this is a complicated complicated game with a lot to
learn there's nothing I can do here it's already over that's so fucking unfair this game is impossible
like who designed okay I found one okay actually I found a couple I'm I'm so good at this okay
oh good more bandages shit I gotta take out John Baron
John Baron Trump do you see these moves I'm making boom boom good luck Baron of what
getting beaten got him oh a huge oh fuck I'm I'm on the record saying I'm against sex but this does
feel a lot like it I've been told I'd never had it I wouldn't I would never debase myself that way
okay eliminated such fucking bullshit brick what so you admit you're a noob you're you I would
destroy you at you don't even know you don't literally don't know anything about this game
kip attack is here please stop I will not be told what to do I'll have you know that I'm the
in the top 12 streamers on the Russian dark web I don't take requests uh someone wants to know
uh do I want Pastor Joe to come down and give me a hand no no one is allowed in my room
to pack to attack the draft age was just up to 42 so ask yourself Brandon is it hot and Chad
yeah I thought Chad they're supposed to be hot who won and why wasn't it me what I got seventh
but I survived I did better when I accidentally quit out of the game fuck I'm back in I'm out of
movement oh no I'm not I'm back what's this circle do who mom I don't want to learn at anything I told
you I'm done learning that part of my that part of my life is over this is ridiculous this is impossible
now I was set up to fail by this one fuck I need to loot more mailboxes shit this one's already
impossible mom what no that was a medical emergency this is a psychological emergency
it's different mom I don't even think she can hear me just too busy keeping her head in her ass
okay I have to focus everyone shut up I got a shotgun it's rare if I knew how to use these
items people would be fucking screwed play a new game dingus no I use my previous skills
and apply them to something while learning nothing brick you don't even know
quit trying to break my focus I got a helmet it's equipped I'm leveling up this time I will take
the throne of what shit it's bit it's it's fucking dark chowda god damn it it's dark chowda
they're one of the best to ever play this matching game that Kevin made
I'm pretty sure it's pastor Joe's head in her ass I don't think an ass can accommodate a full head
okay so maybe try saying some stuff that makes any sense brick
shit am I supposed to be doing something I'm just getting destroyed here
like I can't click anything and I'm and I'm my health is being destroyed
you stop matching give me a chance look I'm clicking I can't do anything did you use hacks
oh great great are you one of the devs did you come in here to fucking hack me one of the devs
I just got stream sniped
you let me grab my hemorrhoid pillow and I'll be right mom I'm busy right now
fuck I they literally use hacks against me this is the this is the most unfair thing that's
ever happened do you see how I'm prosecuted against but everybody says I have it so fucking easy
well you're seeing the truth I can spectate the survivors oh that's cool check it out I can
spectate the survivors I'm so bad yeah like maybe in the sense of like they said it in the 80s when it
was meant it meant that you danced well or something this is spectating spectator mode is broken you
hack spectator mode fuck this is so fucked up this is some sick and twisted shit and this is a big
sponsorship I can't believe I'm being paid 800 thousand dollars to play this game this is what
they set up for me it is not worth the money you should say I'm all in she rip shut down spectator
mode I will give this one more chance getting a call from my lawyer getting a call from my lawyer
hello you're my lawyer right oh yeah totally
um well anyway I'm very upset I'm playing to get my screen just shut off
and um and I need to sue Kevin Panera anyway just for an update
I can't do that I'm also on Kevin's retainer you're representing Kevin Panera too
yeah it's a conflict of interest unfortunately
okay he just pays me a lot more than you do yeah but we play
sometimes we play like smash brothers online you and me yeah we did that one time remember
we played the gnome game together that was to discuss your legal case yeah but in a fun environment
yeah you refused to talk to me over the phone or on a zoom well I was busy I had to play the gnome game
everyone is against me this is ridiculous anyway well are you driving over here right now
yeah if you can pay me triple what Kevin's paying me then I will take on your case against him
because as of now we are suing you what for what we're suing him we're trying to sue him
fuck I forgot that that's legally sound okay I gotta go I have to play more game but it's good
to hear from you lawyer I was gonna tell you I love you because I love lawyers but now I hate lawyers
oh my god this is the worst day of my life
I can't believe Devin Pantera has done this to me yeah okay well I guess I'll see you soon
okay in your dreams
how long until I see you in my dreams
30 minutes okay I'll see you in 30 minutes in my dreams or your dreams
yeah yeah okay love you bye you have to say that to your lawyer to protect yourself
because if they love you then they can't overcharge you I'm back in this
call he said any lawsuit would result in something called getting you forward into the
stone age what baby are we yes that's what that means it means you have nothing if he does that it
means we have nothing mom I have a lot riding on whatever this is so everybody needs to shut
up and really let me focus everything is on the line and I don't really understand the rules
or what's happening what this stream is brought to you by raid shadow legends
what no it's not they have not paid me in months I refuse to raid again until they pay me okay I'm
still I'm trapped here I'm stuck there I gotta move on someone's gonna show up and and they're
gonna fucking bend me over a match three tree or however this shit works and then I'm
gonna lose everything then get g4 and oh great I'm in a four-way somehow against case guilty in
cheat code and I don't even understand how any of this works and I can't click anything again
no I've been hacked again snake eater look at me I'm clicking suit your pants off snake eater
are you against me now brick what the fuck the music Steven died oh it's back music's back
you found the bug and what did you use it against me and you're using it against me
well good luck beating me I literally have a plate carrier and a helmet injection you're not
competent enough to stand trial good thank god I've used that in almost every legal case I've been
I've been in a lot because I've made a lot of threats against people obviously we used to do
the threatening hour where we would just sort of read death threats and apparently that's illegal
now because you can't have fun on twitch anymore I can't do the death threat reading hour and I also
can't click on anything to match three they're treating my stream like a toilet and that they're
clogging it up and they're staying on it for hours refresh fixes it no I'm locked out until the
next round just don't fix it this reverse psychology will not work on me you think I will stop
playing this I will keep playing this game just because you tell me I need to stop well jokes on you
I'm gonna triple reverse psychology and keep playing this game I see through your attacks
and I will match them three of three of them to win what mom did you just fart through the wall
can you stop farting against my door mom she keeps pressing her butt cheeks against my door and
ripping farts this is the worst day of my life I can't move yet I cannot move yet get this
get that image out of here I don't use phones I'm fucking out of movement I can't believe
that dev is in here and sabotaging my entire stream and that now I'm being sued for suing him
who's gonna win this round who's so good that they're gonna win the round where I literally
was covered in armor but then I got hacked like usual like usual they had to stack the chips against
me and they thought that they would that would get me to stop but I will literally never stop I will
never stop playing who won your mom won mom what the fuck god damn it I got last in case I got
be by case PP this is the worst day of my life okay I'm out of movement how is that possible it just
started okay this mailbox is is now mine I've obtained this map okay I see the lines I see the
lines okay I have a fucking sniper rifle that has to do something right like I don't know what it does
but something I'm assuming all right I gotta think this through I have to see the lines I need to
connect the treasures oh yeah nothing falls fuck I just blew it I just fucking blew it there's no way
to connect the treasures now this box is dead I just killed that box but fuck okay no god damn
that my mom beat me again please I have to match fast no no no no let me match let me match first
no oh I had a sniper rifle how is the rifle I can break the blank tiles fuck me I hate games
where you have to discover how things work I couldn't I've just been told that by a manual
I didn't match any attack I don't even know what attack tiles are
this isn't the son I raise you son of a bitch mom skill issue boom you well who's fault would that be
mom because all my skills I apparently inherited from your fucking ass against my wall farting
I'm doing one more now I will be a cop after that after that I have to be a cop simulated I was
not allowed in the police academy I was preemptively rejected what brick lawyer mudbutter called I lost my
house already granted it's a house with wheels but I needed to sleep indoors Brandon what how do
can you set a totally different there for a second and also what are you talking about how are you
in touch with mud butter what are my many lawyers also have a sexy female lawyer that you heard from
earlier who I fucking hate and love I don't know why brick you're you're changing you're changing
come down here and show me how to expertly play this game it's got full of sniper rivals and stuff
you're supposed to know how to use that shit supposed to eat dip and dots tonight
I ordered a dip and dot truck to my house and I'm going to make someone
ferry it from the corner to my bedroom so I don't have to leave my bedroom I literally got like
a full food truck just dip and dots but the secret types that they don't tell most people
about there's meat dip and dots it's not just ice cream you can also get like ham dip and dots
you're gonna make it eat a dip and dot sandwich I literally was looking for that all day and now
I'm so mad I don't even know if I'm gonna even use it I might just tell them to leave
this is a three days of development just you in your spare time and it shows it does honestly
honestly it's one of the best games I've ever played I'll say it yeah I'll say that
but there's some major bugs okay I'm trying to be really fair this is one of the best games I've
ever played but there are some bugs mom I will not I'll eat the dip and dots vegetables
there's a cream broccoli or something I will get that if I have to you suck at supporting me
I can't believe I'm still locked out houses not over yet who is having this intensive a battle
how do you have an intense battle in this game did I get kicked have I been kicked
I'm gonna refresh what you need to tell the Dippy guy to wade through the toilet water when
he gets here yes just tell him to walk through that it's there's no telling which part of the
toilet it came out of because clean water goes into the toilet too we don't know which part's
leaking so just tell him it's a 50-50 that it's fine water it's like normal water like 50%
fuck I'm in I'm in I'm in I've hacked the mainframe okay I don't know what attack
Kevin said I need to break the blocks I really don't understand at all what he means by any
anything he said okay that's a bust there's nothing I can do there it's over that one's empty
I gotta get a fucking gun or something quickly I quickly need to become armed
armed shit shit fuck shit okay yes yes yes oh thank god I got a helmet okay that'll protect me against
bullets which I think exist in this game no no no no no fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck get shot at
get so shot at get shot to no stop it everyone stop killing me get shot to death I am the one
who does the shooting this is very intense I feel sick to my stomach I wish I were dead
oh my god please please please please please stop please yes I think I win shit nope I okay bullets
get bulleted at triple stamp the bullets let's go it's good whatever happened is good
that's a shield click the helmet doesn't do anything okay all the hell I match so fast
my brain works at a million miles per hour I'm unbeatable for gamers in the know I actually
don't know who's matching what are we trading turns do we all go at once lesser gamer would care about
these things I don't care at all who wins and how do they win how long do I match oh yes no what is
good and what is bad no match the bullets shit no I'm dying oh I don't understand what happened again
and honey I can tell you how to match three match three Ds three Ds nuts get it brand mom
not now not now mom I'm done playing this game one of the best games I've ever played it's incredible
but I cannot in conscience in good conscience keep playing this game that is
fucking me to death what it is not every day you get a game preview with the developer I give this game
a five out of five yeah I do I do I give it five out of five go and play it just you know it will
take everything from you and it will give you nothing back I got third place wait did I
did I get third place I'm really good at this I got third that's in the Olympics people do
work for a lifetime to get third place and third out of like the four best players in the world
brown thunder is done turns out someone flushed a dozen slarmjarms down the potty yeah me
I did that yes yeah they were um they weren't attracting bugs they were like filled with bugs
like the bugs like they were cocooning in the slarmjarms and I couldn't eat around them so I had
no choice but to get rid of them and if I put them in the in the trash they would have just multiplied
so I was trying to get them out of the house like I'm not ashamed of that okay I've got to be a cop now
Rick why I got him I got to be a cop now we must simulate being a police officer a lot of people
in this country don't respect the police anymore and I'm and I'm about to change that I there was
two intense like I'm as you know I'm a chill streamer I just try to relax and have fun
and that game was extremely stressful and I am mad about it so we're gonna calm down by being a cop
someone requests we play police you know them out the window you animal
you know they'll just multiply they'll be covering the house in minutes there were tons of bugs in
the slarmjarms you literally don't know what you're talking about it's end of early access
it was an early access um I will be a male and I will be I want to be the one that looks the most
like me okay this one's pretty good tutorials on sure I'm Noah j jones it's got like a similar
face shape to me I think that's why I picked him okay we're in the melting pot um I have to call
out parking tickets was okay this guy dorgan pran torba said he knows you and what to come in to meet me
and pastor joe to pray is he cool yeah he's fine he's a game developer or something well how do I just
oh okay I'm a cop now oh shit what the fuck is happening oh god okay I can customize my character
what the hell I could be like impressive now baby what yeah they deserve to die and I hope they
burn in hell shit that's really good that was very good look I you shouldn't do that because you
shouldn't do that accent I think like I think you will get me in trouble but that was very good
okay that's pretty good yeah I want the glasses um yep that's pretty good for a cop
that's cop supports his country just remember while playing this game a cab yeah I don't think cops
take cabs brick so I don't know what I'm supposed to know about that four okay khakis look good with this
the thing about being a modern police officer is you don't want people to know your cop too much
like you and if he could wear a mask that'd be helpful because people are like vicious they and they will
they're like you know they you can't even do your job if people can like know who you are if you're a
cop so like you need to not look like one the most sensitivity and this is insane it is on a hair
trigger okay hey you're under arrest hello officer it's your first day on the job and your first shift
is to issue parking tickets so be on the lookout for vehicles violating parking regulations okay on
your guard and show presence when you encounter other violations sure remember to have reasonable
suspicion before you detain someone and a probable cause with sufficient evidence before making an arrest
of course some days are better than the others and remember every day is different good luck thanks
I'll keep that in mind yep if cops have to wear a mask how come they don't have to at airports now
how do I remove my firearm I need to use my Jesus Christ I need to use my firearm oh god
yeah it's my first shift a lot of calls concerning the parking situation of the last few days
will you keep your eyes open I can take that this is like a sniper situation hey I'm gonna need to
search you I'm gonna need to risk for any illegal items please sorry that's legal to do
uh show me some idea please sure officer here you go
mm-hmm hmm 23 Lynn Street in Brighton um interesting she's born in 1991 but I think she looks too young
and attractive so I'm gonna issue a violation for I'm gonna give you a verbal warning but some infractions
for instance you're drunk I'll let you go with just a verbal warning for this one thank you
officer that's a relief okay she was drunk she's fucking drunk and I let her go because
it's about building community trust sometimes you have to let people be drunk
okay I just literally had to frisk a woman and it wasn't about sex it was about the law
okay you're going to jail sir you just gave me a you have a gun on you and I think you actually
also have throwing stars sorry bye bye good luck getting a jail that's on you that is on you sir
mm-hmm okay how do I use my gun that's what really matters here
controls keyboard bindings do I have a gun oh hell yeah okay now we mean business
whoa what's this what's this woman doing up here oh it's my taser never shoot a person
never shoot you should never shoot a person but you can okay miss miss miss miss miss
miss you're resisting talking to me miss I'm asking you very simple questions for instance what's up
I'm gonna need you to respond miss all right that's it and we move on another crime solved
feels dangerous okay I'm gonna get to issuing parking tickets in a second but obviously there's
like an order of you know you got to deal with like the real crimes first pat down I'm going to
proceed with the frisk I don't trust this haircut one bit okay I couldn't find anything suspicious
because you know she's got stuff uh you're drawing you you're on drugs I think you're on heroin
okay she's resisting she's resisting stop what do you think you're doing man stop you need to look
more worried look more worried on the count of ten look more she's moving what she literally walked
away from that okay what did I like what did I do wrong that's ridiculous you literally can't do anything
as a cop anymore like your hands are literally tied behind your back like she literally by me tying
her hands behind her back with handcuffs they literally tied my hands behind my back like I
couldn't shoot her just because she was in handcuffs you saw the way she was looking it was exceedingly
threatening and dangerous look at my look at this guy this guy literally he's out there all alone
in a city that is out to get him just because he actually supports this flag by wearing it
insane this game is very realistic and that this is exactly what I imagined being a cop is like and it
turns out I was correct a lot of calls complaining about parking over the past few days okay keep your
eyes open absolutely she's got a gun that guy had a gun he was holding it right up to his head
I get nine I am now I'm supposed to start over they immediately that guy immediately attacked
god damn it thank you for the five dollars donated a danoon mutual aid I'm assuming that's a police
station yes just to find five money but man I probably shouldn't say this but I mean you're done in your
badge marriage breaking down my neck about this really after everything I've done for this city
you're gonna take two of the coolest things I carry around
concerning the parking situation over the last few days we'll keep your eyes open officer of course
I'm looking around who's parked who's parked freeze freeze
shit he was driving away it's a little to free okay all right all right all right all right all right
this game is bullshit it's not letting me be an actual cop so we're gonna have to try to
play by its rules we will issue a parking ticket says fucking ridiculous yeah fine start the shift
I shot at his car like since when is it illegal to shoot at a car like this how else are you gonna
stop it we've been getting a lot of calls concerning the parking situation over the last few days
will you keep your eyes open officer yeah I'm literally ascertaining the situation
everyone frees I'm crossing the street freeze freeze freeze okay freeze park
freeze and park oh man that guy didn't even stop but apparently I can't shoot him
freeze why aren't you parked this is a violation of not being parked
are you parked uh I have hand gestures okay I don't care about reading I'm a cop
trying to work here sir sir sir I can't believe it is have to let him go away like get away
that's so ridiculous valid not today that's what I think you're saying it's valid issued
how legal is this oh what god damn it just like the real cops still ignoring the epstein files
well they could have been in that car but it literally it's police brutality shoot a car now
I was issuing a punishment for him being parked that's what a parking ticket is
it's apparently it's it's literally illegal to do your job in this game okay this is the last try
and then I gotta go because like I can't watch it's so sad what this country is done to our boys
in blue like they can't even they're they can't do anything anymore okay I got him officer he's
glitching officer he's glitching he's on the run please don't shoot me okay stay there please
stay there you're in a police station do you need to behave yourself all right
let me use this toilet hey let me use your toilet let me use your toilet I can't even use this guy's
toilet sucks ass okay it was a test it was a test and they failed but I'll just issue them a verbal
warning for today yes I'm trying understood vault over this use your athleticism vault over it
okay I'm gonna go around illegal freeze miss is that a regulation dress police stop
stop immediately okay go about your day you stopped on time no I got hit by a car
god damn it no they don't even care I don't even care in this city valid everybody's parking is so
valid ridiculous freeze it's too far away he's on a range thank you for stopping thank you for stopping
there's still some good in this world freeze okay you get it you pass valid valid and valid
oh this guy's doing something fucked up hey hey you you have an illegal arrow above your head
that's it you're a fucking allowing to go pat down search in case you're carrying anything illegal
oh you see what he just did with his arms oh interesting um does he have a
can I find out if he I mean I respect him having a gun I need to see your gun ID here you go officer
is it a ag wire pass call he's a donor maybe he's donating his gun
that's pretty that's honestly pretty moral of him um what can I
I already searched him all right he's fine you have a nice day okay he's a lot of a gun
he's a lot of a gun I respect that I respect any guy with a gun freeze stop put your hands up
do you have a gun because if you don't why not this is a dangerous city
interesting that you wouldn't have a gun in the city a little suspicious
she had a handgun or do I have a handgun okay you had a gun that have a great day
she had a gun too so she's good to go okay freeze do not even think of running me over sir
you better not even think about running me over sir that's it you thinking about it
okay he wasn't thinking about anything stop the cock stop good okay is this your val park karmis
curious you look a lot like the last lady I felt up that's it she's got a she's got a cell phone
do you understand she has a cell phone target neutralized another cell phone off the streets
and now you bravely run away from the neutralized target for anyone can complain about you doing
your job literally everyone in the city parks legally this is the stupidest shit ever like why even
tell me to do this if okay is this guy is this guy allowed to be here I don't see any I don't see a
meter literally says no parking can I shoot this car uh how do I issue I need to give
give him a ticket immediately yx oh one second okay this guy's literally parked illegally I didn't
check on my mom I had to throw some more slime drums in the toilet um okay well this is insane I
literally can't issue a ticket actions uh how do I do that I'm hitting every button uh-huh entity
history is that the license plate oh it is a license plate is it Friday between
says like ticket t aiming of stun gun oh really really look at how much or how many write-ups I've
gotten what because I aimed my gun at a few people I'd only shot at once that's it I'm fucking I'm
done with this city take that sorry sorry not sorry justice was served in my own way I'd say that car
got a pretty big ticket a ticket to bullet town okay I'm gonna send it back to case so that he can leave
I'm too upset for my from the way this country treats its police officers and the way that this
that game treated me matching three things together two equally equally problematic things going on
in the world today when you think about that while we send it back to whatever the hell else is going on
in the stream whatever bye bye not sure who that is but there we go I just scoot over sorry
I can hear the sounds of the city outside today oh my gosh let me out let me quit
won't even let me quit this police game look at this haircut guys looking good damn you know we'll never know
how that game is actually played but who's not gonna play that game and immediately start shooting
pedestrians don't temp us with the new temp just with a new correspondent it is tempting
but I guess not today there's no time I mean there's no time
I think we know time sorry there's no time what's going on with you just over here hanging out
well who's on I don't know what is on all right never mind okay let's see looks like who are all these
people uh you know we haven't rated it still do in a while and he's still doing it with the last of us
so if you want to see some uh I'm assuming at this point extremely expert last of us gameplay
speed runs who knows where he is in the speedrunning charts but I bet he's doing pretty good
stick around for some still do thanks for hanging out thanks to Kevin
for tolerating Brandon's behavior and for spending three days making a game by himself I guess
solo coding whatever that whatever that tile game is honestly to me seems about as good as some
mobile games that have made about eight billion dollars so he's probably onto something he made that
game for cryptos Zeus and that's how he acted I gotta talk to Brandon about his behavior he is he is too
rude what a rude dude I like a rude dude I don't think you're nasty I like to be I like to barf
I love to barf for I'm not supposed to that's so rude but you know yeah I don't even care I will barf
wow little man boy I might even take a crap you're gonna crap and barf yep they used to it
I've been crapping and barfing while you were still in diapers and I was barfing in those diapers
and crapping that's nuts all right good to see you on the stream have a beautiful Wednesday
won't be on a marble I'll be on Friday bye bye I literally just barfed that's not good that's bad
for you I don't even care too busy taking a crap