uh check check can you hear me now am i being unsilenced yeah nice boy my uh obs audio lately has been
fighting me like its name is adam sansler but today we're gonna take out or not depending on how
far away i am from that character i am dude that's a good point it literally does have bs in the
name card king silence has ended yeah did you guys hear music before the stream you
should have because it was super loud and x and uh okay good well that's a good sign at least
i'm not sure what's going on but at least you can hear me now you can hear me now
anyway back at the cia today ready to instruct leon in the ways of kicking and defeating
bug kings and cult leaders leon um leon you're standing by right are you feeling
well excuse me you're feeling up to the task today i never don't feel up to the task
someone say i'm more up to the task than ever
i'm fucking good to go man it's just something you gotta something to know what the hell what are
you doing back there stop it i'm on the island and i'm ready to go do what i would do do kicks and
stuff uh today expecting to have another day in my long life i live i i plan to live
you know i'm probably gonna be doing this till i'm a hundred and i don't plan to go down
anytime soon that's uh i like that confidence absolutely with these kicks there's no reason
to believe that any amount of bullets could ever beat me i feel great leon you have lost plagues
is that what that roiling is in my stomach that could be it have you eaten anything weird
just various rotten meats that i found around here there's a lot of rotten meat on this island
i don't know why that's what they eat but it seems to be seems to be what they eat they seem
to eat rotten meat should i investigate by eating more that's an option that's how he's an option
uh okay well let's uh i guess let's get into it you will get into nothing come back to the castle
we're done with the castle but it's the best part of this whole place it might be the best
part but we're done you come on i'll invite you over we have snacks is the snacks bugs the snacks is
bugs then i think we're gonna pass oh you're missing out but i would have also killed you so yeah
that's crafty i mean you would have tried what would you succeed only only a few times probably
what do you mean you would have no don't even worry about it okay well let's do this my thoughts
exactly bugs is science kind of i'm not sure where we came down on that uh to me the right thank you
so much for the sub yes yes yes actually should add one more this second bugs is science a debate has
been demanded i guess i could have um i guess i could debate crumb i guess i could grab munch to
debate something i guess i could quickly allow grant munch access to the cia to debate something
while we play what is the debate you would like so oh next time you're in the studio okay
will do i should be doing the news news stream tomorrow i think i might alternate what i'm
streaming until i finally beat this game which hopefully we'll only take a couple oh sorry merchant
leon take it easy got some rare things on sale stranger i believe them uh tuning up all of our bands
that's done your weapons are in good hands mate i'll say right we don't even need this small key
we don't need any of these velvet blues a deal well struck oh yeah maximum power
leon's coat is probably getting a little heavy if i had to guess
what the hell don't cut to me sorry leon the coat is getting exceedingly heavy i will admit that
but you know this is what we train for we also train for putting jewels into treasures
and i've been training i've been flexing that particular muscle a lot so let's put some jammies
and we recently oh fuck i don't have enough matching colors this is a disaster
uh blue yeah blue it's fun you get to play with the colors i like that you okay you and then
we'll just pretend that this is right a little green guy right in the middle and i think that's
a fun color palette and i expect to make some good money off of that i i studied jewel
color theory a lot so i feel pretty confident welcome yeah i got a something pretty good i can i
smoke i guess i can sell this smoking she makes no difference but he's buying he's buying that for
the price of 3000 monies brownstone goes in the round hole the kind of thing a lot of people
don't get yeah i'll see you right so these two use the same ammo i honestly should put one of these
away so in them i'll just start upgrading this guy well actually wait can i oh this is locked
oh i have more shit to upgrade on this rate of fire let's make it pop off work is about
finesse straight yes little bit goes a long way yes you see yeah now we're nice and
go selects come back and that's how you do business you really spent that with authority
leon dam also there's a hype train happening i am hyped okay leon's hyped confirmed they're also
where do i store stuff where do i store things oh my god chickens
merchant do you do you have a convenient storage thing do i store things with the merchant
got some rare things on sales strange can i not store things should i just you know
should i just sell my gun that i'm not going to use valuables won't yes i put minimum yeah
i don't really want to sell a gun brother's store again next time but it also is this
has taken up so much space and i'm really not using it so i'm torn
send to storage that's not a thing
i could have sworn there were there a menu option to store or send welcome i
used to be boxes but i might be thinking old resident evil here sell tuna did it
oh like in the regular menu okay oh send a storage you're a genius i'm not my brother
that's the kind of intelligence that can only come from not my brother oh yeah now we can craft
hot shotgun shells we're freaking rich okay can't there and any other dumb stuff oh i should
send this to storage oopsie send this to oh i can't hmm do i even need those probably not
what i'm gonna for that either okay i have i have just one fish sell that fish
what's the price on fish lately merchant 800 don't mind if i do
sell these bowls too our rich in space you're so smart
all right now we just need to find some pirates are there pirates in here
there's a chicken but i've learned that it's best not to kill these little guys
there's sort of your pals it turns out i thought they were enemies but it turns out they're buddies
stinks like shit and you're just sorry leon but do probably have a gun ready because you know
there's lots of people that want to murder you around today maybe i'll try to make friends
that's in the cia handbook too sometimes trick locals into being your friend so i'll try
hmm i don't have that i guess i'll go up these stairs now you're thinking buddy pirates are
downloading cars they're downloading cars they're downloading iPhones and you wouldn't download
a blank so we have to stop them i wish i had wait what's this oh that's where i can't go
that's the holding cell we're headed towards dissection i'm sure nothing terrible will be in
there hey that's also locked yeah this is i think the matrix um revel rumor hearing some noises for
sure it's wabbit hunting season and the wabbits is bugs what the fuck this thing isn't even on
this place is twisted man hello this door is unopenable look how bolted it is that's insane
these might not even be doors i honestly can't tell hello hello i'm on a mission of friendship
anybody want to be bells please it's been lonely in this wet ass building i'd need a friend i'm not
scared i'm not scared because there's weird mouthy noises happening you're scared okay this seems
to be a note your keycard application has been approved oh good please bring the key to level one
dissection nice i think we're close overwrite card for level two clearance using the machine
located in the freezer that sounds annoying this is all annoying overwrite card level three
using the machine located in the incubation oh my god why are there so much work just give me
a card that works this sucks case this fucking sucks i don't know man you just gotta do it
your map's been updated there's nothing to complain about look the lights are on everything's
extra chill now oh boy look there's even a free drill on the table drill's not a weapon drill's a tool
i can't be using tools as weapons that's just irresponsible certainly sounds like there's a monster
you're being overly cautious there's probably no monster like look at this what what's the worst
that could happen in that room wait a minute where the fuck oh this is on them okay
oh my god it's a puzzle lights make everything friendly yeah i feel very at ease now
oh shit i don't get how this works is it like tetris
oh okay i gotta run power from what the what what okay i hate this
wait i'm so close seemingly oh shit i fucked it up two out of two
it says two out of two at the top did i just do it it looks like i did it totally wrong
but maybe i did it totally right uh okay all right i guess i didn't do it right
insufficient power count okay i'm still fucking it up story wise they're fine i just wish they
were in effects oh you're talking about a movie i can't watch those out here because
i'm mostly surrounded by you know wet zombie bug men oh i just hit buttons until it worked
that's what you gotta do sometimes okay we're fine yeah where is that noise
this guy does not look great is he alive he's in a position that makes me feel like he's gonna
you got you want somebody what kind of experiment is this sorry you guys are on a delay from the
other feed who notes i've created a new life the regenerate radar some interesting spelling
coming out here that's some next level spelling uh oh yeah i have i have instagram chat too i probably
missed it but jordan freaking wilson doing great metabolic capacity is incredible unless the
parasites residing within the organism are destroyed the tissue can regenerate immediately
well who needs to know that upon examining the body with a biosensor scope i was able to confirm
that the parasites behave like vital organs for the host almost as though it has multiple hearts
this new creation of mine is essentially immortal surely even dr frankenstein himself
would want to shake my hand in admiration and it's always good when you get the frankenstein
nod i shared the new photos of my achievement with that pretentious bastard colleague of mine
his face went white then he started scribbling something in his notebook i thought he'd be
impressed but instead he actually had the nerve to warn me about the so-called dangers what a
fucking killjoy i get a man he's a fool i have everything under control the subject went wild
and escaped from his cryogenic take cryogenic take i was the real fool well his only mistake
was having regrets whoever that researcher was yeah instagram i can't do through restreaming
yet i have to either figure it out or something um oh the keycard
uh-oh that makes some new noises oh hello the fuck are you ousers that didn't feel great okay we
just need a little distance we need some thinky space and then we do the important work of
shooting this thing oh my gosh it's kind of moving holy hell it was faster than i expected
what's its deal well man all right i'm wasting ammo oh not great not great not my favorite
leon get it together man i don't really know where you're supposed to go i'll level with you
um oh yeah you have you can go to the
the freezer now you can go to the freezer now so you gotta wait where are you currently
i'm confused is this word no that's not where he is where is where am i oh i'm here okay so
run for go to the left all right now i'm cdc how i'm helping you leon i'm just confused
his shit man i don't get where i'm supposed to go what the hell he's back on his fucking feet
this guy is a real problem not a come on oh got a little bitey there oh let me run past come all
right this way is easy to go it's real dark that's fine and we just do a little runny baby
and we hit the button please work i am getting slightly chased by a monster gotta switch the
power over son of a bitch that doesn't really work but it's the best i got i have to switch
the power over what is that even fucking um what's this what's this over here power control lever um
so i turn around i go this way and run up these stairs that are right here wait this
doesn't have power either the hell am i supposed to do oh i forgot to do diplomacy you're right
right excuse me i just want to be your pal pal not shoot each other slightly
i really don't know where i'm supposed to go where's the power switch over which one of you
is a power switch over over right terminal okay power control lever
uh level two block yeah i got that merchant who i miss right now i'm missing the merchant for sure
it feels like it's back here and that shit's locked maybe i have to run forward take a right
come down this way okay i think i get it i think i went the wrong way i might be getting a little
bit chased this thing is surprisingly nimble and i i do hate that i hate how nimble it is
all right oh that's i might be getting slightly bit right now
nope i'm fine okay what did that do did that open up that they were not kidding about this guy
being annoyingly immortal okay now power please thank you it's just that easy okay probably nothing
in here right i'm gonna just hope that guy doesn't know how to use fancy doors because that would
be a problem you everybody saw me try to negotiate no one can deny that i attempted diplomacy followed
every rule in the handbook i said do you want to be pals then i shot a gun that's great work leon
i'm a little worried if we open anything oh we should have learned spanish
gunpowder i just want an infrared sensor which something is telling me there might be somewhere
all right leon probably when you open that it will result
in a in a monster coming out but just do it anyway oh man okay i i never really took the
time to actually understand what the deal with this puzzle is oh it starts over why does it end
there okay we're getting it we're doing it we're loving it that fucked everything up three out of
five four out of five what's even missing oh i did it no i didn't do it
why does that make such a satisfying noise if i didn't do it damn it i'm too stupid for this
i mean sorry this puzzle is too stupid it's the puzzle's fault seems like that's the only way to go
there and that feels like yeah that's five out of five what more do they want for me
oh okay i get it now i got i'm smart all right surely i'll be rewarded with um not getting
killed all right that's one of my favorite drugs grind it up it's good with anything
it's your deal le five well fuck they didn't give me anything to stop this guy
your deal all right sure overwrite my bit overwrite my key card yeah it all worked out leon
okay that's unfortunate i hate it that that happened to you
um okay now where key card two so he's got to take a right oh i have to switch over the power though
huh it's unfortunate now there's two of these guys and i don't know where the first one even is
now we just have to take a left and a left
oh that's where the other one was well that's why they give us these tasty tasty herbs leon
oh leon like oh yeah that's what i'm talking about that's some classic herb
yeah see that's we live to fight another day via the power of drug
uh take a left what the hell why am i so easily confused
shit but i have to take the key card out what happened where the key card go
i think you have to go back and pick it up that's unfortunate dude these things are really annoying
that's a good kick that's a good punch leon leon's been working on his punching
okay i guess we left it there as a wise man once said you know make it left what the fuck
all right i don't get what i'm supposed to do where's the key card over right terminal freezer
oh do i have to go all the way to here this shit is so confusing
lose more shotgun shells this way merchant can you deal with this for me
any chance you want to deal with this do you think i'm smelly because that's just rude
still feel like i'm going the wrong way power control lever
key card lock if you call the front desk usually there's a new key card i do need a new key card
unless i'm like locked out unless it's literally still in here and i'm just locked out now in
which case i don't know what i'm supposed to do i'm over right terminal i don't really get where
that is down here embossment oh maybe i'm not being chased anymore that'd be nice okay is this it
there's no over right terminal here oh my god i hate this i think going backwards is probably
probably not the answer but maybe it is okay it turns out it was not the answer
unsurprisingly even though it looks like it's literally right here damn
sometimes life's not fair dude do your job man tell me where to go
i'm gonna wander in through kitchens here this sucks cannot overemphasize how weird it smells in here
not just like rotten stuff just sometimes you're like that chestnut why is that why is that a
smell in here it's confusing it's confusing to the nostrils i don't even know what area i'm in
merchant can you kill the monster i don't have time to come take a look is the smell your ass maybe
cases everybody's always fucking insulting the smell of my ass pissing me right off it looks
like i fucked up and i left this in the freezer but when i go back to that room i can't go in it
maybe i have to go here and switch the power again part of me just wants to start over
because i've used up so many goodies fighting these fuckers he hasn't noticed me okay he noticed me
all right fine is that for the freezer now ow they're hunting in packs they're like rafters now
oh there we go oh fuck you all right that's unfortunate but will they come in here have
they figured out how to use automatic doors they have that's too bad that's another w for them
all right now we have to go switch the power again i think and now we're figuring it out
that guy was just chilling all right this time i bet that they'll leave me alone in here
come on let me in what the frick how many times do i have to swipe this guy let me in
what the fuck what is happening here oh it doesn't have pop what the hell i switched the power off
dude i am out of juice this isn't this is a mess and i do blame case
amen it's not my fault that this power system is a little archaic i mean how come only
half the place gets power at any given time that's that's odd okay they don't care about that one
work this time there we go all right i think they're not following you oh they were following me
that was a total lie they were following the hell out of me and there's more guys
there's bigger problems than you guys a suplex will make me feel better
yeah just suplex your cares away man oh come on oh jeez there's stuff in here
ow dude today is not my day yes leon eat eat all of these goodies
oh don't craft yeah all right where's the other one oh it died okay for some reason
my floppy friends didn't follow me down here maybe they hate stairs
which i get stairs are annoying as hell are there still two sides two sizes of green grenades
i don't know i'm seeing just one size one size kills all yeah buddy that's a real good one leon
hmm they didn't follow them i think they do hate democracy all right we may have used
way too much ammo but it's fine we can just kick people uh-oh there's another one
all right is there a key card over right in here there sure is hey conveniently placed
oh a camera that's exciting make a little movie in here
make a little action flick turn it on so i can jump kick these guys america
during recent powder outage test subject awoke and phrygian ecstasis broke out of its holding
tank and escaped they're not very responsible around here the subject was contained after 20 hours
leaving seven dead and 19 wounded i've done more than that so i guess i'm better than this memo we
were unable to recover one of the bodies and a tool from inside it because of this unfortunate
incident is the unstable power supply the outdated generous tell me about it see it's not well it's
case is fault but it's not my fault the outdated generous cannot keep up with our
demanding schedule management must prioritize the needs of the engineers over the researchers
to prevent something like this from ever happening again well that's what an engineer would say
who's side are you on leon i'm on the side of attaching this shit to my yeah uh stingray
is this the stingray that's the stingray check this shit get ready for this
oh now leon can see into the next dimension security from a little not supposed to get this open
what do you need what what why can't i just do it what the hell does he need now
over right terminal did anybody hear what leon just mumbled what did you say
i can't remember every little thing i say i said i'm gonna need to get this open
yeah i need like wire cutters or some shit wire cutters all right well i don't know where there's
are he needs a wrench well apparently needed to break that oh i did that with my bear arm
they're like bear arms you know what i'm saying i'm that strong to me playing it a
paint a glass it's like a welcome mat for my elbow kia all right well let's find me a wrench please
all right it's in nope that's rifle i'm okay
it's gonna have that wait what do we do have it oh but it won't work right
yeah yeah yeah where the fuck is a wrench all right leon it's time for revenge
oh baby these guys thought they were so cool and invincible but now i can see
orange colors you've unlocked the power to see orange and now what are they gonna do
did you did you see that please tell me everybody saw that because i did that me
watch this shit oops i missed but okay two out of three and it's just that he's
oh you thought you were so cool look at that floppy butt not like mine that's the difference
between him and me is i got a nice ass that's the difference we actually don't have that much
ammo for this all right i need a fucking wrench i don't know where a wrench is that's true they do
do a ton of walking card king they really should have some definition in there oh well there's one
leon i don't like the look of that that one's not for me leon it's so right there i also i
don't even know if i need a wrench i just know i need some item apparently oh
oh okay well that makes that easier that's close now i really have no idea what i'm supposed to be
looking for all i know is leon mumbled some shit about needing a thing in here all right that's nice
i'm glad i came back now okay extra glad he came back now i didn't need it turns out i didn't
need a wrench i needed some fucking jewels through the power of elbow yeah
basically yeah this is a mumblecore resident evil game i'm not looking forward to that
thing getting up it does okay hmm well i guess there was no point to coming back here
oh check in with a rifle oh good call
oh well now you got an extra spooky look at it extra spooky this is the same camera they filmed
um the harkonnen section of dune with that's some next level tech to ooon that's that's
what's going on in my head the whole time i'm playing resident evil game it's just omfg a zombie
all right where the fuck i'm just gonna hit f until we figure this out
me too i'm just in the back of my head i'm like that that that that that that that
oh and i found something and it was rifle ammo and that's why we're thorough we double check we
triple check we leon check and we examine leon doesn't want to break any of that glass
this is powerful arms all right maybe all along this was just a
is this just an infrared thing maybe it's got to shoot these guys while they're still in the cage
hey you oops no leon there you go all right we're planning ahead now oh well what the hell that
thing ate a wrench these guys what the thing just ate a wrench hole did you guys check the x-ray
there his stomach was 90% rich i mean why was that thing there these things don't seem to eat that way
so i guess those floppy butts are doing more than flopping generators into butt stuff i guess
is canon that seems like a really impractical way secure anything so these would make good storage
yeah that's that's why the government what the hell man oh and there's a classic kick
oh my god there's so many guys in this seems like oh there are two sizes of grenades you
guys are totally right we'll use a little baby grenade for this oh shit more of these guys
oh no that's a my bad that's an oopsie daisy from leon kennedy clone who knew that there
were more sloppy boys showing up launching leon kennedy clone into active field duty
warning launching leon kennedy clone into active field duty warning launching leon kennedy clone
into active field duty it's just a little neck nipple i think the leon i think the next leon
should be in tip top shape and ready to go um leon 2.0 how you feeling
All right this time though we're gonna be ready for him even if our Leon's brain is
still forming just a little bit. The kick synapse of his brain is fully formed. I mean
look at these instincts. What the hell how did I miss this stuff? A giant gold bar? Well
now I'm relieved that Leon died. Oh okay there's little hidden roomies around here.
Damn I was not exploring in detail before. So does that mean this thing's still
closed? Oh this is open. Yeah he's just a little baby Leon currently. I have to
switch the power again. Great. Do I have a save after? Okay we got an F8 spray.
We're loaded up. I like it. I like the spray. Feel good spray. Make me good boy. He's
getting full words out now. Pretty soon he'll be yawing his way through
this place. Wait why am I confused again? Okay all right. Oh and we forgot
something over here. Last time. I guess we already got it this time. Oh
there. Yeah yeah yeah. That's what we like. Oh my god a flash grenade. Craft me
some more of this stuff. Boom. And do a good old combine. Now take it. Yeah what's
auto sort? Oh just alt. So much cleaner. Okay okay. Oh do we even get oh no we
gotta get the wrench though. All right Leon. I know your brain is just formed but
let's see how you're doing.
A bad orange shooty. Take a ball. A bad orange shooty. Snack a ball. Boom ball. Up. Blah blah
boopah. And big time blasty. Oh yeah. Little red guy. What the heck. And we fucking got
him. You see that shit? That was like it was nothing. A little violence always wakes
these Leon's up. He's good to go now. My god they're still popping. Big slimes popping.
Double checking. I can't remember what we picked up and what we didn't. Great.
Great. Right this time we're gonna be ready for him. There is so much room for
activities. Exciting. Oh they don't show up yet. But now they show up. You guys
stay back there please. But how long is the fuse on that thing? There we go.
Oh that's what woke them up. That's exciting to know. Oh there we go. That's
what I was going for. All right check this out. This is an easy GG.
Yeah Leon you're awake. You're doing great. Now we just do this. What the hell?
He survived that no problem. All right. Oh my god he's crawling. Oh I thought
he had a shot there. I thought I was finally gonna make a friend. He's gonna be
like you know what I respect you. You shot my leg off so good. Let's be boys.
Then I'd have somebody to chill with while I'm walking through this place.
I don't like the way this thing's looking at me. Some could argue this is a waste of
ammo but I would argue fuck this thing. Uh oh. Uh oh.
Oh I might have goofed just a tiny tatty bit.
All right that's you can't blame me for that. That's crazy.
That's crazy. Hmm can this hook up to anything else?
The le5. What does that even mean? That's my le5. Oh that's fun.
That's kind of fun. Well it didn't though. The problem is that it didn't.
Why isn't it on there? Why would it even say that that works?
Do I have to hit alt or something? What's going on? Oh no.
Maybe I can just blow him up. Hey look at this. That didn't work.
Oh my gosh. I regret everything. This. I don't get why this doesn't.
How do you get this to work? Le5. Oh it's because I don't have that
equipped. I'm an idiot. Quit. There we go. Now we're talking.
There's a wanna. Oh we got him. Okay now I get it.
Now we get it. This gun seems. I just got squirted on. God damn.
Gotta watch out for those monster squirts dude. All right.
Could have gone slightly better. Could have gone a little better.
But you know we just push bravely onward. All right first of all
let's make this. This. All right I like that. Oh yeah I have to grab the
fucking key. Aware of dookies. We're doing this.
I think I did pretty good. Look I got bit a few times.
I missed a little bit. But they're slimy boys. They're
slapping all around. You can't just hit them right off the
bat. My guess isn't that that's the worst
stuff we're gonna run into and now we're good to go.
Yeah I see no reason not to think that. I dislike floppy butts. No offense I
know some people have floppy butts. But I think it's your duty as a
person to do enough kicks to make that butt wildly tight.
You know like a piece of rubber that's about to
snap. You know it's just so tight. Like Mr. Fantastic just drawn out to his
absolute limit. Tight. This is tight. The alien's
very poody thing and his approach to butts.
Yeah bounce a quarter off that ass into space maybe.
I want someone to just flick a quarter at my ass and I launch it to the moon.
That's the level of tight ass I'm talking and that is the level of
tight my asses. He's confident. Wait a minute is this like a connected back
area kind of deal? Oh the merchant's over there.
That's exciting. It's time to unlock an Ashley.
I don't know if I want him to though it's so nice not having to escort
someone. Come on man it's just sort of my
girlfriend. Make it easy. Oh my god he's getting it.
That would be ideal Huey Keeler. Oh wow he just gave her a shot of
ozempic stem cells straight into the blood
to prevent this varicose vein aging process. He's not looking good either.
I gotta stop cloning lians that also have the bugs in them.
I'll make a note of that for the CIA for next time. But they shouldn't
include all of the diseases when they make the clone.
All right well I think Leon's all right. I don't really feel all right.
I feel pretty bad. I can feel bugs in me. Just don't worry about it.
Just walk it off. Oh yeah just walk it off. Thanks coach.
That's what I'm here for. All right boom and we keep it going.
Yeah he'll be fine. So I'm late. Dammit he's only a couple months late.
We brought the medicine just in time. Oh good.
Where's Louise? See that's why you never need to be in a rush.
Please wait about you. Until the end. Not her best friend Louise.
Come on. We don't have much time. Let's get rid of these things.
For Louise. Is Leon on drugs? Absolutely.
The best drugs. International connections can buy.
There's a lab where we can remove the parasites.
I've had a crazy hunch that you know where it is.
Their most important facilities are housed in their sanctuary at the top of the
mountain. That's where I'd look. You did the encyclopedia.
Oh my god crystal ore. Leon's got really good wi-fi
everywhere. Now you owe me. Damn. It kind of feels like it's
been um this is gonna sound crazy. It kind of
feels like it's been months. It sort of feels like it's been
several months since I've seen you. I guess that's part of the Plagas effect.
Yeah I don't even think about that Ashley. That's part of the Plagas effect.
100%. All who are infected with the Plaga will be
be at the mercy of Lord Saddler.
Saddler? If he commands uh if he commands it they will work themselves
to death with a smile on their face. Adversely the hosts become so simple
minded that they're basically useless for any complex task.
However we succeeded in developing the new superior species of Plaga. It has no
special variability and the host cognitive functions are not diminished.
Well that's unfortunate for the host. It seems like they plan to administer this
new species to the girl. It's clearly important that she maintains her
intelligence after infection. All tests were successful and plans for
mass production are moving forward. The project is complete success.
We did it but I've been imprisoned. Shoot I hate it when you finish your
research and they immediately throw you in jail
into Spanish Transylvanian jail. And preparations to inject me with this
superior species are underway in the next room. Oh no I think that
might have been our little dead boy. Annabelle is not herself anymore. The
smile was spun away completely from her face. Writing is the only thing that
keeps me sane now. Not that anyone will ever read this
and that's where he's wrong. We love to read here. Reading is so important.
I don't know I don't agree but um it's nice to have hobbies.
I do think reading is for the weak the strong for the strong we read with
our feet and we read the air as we kick our feet through it.
That's one way to look at it Leon. Okay I think we got everything even though we
probably missed a lot of stuff. You got it?
Pam she's back at it. I need you to open it from the other side.
Yeah who the hell is Annabelle? Are we gonna run into uh like the girl from
the first game that they added who's got all the all her parents skin all
over? Did they add a fun new sad character
for us to be like oh no she got tortured. Oh we gotta make more stuff
but we can't oh we can yeah oh there we go
there we go okay cargo depot. Ooh this is exciting.
We're back on our blue medallion hunt and that is what we like to see.
Oh my god that's a pirate door. That's a thousand percent a door to pirates.
Pirate door what are you welcome. Got some rare things on sales stranger.
Leon I can feel the bugs boring through me. You're not going to spend
hours shooting pirates are you? That's up to Leon.
We don't judge Leon. We let Leon do Leon. What can I do you for?
Oh we don't need this wrench anymore. That's exciting.
We don't need this level three key card. I can certainly do something.
Thank you. Game come back anytime. See a lesser CIA agent would not take the
elevator down and immediately start shooting pirates.
But Leon he's not about that life he's about that pirate
elimination life. These goddamn pirates there's no limit to their
depravity. Even in a poor depri village like this
they just come to take everything. Let's see what we get here.
Oh never mind need more of those. All right might not look like there's
pirates but I I know there are. Oh my god there's
quite a few of these. Oh wait no there's just a new one
okay um yeah I'm thinking it's time. Oh boy back
on our pirate grind. I missed. Okay I was a miss.
A lot of misses happen in here. The shooting them in the head do
anything. I can't remember it now. Okay oh my god what the hell
wait we can just restart right. Hell well whatever.
We're gonna it'll probably take more than one to do this.
These pirates are crafty. The bullets sometimes just pass right through them.
Wow okay look at this pirate. What the fuck oh I see so you just
want oh my god. All right well I see what I see what
needs to happen. I'm I'm seeing it in my mind's eye.
That was look I got an A and that was literally a practice run.
Literally I wasn't even trying. Oh my gosh.
No I kind of goofed that one. I think I missed one.
I think I goofed that one. All right I shot a sailor.
It's fucked up that these guys are hanging out with pirates though.
Like that's a little bit on them. Oh shit okay this is shit.
An A. Oh I have a riot gun too. I didn't even I did not even realize
that. And now that I know that there's no
telling how incredibly well I'm doing. Oh thank you. Yes it was awesome.
That's correct Ashley. That's correct. No. All right we got to restart.
That is absolutely I create anything below S plus is 1000% failure.
I don't really get what I'm supposed to do here. Oh I have limited shotgun.
All right oh my gosh. Oh okay I didn't go fast enough though.
I was being slow. I'm being slow but like the I'm doing um
Bruce Lee stuff and like the waves I will crash down.
I move slow and then I move fast. You get it. I am an artist.
Take it easy Leon. Okay we we just got to take those out.
We got to go fast. Oh my gosh I'm remembering. I'm remembering the
brutality of this. You got to get yourself in Ashley.
All right is this better? Oh that was slow as shit.
All right. I wonder if the amount of shots you take even matters.
Fuck we fucked that up. Well we'll just do this to practice.
That's still way too slow. But we maybe did better.
Okay I gotta figure out how to go faster. Okay we're sonicking. We're doing a
sonic. That seems kind of slow. That was so much faster but not fast
enough. I bet I have to do it in 40.
Ashley it's not nice. It's failure. That's probably slow.
Damn. Oops. Was that 40? 46? I went way slower.
Ashley. Look there's support and then there's toxic positivity Ashley.
Okay she's being toxically positive because I know I'm not doing this
well. I'm mad enough to admit when it's not going well.
That seemed fast. That seemed a lot faster. Yeah not here.
Oopsie. Damn it. What is the secret? What is the secret of the
ooze? Okay probably too slow. Oh my gosh.
I'm just kidding. So fast we can do this. Oh fuck that up.
Well we'll finish it anyway. Damn. Maybe it's you do the shotgun for the dogs?
Oh wait that's remaining time. So I need to get the remaining time probably to like
50. That seems so slow. Shotgun at the end. Yeah I'm
going to try that this time. That was bad. That was also bad.
It's just it takes a second to switch the shotgun is the thing.
46. I don't know what's faster with our doggy friends.
It feels slow too. All right. Oh that was faster.
45 46. How fast do I have to do this shit? All right. All right. All right.
That's way too slow. Wait.
I'm not. Don't be mean merchant. Okay that was a little faster.
No. No. Oh my gosh. Just when you think you're doing good.
Fuck that up. Okay so switch the shotgun for the last part of the first round
and then just don't suck in the second part. I forgot.
Oh that was slow. Damn it. Oh we're so much slower.
We're gonna be here all night. That's honestly seems just the same speed.
No. Oh my god. Fuck it up. Yeah why is Leon failing?
Maybe I just love the process guys. Maybe I love the process.
You have to learn to love the process too. I immediately failed
because that's part of the process. Listen killing pirates is a meditative
action. All about finding your inner peace.
That's and that's and that's too slow. The fact of the matter is we all
know that's too slow. All right. All right. All right.
I got it as soon as I as soon as I take out that one I gotta whip the shotgun out.
Why do I feel like A is a failure? It has nothing to do with my grandpa's
cigarette smell. That was an absolute failure.
And I may as well just quit. May as well quit.
I'll do a hole and then my grandpa can piss on that hole and say
it's not good enough. It's not good enough Leon.
He'll never be on the high seas like me. I'm a pirate. Oh my god.
And it almost was good. It almost felt good.
But instead it was bad. Oh fine. Oh my god.
Crash. And then maybe this is another shotgun moment.
And this is a doggy moment. Oh shit. I did it.
Oh my god. This is a lot visually. I'm so confused by what I'm even looking at.
I gotta back up. This is overwhelming my senses.
All right. Well I didn't do good. I get that. But I did. I improved.
I improved to an S reading. And you know what S stands for without the plus?
Suck. It stands for suck. Suck. And then suck again.
Please. Please. Damn those doggies. I wasn't doing well enough
anymore. This isn't hard. This is a hard one.
That I just get it's hard to remember to hit two for me for some reason.
Maybe it's because I'm number one. Anyway I failed already.
Wow. Wow wow wow. No Ashley. Apparently I'm a fraud.
Apparently I'm a fraud Ashley. Take this knife and kill me.
Ashley take this knife and kill me. Please. Please. Good that was a test.
Okay okay okay. I just remembered to take the shotgun.
It seems to go way better. And I missed.
And there is no success now. Only this horrible taste of failure.
Oh and this pisses me right off. We'll practice our dog shooting at least.
That's the game. Okay that was good. We're doing better.
And we failed. Better? Okay. At least we're getting better at the speed part of it.
Oh shit. There were even more. Eight out of ten.
And yet we know it's not good enough. This time I'm starting to feel it. I'm
getting in the rhythm. I'm busting a groovial. I missed it.
We'll keep going for the sake of muscle memory. All right.
This shit is wild looking to me. My brain like cannot handle
all this stuff. Oh my gosh.
All right. Wow. Okay at least we're making it to the end to
beat it into our brains how that last part works.
Oh a busted groovestream. That is not a bad idea.
You gotta be able to uh rom that stuff. Wow. We're just practicing now.
This bullshit man. You're better than this. That felt better.
Feeling like little strong boys now. And I failed.
That's why I should never talk. That salar was looking at me weird.
Stranger. Feeling like a stranger to myself. I think that was good.
All right. I just need to not miss and I did.
As soon as the stains turns gay I can't look at it. No.
The colors are bright. It's just the lack of visual clarity I swear.
That was slow. Oh my gosh. And there's just no point.
There's no point when I forget to switch to my little shotgun.
I sort of goofed that. Ugh dogs you must die.
That this dog fucked me. It just takes one dog to fuck you.
I've said that for years. Every dog I see I'm like it just takes one.
Goofed that. All right. I missed one. I think this is way too slow now.
Oh wow wasn't. Fire one million. I think that won't do.
This is a barn burner. It's a new high score at least.
Have a great night mat. I'll still be here probably when you wake up.
Fighting the scourge of fire at this rate it seems it might never end.
All right. I almost failed miserably. Poggies did that. I think I missed one though.
Still not an S plus. But that seemed so good. Do I have to literally hit them all?
What is it? What's the guy got to do? I'm going to look up what an S plus
using my advanced CIA pirate defeating software.
How to get the best scores? What are the needed scores?
Did you shotgun in the bonus? There's only six shotgun shells so that would mean I would need
to not use it earlier which might be a thing. Weird I can't find.
A polygon saved me for myself. Yeah none of these will tell me what score I need to get.
Well I guess the answer is better. I need to get a better score.
You should be because it's crazy that that wasn't an S plus.
Oh wait. Oh that was. I got all the but there is no S plus.
So we did it. We did do it actually. You robbed me of my celebration.
I would have talked so much trash. So oh wait we didn't.
Every we need to get we need to get 3,500.
It's because it's every 15,000. Every plus 15,000. Wait does that just mean every plus 15,000?
What does that even mean? Every plus 15,000? I'm not sure what that means.
I guess that means we got to get 4,500 above an S ranking. That was bad.
That was also bad. No reason to continue. Oh shit I picked the wrong one.
What did that even happen? So we definitely got them on all the other ones.
Oh my god I forgot. So wait the shotgun though only has six shots. Seven shots.
So I can't reload it unfortunately. You just have to make sure you use your seven shots right.
Oh that's a failure even though it was going well. Even though it was going good. Oh my gosh.
How did they miss that? How did that not hit the little skull guy?
Oh my god I forget every time. I don't think I'm doing well enough but then again you never know.
It was good enough. We're good enough. I missed one of them so it doesn't matter.
Gosh all right. Well that end is kind of brutal. It's not perfect merchant.
You know this. Aggregate but whatever. Brutal. This is brutal everyone.
Leon take it out. Take it out. Don't crouch. Leon stand up.
Oh that's bad. Well we'll just practice. Wow that was a... Ashley jumpscare.
That was a bad one. Why do I always miss that one? I don't have a bitch.
All right I guess I can practice this at least. Wow how did I... what the fuck?
Triple kill even if one still stands. Yeah he does. He does say that.
Maybe you should strafe before those triple pirates with the shotgun.
Oh that's a good idea. I could also not use the shotgun there if I get better if I just
am better at the game. Failure. Wow still got bonus. Nice.
Superb. Okay so I'm yet to reach the same heights as that one run. It seems faster to use shotgun
there. Reload Leon. Do it. Well at least I'm hitting the bonus times more regularly.
Yeah I know Ashley. I'm aware it's a little better at the end. Slightly better.
The focus and the poise. It's only my focus and poise that matters.
Pace is just staring slack shot at my excellence and that's a fail. That's a failure.
This is just a disaster run so we're gonna just to pretend it's not happening.
We're gonna just... we're gonna hit the eject button. Why do they not go down sometimes?
Oh my gosh. I just I legitimately don't understand. How these pirates are so strong.
How could he do this to me? That's great. Ashley. Take this machine gun and riddle me with
bullets if you're gonna talk to me like that. Riddle me with bullets the next time I
don't succeed if you're a true friend. Got one guy. Hate to fall down. I think we got all of
them so far. We failed. It's just that easy a fail. I'm so slow at the end.
Ashley might be a pirate at this point. Hey a little slow but no. Maybe it's still possible.
I needed to hit just one more of those little guys. We are a robot designed to shoot pirates.
It might have been fine even though I forgot what I was doing for a second.
Oh. Now we're just practicing. Fuck you dogs. Wow still got it.
Weird. Wow. I guess I need to run to the side and also I need to just shoot way better.
The two things I have to do are run to the side and shoot much better. It's gonna do it anyway.
I missed one of the things. Oh wait I meant to do this. Wow I missed so many
of the little skull of Tullus. Yeah at how many times I've done this and I won't stop.
Okay. Oh that's a fail. I'm just practicing now. Hey I guess never mind.
I still have so if I do it right I still have some shotgun left. I think I need to save some
shotgun for the end. I think it'll make it way faster. So I need to get better at
killing these first pirates without a shotgun. Well that won't do obviously. I don't know what
to do there. There's too many of them. A new plan. That should do it. It should be fine.
I fucked up though. No. Well the thought was there. Stop saying it's perfect.
They're driving me crazy. That never happens. Fuck me. Wow I failed there.
All right I think I kind of get it now. I think I see how I could do this at the end there.
I've been using my little Lee on Finky Brain. Failed. Failed because the little two guys
little ballerina pirate friend got me. Really slow. It's probably not gonna do. Wow I've never
done that before. Keep fucking up different. Keep fucking up different parts of this.
It's a recovery. I also missed a skull so. Oh it felt good for a second and then I blew it.
Hey that's fine. Oh. Hey. No I missed one. I meant to pull out this. I meant to pull out the other gun.
I gotta keep it cool. I've only done this about 50 times. That's barely any. I forgot to use the
shotgun. Damn it. I did it. Damn it. I can't believe these dogs got the best of me. I felt
like I was on fire. Then I wasn't. It's crazy when I missed those.
The president would understand. These pirates have to be taken out. That was a hit.
That's I'm just gonna do it anyway. Okay now I'm not. Shut up. Wait did I miss? I missed that.
Again? What's happening to me? It's almost like I'm losing my mind. Did I get it that
time? I can't even tell. All right. Maybe I'm hitting it. It just doesn't look like me.
What? It's so slow. I'm getting worse. I don't even know why I did that. All right I gotta
catch my breath. Just take a breath Leon. Just take a big old breath. I'm so confused.
Oh my getting worse at the easy parts. Oh my god. Getting worse. This. I don't understand
what's happened to me. Oh boy. You know what I need? I need a break from this music.
You just need. You just need to turn off the music. And there we go. This will get me there.
Damn it. Even Bebe worse than do it for me? This time though. Shit I keep forgetting.
I'm worse. All right that was better. I missed it. Closer than not being bad.
Focus on the power of the bays. Well I got more targets. But I also missed two skulls.
Yes I did. Fuck. No choice but to play Beyblade Burst again.
Playblade Burst. This the second coming of Beyblade will get me through this.
Shit. Oh my god. I keep forgetting to hit two. Whatever. It might be fine.
I'm going to load me up. Fuck you. God damn pirate. He blew it for me. How could he do this to me?
I think at five I have to stop. So the question is can I beat this one pirate game before five?
Oh my god. I have to remember to hit two. You killed a lot of pirates. There's still more.
Wow this timing there guys. Damn it. Wow I blew it. My Beyblade blew it.
Oh my god. I said it that part right. It's like a weird mental checklist.
Ashley you're in my way but whatever. Is that good enough? Baby. Yes. Oh my god that took way too
fucking long. Hearts will fly. I lose my mind. The Tamtran is dropping the subs on time.
Oh shit. I did miss a medallion but it's fortunately we already got that one.
So that means unless I'm celebrating prematurely. No we got everything. We freaking got everything.
Tamtran thank you so much for the insane support. A Beyblade Blurp. Oh baby that was that was a lot of
that game. Yeah we we did that for a while. That's what you gotta do. And we blew through
this sub goal. That means I get my own theme. Yeah. What's that mean? Oh you're gonna have
to sing. That's fine. I'm trained in singing. It was a Tamtran burst. A Tamtran burst of insane support.
My heart is heavy. It's full of all the clone liquid. It's really heavy. God damn these pirates.
I think as we might not have time to record the do we have time to record the theme. I think
we'll save that for tomorrow. We'll bring you on to the news stream where you can you know
hang out DJ music and make a theme. Does that mean I have to shoot more pirates till five?
Yeah I'm just kidding. I want to shoot more pirates till five. I know you do Leon. Yes
system of the down guy let's switch it up. Well that'll get that'll this might also get your
stream DRM whatever. System of a down. If we play it real quietly. Yeah toxicity in our city.
toxicity in our city. All right. All right. Oh my god how bad is this one going to be?
A bolt thrower. What's this even mean? Attach mines. Oh my god. Does this one go through things?
Oh it's got a delay. This is going to be brutal. Oh my gosh you have to aim above the targets.
This is this one will be here for three days straight. Oh my god.
I can't even see where the little arrows are. All right let's try this again. Well actually
let's just see what it even happens. That hit it then. So we would have to attach a mine here.
Did I not attach a mine? Oh that's a mine. Okay we're learning how this works.
That was pathetic obviously. I feel pathetic. That even faster? What the hell?
I can't believe how slow these are. No that's not good. These pirates aren't taking me seriously.
I feel like a buffoon. Santy. That was a miss. We're gonna figure out this beginning part.
All right then the next one's in the middle. Total whiff. Wow this is really brutal. Oh I know
what to do. These probably shoot another grenade there. All right we gotta figure out our grenade
usage for this absolute disaster of a game. Oh shit this one has a fucking thing on it. I got it.
All right. Oh this one's a grenade too for sure. Oh I didn't do it though.
Got giving me oh is there a skull at the top? I didn't even notice. I did nothing actually.
Ah that's not a hit you're right. Wait what? What does it take to attach a mine?
Okay you gotta hold it out. I see. Will that blow them all up? It will. Okay good to know.
Oh that one has a thing on it. I don't even know if I hit it. Okay I just have to get good.
And I also here just have to get good. That's so hard. It's kind of turning me on.
This seems like another. Will that give me the skull? It will. All right that's good to know.
Blue high score. The apathetic score. I need a different song. I'll get a different song soon.
Oh shit I fucking got it. Okay we're learning. We're learning. We love to learn here.
All right this one is the challenge shot. Oh yeah how much do I have to leave this?
I can't see the little arrow. This is pathetic obvious. Oh my gosh all right.
So the middle one gets them all. Oh interesting. I didn't even get them all.
This is a difficult guy. This is a difficult guy. Yeah really? Not learning. Excuse me sorry.
Something in the throat. Pirates are notorious for ducking crossbow balls apparently.
It's an impressive skill they have. Maybe that's not even a place to use a grenade though.
That grenade thing is not terribly responsive and dude I cannot tell when I'm supposed to be
shooting with this. Nope I can't believe I'm that bad. Oh yeah yeah this is this is rough.
What music can I even play? I don't know. You deserve no music. My pirate warriors
are doing their job. These pirates are undefeatable. It's hard to even find pirates in the
landlocked Spanish Transylvanian but I found a way and they are defeating Leon Kennedy.
See they didn't even get this goal there. That's pathetic. For shit they hit the wrong button
there because you're bad. I think you're for the follow by the way. I have hacked into the
CIA's mainframe and I can see you in case they can follow. But that's too high okay. All right.
I don't know why I'm cheering you on. I hate you but you're getting better.
That's a miss. That's a big time miss. That's a miss for me dog.
I don't even care if he thinks it's a miss. He's just a bug guy.
I'm gonna try this without even donating these and just see if it's reasonably fast.
Yeah that's faster. Oopsie. Kind of a goof. Wait what's next? I can't remember all this.
Oh I got it. Getting better. Oh Leon hit the thing. It's also weird. It's also weird how the
timing of the grenade thing works. Yeah Ashley is real. Oh that's our first S though. We're
improving. Those grenade transfers suck. Then it's the pirate guys. Miss. That's a miss.
Oh wow. I don't know if I have been waiting for it. Yeah Ashley duh. Oh my god this gun is the
worst thing in the world. But we are making progress. All right we need some music.
We'll go with our next system of a Drax system of a Don song. Shit. Leon felt too hardcore from
the system of the Don music. Like nobody gets a pass. This is the hardest one. I got it though.
Oh my gosh. Oh no. Just when I thought I was doing fine. I goofed that. Oh I still got it.
All right so we have to grenade these. I blew that. That was better but not much better.
How many. Oh god I didn't even get any of the plus 1500s. Oh no how well do I have to do it this.
That was pretty. That was better. Okay I've gotten. Oh I got two of the every plus 1000s.
So maybe if I just 100% it I'll just get it.
Leon hit the switch. Hit the switch Leon. No I'm trying to hit the thing. Oh my god it
was going fine until that. Something that just doesn't switch over. The like switch to
grenade thing is really clunky. I don't know. I'm legitimately going to blame the game please.
One blame the game please. All right that's not going to do. But I can feel
Leon's skill with the crossbow improving. Now we're in focus mode. Total silence. Damn
didn't get it. This is the hardest part. All right. Leon do it. Do the switch. Uh oh that
might be fine. How is that not fine. Damn all right. Play cigar next. Wait I don't even know what
cigar is. Oh oh the song. Yeah sorry I thought you meant a game. Cigaro it is. The power of
system of the dawn will get us there. And we'll get these pirates down. What the hell how did
I miss all of those. Oh my gosh. I think I fucked up those huh. I'm sure how much this
even is going to matter. That was all better I think. A gold token. Oh it's because I got all
eight of the things. But something tells me oh I didn't. I have to get. I guess I have to get
another 103 points. Cigaro. Wow I'm aiming too high now. I knew it. I knew I was going to do that
because I could feel myself about to do it. Why is he getting lost in Toronto. Cigaro baby.
Wow it is. You have to be so on the money with this fucking thing. Florida fucked up there.
I think I got all the things so far. Oh my god. Oopsie. Wow I recovered. Sort of. Oh my gosh.
Why was it still beeping. It just never went off. I guess because it didn't hit a target.
Damn well. Order of operations is important. Who did it hit. I can't see. Oh I think I have
to shoot both the grenades. Okay. We're figuring it out. S1000 thank you so much for the 15 months.
Let's what should we play now. I guess let's just see what else system of a down has for us.
Greatest hits. That'll do it. Yeah that time we were close. I think I can do this
and then quit for the day. No. I'll try it anyway. And that's the big old miss.
You got to shoot it to the back. We're getting closer though.
System of a down will get us there. Right. I thought I could time it. It'd be cool.
What the fuck. Oh my god. These guys sometimes and that's the problem.
Okay that I missed one though but was that good enough. Yeah that was good enough.
Okay. Oh you thought just because it was a shitty gun. Daddy Leon couldn't.
A system of a down all those pirates. I just downed all those pirates. Those pirates is downs now.
They're fully down. They're fully down. Don't say like that. Fully down.
All right well the back half of the stream is doomed to be red and unhearable so I guess you
can say whatever you want Leon. There's maybe if I talk loud enough it'll confuse
the twitch thing and it won't block this out and then I and then they'll hear all
the fucked up things I have to say about pirates. I don't think anybody's that defensive of
pirates but I'm if it's possible to be racist against pirates I'll admit that I am.
All right. Well I think we're gonna count that as another big day for Leon.
Leon's baby's day out. We didn't progress that far into the game.
Radlam thank you for the five super news is I guess I don't technically have to do anything till six.
What you talking about? What are you talking about? You're getting off. What are you talking
about now? Well I just feel like we're on a hot streak. That's the kind of talk I like.
They say if you're on a hot streak get away from the table you're an addict.
I say there's some more pirates that need to be punished and downed.
Yeah we got some time. Oh my god we're going back in. Now there's no stopping us now.
Oh Radlam thank you so much for the five subs. Well Leon is about to get off.
Oh yeah we're getting off hard right now. We are getting off. This is the last pirate.
These are the last pirates I get to hang out with if you catch my drift.
This is the last boarding for Leon Kennedy I think unless there's another one in the game.
Is there another one? I don't know. What if there's another one? Then we'll do it.
You never get to a third level pirates. We're gonna do it now.
We were gonna stop but much like Booker T there ain't no stopping me now.
Oh my god look how many guns I have.
What is this? Oh these boys are back there the whole time this time I see.
All right I can see the challenge here. Oh is this not even the shoot through things gun?
It's not. What else we got? What are the guns we're working with? Oh it's the striker.
Okay we got the striker we got this. Will this shoot through things? Answer there seems to be yes.
That was Shelton Benjamin. Oh you're right. Ain't no stopping me now. Okay there it is.
So for these I have to. Oh my god look at all these pirates. This is gonna be a challenge.
I don't even know if you need this here. Then what use the striker for these?
This is kind of nuts. This one might take more than just this session here.
Jesus. All right this is a bit of a challenge. Oh I see. Wow this one is brutal. I still gotta be.
Ashley take it easy. Don't over encourage Leanne he doesn't need that.
I'm well aware that that wasn't good. It's not up to snuff. So actually stop. This is very final
boss. Okay we're gonna begin the true slog now. You know maybe this is the thing. No wait that
doesn't make any sense because I can't shoot those guys behind them. And I have to hit that one target.
Oh there was a thing. All right so that's something I have to switch to.
Then back to this. Okay. You just have to reload everything.
Oh but it gives you some extra time. That's nice. But I was still too slow.
Damn if you get off it is not forgiving. Ooh okay. Yeah that one.
Damn it's back to this guy. Oh he really starts aiming up though. Jesus Leanne don't crouch.
This is rough. Oh my god it's much better but not good. Oh yeah let's get our system of a down
going. That'll push us through. It's a little quiet system of a down. Oh it's not playing
anymore. What system of a down? Why? Okay keep it low. Raid Nomi Pro? Absolutely I'll raid Nomi Pro.
No. Ashley sometimes you have to shoot everything. Maybe I'm supposed to switch to the rifle there?
I guess that might make sense. It is pretty far away. All right we're just gonna practice.
Oh and then you'd already have it out for this.
I see. And then maybe gotta reload everything. I don't know what the... maybe this is where you use?
Fuck what even... maybe this is where... yeah you could use that there.
Oh but I'm... I didn't... I'm out of bullets for this shit.
Jesus this is gonna be a lot to remember. I can't stop crouching you bastard.
Fuck I don't know if... I think I'm using this too much now.
Ooh. Switch over to content warning. Is that a game?
Well I don't think I can because I have to do the uh the Patreon at six.
Otherwise I totally would. Content warning is a co-op horror game where you film spooky stuff
with your friends. Oh that sounds fun. Oh my god I hit the wrong button. No!
What the fuck? My keyboard's going crazy. Wow okay that was unfortunate. I hit the windows button.
Um it looks like it might have come out. At least people seem to currently be making
YouTube videos about it. I should not need to reload there. Oh shit okay. Maybe I should use
the shotgun there actually. I'm gonna try that. You don't care about fun delete pirates I agree.
I can't have fun while I know all these pirates are just mocking me with their dynamites.
Oh amazed I didn't. Uh wow that's pretty slow unfortunately.
All right I guess maybe okay that can't be the way to do that. Those barrel pirates really fuck you
up. It's what it's brutal. It starts even that first shot is like kind of annoying to hit.
All right I think you're right that there must be a shot. Damn it just you use so much ammo.
But if you don't get it I don't know how you get it. Oh I blew it. Maybe maybe I should try this on
that. Yeah the real horror is the crossbow game. Oh and a nice bot showed up who enlightened us
about buying followers. It's some more bleep bloops in chat. Oh yeah I was going to try this this
time. Okay that is insanely slow so I guess not. Maybe in the interest of not being here all day
let's see somebody pro let's see somebody flawless this um four dash c all stars shooting range four okay
let's see out of just out of curiosity guys check this out wait I'll show you just this is not me
playing unfortunately okay he goes pissed oh my god look at this guy aim bot whatever that's aim bot
he's not that much better than me I swear interesting what the fuck okay
he's using all the parts of the buffaloes yeah but if anybody's half watching I guess I could
just convince you that I'm doing this okay he just is being a good shot I guess one way
to do this is just to be good oh that's brutal he's not being perfect though all right I'm
a little impressed oh my god this is a nightmare what's he waiting for oh he just doesn't give a
shit about those okay well at least we know the end's a little forgiving did he get I guess 25,000
is the score we're shooting for okay interesting you quit your nostalgia run of jack three because
of a mission like this I think I can do this I choose to believe in myself or should it looks
like my Instagram thing froze though you know what we'll just say Instagram got to see enough
although maybe I'm still alive but I don't know we can't worry about that right now
there's too many pirates to kill all right I fucked one up thing up there but I get
I kind of am starting to get how it's supposed to go no little pirates are hard to hit what did
he do here oh he took out one of these first oh I didn't have enough pistol bullets which one
is the one fuck yeah the fourth party just used a striker but he seemed to be managing his ammo a
little bit too oh I hit the wrong button all right shit I fucked up reloading oh I killed one
and then oh shit which one has the thing okay that one all right at least know we know
getting too button happy so hard to remember which one to even press oh my god I keep hitting
two instead of one party time no oh that was too slow what the fuck I blew that one
hmm okay is Leon poor he might be I don't know what they're paying CIA
you know you make it up at a later in life all right we're just gonna practice even though
we're fucking up okay oh this song says pour a bunch I just realized that
I'm very pirate focused right now if you get off there it's hard to recover
shut up ash I'm doing my best well I hit the wrong button hmm
the pirates are the poor damn that means we're the bad guy could it be
could it be we've been the villains all along I don't know why I didn't switch there
to my heart I felt like a real marksman in this zone we must go into the zone
oh dude why can't I hit that shot right now 430 I do 10 more minutes then we'll
we'll probably be better if we take a break oh I'm too bad
instead of being good I was bad absolutely I'm gonna pretty spears this shit well I mean
important to say it's time to play well I'm gonna shoot everything wrong
oh my eyes my eyes deceive me oh take this out damn that part is hard
do that oh fuck I'm out of bullets
jeez I need more bullets too I guess maybe need to reload them
this one is not easy don't think that'll cut it fuck don't I don't even know
to these I don't get how it's gonna work but I might have to rewatch that thing again at some
point the guy actually doing it hey whatever I'm just gonna keep practicing let's try one more time
and then I think I will haul it for the day let's save it before probably trying to three more times
oh my god all right we're gonna call it I can feel myself getting too much too bad at this game
how do I save though return to game load game well let's save
it's a weird fair you've been going to Ashley it's an odd fair
I know what kind of fairs you go to find me mostly kill pirates it's like the main fair activity
oh yeah typewriters I gotta write my memoirs real quick okay system of it down propelled us to great things
but unfortunately due to cases failures as an operative we were unable to see it all the
way through to the end here it's my bad it was your bad you're distracting me
and I got self-conscious and I was not impressing the merchant I hate to hear that me too
anyway I'm gonna completely shut my brain off for the next several days and meditate until you play
this again all right so until then type training uh let's who we're gonna raid somebody somebody
mentioned someone to raid what's yyle's twitch handle oh cassis still on well he's gotta get off
in like 20 minutes unless we're not doing that patron today which is the kind of thing that could
happen and I just wouldn't hear about it sorry to see who's on that I follow yeah somebody
mentioned someone that I was oh no me pro okay we're gonna raid no me pro there we go sick
honestly sick uh okay sweet well thanks for hanging out guys um would love to play whatever game
you mentioned Avaly and Gina we're playing but we'll have to save that for another day
where we're another day when we're real gamers but we're getting there it's going off the
bucket list take that list and shred it I won't even need a bucket list after I beat this game
um all right have fun with no me pro it's a just a it's a it's a leon raid it's a kick raid
it's a kick raid but not from the app from leon's feet um I'll see those of you who are on the
on the cream team patreon disturbingly soon and leon we'll see you later I'll ah well what the
fuck I see you we're mowing we're mowing each other's words oh the words all right
see you guys later have a good one I should be doing the news tomorrow
and then maybe Friday we'll kick back to this with some kicks uh have a beautiful Wednesday
secrets