Oh, yeah
Flies are back, but what can you do?
To turn something off real quick
That's a little better
Hello, we should be back now
In the lines between
Bow bow, and it's working great. All right. Let's boot up the ring. Let's ring it in
I'm thinking we're back. All right. There we go
I'm locked in
We probably have Ronnie the witch here, I'm assuming yes, I'm here me Ronnie the witch
Lighting up
Don't forget to do the moon stuff case
It's important for you to
You know the moon. I'm here to talk about the moon still I I know I know you like the moon
I don't like the moon
It's everything
Okay, let's check in with our check in with the notorious sex guy
Let's get an notorious sex guy going in here. Okay, this looks about right
This looks like the kind of stuff that goes on in this game for sure
Well, let me update what I'm doing to Elden Ring. Oh
Elden Ring
Okay
So I think before I end the stream for the day and send it to some other lucky birthday boy
We can we can make a little more progress on
Our notorious sex guy science eyes build
If you didn't if you missed last night, which is understandable. I streamed randomly for like four hours last night
Just running around trying to level up my guy
Ending off in the volcano manner where I couldn't complete a glitchy jump or beat a god-skinned noble
However, I beat the god-skinned noble this morning cheesing him out with sleep potions and
Now one of the last things on my list before I finally start more or less playing the game is
to um
Jesus Christ
Is to get the XP thing that's in this cave is like a thing that ups your XP
So we're gonna try to do that
Timmy the brain
Thank you for getting super news
Super ringed for now
Go for it man
What yeah, this is oh my god, what the frick no
Where did he come from?
Yeah, this is a giant Pepto Bismol commercial my character's name is Pepto Bismol
Pepto Bismarcky
This it is surprising I would be surprised if I was running through this and someone lived here
Anyway, this cave is pretty annoying because it's full of rot
You might have noticed
And you kind of have to get around it like this. Oh god. I went the wrong way. I
Fucked up. I fucked up big time
Please stop. Please stop becoming sick. No, don't do it. Oh
boy, I
Should just kill myself
Anyway, that's not how you want to do that
Kill me. I'm here. Kill me. I
My angle of jumping backwards is way off
Yeah, yeah, yeah, as long as there's a couple butterflies in a cave you can call it home
All right, giant gas explosion do your thing
There it is
We angle ourselves better. I fucked up again, but it might have been fine
Should be fine. Okay, stop getting more rot in you
Oh, it's thinking about it and I'm
Dude, I don't understand
Made it over here before fine, but whatever. Hey, we can just make it through the cave wall rotting to death
What did you drop? Can I really get that much worse? I may as well grab this
So the answer was yes
But at least I got a serpent bow
Thank you to me the brain for the happy birthday wishes
There should be a Pepto-Bismol item in this game. It would really help me out in this particular case
If they just had some good antacids they could have avoided a lot of
consternation
Melania would still just be a
weird sword lady
You can do it man. Keep jumping. Oh
God, I fucked up. All right that time I did it more right
Thank you quantum tunneler for the birthday wishes. It's a birthday stream
great
This is a great place for great people
Who are you there? Oh god stop getting rotted on
Geez
Man, I really should have gotten like a torch or something. Do I have a torch? Do I have a torch? Oh
We do have a torch
Yeah, that's better. Yeah, if you're in a giant
rat infested
Just a little bit giant rat infested alien murder cave
Reach for Pepto-Bismol
You know our build's already slightly coming together in the sense that this arcane weapon
Does no damage things. Oh, so also if you're falling along from last night
We now do have the riduvia plus nine
Which is uh one away from I think being maxed out
So we're in good shape for now
We're gaming
We're gaming for real
Oh god
Uh-oh
That was a death
I got cocky
I said I can fight this giant plant
I don't have the bloodhound thing. No
I could have gone for that, but I think we're going for an arcane faith build
Uh
Maybe eventually there's a weapon that scales with both of those
But we need to we need to use the big explode II spell
As as our one of our main attacks
So that's why I'm going with like this arcane
lead stuff
I think the chaos whatever madness eyes thing
Scales with arcane and faith
Oh perfect. Yeah, once we kill morgot then
Which is a little later in the game, but we could go do it pretty soon actually
We'll be in good shape
Eleanor's pole blade. I don't know which is better
Yeah, I'm learning
Yeah, I feel like there's a
Weapon that has almost every combo of scaling. Okay, got him
There you go
That's true. Heptoe is lube is stomach lube
And that's also how they should advertise them got a dry stomach lube it up with pep-toe bismal
Butterflies yay. All right, this time
Heal you fool
You're poisoned. It's all the shit
What these little guys still survive
Thought it would follow dragon rolls. Oh my god. Stop running away from me little fucker
All right, this guy is
Oh my gosh, what the frick stab him
Oh my gosh, doing so bad
Okay, we're just a little bit poisoned that room was a little hectic
At least the poison hurts us a lot slower
Enjoy the sweet taste of poison
Delicious night poison ushering in a utopia of calm
Poisoned
Guys an age of poison moon
Sounds pretty good, right? It does sound pretty bad, but don't tell her I need her support
Okay
This is the big challenge
I am unfortunately poisoned for it
But we'll just drink this
And we'll use our little wolves. We have wolves to use on this
Got a wolves. Oh god. There's two
Forgot that there's two
Oh, that's bad. Oh, that's unfortunate
Dude the Pepitos almost got the first one
Okay, now at least I noticed to run through that area. I should be able to get there a lot faster now
I'm just gonna do some classic sprinting and we angle ourselves
You can do it. You can jump
Over here, let's then we jumped on and we stab a guy
Okay, where is it?
Okay easy
We'll just ignore the rats and this guy
Oh, that was really chasing me
Nice. We have so many physics. I think I can use a shield too
30 streams. Oh my gosh. Thank you. Don't do it. Oopsie. I forgot to summon these guys
No one down. Okay
I just need to not get one shotted by this other one
Although I feel like
Stuff tends to come in three
Look at these. My own wolves are blocking me
It's a mugging
We mug them to death
And that's what we wanted
Success
The Pepitos saved me. Maybe I should just use Pepitos the whole time
All right sick
We don't need this yet because we're not using any incantations
But we do want to up our runes
Yeah, take me
Okay, now we go kill Godric
And then maybe by the end of the stream, I'll be right in the strike zone of where we can
Spam kill a bunch of enemies to level up super fast
The ultimate goal
Those Pepitos really carried me there. Okay, we were
Getting them. Actually, maybe I should check the round table hold
I feel like when you do certain things or just when game time passes
Sometimes people show up for you to talk to and then they will just leave
And you'll never have talked to them. There might not be anybody new. I'll just check really fast
You got any new dialogue for me?
There we go
Um
Thanks for the follow Kyle. Yeah, teach me how to cure poison
In fact, just give me all of these
Hawkwave catch flame flame sting
Her heel urgent. Yeah, sure
Yeah, just give me everything
Oh, yeah, show us the heart audio cables. Thank you for supporting
All of notorious sex guys leveling
There's our edgelord
Oh goody. He's in his study now. What's up, man?
I just fucked up all of his books
Thanks, buddy
I cut him off he stopped caring
Secretly the part with me all along. Oh good. It's this guy. Have you ever felt the curse?
With your whole being
What's up, man support in life itself
Feared and despair
Apparently not you all but a lamb
A strange is a defilement
Ignorance of your own ignorance. You no longer interest me
I've been long without peace
Don't spoil my quietude
All right, man, if you don't want to hang out, I feel like some guys do it to themselves, you know, I just friend this
Yeah, help me level stuff up. That's your real goal in life. Hey, I had this crazy idea. What if you help me
Do exactly what I want to do
And I want to I don't want her to suck out my life. There is
Yeah, is there anybody up here?
No, okay. We're good. We're good to continue
Log it
Mary Nara mania
Oh boy a beautiful castle
And now that I fought that boss, it'll be nice and easy
Psycor, thanks for the raid. Hope you're having a great stream
There come over here. Would you what's that man?
Your eye would advise it's tightly go to try to catch your bridge that
If you must go through the but of course
Maybe I'll just do whatever I want, man
I kind of live my life by the code of bam margera
And it worked out for him
Okay, oh good a ruin fragment. Great. I'll put that in my pocket
Uh, yes, I think it is psychore
oops see
I jumped without thinking there
How always a smart choice in this game? Oh god
sword bird
forgot about the sword bird. I feel bad killing the sword bird, but
You saw how it was behaving sword bird
Sneaking up on a sword bird
Oh god, it's stuck up on me
Damn, I might be a little over level for these sword birds or not
They showed me
Oh smithing stone
They probably are pretty endangered given the state of the world
But I would say in a world where every species is endangered except for like
um, tentacle bugs
You just can't help it
It can't help but kill a few endangered
sword bird species
Just here to kill
A weird grafted man
Yeah, we picked the dumbest voice. He's like
What's up
Sorry about that my man
Damn this uh
L2 is kind of OP
At the stage of the game after running around for four hours
Overleveling myself for the starting area. Oh my god, but that's why we do it
But the stuff like that doesn't kill us
What's up gents?
I'm sure I'll be engaging some tentacle monster later
Oh
Oh god, it's one of these guys
Honestly, that's on him
That is that is a bit on him for not seeing me coming there
Look at some hook claws
He's like oh god this corner of the castle
Exclusively looking at this wall. I feel like I could I probably could have seen that coming
Oh my god
Run away
Amazing that I'm not done
What you guys did was not cool
And they pay the ultimate price
The world's least accurate samurai will get them
Jumped it
Damn when you kill these guys in one hit it kind of makes you just feel like a crazy murderer
Are you alive?
Not anymore. I don't think there's any incredible. Oh, this is a trap
I could get I could go in there and get trapped
It's time to get trapped
I was the knight secretly
I was the batman
Oh good a rusty key
Hey, that could be a character in the Fast and the Furious a Swedish chef that cooks lube
I cook the best lobe in the world
Hmm
The diesel's like nice
I guess we might need a little bit of help make something smooth
Uh, where the fuck am I supposed to go? Oh, there's nothing else in this room
It's just a trap room with a key
Okay, I guess I didn't need to go in there at all
And I'm once again confused just a way to go
The Fast and the Fettuccine
It's been my other life
I hope that uh, John that Toretto chef is also just played by Vin Diesel, but in a chef set old life cooking food
But now I gotta cook up
way out of this mess
Hmm
That's just that it's not
Silver foot
I'm gonna just try to get to the end of this
Don't think I need too many of the items in here
Was the stuff we looted off that guy, uh any good for us? I don't think
It could be wrong, but oh shit. I'm too powerful for these
Initial game enemies. I don't think there's anything in this, uh
particular castle we need for our build
I mostly just need to kill the boss
But there's always kind of some useful items scattered around here in there
There's like probably some cracked pots in here, which can be pretty good
If I actually explore everywhere. Oh nice. I'm already here
All right, let's keep going
Oh, shit you there
Oh
You know, I should actually rest that side of grace
They said it was food poisoning
But it was actually what the fuck did I just do? Oh, I waited. Whoops
Well, you just took a long break
All right, you fucker. Stop throwing barrels at me. All right
Totally got me again
How do I dodge those barrels?
How does one dodge an exploding barrel? Okay, that worked that one didn't work. I hated that box
I need to remember the original gamer skills of jumping a barrel. Oh, yeah, you know, you're probably right
I could have just jumped and that's why this game is tough, but fair
The golden rune the guidance of runes
I think there's an NPC in here that I also can
Chat with all right, let's kill this guy
Oh, my ambush was not a success
Got him
I feel like I hear an enemy. Oh, there he is
There's our little wizard pal
Oh, I noticed you're just standing amongst all these insane soldiers. How are you nice? The pleasure's mine
I'm looking for a little something
Here in the castle when I'm not hot footing it from the troops, but enough about me
What if this place is bristling with tarnished hunters, you know, yeah, they sacrifice our kind
For grafting not exactly a place. I'd stroll into without a purpose in mine
Well, I mostly want to level up by getting this guy's rune
I see
Here to challenge Godric and lay your hands upon a great rune. Are you yeah, you can see it then?
Well, I'm tarnished, but unlike you
I've seen neither hide nor hair of this guidance for the longest time
still
I won't forget how it felt when I first came here to the land
I'm privy to a few magical battle arts. Would you care to learn one as a fellow?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, teach me
Give me that. Yeah, give me that. I'll take that too. What else?
That's beautiful, man
What you just said was how I felt
What you put it into words, that's incredible
Yeah, goon heaven really converted a couple of these people
The gooning order where I just was
It's also where I just was
Oh, this is a dead end
That's fun
This way. Yeah, this way
Also, I think yeah, I can also go down there and
Fight a giant dragon thing, but maybe I'll do that after I beat Godric. See you quantum tunneler. Have a good Monday
Kind of welcomed his death there like yeah, he's walking over here, but I'm not gonna get up too fast
Oh good. It's one of those guys
Oh good
Nothing to see here. What's up, man?
So rude of me a truly rude man
Who's piss
He was understandably mad
About me jumping in and stabbing him. Remember if there's even mimic
treasures in this
A mimics veil
They read my mind
Let's just fight this guy. Yo, you
I'm pissed from last time
I showed you by being over leveled
Who's boss?
Me is boss now
Oh, I didn't even see him there
Yeah, they really they stop caring about their charge as soon as they see a person
They're like, I've been fucking waiting, dude
Oh, this is a pretty sweet portrait
If you look like this, you have the right to have a painting of you
commissioned
But you have to look like this guy
Otherwise hanging your own painting in your house is kind of embarrassing
Island acts
Oh, no
This isn't good
They're storing these body parts at room temperature
Yeah, very much
Boston's about to make us feel so good. What's up here?
Oh
I done looped around
Oh, should I just respond to all the enemies? I guess I could go up. I do not remember where to go
If I'm being honest
What are you doing over there? Oh, we didn't see that coming
Yeah, I think the the rune of aging is working on me. Unfortunately
Proven by it being my birthday. Hey
No, dude, don't tell them all
Holy hell they got them all
Okay, that was
I was straight up matrix mode there. I kneeled out
I had six arms. Am I supposed to go? Well, probably not this way
Maybe I can sneak around by doing this
By doing some platforming
And not dying
That's where I was
It doesn't feel like the safest
Did it go? Okay
America I think I'm going that way
Maybe I can just jump down there from here. Oopsie. Nope. Oh my god. I lived
Cocker I dodged this super bird
Damn, it was a rare species of
murder bird
Like a murder turkey what's going on there?
Oh good, I can cross my legs
The rare goon bird
Okay, this looks like a battle area for battleers
It's time to do the doodle
A whole camp of people
Hey, you
Oh
Well, anyway, that was just straight up the way I originally went
I just circled wildly around for no reason
I'll get my revenge
By running past these birds
How many birds can I run by before they kill me?
What are the bird odds?
I don't feel like fighting them anymore
Okay, one of them got me
One of them did get me
Stop it birds
Stop it
I outran the birds
Yeah, that man was a stabbing machine
I'm sneaky now. I'm the sneakiest
What's up? I got your friend. How does that make you feel?
Oh god, he's good. He's good
But I'm better at spanning heels than you
At least we got a new armor piece
Oh, damn. I'm back. Where am I fucking going?
How do I get to the courtyard?
I don't care about you
Scion is permanently dead, I guess
Maybe this is the way
This guy again
Step step step step step
Let me out of here, please
Oh
That's fun
Did I go down there?
What that way last time, maybe the trick was to keep going this way
Hope this is up here. God damn it.
All right, fine. We're gonna go down into dog hell
In case that's the right way
Bristol Lids Memento
Don't know what that does. Oh, I'm just down here
Oh god, that's unfortunate
How am I so confused? I'm so confused by this castle's layout
Maybe I can just make this jump
No, I couldn't
You know what? I felt close though
I did I did
Unfortunately, I'm a little unconcerned about their experience of these
Let's try one more time just for fun
I didn't learn my lesson
It feels so close, you know, I shouldn't spend another 12 hours doing a jump
I can't do probably but it feels like I'm not doing a running jump
Sometimes I don't get how the sprint jumping works in this game. Hmm. Can I make that fall? Probably not
It's like there's an elevator you need to bring down
There's fucking birds in their barrels
They're blowing each other up. These birds are being crazy
Oh, all right, you fuckers. I'm running away
We don't care about fighting anymore. We keep having to do it and we're freaking over it
That goes for you too murder knight
I'm here to taunt you with my
Sweet rear
I can't jump down there. I guess
I'm being chased
Where's the murder vader? There it is. But this just takes me back up
This feels like it's just a connection. I'm pretty sure that just takes me back to
Top. This is the way I came in or is it that?
Oh
God damn it. This is the way
It's just right here
Oh my gosh, that's a lot of guys
We bravely run away away
Guys, you kind of had one job to do
How long were they waiting there just to let me immediately sprint by them?
Whoa fun
Kind of fucked up their painting. Oh, I should have tried that skimer
ow
Oh my god, they're all lined up for me
Oh, uh-oh
Whoa
Oh, okay. He was less lined up for me
Please know I know where to go. I should I focused too much on the dog. I should have focused on
The giant ogre
I guess actually
I can just ride this elevator down
Oh, I can't
Fair enough
I figured that was a shortcut and I was wrong
He wasn't his crumb era. Oh not today
I've learned to dodge you guys sort of
I killed them without even fighting them
My skills are increasing
Yeah
Don't do it man. Don't do it
I'm too fast
I'm way too fast for him
Oh, I haven't been keeping track of my deaths
Dead like four times
Maybe five. We'll go five. Let's say five
I've died five times
Dude, I should turn off those segment alerts because I can't do them right now. What's that guy's problem?
Um
Whatever we did last time almost worked
Our mistake was stopping the running
The mistake I then made again
Oh my god
I was a little bit surrounded
The dog kicked my ass
Peter power damn
I mean, I guess I could just fight them all but I don't really see how that's going to work better
And I hate running by these guys
I'm a birthday streamer
I do intend to stop though after we beat God
That guy got me
I think it's need to run into a building
I think that's going to be a smarter move than stopping
Hello guys
Fingers
Hello
Oh my god, there's a lot of enemies
Gotta get inside
What the fuck
Oh, how convenient
They thought they were smart
They didn't know that
When I take a nap the world rests with me
Okay, I guess I could
Kind of explore maybe we should kill that big guy at least
Let's kill this big guy
Let's betray him
He gave us nothing. Oh well that looks promising
What's out here
Oh
What is it?
I guess we just don't mess with that yet
Don't worry. I'm basically taking the day off
Just playing some Elden Ring
Some Elden Ring
Usually sparkling noises aren't a good sign for me
Who's charging up an attack
Little jars
Hey guys
Oh, yeah, they're enemies
A big jar
I dodged you
Are these guys alive?
They are
I'll let them live because the jars are cute
What is sparkling its ass off over here?
Oh this guy
Oh
I attacked didn't do shit
Stormcaller
Yeah, the 24 hour stream was
Was a bit much maybe
Although we did quite a few. Oh, I'm at the boss
Oh, I skipped a lot of stuff
Good for me
Way to go me
All right, let's see how many times it takes me to beat this. You know, we'll reset my deaths because I haven't been tracking them well
Anyway
See how many deaths it takes me to beat this boss
I'll try not to use
My wolfies
Because they might make it kind of easy, honestly
But if I start to lose too much maybe for speed sake I'll use it
Nice extra fingers you got there my man
And tumor arms
All right, we just got to actually dodge when he does stuff
Oh
Like I should have dodged that
He's got so many arms. He's swinging though. It's so hard to keep track of them, but this time I get it
I wonder if there's someone you can summon in this
summon buddy
He could summon
Sorcerer I met but I guess not
Anyway, whatever
I really should be able to beat this guy
You there
I'm not afraid of you
Oh, come on. You have so many arms
Oh, just don't die. That's the even more essential skill than dodging
This is this is science as well. We're learning about science right now
Good job, son. I'm proud of you
Uh-oh
That was a hit. I was dodging
Damn
I'm panic dodging mass off
Damn, I was too overpowered
Only one death
The power of preparation
Oh
My god
The power of runes
That's just giving us 20 subs
Slamming us directly through that eight hour debate goal
That
is truly wild
Oops, I did that that alert doesn't work here, but uh, I was gonna trigger the good job alert
That's a crazy map. Can I even trigger this one? No, I can't
Uh, thank you so much
truly
Insane support coming from tamtran
One of the original lords of the moon
You just empowered the moon with 20 subs tamtran
Restoring
moon order
To the lands of moon
I'm naming it all moon now. Just so you know
I picked up on that tamtran. Thank you so much. What a birthday
And we got god rick's great rune
We're truly feeling the elden powers now
Yeah grafting was no match for grayface
or tamtrans
Houghton support
All right, we'll sick. I think we can um
Probably go till seven and then I'm gonna stop so maybe if we're lucky we can
Sort of get that quest going
It's kind of the
Final goal of all of this
What are you doing me I picked up on that
Oh, I can buy stuff from them great. I'm good. We can buy things
Okay, I don't think I need any of this
Attempt invasion. Oh, maybe I should get
I think I can also level up more
Tamtran, thank you again and thank you all for the uh tremendous amount of birthday subs propelling us
Through this the eight hour debate stream goal
So quickly
So powerfully quickly
40 arcane the debate will soon
Be eight anybody else in here want to chat?
Try monarch. Maybe I will
Did crumb make the jump to elden ring?
Um
Did he he might have bathed in the glorious gold of crumb
I guess I can I guess I can let him hang out for a minute
Yeah, let me chill. I'm pretty good at this game too
I'm I'm a gamer. I know the power of runes
I've studied some ancient texts
That's I'm not in the shadows. I was just
You know, I'm hanging out in the
Um in the round table hold
As a holder of several runes they let me do that kind of thing
Where are you supposed to go now? Here's my question
this way
Yeah, yeah this way
Debate the hot sensate spin-off we need
I'm I'm linked with eight other crumbs. We're constantly having
mentally erotic
Psychic experiences
I could I could live with that a bunch of beautiful crumbs born on the same day like me in case
I would just like to point out he's born on apparently july 10th. It's just crazy to say we're born on the same day
We're essentially but they're both 10s. We're both perfect 10s
Okay, we made it look at the beautiful
And and the whole world opened up open jump for us. Wow
Truly an incredible vista
The case kind of jumped straight ahead to this area. So he spoiled it
learning your lakes
Go back to the round table hold where I'm hanging out
Now we're official members of the hold. That's true
We're hold members now. What's up? You impressed?
You impressed
Yeah, do that. Tell me that you're impressed
Oh, yeah, I gotta go talk to these fingers
What's up? You blown away by me
Of the fingers envoys to the greater will
That looks like maybe not the best job
The fingers tremble to welcome you shard bear
Let their wisdom wash over you
Great loot of the golden order
Anchor of all lands
Giver of grace until it was the tragic corruption of across the realm
Life lies in ruin foul curses
And miss but the greater will has not abandoned the realm
Nor the life that inhabits sources that the tarnished are brave tarnished
Your great room is a handsome shard of the elden ring
Seek another of its kind
I know I think you're too about a nice handsome shard
Okay, what do you want me to do fingers? I'm a good listener. I've studied ap latin
Doesn't have much to say
Not to him. Let's fuck up this guy's books again
Boom. Hope you remember that knowledge dude. What's up?
I bid you well. I am known as as a tarnished to be high. I'm a you now belong to a select
What else you'll be after more than as you're the inheritors of the we of the realm god rick the graft general rodin
Who fought millenia and her rot to a straighter rye card
Lord of the volcano manner of mount gellar. I've been there more got the grace given
veiled monarchy and renala queen of the full you'll still be after more great
Yeah, yeah, I'm probably gonna get all those do so, you know
I'm kind of cool. I'm kind of nasty with runes
And I think that's all we had to do
to then
Rose church is where we're going. I think hopefully
You can talk to our guy
The thing I don't quite remember how to do is you have to teleport back to the starting area
I don't quite remember how to do that
Yeah, they do have some weird names
It would be nice if they just threw through steven there and he doesn't even have like a surname or a title
Like millenia rock born
God rick the grafted lord of all that is golden
and steve
he's actually
He's got a house
It's not god. It's him. I do him first
albin oryx
Not more plant enemies
Yep that up
There he is
You are the keeper of leveling up
You claimed a great room and had what sure did was your
They seemed like bullshit
Your intuition serves you well my doubts the words of the two things truly not
I believe
That when the elder ring was shattered even worse
The fingers harbor no love for our kind sounds right, dude. That's the part that irks the most
Yeah, what else I have a gift
Yay, I'm jumping for joy
And if it please you I have high hopes
All right, I think we got to invade somebody
Oh the four bell freeze and I just have to pick the right bell free
Or look it up
We got to invade people and I think we can lose
But we then we have to lose a bunch of times possibly
Near and far I'll go anywhere
I simply love to kill
You gonna let me please
Please let me invade
Also, thanks for all the suggestions cat spa
it's uh
Various people have been filling me in on
Actual way to play this game always very appreciated
Damn
I don't know if I'm if there's anybody around
Like a lot of people are probably playing this right now
Just to get ready for the expansion
Maybe I'm not in the right level range to
Find anyone. Oh, oh, it's flashing
No, let me add um
I wonder if there's anywhere I should go that would up my chances
My thought process was people doing this quest
Probably just do it right here
Yeah, now we're talking
If you thought I died fast to
Non-player characters
Hold my beer man, I'll take care of this don't even stretch dog
I'll take care of the host fingers
A bit of a finger master
My hand games been on point for years
Where you at man? Oh, she got away
Did that count did that count as a win for me?
Crumb you were so slow
That was useless
Goddamn it
I just have to use another one now and wait
Should do nearby only
I don't even know
Yeah, I think letting crumb do that was the mistake
I can't help it if they're scared of my my nasty game
If I that at my game
What I need to close this magical golden portal portal to crumb
But that only took a couple minutes and we found some poor nude person that was running away from us
Who probably would have still beaten me doing some original halo moves here
Getting ready for my
PvP experience
Whoo
Kind of sucks though that um it just eats up one of those fingers when somebody runs away from you
Yeah, training
Look at this weirdo just overlooking me. Come on game. Give me someone to fight
Give me somebody to fight
It's thinking about it
It's not thinking too hard will it do it
Attempting it's still attempting. Just give me a chance, man. Let me get in there
Let me get in there, man
I'm sorry that I blew it last time I can do better
Crumb thinks you can do better
I just don't know about that
I guess I could just run around and do something else while I wait for this
Invasion to never happen
I've watched so many souls lore videos
And I've absorbed
10% of it into my larger memory
Maybe I gotta stay active or the game
It doesn't try that hard for me
Got to run around killing things
Like this annoying albinoric
Who do you think you are?
Okay, I feel a little bad
Damn, they really scream
Still thinking about it. Oh my gosh, man
My main newsrooms effects are still on I apologize. They won't do anything over here
I don't remember to set up various auto off switches
Healed a bunch of them for no reason
And we really lost out on our shot with that one lady dying
They're running away from us
Very
It was a mistake
Got him
Geez
He was kind of tough
Well, we cleaned up our local church at least while waiting
I don't know. I don't know if it's gonna invade if there's anybody around
I wish I knew if it made a difference. Maybe I need to pick nearby or something
Maybe somehow that's better
It seems like both would probably
Give you better chances
Trying is trying is trying
Ooh, blood flame blade
And more sad pilgrims for me to kill
How dare you fight back?
Ooh, good shot
Sort of just bullying the locals
I think I have to give up soon
I wonder when I can do this and have it work though
There might be some way to do it that doesn't involve invading people
And yeah, crumb does kind of look like an albinoric or however you say that
Albinaric?
He's invading someone
Oh my god, I'm gonna die
There are specific popular PVP areas
Do you happen to know where any of them are, Reverie?
Because I should probably just go to one
I mean, I guess we can just look it up
Like, should I go to one of those coliseums? Would that even count?
Yeah, I mean, that's the only time I've done PVP as well
Let me look it up
While we wait
Um, best place
To invade
Albinaric
They added a guy you can invade at the
Wrathblade Ruins
Yeah, I'm not the hugest PVP guy either
Best Invasion spot
This is from two years ago though
Is there anything more recent?
The past year
Places to invade, okay
Select near and far it puts me wherever there is a host in my range
No matter what area I use the finger
Been doing this with my RL 25 plus one and it's instant
What the hell is an RL 25?
I've been doing RL 125 summon signs active anywhere
Is they're saying Brace of the Halyg Tree? I don't even have that area
Maybe I'm just at a weird level
Let me look up this Wrathblade Ruins thing
Wrathblade Ruins Invasion
Location of NPC
Invasion
Uh-oh, it's a moat Gelmer
Oh, man
Wrathblade Ruins I technically can get here actually
A little crazy that I have to do that
I think I can get there at least maybe I have to be able to
Maybe I have to be
Into the actual capital to do it though. I don't know
It's basically telling me that it's
Like uh
There's the volcano man. I have no idea honestly
It's like between
You can get the lift medallion already
It's like it's like
Tear-ish
I'm sure it'd be nice if they just let me invade anyone
But I'm starting to feel like they aren't it's not gonna happen
So I maybe I should just teleport up here
Throw down another one and hope for the best
The level could be the problem. Yeah, I think it is
I think if I was a higher level of people who are into PvP
Would all be around 125 ish
Does that turn off? I think it does
I really there's certain systems in this game where I'm like that's just not very well made
And I do think the whole PvP system has a bit of that feeling to me
But I know some people really like it so because like hiding a quest behind a mechanic that
Just eventually kind of won't work is is a bit of a weird choice
Yeah, it's like super clunky. It's kind of charming
but
Sometimes it's it's like a it's a bit much
for my taste
in-game design
Also, though, who cares? So I don't know if it's exactly there
Looking for like the something or other ruins
the wraith blood ruins
Do I know where the
What the fuck?
Oh, I should get this first
That would probably help me
Maybe I should just get good and be at level 125 already
Oh, look it's our guy
What's up, man? I just saw you
Look who we have here. How delightful to meet a familiar face
Even after departing the round table. I've been doing some learning of my own and we'll happily pass it to
Great. Let me buy more of your stuff
Yeah, give me that someday I'll buy that
I'm yet to find the noble gold mask
I suppose he'll be closer to the earth tree
The path ahead might be perilous
But since departing the round table hold I've come to understand how little it is
We got to get good zikor
May the golden order shine through you
It's a life lesson
If we would all just get good at life the world would be a paradise
It is still attempting to invade so that's exciting
Okay, there's one map done
All right, so it's actually more like up
Uh, it's more like here a squirrel
I even fall down here without dying
I think I can
Wee
Oh boy disease dogs
Hooray some diseased animals
What's going on here? Oh boy
Not today my friend. What's up wolf west of the big tree? Thanks cats
Oh, if I really want to have a good time I can just go do this scarlet rot castle
Um, I think I have to get up
I even can who was that
Sleep potion
I might luck out and just at any moment. I could invade another world
Yeah, I'm in support of uh, this joe hansons lawsuit
Although honestly
If I were more popular I could easily get like
Sued by joe rogan probably
But open ai isn't even trying to do like
You couldn't even argue that they're trying to do parody with her voice. They were just straight up
Using it. I guess if you find an actor with a similar voice and then rip her voice
I don't know. It's it's definitely weird though. All right. I found that
Huh
It's closer to here. It's I think of these guys
That's true. It probably would
At least get me some attention if uh
He mentioned
Some fucking guy was using my voice
Do a thing and sued me but I think honestly
It's too. I think it's too dumb
For I would imagine it's too dumb for it for
Him to really get that mad at but you never know. I don't think I'll ever see it
So it's probably not an issue fortunately. Look at this stuff
That's just great
Okay, so how do I how do I invade him once I'm here?
The power of youtube tell me
I'm at the ruins. That's true. I could send it to him
Say it's a loving parody
Ignore the tone of actual disgust at you. Oh boy. These guys will kill me actually. How do I invade this?
Sorry, I'm also watching a video of a guy trying to do an invasion
Just to figure out
Okay, there's like a oh, there's like a sparkling
Right, I get it
You have to go find like a special blood stain
Jamie's journey to rogans
Yeah, maybe to be like this is the show I always dreamed of doing
Let's go through so many likes for me when I found out the dude who hosted Fear Factor called fights
I was like what and now here we are two decades later. He he is dumb in a way that I um
I find relatable honestly
I mean less relatable the more famous and powerful he gets but he's like
an avatar of a particular type of
I don't even know how to describe it like confident
Overtrusting of the things he's um predisposed to believe in
kind of guy
In a way that sometimes is sort of almost charming. But then you know
He goes too deep into the hole and he just
Comes out the other side being like you need to stop trans people for ruining sports. And I don't know
It's like just shut the fuck up forever
But you know, there's a reason he's
Popular in the space he is popular
Instead of a million other blowhardy podcast hosts as a blowhardy occasional podcast host myself
There are certain things he does well for sure
It's not usually malicious. It just ventures into malicious spaces and also he does
He has a lot of guys on that. He just blanketly agrees with that are very often people
Oh my gosh
I've never really um
Hurt him call fights. So I don't I don't know about that. He's not the worst stand-up in the world. I mean, he's definitely not
I don't think I would put him on the list of the guys that he that he put himself on
But he's not like
Like he's definitely I usually measure if a stand-up is good not by my particular
taste or distaste for them
um, oh Jesus
this thing blocking my
But anyway, if they
If they work for an audience and
I mean at this point he's so famous. He's gonna just work for an audience, but
He certainly has done a lot of stand-up
And he's been successful at it
Do commentary provide personality. I don't know if this is even the right spot. Oh, Jesus. All right, whoo, annoying
Where is the fucking blood thing I need to find?
Stayed the course and it worked. Yeah
All right, maybe I just need to watch where this person goes
I wonder if I have to unlock this somehow
Or maybe I can't find it while I'm trying to invade
I feel like it
Should be there or maybe it's over here. No, this doesn't look right
Or here. Oh, here it is
There it is
Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's invade the beast claw
Okay, well, maybe this will do it for us. Oh god. He's already there
I take it back, sir. I take it all back
I'm a man of peace now
Oh, those are some beast claws
Got him
Take that
Spam projectiles like it's
Street fighter player
Did I even get what I needed to get?
I don't know if that counted though for what I needed to do
I guess let's talk to the guy
We invaded somebody did that count
You may have to do it some lot. Maybe there's is there more than one
I feel like you have to get some kind of
Thing but maybe you don't
Like a bloody pustule and then you show him you're like, see
I got this nasty sack of blood for you
I have to invade three times. Okay
So maybe there's other locations
But what if they
Maybe I already did it actually
Um anoint me daddy. Yes, who would have it any other way at me? I love this way
Take this for your final trial
Soak the normally this ritual would involve killing ones. Oh, but since you are made in
Okay, great. Let's just look up how to get back to the start
And then we're we've done it
How to get I know it's the bell freeze, but I just need to see which one
Get back to the starting area
Show me what I need youtube
Hello, everyone. Johnny here came here Johnny's here shows.com
And today we're going to go over how to get back to the starter area
That place where you die in elden ring
Let's get started. All right. So you're gonna. There's one of the frenzy flame village to the north of the castle
And you're gonna need to open the chest that is over on this pillar
It's the the four bell freeze. It's the place that you're trying to go right here
There you go
All right, and then shit. How do I get up there though go over to this pillar?
Well, you're gonna have to climb up from the bottom
But once you get up here grab that open that chest and I get there from here
Like a stone word key, but a special one and you use it down here
I think I can also get to the frenzy flame village
Take this portal and that will transport you back to the spot where you started
I do think I have a stone key on me actually
There's also some new items there. So be sure to get those as well
But there you go. That'll do it for me. If you like which song got what you needed
Yes, I don't like comment subscribe. See you guys in the next video. There you gators
Shit, do I not?
Um, I might not have a stone key
Did you know that when you get this boss below around that now vati video that this can
Put it here you might have the elevator medallion already. I mean I have the altus plateau medallion
But I think you need a stone key or something
Looks like I don't have those
Let me look at frenzy flame village maiden blood and see if I can just get it there
frenzy flame village maiden
vikes maiden's blood. How crazy is that?
What you reached?
Where is it dude?
Looks like there might be a teleporter by it now
You got my betting ads for my fantasy league?
Plus 500. I think it should be
Should be better than that
It's plus 500 bad
I kind of don't know
Plus 250. Okay
I'll just tell them um
I'm better than this
I quit
You're my enemies now
All right, it's around here. Where is the frenzy? This guy's video is not very good
I also have to look up vikes maiden because I don't know if this is
Vikes maiden blood
Where to find maiden blood for far?
Okay, my apologies maiden blood. It's it's a little far
But it's still really easy
And you can still be level one to do this as long as you have your horse, of course
So anyway, that was me showing you the path I'm going to take
You have to fight vike. She's a dead npc. Okay
We're just gonna go across the lake
Church
Going to take from the rose church. This is the path I'll be taking to get there
I have a variant of the beginner ones. I think I can teleport a little closer
Same tower at the ending of the game forward pass this
Turn to the right side of grace you can save
And you should save because you might come here later as long as you have your
Okay, church of inhibition
It's like that's
here ish
This also looks like a cliff, but maybe we can get there anyway from here
You also have to kill the frenzied worshipers on the way. That's fine
Eventually we need to go here. I think to get our science eyes, so
We have to go over here eventually. Anyway, the right one all the way up there. Uh-oh
Oh god
Dude such assholes. I swear. I'm not sure
There's like an easy way up from here, but it feels like
We need to come from all the way over here
No, we'll just try
Maybe we'll luck out. There's a big hill somewhere
Yeah, this this might be right
If not, I can just
Oh god
Loco puppet. Thank you for the 17 months
Yeah, this seems right. It's going off
There's frenzied rats
I appreciate it 17 months
It's incredible. Oh god. Okay. I'm definitely on the right path
You might have noticed the eye of crazy sauron up there. What the fuck?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can kill this thing. I think
Should I kill it?
What do you do? You just climb this tower or something? It'd probably be good for me to oh gosh
No, I'm gonna go crazy
Oh, I died
Well, at least we know that there's a way up there
Um
Once you kill the npcs, it doesn't respawn. So do I just need to kill those rats?
Oh, just go to the top of the tower
The giant rats are real
Yeah, I probably should have just popped off and flopped the rats
You've seen rats the size of a small pony
Like this guy
I've never seen a rat that big
And I hope I never do
Unless it was friendly
Like a new york um pizza rat
Samurai pizza rat are going in right some rats dead all rats dead
Up we go
We're gonna kill this outer god with a sword
It's actually a dagger
You fuckers stop this
Oh god, why am I targeting this one? Oh no
God damn it. I didn't even notice
I couldn't lock on to these guys
Oh, that's so annoying
The whiffs were brutal
I kept I kept trying a lot. I'm just not gonna lock on this time. I guess
What did I where was I collecting madness and not noticing or did it just madness me all at once?
Frickin whiffs
Yeah, sorry for all of your monster ratten covers uncle fell
They're just splinters
They were just trying to teach you kung fu
It's gotta give them a chance
All right, this time
We must be accurate with our blade
I like the frenzied flames music
Okay, we're gonna just ignore these rats. No for the best
Yeah, we climb climb you fools
Oh, yeah, that's a climber right there
That's all right. These bastards gotta go
Just up here summoning a doom flame
Not cool Jen
Oh, we don't have time for this dude. Oh, okay
Damn, what would really convenient if that gave me the eyes?
Holy shit
That was a huge disturbing rat, dude. I'm sorry
Okay, so that thing should be dead
Yeah, it really doesn't respawn
Maybe I never killed it in my game
Oh the Howl of Shibiri
That's not the eyes, right?
It is. Oh, so we just science our eyes
We're in the money now
This plateau is our oyster
Do I need a seal to use that?
The howl's a screen that puts enemies to sleep. Okay
Frenzied burst is the eyes I see
Oh fuck what? Why am I not?
Why am I so confused? All right, first of all, I gotta get rid of this other
Marker
Where do I even have another marker?
I guess I don't get rid of it
I need to go further up
You know, I should actually really find the grace up here
Wherever there is one
Because I do need to come back here. I think to get the frenzied burst maybe
Is there a grace in here?
Converted inch tower. All right
Not a grace
I guess at least we know what it is
Frenzied sun will not respawn. That's good news
There is a grace. Okay. That makes me feel better
Yeah, I think you're supposed to be
In this church
Let's go ahead and heal up
A whole village of madness
Perfect
Hello crazy friends
I guess there wasn't a good way through there
Oh that way
This is wherever I put the other marker. Okay
What's back here?
Oh god
Really thought I could just grab that
Really?
Is that even good?
How the fuck do I get to this goddamn church?
I don't think I want to go down there
Up on this
There's our frenzied village
Yeah, like need to get up there
First was in view a second ago. Well, I mean there's that that thing, but I don't think
I'm not trying to get um
Here I'm trying to get here
At least that's
What this youtuber is claiming
Through the west, yeah
I just don't know how to get past this rock up onto it
Like, you know, this takes me I think down unless it doesn't
The other way is up
Okay, I'm just gonna watch a video. I'm afraid that uh just with a delay. It's too confusing
I have the beginner ones
But this one does not have a bell
You're not gonna be uh everything. There's it's the same tower at the ending of the game
So just avoid it
At all costs if you have anything to reduce madness. Good job. Here's the next boost
Forward continue straightforward
Pass this
Turn to the right side of grace you can save
We're gonna go through the village. Okay, so it was through the village jump on on top this path
And there's gonna be a mini boss here
I don't know if you have to kill him. I did. Okay, so it was just through the village
Oh, you're fine. I just uh, I don't want to make you have to type directions and then I'm already
I've changed directions three times
What's up, man?
You look stressed
Lord vike it seems that you are no lord after all
Whereas he our true lord our lord of frenzied flame
We beg you increase all the divides and distinguishes all that divides and distinguishes all the dividends
I may chaos take the world. Hmm. Well, that's
That's a philosophy. I guess it's time to get invaded
Yeah, I'm gonna hope that he doesn't have strong projectiles and then I can spam him a little bit
He's frenzied. All right. Whoa. That's what I want to do
Oh, you can heal too
Nice trick. I can heal twice as much as you. Oh boy. Got him
You didn't count on me being even cheaper than you did you and did you so-called frenzied lord
Fingerprint grape perfect a fingerprint grape
bikes war spear nice
Yeah, I know he's huge in the lore
He could have been held in lord instead he got graped
Hmm. I've heard his spear is good too, and I've never used it in one of my playthroughs
Watch the grace
Okay
Got him
And I think just like that we can end off today in mogs
Level up zone. I might do a little leveling off stream because I don't think it will be too exciting
But we'll see
Not like the exhilarating content of me stumbling around trying to figure out where to go
Okay
I think this is the last step
He sold out to the frenzy flame because he boned dragons and went mad. I wish that they described the lore that way
Oh, you're talking about vine
They showed out to the frenzied flame because he bowed dragons and went mad
Anyway, that's all we're gonna tell you about him
We're horse riders
Oh my god. I'm headed the wrong way
Straight up headed the other direction back towards the other waypoint. Whoops
That's why I gotta delete those things when I'm done with them. There we go. Okay. Have a good night uncle phil
Yes, if it with my horse brain, I will run in the other direction
So I try to run through them if I can so I don't have to open my mouth and do it
But I get distracted
We're so close
He's putting in all the hardcore work
You've completed and with this a knight who will assist luminary mog the lord of blood now
This noble blood will be an immutable badge of honor once it settles
Yeah, settle some blood inside me, but it feels good
Oh good heavens
Cleanse your teeth or something
Like the idea of someone is holding your hand
Blood finger forget that feeling after it is what binds you
You have the sweetest scream
I think I allied with the good guys
I love how if you don't talk to him the second time you just miss the whole reason for doing this
Yeah, dude, I'm just gonna go behind the church, but thanks for everything man. I'll just be back here
Not using that thing you gave me
But oh no, I accidentally oh no
All of our work has led to this
Okay, I should probably look up well or I could just stumble around
Kind of remember being confused by where the site of grace is down here
Unless it's like right around here. I think most of the enemies around here will oh good. I found it. I found a map
Most the enemies around here will probably kill me
Magwin
Grace
Show me the power of cheating
Alice approach ledge road. I think that's what we want
Yeah, I think
I think we want the one that's around like here because that's what we're going to use to level up
I guess I just ride around
And I try to get up here
Or should I go into the building
to try to get
But grace
Maybe that's safer. I don't want to fight the boss
yet, but I do think it would be good to get
A bonfire. Okay. Good. Yeah, there's one. Yeah. Yeah, there's another grace in the corner of the map
And that's the one we're going to use to level up a bunch
in a process they call
Spam killing sleeping albinorex
Anyway, now if we die, I guess we at least started a great
What?
Oh my
Okay, we're just gonna
Act like we didn't see that
This seems like a good cult
I think we joined the good guys
Oh god, if I had to guess we're on the right side of history
Yeah, I think it's right up here. Oh my god
This is the sleepy albinorex that we love to kill
Yep. Okay. This is this is basically oops
I rested until morning
Just was such a nice ambiance. He fell right asleep
So anyway, this is basically
There's another way to level around here pretty quickly
But
All these guys give you 2000 experience. Most of them are asleep
Not these guys. These guys are a little annoying
Because they do that
But you can kill them like that
Anyway, you level up pretty fast
We're making big brain moves now
Do there
Light me
Not like that
Oh
No, don't do that guys
You're supposed to be asleep
He's such an acrobat
The stronger I got the uh
Hopefully simpler this is to just slaughter people
If I really want to
I could respec into a thing where you just
Wake up and then shoot a big shockwave and kill all of them and then immediately rest
And then you just respec your build basically when you're done leveling up
But I'll probably just do it this crying the ass away
Anyway, that's basically all you do
Just kill all the lazy albinorex
End or
I just don't get why they're so depressed. The world seems fine
So that got us 40 000 xp
Relatively quickly
Um, the bird always felt faster. This felt a little more active. Yeah, the bird just is a little finicky in a way
that I find kind of frustrating but
Just because we're here try it at least once
You there bird
I strike true
Did not
Oh this thing has ranged
Or it doesn't
I think there's a specific place you shoot to hit it
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so he gets pissed
He just runs straight off the cliff
I think the bird is technically faster because it's just 13 000
And you can you can like shoot it and then just immediately run back here to rest and you just
For instance repeat that
So anyway, this is how not to play elton ring the correct way
Because you just come straight here and then do that for like two hours until your level 100
But we'll do that so we can just play the expansion
So arcane 40
Yeah, I can use I can use some foul feet
Although, you know you run out of those eventually
Also, I think do you lose the effect when you rest you might
um
I should look up what numbers to get these two. A lot of people get arcane. I think to 70
But maybe I'd be better off getting
Arcane to 40 then vigor to 40
And then do faith or something
Like at some point I want to increase endurance a little bit too. I should look it up probably
But I don't think I can go wrong by leveling those two at least
Okay, sick
And that's all the elting we need to do today
I'll spare you guys some of the grindier leveling I might do
Maybe next time we play we'll run around and beat more of the actual game
After I've done some uh
Off-camera leveling
Great, we did it. We have elden
We're gonna be so sky inst. It's gonna be nuts
Okay
Do do
Equate let's put on some elden ring trap beats and get out of here
Surely if I type elden ring trap beat into youtube, it'll give me something
Oh have no fear
Of course, there's an elden ring trap beat on youtube
All right, let's see who's on
Let's raid not sage. She does a podcast with candle. You might know her from no pixels
Or pixel circus. Sorry
Um
Looks like she's
making good tv
She's making some good tv
Finally
What's that?
I don't know. She is just chatting. Oh wait. She just got off. Never mind. Damn. She literally nothing just stopped
Oh, no, she didn't
She's still
Raid not
Say um hi from case and kendall probably include kendall so she knows
It's just so she knows we're not total strangers
Probably less familiar with the creamies
Uh, thank you for the birthday. Wish is everybody thinking for the wild amount of birthday support
Also, if gene is on feel free to check out genea
Uh, great seeing you all I will I think be back tomorrow
I might stream a little later today because uh kendall has something to do tomorrow night
So I might do more like four o'clock
Although the goal is still to someday stream a bit more consistently
at 12 30
Stream at night
at a light of the
Of the guess what?
The moon. Yeah good guess
We'll guide you
And I now we guide you to not sage who's making good tv
Enjoy the good tv with not sage
Thank you for the birthday wishes to the moon. The moon wishes you happy birthday right back
And we'll see you soon. Bye everyone
Now I get nasty on this beat
I'll freak between the sheets
The moon in the streets