I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Six, five, four, three, two, one.
Happy June, 10th everybody.
The news takes no days off except all the other days I don't work.
But today I actually kind of have less work so I can do this work and also kennels at a time.
So we're here, you know?
No.
Papito doesn't know but that's okay.
Good to see everybody.
Greg T.U., Jay Money, Ivan Sleazy, Stormburn, Boulevard Trask.
We're doing a pyramid.
I mean conspiracy time?
Conspiracy time, yeah. Let's see what we got.
Excuse me, there is a multiverse of crumbs from life in Sleazy.
Multiverses could be real.
Possible.
Why'd you say it like that?
I don't know.
Anything is possible.
Are you trying to be cute?
No, absolutely not.
Cats were in here earlier but they left just in time for me to set the stream up.
Guy has to do a deep dive.
Not sure what that means in the context of him but he'll try.
He always tries, believe it or not.
Ray Silver, you're the new top clipper, number one clipper.
The biggest clippers fan ever.
Wait and go.
Are we ever going to get therapy?
We did do it yesterday actually.
I mean Tuesday.
We did do therapy on Tuesday.
It was sort of odd though because Peter did it.
We also are going into the wall at some point soon.
But I'm making it, the wall is making it more complicated than I thought.
It's a deep wall.
Have you been in the wall?
I don't wander into the wall sometimes.
I've been told I'm one of the few that goes in and out.
They say that nothing can contain me.
Oh, is it weird in there?
Yeah.
How weird?
Really?
Oh.
It's really weird in there.
Get a padded suit?
Maybe I'll make somebody else go in on my behalf.
Maybe I'll get a, who do we never use?
I'll get that weird serial killer guy to do it.
Ed?
Yeah, I'll get Ed to do it.
I don't think anybody wants that.
That's true.
I'll get somebody else to do it.
Oh baby.
Yeah, Eddie.
Eddie it is.
No, I'll do someone else.
A test from me.
It smells like dead crumb in here.
Yes.
Crumb has gone missing.
We saw a big chunk of him go missing from his neck.
Who knows how he's doing?
Much has not left the studio from what I can tell.
My monitors are suggesting.
You actually look at the monitors?
I buy both the monitors.
And right now they're suggesting I don't think he's left the studio.
You know, we do actually have a lingering debate about poop or something.
Or farts.
We have one of our usual debates lined up that,
so we have to have him do that today.
It's in his contract that if a debate is demanded, he's got to do it.
And crumb has to do it too.
So figure it out, Munch.
What's he gonna figure out?
How to tape a head back together?
Ooh.
His body is gone or is he still standing there?
That's true.
He never fell over.
Can we confirm that he's even dead if the body never fell over?
I mean, to me the confirmation was when his head went boom when it was gone.
Hmm.
Cyclo, thank you.
It is time.
It is about time for that.
In fact, let's not delay our daily news, semi-daily news, uh, torture.
Let's say torture you all with the news of the day.
Let's do a little bit of news.
Back on your screens again.
By popular demand immediately returning.
One of the realest news ones to do it.
Me.
Gianna Wetmichael.
What?
I'm sorry, everyone.
For what?
For having someone here that actually knows what they're talking about?
We've been through enough.
We recently lost debatably a friend.
Ooh.
Are you familiar with Leonard Crumb?
The mayor?
Yeah, are you Leonard Crumb?
Why do I keep getting ash that?
Gianna Wetmichael.
Well-known news correspondent extraordinaire.
I've appeared on such network such- oh, and then, and then, and then.
It's a lot of ends.
And Newsmick.
Sorry, you say Newsmick?
Newsmicks.
How do you spell mix there?
Let's get into the news of the day.
It's still war news.
No way to clean that up.
It's war time.
But we can do a general check-in with all the exciting things happening in the world.
There's a lot going on.
And the biggest thing is everybody's in agreement.
We might go to war in two weeks.
And why X is happening?
It could be it.
Look, if you don't know where Newsmicks is, then maybe it's not for you.
Is it on a rumble?
Exclusively on rumble?
It's exclusively on Newsmicks.max.
Okay, well, I guess you told us.
Look, everybody's talking about thirsting for diplomacy, thirsting for bombing.
But the thing is you got to take your time with this stuff and know what you're doing.
But the thing is you got to take your time with this stuff and even though I'm on the record as occasionally disagreeing with the president,
Doorbell.
There was just a doorbell one second.
One second.
It's so hard to do the news with all these doorbells going on.
It was standards of practices.
They said to stop.
Just stop doing all of it.
So, really?
No, no, they don't give a shit what I do.
Oh, because we're on my own Twitch channel.
Can we talk about the news please?
If you want.
If you really want.
All right.
Sorry, I got to open a.
I got to open a story for you to read, don't I?
Mostly what we do here is read, Gianna.
I'm aware of how the news works.
The news is about reading hooked on news phonics.
Did they congratulate you for getting rid of crumb?
Who everyone.
What happened?
You got to watch the show when you're not on it.
Absolutely not.
I'm busy.
Well, then nothing happened.
Everything is fine.
Nothing untoward ever happens on this network.
It's all very above board suspicious.
Splattered crumb still looks better than the wallpaper.
Geez, card King.
What the wallpaper in here?
I thought it was that wallpaper behind us.
I thought that was the city of Los Angeles.
Am I being lied to?
You're in LA, I swear.
You should know that you came into the studio.
Listen, I don't believe things that I don't see except the word of God,
which I do see when I close my eyes.
Can we have splattered crumb for wallpaper?
I don't think that could kind of conflict with some of Kendall's design choices.
Is it because it's Asian?
I don't even think it's that Asian.
What are we talking about?
Sorry, you're not watching the stream regularly enough to get all these references.
Who would?
Okay, that's a fair question.
Listen, we've got to talk about the two weeks.
Don't speak for me.
Two weeks notice, okay?
Trump's time.
Trump to decide on US action in Israel or ran conflict within two weeks.
The news comes 24 hours after Trump said he had not made up his mind on joining the conflict,
asked what the message was for everyday Trump supporters who have concerns about US involvement.
Levitt said to trust in President Trump.
And look, I'm on the record.
I have disagreements with the president.
You say that a lot before agreeing with him.
In this case, the US for too long has had the kid gloves on when it comes to bombing Iran.
What do the kid gloves look like?
Not bombing them enough.
And finally, and everybody's got their opinion about this, but the fact of the matter is,
we've got to bomb them.
How is that the fact of the matter?
We just got to do it.
We've tried not bombing them for years.
That's not even entirely true.
We've barely bombed them for years.
And the time has come to try doing that.
You know, there's been a lot of conversation.
I feel about people not having enough expertise to talk about this.
But I got to say, I'm not really feeling the expertise here.
Gianna called me Miss Wet Mitchell.
And for the last time, I just can't bring myself to call you that.
I'm the ghost of crumb.
Oh, only say the magic word and I will come back.
Just let's be careful about what words we say in case we accidentally say the magic one.
Trump found deciding his heart.
TikTok banned delayed and war delayed same day.
That's the thing about all of these two weeks notice, 30 days notice.
We'll revisit it in 30 days.
We've said this on this network several times.
You say things here?
We say occasionally we make statements.
And one of them is it seems like the president's unofficial policy is put everything on a 30-day timer.
My theory is because at his heart, he's a landlord.
So he really only understands things in 30 day rent is due increments.
But this is half that.
This is when he gets serious and he says half of 30 days.
I'll have a decision until in two weeks.
He pushes it two weeks.
Although it really feels like the decision has already been made for us to completely support Israel,
at least as far as the presidential administration is concerned.
So 30 days notice to continue doing what we'll be doing over those 30 days is kind of how I feel about it.
Or 15 day notice I guess.
Did you see the story of the Atari 2600 that beat Chichi PT at chess?
No, but we will get there.
If it's in the cream dot team bin section where you can put stories,
then we will eventually click on those later in the stream.
Meaning I have to cover even more notes.
We only have to do this first, whatever the first segment is,
the segment where we immediately talk about depressing stories that are kind of over our head.
But eventually we'll talk about the fun stories, I swear.
Why do you put the punishment up front to really test the true bin heads?
If I don't have weirdos talk about the major events of the day, what are we even doing?
I don't know, a stream?
The cult leader needs to decide where the cult stands on war, I guess.
Yeah, there's been a lot of equivocating and hand-ringing about if certain conservative figures are splitting off to not support this war.
I am somewhat doubtful that any conservative will ultimately be against...
Well, I shouldn't say any conservative.
Any MAGA supporter, which at this point is a plurality of conservatives,
I think they will fall in line behind the president,
especially when it comes to an issue like bombing Iran,
something that has been hot on the tongue since, I don't know, the regime change in the 70s.
50 years of getting all jazzed up to bomb Iran,
I don't think they're gonna really feel that bad about it once they get the go ahead here.
They're doing the Elon Head fake, they're trying to get Donnie Dearest's attention to give them something so they fall back in line.
Yeah, all of them are basically taking this chance to attack Lindsey Graham for his support of,
particularly, egregious support of bombing, I guess, invading Iran, which is certainly a place we could get to.
I'm just not waiting for the great conservative rift here to save us from this encroaching and approaching war.
Sounds like somebody's been blackpilled.
Hey, I'm against all of this.
I just, I mean, I don't see positive things on the horizon personally.
I don't wanna act like I think that there's gonna be some incredible off-ramp here.
Hello, MSG. You know what? I'll say hi to the viewers. Nope. I've taken over as viewership greeter.
Hello, MSG. Listen to my voice. It's great to see you.
Oh, geez. You're fired up today at least. Some of us actually bring a little bit of energy to this.
Oh, what's wrong? Nothing. I'm just yawning. That's how you yawn.
Do you wanna just read this story a little bit? I've been trying to.
Asked what the message was for everyday Trump supporters. This is coming from Trump.
Every who had the concerns about U.S. involvement, Levitt said to trust in President Trump.
She added that the president's top priority is ensuring that Iran does not successfully construct a nuclear weapon.
Okay? Can we at least get on board with Iran not having a nuke?
I think the majority of Americans can get on board with Iran not having a nuke.
I think when you ask your average person, should ex-country have a nuke, their response is probably gonna be no.
Some for bloodthirsty reasons, some because nukes just seem kinda scary and terrible, and it'd be better if none of us had nukes.
I don't really want any country including us to have a nuke, but I can see why Iran would want one at this point.
Any plans for bin collaborate with the Nef News Network as hosted by Will Nef?
What's the Nef News Network? Is that a thing? Keep up with what your friends are doing, case!
Nef News Network. I'm just gonna Google that.
What is Will Nef getting into this news game?
Is he gonna start Asmongolding it? But hopefully on the other end of the political spectrum.
Hopefully? Are you gushing at the politics of Will Nef? No, not really.
Well, yeah, I don't know. Hey. I'll wait for the reach out from Will before bothering him. I'll put it that way.
Will is showcasing all the news that's fit to print. Great. We need all the news people we can get.
And Will doing the news I think will reach a far broader audience than me, so...
But maybe he's doing the fun news. That would be, honestly, we probably need more fun news, Liliana.
We can have fun here. We bombed a nuclear silo. Okay, well maybe we can't have fun here.
Shirt on or off. For me? For me? Off.
But apparently the guidelines here won't let me. I would love to do the news topless.
I prefer that you didn't. I'm just saying my preference. This is one place where frankly I'm liberal. Let the nipples out!
Oh Jesus. Yeah, that's good for you, but not here please. The naked news was great.
I associate that with like the pay-per-view era of porn. But maybe I'm wrong.
Was there like a skin-a-mac style channel where they would have naked ladies read the news in the 2000s? Or am I hallucinating that?
Yup. Okay, well there you go. Naked cowboy I think is a different thing.
Look, back to this story. The press secretary, we're talking about Donald Trump. Two weeks to decide on the war. Huge deadline.
The press secretary has so far repeatedly declined to discuss hypotheticals including on whether Iranian officials could come to the White House or whether Trump would seek approval from Congress over any U.S. involvement.
There's no time for approvals. The war moves too quickly. Two weeks? I'd like to see Congress take a deep breath in two weeks.
You can't get them to agree on killing a mouse, frankly. So sorry, we've got to actually get things done in this country. Executive war!
I mean, we're making executive war decisions. It does seem to be what they want to do.
So I hope some of these congressmen and senators attempts to force basically Donald Trump to get congressional approval from to go to war. I hope that comes to fruition.
At this point again, I just doesn't feel like there's really any guardrails in place that will stop crazy as it sounds. Specifically Donald Trump from deciding what we do here.
And I also think Donald Trump is in the midst of mental decline via aging. So we're once again in the position of, I think, having a confused and listless president easily swayed by whoever's in the fucking room and particularly easily swayed by like a call from Netanyahu.
So that's why I really don't see this going anywhere good.
Will the draft dodger start a draft? I think, I doubt it. I doubt it, but again, I don't, at this point, I don't know. I think making predictions is not the wisest choice at this time in our country's history.
I think at this point, the best thing you can do is just be aware of what's happening, do what you can, and brace yourself. Brace for democracy.
Luckily, I predict most of Chad is age out. Yeah, that's very possible. I think probably if we were to pull my particular viewer bases age, although I don't actually know, there's a chance.
When do you stop being, when are you too old for the draft? Let's find that out. When are you too old for the draft? Not to call you out, Chad. It's a bunch of old heads.
US men are generally too old to draft from when they turn 26. Holy shit. 18 to 25. My God, we really do just sacrifice the young here. 40. Oh, 40? Shit.
We just got away to year. I think they start younger. I think in World War Two, the age of the draft went up and up and up, but I believe if my very unreliable memory of world events is remotely accurate, in Vietnam, it was much younger.
It was basically us feeding babies to the meat grinder. You guys have just as much expertise as Hexeth. Really?
I mean, I do. How do you even have as much expertise as Hexeth? Because of all of the reading and all of the coverage. And I've been talking about this for decades.
Talking about what? Wanting to bomb Iran. I'm specifically an expert on wanting to bomb Iran. I've wanted to do it for a long time. You personally? Look, I can't fly a plane, but I'll learn.
President Netanyahu said the USA is going to war. He did. They have been doing all they can to make sure that happens. And it does feel that way. They've been showing up on TV.
I don't even know if you could really call it manufacturing consent anymore. That's where you're wrong, Keishe. We're very much manufacturing. The consent that already exists is being bottled and served back to all of us who agree.
I just don't know. The vibe I'm getting isn't that everybody's super down for the war. I suspect, you know what, I'm sure we can find this in action.
For us old heads, which might be much of the chat, actually. All of us over 26 year olds. If you have any memory of the lead up to the Iraq war, it really feels like a copy and paste job right now.
We need regime change for this incredibly evil, dangerous, and I'm not even saying that's not true. Middle Eastern hegemonic despot administration. We got to go over there and change it to a sweet baby regime.
And it's too dangerous weapons of mass destruction. It's literally like the exact same thing. So I suspect right now we're going to get a bunch of polls. Not this one.
Well, actually, I guess this one, sure. But on a much broader scale, obviously. An exclamation point. Oh, is how you fill out this particular poll with your opinion on if you're down for war.
But I suspect the polls that the news is going to show us is that if I had to guess it's going to say Americans don't want Iranians to Iran to get a nuke. And then there's probably going to be polls that are like, we're in favor of some kind of military action to stop them from getting a nuke.
And the questions will be very specifically phrased in those angles, just like they were for the fucking Iraq war, where it was like, do you want Iraq to have weapons of mass destruction? No, do you think we should stop them from doing that? Yes.
At the same time, though, I bet if you asked Americans, do you want direct military engagement in Iran or negotiations? They will all say negotiations. And that's why all these fucking polls, in my opinion, are not useless necessarily, but mostly used as a political tool to.
Shovel whatever the administration wants on our throats. But right now it's being shoved not down our throats, but via democracy is a beautiful gorilla punch.
A gorilla punch is what your viewers want to see. And that's just another mark in the direction of no diplomacy, because we've seen, apparently, what a gorilla punch can do.
I think a gorilla punch is pretty much the policy of America right now. Is the secret word to bring back from death to munch? Guess not. Yes, that's not it.
It's what Will Neff does Mondays. Is he waiting into politics or is he doing more like, kind of more fun news? Because if he's waiting into politics, I'm just surprised.
I mean, that's probably good, but I'm surprised. The army is totally ready. Just look at that parade. Exactly. Fun news.
Fun news is probably the smarter news to cover. Only the smartest can cover the fun news, because it's very hard to find.
Literally this is a repeat of 2003 all over again. It feels that way. Let's see. Let's look up polls. Let's see.
Let's chest out the consent manufacturing going on currently.
Oh, here we go.
Poll shows GOP and Democrats are united on this key issue regarding Iran.
Okay, CNN, let's see. Let's see what that key issue is.
I think it's a complicated picture overall, but on this particular question and overall I feel like there's more support for Donald Trump's positions than his comically opposed Iran getting a nuclear weapon.
I mean, look at this. 79% of adults agree on that. They agree with Donald Trump. Iran cannot get a nuclear weapon. 83% of Republicans, 79% of independents, 79% of...
I'm laughing because I called it case.
You can get... You can bleed your heart all over the so-called airwaves, the Wi-Fi waves, but actual down home, salt to the earth Americans love seeing other countries not have nukes.
Well, again, I just think that's such a layup question. Like, do you want X country that you've been told is a terrifying, dangerous state all your life to have a nuke?
People are going to say no. It's like asking if you want South Korea to have a nuke. 99% of Americans are going to say no.
Sorry, North Korea. South Korea, I think. Does have nukes? I should really look up which countries have nukes.
More equivocation.
99% of Democrats, when you get 79% of Democrats and 83% of Republicans agreeing on anything, you know that that position is the very clear majority in this country.
Uh-huh.
The American public is with Donald Trump. They definitely oppose Iran getting nuclear weapons.
So this is a nuance here, but, you know, Trump and Netanyahu both arguing that Iran is close to being capable of making a nuclear weapon.
If that is the case, what is the feeling of Americans as to whether United States should get involved in this conflict?
Right?
This is by Donald Trump's theory of the case. And I think that's important to note. This is polling from April.
For Iran's trying to make a nuclear weapon, look at this. Overall, you get the slight plurality. I mean, it's within the margin of error,
but the slight plurality of Americans actually favor U.S. airstrikes compared to 47% of po-
It is insane. I mean, I was obviously a lot, a lot younger when the Iraq war was getting spun up and fed to us.
But this is just the exact same shit. And CNN, I think, as a network will vaguely gesture to both sides in it.
But for as long as I can remember, like the, uh, it seems like the mainstream consensus amongst Democrats and Republicans is almost always in favor of war in the fucking Middle East.
Um, like I was shocked when Biden pulled out of Afghanistan. It just seems like there's a bipartisan support for just endless conflict stoked by us in the Middle East.
So that's, that's the main reason I have so little hope for this. Not escalating just crazily.
And 48% of Americans love the idea of it escalating crazily.
Because as you just saw strong plurality marginally supports airstrikes. Again, just think about how specific that question though is, like, do you support airstrikes?
To most Americans that they've been fed the line that that's some kind of like strategic surgical surgical attack where these incredibly precision missiles are going to hit specifically the bad guys.
And we've seen exactly how that goes over the last two years. And if we're old enough, we've seen how that goes in other Middle Eastern countries.
So of course that's bullshit. But again, I bet if you fucking asked, you know, would you want America to go to war in Iran? The plurality of Americans will say no, because these polls are crazy.
They're a crazy way to try to manufacture consent. Manufacture consistency is all I'm caring about. And that's what going with the data does. Let's continue.
Now here's the other nugget I'll note, right? There's been a lot of talk online and on social media and in podcasts of a divide within the Republican ranks.
But here on this question, if Iran's trying to make a nuclear weapon, look at that 69% of Republicans, the clear vast majority of Republicans favor US airstrikes on Iran on their nuclear facilities.
But there is this substantial minority 27% who oppose such an idea. So it's not surprising you're hearing those other voices besides Donald Trump out there.
There are plenty of them in the Republican ranks who oppose striking the US striking Iran if they're trying to make a new weapon. But the clear majority, the clear majority of Republicans are with Donald Trump, if in fact Iran is trying to make nuclear weapons.
They do in fact potentially favor US airstrikes. Do Americans prefer a sort of military action here or a diplomatic solution when it comes to Iran?
Right. So you know, we're talking about you can favor one thing, but you can favor another thing more. So yes, the US, the US public plurality and the vast majority of Republicans would favor US airstrikes if Iran's trying to make a nuclear weapon.
But what do they prefer to limit the risk of Iran making nuclear weapons? The American public prefers.
Oh, well, hey, heads up to CNN for actually actually putting that last bullet in there.
14% take military action, 69% negotiate an agreement. And I think that's also really helps to underline how stupid these fucking polls are because us directly bombing Iran basically destroys our chances to negotiate an agreement, at least in the short term.
So you know, you're just you're just checking boxes based on how you feel about a question whenever they pull these things. And also we've seen how polls fucking how accurate those bad boys are over over the last several elections.
So I'm glad that they're having fun with their magic board and that this guy gets to zoom and enhance as much as he does.
I'm glad that you're not taking this seriously case, but this is how democracy actually works.
Polling people. And now you just want to throw them up because you disagree with them.
Yes. Survey says bombs are good. Well, they did literally say that it's the survey suggests we think bombing is good. And that's not crazy, because we want to live in a world without bombs owned by Iran, specifically nukes.
And the only thing that stops a nuke is other bombs. The world is complex. Then how come what you just said is so dumb? I'm glad that you're being glib and dismissive of the argument.
But some of us have to live in the real world where you blow things up until things don't blow up anymore. This is so binary and dumb. Yes.
Yes, I do agree with that. Plastic rock, paper, bombs, nukes. It's a game of rock scissors. A rock scissors.
Alright. What? Bomb nuke. Okay, missile. Interballistic missile nuke diplomacy. That's the rock, paper, scissors.
And unfortunately nuke always beats the other two and nothing beats nuke. And that's why they can't have one case. It's that simple.
This is all a proxy fight by the old gods. They're controlling this. Live in sleazy, take it easy. If you contain the secret knowledge, it is not to be spread.
I can say stuff like that because unless you've talked to them, you'll just think it's a fantasy. Sorry, what? Again, I can be upfront about my knowledge of the old gods because no one will believe it.
Can I get anyone slightly less insane to talk to? You know you can't. Hmm, that's a good point. I legitimately can't, given the structure of this network.
Okay, well hey, in other news, Donald Trump's making dick jokes, so that's kind of fun. Here we go. Now we're on to something.
Maybe the flag will be even more exciting, but this is pretty exciting. That's some equipment. I'll tell you what. Look at that.
That's some beautiful...
See, this is where we can agree, case, that this is extremely disappointing verbiage by the president and I wish that he would speak more
Eventually, this is where I will criticize him. I'm fine with him talking about dicks. I would... as long as... hey, he can literally just make the whole thing a giant penis metaphor as long as we don't go to fucking war with Iran.
He can literally put it all in terms of dicks. God, you are so juvenile. You are so juvenile, young man. I think we're the same age.
We're both disappointed in each other, yes. You weren't listening that smart. I do feel like it's actually hard to maintain your attention whenever he talks.
I don't know how he's accredited as being such like a once in a generation statesman and got into this incredibly convincing, seductive political figure.
I do think you can clip him. He has funny clips and he says like his turns of phrases can sometimes be entertaining, but... God, he talks for so long and about 30 seconds in my brain is always just like, and just I can't listen.
He's so out of his depth. Well, hey, apparently that's fine. I think it's fine if you're doing a Twitch stream. It's usually less okay.
Oh, that you're making the classic Daily Show argument. I'm just a comedian. I wouldn't even make that argument for this stream. I'm way below... I don't even have to make that argument. I'm literally just doing a Twitch stream.
Crumb back to life. Watch through bin broadcast to find out.
Uh, yeah, I mean, we'll go to Munch and Crumb soon and then we'll find out how alive Crumb is. People think he's funny and real and that's enough for them.
Yeah, I bet there will be many books written that no one will read about what exactly was going on psychologically with Americans and their ability to just be pulled completely into the cult of Donald Trump.
But it's probably something like that. I don't fucking know. I know that again, there's a lot of talk right now about how there's going to be some Republican or conservative fracture over the question of this war with Iran.
I think if things escalate towards Iran striking any US target or again our allies oil fields or even just if oil prices get too high, there will be a big shift of consent towards us doing whatever over there from for sure conservatives, but you know probably from Democrats too.
Jake Tapper is writing his book on how far gone Trump is right now. It comes out four years from now preorder if you want.
So now we're anti research. He's got to take his time to collect the facts and I'm no fan of Jake Tapper. I've had disagreements on the record with Jake Tapper.
I'm glad that you've had disagreements with everyone on the record. I've been on the record disagreeing with all sorts of stuff.
But I'll call a spade spade.
We call David spade David spade. I don't believe his last name is spade.
And I'm on the record saying that as well. Will Trump be alive? Will Jake Tapper be alive? Will any of us be alive?
Oh now who's all globin doom? I just mean you know we can't count on the future.
Trump is the man in the blue turban that Orson Welles talked about in the No Stradamus movie.
And now I need to hear this clip. The man in the blue turban.
No Stradamus. Is there a clip? Do we have a clip? Do we have a very concise clip? No I guess we don't. That's too deep for me.
Yeah it's... I'm unfamiliar with that movie as well. I was hoping maybe we could just find an easy sound clip for that one but...
There's a 12 minute clip so it's probably not worth it.
I thought Twitch was all about just watching along clips and not saying anything. Why do we have to talk so much?
That's a good point actually. I should probably do more of just watching a clip.
But we're doing our version of that with the conspiracy thing later.
Short clips. Yeah we do short clips actually. Short clips where you can't...
No one can claim that you're stealing content even though that's mostly what media is now.
Make sure you leave the room before you play the clip.
That now you're streaming! It's tempting. Start streaming correctly, case!
I live near DC, I'm going before you guys. Yeah I... I don't want to be too like...
The sky is falling and predict some kind of like bombing of the United States.
We're probably still many years off from facing the real consequences of all of the terrible things we're doing.
Like the extremely real and visceral consequences meaning us getting attacked directly but you know it's not impossible.
So we'll see. We'll see where all this heads...
We have no choice. We'll see one way or another.
Yeah! The Old Gods will demand it!
Glad that you have faith in the Old Gods.
I believe in Jesus Christ and the Kingdom of Men.
And I'm against the Old Gods and it sounds like you're not frankly.
And I think that's the real dividing line in this country.
Are you in favor of the Old Gods or are you in favor of Jesus Christ?
And you're on the Old God side my friend and you should really think about that.
Nostradamus saw it all in the man who saw tomorrow and live in Sleazy, sees all and finds clips right away.
Oh this is the 12 minute clip. Well we'll watch a little of it.
Because I like watching old clips.
Nostradamus not only predicts the Third World War but he predicts when and where it will begin and who will be fighting.
He tells us too how long the war will last and who will survive.
First we ask when.
In one quatrain he tells us that the war will begin when the Sun, Mars and Mercury conjunct in the sign of Aquarius.
And this conjunction is an infrequent one. It happens again in 1994.
Yeah I'm having this voice would be fun.
So this could be the year in which the Third World War begins.
In another quatrain he gives us an actual date when the war will be.
It's not 2025 right?
Well underway.
In the year 1999 and seven months from the sky will come the great king of the kingdom.
Oh 1999?
And will bring back to life the king of the Mongols before and after war reigns.
The king of the Mongols? Is the king of Mongolia in Iran?
It's also not 1999.
I think it's pretty easy to be right though about Americans going to war.
Because humans going to war.
We tend to pretty much always be in one somewhere in the world.
So...
It's not really even a broken clock being right once a day.
It's just a clock being right eventually.
Are we sure it could still be 1999?
If you have the secret knowledge of the old gods you have to stop spreading it.
Alright it's not 1999 anymore. Exactly.
30 minute call time.
We've kind of been rambling about this for nearly an hour.
So we probably should do something else.
Okay, he doesn't have time.
You don't even want to take the time it takes to take this seriously.
The most serious event that's happening right now.
It does feel like it's the early 2000s.
To me it's giving me more 2003 vibes currently.
But hey...
Maybe we should try to make it 1999 again.
The Matrix.
But they'll probably remake the Matrix soon. It's about time.
Yeah I could see that happening soon.
Well the Wacozgi brothers kind of made sequels but...
We might have to wait for the Wacozgi...
The Wacozgi's is what I should say.
The Wacozgi's...
I'm not sure they'll...
I wonder who owns the rights to the Matrix.
I wonder if it is the Wacozgi's.
That stuff's definitely getting remade though.
Once the Wacozgi's don't have any say over how it's remade.
Guy redacted can find out if it's 1999.
Oh you know Guy redacted?
I'm a fan of some of his work yes.
I'm open about having some disagreements with him.
Okay well I'm glad that you disagree with various people on various things Ilyana.
But for now I think we need to move on to the other two segments.
And also I better turn off segments alerts.
Cause there's no way we're finishing all these today.
In fact let's munch and crumb it because they have that dangling segment from before.
And...
Then we'll move on to the other stuff.
And I'll move on to living my life.
And actually collecting the facts.
So that I can...
Hopefully do a little bit of good on this network.
And spread the gospel of reality.
Okay for now though let's send it to two men or whatever.
And a dead guy yelling at each other.
It's time for munch and crumb.
Oh man...
Man we're back.
Look how far ahead I am.
It's crazy.
I won the thing.
We won.
We won the thing.
You look... Man crumbzzy looks bad.
You looking...
First...
Stay puffed marshmallow ass head man.
God I'm so...
I'm on top of the world.
I'm on top of the world.
You guys saw...
Today we got a debate.
That I'm probably gonna win.
Cause look I've won every single one of them.
You bald.
Shut up man.
Don't say that to me.
You look like shit.
I wish you were dead.
Look we got a debate to get to this guy next to me.
Probably has more like a poop to get to with his head.
What was this debate about?
Uh...
Yeah fucking hot in here.
Are you fucking passing gas out of your butt head?
And shut up man don't...
That's the kind of thing you would say...
What were we supposed to talk...
Who eats poop? Munch or crumb?
They're both saying crumb eats poop.
Yeah obviously he eats it with his...
Mouth.
There's some comments.
Case didn't do the comments.
He says doing animal stories.
That's what we should do.
All of us are animals if you think about it.
And the story of history is just animals behaving.
That's all it's ever been.
Yeah but Trump's own spy agency said Iran isn't even trying to get a nuke.
Yeah but they did say that.
People say a lot of things and...
You know you can make all sorts of plans
and the plans of men are but dust before...
The winds of time.
Haha God is ass.
Imagine a mission accomplished banner right after...
You know I just accomplished the mission.
And all you saw I won so fucking hard.
I won in a way that CNN is greater than Ben.
How do those symbols work?
I think that's what that means.
This lady makes me miss crumb.
That's the crazy thing to say.
It's an insane thing. Nobody misses it.
Crumb Thula is coming.
Yeah you.
He wishes.
You wished you had power to come back?
I bet you wish you could come back?
He's here though so that's fine.
I wish you would go away so that you could not...
Come...
There are so many comments.
This is too many comments.
Someone should fix this.
Ice tried to deport the LA Dodgers yesterday.
Today.
Must be a Yankees fan.
Haha but you are a Yankees fan.
Crumb?
Say something you son of a bitch.
Say something to me.
Are you okay?
Do you regret destroying Crumb like that?
He's right here and he's destroying us with how boring he's being.
Speak up little man.
I can't...
Care...
But what you're saying...
Stop making that noise at me.
Stop looking at me that way.
Oh like you had something better going on you piece of shit.
How dare you talk to me like that.
You know how hard I've worked for all these points?
I earned every single one of them.
What it smell like in there much?
Smells like victory.
Smells like victory.
Oh I shouldn't have break deep again.
I'm not reading that.
You read that.
I don't even like to hear you say it.
Your name is bad.
You can't run from the charges.
You're going to jail.
For what?
Winning?
If anybody does a wiki for this show it would be insane.
I agree.
Don't even spend your time having to write about Krum
because he's so bad.
Right?
Speak to me.
Tell me that you're bad.
He's saying stuff and it's bad that when you hear it...
You hear it too.
Munch should monetize the comments for his legal fund.
Ken is there a way to do that?
Does anybody know how to do that?
It's only a button I hit or something.
I wish my body could process alcohol that I wasn't like Captain America.
Every time I drink I just get sober again.
But my only relief is staying.
What are we...
What are you talking about?
I'm not much as sad.
Yeah a lot of things in the world are sad.
Not me.
How could I be looking at these points?
Look how many times I've won?
Munch I think you need a psychiatrist.
You definitely regret having Krum's head punched by a gorilla.
But the thing is I didn't have it.
Because the plan worked perfectly.
But the thing is it's an animatronic gorilla.
And his fear of it was ridiculous.
There's no way what could happen happened.
So it didn't happen.
So what you're saying is stupid.
As stupid as Krum who's alive.
Right here he's right there.
You look bad.
We should all pay for Krum's jets with channel points.
The counter for the jets is broken.
Nothing fucking works around here the way it's supposed to.
Nothing does.
The counter isn't even working correctly.
What's up with that?
The gorilla acted alone.
And all of us act alone.
It's the ultimate where we all end up.
All of us act alone.
Is that a fighter?
Okay I thank you for the 28 months.
Count every month you got man.
Munch here's finally gone.
I can go.
What?
Yeah I've gone off.
Deep victory.
There's too many of these.
There's too many noises.
There's little pops.
Do you guys hear that?
You guys hear the little pops?
Pop. Pop.
Crunch. Pop.
Case has a podcast.
Fuck up and go over your PTSD.
It's only been 30 seconds since I started the show.
I need a good crunch.
Yeah right.
Munch you killed your only friend.
Let's just go through these a little faster.
What has happened here?
What has fucking happened here right now?
Did you do this Crump?
This is just the kind of thing you do.
Oh look at you enjoying the hype train Crump.
This is the kind of thing you like.
This is the kind of thing you like.
Oh hell is open.
Yeah I bet.
Gretlish dog.
What?
Can we turn off this music?
Can we turn off this music?
Silence is what I need.
There's too many little pops happening.
What are you doing?
Who do you think you are?
You come for me?
You came for me finally?
Listen up Jack.
What you son of a bitch?
Some are just mamma jammed 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
I give you full pardon as I can still do that.
Crump was an enemy of the state.
Nobody needed your pardons.
Pardon me sir.
I'm busy.
Having a debate.
Oh no no no no no.
Let's see.
Listen.
We have a job to do.
We have a sacred duty to debate Crump.
Some of us actually showed up for work.
Which you did too actually.
You're right there.
So that's crazy that you did.
Because you should be scared of getting punched to death by a gorilla.
You should fear that.
And that fear should drive you away.
Why would you even show up to something like that?
There was a gorilla.
Card King.
He was right here.
You all saw it.
We have a debate to do.
I take that seriously.
I take my responsibility seriously.
Who eats poop?
Munch of crumb.
But they both are saying crumb eats poop.
You eat poop crumb?
I don't understand how a mod makes that debate.
But do it.
Because I have to die.
Have to do it.
Yeah that's the kind of thing you would say.
I believe you need some comfort real for Munch time to give her the munch.
Munch.
Show some fucking respect.
Yeah that's a good point.
That's a good point.
That's funny.
Show some fucking respect.
That's funny.
Munch plus two seventy six points.
Crumb minus one head.
This head's right here.
What are you talking about?
It's looking as bad as ever.
Anything that looks better today than I'm used to.
You look better than usual.
Just kidding.
You know it's impossible for you.
Right?
Don't you agree with me?
I don't agree with you?
Is the gorilla in jail?
The gorilla is jail now.
The gorilla is jail.
The gorilla is jail now?
Is the gorilla jail all the time?
Does somebody make a debate?
Is there anybody that can make a debate?
It's about poop.
It's a poop debate.
I think crumb eats poop.
He thinks crumb eats poop too.
That's the debate.
What's a debate?
I'll make a debate.
I know what one is.
I know what one is.
Crumb eats poop.
Yes.
Yes.
Crumb, you eat poop.
You know you do.
And you agree.
But I agree more than you.
I agree more than you can know.
And I'm righter than you.
You eat it.
Yum yum yum.
Yum yum yum.
You eat it.
We all saw you eat it.
I can't eat it.
You can't eat.
You can't eat with another man's mouth.
You can only eat with your own.
So good luck.
The floor is yours.
Crumb, believable.
Oh, I got that one.
No, I won.
I won.
Play my song. I won.
What?
Where's my song?
Who's my song?
Why didn't his points go up?
His points should go up.
I'm sure he won.
The thing is...
I don't care about Crumb's points.
He's here.
I'm Leonard Crumb.
The thing is...
You're twisted.
You're crumb.
You're crumb, believable.
You're crumb, believable.
You're crumb, believable.
You're crumb, believable.
You're crumb, believable.
You're crumb.
Where...
I've shut a bunch of stuff and I don't...
I don't have enough lyrics to fill this.
Is this the bridge?
Can you...
You're crumb, believable.
Oh!
Can we stop this song?
Can you please for once actually not play your whole song, Crumb?
You're crumb, believable.
Oh!
Hey, are you there?
You're crumb, believable.
You would gloat like this.
You're crumb, believable.
Somebody's gloating today.
He's crazy because...
I won!
This is the bridge.
This is the bridge.
Can I not stop your song?
We're out of time.
There's other stuff to do. It's not all about you, Crumb.
It's because you're in the middle recording.
I don't want to talk over you. This is all going in.
Why don't you just do a little editing?
I'm not going to spend that much time on this, man.
But you will rap about buttholes and stuff.
How can you edit something for me?
Because I don't do this for free unless it's for me.
You're crumb, believable.
Oh!
You see what I did at the end there?
We were arguing. I think I nailed that out.
It's all the time we have.
It's me, Dorf.
I really would prefer, honestly, sometimes on this network,
if they didn't play the network on the TVs around here.
It's unsettling. I don't like it.
I don't like it.
I don't like it.
It's unsettling. I don't like it.
I know I'm not Jeb.
He's missing. Apparently people around here
go missing
or are found, but in poor states.
We don't have much time.
I'm being told we don't have much time.
Let me put on my learning glasses.
The flies have seemed to fill the station somewhat,
although this is off-site,
so I'm not sure how that works.
Um...
And as I'm now accustomed to,
there's a good chance
that I'm now accustomed to.
There's a ghost in the wood.
Yes, you haven't found my son either?
Nope. No one can find him.
He's...
I feel like I could tell
if he was dead and I haven't seen him, son.
Lots of death today,
but learning is for the living.
And while we're alive,
let's learn all we can.
That's my personal take on the situation.
On fighting against the inexorable
pole of the grave.
When you stop learning,
you stop growing, you start dying.
Let's...
stave off this terrible fate
for as long as possible
with the videos that you share,
and we really only have time for one.
So I better make it count.
Alright.
How to warm up for karate.
Perfect.
We're talking about fighting off death.
What better than literal battle tactics?
Traditional fisticuffs
with a...
karate flair. Let's see what we've got.
I've not seen karate.
No.
I'm going to do my warm up
that I always begin the class with.
It's the only thing in the class that I don't vary
because it's got a nice ritual to it.
You go through all parts of the body.
Normally it takes 10 to 15 minutes.
I'll try and abbreviate it for you.
No other reason.
Violent?
You're going to get double-timed.
So we're running out of time.
Oh well, the sub-goal was made.
He's fast. He is pretty vigorous.
Alright.
Okay.
Whoa.
This could be part of the workout stream.
We should do that.
At this rate maybe I have to do it for a case.
That's deep lunge.
He might be.
Well, I actually only have like two minutes.
Oh yeah.
I'm going to run for other things with this as well.
Depending on your level of activity.
Well, we learned kind of just...
I don't know.
Shake your hips around.
Stretch your legies a little bit.
Let's burn through these comments and let's learn what people are thinking.
Really? It's just doing one?
Four spirit.
There's been too much death on this network today.
Perhaps you can take five.
I'm not dead. I'm in the...
Oh well, I'm also dead, aren't I?
Very much. And I'm in the wood.
Both. Bingo.
Ah, can I check in with the comments?
It makes me feel like there's any reason for me to still exist.
It was a pretty nice stretch routine.
Alright, ghost. Have at it.
Pop like Crumb's head.
I feel like I heard a spiritual whaling.
Permiate the wood.
Maybe it was his.
Munch, you're definitely not okay. Better bring back Crumb alive or else.
Was that the man who was having a mental break earlier?
Hype trade. Summon Crumb.
I don't know if that's in his powers set.
Crumb is the Lord of Lies now.
Get a hold of yourself, Munch.
Who? I wish he'd gotten to that comment.
Because he needed to.
Crumb eats poop, therefore Crumb is a cannib...
He's dead, but that's a good burn.
Flies are calling for Crumb to be alive again.
And you're not doing anything to undo the damage you've done, Munch.
He should listen to the humming of the flies.
There's secrets in there.
Alright, now you're saying crazy things.
I'd prefer this stream remain slightly tethered to reality.
Even though I'm a bit of a psychological warrior myself.
If you veer to off the shared...
Consensus reality that we all attempt to exist in...
It leads to nothing but pain.
Okay, stop it. You're trying to drive us all crazy.
We could use a jet right now.
Can you get your other son here?
He's just so busy.
I don't want to deprive the world of his incredible works.
Okay, well look, I'd prefer that we end in a more...
Emotionally grounded place.
Stop it, Spectre, please.
Munch can't even defeat a dead man.
It was a tie.
It seems like Crumb can't currently receive points.
Which I think is unfair.
If the corpse is there, you should still give it a point.
But...
You know, I'm a stickler for the old rules.
Looks like... we've got a raid.
Let's raid Dink Sauce. It's been a while.
Since we've given old Dink a raid.
Apparently there's a Patreon at the KREEMDOT team featuring a certain KSMG.
I'm a fan of his old stuff, personally.
His stuff with case.
Really brought down by having case there.
Sorry, case. I'm not a case fan.
I've told him.
Anyway, but if you can tolerate that guy, then he's over at the KREEMDOT team.
With KSMG talking about...
I would say talk about animal news.
Maybe just stick to the animal news.
It's in the Discord.
We're raiding Dink Sauce.
Case is already late, so he's gotta go.
We'll see you soon.
Have a beautiful rest of your day.
Tomorrow, apparently music.
Like my brother's in town or something.
Okay, bye-bye.
Do-do-do-do-do-do.
Can you be reasonable, ghost?
No, I'm in the wood.
I've already seen through the Val of Death.
I know how all of this ends.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh god, I'm in the wood. Bye-bye.