I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Time at the hell, Orgy! It's my turn to!
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do Pepito!
Oh yeah! Hello everyone! It's Friday! There's probably news!
There usually is, and it's good to see all of you, GregTU!
My bot! BonsaiBullfrogSkymerTastyZero.
Live and sleazy the mastermod, Apple, Dapple, Jay, Money, Cycor, Sabrechee, also mastermod.
I hope you're having a good one. All the clips are of us getting, I'm just scrolling through
comments. The videos are just the two getting older together. Is that about me?
Is getting older in front of all of you? I have no choice. It's the only direction I can go.
Yeah, it's Friday. I nailed that part. Anyway, lovingly, lovingly old. I might switch it up on you.
Maybe I'll, maybe I'll go, maybe I'll start getting tons of plastic surgery. I live in LA.
Duh. I used to be young and blonde. That's true. I can get back to it. That's the dream.
To reblaund and young myself. Through the power of, um, I'll get famous or something and then that just happens.
Just for men, my beard. Nah! I just gotta let it get white. I kind of wish my beard would just go
full white. Instead of just these little random stray blasts of white. I feel like I'll look,
maybe I'll look, maybe I would look way worse. Maybe I'll look old. Urgh.
Urgh. That's the next, then I can, then I can do the news seriously. If I'm fully white.
Haired. Bezos got a white beard now. Oh yeah, what is, but then didn't you give an interview
recently? That was good and there were no complaints. Let's check him out in his latest appearance.
CNBC. Oh god, is this six minutes of him just talking? I don't think I want to see the full,
let's see if there's a clip. I don't want to watch six minutes of Bezos
describing his very intelligent thoughts like all billionaires on the future. My guess is, um,
he's gonna, it's gonna be good for him. And it can be good for all of YouTube, but it's
definitely gonna be good for him. That's his pitch. Just get on board with whatever I'm saying
and it can be good for you too. Put the money in the fucking bag chat. Okay, here's Bezos. Let's
see who's aging more gracefully. We're the exact same age, me and Jeff Bezos.
If I do my job right, the value to society and civilization from my for-profit companies
will be much, much larger than the good that I do with my charitable giving. And I think this is an
important point to make because people forget or they sometimes don't see that when, you know,
when you create something like Amazon, yeah, and you're saving, I get letters from new mothers
all the time. Of course. Me too. I have no idea what we'd be doing right now if I didn't have
Amazon. Thank you. Of course, yeah, absolutely that happens. And then when people can really
see what an essential service we provided to them. And so, you know, this is, uh,
Amazon creates from its phone. And by the way, all, you know, the last time you got an Amazon package
and your first thought was, I got it right. I got it right. I think you let it to Jeff Bezos.
And kind of like all those delivery drivers, when they're driving around, they're like,
man, you know who I wish I could think every day? Jeff Bezos. You painted a mural of
Jeff Bezos at your alma mater. Oh my gosh. If there's a picture live in Sleazy, I'd love to see it.
Uh, he, oh, he had more to say here. We'll do this in increments. I just, now that I've heard
him talk, it was just so eloquent. I feel like we've all got to hear more. I'd also love that.
I love that every powerful figure in our country right now currently employs a strategy of
doing interviews in wind tunnels. The only place you can get interviewed is in
large factories and on tarmacs. That's the new meta. And I am considering changing the studio to, um,
just the inside of a centrifuge.
Huge.
That he was calmer.
What do you think?
Oh,
enough said. No commentary for me needed. He's just dropping, he's dropping so many goddamn facts.
Did he make his eyelids? Lons? Wait, what are Lons? Did you check out his dreamy eyes?
No way you're going to Paul Meadows campus? Damn. Well, if you know anybody who's there,
have him snap a pic for us.
No.
Uh-oh.
Three times more than Miami and Houston. Ah, by the way, New York City doesn't get better outcomes.
So what's this? Listen, let me just say, if we ran Amazon the way New York City runs their school
system, right, your packages would take six weeks to arrive. We'd have to charge you a hundred
dollar delivery fee. And then when the package did finally arrive, it have the wrong item in it
anyway. I mean, for a long time I've been in favor of reducing bathroom breaks for kids at school.
I think they should be more rigorously monitored or just kind of not allowed actually. They're on
school time, okay? They're not on bathroom time. Eliminate bathrooms from schools. And then
we can get the efficiency of Amazon drivers. You know, it's a growth market, children's brains.
And it's time we started treating it like that. I'll eat a kid's brain. No, Papito.
Is that not what I'm supposed to do? No. I won't do that. That's better.
But those kids have to learn that I'm hungry.
Papito, don't eat children's brains. I wouldn't do it. It must say we're available.
Oh, okay. It's fine. Okay, well anyway, we got into the news a little early. That's old news,
though. That's some reheated Jeff Bezos clips. Let's see what's popping off today. It's news time.
No music for me? There's got to be something you can play. What the heck?
It's not gonna do it. This is sort of like ballad music.
What? I don't know. I'm just sort of free, just freestyling it, lyrics first. I'm just
workshopping things. Hello, I'm Jimny-free. Jimny-free? No, there's no eyes in there. Jimny-free.
Yeah. Is everything? Please, case. Artists evolve.
Silence is playing all the notes simultaneously. That's beautiful. Can I take that and make that into
a memoir? A memoir? Well, it'll be a one-sentence memoir. But maybe that's the new. Maybe people
would like that. Anyway, it's Jimny-free. I already told you it's Jimny-free.
Jimny-free? There's no eye in there. Are there any vowels? Maybe.
You're still waiting for the next Grand-Man segment? Yeah, where is that guy? I love Grand-Man.
How come you always bring sort of a dark veil of spectral wists behind you?
That's the new title of my memoir. Why are you writing memoirs? Why wouldn't I?
One-Shet vs. 30 AI Catfish Scams. That's a good idea. We'll do that for sure. We'll do it today.
Lemons-Lewis says,
Jeff Bezos, Skitonji, Brown Jackson, and former Surgeon General Vivek Murthy had 10 of the same
classes and teachers their last two years of high school. Two turned out good, Jeff.
Didn't you just hear Jeff's going to do more good with his giant company that delivers
things quickly than any amount of charity you could ever do? I agree. I love Amazon music.
Ah, you and me both. Paying the bills. Now I'm just as an artist. I love Amazon music.
What do you- why? Because they do music. Do you release songs on Amazon music? It's an
aspiration of men to be one of Amazon music's artists. That's beautiful.
Will Brand Brand be playing Buck Bumble today? Yes. You're calling it?
Mm-hmm. Feature. This is iFeature on this track. There you go. I should.
Let's do it today. This is pre-recorded. Song always plays to everything. I can't
insert you into it. Am I frowning? Because I shouldn't be able to anymore.
You're close. You're close. Good. As long as I'm not actually doing it.
How about a confidence if it ends in front? I figured it away.
What's your favorite case blackwell segment? Oh, mine is the end of Terminator where you get
lowered into a pit of lava. You think I'm Arnold Schwarzenegger? Oh, I was imagining things for
you to do. You mean you want me to kill myself? No, I just was imagining that'd be fun to see.
Anyway, the poll is tech support loop-chef vacuum sex, the taint and of TBD. I like TBD personally.
That is the lava idea. Vote now. The hype trainer. Or they're supposed to be at least.
Explanation.4 is a hot segment for sure. That's one of my favorite segments. For sure. That's one of
the best ones. I like Explanation.4. Tech support. That is the recurring segment. Absolutely.
People love Explanation.4. Is that the one where you're like, um,
some racist guy or something? No. It was a winner. And today we're all winners because you're back
here with me. I'm a train. Did you know that? Yes, I did. People forget all the time. You're
very clearly a train hype train. I wasn't sure. I'm thinking for confirming I don't like to make
assumptions like that because I'm not rude. I'm not rude, case. Did you become a different guy recently?
I just have longer hair. Okay.
D'Wog. D'Wog. D'Wog. D'Wog. I needed to refresh myself.
So, Jevree Train? Jevree, I'll help you. I'll feature on your track today, hype train.
He doesn't really do tracks. He more rambles in ways that occasionally rhyme.
It always rhymes and it's always a track and it's also, look, you don't understand music and
storytelling, case. And I have to tell my tale.
You're also floating. You're not even on a track. I'm on a, you don't understand anything,
case. I'm always on the track. Let's just type in track type beat and see what that does.
Because technically that should be every beat. Oh, it gave me a diss track type beat.
This is a diss track type beat. Oh wait, here's an even better one. This one features this guy.
Wow, no, this is a little scary for my taste. Oh no, get away from me. This is a little intense.
Can we calm it down? This is so fucking twisted. Look at this guy. He's dangerous, case. They
don't like this. It's fine. He's on the computer. He can't get you. I'm on the computer too.
Oh.
Not the skin.
Hello.
I've been dying to say this to truly these people.
Whoa.
But I ran my watch till her clone from outer space on a meson prime. So why?
That's part of my feature is the president. It's the this track is the hype train talking about
clowns featuring Jim Nefret and the president.
What a, what a crew.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Girl, you know I wanna make you not my clone. I wanna make you a carnival and there's a tiger. Oh, now you can't take my tiger.
That was fucking fake. Uh, yep.
That was great. Good job.
Thank you. I really tried.
Woah woah woah woah woah, what was I talking about?
Clows!
Okay, yes. Can you thank the subs? You're gonna be dead soon.
Not correct. I got four minutes left.
You know who doesn't case you better save your breath.
Everyone in the carnival, the clouds, left them dead.
Do you know how they did it?
No. What'd they do, Hype Train?
They had knives.
This one has a knife.
Now you're getting it, nobody was left alive because clowns are scary.
I've trained, honestly, you've got no juice today.
Lives.
This is all you're doing is repeating how clowns have knives.
Clowns have fucking knives and they're sharp.
Do you hear they don't even have to sharpen and they come in sharp.
They are born that way.
When you give birth to a clown, it comes out of your womb with a hot katana, babe.
The big katana's small, it's a small katana, but every knife is a small katana.
He's doing his clown knife stuff?
Do the clown stuff, do the knife stuff.
That's a fucking cinnamon man, dude, you get it, brah.
Yup.
But do you get it, brah?
Case you don't understand, I think I get it.
So what was I, what am I doing here anyway?
You're thinking the subs is the idea every time.
Alert, alert.
There's an even more twisted creature on the horizon.
Oh my god, look at this guy.
None of them durable bunnies.
Not adorable anymore kids, do you see how it is?
Do you finally see how it is?
Bunnies are nice, they don't fucking get it.
All they do is come into the forest with bloody hedged knives.
Are not what bunnies use, those are what clowns use.
Hatch it out with the bunny juice.
Oh my god, please just take the subs.
Hatch it out with the bunny juice.
Do you get it, dude?
Yes.
All right, then you're finally ready to giggle trash.
Jeff Nicholson, two minutes ago.
That's where the subs went in, but I never dropped the flow.
I just grabbed a hatchet like a bunny and I swing it broke.
Skymer 300, choo choo, these colors, what you burn, huh?
I ain't giving it to my brother, I am giving 300 bits to me.
I am not hiding, you know, I take the bits, I leave it.
I giggle trash with 100 fucking lotions.
Or those for bits, either way they bring in motions.
Stormburn 92, 43 months, what the fuck it took?
It gets me to the motherfucking moon like a 2022.
When I'm trading those coins, I bet I'm a fucking grind, baby.
I been getting more and like, mother's proud, 100 bits.
That's how they do giggle trash.
Eight minutes ago, gifted subs come through, yes.
Reverie and Wolfie are the best because 43 months,
I don't even catch my breath, I'm gonna keep spitting until the universe dies.
Another month's still waiting for grandma to be alive.
That's fine, and that's fine, but that is fine.
I guess.
But you know what is the most fine?
Bumble sprouts, five community subs.
That shit's sublime.
Giggle trash, I already mentioned you and so that's it.
That's it.
Are you happy now?
You killed the music, Case.
You just stopped.
Because you're so obsessed with me thanking the subs and the bits,
and those were other than that, and I did that,
and now we're done, and I guess we just sit here quietly and think about our choices.
Sometimes reflection is important, Case.
You missed a gifted sub from giggle trash to crump.
Fuck you know I didn't, that was a rap interlude.
Case as usual, you're being rude.
I was about to thank every single high fucking dude.
Hip scrubs, sub-crubs when they come through.
Tam-train, dropping the alerts goddamn.
Do you even hear the shit, man?
Yeah, sounds kind of bad.
Nah, sounds great.
Just like Tam-train, powering my infinite train.
Ah baby, I'm deep inside your brain, turn me up,
get me tons of effects, I'm my life train, baby,
and I don't need the facts, but when it comes to being in the train,
you know I'm the best.
I've been choo-choo-choo-choosin' the head, tons of effects, yes.
I'm mood today.
Hope-train, calm down, you're becoming too psychedelic.
This is how I am.
Everything's fine.
Hey, he's just expressing himself.
Oh no, another creature showed up!
Oh, it's even more twisted than the last!
It's just a bear.
Why does John Merr murder in this case?
Other than that at Rhyme-type train, why?
There's baby there on a plane to kill the whole fucking world with their nasty claws.
And you can't also say they're nasty paws because there's air paws and you can't deny that.
Even when it's scratching their sharp claws down your back,
you better be careful because you know we cannot relax.
A bear, baby, that's a new kind of bear attack because there's stuff that's like John Merr's.
Blame yourself!
No.
In case you don't get it.
Would you ask Gucci Man to explain himself in what context?
Is lyricism?
I may be.
Stuff bears like jawbreakers?
Yep, that too.
That too.
Yeah, that too.
That doesn't even really rhyme.
Stuff bears like jawbreakers.
I can't understand what you're saying, hype train.
And now you fucking get it.
And now you find out that you fucking get it.
What am I- are you- you're not helping?
He's still alive.
How is he alive for so long?
Yeah, I'm so rude.
I used to say that all the time.
Oh no!
This one's really rough.
This one is really rough?
What's- what's so bad- oh no!
Oh, it's a specter!
But he's got different colored teeths.
How is that worse than any of the-
Featuring on the Dragon's Mimifrey.
I'm scared.
What?
I'm scared.
On the train, Jim the free, you know, scary.
Nothing worse in the world than a face with teeth.
That of different colors.
Do you even understand?
Case, he's got eyes.
One's purple, one's blue.
What the fuck is the whole world gonna do
When he pops off with mouth like a fruit roll-up?
The swirl of baby, I think I might throw up thinking bout.
How scary this specter fucking is.
I seen his nasty colored teeth.
How am I gonna live?
I don't even fucking know.
It's like Poppa Bro.
But when they die of different colors, that is gross for sure.
You ever seen that?
You try to get normal popcorn, but then it's got different colors.
What was I born?
What are you talking about?
They're different colors.
We can't love each other.
Oh no.
This is gonna kill me, bro.
Oh no.
I'm giving you a different beat.
Thank God I'm too scared of that one.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, the bears are back.
This one has a knife.
It's combined the power of a clown and a bear.
This is the end of everything.
We've survived so much.
Ghouls with different colored teeth.
Clowns with knives.
Bunnies with hatchets.
And now the powers are combined.
There's no pain here.
We can stay alive.
I thought that maybe I would finally get mine.
But the bear with the knife, there's no way I can survive.
Cause he's got claws too.
What the fuck can you do?
When a bear with the knife comes right through,
he's gonna stab him in the claws.
It's just because the claws are his friends too.
What the fuck?
I'm still throwing up.
You're still throwing up?
I've been throwing up to six minutes and I can't stop.
I ain't even been stabbed yet.
But I might drop because I think I just kicked up my horn and testines.
Baby, baby, baby, you know that I might die.
The bear scared me to fucking death.
He didn't even had time to stab me.
Ah, my breath.
I just let it.
How many times did he rhyme breath and death?
And you and bear and care the right amount?
He died.
Doesn't he die every time?
He's dead now.
We have to leave him behind.
It's the middle.
It's almost the summertime.
Why are we doing such a terrifying Halloween-themed stream?
Now, this was a PSA about the various creatures that can kill you.
And chat is a point, actually.
Do you understand now?
Bonersail, I apologize that the hype train was too busy talking about
his fear of multicolored ghost teeth.
To thank you for the resubscription for 29 months.
I've- how long will I keep streaming?
I guess forever.
And Old Dukey Thomas, thank you for the community sub
gifted to the community.
That's- you can write that off on your text.
I'm not sure if that's true.
And quickly, Iwak, he also did it.
He didn't think any of those people-
Yeah, he really didn't.
And his name is the hype train.
And he is summoned by their gifted subs,
and he never thinks any of them.
Anyway, what is this streaming in?
It's news.
It's a news stream, it turns out.
That's yesterday's headline.
Resigned.
Uh, wait.
How do you- was that actually a little hoisted?
Is that how you spell Gabbard?
I don't know, but good enough.
What happened?
Oh no, what happened?
Our friend Tulsi, no!
Hoisted Gabbard on their own batard.
Like a scabard.
Now your hype training case.
Great, Lee Terrible news everyone.
I never thought it would happen, but
the most beautiful senator?
She's not- no, she was in the Trump administration.
She was this, uh, defense something or other.
You don't even remember what she was doing?
Ehh, it's the defense.
Intelligence?
I'm sure she'll tell us in her resignation letter.
Gabbard?
No, look at her.
Look how sad she is now.
It's not easy losing fans.
She lost some fans today.
Or, um, I guess.
Sometimes you have to admit that you've taken a step back in your career,
and it's never easy, and my heart goes out to her.
She's deeply grateful to the president,
and for the trust President Trump, this is her words.
And mine, because I care.
Okay, I don't know you were so into politics.
I'm not.
I'm into empathy case.
I'm deeply grateful for the trust President Trump placed in me,
and for the opportunity to lead the ODNI Gov for the last year and a half.
Tulsi is a- well, so she resigned today.
What?
That's what we've been trying to say.
I wasn't sure.
I wasn't sure based on how rambling we were being.
She resigned.
Uh, the official reason she got-
well, she gives it here.
You can read it for us, Jevrything.
She was the director of National Intelligence.
She was the director of National Intelligence.
Yes.
Yes, that sounds right.
I couldn't remember whatever.
Yeah, she was- she was our most intelligent person.
And now she's had to become normal intelligent.
That's what she said.
She's probably seeing the world.
Other colors are a little less bright.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, she said,
Unfortunately, I must submit my resignation effective June 30th, 2026.
She's still got a- like a month left.
My husband, Abraham, has recently been diagnosed with an extremely rare form of bone cancer.
Oh, jeez.
He faces major challenges in the coming weeks and months.
At this time, I must step away from public service to be by his side, to support his bones.
Thoughts and prayers to, um, Mr.- Mr. Gabbard?
I don't wish bone cancer on anyone.
But it is a slightly suspicious given that for months there's been rumors that there was
some scandal coming down the pipeline that would like destroy her career.
Um, also, you know, she was trying to run as a leftist, like less than a decade ago,
in the Democratic lane, and just completely flip-flopped for the first whiff of power,
and then basically shit the bed for a two-month straight.
Um, as she was completely incapable of enforcing any kind of political will,
or her political will on the administration, most famously probably saying that Iran was
not trying to get a nuclear weapon just a couple months before we
bombed the shit out of Iran under those pretenses.
So, I guess you could give her credit for not being lockstep with the administration,
but she also had released various cowardly statements over her run,
completely negating the various, um, you know, campaign promises she made,
both when she was a Democrat and, uh, on essentially the campaign trail for the,
uh, 2024 Trump run.
Anyway, she did a, she did a really terrible job, but bone, bone cancer is bad.
We can all at least agree that bone cancer is probably not good.
Tulsi used to sell shirts with no war with Iran on them.
Ooh, let's look that up. Tulsi.
No war shirt. Anybody?
Ah. Oh, these are just Etsy shirts.
I need to see the original shirt.
Ah, here you go. She was promoting these shirts according to
Twitter back in 2020.
Oh wait, it's, I would say this isn't sourced, but it's just her Twitter account.
Oops. Well, look, in her defense, she wasn't the secretary of defense.
She was the secretary of being smart.
And I guess she was too smart for her own good.
How much does a soul cost these days?
Uh, well, the shirt was probably around $25 if I had to guess,
or maybe 36. Prices are kind of crazy right now.
So that's $36 for a soul. You mean a shirt? Same, same idea.
Same difference. Anyway, that's what's going on.
Let's see what Trump has been up to, given that he lost one of his ride or dies recently.
Asked if he's going to his son's wedding.
He'd like me to go, but it's going to be just a small little private affair.
And I'm going to try and make it. I'm in the midst.
I said, you know, this is not good timing for me.
Look at this. What's he, is this safe?
I think he's smuggling a bomb in his under his shirt.
Oh no. Is the president, is the president safe right now?
Someone needs to search this man's shirt.
I mean, you could untuck the shirt a little bit, right?
Maybe don't tuck the shirt in.
If you got a belly button this intense, it's an outie for sure.
And it feels like he's leaning into it.
Is it a man? Yeah, I shouldn't assume.
Based on the style and the arms. Yes, but maybe not.
Anyway, sorry, the president's talking about his son's wedding.
I have a thing called a rant and other things.
That's one I can't win on.
If I do attend, I get killed.
If I don't attend, I get killed.
What?
By the ideas, of course, I'm talking about no, but he's,
got a very personal I've known for a long time.
And hopefully they can have a great marriage.
Oh, that's what we clicked on yesterday.
That was he said he's known his son for a long time.
Maybe he's maybe he's talking about the woman he's marrying,
which is some other Trump ghoul, some other political monster.
That is the most relatable thing about Trump
the most relatable thing about Trump is how terrible of a father he is to his
fail sons.
What do you mean he named him himself?
Is that Don Jr?
Maybe Don Jr changed his name.
It's I think it's Fendt a change name.
Yes, I'm aware of that.
That belly button is nuts.
It's hard to even focus on the insane thing Trump is saying with that
TC tugger style belly button chats bringing up.
Is that what a TC tugger shirt would be for?
It seemed like a joke, but now I'm thinking this guy absolutely needs it.
If you get a tugged a little bit so that his belly button isn't so intensely,
it's like his nipple is hard, but it's his belly button.
Yeah.
Anyway, I respect Trump's ability to be just brutally terrible father to his fail sons.
We might never quite get the psychic satisfaction of Trump
very obviously never getting what he wants,
although he probably is never going to get what he actually wants because he doesn't know,
but we can at least take satisfaction in the fact that his sons
will just never have the love and affection of their father that they so clearly desperately crave.
Can you imagine if your dad just was getting interviewed about blowing off your wedding?
He's like, I'll get killed if I go killed if I don't.
It's like, no, you would you could go to your son's wedding.
You 100% no one's gonna who's gonna give Trump ship for going to his son's wedding.
Um, like the early 2000s protagonist of a kind of girls girls
raunchy comedy be like, you don't need no man.
That's who's going to give him shit.
Maybe hypothetically, I don't even know why they'd be mad about it actually.
He did say he'd be killed.
Maybe he meant that literally.
Maybe he means he's just going to because he said he'd be killed if he goes and killed if
he doesn't.
So maybe he's just planning on getting killed soon.
I mean, it's there's been enough tries so far.
Not that I'm encouraging anything.
Trump famously respects the opinion of the liberal media.
The liberal media would, I think it's one of the things where they wouldn't.
I don't know who's gonna write a story about the president should not have gone to his son's wedding.
Should I write that story?
Well, he sounds like he's just not going.
So I should write the story about how he is bad for not going.
Yes, I guess there's definitely going to be that story now, I guess.
It's not even a story.
It's just odd.
But I think again, it's he's sometimes you have to admit when the president calls
his shot correctly and I think not going to his idiot son's wedding is honestly a pretty sick move
and I do support it.
For once I am lockstep with the president that he should go to none of his kids' weddings
and that they should feel sad about it.
I think that's pretty sick actually.
That's very hateful case.
Yes.
Trump is looking forward to tonight's comics unleashed.
What's that?
Is that another one of those Netflix roasts?
He's a big Byron Allen fan.
Oh, the 2006 talk show.
Oh, it's coming back on CBS.
Brian Allen's show comics unleashed will it will take the 1135 time slot vacated by the
cancellation of the late show.
Sorry, I didn't even talk about how the late show had its last episode.
Not because I don't care.
Just because I completely forgot that it was even a thing.
That's worse case.
I thought you loved comedy.
I do have I had a couple friends that wrote for that show.
I'm sad that they will be out of that job.
Although thankfully, thankfully, I think everyone I know who wrote for that show has already
moved on.
So just whatever else.
He's paying CBS to take the spot.
That's an alpha move.
Pay to play.
It's a valuable slot.
He's not going to give it away for free.
He's so milk toast Byron Allen.
Let's watch a Byron Allen clip.
I don't know if I've ever.
He mean he looks familiar, but I can't remember what he does.
Does he do comedy?
Isn't he like a news guy?
Is there is there clips of Byron Allen doing stand up?
Oh, there is.
Is he mostly a stand up?
I can't remember.
Is he mostly a stand up?
I can't remember.
I can't stand people who visit LA.
This is four years ago.
Damn nerves.
People do me a favor.
Just tell people stop coming here.
You know, traffic is bad enough.
I don't know what you guys are talking about.
Traffic is bad enough.
I consider that a punchline.
You know what I hate?
LA traffic standing up.
Dude, traffic does be shopping.
Literally.
It's why.
That's why traffic is.
That's you're onto something case.
Keep this going.
I can't stand how my wife won't traffic.
No, that doesn't sound right.
Oh man, I shouldn't do that.
I shouldn't know that.
I can't stand how my wife won't traffic routine.
Now I'm going to get clipped and be in trouble.
Now nobody cares.
Ah, even worse.
Okay, anyway, that's what's happening with CBS.
I think on Colbert's last show he had like,
he had the Trump assassin on.
No, that didn't happen.
Oh, right.
He probably just had what like,
who would Colbert have on his last show?
Somebody old?
What?
Somebody probably old?
Well, what are the Beatles maybe?
Oh, it was a beetle.
Colbert last show.
He had Strike Force 5.
He had Paul McCartney.
That makes all the sense in the world.
That is a fitting way to, and John Stewart, sure.
Honestly, Colbert getting to live out his dream of
hanging out with old rock stars
was an appropriate sunsetting of that particular media establishment.
So, R.I.P.
Fallen Kimmel Oliver Seth Meyers, The New Rat Pack.
The New Rat Pack has arrived.
Okay, let's do a couple of chat stories here.
He played copyright music, so CBS had to pay for it.
Good for him.
Good for him.
I might not agree with the general dissolution of his more fiery satirical politics,
but I'm glad that he got to go out on, I guess, his own terms,
hanging out with Paul McCartney and making CBS pay extra money.
Anyway,
suckerfish.
Just that weird suckerfish-observed swimming and manta rays,
rear ends, could impede pooping sex.
Um, well, there's a comma there, Jefferything.
Oh, could impede pooping comma six.
Not pooping six.
Strike Force 5 was slash is great.
I got those personal SC issues.
That is a little bit true, but honestly, my bigger beef with Colbert is just that I
feel like he kind of mellowed out to an extent where I just was like, why?
I mean, granted, he was complaining about Trump the whole time, which I think is good,
but I don't know.
But I don't know.
Just so the most centrist-y you can be while hating Donald Trump, I would say.
Pooping sex is how we got Eric Trump.
And congratulations on the wedding.
I don't think he's the- which one is getting married?
Is it Don Jr?
Or is it Eric?
It's Don Jr.
Don Jr.
Colbert was declawed.
I feel like he declawed himself, but you know, whatever.
He's like, he's one of the greats regardless.
Like I think his Colbert show run was certainly one of my favorite things growing up.
So I don't mean to talk too much shit about him.
And I would prefer that he has a show versus the reason he got fired.
He's 60 plus.
He was always going to mellow out.
Yeah, but honestly, okay, here's my bigger beef.
Is it it feels like he was just kind of in the can for a brand of politics that I think
is actually destructive.
Even see his Zoran interview, even though he was interviewing him, it was very-
it was contentious in a way that I felt like was completely unnecessary.
And I would say that those were his general politics.
He's like a DNC comedian, you know?
I don't know.
I just don't- I don't find it very inspirational at this point.
But I do still think he's a very talented guy.
Anyway, poop sex.
And then we move down.
We don't want to talk about poop sex.
The man who raised Kent poop and sex.
That's the headline.
Okay, I guess we're moving on.
Not to this.
To you, to you, Naboob, it's a real medical condition.
And who's likely to get it?
It's the question.
In rare cases, it's a real medical condition that can alter the natural shape of the chest,
sometimes merging what are typically two distinct breasts into a single continuous mound.
Single continuous mound, you say?
I did say that.
Body positivity, y'all.
When he went to CBS, it was a condition on playing to the 60-year-old crowd.
That does make sense.
I mean, I don't think he could have gone on stage and just like
done avant-garde, you know, weird comedy.
But I do think- I think some of his more- what I would call conservative instincts,
sort of took over in the last couple years.
But I'm sure that sounds antithetical given how anti-trumpy is.
Which I do support.
Do you support dentists that are using AI to scare patients into unnecessary dental work?
According to an explosive investigation?
I don't even really understand what that means.
Is your dentist upselling you on something?
Does your old filling really need to be replaced?
And is that tooth decay really bad enough to warrant new work?
Uh, I don't tell me.
Such suspicions have probably cursed your mind before,
as you lay there in a tense anticipation of the noisy drill about to send stomach
churning vibrations through your teeth.
This is a news story.
And they're not going to go away once you hear about how dentists across the country
are embracing AI tools.
They're getting to it, guys.
I'm suspected of supporting Trump.
You did say earlier that you support his decision not to be a good father.
I do support that one.
That's the only thing about him I support is how bad of a father he is to his shitty children.
I do think that's funny.
So sad.
A Unibove Awareness Campaign song by Reba.
Well, you didn't specify Reba McIntyre, so I'm just gonna do Dealers' Choice on the Reba, okay.
That's disingenuous.
Anyway, similarly to how AI is being used to radio- radio- a radiology,
it's being used in radiology for breasts and gallbladder, etc.
It's being used in dentistry.
And honestly, it's happening almost everywhere.
That's what Stern said on the latest episode of the New York Times Hard Fork podcast,
discussing her book.
She's a dentist, I'm assuming.
When Stern visited a dentist on her own time, she realized the office used a system called
Pearl AI, which promises on its website to catch 30% more diseases and deliver
24% more care to patients in need.
The tool showed she had a lot of plaque buildup, and the dentist used it to find
the finding to give an assessment that was ominous for both her health and wallet.
Stern would need pre-ord- pre-odontal treatment, which would take four different sessions and
cost thousands of dollars.
That'd be covered by insurance, that's not guaranteed.
It was weird, she said, etc.
Wisely, she decided to get some outside opinions.
So they basically like, what, take a picture of your mouth and give it to chat GPT or something?
I'd assume some version of that.
It's looking at scans of your teeth, pictures of your teeth.
You know, my dad was a radiologist, he got out just in time.
Of life?
No, of radiology.
Oh, that's a little less dark.
A computer telling you you have to pay more money, fun, get used to it.
Technically, that's smarty how we live, I think, right?
No, I have men telling me to pay more.
And people.
But at Stern, a pines with radiology, a doctor using AI could potentially be
detecting the early warning signs of something grave like breast cancer,
justifying its use, even if the cancer isn't guaranteed.
What?
Think over the 69 bits.
That is in fact very nice.
I mean, the radiologists are still working, making more, doing less work.
I mean, when my dad was a radiologist, the big trend was, because you can do,
you can send imaging overseas.
A lot of imaging was being sent to India, basically.
So a lot of American radiology firms were just outsourcing tons of work to overseas,
or the hospitals were, at the end of the day, you are going to need somebody to sign off,
at least for the time being, on these AI systems and what they're telling you to do with your face
and organs and teeth.
Well, we'll see.
Hopefully that, hopefully we don't outsource too much of this stuff.
AI could really mean actually India.
That's also very possible.
I mean, it could be sort of Waymo style.
They're just saying, oh, we got these AI tools.
That a guy or gal in India is using.
We'll see.
He's strangely worked with many radiologists.
They seem isolated, paranoid and miserable.
Only one of those words described my dad.
And I'll let you guess which one.
Paranoid?
No, he isolated.
I mean, there's no way around that one.
Yeah, you have to spend a ton of time just sort of in a dark,
weird room looking at bones pictures.
Bones pictures like the TV show.
No, the literal bones like that.
The main actor.
Let's just move on.
Let's see what else is in this story pipeline.
Crappy 82 year old politician attacks 10 year old child for thinking electric cars are cool.
Is that her?
She looks reasonable enough.
North Carolina in the killer alien Congresswoman Virginia Fox has never shied away from her
aggressive takes.
Over her many decades in politics, the 82 year old representative has opposed everything from the
release of the Epsian files.
Abortion, legalizing gay marriage, etc.
She even opposed Hurricane Katrina, but we can't fault her for that one.
I don't think that's what that said, everything.
Moving on.
But as flagged by the Daily Beast, the octogenarian politician's latest broadside may
take the cake.
When a 10 year old child wrote her a letter expressing support for electric cars.
Fox didn't agree to disagree.
Instead she fulminated a fulminated at the poor kid in a response.
That sounds more like late night Donald Trump.
Oh my gosh, just give us the response.
Where did she do this?
Is there a video?
Can I see her yelling?
Can I see a recording of her yelling at children?
Well either way she said your request that the federal government should give $5,000 tax
rebates for all new electric car purchases means that the federal government must take
that money out of the pockets of hardworking people who may not have had the means to
buy an electric vehicle in the first place.
She sieved in a letter posted on social media.
She sent a letter.
Oh my god, she mailed him back.
And then the mom posted it on social media.
That's beautiful.
You know, I might not agree with her politics.
But today I'm in favor of old people acting poorly.
I'm giving her a pass on this one as well.
What?
I look I'm with the kid that we should encourage electric car use.
But I do also think it's funny to just reply to a child's
tidy child's letter to a politician angrily and with your say and saying it with your full chest.
She's being honest.
She wants everyone to use gas, gasoline, cars, and she believes that all of us should be
emissary to them poor.
I'm not sure that's what she was saying.
I think it's what she's saying and I'm glad I'm glad she's being honest with these kids.
She told him to watch more Fox News.
I mean, what was what was the kid hoping for?
How are you on the side of this old lady?
She's a known quantity.
She hates everything at a past a certain age.
We just have to let our insane senators, you know,
sit on a throne of bones and make hateful proclamations.
This is your new politics.
This is the new politics.
This is the 2028 campaign promises that we need.
Thrones of bones and complaints.
Yeah, I'm old man yelling at cloud era.
I just think this kid learned a valuable lesson, which is it's not worth it to reach out to old people.
It's so that seems like a bad lesson.
He's got to learn it sometime.
Don't bother 86 year olds with your fanciful ideas.
All they want you to do is to not have car and shut up.
It was a class assignment and maybe in the end of the day he'll learn some class solidarity.
I'm ready for the generation to die.
Sorry, not sorry.
You know, we didn't talk about it the other day.
I was too busy ranting about open AI, but there was that primary this week where Thomas Massey lost.
It was like a Republican primary.
So it's basically like the Donald Trump die hard primary.
But I guess Thomas Massey as you might be aware, I don't know if we've talked
about much on the stream is insane, but he is anti Trump in the sense that he was very
he was somewhat committed to like the releasing the Epsin files and a couple other things.
He's anti Iran war.
So we can at least relate to him there.
Anyway, they primary the shit out of him.
Like the tag team of like Trump and the ADL essentially dropped so much money on this
congressional what Louisiana, Kentucky, some one of those two campaign races.
That he lost.
He lost to like an opponent that was basically just a no show didn't do any debates.
They just basically stood up in a mannequin and threw money at it just to get this guy out of office.
But they are to your point of like, you're hoping for this generation to die.
Basically the reason he lost.
I wonder if I can find these videos.
There are a bunch of AI videos that they dropped about him having threesome's
with Alexandria, Casio Cortez, AOC and I don't know Rashida Tlaib probably.
Let's see if I can find these Thomas, Massey.
They were just running these AI ads on TV and he lost.
You'll be shocked to know with like the over 60 crowd by huge margins.
And I do I do wonder like were those ads effective where they like.
Are congressmen is having sex with these two slanderous bitties.
But I'd love to find the ad.
Let's see if I can.
Oh, here we go.
It's all news.
This is also reheated news.
This already happened.
Thomas Massey already lost.
But here's one of these vids.
for the content of this advertising.
Mega Kentucky.
That worked, it turns out.
And honestly, it might not have mattered.
Basically, it seems like in a Republican primary, especially in Kentucky,
if you get the president Trump endorsement, you're very likely to win.
It was a little close actually, which might be a sign of, you know,
fraying support for Donald Trump somewhat.
But also maybe not because apparently Thomas Massey had always won.
By like hugely comfortable margins.
But I'd say I'd blame the old's view.
As soon to be or already the old's, depending on your age, I'm already one of the old's.
I'd blame the old's, but I don't know.
I don't know if I have much faith in my generation or younger generations to not.
Also completely lose their minds and just become geriatric psychopaths easily misled
by the most obvious manipulations.
We'll see as if the squad would even it is highly aspirational.
The idea that AOC or Rashid Tlaib, or the way which who even was that?
Am I am I thinking of the wrong person?
I might not be Tlaib.
I know I'm thinking of a totally different person.
Totally different person.
Who's the other famous squad member?
Can't remember.
Shocking case.
I can't believe you can't remember who even was in the squad.
Who is the squad?
It's like, you know, it rotates.
Sometimes it's the Punisher and sometimes it's like Iron Man, Sol over the place.
Ilan Omar is the name I'm trying to think of.
Thank you.
Yeah, that was Ilan Omar in AOC.
Tlaib didn't make the cut for, I guess, name recognition and this guy's having a threesome
with two politicians.
How sad.
Scotty Too Hotty.
Well, what if they just done Scotty Too Hotty ads?
Thomas Massie is fucking 90s wrestler Scotty Too Hotty in hotels.
That's probably and you probably don't like that anyway.
We paid for this.
Okay, let's do a couple more.
Then we'll get these segments out of the way.
And then we'll retire forever.
Permanent retirement?
No, we'll just we'll take the weekend up.
Who should be the next member of the squad?
Great question.
Okay, so you throwing your name in?
I don't think he'll have me.
Don't think it's worth it to even try.
Okay.
This is the last couple of stories.
Our options are Lily on a Matt Liddell, Grandman, Exclamation Point 4,
and Matt Liddell, my Exclamation Point 4 coming in at Exclamation Point 4.
That makes a little more sense.
I think Exclamation Point 4 could really make an impact.
Yeah, never underestimate Exclamation Point 4.
It's kind of it is a little disturbing how ubiquitous.
I mean, when AI imaging started coming out, the assumption was it was primarily going to be
used for the winner was Exclamation Point 4.
The assumption was it was the primary use cases were going to be like AI deep fake porn,
cheating on your homework and political propaganda.
And those have been the main three use cases.
The political propaganda one has been a little more ubiquitous than I would have expected,
given how bad and gross AI video still looks.
But I guess, you know, if your vision is not great and you're kind of your brain
sort of melting, then it's highly effective.
And that's a lot of the country.
Bad vision and brain melting?
Yeah, that's about 70% of the country, it turns out, unfortunately.
Why not all three at once?
Sometimes they do do all three at once.
Anyway, research, favorite niece among America's most misspelled words of favorite and niece.
So if you have a favorite niece, you're really in trouble.
There's no way you're spelling it, right?
Damn, so sad.
The website unscramble.com has let us know.
Other words include favorite through business tomorrow, because definitely beautiful,
niece and separate.
Those would not have been on my list of words that are really that hard to spell.
What's on your list of words that are hard to spell?
Gabard hoisted, yes.
It leaked?
What did it leak?
We ordered food and it leaked.
Did it leak all over the counter?
How badly did it leak?
What leaked the food?
Just the food?
I don't know.
Maybe there was a little guy in there leaking.
Maybe a little guy snuck into our Uber Eats order.
Wait a minute.
I know this website.
UP, oh, there he is.
Okay, never mind.
Moving on.
I'm Ben Hooper and this is your UPI Odd News Minute for Wednesday, May 20th, 2026.
A Ford F-250 sold by a Kansas dealership is remaining at the facility for the time being
due to a Robin's Nest on the pickup truck's tire.
Tell it to a soup.
The old late Ford Lincoln dealership revealed on social media that an employee
recently noticed a mother Robin building her nest right at the top of one of the truck's tires.
In the ensuing days, the bird laid four eggs that finally hatched on Thursday.
The dealership said it is unable to move the family as active Robin's nests are federally
protected.
That's beautiful.
Man, he covers those stories with so much authority and grace.
What a fucking legend.
The post said this may be the only...
This one has 187 views, guys.
Look, I can be fine with forever being a tiny creator in the smallest and weirdest of niches,
but goddamn, the Hoopman himself deserves a cool milly on every video.
It really is a mistake of heritage of justice.
These are sort of the secret vinyl tracks that people...
You can only know if you know.
Yeah, it's kind of an underground cult, pretty cool following that Ben Hooper has,
which I am proud to be a part of.
Okay, a couple more stories here.
Oh, this is case news because it's Chinese.
Chinese authorities destroy villagers.
Ramshekel 10 story studio Ghibli asked home.
Oh no, okay.
Is your faves?
Are your favorites washed?
China, how could you do something so uncool?
The home in the village, Zhenyi in Guizhou province,
had become a tourist attraction, but officials said it lacked the necessary
building permits.
I wonder if there's...
Oh, the Guardian.
Come on.
Oh, there we go.
This is...
Does this count as studio Ghibli style?
That is pretty sick though.
Look at him in there.
This looks more like...
In case you've ever been to universal studios here in Los Angeles.
This looks more like the style of the Water World show to me.
Just to quibble a little bit.
Guizhou?
Is that how you say that?
Guizhou?
Let's not keep trying.
We're making it worse.
Well, RIP.
RIP to a...
To be fair, very dangerous looking home.
The Weasley house?
The borough?
Yeah, he's combining.
He's mixing his architectural inspirations here.
Oh, we already talked about this, but the late show has ended.
Yeah, you mentioned that.
Oh, they had a balcony there.
That's fun.
Ah, what's this?
In case you can see your dream of talking to Paul McCartney.
You know, oh, we got to play with...
Okay, this is a very cold air ending for the show.
Celebrity make a wish camp.
Every day is celebrity make a wish camp.
When you're a true celebrity.
What is case's dream interview?
God, who would I actually want to talk to?
Ben Hooper?
I can't argue with it, but that feels like cheating case.
Look, we all have our dreams.
We all have our dreams.
Rob Elvie.
Yeah, Rob Elvie.
Finally Hooters restaurants are set to undergo a rebrand to a neighborhood place for families.
Interesting.
Yeah, interesting.
Are they going to maybe change the name?
Well, it's also an owl.
That's a good point.
In fact, the owl featured prominently in the design.
In a way that I'm struggling to even remember actually,
now I'm just thinking about how family friendly owls are.
Change the name to Hoots.
Look, I already said kids need to learn about,
you know, cantankerous old people are going to smash their dreams into bits.
There's no reason these kids can't learn that those same old people will go to Hooters to
augule much younger women.
Young guys would do that too.
So you're saying don't change the restaurant and I'll just say it's family friendly?
Yeah, just, you know, still have the same aesthetic exactly,
but be like kids welcome to see how that goes.
Hooters is turning over a new wing,
aiming to trade its spicy image for more family friendly.
The restaurant famous for its female servers with boob uniforms that also feature butts
is rebranding back to its original concept,
which CEO Neil Keifer described as a beach theme place
centered around the Hooters girls, good food and being an easy place to relax.
Wait, it's still centered around the Hooters girls?
Oh, they are just doing what I said.
They're just still going to have
busty waitresses serving children, I guess.
It's just this, but kids, this plus kids.
He claims a major shift in the company's direction after that happened after the
original owner sold Hooters.
Despite the notorious little uniformed Keifer said Hooters has always been family friendly.
Ah, kids eat free Saturday deal has long been a thing.
Interestingly, better than the family of four I saw last month at Twin Peaks.
It is, you know, it's beach themed.
Yeah, it's if it's the clothes are tight enough, that's beach.
That turns out that's beach.
We also will be doing the debate later.
I did talk over that quite a while ago.
Turns out tits are always welcome.
We can't body shame these women who are being forced to wear these clothes by their employer.
Yeah, they're doing exactly what I said.
Just don't just say it's family friendly,
but still have these ladies serving them whatever.
When I was working on cruise ships,
which I bring up way too often,
but there were always Hooters at the ports.
I guess Hooters is a popular port side restaurant for some reason.
So and there weren't always, you know, that many places to eat a burger,
right by the, wherever we docked.
So we would go to Hooters.
I only say that to say there were tons of kids at those Hooters already.
So maybe he's onto something there would be like families of eight.
Just just digging into some wings.
So the transition already happened, I guess.
Kids do kids.
Kids are the actual users of boobs.
All of us adults are just pretenders, even the women who have them.
I'm saying kids are the technically the use case scenario for boobs.
That's a really, I don't like the way you put that.
And honestly, nobody should.
And that's why we're going to end this particular segment and send it to a debate.
It's debate time.
Why hello there.
Actually, the use case scenario for all breasts is Crumb's head because his head looks like a boob.
Not okay, maybe not my best one.
And not that it wasn't still a good one, but maybe not my best one either way.
Crumb sucks and he's here.
Incomprehensible as always and whatever.
Hello, I'm Leonard Crumb.
This is Munch and Crumb.
The show where you shut the debate and we just debate it.
You knock the window out of my shell a little bit by just starting so bad.
Giggle Trash says have to walk through a barrage of shops trying to sell you stuff.
Then Hooters, but yeah, basically near the dock.
What's what do people have again?
Why does case hate dock Hooters?
Like a doctor Hooters?
No, Hooters on the dock.
Doc Hooters.
That's not a common term.
That's not in the American lexicon.
Doc Hooters is so common.
How many Hooters have you been to at docks?
Probably most of them.
Probably all probably pretty much every one of them.
Globally, if you're a fan, you want to sample the wares of every single dock Hooters.
That's a really sad admission, admission that you would do that.
Like you traveled intentionally to no, I'm just so well traveled.
And as I mentioned, I'm basically immortal, basically immortal.
I'm a fully immortal, obviously.
So you know, I've had a lot of time over the years.
Hooters came around like in the 90s.
Okay, whatever.
Look, the debate today is, is it more embarrassing in public to have an itch up your nose or an itch up your butt?
It really depends on how you go about solving either of those particular issues, but
you can't really pick here.
I feel like it's a pretty easy but one.
No, because the nose, you're more likely to get, you're wrong as usual.
Well, I do think it's more embarrassing to scratch your, you know, your stinky ass with your fingers.
Stinky ass?
Well, probably if it's itchy, there's a stink to it because maybe your fetted asshole has developed itchy sores.
You're making a lot of assumptions that are leading to gross images there.
Okay.
I'm on the side of I think it's more embarrassing to have an itchy butt.
And I think it's actually your nose for reasons that I will eloquently explain.
And as usual, you're wrong.
And then, you know, this debate is essentially already solved.
And we could easily skip it and just give me the points.
In fact, should we do that?
No, Mod, if you don't mind.
The whole point of this is that we do debates.
You might think it's just to insult me with an A-banter, but actually the thing we do here
is debate meaningful.
Well, we debate topics.
I actually think this is a pretty important one though, because if you really think that your nose
is more embarrassing than sticking a, you know, a dirty claw up your heini and scratching away,
you know, like a, like there's a scratch and sniff sticker stuck in your anus.
You think that's fine.
Then there's a lot more for us to discuss about the declining hygiene standards in this country.
If you've even got the whiff of ass itch, there's a chance it could be something more serious.
And you're not cleaning your butt well enough when you wipe all the stinky poop out of your
ass crack.
Why are you talking like this?
I'm just trying to scry.
I'm just trying to articulate my point here.
Can I, can I actually finish?
Can I get, can I get some time back?
If you're going to keep interrupting me?
Look, it's a sign that maybe you're not scraping all of the stinky poop out of your butthole every
time that you have a big dumpy shit in the toilet.
Okay, Jesus Christ.
I'm just saying it's a real concern.
So it's more embarrassing because it's a sign of declining hygiene standards in this country.
Look, I just think that there's ways that you can sneak a butt itch in.
You can even kind of adjust in the chair sometimes and take care of it.
Whereas if you have an itch deep inside your nose, there's really not a good way not to just
straight up be obviously picking your nose.
If it's on the outside of your nose, assuming you haven't been scratching the inside of your
asshole like Crumb wants to apparently, then yeah, that would be, that would be fine.
Assuming you don't go straight from scratching your ass to rubbing your nose.
But if it's deep inside your nose or in your parlance, Crumb, if there's a bunch of fucking
nasty boogers in your nose holes.
Okay, now I'm following you.
I wasn't really even tracking what you were saying until you described it.
Yeah, if you got stinky green bugs in your nose,
then that shit's gonna end up on your finger when you just try to scratch the inside of your
nose.
Whereas, you know, again, you can sort of sneak a butt itch in easily.
Obviously I deserve to win, but I'm just, I don't understand why your brain went so baby mode.
Well, I mean, it's obviously more embarrassing to have a big stinky itchy asshole than to have
a little bit of scratch in your nose.
And that's just a fact.
I mean, really, can we not be adults here or people afraid to talk about?
They're poop-crusted stink-knot?
How are you grossed out by this?
You say way worse stuff than that.
I thought we had a tie too.
This is a low vote.
You scared away the voting base today with the words and choices of your words.
This sounds like a gay furry fetish.
But itchy stinky stink-knot?
I don't know which of your words was the particular fetish word, but one of them.
You say we used to speak, you know, in more enlightened times we used to speak about
assholes with reverence and eloquence.
You know how many Shakespeare's poems are actually about scratching his asshole,
but you would never know because we used to actually use floored language to cover up
our base animal desires.
But now we've lost all art of artfulness intact.
And what are we left with?
Just a man with a boob head talking like a piece of stinky butt.
What's up, Kyle?
Too much ass focus today.
Too much scatological humor.
And actually I'm a little too adult for that.
Since when?
You just called me a stinky poop butt.
Not what I said, what I said was way smarter than that.
But you are a stinky poop butt.
Like I won't deny that.
Obviously there's a time and a place, and that place is if I need to call
Krum a stinky poop butt, which you obviously are.
But you know, I'm just saying, you know, in more enlightened times we would have made
that a sauna and people would have barely been able to tell that.
Basically what I was just saying is that Krum stinks like an asshole.
Forget a back scratcher, you need a butt scratcher.
What would that even look like?
Okay.
Uh, a finger on a stick.
That wouldn't be effective.
You need a curved claw.
You really think a pointy, a pointy stick is going to
satisfy the longing ache of your itchy asshole?
No, you need a curved implement with a subtle, rubbable,
you know, sandpaper-ish tip.
A banana, you know, a banana shape, but it's got to be longer.
Ideally it's probably more like a scythe,
so that you have a little bit of grip, and then you can sort of
wrench the asshole.
It's a little bit of like a butter churning motion, but bent.
You really get in there and just...
And then you get a good solid itch from the inside, scraping it up the anus.
No, not a shithorn.
That's a pretty good name for it.
You're onto something there.
A shithorn, yes.
And you know what?
This is why we take Fridays off usually.
You got your weekend brain or something.
I don't even understand.
The poop knife?
Okay, we're not taking any more ideas.
There's more segments coming up or something,
and I will always be back because I'm the best.
Bye-bye.
We're back for another town hall, everyone.
It's been too long.
We're back.
Sorry, today we have to talk to...
Oh, Houshuu is already here.
Jeffery thing.
But also Jay Nothing.
I'm just making sure Jay Nothing is ready.
Yeah, that'll do.
Hope you're all doing well.
Oh, wow, look at this crowd.
They're just so...
You guys are always so active and engaged.
We really appreciate it.
All the support.
Of course, get your questions ready.
Exclamation Point TH
is how you step up to the mic actually here at the town hall.
A lot of very active audience.
Chomping at the bit to talk to today's guests.
Who are, of course, Jeffery thing.
Who's doing double duty today.
Jeffery thing, thanks for being here.
I what? Did I leave?
My name's Jim Nephrim.
Sorry, Jim Nephrim.
Thank you.
Also joining a surprise, a little surprise guest today, Jay Nothing.
Not that guy.
I don't know if I like that.
I don't know if I like that.
Move down from his eyes to his whole...
This whole deal.
Hey, Jay Nothing, how's it going?
Hey, what's up, man?
Good to see you.
Good to see you, Jay Nothing.
How have you been?
I've been pretty good, man.
Good to see you.
We've collaborated.
We've collaborated before, so...
Love you, man.
I love you too.
I don't like any of this.
Not a fan.
Personally?
Not a fan.
Let me do one thing really quick.
Okay.
Looks like we got a couple of Town Hall thoughts in here.
So let's get into it before we get out of here for whatever else we have going on today.
Yes, you there.
What is your question?
If you were a senator, who would be in your menage atua?
Like an...
I always associate senator with the Romans.
I think he probably means an American.
He's talking about the Thomas Massey thing from earlier.
Yeah, but I think if senators is like Caesar and stuff.
So for me, I'd have to be like little Caesars, the pizza guy.
And...
And...
The guy from the Gladiator?
Russell Crowe?
No, the Gladiator.
Okay.
For me it would be the final twinkling star before the heat death of the universe.
The infinite cold void that follows.
If you were a senator.
Great question.
Thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
I guess you there.
Hooters.
Toot it or boot it?
It's a very serious question.
Please treat it with respect and reverence.
Don't panic man.
We're your friends here.
We're not out to get you and that's a really good question.
I would say toot it.
There's a lot of hard-working people at Hooters.
They actually also sometimes have some pretty decent open mics which people don't realize.
Like it's a very welcoming crowd at a lot of places where you play music
while people are eating at a family-style restaurant.
You get looks like why are you here.
But at Hooters honestly everyone is just like...
At the end of their rope.
Like they'll put up with anything.
And I really respect that.
So toot it.
Everything is booted.
At the end the boot steps on us all.
Thank you for your question.
That's a very good question.
Okay great.
Yes you there.
Bat lady.
Should K supply for partnership?
What's stopping him?
K's.
They're not asking me.
They're asking you too.
You two are the guests.
I think he's a...
Is K's a good partner?
I think the bigger the best question in any partnership is
what does the partner think?
And that I'm not sure how Twitch feels about it.
So I'm just gonna say KC need to really check in with your partner.
I need to check in with Twitch.
All of us will return to the partnership of nothing.
But should I apply for Twitch partner?
Probably.
That mean why not?
Seems like not that hard.
Thank you.
Okay sure.
Yes you there.
Yes.
Miss.
Did you have a thought for us?
You look real focused up but...
If you could just say your piece.
Miss.
Miss.
Focus up.
Did you break?
Please.
She doesn't want to do it y'all.
Second rate gun reference you've seen this week.
Reference?
I think she's here.
Okay what happened here?
What happened here?
Why won't you work?
Okay can someone just read her question?
New restaurant idea slongs men waiters in speedos yes or no.
Okay take it back she had something to say.
New restaurant idea slongs men waiters in speedos yes or no.
New restaurant idea slongs men waiters in speedos yes or no.
I think the last one is a real voice because she's Australian.
Right.
Slongs I think honestly if it works if it works for the ladies the fellas can get out on it too
and I'd be happy to perform at any of the open mics at slongs assuming that there's room
in the schedule and that there's you don't even need a full stage exactly you just need enough
space to set up your light machine and that's sometimes that's the limiting factor for me because
I do need the light machine so assuming they can fit my light machine that's a toot it for me.
The greatest slong of all is the slong slide to total slentropy.
What?
I like the idea of it though I like the idea of the darkness of the boys being released.
The darkness of the boys.
The infinite inky void between their pants.
Nothing miss that somehow is a real mouthful.
Thank you for your question let's move right along actually.
Yes you there yes are you gonna make us wait for it too?
You're gonna really everybody's so locked in today geez.
If you all shake hands with Jay wow does the universe explode?
Really good question I'm assuming you're referring to the movie Tim Cop?
But a guy named Tim who can't shake hands without killing the whole universe
and I felt really bad for Tim and I hope that's not the case because I love to shake hands.
If that answers your question.
If I were to reveal the true nature of my hands there would be no universe to shake.
There would be no rumbling the stars or the deepest core of the planets.
Okay hey don't do that to my voice okay yes whatever I'm sorry for the second one.
Yes you there.
What will you do about the ghosts in heat that have been plaguing our pizzerias?
Oh give them like a two for one deal if you're a ghost you eat for free because I don't think
they even eat that much because their stomachs are also ghosts and I'm pretty sure ghosts don't even
eat pizza I think they only want like a they at best they just get like a diet coke so they're an
easy customer so please just give them a little bit of a pat on the back you know give them a
little something that feels like a bonus even if it's not and you're good to go.
Same thing works for giving away CDs by the way.
Yeah
Okay she didn't like that answer that's fair.
Yes you there.
Why is everyone taking their sweet time today?
Bark bark asterisk yes we all know that classic flirting line but have you thought about how
that makes god feel?
No good trumpet.
Interesting I like this one you may join me in the opulent dinkness of the thing.
What that works?
That was too satisfying didn't even go to Jeffery thing.
I feel left out.
Yes you there.
Best buddy cop movie.
Legally Blonde.
No that doesn't count.
Legally Blonde.
Uh don't do that to me.
Best buddy cop movie.
People aren't gonna like this but it is rush hour.
Oh come on it's rush hour.
Think about it it's the most buddy cop movie there is.
If you think of a buddy cop movie you think of rush hour.
No there's also um the one with Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg.
Miss congeniality too.
Cop and a half.
There's so many did they ask you case or did they ask me?
I'm changing my name my answer to rush hour.
You're both going with rush hour.
Yes.
Okay well you scared him off he wasn't happy with that.
Oh yes you there.
Yes he is.
Did you have a thought for us?
Rooster fighter too much chicken fucking or not enough?
Um I actually think it's sort of a beautiful message if the premise of a show is fighting
but it leads to fucking or that is to say love because really love conquers everything
even chicken fucking fighting.
I stand on the side of the people and the roosters great.
There's not enough.
There's never enough.
Death is just an orgasm into the new life of nothingness.
Oh all right uh yes you there.
So nothing how much can you fit in your void?
The town does have a landfill shortage you know.
Yes give me all of it.
Feed the trash into my gaping hole.
I will consume it all eventually.
But also there's some like legal there's there's you have to get a permit.
A permit?
You have to check in with you have to get a permit.
I don't I don't feel like I'm qualified to answer this one so pass pass for me.
Oh she's got yeah she's hard to recover.
Bran Bran I think I got turned around and in the wrong segment has anyone seen my Bran Bran?
Brandon.
Oh she lost.
We didn't answer in time.
Sorry about that.
Is Costco the king of gas station pizza?
Where is everybody going?
What the fuck?
Miss come back.
Become the void also looks like JD Vance.
Listen to go back to the pizza one yes
and to answer your question I think it is JD Vance.
JD are you are you JD?
Because I'm always for a name change.
What are you talking about no no no not me.
Look the thing is wait a minute are you just JD Vance doing a certain face that we're not allowed to do?
No there's I'm doing no face.
I don't have I'm nothing.
It's a whole face that would be more accurate.
This I can't get in trouble for this I I'm nothingness.
Jay nothing Jay nothing I sometimes can I say this I don't like the way you talk about yourself.
I think you're more than nothing I think you're beautiful.
I think people don't understand you I think people underestimate you.
I think you've got a lot to offer and I think we should collab more.
You know not a lot makes sense on this stream but this one's really pushing in.
Okay thank you for your question stop the sad music.
Oh okay he doesn't have anything oh and he's done this is a test.
This is a test what are you guys testing me for?
Stop trying to test me.
Were there any actual questions thank you for testing me hamster.
Did you have a question for us?
No you didn't.
Okay then we're done.
I think we're done.
This is a test.
Yeah okay fine that's fine.
Glasses guy from Bleach.
Tense of your question there wasn't a question.
Tense of your question it is a test and you all have passed.
Congratulations you may now enter the void of nothingness.
Join me at the corner of victory and I don't even think those two intersect.
You know what maybe that was just JD Vance doing a face he's not allowed to do.
Case.
You just don't understand art.
Okay that's why I gotta go thank you everyone thanks to all my fans for applauding silently.
I really do it all for you.
The end of the day I do it all for you.
It's about you guys.
You guys are the real heroes.
You guys are.
Okay I do have to go though.
Okay well that's the best we can do it turns out.
But not the best you can do because you sent us possibly a bunch of stuff to look at.
Internet videos let's find out what they are right now.
Uh oh.
Oh no I can't stop the music.
Oh god I can't stop the music stop the music.
There it is anyway okay it's time to go amongst the web actually.
Who put this black box over me.
I don't appreciate this.
Sorry one second.
We're struggling here.
Okay.
Don't worry I can I can fix it.
Okay there's that.
It's everything you've already done your thing.
Oh that's just me.
Okay there we go.
Good enough good enough.
My computer is melting maybe.
It's very possible.
Can you stop trying to shape shift me into your very simulacrums.
I'm here to look at internet videos.
What are they doing?
What are those?
What are those?
Don't worry about those guys.
Where's your beard go.
Don't worry about any of this.
All we're here to do is watch videos that were shared by chat amongst the web.
That's the name of it shut up.
Okay we're going amongst it's starting with um this coming in from card king.
Let's see what card king has for us here excited to find out.
Music just makes everything go down so smooth you know.
Frog king sure.
Didn't you have some other popular hits in that guy?
Didn't you have some other video that popped off a little while ago?
That I can't now remember but it was very stuck in
everyone's dirt man the dirt man.
I'm sensing a theme and frankly I like the theme dirt man frog king.
Obviously I'm not the guy I'm not going to be against those things.
I'm kind of a dirt man frog king guy myself.
Okay let's uh see what else we got here coming in from
giggled oh wait we have to rate things.
What sorry I forgot we haven't done this segment in a minute.
Yeah what did you just do?
Are you becoming the frog king?
No I just had something in my beard.
Yeah you can rate the videos by pressing the numeric keypad in front of you.
Rate the video on a scale of effervescence to luminality.
What?
One to ten right we're saying the same thing.
It came in at a 6.5.
I'll never tell love the hate.
So does it get a little taste out of that moustache if you know what I mean?
Cocaine was popular and then it used to be.
Now a lot of people are dropping that K into their nose you know what I mean?
Yes I guess but don't bring that up please.
Let's see coming in from giggletrash actually there we go okay.
It's on why won't Reddit ever load these videos?
Let's see what they got for us.
Oh crab party I'm surprised this thing fits so well.
That's beautiful.
There are some good uses of crab technology beautiful.
Sometimes I've been getting the use of crab tech like that because it's dangerous for the animal but
every once in a while they just make a banger using crab tech like that.
A lot of people are mad that we've pinned so much of our economy to crab tech but I think
it's all worth it at the end of the day for stuff like that.
Crab party I kind of wish there was more crab party at the end though.
Isn't the thing they clipped in at the beginning just fucking huge?
But they made it high ceilings for the crab party fortunately.
8.5 uh okay coming in from cut my life into pieces.
Then they want to say hi who?
I might have to get more vegetables.
Well maybe nobody wants vegetables then.
Wait come here come over here real quick.
That's my band mate.
That's my band mate uh Camdall.
Oh this is Camdall.
That's a yakuza boss.
I don't know if you can say that.
You want to see this video? Someone shared this video.
He's like what?
He's like what?
I said let's go up to the roof.
He goes I don't think I want to go up to the roof.
I said yeah come on let's go.
He said I'm uncomfortable going up to the roof.
And I said why?
You think I'm going to throw you off the roof?
Come on let's go we'll talk up there.
Just let me stay.
He goes I don't want to go to the roof.
I said get up on the fucking roof.
What?
Sorry what is this fucking video?
You didn't you guys didn't get it?
Camdall and I did not get that one.
That's from Giggle trash.
I don't know.
That was from cut my life into pizza.
Sorry not Giggle trash.
Animal.
It's fake.
Okay good.
That's animal.
That ends like this.
Oh so fun.
Well I'm glad it's not animal.
Cut my life into pizzas I don't know.
Is that thing I feel like I've seen this guy pop up on TikTok.
He's like some CIA guy that's always complaining.
Ah he's ex CIA.
So I'm sure he's talking about some clandestine activity.
But Kendall didn't like that one.
What?
I thought you were talking to them not to me.
No I was talking to them but I was just letting them know.
Kendall didn't give it a high score.
Oh she.
Can I tell who you're talking to?
Oh why are you confused how could you get confused about that on this stream?
I just don't listen to you personally guys.
Yes?
Kendall keeps putting like we always throw trash into just paper bags that are on the countertop.
No you cannot blame me.
I'm not blaming you.
You're not blaming me for this.
But if it's there for like days.
No it wasn't there for days I just got it yesterday.
I just want this to be yesterday.
Last night I put it on the counter.
Kendall did you have any life announcements you want to share with chat?
Yes.
I went to Unique Glow and bought me whole new outfits like three pairs of pants.
A case accidentally threw it away in the trash.
And then yesterday I bought more stuff.
I put it on the counter and now there's trash inside that bag.
But all my stuff is still in the bottom of the bag.
Tastes just not looking at the bags when he puts trash in a bag on a counter.
There's like mail sticking out of it.
No that's you you put that there.
Maybe it's me.
I'm just saying a lot of trash goes in paper bags that are on our countertop.
I know but just look inside.
It's true.
Just look inside.
All he has to do is go look.
Don't put that trash.
I agree and you're right.
Also though you should just take the stuff out of the bag.
Oh my god it was there from last night.
It was new.
Oh my god you somehow hit the other guy too.
Oh I got residual damage.
No I didn't do it.
What did I throw in there?
Potato sacks.
I put potato sacks in there.
Fortunately I didn't put any wet foods in there because that would have happened eventually.
Is she bringing it?
Is it clothes?
I don't know what's even in there.
Wet things don't go in paper bags.
Is it clothes?
No it's actual useful stuff like tampons and pads.
Oh okay well those are absorbent so if I throw wet stuff in.
I'll be more careful.
Disappointing.
I've disappointed this guy.
I am also disappointed.
Okay let's see what else chat has for us.
You're gonna go complain to your sister about me?
That's illegal.
Terrible.
I've changed.
Look I there's a lot of bags.
It gets confusing.
Just use the trash.
You have it then sometimes is there just a bag around that you throw trash in?
No it happens okay.
We're not here for this.
We're here to watch these internet videos.
Oh my god what the hell?
And he's getting rocked.
Total crap special LUT3.
22 my May 2020 mantra okay.
Total crap.
I disagree.
I was invested.
I want to know what happened.
Hey maybe somebody found those clothes that I accidentally totally threw away.
And my defense at the time there were a bunch of bags of trash to take out.
And it was with them.
Who got those bags of trash together?
We'll never know.
They should remake this.
Yeah they did.
It's yeah Cowboy Bebop Peter Weisman.
They remade it was the Cowboy Bebop anime.
Oh I love that one.
Yeah they did a good job.
Okay well end on this other guys.
Well you know we've seen The Dirt Man.
Actually I'm realizing that it's 545 and that I do have things to do tonight.
So there might be too many segments for us to finish.
I think maybe we do the classic push of encircled.
And maybe even DJC4 to Monday.
And we just play.
We just game it out to get us out of here.
There was also I guess an expert request was there.
Oh is that from yesterday?
Yo we're sending it back to the news studio.
Just quickly.
And then we'll figure all this out there.
It's news time again.
He's been sent away.
He's been sent on the trail.
Throwing yeah I gotta throw some more clothes away tonight.
You know I never want to have too many clothes.
Keep that closet tight.
Okay wait what was the who was I who asked that request.
So many branded mom notifications in here.
Call for an expert.
Oh Jeff Pro.
How do you say his name?
How do you say Jeff Probst.
Prost.
Is it just prost.
What.
YouTube isn't gonna tell me.
PronounceNames.com.
Mm-hmm Jeff Probst.
Probst.
Probst.
So you do hear the B.
It's not just prost.
Anyway the request was to talk to Jeff Probst.
But also a Fox.
So maybe we can two for one this one and talk to Jeff Probst the Fox.
That seems as unreasonable as anything else we do.
Joining us is Jeff Probst the Fox.
That's not him.
It's just me.
God damn it this is one of my clones.
I need Jeff Probst the Fox actually.
Yes you there.
Oh fuck man.
Oh god.
There were no survivors this time.
What.
Fuck man they all died.
I've been hosting the show for too long that I couldn't keep up.
Oh god.
This is yeah you kind of just look like me.
I'm alternate universe case whose name Jeff Probst who hopes Probst
will survive her and I didn't do a good job.
There's just everybody was too upset about the winner or something.
I'll be honest I checked out of the show.
I don't I didn't care enough about the show.
I thought I could get away with spawning it in I couldn't.
They took the premise of the show really seriously.
They said there could only be one survivor.
I said there'll be fucking me.
We had a huge bang out fight.
Axes I don't know where they got them.
They were supposed to be on set.
Everybody whipped out fucking axes.
The tribal council.
Spears.
Actual tribal shit started happening.
It was it was fucking brutal.
I am the survivor.
I can announce that I won the 50th season of survivor.
I'm the only survivor in the Fox case reality where I'm the host of that.
Me Jeff Probst the Fox.
To answer your question I didn't even introduce you really.
Oh sorry man I'm worked up.
I have a fucked up.
I've had a fucked up week.
I killed 30 people that are foxes because we're there.
There were foxes there.
Yeah you're bleeding into your retina.
No actually I just kind of have anime eyes.
Sort of one of my appealing features.
This is doing it for you.
Doing what?
Is it doing it for you?
A mutilated fox face.
Oh do I look bad?
You look like you might need some stitches.
On my face?
You want me to give you a more like tough guy look?
You think they'll still let me host the show after I killed every contestant?
Yes I thought so too.
Anyway we're busy today so I do have to go.
You're busy today.
I'm really busy today so I do have to go actually.
But thanks for having me.
It's been great to to kind of air my piece of this side of this.
My side of the story.
No one was giving me a fair shake.
I don't even know what you're talking about man.
Apparently from a different reality of foxes.
No fox guys and I'm the host of Survivor There.
We covered it.
We covered it all and we're done.
I'm calling it we're done okay?
Great that's fine okay we're sending it down to Brandon who's gonna play Buck Bumble actually.
Sorry Jeff Prost is really busy so he didn't have a ton of time to talk but I'm sure it would
have been good and he would have made some interesting points.
Anyway it's Brandon time.
Hey hi hello.
Hello.
So you're playing Buck Bumble it's me crypto Zeus.
It's my name.
Everybody calls me Brandon it's not my gamer tag it's kind of crazy.
Brick what?
What?
And I'll never shit case on notice.
Shit oh that's fair.
Honestly like do better dude do better.
You can't just be leaving you can't just be leaving a can't be cleaning up people's stuff.
That's stuff you like my mom used to do that to me.
She'd say like hey this bag has been sitting here for six years.
It's got your wet clothes in it there's just been wet clothes in here for six years.
There's a family of voles living in this bag.
We have to take it out and be like those are my clothes.
Hey Bram Bram what fried pickles from Hooters.
Yes I gotta go get some tight t-shirts and model them for Pastor Joe.
Fine do that but I will take the pickles like can I have those first
are you gonna pick them up there?
Whatever I gotta play Buck Bumble I don't have time for this.
I'll get my own pickles I guess.
Fuck.
Sucks like why make the offer if like you don't have them currently.
Buck Bumble everyone.
You probably remember this game sort of um yes Brick.
I think it was the first game.
Hey Brandon did you see that town hall earlier?
My voice came out of your mom's mouth.
Normally stuff goes into your mom's mouth.
Yeah obviously mouths are used for both speaking and putting stuff in Brick.
Congrats.
But if you talk like my mommy then like that's on you like if I
you're not my mommy so I look I'm not entirely tracking what you're saying but
either way I use sound dumb is my point you sound dumb okay.
Where is Buck Bumble?
I gotta find him mom what I'm trying to find Buck Bumble.
I'm gonna go into the dinner as a six baba.
What?
I don't know what she's talking about.
Okay.
Thank you as always live and sleazy for like actually doing putting this together.
So that I can just click on it.
No controller press pack present cannot save.
Buck Bumble what are you doing?
Remember earlier when your mom had my voice in the town hall.
No.
That's how balls deep I was.
What I mean what I see was she speaking into a microphone ball or something.
That's not my preferred type of microphone.
What is going on with Buck Bumble?
Unfortunately it just says no controller pack present cannot save.
And other than that it won't load.
So I might have to go a little.
I just go deeper into the Buck Bumble hole.
And if enable cookies or something.
Buck please I want a Bumble.
Okay.
Oh wait.
I'm in sleazy has us backed up again.
Buck Bumble.
Come on Buck.
You can do it buddy.
I believe in you Buck.
It's downloading the game core.
Did Matt Liddell from Sloan's Bram Bram?
I really miss him.
What?
I legitimately don't know what you're talking about mom.
Like that's whatever you just said sounded a little bit insane.
Let me see if I can get this to work.
I heard taste black well as fucking shit up with the beautiful lady Ken doll.
She seems like a lovely doll.
Maybe you should make a move.
She could be a wonderful daughter in law.
Wait what did I just do?
Sorry my up key isn't working.
Mom I'm not I'm like I'm a bachelor okay.
I'm a confirmed bachelor.
What is this noise?
It was working for a second and now it stops.
Are you using 64 controller I bought you from Montgomery Ward?
No.
Uh shock strike a forward herd scout has been cited teleport from base and eliminate the enemies you find in the area.
I'm a little concerned that um oh okay.
What the hell am I looking at?
I mean isn't this just an Xbox controller?
Just using an Xbox controller.
What are the controls in this game though?
What the hell am I supposed to do?
Oh I crashed.
Oh I can walk.
Oh okay the hell is happening.
This just doesn't...
Is this like nights into dreams by playing nights into dreams again?
How did this happen?
Hey Brandy I know you'll never get a girl but if you do don't do what tastes
false well good and throw away your clothes.
Okay I mean I don't know why I would do that.
That sounds fucking stupid.
Sounds like you have to be a fucking idiot to do that.
Um okay.
Hmm but if I was gonna do that I certainly would offer to pay for the clothes repeatedly
and get the same ones that's a thing I would have already done.
Mom don't wear those it's probably like a trap.
Someone's trying to entrap you with the clothes.
What the fuck is happening in this game?
Like what?
Did I just get a different gun?
What the shit?
This is like Star Fox actually.
This is a lot like Star Fox.
None of these things are trying to fight me but I feel like I'm supposed to kill them.
Oh maybe I am.
I don't want to be your mother anymore.
Okay.
Do you emancipate yourself so I can confirm someone else as my child?
That isn't a hopeless bachelor.
Mom that's like it's illegal to say that to me.
That's child abuse and now I get to sue you
so that I can remain your son longer actually because of what you just said you're being recorded.
I mean it's hard to tell what you're saying because it's so fucking muffled but I think
I picked it up and I think what you said is dark and twisted.
Um I legitimately have no fucking idea what I'm supposed to be doing is
do I go in this hole?
It's not a hole.
Now watch me fuck.
Kill it.
Now watch me bumble.
Now watch me watch me bumble.
Watch me do it.
Okay.
This soundtrack is fire when it's not filtered through a submerged Nokia cell phone mic.
Is that what happened because it does sound horrifying.
It sort of sounds like a farting bee but maybe that's like a design choice.
I really needed to pay attention to the beginning of this game to know what the
fuck is supposed to be happening.
I'm buck bumble.
Oh the bees are back.
Okay.
Jesus.
Her gate open.
Oh I had to just kill all those bees.
Oh god I'm getting fucked up.
Okay.
Um this is fun.
This is making me feel like a little sick but that could also just be
like I've been told I have multiple ulcers.
Oh god really?
Okay I better hurry then.
Do I need to kill all the bees again?
God this is making me fucking sick.
This is making me fucking ill.
Dude die.
Die.
Die die die die die.
Okay I got his ass.
Got his ass.
Easy.
Oh Jesus Jesus Jesus.
I forgot to crash.
Oh wow.
An extra .99 inches of sub?
Yeah let's get him.
Mom get those.
Oh my god.
Die.
Die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die.
Oh are these my ultimate adversaries?
I like the story of this game actually I do like the story like the gameplay is whatever the story is good
We play mischief makers that game ruled this if makers actually is a good game
And yes, I would play that
Leave me alone bugs. Oh my god. Okay. How do I back up their way to back up?
What the hell is this thing dude leave me alone? Oh god my life is low. I didn't even know that I had life
Yes, I think so I think that's cannon for all bees is that they want to
like have sex with a
single housewife like in
the movie the movie
Not to be confused with the movie pop tart, which is actually I believe called frosted
Yeah, I've tracked the I mostly I've tracked the movie career of Jerry Seinfeld. I never watched the show. Oh
I died
What?
Boy
Teleport from base and eliminate all the enemies you find in the area
And that is what I've that's the whole thing
I'm gonna stop getting all these power-ups cuz I don't get what they do anyway
And I'm just gonna rock it out of here this time. I can basically speed beat this
How that I understand
Um show them what's up buck don't take any shit
What
Mom you're being insane. You're being like clinically insane today
And I just I don't know if that's appropriate
Is there there's got to be other things I can do like what is that gun pickup? I I got to
Did is there some button I hit to like use it um learning to moves
To be gay in grand sick way sauce. Oh shit. How'd I how did I do that?
I'm like I'm better now
Shaka bra. Oh God. I'm getting fucked up
but those like
Self-destruct bees or was that that I do that wrong? Okay. I need this gun
Give me this. I
Don't know. Is that what I already had?
Oh
Torjo I
Think my mom just said to Torjo. I don't know what that means
You guys fucked with the wrong bee
You guys just got bucked by the wrong bumble or I you I you just bumble the wrong buck
Something like that. Okay. Um
My god. I'm this is making me feel really good actually. I'm used to it now and
The visuals in this game were good
Did you know I'm an expert at the ps4 classic poop slinger? I
Didn't know that brick
But honestly like prove it I guess like prove it if you're gonna say something like that like I just have context to believe you
Sorry shit is that thing I need to kill?
One other
Okay, I got a different type of gun maybe I don't understand how I switch items and that does make me sad
control options
What?
Mom you're being actually fucking disgusting
I don't even know what they're talking about obviously, but I was grossed out by some sir. So reason I was disgusted by that
Okay, um
Did I eliminate all the beat these guys count as bees? I died
Yes, no
Oh
I hate this I hate I hate every second of this
No, I have some buck bubble more. Oh god
I thought I was about to be done buck bumbling, but there's so much buck left to bumble
Mom what?
I'm trying to buck bumble
Fucking disgusting
Yes
How did I change my gun earlier? Okay, I just did it again, but how?
What is the secret here? Oh?
Okay, it's okay. It's the other control stick. Okay, I figure I now understand how to bumble
Now nothing can stop my bubbling
Yeah, that was all of them right heard the gate open
You just say he's offering you a lot of movie to star in a movie
Like he's paying you and being in more movie cuz that doesn't sound like a good business deal mom
Buck just said yeah, it's hard to tell cuz the audio is so bad, but he buck just went yeah
God damn it Joe. That's the wrong hole
What is this Joe guy do is he like a contractor? Why is he filling so many holes?
Rick did you just fart too?
Cuz like I shouldn't be able to hear that that well over these comms like how loud are these farts? Oh my god
This game is fucking awful. I miss you know it
Okay, you know it is the improvement. Are you sure about that? Are we sure I?
Need us to think carefully because who knows what I'll have to play next. Oh god, okay?
Okay, please
Please anyone
I'm buck bumble and I'm letting her to distress signal. I
Want everyone to know that I'm very distressed
It's not about how loud you are God. It's about where the mic is
Rick stop doing that, please
Asking you as a friend just stop
Whoa, whoa, whoa something just changed just sped up
The game just substantially sped up. I don't know why I
Like legitimately
Why what the fuck I got a new power? Oh?
I have limited bullets and I wasted all of them. This is I think someone is trying to kill me. I
Think this game is making me mentally ill. I was trying not to blow myself up. Oh, I'm out of bullets and for my other gun
Now I've Jesus really terrible laser
Buck what the fuck are we supposed to do here? We killed everything are these guys enemies too?
I can't tell Rick. I do not like what you're saying and I will not subscribe to it. What am I supposed to do?
Why is it so much faster now?
Are these guys it? Oh God, I'm gonna die again. I'm gonna die again
It's really hard to shoot things on the ground because you fly towards everything and they're just on the ground
The game over screen is actually the credits
It turns out it move by that they mean like the games over you win
Well, I'm trying to say as we did it and I'm pretty proud of it
Hey, man, do you know if where I pick up my paycheck? I don't know who you are
I'm brought on you from a different universe, but I host survivor. I
Don't even know why I can see you at Metal Gear camp. I saved the earth from nukes. It was awesome
That sounds pretty cool. Actually. I'd love to know more
Yeah, me too. I don't want to talk to you. I don't do that. I don't talk to other people
Get out of here. You don't want to know about me a fox guy from another universe to host survivor
But in the universe where Brandon host survivor and he's a fox
No, I want to know that I'm fucking depressed from Brock buck bumble
But we've had them for so long why now like why now what do we do?
Are you bull and haunted virus aren't bothering anyone? There's our that's those are our viruses. I
Got a fucking go. I have to deal with this
governments trying to quarantine our house again because of the
highly contagious viruses that we house in here
Okay, let's send it back to case we can raid somebody we beat buck bumble
You saw it. That's the first that's the most anyone has ever played that game
And I'm honored to be the first person ever to be the mom. Yes
I don't have time I have to deal with the Ebola thing and
Like I need some recovery time from buck bumble. I'm I need a I need a I need a mental day for playing buck bumble for that long
Okay, bye. Goodbye Jesus
Oh my god
Guys incoming people coming over in 15. Oh
Look who it is. You know you didn't want to share any important life news
Yes, I've taken out my stuff from cases trash bag. So now it is a true
That's love everyone maybe we can get close to
Sorry about that. Yeah, no you ever play the n64 game buck bumble
I
Was a smart choice. You're not gonna want to play buck a bumble
It turns out
Okay, let's see who's on are you invited over. No, it's not your party or our party. It's just a party
That's happening. Yeah, it's just a party at our house. We don't know who's it is
It that happens sometimes
We have the house that people like to come over to
We have a rated statics later in a while. So let's do that
Yes, you work Memorial Day. No
Kind of there, you know, I might have spilled the beans a little. Yeah
No
She has no comment and it's her comments Tuesday. No
Ask me about Wednesday. Yeah, it's work Wednesday. No Wow
That's a great vacation policy
It's work Thursday in three weeks. No, oh
It's a very nice vacation policy
Wow, what a policy
Also, what are the pants one of the pants I got is like becoming sold out
So there's like a chance I can never have those pants
No
Uniclo so good. Yeah, I think you would like look good in one of their big t-shirts. I'll get a huge t-shirt. Yeah, let's go to the mall
We can go whatever you want
You know what I'm done. I'm done wearing this tie going casual mode
Well, I'm in the new stream y'all it's a Friday stream where we go crazy
Should I start wearing my shirt like this kind of a 70s look? Hey
It's working for me. It's so blousey
Guys have a great weekend. We'll see you soon. Say how to set it for us
We'll be back on Monday with more of whatever this is with even more energy and focus
focus and energy
Party time secret party stream
Cycord and all caps the same check, please check something
I think it's like check please
Really good party music bonus
Secret stream. Yeah, this is the secret stream
Just vibe it up start this oh
Hmm stand up it's the goal do that again, but stand wait why okay now stand
Zoom it though. Yeah. Oh lower lower
No
The higher higher higher higher higher higher your chest
higher
Whatever