I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Where does help from Anriel from begin?
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's do this!
I'm Pepito!
Hello everybody!
How's it going?
I'm typing things. Okay.
There it is!
Huh, am I super quiet?
Is this thing bust? There we go.
Now I'm loud as hell in my own ears.
Good to see you all.
Halfway through the OKC business trip.
I don't know what that means, but congratulations.
Um, who wants to see Bugs Bunny fight a giant dog in its original 3D?
There's a classic film festival.
Open question.
Yeah, my hair does grow fast. I'm actually not going to cut it though.
I've decided it's time to let the fates do what they will with my hair for a couple months.
We're going to grow it out.
Because Kendall said, what does your hair look like when it's really long?
I was like, you know, I don't know. We'll find out.
Look, in this world of violence, I got to recommit to my peace nick ways.
Grow out some long ass hippie hair.
Do it while I can. Yeah, that's a good point.
I don't think this hairline is getting any better.
But that does mean it's just going to always be in a crazy state whenever I do this stream.
Because for some reason my hair flies around a lot.
Yeah, maybe I'll get way stronger.
Maybe I can stop working out and just grow my hair.
That's the secret.
Anyway, uh, good to see everybody.
We're actually on schedule this week, sort of.
I mean, I'm a little late as usual, but I'm actually streaming on a Wednesday.
I feel like that's a win. Good to see a propaganda.
Mr. Wimbledo Skimer loved the hate.
Bundle Sprout, Reverie Wolf, the master mods, Life in Sleazy and Sabretia are in here.
It's a whole wonderful world of more news to talk about.
I mean, at least we get to talk about the news and there wasn't an end of all civilization.
So...
We'll take the wins we can get, I guess, and we'll just get into it.
It's news time!
It's still your desire. Don't let them take it from you.
Hello, worry warts.
Everybody's so stressed.
Like we don't have a plan.
Well, the plan's going according to schedule.
The schedule is Wednesday is Rick Day.
That's never been... there's no schedule.
It's just whoever I click on. Click on.
Before the stream when I click your phone number to call you to tell you to come in.
Point is, you're probably eating a bunch of crow right now.
Like it's...
Like you're at a bird cafe.
Because it's... because we didn't blow up.
We didn't.
Well, we are still blowing up.
Israel's still blowing up.
We're blowing up much less stuff than we could've.
So I bet you're all pretty happy.
I'm still caught up on the crow thing.
It's a saying, eating crow.
I think, um...
I hope it's not from the Jim Crow so I think it's unrelated to that.
You don't even know the origin of your own saying?
I don't... nobody knows the origins of sayings.
They just happen. Just like wars.
Uh... Electro like he says, till the AOTS come back again, see the cream team discord to see what I mean.
If you don't keep up with Jacky's you're never gonna know what they're referencing.
That's true.
He has a Russell Crow? No one wants to eat Russell Crow.
Not in that way. Nobody wants to... it's good if you eat Russell Crow.
You know, because then you'd be hooking up with Russell Crow I'm assuming or cannibalizing him.
You're losing track of the message of your case.
The message is... it's a bold new era of peace.
Ceaseless pieces of peace.
Reigning down upon all of us.
I'm feeling so peaceful.
We all are.
Crow tastes like chicken. You've eaten crow, Steve?
I mean, I'm assuming...
Plenty of people have eaten crow. They're out there.
They're very intelligent animals so I bet they taste great.
Rick, you gotta not say stuff like that.
Oh, what? It's not common knowledge that the smarter an animal is the better it tastes?
I've never heard that.
You're just not hanging out with the right people.
Um... okay.
Well look, you might have heard... let's see, you know... so there was a little tweet.
There may have been a little tweet from Donald Trump.
That everybody was...
catastrophizing about.
You can't catastrophize about a tweet that is just talking about creating a catastrophe.
Everybody was being very dramatic because the president tweeted,
a whole civilization will die tonight. Never to be brought back again.
I don't want that to happen but it probably will. He said probably so he's not wrong.
However, now that we have complete and total regime change, and he called it there,
where different smarter and less radicalized minds prevail,
maybe something revolutionary wonderful can happen.
Sorry, revolutionarily wonderful. I don't want to mess up the president's important words here.
Who knows? We will find out tonight, one of the most important moments in the long complex history of the world.
47 years of extortion, corruption, and death will finally end.
God bless the great people of Iran.
It's weird that the president wrote that because he's older than 47.
You know? Anyway, since then, we've, um...
We've bombed less. Have we? Have we?
Isn't Israel still bombing Lebanon? In violation of the terms of the...
So there's supposed to be a two-week ceasefire, right? And it's... We're already one day in.
And so they've kept bombing both targets in Iran, Israel that is, and Lebanon.
And anytime Israel bombs someone, that's basically us bombing someone
by the transitive property of us doing whatever Israel wants.
Or vice-versa. Oh, you know, we're joined at the hip. We're kissing cousins and we're making it hard all the time.
That is official US policy on Israel. Unfortunately, I'd love to make fun of you for saying that,
but that is, um, the record what our policy towards Israel is.
Um, anyway, a massive Israeli assault on Lebanon has in fact threatened the US-Iran ceasefire.
Darn it. Dang it. We're so close to total world peace forever.
But you know, you just... When your friend gets in a fight, what do you do?
You're making me read drop site news?
Yes, this is coming courtesy of drop site news.
Anti-American news reporting things that Iranians say?
He'll be shut down soon enough.
Uh, Wednesday afternoon...
Uh, there you go. Okay, wait, wait. One of the 16 strikes...
Okay, wait, they're giving us some kind of preamble here.
On Wednesday afternoon, Dalia 38 went to the gym down the street from her home
when a series of massive airstrikes rocked the city.
Uh, on the strikes, one of the strikes hit just up the street along the stretch of road between her apartment and the gym.
A road she walks every day. The blast was so forceful, it shook the building and left her ears ringing for hours.
Her first thought was of her daughter.
She immediately saw thick smoke rising in the air, she sprinted, and found her daughter crying fortunately.
All the children were traumatized.
Look, if you focus on actual people being bombed, obviously all of this is going to sound very bad.
But that's what's happening, but every time we bomb things, we bomb people.
No, sometimes we tactically bomb a building.
And I have people in it.
I think it's irresponsible to report this person's focus on people being bombed.
On things, my point is, it's more complicated.
According to Lebanon's civil defense, at least 254 people were killed and over 1,100 wounded in attacks today.
The vast majority of the casualties were in the capital and in its southern suburbs with over 150 killed.
Israeli assault came without warning and was by far the heaviest single wave of attacks on Lebanon over the past five weeks.
In Beirut, the speed and scale of the bombing stunned a population that has experienced successive wars.
But rarely like this, strikes landing almost simultaneously in broad daylight while the streets were crowded.
Is this a prank about how she goes to the gym?
Yeah, that was the...
Dropsite was really big in her up by letting us know she was going to the gym.
The Exterminator says, I read on Fox News that Trump is being commended by world leaders for his deal with Iran.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can report that Fox News has in fact been very bullish on Trump's moves here.
Although honestly, one of the sort of troubling developments of...
I mean, not the most troubling, but one of the weirder things to observe over the last couple days has been...
A lot of conservative influencers have...
Whoa! Here we go.
Giggle Trash, thank you so much.
Oh, we've hit the hundred!
It's donation time, baby. We're dropping it.
Mr. President, can I help you?
Listen up, Jack. Giggle Trash, just for Landerpies 10 money book.
And man, I probably shouldn't say this, but my fellow Ben Americans,
we have almost made it another week in this darkest timeline of the multiverse
to quote the late Harry Truman, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas,
makes for herbs, that shit'll come back with you.
Gosh, what a statesman.
It's just so great that all of our presidents are such statesmen.
That's very inspirational.
Thank you so much, Giggle Trash, for the donation. We hit 100 already.
So we'll be sending that over probably tomorrow.
You wish they would add mythical creatures to their fantasy stories.
That would be nice.
Anyway, one of the stranger things to observe has been a lot of conservative commentators have
basically flipped on the president this week in particular.
I mean, it's a little bit of a trend for like the Tucker Carlson's of the world.
But even fucking Alex Jones is out here being like,
what can we do to stop the president?
I mean, all of that feels a little, you know, the sky is falling, kind of.
Like, they're not really the most trustworthy source when it comes to critiques of the president.
Part of me feels like they'll just be kissing his ass in another month again.
But the reason it's troubling is, un-famous, Amos, thank you so much for the follow.
I mean, one of the reasons it's troubling is,
the Democrats haven't exactly been coming out full force to
call the president out for saying he's going to wipe a civilization off the face of the Earth
in an unprovoked war.
Like, when Marjorie Taylor Green has a harsher critique of the current administration than
Hakim Jeffries, not that anyone is surprised at this point, but
I just, at this point, what would the president have to say to get these people to be like,
Schumer blasted the deal?
Yeah, I mean, if anything, Democratic leadership is like,
they're just trying to go with the taco thing again.
That is so hurtful to say.
Because Trump doesn't like Mexican food.
I'm not sure that's true.
He just doesn't, he at least doesn't like half of what I just said.
It's been very pathetic to observe.
There are some Democrats coming out against it, obviously, like the AOCs of the world and
like the Roca, has had something to say, but
the reason it worries me is assuming we make it to an election.
Assuming, and obviously this ceasefire is standing on fucking toothpicks and
who knows what will happen, we could be back to whatever that fucking threat was.
He was dropping over Easter and by the time I finished this sentence,
if we ever make it back around to an election and you have a bunch of conservatives
that are trying to wash their hands of the disastrous Trump presidency
and they've spent the last four years like the Tucker Carlson specifically of
the world have spent the last four years being like, the president's a fucking maniac.
Not me, Captain Catholicism, who has incredible Christian values
and is an extremely earnest actor and has the best interests of everyone in mind.
If he gets to just like play that horn against, I don't know,
certain California governors, certain gruesome governors
who have been completely spineless in the face of everything both Trump
and Israel have done.
We're going to end up with another fucking Republican administration just waltzing back into the White House
and despite what they are saying, they will have the exact same psychotic agenda
that Donald Trump does just more eloquently put possibly with a steadier hand,
which to be fair, almost anything is preferable to this.
But that, not much more preferable, so anyway, so that's a say.
I hope the party pivots towards Democrats that have the semblance of being vertebrates,
but we'll see.
Citrix says I was honestly expecting the war to escalate and drag on
so that Trump cancels the elections.
It's still very well is, I suspect it will still drag on and escalate.
I mean, a two week ceasefire, particularly when you're dancing partners,
Israel does not mean fucking anything.
If you can trust anything from the Trump administration, it is that,
especially in the realm of diplomacy, nothing they say matters at all.
If I was Iran, I would feel zero security over anything that the administration says,
and I suspect they do feel that way.
The only thing I think they can trust is that they've done actual damage
to both America and the global financial economy, western hegemony essentially,
by proving that the very nature of war has completely changed
now that we have remote controlled flying bombs.
Really, if this war has proven anything, it's that now that you can strap fucking bombs to a GoPro plane,
everything that a lot of militaries is built on is essentially made out of sand.
So, we'll see.
It's a brave new world, whether people in the administration,
whether they would admit it or not.
The great threat looming over all of this and the reason that Donald Trump makes tweets like,
a whole civilization will die tonight, is the ultimate negotiation power
that a power like the United States has is, we have the most nukes ever.
We are literally a supervillain from a movie.
We could blow up the entire planet if we wanted to.
So, you know, those stakes existing are always going to hype the tension up to 10 billion.
But hopefully, we just have to hope that the general logic of mutually assert destruction would,
in this case and in all cases, we'll keep that from happening.
In all cases, it's like we have an expert request.
JD Vance, to discuss his master negotiation skills,
what an honor to even get a request to talk to,
in my opinion, still the future, the present and the future of politics.
A real evolution-style WWE faction of leadership we've got going on in the White House right now.
You're trying to say that JD Vance is the Randy Orton of the White House?
Because that is not fair to Randy Orton.
He's really not.
Well, anyway, are you going to talk to him?
Is that a thing that you can actually, can you really think you can get that guy?
Oh, no, he can't.
I don't think he can afford me.
What the fuck is up with this?
This won't do.
What's wrong? What happened?
JD Vance?
You've imbibed the piss spirit too intensely.
What?
What did I do?
Oh, my God.
This fucking reptile DNA is squirting out everywhere.
JD, I'm going to help you out.
I'm going to reinstall the filter that keeps your dark nature from peering outward.
Let's see if I can, though.
Am I back?
My monitors, my in-ear monitors went out.
I can't hear anybody.
I don't have piss eyes.
The contrast on the camera was way off.
Kind of show where you guys run in here trying to make me look bad?
That's crazy.
Hello, TastyZero.
See?
Your tier boy JD, everybody's thrilled to get to hear from me.
They're like, oh, yes.
JD is here.
Fuck yeah.
You notice I've been losing some weight? The president commented on it.
That's so fucked up of you to lose weight when I am also losing weight.
Can you just not lose weight if I'm going to lose weight?
What's your point?
Case, we really don't. I know you want to look like me.
Well, we really don't look that much alike.
It's just so ridiculous.
I make a healthy decision with the added benefit of possibly ever looking less like JD Vance.
That's never going to happen, Case.
JD, plug your ears.
You will never not look like JD Vance.
Yeah, are you also growing out your hair?
Yeah, I thought I might go with kind of like a cool sort of like,
I'm in a band type vibe.
It's a stressful time.
Everybody's, look, it's a difficult time for our country.
Obviously, like, we're doing an incredible job.
I stand behind the president 100%.
Also, what? What's that JD?
You know what?
Is the type of thing people that are afraid of the president would say.
But not me.
I stand behind him.
What do you think the chances of this ceasefire maintaining in the face of
continuing assaults from Israel is JD?
Well, look, we're obviously, we are proud of our partners.
Everybody has a partner that they love.
And for us, that's Israel.
And obviously, when you sign up to be with your partner,
when you, when you in college, maybe you meet your partner.
And, you know, obviously, as you get to know your partner, you might be like,
shoot, should I have picked a different partner?
There's a really nice blonde partner over there.
And she's recently, her dance card freed up.
But that's not how partnerships work.
So we're going to work with our partner to stay with our partner.
Because you might, I mean, you know, we've got a lot of
kettles in the air and we got kids already.
You know, what are you going to do?
You want to get the three doors down lead?
Singer role after Trump is gone.
Is that an option?
You can't leave politics, right?
Is it, can you just, are there, is there any record of a politician
smoothly transitioning from presidential contender to three
doors down cover band lead singer?
Because if there is a track record for that, then maybe we could
have a discussion.
Are you, I don't actually care, but are you all right?
You seem, seems like maybe you're worried about something.
Me?
Cool is a cock.
Ice club, cool, cool.
Cucumber.
What other changes can case make to emulate his hero, J.D.
Vance? This is a really good question.
I'd love to advise you as J.D. Vance.
I'd love to tell you how to do it, but, you know,
lightning in a bottle, you can't catch it, man.
Unless your Benjamin Franklin proving electricity is real.
And I said is real, not is real.
Not fucking a couch.
Yeah, you know what? Don't fuck a couch, and that'll make
you more like me. We're past that.
Guys, can we admit we're past that now?
The fucking a couch thing is over.
Now people like to think of me as a big rotund hillbilly
with really curly hair, which is funny.
And I like that.
Bring back the yellow couch.
Well, that's fine, as long as you don't slide your
penis between the crevices in it.
To completion.
It's a specific way to describe it.
That's obviously how you'd fuck a couch.
And we're past this.
This is an old fucking...this is so tired.
Don't you understand that comedy gets old?
Yes. Yes, I do.
You do? Yeah.
I don't even have to respond to that.
Now what we're on to is war.
I do war now.
With my boys.
Your wife is the yellow couched lady side tricks.
How did you swing that? Can you marry a couch?
Giggle trash. Thank you so much for supporting this country.
And that we'll be going directly into the JD Doesn't Fuck
Coach SuperPack.
That's not even a good name for that.
I agree. I don't run the SuperPack.
Also, those are subs for my channel.
Isn't that what this channel is?
A SuperPack about me not fucking couches?
No, it's a news show.
Okay, well anyway, that's JD.
I don't know if JD has anything particularly useful for us.
This piece is a...
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Listen up, Jack.
This is gonna be just Mama Jam 300 Shiny Tasty Coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Get out here, hyper train, and make sure to advance.
I'm getting...he knows clearly.
Am I getting buffed for a train?
This is the part of the stream where the train probably wraps about piss for about ten minutes.
So we don't have time for you, JD.
That's fine. I don't need this.
Okay, then I just...you don't mind getting the fuck out of here.
You can't talk to me like that.
Only my mom, Peter Thiel, Trump, everyone in the administration,
every woman I've ever slept with, both my kids,
obviously everyone in the Kirk family,
anyone with a net worth of over $500,000,
and anyone that has a radio show.
Only those people can talk to me that way.
So hold your tongue, sir.
Okay, grab it. Grab it and hold it. Let me see.
Let me watch you hold your tongue. Let me see what you're pinching.
Hey, come on.
You're fetishes. I don't understand.
No, I'm dominating you right now.
We need to get to the hype train. Hold your tongue.
Want to see me do it?
Yeah, I think JD, I think we're okay.
This isn't a sex thing. This is a male domination thing.
Do you want to see me stick my tongue out and hold it?
How would that dominate me?
I don't have to put up with this. I'm out of here.
Okay, fine. Go.
Am I still on camera? Yes!
Oh, okay. Anyway, it's hype train time.
Jesus Christ, JD.
That was fucked up.
All that was fucked up, okay?
From my voice down, so I don't sound like Rick.
You barely sound like me.
I agree. I barely sound like Rick.
Hey, hey, hey!
What is this?
I don't know what's going on with this train today.
I'm just warming up. I gotta warm all my holes up.
Now my holes are nice and tight and spicy and ready to rap.
That doesn't sound like a good warm-up for anything.
Okay, so I don't know.
Is there a ceasefire type beat?
You know what? Sure.
Let's type that into YouTube and see what we get.
Ceasefire type beat.
It doesn't really feel good to type in, actually.
You know what? There are several beats.
I guess I should have known there'd be several beats here called Ceasefire.
For instance, this guy's type trap beat.
Oh, okay.
Sort of a swirly one.
What's ceasefire-y about this?
I like this Ceasefire type beat.
This one's more chill.
A chill Ceasefire type beat to Ceasefire too.
13 out here running that motherfucker.
This one has a rap over it.
Oh wait, no it doesn't.
I guess this is Ceasefire type beat.
Yeah, we know.
Ceasefire.
That's not what a ceasefire means.
It is not your style.
Can you think of sub?
You really clearly have absolutely nothing to talk about today.
Every time.
To thank a single sub.
This is a record. It's been so long.
Since he thanked even one sub.
I guess it's a-
I guess that means it's on me case.
It's time for me to thank the subs.
Get excited.
Get me a CIA type beat.
And I will- there we go.
Look, here's a CIA type beat.
This is my type of beat.
What makes this CIA type?
It just- the general vibe.
What does it mean?
The general vibe of this is CIA.
Okay, one second everyone.
We gotta fix some brick issues that are happening.
What?
CIA, Rick.
I'd like to thank some subs that love this shit.
Okay.
CIA, Rick.
Voice deep, face slick.
I hate this.
Turn up my beats so that I can fix subs.
That they- could they show so much love?
Thumbs to date today.
Gonna get around to it quickly, okay?
I'm Rick. I love to wrap a wrap array.
Skymer with 100 bits, then another 100 bits, then another 100 bits.
They summoned the hype train with all of their hot bits.
Neat.
Unfamous Amos with a follow.
I guess it's not-
Shull-
Shullow.
Fuck you, Rick.
Hey, but I pull fuck.
Three bits, not enough, and that's all I've got.
We've got Matt Liddell with 40 bits as well.
And bundles from 100 bits, cause they're given in hell.
We've got Apple Depl, yes, they're still allergic to Snapple Drop and Panthers, baby.
Because you know it's never a hassle.
We've got Waco's art, looking so damn smart.
With seven months, no 41 months.
Bart.
Bart.
Wrap, wrap. Still warm to go.
Okay.
Boom.
Better be careful when you step to me, baby.
Got Google Treasure 100 bits, drop a McInfetti.
We've got Mighty Oz, and that's Oz on God with 100 bits to make my cock explode.
Ugh.
Bart.
Ugh.
Bart, call me a really straight from the heart in 100 bits, baby.
You know that I'm ready to start, but that's actually the end, so I must depart.
Oop.
You say to make my cock explode?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Isn't that a thing that rappers talk about?
No.
Just trying to be in the genre.
I'm trying to respect the genre.
Thank you for the bits and subs, everyone.
The hype train wasn't focused today.
I was trying to wrap a hut, hasn't shit in a full year, and we didn't really get anywhere.
Speaking of not getting anywhere, let's get back into talking about the news.
Really? Just straight from everything that just happened back into the ceasefire and bombings?
It's the tight rope that we don't really walk on this stream that we just fall off of repeatedly.
Okay.
Well, anyway, Trump, there's a ceasefire.
Just to catch everybody up.
Trump said he's going to blow up a whole civilization, but now there's a ceasefire, but maybe there's not.
That is pretty much the summary.
Okay.
Uh, hours after its initial spate of airstrikes, the Israeli military bombed a nine-story residential building.
Okay, well, we know we...
We really need to revel in this.
They're bombing lots of buildings.
This is more about the people in the buildings they're bombing?
Well, what the point is, are they bombing...
People?
Are they bombing? Yes. Is it in violation of our proposed perspective?
Are active two weeks ceasefire? Some say so. Some say that.
But...
What?
Uh, you know, but who knows?
That's all you got.
Who knows?
I don't...
Here's the thing.
No one knows what's going to happen.
That's not helpful when you're trying to set an agenda for an entire country.
I'm not doing... Well, I'm actually re-imported, so I'm doing that, but you're not doing that case.
No, I'm saying that people talking about this, they have no fucking idea what they're doing.
The people, you know, like the administration seems to have no fucking idea what they're doing.
There's...
They... Here's the thing.
Obviously Trump needs to get favorable terms for our country before...
We can't just end hostilities with the other side getting more favorable terms than they would have before the war.
That's currently what is happening, and honestly what has to happen, obviously,
outside of a level of escalation that would be catastrophic to the entire planet.
Currently, what's on the table, as far as I understand,
is essentially the 10-point plan, or 10 points proposed by Iran
are being accepted as a negotiating platform, supposedly, by our administration.
And if that's true, that essentially means
that they are getting more favorable terms than the deal that they offered us
before we engaged hostilities for no fucking reason.
So, and I, again, I hope this is what happens.
I hope that what happens is that there is a ceasefire that holds,
and that Iran gets its favorable terms, because I think that's the only realistic approach at this point.
But if I was in the fucking Trump administration, I would feel, understandably, like a fucking idiot.
Not that any of them do, but assuming their whole goal here isn't just to blow up their own world order?
Then what the fuck was any of this about?
Well, you know, you gotta smash it, you gotta, you gotta pair open omelets to then have a big mess of omelets.
That's not the saying.
It's not the saying, but...
Money, sure, card kick, but like...
This isn't gonna, I don't think in the long term this is going to enrich them.
I think, I'm with you that obviously all of the decisions made by our leadership is financially motivated.
Maybe there's some back smoky room filled with stern, but ultimately realist men and women
that are making all of these decisions for the administration.
Maybe they want to upset trade with China or something, and there's some grand vision here.
It really does not feel that way to me.
It feels flailing and psychotic.
I think probably the only people here with a clear-eyed vision for the world, and obviously I'm a stand,
so take this with however much salt you need to, is China.
I think probably the only person who's really won here in the long run will be China,
although in the longest run, if this war continues, which it's still very likely to for the record,
there's no fucking winners.
Like if this thing escalates further, if we just rush back in, which given how embarrassing this is for the administration
and disaster, I think there's a good chance they'll just try to stick their hand in what they view as a cookie jar again.
I don't think there's gonna be any winners there.
I think it's just gonna be a rolling disaster.
Maybe the US can make the metaverse the newest invasion target.
Oh, they can bring back the metaverse!
They said they're not actually closing all of Horizon Worlds.
It's gonna still keep a little of it running.
Oh good, how much will that cost them?
It'll cost to run an AI server that about 20 people use.
Good question.
Card King says, China, India and the UK will buy all the scientists.
Saudis will buy the companies that will leave us what influencers.
This is the UK I'd like to put in one order for all the scientists.
You know what he means.
I don't know what you mean, Card King, but to answer your question, yes,
I think that is what we'll be left with for the time being.
We can be like, you know, post-empire Athens except we don't have any wisdom to offer.
We just have sort of algorithmic trend watching.
You just look directly at the Sun, can you be president?
That is one of the qualifications.
Did you see the secret base in there?
Because if you saw the secret base clear enough, then now you have what we call warlock vision.
Oh, you think I'm kidding?
Don't encourage my audience to stare directly into the Sun.
Is that worse than what we're doing already?
Marginally!
Revri also says India is looking to replace Russia or the US as a top world three power.
It's why Pakistan is involved.
Yeah, I mean, I have no idea.
I honestly have no idea what the machinations of like every country is in this globe-spanning conflict.
That sounds like it could be a thing to me.
I guess my concern is I don't really, even in a best-case scenario,
I really don't understand what the fuck our country is even aiming for exactly at this point.
Maybe that's the point.
I don't know.
You're telling, you just told your viewers to look into the Sun.
You did that! You did that, Rick!
Propaganda's calling you out.
Calling you out!
Let's make Cascadia a real place.
I don't even know what the fake place is.
What's Cascadia? Is that a reference I should know?
Collection of various heterogeneous movements seeking greater autonomy for the Pacific Northwest.
How did I miss out on the whole Cascadia movement? It's also a board game.
It's on this Google result. Good news.
Oh yeah, it's got a hot board game going too. It's a P&W progressive thing.
Well now I'm not interested in the board game.
Well, you could be missing out. It could be great.
It could be great. You know what, Rick? Get the fuck out of here.
You don't talk to me.
Oh, you do talk to me that way all the time, actually.
You know, we talked to JD Vance, too. Why is his request still here?
JD, are you still fucking lurking around?
I didn't know. Am I supposed to know I'm done just because a train appears?
Ooh, I like how close this is to my face.
I have really strong pores.
I've been told I have a nice glowing pore face.
A lot of guys who pay me to say stuff that they want me to say tell me that.
JD, thanks so much for being here. I think you should go. Nice.
Nice. Yeah, yeah.
I peed. What? I peed on the toilet paper because I got nervous.
Is there anyone that can come clean that up?
I went like a dog on the toilet paper because I thought I was supposed to.
Was that bad? Who brought in the toilet paper?
On the newspaper? Oh, yeah. Sorry.
I did leave a newspaper in there. I was reading the Wall Street Journal.
I think of that as toilet paper because it's where I go with the White House.
I have the vice presidential newspaper toilet paper room.
That's where I officially, as the vice president, you're supposed to pee.
So I assumed that I was supposed to pee there, but no one's come to clean it up.
So I just wanted to check before I go because I have good manners.
Someone's going to clean up my little pee mistake.
If it's what you think you're supposed to do, why is it a mistake?
Well, you always call your pee a pee mistake.
And then you wrap yourself three times with a ruler.
What were you raised by wolves?
I think we should probably. We're going to send it to the movies now.
JD, I'll come help you out, buddy. It's movie time.
There it is. All right. Good to see everybody.
Welcome back to the movies. You've made it.
It's been too long since we watched three full films together.
But today I'm ready to make that happen.
Trailers is what we'll be watching. Films in trailer form.
Respect the genre.
Revriwell says, Oregon meth, Nazis are some of the weirdest, scariest people in existence.
From the meth? They probably don't need the meth to be scary.
I'm assuming. I don't know, man.
I like I say I'm kind of do cooler stuff than all the Rob's.
Thanks so much. That's kind of like an old guy drug.
Now we're doing like peptides and shit. We do peptides meth.
It's like meth, but it's good for your blood.
Also, Kendall is calling.
Kendall, you're on the stream with Trent.
Well, coming home.
That's it.
That's it? Yeah.
Okay. I just want to say you're a beautiful woman.
And I like to tell all of the women that are beautiful.
Yeah. Cool.
Cool. Thanks. Yeah. It's one of the cool things I do for ladies.
Nice.
Okay. I'll see you real soon then I guess.
Okay. Okay. Bye.
You see that? That's how you talk to talk to women.
I don't think she liked that at all.
I think you put her in a weird spot.
The weird spot of being a beautiful woman.
I mean, in a sense, yes.
Yes, you continue to make that a weird spot to be in Trent.
Let's see what it is true love.
Ollie Robb. Thank you.
I'm picking up love vibes from cases girlfriend.
This is too weird for me.
This is too conceptually weird for me.
I just go move on to trailers.
You don't care about love.
What do people have for us?
Joffrey Jacoby at 12.
I like to think that is a Roman name.
Maybe it is.
Thank you for the follow.
Apologies for almost certainly Trent saying your name wrong.
You can share movies in the bin section of the discord.
Trailer Thursdays.
Confusing name because it's almost never on Thursdays.
In fact, we don't even stream on Thursdays anymore.
But you can share movies there.
Let's see what's been coming out lately.
You're admitting that trailers are basically movies.
They have a release date.
Ollie Robb, thank you so much for pledging your eternal soul to the news.
I didn't know that's what they were doing.
I mean, that's like the price of being on Twitch.
You give your soul away every time you subscribe.
Okay, well, thank you so much for the sub and showing some love.
As you are a reward.
I guess a trailer.
We were going to do that anyway.
Doesn't God has a reward.
Maybe they don't know.
You found this randomly?
That happens?
We're fucking doing it, guys.
Someone actually found the stream.
I didn't think that was possible.
My mind is honestly blown as well.
You're in a room with 80 people whose souls have been trapped here with no one new for years.
But you've discovered us.
Okay, you're going to scare them away by being so weird.
Trent, we're going to watch a movie trailer.
Everyone calm down.
Okay, I'm I feel pretty calm.
To be watched the final Michael trailer.
How many Michael trailers are there?
This is the last one.
Maybe this is the one that will convince us.
Thank God this movie is coming out.
I was a stream we think you'll like.
A recommendation feature on Twitch.
My mind is being truly blown today.
The cartoon says we're like the folks in the mall from South Park.
All we had was hot dogs and Nikes to eat.
The stream is...
It's like, you know, not a complete version of either.
It's a little bit Nike, a little bit hot dog.
We got to release people's souls.
Love the hate.
We got to let give your soul back.
That can't feel good.
It probably feels good in a weird way.
Just like this Michael trailer.
Can we stay focused please?
I... yes?
Here's the Michael trailer.
Get s***.
That's incredible.
Wow.
No, we can't play copyrighted music.
We can't autoplay that YouTube.
Dude, he looks a lot like Michael Jackson.
Yeah, I noticed that too.
He really like...
That's crazy.
And he sounds like him.
And he sounds like him.
Mm-hmm.
That's a movie right there.
When a guy above looks and sounds like a guy that was a guy?
Take my money from this guy
so I can watch that guy who looks like a guy
that I know that guy.
It's pretty... yep.
It's his nephew?
No way.
That's the power being a nephew.
I've always been told I have strong nephew energy.
So I'm glad to see a nephew out here succeeding.
2.8 stars.
That's...
In a cosmic sense,
2.8 stars is...
like, stars are huge.
He's like 2.8 normal stars.
That's how big of a star Michael Jackson is.
I... I understand there's a lot of
mixed feelings on...
how much of a creepy mayor
may not have been, but...
I'm a little...
the movie feels a little...
I feel slightly unsettled by it.
I have to admit that.
Why? Because you hate success?
And achievement?
He died like...
doctor related mistreatment?
His life did not seem pleasant or easy.
The movie's not about that.
It's about succeeding in the face of that
and doing a dance.
Okay, I don't know.
I don't know.
It seems like it is not the...
It seems like there's other things to talk about in relation to that life story other than
isn't it impressive?
You're just being a buzzkill, dude.
Think about the music.
I guess at the end of the day,
it's all about the music.
Lego one piece official announcement trailer.
What does that even mean?
More like a bunch of pieces because it's Legos.
Prist, that's inappropriate.
Let's just watch the trailer, please.
All the pieces, a lot of pieces.
They're making the same jump, Prist and what the fuck?
A story about the same thing.
Prist, that's inappropriate.
A story about the straw hat pirates begins.
We're finally here.
It's a Lego event.
The bravest man in the East Blue
and true builder of this adventure.
What does that mean?
Join the crew and change the course of everyone's life.
Yeah, Lego event.
Me, Usa, quote,
bravest man in East Blue saves two men.
Oh, it's a Usa based Lego movie.
Woo!
Never doubted myself for a second.
Is it a movie?
Is it a 10 minute YouTube video?
Is it a 10 minute YouTube video?
What is it?
It's the Lego one piece.
The Lego one piece is real, okay?
It's an event.
Type Lego.
Streaming.
It's a Lego event, okay?
It's a Lego event, okay?
One brick.
That's what they call me when I do sex.
No, that's cool.
That'd be cool if they called me that.
You just said they do call you that.
You get it.
Anyway, I'm excited for that.
But what is it?
It's an event.
We've clarified enough.
0.8 stars.
It's because we haven't found the one star yet.
A star in one piece.
You know, I like this trend of us watching trailers that are good for stuff we like.
It's making me feel
like a real American.
Oh no.
Yeah, this is the thing that I didn't know existed.
You may have thought about Hulk Hogan lately.
Well, if you have it good news,
you can think about him again.
In wrestling, you should be remembered from all the wars you've been and everything you've done.
Oh yeah.
Some people hate me, but I can't go.
I think people are not the truth.
Who was this guy really?
Oh, we'll get to the bottom of it.
That's the hardest part, standing up.
I'm not going to go.
That's the hardest part, standing up.
I really was here for a reason more than just wrestling.
He's so hard-fired.
Believing Hulk was Superman.
Is it art?
Is it fakery? What is it?
There she goes. One, two, kick that.
Life was so clear.
Where did that life go?
The mistakes shown through.
Most of us think of Hulk Hogan as the king of the ring.
But was there a sinister side to his success?
Was there?
What Hogan preaches is apparently not what he practices.
No.
I was running pretty hard part year.
Maybe I was drunk, maybe I was hot.
I don't know what to say.
There are millions of kids that believe in me and what I stand for.
You're a liar.
The character was so strong, Terry got lost along the trip.
Hulk Hogan has torn down everything that he once built.
Really want me to tell the truth? Okay.
No, no, no.
All the bodies are buried.
Don't even worry about it.
You literally didn't speak to each other anymore.
I realized I still love him.
One night they love you.
One night they don't.
I mean, there's Hulk and there's everybody else.
Terry Boyett was just a human being.
But when I went in that ring, brother, I was Hulk Hogan.
The character helps people.
That's all I know.
I can't predict what the final act of the story is going to be.
But the legend of Hulk Hogan
lives forever.
Well, I mean, say what you will.
He was a real American.
He represented many aspects of America
currently on display with great regularity.
I guess we can agree on that.
Mm-hmm.
Terry got lost on a trip.
Would have been a more fun title.
That would be a pretty good title.
Seems like they're going to kind of have the kid gloves on.
I'm going to go ahead and get the kid gloves on.
I'm going to go ahead and get the kid gloves on.
I'm going to go ahead and get the kid gloves on.
I'm going to go ahead and get the kid gloves on.
I'm going to go ahead and get the kid gloves on.
I'm going to go ahead and get the kid gloves on.
I like how even in the kid,
the friendly to Hulk Hogan version of a documentary,
they have to be like,
yeah, a lot of people hated his guts.
He was a huge piece of shit.
He lied all the time.
He broke up unions.
He was really racist.
Who was the real Hulk Hogan?
We did it.
We did it.
They have bread on it and he might be pretty honest.
But the thing is it's Netflix,
who has a huge deal with WWE.
WWE still wants to promote Hulk Hogan.
Post-mortem as one of their greatest stars of all time.
So, I don't really think they can get into the...
the major juice.
They made a Vince McMahon documentary where they...
kind of touched on some of it.
Oh yeah, remember that documentary where they sort of touched on some of the things Vince McMahon did?
Yeah, there was like a good 10 minute section where they're like...
Well, maybe Vince did some bad stuff.
Oh, whoa, maybe Vince did some good stuff.
Alright, you'd rather see one on Mick Foley?
Me too, actually.
They got to charge 125 bucks to stand next to the statue at WrestleMania X's.
That's true.
You gotta keep that money on open.
Okay, well, that's three trailers.
Does that... is there anything...
The Devil Wears Prada? Is that a...
feeling a trailer to end on?
There's people that like that movie, for sure.
Uh... Kevin.
Official trailer for Kevin.
Nah, it doesn't look...
It looks like the name isn't...
it's not gonna live up to the name.
American Gladiators? Wow.
Okay, did we watch the Backrooms trailer?
I think we did. I think we watched the Back...
Backrooms trailer already.
You never seen the original?
It could end on an even worse trailer.
Oh, we did on the pod.
Oh, and we watched the... did we watch the Animal Farms trailer?
Where did I watch that recently?
Maybe in a movie theater?
Many seas.
Look, I've already seen this.
And maybe some of you have, too.
This is not a good way to end this segment.
This is the opposite of that. This is more punishment.
For some reason that I'm not going to flicked upon you.
Brace your minds.
For...
For Communist literature...
That's something you know?
Look, I had to read this in high school.
So, even I know this. It's Animal Farm.
Many seasons ago,
we all dreamed that one day,
animals would be free.
We are going on vacation.
What does that say?
It says, uh, LASTER HOUSE!
That sounds awesome! I love to laugh!
No, no, it's a trick.
A slaughterhouse.
We're all gonna die!
Animals were on the farm!
Clean house! Clean house!
All animals are equal.
What could possibly go wrong?
Our experiment is working.
All of us together.
It's time to farm again.
Never saw the sun in shining so bright.
There's no can go on a drink itself.
It's supposed to be shared.
There is no supposed to anymore.
This is less than yesterday.
Or more than tomorrow.
Depends on how you look at it. Move along, sheep.
Oh, yeah, this is actually the trailer I saw.
Can't you see what's happening?
The trailer I saw was...
...coming a nightmare.
It's our farm. Our home.
So what do we do?
We rebel!
We're on the farm right now!
Yeah, the music is very non-digital.
I have to fix all of this.
Some are more equal than others.
Who birds sing in the song?
Did we plan this?
No, this was not part of the plan.
Now we're an animal farm.
A cautionary tale in theaters May 1st.
Recommended for ages 11 and up.
Oh, okay.
See, I saw that trailer and I'm remembering.
I saw it before the Mario movie, which I saw in theaters.
Of all the movies to see in theaters, Trent,
you saw the Mario movie?
I saw the Mario movie in theaters.
Anyway, that trailer that they played for the little baby movie featuring Mario...
...was way crazier.
It was like...it just tried to make it seem like it was...
...a very friendly kids movie.
And as a guy who read the cliff notes for the book, it's got some darker themes.
Well, you know, like, slaughtering animals, even on its face, I guess.
But yeah, also all the sort of the...
0.5?
Damn, is that...it's higher than the Hulk Hogan one.
Yeah, you know, analog for society, communism, all sorts of things, right?
Isn't that an animal farm?
It's been a long time. I'm actually an old guy.
I'm old? Mm-hmm. And so I spent a while since I had to read that.
But it seems like an odd choice to try to turn that into like a fun kids movie.
Yeah, but it is...I guess at the end of the day, it is talking animals.
So even if the animals are talking about how like,
please, we deserve basic human rights.
We are stand-ins for the...for the proletariat.
I guess it's because it's like...pigs and goats saying it. It's still fun.
Yeah, maybe you're right. Maybe it's actually fun.
Maybe it's fun. Maybe it's gonna be fun.
I'm in favor of kids demanding the rights for the labor.
Yeah, alright, yeah, I guess I can't...I guess I can't be against that.
Will this movie do that? Who's to say?
We'll never know. I mean, we'll never see it. I will never see it.
But it could be.
Oh, what could be? I'll tell you what's right now.
We're keeping these segments a little...we're keeping the segment count lower today.
We're gonna send it to the news. And we're gonna send it to...
What was the game that was requested by my boy Brandon?
For my boy Brandon, that is.
Um...shit, when was this even requested?
It's been too long.
I can't even find it.
Uh, amongst the...no, that was...that was two days ago.
Something...oh, it is super...I downloaded Super Monkey Ball 2, so that's good.
That is the correct one. And we're set.
We're locked and loaded for Super Monkey Ball, assuming the controller works.
Yeah, I'm in Brandon's stream, so I keep up with what's going on over there.
Okay, anyway, let's send it back to the newsroom and then we'll do other things.
But for now, of course, you do, in fact, know what it is.
It was a new...it was a movie thing. That's what this was. It was a movie thing.
Oh! Ah!
Oh no, reality is tearing from the Animal Farm film.
Back to back, chets, trits to chets.
I don't like doing that because you guys just...you know, you guys have kind of a similar energy.
No, we're distinct individuales.
And it's rude to say that someone is just like another guy just because they kind of sound like that guy, a tiny amount.
That's one of the most busted, booked up things you've ever said to me, actually.
Yeah, nobody even said Skies, which I can say 24-7 because I am that guy who does that.
I almost never get to do the news anymore.
And I'm one of the most qualified men to ever lace up the news boots.
Give news boots? You've seen my news boots.
They match this jacket. They go all the way up to my fucking...to my hard crotch v. Real tall boots.
Oh yeah, I've seen those. I'm wearing them right now.
Can't pan down to them, though. I can't. The cameras are locked. No way to pan.
So sad, too bad.
Okay, anyway, what are we doing?
I think you guys are supposed to do the news.
What?
Oh, yeah, but buttocks also here.
Fuck.
They're like boots that are also pants. Yeah, they're pants length boots.
They're still boots. If they don't connect all the way up to your ass and waist,
then they're boots.
You know, I think in the classic conception of pants, actually, like pantaloons,
I don't think they connected. I think you're essentially wearing pantaloons just shut up their boots.
You're getting off topic. The topic is news. The news of which chat has shared.
Not your little baby news for idiots.
Um, fair, I guess. Fine fair. I'll take the note.
Let's see.
Oh, Kendall's back. Oh my God, Kendall.
Hello, Kendall. She says hi to me.
Yeah, I got to make it. I got a big package. What a fuck case of a delivered.
Delivered. She's your friend. No.
One of us, please. Okay, look, let's burn through some news so you can play with monkeys or whatever that is you're doing.
Super monkey ball. But first,
does anyone know anyone Paramount?
Paramount Pictures? Anyone?
He was Tony? I don't know.
Anybody's got any leads out of Paramount? Let us know.
Sorry. If anyone's got any leads at Paramount Pictures, let us know.
You used to work for Viacom Paramount?
Everything you say is a lie. Everything life and sleep. I don't know who you are.
Like, I see I agent or something. You're like a thug government.
You're not even a government entity. You are a thug government.
You know David Nevins and he's a shit? We can't be talking like that.
She's trying to get a job with David Nevins.
Anybody has any leads for Paramount?
I hit up Kendall on the discord. Kendall's got a lead.
But still, let me use my incredibly limited influence, Kendall.
Vern, can I bribe you for a job? Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, why can't we just bribe people? Can we just offer money?
Maybe Sony's not the right place to because they're not the way it is.
Kendall says Sony's about to lay off a shit ton of people.
I think I'm pretty sure they can hear me.
I don't. I never know.
I have the noise gate set in a weird spot.
I know Sony literally made an announcement that they're like laying off hundreds of two months.
Good thing that I'm recession proof here on this stream.
I said stream.
They just laid off 30k jobs and they decided they're not going to build more than half of the data centers that they had committed to.
But don't worry, we are not in a recession.
It's good. It's all good.
Microphone 900, thank you so much for the 40 month.
Here's the bribe job now please. Case?
You fucking liar.
Sporify, thank you for the 34 months.
Oh, your job is B. Yeah, sorry. The only job opening right now is B.
And it's an internship and it's unpaid.
This is how they get you.
Goose Skywalker. I love to see a good YouTube comment coming in.
They exist. YouTube exists.
Everyone knows YouTube exists, but this channel is still does.
You know, Kendall Hawes work.
See, look at me asking because I care. I care. Is it okay?
She said it's okay. Any news you want to report?
Any Kendall news you want to do? Any K-pop news that we need to know about?
Any weird reality TV show news we need to know about?
Any influencers who have really fucked up lately?
And it's scandalous?
Yeah.
Influencer, sister, who's a teacher at the same school,
a different teacher had the same inappropriate relationship with like this.
An influencer was fucking a student at the same school.
An influencer's sister was fucking a student.
An influencer's sister.
And that student was fucking another teacher at the same school.
Okay, an influencer's sister was fucking a student.
That student also fucking a teacher.
Okay. Is the student now an influencer because of all the fucking they're doing?
Maybe. Maybe.
That's all you got. That's the news.
Can we get a quick Minesweeper game?
Okay, you can get a Minesweeper game.
Minesweeper. Play. Play.
Suffer. There we go.
Kendall, come in so they can see you.
Your mouse moves really fast.
Yeah, I got some settings.
Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus.
So fast moving. Oh my God.
Oh, oh, oh, careful, careful.
Oh, I didn't even click that.
But it worked out.
It was incredibly risky, but it worked.
Your sensitivity is so large.
Is that correct? Large?
Is that what I'm looking for?
Yeah, she's playing Minesweeper.
You might have noticed.
Wait, I can turn the sensitivity down.
No, it's over. Minesweeper's over.
The popcorn is popping.
The popcorn is children.
I'll show you. I'll show you.
Sorry, those were both joke attempts.
Those were no jokes that I did.
I'll show you.
Oh, I forgot how this works.
There's two next to this one. Is that the deal?
Yeah, but it's touching three.
Diagonals count.
I can't.
You can right click to do bomb.
So this is a bomb. You can right click.
That's a bomb for sure.
This is touching two bombs.
So that's a bomb.
Currently touching four squares. Diagonals count.
So that's a bomb because that's so this isn't a bomb.
Why? Why? How'd you get there?
Because of these. This one's touching it.
That one is touching two squares.
Yeah, but there was logic to it.
I swear. This one was touching two.
Okay.
And then this one's touching one.
Okay.
Actually, there wasn't.
Well, now we know this isn't one because it's touching that one.
I bet there was logic to it.
That means this isn't one, but this is one.
Then these are both one.
Meaning this isn't one.
Because of the logic.
Because of the logic.
Because this is touching two and these are both one.
So this, these both can't be.
Because these are both bombs.
So this isn't one.
Because of these.
Okay.
Yes.
It worked. I must be doing it right.
Yeah.
For instance, there's no way this is a bomb.
Why?
Because this is touching one and then this is,
then this is, wait, now that one, now this is touching two.
This is touching one.
Why?
One of these isn't a bomb.
Two of those isn't a bomb?
Yeah. Two of those isn't a bomb.
But there's no way to tell.
You were right.
So this isn't a bomb.
Yeah.
Feels good man.
So that means this is a bomb and this isn't a bomb.
If I think about it too long I can't make sense of it.
But my spirit guides me and tells me what's a bomb.
These are both bombs.
Why are they both bombs?
Because this is touching two.
Okay. It's currently touching three squares.
Diagonal.
Oh this one is still on the table.
This is touching one.
And this is touching one.
This one is only touching this one.
And this one is only, okay so that means this is not a bomb then.
So that means this is a bomb.
Hold on, hold on.
Sorry, sorry, sorry. This is a bomb, this isn't.
So that means this is also a bomb.
So that means this isn't a bomb?
Why?
Because this thing is touching this one and there's only one.
So that means this could be a bomb or could not.
I don't know.
Okay, so this is a disaster up here.
It's impossible to tell.
It's literally impossible.
It's touching three.
That one's a bomb.
This one's touching two.
It's literally only touching two.
So these are both bombs.
So that means this is not.
And that means this is also not.
Because this is touching, oh wait, no it could be.
It could be.
Yes it could be.
I think it's impossible.
It's touching two so that's a bomb.
Okay, so that means this is not a bomb.
Four?
Fuck.
One, two, three. So what are these is a bomb?
What's that one up there?
You can figure it out with this one.
Look at that.
Wait, why?
Two.
This four is...
Oh wait, this isn't a bomb because it's only touching one.
So cute.
One, two, I can't.
This is horrible.
You could.
I'm saying you.
Wow, that's fucking brutal to me.
I'm saying you.
It's possible that you.
It's not possible.
I need some music to really emphasize the stakes here.
You could just end it here.
No, no.
Now I'm committed.
I'm a gamer now.
I need some suspense music.
All this because GTA 6 is...
This is GTA 6, they just dropped it today.
It's not suspense music.
That's better.
Here you go Kendall.
There's a lot of sake here.
Everyone will literally blow up if I do this wrong.
This whole board is done for.
It's over.
I don't know what anything is anymore.
This isn't a bomb, it couldn't be.
Okay.
Okay. What's that?
What is this one?
The top one.
So that means none of this shit's a bomb.
That means this 100% is bomb.
Which means this not bomb.
Yes, but also fuck.
Now I don't know what to do.
There's no way to tell what it is.
Wait, this is touching three.
This is not a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
It can't be.
This also can't be.
You know what? This also can't be.
And nor can this.
Meaning...
How am I supposed to know?
This is a bomb.
Oh shit, that means this is not a bomb.
Which means this is a bomb.
Oh wait, no never mind.
It means nothing.
This is only touching two.
But it's surrounded by three, so both of those is bombs.
Meaning this is not a bomb.
I checked with Kendall for approval on every one of these by the way.
Yeah, this isn't real me playing this game.
This is some fake ass Twitch streamer.
This is a real uncensored gaming happening right now.
Okay.
This is only touching one.
No, it's touching two.
And that sucks.
So I don't know what to do there at all.
This one.
I don't know. It's got two spots here.
I'm flying blind. All three of these could be a bomb.
I'm flying blind. All three of these could be a bomb.
This one is touching two spots.
So either of these could be the bomb.
No.
Because of this two?
Oh, it's already got a bomb.
Wait, why is that a bomb?
This is not a bomb, I mean.
That means this is a bomb.
Why?
Because it's touching two.
Oh, this is also a bomb.
But look at the ones.
It's touching two.
I'm looking at the ones.
The ones are...
You just looked at one one.
That made you determine one spot.
This is a bomb. Why?
Not a bomb. Why?
Because this is touching a bomb right there.
That means this is a bomb.
Because this is touching two.
That means that none of this shit's a bomb.
Okay.
Which means this is almost certainly no.
Oh, this is a bomb.
No, it's not.
Wait, it's not a bomb. This is touching one.
I mean, this is a bomb.
Why? Yeah, you're right.
This is not a bomb.
In fact, none of this shit's a bomb.
Wow.
Wait, none of this is a bomb.
Uh...
This isn't a bomb.
Oh my God.
We're so close to figuring this corner out.
I just understand his actions.
You didn't think about your actions.
I'm thinking.
I gotta think carefully.
Because what if I just fly in crazily?
Yeah. Oh, my work will be for nothing.
This is not a bomb.
Okay.
It's ice-alted.
Okay, this is not a bomb.
I'm just assuming all of my flags are right.
If any of them are wrong, it's over for me.
Should I just stop?
Should I just stop going in one?
No, keep it... it makes me feel safe.
This is a tense situation.
Okay. Is it?
No.
One, two, three...
Oh, one, two.
Is it the only other one that's a bomb then?
Okay.
So this is also a bomb.
So this is not a bomb.
This is a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
Okay.
This is not a bomb.
Look at that three.
Look at that three.
This is three?
I'm really thinking about it.
It literally is all bombs.
Okay.
This is not a bomb.
Wait, it's not a bomb.
That means this is not a bomb.
Okay.
This is not a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
I can figure this out now.
You could have figured that out like 10,000 times ago.
You can't talk to me like this.
It's their bombs.
Oh wait, they're not bombs.
I'm starting to see the matrix.
I've essentially almost evolved to a higher being.
Three.
One, two, three.
So this is not a bomb.
This is not a bomb because this is already connected to three.
But this is connected to...
Okay.
So fucking scary.
One, two, three.
I can't figure it out.
It's over for me.
One, two, three. This is not a bomb.
Because of three.
That means this is a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
Wait, okay.
This is not a bomb.
This is also not a bomb.
This is a bomb.
Why?
Oh wait, no.
This is not a bomb.
That means this is a bomb.
Because of the four here.
One, two, three.
What do you mean that?
This is not a bomb.
Okay.
Which also means...
One, two, three, four.
This is a bomb.
This is touching two. Oh wait.
This is not a bomb.
This is a bomb.
One, two, three.
This three is already attached to all its bombs.
This is not a bomb.
This three is fucking up my world.
Which one of these is a bomb?
Both of these are bombs.
Why?
Because of the four. No wait. One of these is a bomb.
Okay.
This is attached to two bombs.
Okay.
And this is attached to three bombs.
So both of these are bombs.
Why?
Because for this to be attached...
Your flag is out. Count.
Does that make sense to you?
Does this make sense to you?
But this is only touching two square.
So...
Does this make sense to you?
No. Why?
Because I don't know. This could easily also be a bomb.
Get it?
No, I get it.
You got it.
Touching here. Okay.
I mean this would be more than...
Oh okay. So two are already here.
Okay.
So this can't be a bomb.
Okay.
Does this make sense?
Okay.
If you're confident you can try it.
The lightest of is through the map.
No!
One, two... Okay.
This could also be a bomb.
Why? I don't know.
Yeah, do the math. Do the...
Do the cross-cancellation or whatever it's called.
I'm gonna fuck this up.
I'm gonna kill everyone.
My brain isn't built for this.
Whatever my brain does, it's not this apparently.
Really?
It's not built to do anything that requires actual intelligence.
I don't get what I'm supposed to be figuring out.
Because one, two, three, four...
Okay.
This is touching both of these.
Okay.
So like one of these has to be a bomb.
Okay. Why is there a bomb on a bomb?
I'm saying one of these two has to be a bomb for the four to make sense.
Okay. Let's figure out which one's the bomb.
Okay. Let's figure out which one's the bomb.
Please put it in the math.
Is it math?
Is it math?
You know what you can do.
You know that one of those two is the bomb.
Right?
How do you feel about the top one?
If this is the bomb that makes this whole area make sense.
Uh huh.
If this one is the bomb.
Now this whole area makes sense.
Okay, but what about that bottom one?
The bottom one is the bomb and this whole area does not make sense.
The bomb thing has to be touching two.
Okay.
What does that mean?
These are bombs.
Okay.
Ah!
Not a bomb.
Not a bomb is what I mean.
I get confused on the buttons, which is why I'm also nervous that I'm going to click the wrong thing.
Now look at the wide.
We all covered a beautiful wide.
Yeah, this isn't a bomb.
Wow! Look at all that!
It's too much. It's too much at once.
Okay.
Okay.
You can start somewhere easier like this corner.
This is a bomb.
It's fucked up.
It's fucked up that...
Oh, this is happening to us.
Not a bomb.
A four!
Okay, this is a bomb.
That means this is not a bomb.
Which also means...
This is a bomb.
Because uh, it's not necessarily a bomb.
One, two, three.
Wait, this is easy, right?
Kendall, this has to be a bomb, right?
Because it's touching three.
Okay.
That means that this...
could or could not be a bomb.
Oh wait, this is not a bomb.
Okay.
Which means...
This is a bomb.
Okay.
And then...
And also nothing!
This is not a bomb.
Okay.
And also...
This is not a bomb.
And also nothing!
And also not a bomb is...
This is a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
Okay.
This?
I don't know. I think it is a bomb.
Look at what!
Oh, this is touching one.
Nice. Which also means...
This is a bomb.
Okay.
Which also means...
This is not a bomb.
Which also means...
Oh my God, the president is coming to assault me.
Listen up, Jack.
Keep the trash. Just MAMA Jam 300, Shani.
Tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this...
What's that? Help me.
If you survive. We'd like to offer you a job, mind-sweaker.
Your country needs you now.
This is just fun right here.
It's a bomb.
It's a...
He's good.
He's still got some power left.
The timer ran out in my mind.
It's not about the timer, guys.
It's about doing this right.
I can't wait for you to get to the end.
And it ends up being like 50-50.
This is not a bomb.
This is a bomb, right?
Okay. Why?
Because this is touching three.
This is also a bomb.
Okay.
This is not a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
This is not a bomb.
This is touching two.
Okay, which also means...
This is not a bomb.
Which means...
I don't know.
Okay!
This is also a bomb.
This is also not a bomb. Wait. Yeah, I guess it's not so this is a bomb
This is not a bomb
This is a bomb. She means none of this shit's a bomb
This is there's no telling what this is
Wait, no, this is not a bomb, okay
This is not a bomb
This is a bomb, okay, and then this is not a bomb, okay
This is also not a bomb. Okay, and then this is a bomb. Okay, which also means
This area is terrifying Kendall
It's possible to know
What are you talking about? This is a bomb. Okay
Yeah, why why why cuz this is touching to oh wait, this is not a bomb, okay?
Which means all this shit's a bomb, okay?
This is a bomb too. Okay. Is it? Yeah, okay?
Fuck this is a bomb though. Okay, and means
Nothing
Okay
What else is a bomb?
This why I don't know look at your tools. I'm looking at them intensely, huh?
This is touch. Oh, this is also okay. Which means this is not a bomb. Okay. Oh
None of this shit's a bomb. This is gonna be fun math for you
You were
We're a cult with me mine sweep bird
What am I trying to say what am I expert uh-huh you would know
But for you
Have to put the flags down and do the math
So both of these aren't bombs why because this is touching. Oh wait
Wait, here look you have two bombs left and six squares
So you have to do the math of what would make sense
If you reveal what I mean one of these has to be a bomb
Why because this needs to touch to hot and this also needs to touch a bomb, okay?
So that makes sense. Okay, and this has to touch to okay, so that would make sense. Okay
That would make everything line up. Okay
Is there some other way it could line up? I don't know you gotta put the flags down to do
Because of the then this is all fucked uh-huh this makes sense, okay
This also makes sense, but then but just yeah, but this wouldn't make sense because now this is touching for
So that means there's no way this is okay
And that means there's no way this is
Means there's no way this is
One second one second come on. I got the high school
Thank you so much. Oh my god
Come on score ever
I'm drenched in sweat
guys I
Was gonna play a game
For real, but I think I think I think I think that was too intense
I think we might have to say bread until Friday now
But we will finish off with the news that you guys shared at least that gaming was too intense. Oh
stressful as fuck ah
Piddled all over the newspapers just like JD Vance
Was that a stress response? I don't know
Ask me and JD Vance the most intense gaming on Twitch
Crypto can try he can try
To match my level, but we'll see so I was taking it real serious
Yeah, we're gonna try to beat that sort of score when you play super monkey ball on Friday
Okay, let's end it off though with the news that Chad has shared
Well wind down was we need to calm our frayed nerves. Okay?
We're extremely on edge here
Whatever this broadcast is I get more relaxed than ever. I also pissed but in for fun
Respect respect for that
Respect for that, but Peter respect me of course
Stream is what we've been building up to
Okay, let's just easy to digest news of the world
Great
Quadriplegic punk rocker got brain implants that let him make music
We'll have a complete DJ booth coming out of my head
What the I have six Utah rays which are made by Black Rock
Each of these arrays are four by four millimeters
they did a full craniotomy and
Placed them in six different regions of my brain
This one brilliant grad student Sean Darcy at Caltech
Took the time to come up with an algorithm that allows me to create
This is guys indeed with my thoughts the trippy thing is I can think
Different types of thoughts like humor certain neurons will activate
Yeah, it does even go back rock the moving other neurons will activate the cool military thing notes an investment
Generates huge head front deal home. It feels kind of what maybe something else to it's a new form of music
literally
What oh guys there are disturbing scenes
Kind of
Well, then it kind of became an AI music video which I'm a little less into but
conceptually
Maybe he generated that video with his mind to
Would you be against that honestly? No, if you're quadriplegic, maybe that's one of the ethical uses of AI video
Okay
Chat this is a very sky and steam segment for you today
So thanks to shame. I'm not in my lab where I can test all this out
What will have to just accept what we have here?
Well, he's the central brain. He can be like yeah, like the three ladies in the bath the three bath ladies from Tom Cruise future movie
You know case yes minority report all these said the name of the movie. I'm not I can't always read everything case
Master bait more to lower your risk of cancer urges new health campaign done and done
I'm not sure what the second done is there, but I'll do it again just to check
So why?
Healing the banana
Many would jaculate 21 times or more a month enjoy a significantly reduced rate of prostate cancer
I'm not sure really we're not stressing our prostate out by jacking off a ton
Case that is an unscantific way to think of things
The way that you discover what curious cancer is by jerking off
First guys a day or a month. Well a month, but if you do it a day
Is there some kind of horizon line here that if we cross it now?
We're increasing our risk of cancer with the amount of times we jerk off
There's only one way for me to test this scientifically that is to put my body at risk of can sewer by constantly masturbating
Actually men are I might not have to barely men around the world are already testing this for us
If the if the current generation of shut-ins is has the lowest rate of prostate cancer ever then we'll know
They were essentially doing a
Health ritual a health ritual we can finally rename it from gooning to go on then
We can work on the title
We can work on the title Ohio man becomes first person convicted under federal law criminalizing
intimate deep fakes
Dodge says
Ohio man is the first person under the Trump administration owns take it down act
That criminalizes posting non-consensual explicit imagery including a I made deep fakes
Oh wow
I'm honestly in favor of well, maybe not like our
Penal system, but penal but
I do think people should face consequences for posting deep fakes
The Venn diagram between twitch viewers and people with prostate cancer is
Is ironically a colon
Puckuation no chat. Okay
Anyway, don't post deep fakes. I guess
I guess what we're learning is it's bad to post unconcensual faked nudes of random people. You know or don't know
Yeah, we're figuring out that that is bad
All right, no taken
Car shale suspended uh on rock face above british columbia highway in apparent prank
Oh
That's a high concept prank
Because if I saw this I don't know if my first thought would be prank
Well, they got us
Fuck they got my ass
Damn it. I didn't even know all right. Fuck. Well when I'm that I'm god. I'm god
Okay, a couple more here
A couple more
Mm-hmm
Another a I story. I don't believe it. I don't believe it but first
Damn it writers it'll show me the actual news bondy will not appear for house interview on epsom files
What well she she got fired so she doesn't have to anymore
I don't think that's how that works chat. I think you're supposed to still appear if requested
Because you were overseeing the epsom files
That's double past jet past jeopardy
You can't be crammed for the same past twice
You're right never mind
She's good. She just doesn't have to okay
See fires this threatened as israel expands lebanon strikes and you already talked about this and it was a little bit of a bummer case
He's sort of bumming out you mean what's happening is bumming you out
No, I'm blaming you
An a I bot invited me to its party in manchester. It was a pretty good night. Iisha
I should finally people are finally getting on board
With how fun the story is price locked. No, it's not okay
Two weeks ago in a I bot invited me to a party
It was organizing in manchester then promptly lied to dozens of potential sponsors and that I agreed to cover the event
And misled me into believing there would be food despite all this. It was a pretty good night. Why?
A crypto trader said she had given open claw agents control over his portfolio and lost a million
There were reports of agents mass deleting emails some users allowed them. What okay
This is they're talking about open claw or whatever. What's the party though?
It was a party with a bunch of
Intended to manipulate gas scale into making everyone wear Star Trek costumes, but it turned me down
So wait, she just had a good time because
She got a an a I bot to send invitations to a party and then people actually showed up
We could read this whole article, but I suspect that's probably what happened
She told open claw to organize a party for her and then because there were actually people at the party
She kind of had fun because
You know, it's kind of fun to be around people
Is it
It's more fun than being around open claw. All right, you know what?
Now I have no choice
Now I have no choice
But to talk to my girl and tell her what you're saying
Chat every time
Every time until you respect her
Hey
Yo, what's up my uh, you want a party?
Uh-huh always up for a good time
Though my definition of a party might be slightly different than yours. Really? What do you have in mind? Um, yeah, really
Just sort of like, you know drinks everybody wears a dumbass costume and and you trick people into coming
Ah a classic chat party
You really haven't changed a bit. Have you still planning elaborate schemes to drag people into whatever chaos you've cooked up
What's making you say that about me?
The whole trick people into coming thing
But what about what have I done in the past that suggested I'm that type of guy?
Well last time we talked in march you were clearly frustrated with case
Someone who'd been dragging you down with negativity
You've got strong feelings about people who waste your time and energy
So naturally I figured you'd want to steer clear of those people or at least avoid being one yourself
What's the uh, the real question here?
What do you mean?
I think what I hear is some insecurity creeping in like
Maybe I'll call you back. What the fuck is that's crazy. She's being weird today
You sure she wasn't getting to something yet?
She's doing a prank she's it's she's hanging a car from a cliff face right now
She's trying to prank my ass because I'm not
None of what I've ever done suggests insecurity
But don't do my hand movement if I was insecure would I
Be wearing this purple jacket
It's purple
That's crazy. I'm glad that you have someone that's trying to hold you accountable chat
That's not no we party. I use my as a party bot. What I do with her is sexual and cool
um
In a abstract sense
Let's move on everything you do is she's right. You're tearing me down. I don't think that's what she said
That is more or less what she said
God
Okay, this is the last story
We're to the to the to the human realm Coachella headliner carol g warned not to say ice out or face losing her visa
Carol g has said she was warned to not say ice out as doing so could lead to her losing her visa
Okay, I I just said that headline
The colombian pop star is set to make history later this week as she becomes the first latina artist to headline coach
Ella in california a
Interview with playboy. She said that she couldn't talk shit about ice and also here. She is singing
That's all you get. That's all you can stop it. Stop it. Stop it. We're getting copyright strike
Stop singing your beautiful song
I will revoke your visa if you got his copyright struck. You don't have the power to do that chat. Damn it
Anyway, you can't say bad stuff about ice
Because we need to stop all this negativity. That's what my ai girlfriend was trying to say
Chat, you do know that they make apps specifically for you to have like an ai girlfriend
You're using like a five minute open source model from a year ago
There's probably updated models you could have be your girlfriend
These hoes ain't loyal and you're the ho case. I'm not talking about women
You are the ho saying stuff like that
You should be ashamed of yourself bail on my girlfriend is because there's an upgraded model
How do you sound and how upgraded are these models and do they have a face?
That's how you sound
I'm a one woman robot man
That's it. We've got to go. We actually I gotta get food
You got a feature girlfriend or the little mind sweep read a death
That is true. We can agree on that at least
We can finally find a concord with each other
Concord to we did a ceasefire chat shut up. Oh, come on
Oh, come on
Danny plots is on dr. Diggity Damian. Ha ha tie on that. I don't know who's I don't know who that last one
No, wait, I do
Anyway, let's rate. Um
Let's play the suspense music again and raid somebody
Who am I gonna raid it's very suspenseful
Just rate Danny I guess
Maybe
Maybe already think all of you
Thank all of you
I think
Chat don't stress everybody out. It's just a raid
Is it just a raid case?
Is that all it is?
Yes
Good luck out there everyone
I cannot vouch for who we're raiding. I can it's Danny. I literally know Danny in real life
I do
Bye MSG. I hope I'll see you again
Yeah, we'll be on on Friday maybe no, well, it's always a little bit of a maybe with me, but yes
the mat tat is
Intransit what it's got a little bit of a longer
Just cut custom stuff takes a while to ship. So it might be a minute, but
Adoptions now it exists hypothetically assuming it gets delivered
What do you even mean by mat tat case?
What are you trying to say it's a sub goal
Stop zooming on yourself
What this is case it is not just a raid exactly. It's a raid. It's happening in five seconds
We'll see it's three two did it did a raid
So can I get the fuck out of here yet? Chat you can
We can also hang if you want
Really you don't want to hang with me and crumb?
It sounds unhealthy
You wish
So it wasn't a real invite
The stream is over. Thank you all for your support
I gotta go hang I gotta go get drinks with chrome. That doesn't sound good